BDSM Library - Picnic




Picnic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Domme and her submissive prepare for a midsummer picnic.
Picnic
by kittenfemme


All morning long I wondered why Mistress had me wear a collar, boots, and a
skirt suit during a lazy Sunday. The collar was common enough. I wore it almost
at all times while in her home. But the skirt suit? I couldn't guess what was on
her mind when she ordered me into such an ensemble.

I thought about it while I made brunch and served it to Mistress in her large,
fluffy bed. My mind would consider little else while I knelt on the floor. She
didn't invite me to speak or I might have voiced a question about my clothing
for the day. Instead, she ate ripe strawberries with her sharp, red tipped
fingers in relative silence.

I guessed that perhaps she was waiting for me to spill something on my jacket
while doing dishes after brunch or perhaps she wanted me to slosh soapy water on
my skirt while attending to Mistress in her bath. Was she was trying to find a
way to punish me? Surely she realized that she didn't needed to do such a thing.
I tend to be a clumsy, forgetful fool when excited, offering Mistress ample
opportunity to bend me over her knee by keeping me only nominally stimulated.

It wasn't until she had me dress her provocatively, but comfortably, and handed
me the chauffeur's cap that I understood. "Yes Mistress." I said, taking the cap
from her hand gently. I nearly laughed as I did. I had worried all morning for
nothing. Mistress simply wanted to go for a Sunday drive.

I begged to pack a picnic dinner and Mistress smiled. "You read my mind pet."
She said, before instructing me on what to bring. I slipped a few cookies that I
made the night before into a napkin and hid them in the corner of the basket as
I prepared it. Seeing as I had instructions to also pack food for her dog,
Chiot, I hid a bell pepper in the same corner of the basket. Chiot loved bell
peppers. I met Mistress Loren in her study when I finished.

She was relaxing in her large chair near her desk reading the morning newspaper.
It was something that I was elated to see. Mistress usually wished to talk of
politics or current events after reading the newspaper. When we did so, she
encouraged me to challenge her. She liked a good debate. It was one of the few
times she allowed me to speak to her as if I were nearly her equal and also one
of the few times I was comfortable doing so. I hoped we would have such
conversations during our drive or perhaps over dinner.

"Put the basket in the trunk of the car and then get Chiot." Mistress said
without looking up from the crisp text before her, "I'll meet you in the garage
in five minutes. Be ready to leave."

"Yes Mistress." I replied, then bowed at the doorway and pranced off down the
hall. I wedged the basket in the corner of the trunk beside the spare tire so it
wouldn't slide around during our drive. The top of the convertible was easily
positioned so it was safely tucked away, exposing the leather interior of
Mistress' car to the thick, midsummer heat. Then I returned to the house for
Chiot.

He followed me giddily, as he had already guessed what was about to happen.
Maybe he knew what a chauffeur's cap meant. I wondered if he guessed Mistress'
intentions before I did.

When Mistress entered the garage she found Chiot in the back seat, panting. He
was ready. There was no doubt. But Mistress frowned when she looked at me.
"Tara," She said in a very controlled voice, "I thought I told you to be ready."

I swallowed hard and tried to think of what I must have forgotten. The picnic
basket was in the trunk. I gathered a frisbee for Chiot. It was in the trunk as
well. I had a hair tie for Mistress in my pocket in the event she wished for
one. The keys to the car were in my hand. I was even standing next to the
passenger's side door of the car, ready to open if for Mistress.

Not knowing what else to say I simply replied, "Yes Mistress."

"Then why didn't you do as I asked?" Mistress' voice was like ice in the hot
summer air. It sent a chill down my spine. Indeed, I forgot something. I knew I
had to figure out what it was... and fast!

"Because I'm a forgetful slut Mistress." I replied, "Please allow me to correct
my mistake."

Mistress Loren sighed, crossed her arms, and tapped one foot. "Very well pet."
she said, "You have three minutes."

"Thank you Mistress" I said, and trotted back into the house. Mistress' perfume
teased my senses and left my mind wanting more as I passed.

I closed the door and sank backward with my shoulders flat against the hard
wood. A long, frustrated sigh escaped me. What had I forgotten? I reviewed the
morning again in my mind but couldn't find the one thing I'd neglected. Then I
turned on myself.

Why didn't I ask what I had done wrong before leaving the garage? Why was I so
arrogant that I thought I could figure it out? I knew Mistress Loren would be
even more upset. I pulled my hair and quickly ran over her instructions,
muttering them aloud to myself. What had I forgotten?

I reentered the garage when my watch told me that three minutes had passed.
Kneeling before Mistress on the warm concrete, I kissed her shoes. "Please
forgive me Mistress." I begged, "But I don't know what I've done wrong. Please
tell me and allow me to correct it Mistress. Please?"

I heard Mistress sigh again. Heavy malice filled the garage along with her
words. "We don't have time for this pet." I felt myself begin to tremble. "Go
back into the house. Look in the mirror and tell me what you've forgotten." I
didn't dare look up at her. Instead, I kept my head down and my gaze on her
shoes.

"Yes Mistress." I replied, simply, and then crawled into the house. I shut the
door again once inside and scampered off to Mistress' bedroom.

I don't remember how long I stood stupefied in front of Mistress' full length
mirror. I remembered the boots, skirt, and skirt jacket. Mistress didn't say a
word about undergarments or a blouse, so I hadn't put any of those items on. The
skirt and jacket were far from conservative, but covered me well enough.

I had the chauffer's cap in my hand. The picnic basket was packed and ready. I
bathed Chiot with the garden hose just yesterday. I'd seen to it personally. So
even that wasn't something I'd forgotten.

I realized I'd been twirling my hair around my index finger in frustration and
closed my eyes. I needed a few more moments to think. I had to clear my head
from the pleasure I derived from being told what to do. I had to separate myself
from the lust that being a simple servant brought to me. I took a deep breath
and decided to try and calm myself.

Then I heard the door from the garage shut and knew Mistress Loren was on her
way. My pulse quickened. I was instantly afraid. I lowered my gaze to the floor
as I heard her shoes clicking on the hardwood floor. When I knew she was
directly behind me I opened my mouth to ask permission to speak, but she cut me
off.

"Do you know what you've forgotten yet?" She asked. Impatience dripped from
every syllable.

"No Mistress." I answered truthfully, "I honestly haven't a clue. Please forgive
me. I..."

"Stop apologizing!" Mistress all but yelled, "I don't want to hear how sorry you
are. I want to hear how you're going to remedy the problem." Mistress paused for
a moment, then cleared her throat. "Now, pet."

"Yes Mistress," I stammered, "I... I don't know how... I..." Then I dropped to
the floor. I kissed Mistress' shoes many times. Between kisses I begged to know
what I'd done wrong and how I could correct my mistake.

"That's better." Mistress chided, "At least you've admitted a mistake, unlike
when I first came into the garage."

I swallowed hard. Mistress had noticed my earlier arrogance. I chastised myself
anew. Of course she noticed. She's the epitome of perception. On top of that,
she knows me well. She probably even knows, without having to look, that I hid a
dessert for her and Chiot in the picnic basket.

For a moment I wondered if that was what she could be referring to. Perhaps she
really does know of the cookies and bell pepper. Then I remembered Mistress'
words. She said that I'd forgotten something, not that I'd loaded contraband
into the car.

How fantastic. I did something stupid and made Mistress upset. I'm going to be
in even more trouble when she finds out that I packed things she didn't specify.
But what had I forgotten?

"Stand up pet." Mistress commanded, interrupting my frantic thoughts.

"Yes Mistress." I replied, even as I was rising from the ground.

"Turn around and face the mirror."

"Yes Mistress." I did as she told me.

"Good girl. One step at a time. Now..." Mistress reached around me and grabbed
the collar's loop that was fastened around my neck and it all became clear.
"What is this?"

And then I knew.

"It's a collar Mistress." I replied. I wasn't supposed to wear a collar outside
of the house. How stupid of me!

"And why were you going to wear it out of the house?"

"Because I'm a forgetful slut Mistress."

"Isn't that the truth!" Mistress sighed. "Now take it off and hang it up
properly in the closet. We're going for a drive. You're going to throw frisbee
with Chiot in the park while I relax in the sun. We're going to have a fun
afternoon. "

I breathed a sigh of relief. "Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress." I spun, knelt,
and was about to kiss her shoes when Mistress spoke again.

"I'll deal with your punishment when we get home."




Picnic - Part II

Mistress seemed pleased when I produced a hair tie for her from my jacket
pocket. She smiled, held up a hair tie of her own. "I did not want to take the
chance that you'd forgotten this too." She said sarcastically. I blanched and
nodded.

I was directed to drive a route that consisted of very few main roads. I knew it
was so that the car would continuously move. She hated being stuck in traffic.
What's more, with the convertible top down we would stay cooler.

I was grateful for the sunscreen that Mistress allowed me to keep in the glove
compartment. Ra was in his midsummer glory and I burn easily. I was also
thankful that Mistress instructed me to put my hair up in a tight bun, even
though I knew it was not just because it kept the hair from my eyes. The
chauffeur's hat was held to my head by hairpins and those hairpins needed my
hair tight so they would stay in place.

Mistress usually drove herself. On warm, sunny days when she put the convertible
top down, Mistress often had me hold her hair back. She knew that I did not
particularly like to drive. In fact, I did not like being in cars at all.
However, providing a service tends to bring things out in me. Knowing that a
Domme finds my actions to be convenient goes a long way to relieving any
discomfort I may have when faced with one project or another.

Mistress knew. We'd had numerous discussions on the topic. She even had me write
an essay or two for her about it. I was very glad that she used that knowledge
to her advantage.

All of those thoughts went through my head as we drove to an oceanside park. It
was a place that Mistress visited frequently. She loved to lounge in the sun,
tan, and relax. Her skin well tanned as a result. It was something that provided
a secret pleasure for me. Tracing her tan lines with my fingertips while
dressing or undressing Mistress was bliss. Tracing many of those same white
lines with my tongue while pleasuring her was heaven itself.

I was shaken from my thoughts by Mistress' ruby index fingernail tracing up my
thigh. I squirmed a bit and did my best to keep my concentration on driving.
However, I began squirming a bit as her sharp nail drew circles slowly up my
thigh toward the hem of my skirt.

"Tell me pet..." Mistress trailed off.

"Yes Mi... Yes Loren?" I caught myself just before calling her 'Mistress.' It
was a term that was only to be used in her home and other spaces deemed safe for
open D/s. Ms Loren did not say anything about my slip though. She merely paused,
raised an eyebrow from behind her sunglasses, and continued.

"Are you wearing panties?" She asked as her fingertip disappeared under my
skirt. I glanced down momentarily and saw faint red lines where her nail pressed
into my skin. I felt myself begin to get wet.

"No Loren, I..." I said, and swallowed hard as her sharp fingertips brushed
against my sex, "Your instructions did not include undergarments.

"Very good." Mistress' finger slid between the lips of my pussy and I thought I
would scream. It was increasingly difficult to maintain my focus on the road. I
gripped the steering wheel harder and harder as Mistress only laughed and
explored. I cried out when her finger found my clit and began rubbing it in
circles.

My head swam. I felt my knees shaking. I was so very glad there weren't any
other cars coming until suddenly there was one. I saw it round a curve ahead. I
became scared and tapped the brake lightly to carefully slow us just a bit.

"Loren, please, I can't... I can't drive like this. Please Loren it feels so
good but I do not think it's safe. There's a car coming. Please Loren...
yellow."

Her hand then rested on my thigh, still under my skirt. I breathed a sigh of
relief as she stroked the flesh there. "Good girl." She reassured me as the car
passed us safely and we continued on, "I'm very proud of you for using a
safeword when you thought things were unsafe." As if in agreement, Chiot yapped
softly in the back seat... though I'm sure he merely vocalized his perception of
a slight change in speed.

The park's several car lots were surprisingly empty for such a warm summer day.
I found a space very near the restroom and picnic tables and was about to
comment on having the park to ourselves when another car pulled in beside us. I
smiled at them as I walked around Mistress' small, blue convertible.

They were a family of four. The father stepped from the driver's seat and opened
the back door of their not so mini-van and let two children out of their
confinement. The mother gracefully slipped from her perch in the passenger seat
and returned my smile.

Then her look turned to slight confusion as she noticed me opening Mistress'
door. At least, I think her look was confusion. Perhaps it was envy. I wondered
for a moment what could be swimming behind her green eyes. The mother was
beautiful and proud but her husband was not opening her door!

Mistress' voice pulled me back to reality. "Unhook Chiot's leash from the seat
belt and hand it to me." I turned my head to see Mistress standing just behind
me. She'd already exited the car while the mother and I stared at each other.
Mistress held a book in one hand and her other was outstretched, palm up. "Then,
I want you to retrieve the picnic basket. Fill Chiot's water dish from the water
fountain near the restroom and meet me at one of the picnic tables."

"Yes Loren." I replied. I tilted the passenger seat forward and released a very
anxious Chiot from his restraint. He was very happy to follow Mistress as she
held his leash. They vanished behind the restrooms and into the picnic area as I
opened the trunk of the car.

Curious, I looked around for the green eyed mother. The family had long since
left the parking area. I only caught a glimpse of her white t-shirt as the
family disappeared into the park.

The water from the fountain was very cold. I took some for myself with a few
laps of my tongue. I remembered that Chiot did not seem to like his water too
cold. I thought briefly that perhaps I should fill it from the bathroom sink,
which probably had warm water, but dismissed the thought. Mistress had told me
to fill his dish from the water fountain. Besides, it would warm quickly in the
summer heat.

The high heels of my shoes clicked on the concrete patio until I reached the
gravel path leading to the picnic area. It was difficult to carry the basket and
maintain my balance on gravel, but I managed until I was within Mistress' sight.
Once she looked up, she giggled a bit. She opened her mouth as if to speak but
then closed it again.

I wondered if she thought of allowing me to take off my shoes and walk in the
grass instead of on the gravel path. If that were so, she must have thought
better of it. I asked myself why she would change her mind about something like
that. I was following her instructions. I was carrying lunch for the three of
us, Chiot included. Wouldn't it be in her best interests to have me comfortable
or at least stable while I carried the picnic basket?

Then I remembered my earlier folly with her collar. I'd nearly worn it outside
of the house. No doubt Mistress would have dismissed any feelings of wanting to
provide me with an easier time in light of my mistake.

I noticed that Chiot was sniffing around a nearby tree. I imagine he'd just
marked it or was trying to discern other dogs who'd been there before him...
perhaps both. I grinned and whistled for him.

His head came up immediately and he bounded off in my direction. I smiled as I
reached the picnic table where Mistress sat and lowered his water dish to the
ground. I barely released it before he lapped at the cool liquid. The
temperature did not seem to bother him a bit. I was glad.

Mistress had chosen a picnic table in the shade, which surprised me. I did not
dare question her choice but I wondered why she was not in the sun. For that
matter, I wondered why she didn't have me bring her bikini. It seemed odd to be
at the park and see Mistress fully clothed.

I was allowed me to take off my shoes to play with Chiot. Normally I was to
stand on my toes when still and barefoot. Doing so stretched my calves, which
Mistress found alluring. But Mistress was also gracious enough to tell me not to
stand on my toes. I was very thankful.

I was also instructed not to allow Chiot to wander off. The park bordered the
ocean and he loved going in the water. Mistress mentioned that she was not sure
we'd be staying long enough for him to dry if he got wet. I was to make sure
Chiot did not go in the water today.

The grass felt cool on my bare feet as I padded toward an open space in the
park, several meters from the picnic table where Mistress sat but still within
her sight, and carried the frisbee. I could still make out Mistress' long blonde
hair. It swayed in the slight breeze. I could also clearly see her lovely shape.
Her hips curved in the most delicious way.

Chiot interrupted my voyeurisim with the touch of his wet nose against my leg. I
squealed and chased him for some time, patting his bum when I caught him. We
played like that for easily twenty minutes. He seemed to love it.

Then I picked up the frisbee and the tables turned. Suddenly, I was running from
him. I did not give much chase. He bounded at my side the entire time. He was a
smart dog and clearly knew what the frisbee meant... and well he should. There
was a myriad of tiny holes in that very frisbee from his sharp teeth. It was a
game we often played.

As soon as I thought we'd gone far enough away so as not to disturb Mistress, I
lifted the frisbee over my head. Chiot's attention was immediately mine. He
stood on his hind legs and yapped once. I giggled with pleasure and then tossed
the frisbee gently away.

The pup bounded after the spinning disc and caught up with it just before it
touched the ground. He wrestled with the frisbee for a bit, then seemed
satisfied that it was indeed dead. He trotted triumphantly to me and sat the
frisbee at my feet. I then promptly wiped the dog slobber from the disc onto the
grass and we repeated the process.

We did so for nearly an hour before Mistress joined us. Hearing her laugh while
she and I tossed the frisbee back and forth was wonderful. Watching Chiot bound
back and forth between us, chasing the frisbee, was also quite comical. We all
three played together for a while until Mistress said that we'd had enough.

At that, I waited for Chiot to bring the frisbee to me, then carried it back to
the picnic table. Chiot seemed tired and I was also exhausted. I wondered why
for a moment until I remembered that I'd risen early in order to prepare for
today's picnic. Not that I knew the reason I was to get up early on a Sunday
morning. Mistress had kept our plans a secret until we were ready to leave.
She'd kept me guessing.

"He looks very, very happy but also tired." Mistress said as we neared the
picnic table we claimed earlier.

"Yes Loren," I replied, inwardly still reveling at Mistress' laughter, "I was
thinking of asking to stop soon anyway. I'm also rather exhausted."

"Yes," Mistress said, nodded her head and petting my hair, "I could see that
too. I want you to give Chiot a little water. Then sit here beside me and have
some yourself."

"Yes Loren. Thank you." I said, then reached for Chiot's bowl beneath the table.
He followed me to the water fountain and then back to the table with his tongue
out and panting. He seemed quite grateful when I once again put the bowl down
under the picnic table.

Chiot sat behind Mistress while we ate. Occasionally he whimpered and begged but
Mistress waved him off, insisting that he eat his own food. Then she would grin
at the futility of it and go back to her meal. That happened several times until
Chiot approached the picnic basket at the edge of the table. He sniffed it for a
while, then nudged it with his nose.

Mistress sighed deeply then said, "I do not think he's going to eat until we're
finished."

"I think you're correct Ms Loren." I replied. Then I remembered the bell pepper
in the basket. "Ms Loren?"

"Yes?" Mistress asked with raised eyebrows.

"I brought a pepper for Chiot. I think that he smells it. Perhaps he will eat
some of his food once the pepper is gone. May I please feed it to him?"

Mistress stared at me for a long moment and drummed her fingertips on the wooden
table top. I shrunk down in my seat. Was she upset that I'd brought a pepper for
Chiot?

"You sneaky minx." Mistress finally said after a sip of water, "Very well, give
him half the pepper. Set it by his dish. Then you're going to tell me what other
surprises are in that basket."

I blushed. She knew. She hadn't looked in the basket. She did not need to. She
already knew there was another treat and that it was for her. Had she guessed
exactly what it was? It would not be a difficult thing to discern. I made
chocolate chip cookies just two nights prior.

"Yes Loren." I said, then opened the picnic basket. Chiot seemed immediately
overjoyed. He spun himself in circles and caused Mistress to laugh. I smiled
wide as I sliced the pepper open and disposed of the seeds. I cut half of the
pepper into thin strips and placed them in Chiot's bowl. It  was not an easy
task considering that the dog was all over me. I put the second half in a ziploc
bag and eased it back into the basket.

Then I pulled the bag containing three chocolate chip cookies from the basket. I
held them up and Mistress nodded. "Is that all? There aren't any other
surprises?" She asked.

"No Loren, I hope you're not upset." I responded, and slipped the cookies back
into the basket. Then I assured the lid would stay shut.

"Good." Mistress said, "I do not like surprises. I also do not appreciate you
trying to make me fat... though I do not think a few cookies will hurt." She was
smiling. I was relieved.

"Thank you." I said, and sat back down on the wooden bench opposite her.

As I'd hoped, we talked of politics and other current events. I was to stay
abreast of a small list of general topics that interested Mistress for just such
occasions. I was elated to speak with Mistress as a near equal for a time. I
even took a side in an argument that I normally admonish just so I could debate
the issue with her a bit.

We continued the debate after we finished our meal. I cleared the table of the
paper plates and replaced the water bottles with warm cups of tea from a
thermos. I also put the cookies on a plate between us. I ate one and left the
remaining two for Mistress. I think that she was so wrapped up in our
conversation that she scarce realized she'd eaten the two cookies. I enjoyed
myself immensely, and I think Mistress did as well.

When the debate was over Mistress patted the seat next to her. I leapt at the
opportunity. I rounded the table quietly, so as not to wake Chiot sleeping under
the picnic table. He'd been there since we started our politics conversation. I
made a joke about our discussion boring him to sleep as I sat next to Mistress.

She smiled and then patted her thighs. "You look exhausted pet," She said, "Lay
your head in my lap like a good girl for a while."

"Thank you Ms Loren!" I said and curled up on the bench. It was not the most
comfortable thing in the world, but I didn't care. I was in Mistress' lap!

Mistress then picked up her book. She read with one hand and petted my hair with
the other. Surprisingly, I drifted off to sleep fairly easily.

The wedding was splendid. Mistress and I sat on the groom's side of the church
and watched as a man and woman were sworn to each other. I did not know either
the bride or the groom, but recognized a few members of the groom's party. They
were Mistress' friends from a bar where she occasionally had drinks. Seeing the
familiar faces made me smile, though I was confused as to why every single
person was wearing white. Even the groom and best man were dressed in colorless
clothing.

The drive to the rented ballroom was uneventful. I held Mistress' hair back from
her face and caught several smiles from her as we discussed the finer points and
failures of organized religion. It was only when we entered the enormous
mansion, situated high in the hills, that I realized we were differently
dressed.

Mistress' long blonde hair fell free past her shoulders. Everyone else milling
about us kept their hair up in some fashion. The gentleman who acted as valet
wore his hair in a tight top knot high at the back of his head. Every one of the
white clad guests also either had short cropped hair or wore theirs in
ponytails, pigtails, a bun, or a twist. Even my hair was in a tight braid
between my shoulder blades.

A strappy red dress hung from Mistress' shoulders and tightly covered her
sensual curves. The dress dipped enough in the front to give a not-so-subtle
hint of her cleavage. An ample portion of her back was also exposed. The dress
flared a bit for her hips, but then was tight again around her thighs and
calves. A slit up one side extended to her lower thigh. I thought that slit
might drive me insane.

Her shoes were red high heeled pumps. Her stockings were also red. Red
opera-length gloves covered her hands and nearly all of her arms. Even Mistress'
purse was seemingly dyed to match her other red attire. Naturally, her lips were
painted bright red to match.

My clothing, on the other hand, was all a very dark green. It was not just green
like the leaves of a tree. It was more of a hunter green... a British racing
green. In the dark it would have seemed almost black.

My skirt was short. It barely fell to the middle of my thighs. My legs were
bare. I wore strappy, high-heeled sandals with a bit of a platform. The
spaghetti strapped camisole I wore was almost sheer enough to allow my nipples
to be seen, but not quite. I was not wearing a bra or pair of panties.

Mistress' purse was large when compared to the tiny thing I carried on a slight
strap over my shoulder. Mine was barely enough to hold my make-up compact and
dark green lipstick. Hers could comfortably fit a paperback book but little
else. Yet, when I saw it, I had the sense that something very important was
contained inside.

The party was spectacular. The bride and groom were, of course, the center of
attention. Various toasts were made and caused Mistress to roll her eyes. After
a while the toasts and compliments were so full of hallmark card sentiment that
I was also jaded.

I was honored when Mistress danced with me almost the entire evening. It was
wonderful to waltz with her. She even let me lead during the salsa and swing
numbers. It was exhilarating!

Occasionally others would wish to dance with Mistress, at which point I would
sit down for a few moments or find a piece of cake or a glass of ginger ale.
During one such interlude I managed to find one of the catering staff and
produce a glass of dark red wine for Mistress, about which she was particularly
pleased.

Every now and again other would wish to dance with me as well. When someone
tapped on her shoulder Mistress would look into my eyes. Every single time I
shook my head back and forth, saying no. I was extremely grateful when Mistress
then waved them off with one crimson clad hand.

After a while there was a call for all the single women. The bride was about to
throw her bouquet. Mistress again rolled her eyes and said she had a better idea
for an after wedding game. She led me by my hand to the coat closet. There, she
bribed the coat-check girl to put up a sign saying she'd be back in half an hour
and leave. Mistress closed the doors and locked them once we were in the coat
closet alone. Then she turned to me with a sharks' smile.

At first I thought that Mistress wanted to make love in the coat room. I thought
that a horrible cliche but any opportunity to lap at Mistress' sex was a good
one. Then she pointed toward a coat rack along the wall. I walked to it and
stood there, puzzled. What did Mistress have in mind?

She vanished while I stood against the wall. There was a rustling amongst many
of the coats. Then she appeared carrying two coat belts. One was soft white
suede. The other was even softer white cashmere.

"Turn around." Was Mistress' only command. I blinked, still confused, but did as
she asked. It was only when Mistress placed my hands over the bar of the well
supported wall coat rack that I understood. Mistress bound me to it!

She did a superb job tying my wrists to the coat rack. I couldn't move them
except to twist slightly. Yet I could flex my fingers with ease and didn't feel
any numbness at all. I briefly wondered if Mistress chose the soft belts for
exactly that purpose.

Once I was bound, I heard more rustling behind me. Then I noticed a pool of red
form at my right. I saw it in my peripheral vision. When I turned my head a bit
to look, I saw Mistress' dress and gloves next to me on the floor. A bright red,
satin thong followed suit.

I heard the sound of buckles and Mistress moaned slightly. Then my skirt was
lifted so that it was bunched around my waist. Mistress' hands slid up the front
of my camisole to caress my breasts. I heard a slight snickering when she found
my nipples to be quite hard.

"Thrust your ass toward me slut." Mistress whispered in my ear as her claws
gently raked my skin. The red nails traced down from my breasts, across my
torso, and around my hips.

"Yes Loren." I voiced before pushing my hips back toward her. Then I gasped. My
sex touched something hard.

Mistress snickered again, louder this time. "Did that scare you pet?" She asked,
"I'm sure you can guess what it is. Do you want it?"

"Yes Loren! Please Loren!" I moaned, "Yes please... please I want it so badly
right now. Please fuck me with your strap-op. Please!"

"Ah... that's better." Mistress cooed in my ear, "You've been such a prim and
proper thing all night. I was becoming bored. I had to find some way to get a
glimpse of my sweet little slut. I knew she was in there, just waiting to get
out and have a good time."

"Yes Loren." I whined, and ground my hips backwards, causing the tip of her
dildo to part my lips. I whined even more when she pushed it into me, slowly.
"Yes Ms Loren! You are so very right! Please, please fuck me. Please Ms Loren, I
want it so much!"

Then I heard the jingling of another buckle. I was confused for a moment,
thinking Mistress was removing the dildo harness. I opened my mouth to protest
when Mistress' favorite gag was lifted over my head and fitted securely in my
mouth. The dildo filled me completely from behind just as the gag was tightened
around the sides of my head. I thought I might explode right there by
spontaneous combustion.

"There now," Mistress all but giggled, "We can have all the fun we want and no
one will hear a thing." I began to nod in response but Mistress grasped the
gag's straps and held tight. She used the straps and another hand around my
waist to hold me in place while she slid the dildo in and out of me with thrusts
from her hips.

I moaned and tried to cry out in pleasure, but the gag blocked almost all sound
from me. My head swam as Mistress pounded the dildo into me over and over again.
She occasionally patted my clit and laughed wickedly when she heard my muffled
screams. When she finally increased the pace until I orgasmed, it was powerful
and completely overwhelming. In fact, when I opened my eyes Mistress was in
front of me.

I hung by the bonds she'd used to tie me to the rack. My knees were bent and it
seemed to take a great deal of effort to place my feet underneath me and support
my own weight again. However, I did so at Mistress' instructions. She needed me
to stand so she could release my bonds. She had other plans.

Mistress spun me around once I was free and had me kneel in front of her. She
leaned forward and somehow removed only the ball from the gag. The straps
remained in place. I marveled at that. I couldn't believe it. How did she do it?
I was about to ask when a gigantic red dildo, still in Mistress' black dildo
harness and wagging in front of Mistress, was presented to me. "Lick your scent
from the dildo like a good little slut. Make a show of it too. Beg me with your
eyes to fuck your throat."

I nodded and ran my tongue the length of the silicone dildo. I loved to taste
myself, and doing so on Mistress' dildos was always so wonderful. I took the
head of the dildo in my mouth, then deeper down my throat and blushed. I felt my
own wetness creeping down my thighs.

After licking and sucking the dildo for at least five minutes, taking the entire
length in my mouth and down my throat, Mistress said it was enough. She pulled
me by my hair toward a table and climbed upon it. She wriggled out of the
harness and removed the dildo, then sat up and beckoned me closer with one
finger. When I approached, she attached the big red dildo to my gag so it stuck
out from my mouth and wagged there. I smiled beneath the silicone and leather. I
knew what was next, and I loved it more than almost anything.

Mistress pulled me onto the table and lay back completely. She positioned me
between her thighs and told me to fill her. I arched my back so my bum was in
the air, made sure my ankles were crossed right over left, and gently positioned
the tip of the dildo at Mistress' pussy. She was so very wet, it wasn't
difficult to slide it into her. I did it so very slowly.

She whimpered and ground her sex against my face while I moved the dildo in and
out of her as best I could. She climaxed after only a few moments. I blushed a
bit because she was very, very loud but in truth I didn't care. I slowly
withdrew the dildo from her and knelt between her legs. I turned my head to the
side, so the dildo wasn't touching her, and lay my head on her stomach. i also
wrapped my arms around her hips, holding her tight. I sat there and closed my
eyes... loving the moment and waiting for instructions.

Someone knocked on the door. A voice sounded from the other side, asking if
everyone inside was all right. Mistress laughed aloud at that and replied that
yes, we were fine. I blushed considerably when she removed the gag and dildo
from my head. I knew that my hair must have been a mess. I also knew that
everyone outside of that door would know what we'd been doing... well... not
exactly, but close enough. I was very embarrassed.

Then I heard an impact. I lifted my head with a start, ready to lash out. I
expected that someone had burst open the door with my Mistress still nude on the
table. I couldn't allow that to happen.

However, when I looked around I realized that I was lying on a picnic table. I
heard giggling and saw a little boy running toward me. I looked up and saw
Mistress' smiling face. "Sleep well?" She asked.

I sat up, kissing Mistress' lap as I lifted my head from her thighs, and
realized that a basketball was beneath the picnic table. I reached under the
bench and handed the ball to the waiting little boy. He seemed suddenly shy,
said, "Thank you" very quickly, and ran off.

When I turned back to Mistress, she was already gathering her book and purse.
She told me to prepare the picnic basket while she saw to Chiot. "It's time to
go home." She said.




The drive home was mostly uneventful. Mistress slid her hand along the length of
my thigh a few times, but didn't play with me near so much as she had during the
drive to the park. And though my eyes and hands carefully navigated the streets,
my mind was focused on her.

Was she purposefully neglecting me? Did she want to work my passions up while
waiting to arrive home? That seemed like something she would do.

Was she punishing me for falling asleep during the picnic and not seeing to her
each and every need? That, however, didn't sound like Mistress at all. She was a
very strong willed and independent woman. Yes, she liked to be pampered, but she
could easily do for herself as well.

Perhaps she was holding back for her own sake. I knew I was to be punished when
we arrived home. Perhaps she needed to make sure she didn't see me in a light
that made that punishment difficult. Perhaps she didn't want to have to stuff
her own desires away, deep inside her to punish me, then bring those desires
back out when we were finished.

I eventually settled on the assumption that restricting her touch was part of
the punishment. That made perfect sense. She often allowed my hands to roam just
a bit when dressing her. The only time that was forbidden was when I was in
trouble. Perhaps the drive with only her fingertips upon me a few times was
another version.

Of course, I had to wait until we arrived home to find out. It seemed like
Mistress had me stop at every other gas station for some reason or another. I
heard, "The temperature gage seems a bit high pet. Pull over and be sure the car
has enough oil." and "Do we have matches to light candles? We should stop to get
some." and "Chiot's panting in the back seat. I'd like you to offer him a bit of
water. Pull over here and get his dish from the trunk." and several others. I
was sure she was up to something.

Mistress took Chiot by his leash. He bounded from the back seat of the car
quickly enough. I think he was eager to get into the back yard. I imagine he had
to use the bathroom rather badly after several stops during the ride home to
drink water.

"Clean things up here," Mistress ordered in a soft voice. Most of her attention
was focused on Chiot and keeping him from leaping up and placing his paws all
over her clothes. "I'll see that our puppy is let into the back yard."

I voiced compliance. Then I emptied the trunk of the picnic items. The basket
was mostly empty. All that remained were a few dishes. They were set into the
dish washing machine. I used a towel to wipe out the basket itself. I returned
the newspaper and Mistress' book to her study. Then I returned to the garage.

I was vacuuming the back seat of Mistress' car when Mistress returned. I didn't
hear her approach. Her touch startled me and I think my yelp startled her in
turn. She seemed pleased though. At least her smile was quite bright.

"Why do you make it so difficult to punish you, pet?" She asked, "I'll admit
that I'm a bit quick to anger, but rightly so when my submissive disregards my
preferences or is as forgetful as you can be at times."

I swallowed and stared at the concrete floor. The summer heat created stifling
air and even my slight exertions vacuuming had brought me to a bit of a sweat.
No matter, I was asked a question. And so I answered.

"Please forgive me." I responded, "I don't have an answer Mistress. But may I
please speak otherwise?"

Mistress shot me a knowing glance. "No." She said flatly, "I've a good idea what
you'd say. You'd tell me that you don't intentionally make it difficult for me
to punish you. Isn't that right pet?" I nodded keeping my gaze on the concrete
floor. "Except for certain times."

I looked up at that. "What..." I began, then thought better of it. "May I please
know of what you meant by that last bit Mistress?"

Ms L smirked. "I think that YOU need to tell ME what I meant by that last
remark."

I blinked. I opened my mouth to reply. Then I quickly shut it. I knew that I'd
best think before I replied to something like that.

Except for certain times? What did she mean, that I somehow purposefully made
punishing me unpleasant? How on Earth would I do that even if I wished it?

I couldn't think of a single instance when that was the case. On the contrary, I
did my best to make it interesting for Mistress... not that I had to try hard. I
tried to present a nice target when I was spanked. I arched my back and thrust
my bum in the air. I even tried to keep myself from wailing or crying, though my
control over those things rarely lasted long.

I looked up at Mistress' collar bones questioningly. I saw her bat her eyelashes
and then I understood. I blushed... hot and scarlet. "Yes Mistress," I said, "I
often try to look as cute as I may or play to your sense of humor."

She nodded and took a few steps out of the garage. "Have you finished in here
yet?"

"No Mistress," I replied, "I've not yet finished." She nodded, then left the
garage. I breathed a deep sigh.

Tidying the rest of the car and garage wasn't difficult. A quick oil check, a
little protective spray on the dash, wiping off the floor mats, and securing the
convertible top in its place over the car in the event it rained in the near
future didn't take much time at all. I was back in the house with Chiot waiting
at his food dish in what seemed like only ten minutes.

I checked the clock. My tasks had actually taken twelve minutes. I shrugged. It
was almost time to feed Chiot, but not quite. I walked off through the house, my
heels clicking on the hardwood floor as I went.

I found Mistress in her study once more. Her pencil was flying furiously with a
look of concentration upon her face. I knelt just inside the door and waited to
be recognized. Chiot followed me in and tried to lick my face. I shuddered and
must have said something along the line of, "Eeeewww!" because Mistress glanced
up quickly. Her face was a scowl.

"Aren't you in enough trouble?" She asked, then waved off my attempt to answer.
"What is it pet, and be quick about it?"

"Yes Mistress." I answered. I petted the panting dog and tried to reassure him
that it wasn't anything personal... I'm not fond of dog slobber... at all. "May
I please feed Chiot a little early tonight and then begin dinner for the two of
us?"

Mistress cocked her head to one side for a moment. She looked at Chiot and then
at me. "No," She answered, "I'm not hungry at the moment. You packed a large
lunch pet. And I'd rather Chiot kept to his schedule." Mistress smirked. "You
spoil him enough already."

I nodded and petted Chiot once more. "Yes Mistress." I replied. Then I turned
and left the study. Chiot followed at my heels.

"Pet?" Mistress called after me.

I poked my head back into the room. She beckoned me with one finger. So I
pranced into the center of the room and stood with my feet together and my hands
behind my back, with my wrists crossed right over left.

"Yes Mistress?" Her pencil was poised again but it seemed she was reading
something. She replied without looking up from the text.

"I'm in the middle of something pet." Mistress instructed, "I don't want to be
bothered with trivial matters. Make decisions as best you can. Do you
understand?"

"Yes Mistress, quite well."

"Good. Now, I must finish what I'm doing. I'm sure you've chores to do. Not to
mention that I imagine Chiot has to use the bathroom again. Let him out into the
back yard if you think he wants to go out."

I curtsied to excuse myself. Mistress nodded and shifted in her chair. She
smiled a bit at me.

The attention worried me. I was in trouble. I knew that much. Yet Mistress was
smiling at me. It seemed disturbing. I could only imagine that she was thinking
of ways to make me pay for my earlier mistakes.

I felt Mistress' eyes bore into my back as I scampered away. I wondered what she
was planning as I walked to the back door.

Chiot followed and began wagging his tail frantically when I put my hand on the
sliding glass door's handle. I took that to mean that he was anxious to be let
back outside. The high fence around the yard assured that he didn't run off into
traffic. It also served to keep curious eyes from viewing what went on in
Mistress' yard.

I shivered as I remembered the last time she punished me outside. The stakes I'd
been lashed to were still in the ground. I was spread with my arms and legs in
an "X" pattern, gagged, and secured. I was nude. The sun was brutal that day.
Mistress' attentions with a flogger later that night hurt twenty times worse.

When I unlocked the sliding glass door and opened it, Chiot bounded out to his
favorite tree. I wasn't surprised that he had to relieve himself after the many
times Mistress had me stop the car on the way home to give him a bowl of water.
I was still unsure why she did that.

I shut the door and locked it. My rear was probably already going to be quite
sore by the end of the day. There was no sense in angering Mistress by wasting
the air conditioning with an door wide open.

I turned to the picnic basket that I unloaded from the car and began putting
things away. I washed the few dirty dishes by hand. The rest was aluminum foil
or plastic wrap. The aluminum foil disappeared into the recycle bin and the
plastic was thrown away. I then wiped the basket itself out and placed it in the
cupboard above the refrigerator.

I went about various other chores as well. All the while I wondered about what
to make for dinner. I thought to try and soften Mistress' mood with food that
she would particularly enjoy.

One of my friends had a black bean burrito recipe that was to die for. I also
had several cookbooks filled with good ideas. Mistress' palate was fairly
particular though.

I still didn't know all of what she liked or didn't. She wouldn't tell me.

Instead, she had me prepare dishes and would either pick them apart, pulling out
the olives or asparagus or she would eat them and comment afterward that it
wasn't to her liking. The latter usually made me rather sad, knowing that I fed
her something she didn't enjoy and that she ate it anyway.

When a few chores were finished, I had made up my mind. I decided I would make
black bean burritos. But first, I knew I had to feed Chiot.

I took off my high-heels and stepped outside. The grass was cool as my feet
swish, swish swished over it on the way to the small tool shed. Chiot perked up
and watched as I crossed the yard, then he bounded after me once I was within a
meter or three of the shed. He knew very well that's where his food was kept. I
had a difficult time keeping him from jumping up on me, but managed with much
maneuvering, a scolding word or six, and finally closing the shed's door behind
me.

I was all but pounced when I exited the shed. I narrowly avoided being knocked
to the ground by leading Chiot away with his full food dish extended as far as
my arms would allow. I thought he would dive into the dish once I was able to
set it on the ground.

His water dish was still in the house. I sat it beside the car while cleaning
up. So I decided to go back, get it, fill it, and leave it next to Chiot's soon
to be emptied food dish. I considered petting Chiot, who usually growls when
Mistress pets him while he eats, but decided against it.

Instead, I turned around to face the house. Chiot's water dish wasn't getting
any closer to him. The sooner I brought it out, the sooner I could prepare
dinner for Mistress. And the sooner Mistress ate, the sooner she would get my
punishment over with... I hoped.

Mistress was standing at the sliding glass door when I looked up. She nodded and
then turned and vanished. It set me aback. What was that about? Was she curious
as to why I'd left the house?

I left the heat of the summer evening behind and reentered the house, I looked
down the hall. The light in Mistress' study was still on. No other lights were.
Had she gone back to her work? I did not dare check. I remembered her
instructions and knew I was not to disturb her.

So I grabbed Chiot's water dish from the garage. I filled it outside by the
water hose and set it next to an empty food dish and a full, and very sleepy
puppy. I was sure he would need the water before long. It seemed rather hot
outside. I made a note to check on him before I went to bed if Mistress allowed
it. I thought that perhaps I could bring him a treat as well.

Going back toward the house, I stopped after a few paces. A flash of inspiration
hit. I guessed that Mistress would want dinner in her study and decided that I
would have to do something to make her meal a little more enjoyable than usual.
After all, it was the weekend.

Mistress' pruning shears were in the tool shed, right where she usually left
them. A quick trip to the flower garden revealed a several roses in full bloom.
Two were to a point that the blossoms would soon fall apart. I knew from a
previous punishment that I was only to pick flowers that were near
disintegration, so the one falling apart that was nearest me became my target. A
quick snip and another trip to the tool shed, and I was on my way back into the
house.

I pulled my friend's recipe for black bean burritos from a box. Mistress liked
me to keep my recipes that weren't bundled within books on note cards and filed
in alphabetical order. She like to leaf through them occasionally, pull one out,
and say, "Here pet. I think I'd like this tonight."

It wasn't a difficult dish. Even the creamed corn on the side and churros for
dessert were relatively easy. But it was a tasty recipe. And Mistress loved it.
That was the important part.

When the last was done, I arranged everything on the large silver tray from
which Mistress liked to eat if she took dinner in her study. I was sure to
include two different beverages. She liked lemonade and ginger ale with the
burritos... and I was rarely sure which she liked more. The rose was laid
alongside the silverware. I pulled off one rose petal and placed it in the
waistband of my panties, hoping it would provide a pleasant surprise later.

I knelt inside the doorway with the tray between both hands and my arms
outstretched. It was difficult to do without making much noise. Mistress hated
noise in her study. Once settled, I glued my gaze to the floor in front of
Mistress' desk and waited.

And waited...

And waited...

Had she seen me? Did she know I was waiting for her? Did she realize that her
food was getting cold? Worse yet, would she punish me because her food was cold?

Should I risk making a small sound? I knew that I could have slid a piece of
silverware upon the tray, cleared my throat, sniffed, or the like. But Mistress
might be angry with me. She already seemed furious.

She had good cause. I had forgotten that my collar was on and nearly left the
house with it around my neck. Most who knew us realized that a power dynamic
existed. But they had no idea that it was far more than who wore the strap-on.
At least I did not think that anyone realized it. I wondered just how many
guessed.

My arms began to droop. I was not strong enough to hold the tray for much
longer. I decided to risk upsetting Mistress, thinking that she would be more
upset by a large stain on her floor than by an interruption. "Mistress?" I all
but whispered.

"Yes pet." She stated. It was not a question. She had only acknowledged me. No
instructions followed. And the tray felt as though it grew heavier by the
second.

Once acknowledged, I felt as though I could speak without drawing much of her
anger. "Mistress, with respect," I asked sheepishly, "May I please serve your
dinner before the food grows cold?"

She gave no answer. Surely dinner was not a trivial matter. She had punished me
several times in the past for dinner related offenses. A few times I had even
become so involved with chores or other things that dinner was late.

Mistress did not like dinner being late. She scolded me rather well each time
that happened. But worse, she refused to eat a late meal. She went hungry that
night and sometimes all of the next day as well to teach me a lesson.

It worked. I was very careful to have dinners prepared in what she considered a
timely fashion. Which is why I was so shocked that she just had me kneel in the
study with her food. Was she only trying to make me nervous or was she really so
engrossed in what she was doing? I guessed that it was a little of both.

The tray continued to seem heavier and heavier. Mistress insisted that I hold
things for her in a specific manner... with my arms outstretched. Perhaps it was
so that at moments such as that one she could have me hold still and worry about
spilling food everywhere.

She sighed and simply I could not resist. I looked up for a moment. to find that
she removed her slim framed eyeglasses, and was massaging the bridge of her
nose. The bright red of her fingernails was a striking contrast to her tanned
skin and blond hair. I forced myself to look away and put my gaze upon the floor
again.

Did she have a headache? "Would you like..." I whispered, intend on offering a
neck massage. But she cut me off.

"Be. Quiet." Her words cut the air with an edge that frightened me.

What had happened? Yes, I was a bad girl earlier in the day. I nearly made a
rather grave mistake. But I'd been good since. Had I not?

I swallowed and held as still as possible. My arms could well fall off before I
dropped the tray... which, it seemed, just might have been Mistress' plan.

Though I had a general sense of things by way of peripheral vision, I did not
dare look up at Mistress again. I only knew that she did not move from the desk.
I think she sat still for a while. I do not know for how long, but it seemed
several minutes.

Finally, when my arms began to fail and I feared that dinner would surely spill
onto the floor, Mistress got up. She took the tray without a word and
disappeared out the door. I heard her heels clicking down the hallway.

That registered in my mind with a searing thought. She had not taken off her
boots. She wore her boots inside usually only when she had a scene planned. I
knew I was to be punished, but... if her boots were still on then it would an
intricate thing. Was that what she was working on while I did chores and cooked?

I also panicked quietly. Mistress had taken the tray upon which I had arranged
her dinner. I expected her to take it in the study, as she usually did during
the week when she had paperwork to finish. But she had taken it. Should I stay
where I was? I was not ordered to move. Or should I follow her to set the table.

Or was she going to the dining room at all? Perhaps she was angry with what I
had prepared. Maybe she sensed that I was trying to soften her a bit with
Mexican cuisine and was upset by the idea. She could have been in the kitchen at
that very moment discarding dinner to then have me start over.

Or she could be waiting with the tray in her hands, expecting me to lay out
table settings. We usually ate together during the weekends. Friday nights were
a given. We always planned to eat together then. The rest of the weekend had
sort of fallen into place behind Friday.

Was Mistress upset that I had brought dinner to her on a tray to be eaten in her
study? Was she so upset to have snapped at me so bitterly? What was I to do?

I had all but decided to follow her when I heard my name called. More grateful
than I had been almost all day to hear her speak, I rose from the floor. My
knees hurt from kneeling so long. It was difficult to walk, but I managed. I
hoped Mistress would excuse my gracelessness until my legs decided to regain
proper function.

I paused at the study's doorway. "Mistress?" I called out. I hoped her voice
would come from the left. The dining room was to the left. That would most
likely mean that she wanted dinner in the dining room.

The kitchen was down the hall to the right. If she spoke to me from the kitchen
then I was likely in BIG trouble. She'd probably been upset by the fact that I
tried to soften her mood with a meal that I knew she would enjoy. If that were
the case, then I'd be lucky if she let me make another meal for her. Most likely
she wouldn't eat at all and I'd have to know that she went hungry for the entire
night. And I hated that.

A few seconds passed and I didn't hear her voice. I hadn't imagined that she
called my name, had I? Then I heard noises from the dining room. Chiot wasn't in
the house so that meant it was probably Mistress, and it sounded as though she
were moving something.

"Mistress?" I called out as I turned left and nearly stumbled down the hall. My
knees still ached. It would be a few more minutes before I could walk normally
again.

"In here pet." Mistress said, just as I entered the dining room. She was moving
chairs away from the table, which puzzled me. "Ah, there you are. I want you to
take off all your clothes while I finish."

I said that I would, and began disrobing immediately. Piece by piece my cleaning
uniform was neatly stacked on one of the chairs that now lined the walls of the
dining room. I was careful to catch the rose petal and fold it away inside my
panties. Perhaps I could still surprise Mistress with it. I watched Mistress
clear the table of the table cloth and candle holders as I did.

Mistress disappeared down the hallway toward the study just as I was slipping
out of my thigh-high stockings. I was fully nude a moment later. When I heard no
sound to indicate that she was rapidly returning, I stood on my tip-toes with my
hands behind my back. My wrists were crossed over each other... right over left.
My gaze was glued to the floor.

I didn't have long to wait. I soon heard a jingling sound drawing near and saw
Mistress enter the room in my peripheral vision. She carried a small box. It was
left on the table.

I whimpered when Mistress stepped in front of me. She her lips held a smirk. Her
hands held her favorite ball gag.

"Hold still." She ordered. I did while she expertly wrapped the strap of leather
holding the rubber ball around my head. The strap was threaded under my hair and
I shivered when I felt my hair fall back onto my shoulders after being released
from her hands. It felt electrically charged somehow.

The rubber ball filled the front of my mouth. It pried my jaws wide and left no
room for me even to breathe. Mistress cinched the strap down behind my neck.
Then I heard a click. She even locked it! I whimpered involuntarily.

"On the table." Mistress then ordered. I nodded to state my compliance, then
turned my back to the sturdy, wooden piece of furniture. My hands each found the
edge of the table beside me. I half hopped, half pulled myself up onto the flat
surface and sat my rear end on the edge.

Mistress pointed to the center of the table. Again I nodded. If she wanted me in
the middle of the table, she would have me in the middle of the table.

The dining room tabletop was cool to the touch. I began to shiver just a bit as
I rolled and crawled to the center of it. I remembered wishing to ask Mistress
if I could turn the air conditioning off or down a little. Now I didn't have a
chance. The gag was strapped around my head too tightly.

When I reached the center of the table I stopped. "On your back." Mistress
directed. I whimpered but complied.

The table seemed even colder once so much of my bare skin touched it. My teeth
would have chattered if they weren't separated by a fist-sized, purple rubber
ball on a leather strap. I rubbed my arms in an attempt to warm them a bit.

"Are you shivering from cold or nervousness?" Mistress asked. I blinked and
briefly wished she had asked a yes or no question. Why did she love to torment
me like that when I was gagged? After a moment of thought, I held up two
fingers.

Mistress smiled. She understood immediately that my answer was that I shivered
from a little fear and due to the fact that I was cold. She quickly stifled the
smile though. Then she nodded. She disappeared for a moment. I hoped that she
would turn the thermostat up and that I wouldn't be further punished because I'd
made her smile... making it "hard to punish me" as she'd said earlier that day.

I heard the slight whoosh of the air conditioning vents cease just before
Mistress returned. She carried a blanket. "I don't want you shivering." She
stated. Then she looked directly into my eyes. "Yet."

Mistress draped the blanket over me. I closed my eyes and bowed my head as best
I could in thanks. If she noticed, she didn't let on. She seemed too busy moving
across the room.

She came back with several lengths of rope. Without a word she took my right
hand and coiled soft nylon around my wrist. Then she positioned my hand so it
was at one corner of the table. Twenty minutes, and several knots later, I was
bound spread eagle on Mistress' dining room table.

Mistress stood over me, looking down and smiled for a brief moment. "I'm going
to enjoy this pet." She stated. Then my world went black. She tied a soft
blindfold into place. Though the gag obscured my mouth, I managed a smile... or
at least something that resembled a smile. The blindfold was the same one we'd
picked up at the corner drugstore a few weeks prior.

And then... nothing. I couldn't hear a thing. I didn't even hear Mistress move
or breathe. It was as though she'd stepped into a mirror, disappeared, and left
me alone.

I waited. What else could I do, bound to a table... gagged and blindfolded
besides? I waited and my anticipation grew.

What would she do to me? I was in a very vulnerable position. Would she hurt me?
Would she tease me relentlessly until my sex not just ached but hurt? Would she
torture my poor little nipples as usual?

A sweet scent filled my nostrils. A desire to struggle against the soft ropes
that held me to her bed grew within me. My eyes blinked involuntarily beneath
the blindfold. They watered despite the darkness. What emitted such a perfume?

I suspected Mistress held the rose blossom I had brought in front of my face.
What else could it be? I knew her perfume. Sweet Mother Earth, if I knew
anything at all it was the smell of her clothes... her skin... her hair... her
sex. The scent was more floral than anything I knew her to wear. Surely it was
the thorned rose. Yet, it was so very overpowering. I could not be certain.

I wanted to know what that scent was, but I quelled the desire to test my bonds.
I knew she would rather I was pliant. I also was well aware that struggling
against her expert knots would be unwise. More than once she fashioned bonds
that tightened when I pushed or pulled. I could quickly find myself without
circulation to my hands or thighs if I wasn't careful. Of course Mistress would
be there to loosen the bonds, especially if I used a safeword, but there would
be a price to pay for struggling and I was in enough trouble.

"I imagine you've guessed what this is pet." Mistress said softly. Her lips
seemed only a few centimeters from my ear. I couldn't feel her breath when she
spoke though. Then I felt something chilly and soft gently touch my left nipple.
I drew in a long breath.

Ice was one of Mistress' favorite torture devices. She knew I worshiped the
season of winter as my chosen goddess but that I also feared the cold. My frame
was small. I weighed very little. I knew that subzero temperatures could kill me
ever so easily. It was oddly comforting and seemed appropriate of a deified time
frame with a set pattern of wondrous weather manifestations.

But what traced one of my breasts and then the other wasn't wet. At least it
didn't leave a trail of cold when she traced first the aureole, then in circles
until the curve of my breast met ribs and sternum. Such a trail of cold would
indicate melting water. Perhaps it was the rose after all.

Or perhaps she only wished me to think it was the rose. Mistress may well have
held the rose to my face then decided to guide a strong blade over my skin. I
shivered at the thought and bit into the ball gag to stifle fear and more than
just a little excitement. It was meant as punishment, after all.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kittenfemme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





