BDSM Library - Punishment




Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: slave disobeys her Master, and is publicly punished.
Punishment

Sitting chatting with her friends, she senses His presence as He enters the
room, His aura unmistakable.  Turning slowly, hesitantly, she rises fluidly to
her feet as she faces Him.  His ice blue eyes meet her gaze, the intensity of
His anger causing her breath to catch in her throat.  Barely able to breathe,
she stammers out a greeting: "Good Evening, Master" Crossing the room to her, in
seemingly an instant, He is suddenly towering over her, looking down at her
fiercely.  Grabbing the back of her head in His powerful grip, He wrenches her
head back.  Gasping, fighting back the desire that rises within, she pulls away
violently

As she turns away, He grabs hold of her shoulder, His fingers digging into the
pressure point in her shoulder blade painfully.  Glaring at her, He slowly
starts pushing down, trying to force her to her knees.

Struggling against Him, she tries desperately to twist away from Him, her
features a mask of suppressed pain.  Finally succeeding, she retreats quickly to
a chair, watching Him.  Shame at causing His anger floods thru her, and she
knows she deserves what is coming.  Reaching forward, grasping the front of her
shirt, He pulls her to a standing position.  In one swift motion, He rips it
away like onionskin, tossing the torn cloth aside.  "You will apologize to me,
here, in public, and beg me to give You a punishment deserving of the
transgression" Grabbing her by the hair again, He glowers at her "now stop
resisting, and KNEEL BEFORE ME!!!!"  Trembling in the teeth of His rage, she
drops to her knees, back straight, with her hands folded behind her.  Looking up
at Him, her apology already standing out in her dark eyes, she thinks carefully
about what to say.  "Master, this girl begs Your forgiveness for acting without
permission.  This girl knows that she is Your property, and to act without Your
approval is forbidden.  It will never happen again, Master, be assured."  
Nodding at her gravely, walking around her in slow circles, He taps the end of a
thin bamboo cane on the concrete floor.  Shivering in fear and anticipation, a
thrill runs down her spine.  Seeing the tremor run thru her slender, muscular
figure, His mouth turns up in a wicked smile.  "Go on, tell me how you would
like to be punished, my dear."

Watching His every move as much as she can, she clears her throat.  "This girl
would like to be punished with the kiss of a single tail cracking across the
tender flesh of her back, Master" she replies.  Laughing low in His throat, He
crouches before her, gripping her chin to face His gaze.  "Well, my dear. I know
that the whip gives you pleasure as well as pain."  Standing, He folds His arms
across His broad, powerful chest.  "Denied" Walking over to a low table, there
is a small clink of metal.  Returning, He shows her a set of alligator clips,
and a studded strap.  Her eyes widen as she looks up at Him, fright and
trepidation standing out sharply on her face.  "No, please, Master.... they hurt
too much" Nodding, He grabs her, attaching a clip to her nipple, watching her
face twist in pain.  She braces, tensing against the pain as He attaches the
other one.  "When I am done beating you, I am going to rip those off you."
Smiling at her, He leans forward, kissing her.  "When I am done, you will NEVER
act without permission again."

Stepping back, He spins her to the wall, pushing her up against it.  Placing her
hands above her head, and kicking her feet apart, He leans in again.  Running
His tongue slowly over the curve of her neck, He smiles as a tremor runs thru
her.  "Don't move, don't close your feet, or drop your hands.  You are to stay
like that until I am done, clear??"  She nods silently, dreading what is to
come.  SNNNNNAAAAAAPPPPPP the strap lashes her ass, and she screams,  "I can't
hear you.  Is that CLEAR???"  "Yes Sir" her voice shaking, sweat already
covering her skin in a diamond sheen, she answers in a voice stronger than she
feels.  "Good" She can hear the smile in his voice.  Knowing that He enjoys
punishing her almost as much as He enjoys giving her pleasure, she trembles
again.  Her tremble brought up short by the lash of the strap across her back. 
Over and over He lashes her, covering her from her shoulders to her knees. 
Screaming, she begs for mercy, each blow sending a searing bolt of pain thru
her.  "You don't deserve mercy, bitch!! You disobeyed me."  Writhing in agony as
He continues to draw the strap across her burning bruised flesh, she screams
again.  Finally, the torrent stops; she can hear Him breathing.  Her arms and
legs shake with the effort of holding herself up.

Feeling Him behind her, He places His hands on her shoulders, turning her gently
to face Him.  Smiling down into the depths of her eyes, He rips one clamp off,
then the other, watches as she fights not to scream.  Supporting her as she goes
limp in pain, her eyes closing slowly, He picks her up in His arms.  Laying her
down on her side, He goes into her med kit, pulling out disinfectant and a
salve.  Gently, He bathes and dresses her wounds, kissing each cut and welt. 
Turning her to face Him again, He whispers softly "Are you sorry, my dear?" 
Nodding silently, her eyes tell Him all He needs to know..."I will never disobey
You again, Master, I swear it" Kissing her softly, He nods in acknowledgement. 
"I accept your apology" Kissing her again, more insistently this time, He feels
her body responding as His hands run lightly over her torn and battered flesh. 
Once again, He is amazed at the softness of her skin and the well-developed
muscle underneath. This delicate, diminutive creature who is so much more than
she appears.  She shifts under Him, her sex against His, she raises her hips,
rolling herself over Him.  Smiling as she feels His response, she slides herself
along His growing length.  Pushing Himself off of her, He strips His jeans off,
mirroring her smile of appreciation as she gazes up at Him.  Looking down into
her eyes, He knows that she is completely and utterly His, and a warm flush of
pride brightens His skin.  Pulling her close, rocking her in His arms, the tip
of His cock brushes against her hard bud, causing her to jump in His arms.

Moving Himself down slightly, rubbing the head thru her slit, her warm moistness
opens to Him.  Laughing softly, pushing harder, He holds her down and away,
teasing her.   Seeing the desperate desire in her eyes, begging Him to take her,
He leans down to kiss her, driving into her in one swift motion.  Holding
Himself inside of her, buried up to the base of His cock, she tightens around
Him.  Slowly, gently, she rocks herself on Him, her heat spreading thru Him like
a warm summer day.  Gradually moving faster, she begins to tighten around Him,
her breath coming in fast, short gasps.  Holding her close, He moves with her,
matching her rhythm.  Quietly, softly, He feels her flooding over Him; covering
Him with the pleasure He has brought her to.  A single, soft cry escapes her
before her lips find His.  Kissing Him deeply, she begins to move again, pushing
Him up slowly.  Carefully, not wanting to lose contact, she raises herself up
until she is straddling Him, her swollen bud rubbing against His stomach.  With
Him buried inside of her once again, she rolls her hips, moving Him inside of
her.  Moving faster this time, His cock filling her, she locks her fingers
behind His neck.  Rolling over Him, faster and faster, she tightens and
releases, creating a wave effect over Him.  Smiling as He throbs inside of her,
she presses herself down onto Him, taking Him as deep as He will go.  Squeezing
herself around Him, fitting perfectly to His length, she rides Him, drawing His
orgasm out of Him slowly.  Holding Him close, His breath brushes her skin like a
feather as He moans softly.  Grasping either shoulder, He shoves downward as He
explodes within her; she gasps in pleasure at the unexpected thrust.

Collapsing against Him, supported by His strong chest, she runs her fingers over
the smooth lines of muscle visible under His skin. Turning her head to the side,
she looks up at Him thoughtfully. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SATANS(witch)


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





