BDSM Library - Karin's Thimble




Karin's Thimble
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: teasing and denial and power exchange story... very gradually, she pulls him in!
Karin's Thimble Book I
Want More? Contact justincbenedict@yahoo.com

Part One

She was so beautiful, staring at him, annoyed. Karin's blonde hair swept back,
and her chest surged in the little white-on white tube top that looked as if it
might collapse any moment over her 38D breasts. Her cleavage was bulging as she
argued with Robbie. "Why Robbie, why can't you understand me?" Karin asked. "Is
screwing all you think about?" Robbie finally pulled away from Karin, his eyes
pleading. "But Karin, honey...we've been engaged for five months now." He rubbed
Karin's arm hesitantly, and she pulled it away, frowning. "What's wrong?" Robbie
asked almost tearfully. "Why won't you let me make love to you...we've been
engaged five months."

Karin was a real catch, Robbie thought. And all  of his friends agreed with him.
She was so hot, and very sexy...with the way she rubbed his arm and hugged him
in front of people, everyone thought Robbie was getting this incredible action.
But when they were alone,  Karin often didn't want to be touched at all...and
when she did feel like making out, she wouldn'tlet him get any further than  the
girls he'd gone out with back in 9th grade."Necking and touching, clothes on,
above the waist" and it had taken six months even to get there, and now, after
two and a half years, it was driving Robbie mad. He was twenty-nine, for God's
sake! Sure, necking and touching Karin was great, Karin was into shiny lip gloss
and tight pants and clingy magenta sweaters...but when he tried to pull the
pretty sweater off..."Not until the ring's on my finger, kiddo!" Once Robbie had
tried to get Karin naked playing Strip poker..."Didn't you know my dad was a
card shark?" Karin asked, laughing...she was fully dressed, had lost one
bracelet and Robbie and his friends were kneeling naked...they'd tried playing
further for her clothes against 'favors' and she'd ended ujp getting them to
clean her bathroom and kiss each other's butts...she'd lost another ring...oooh.

Now, Karin, sighed and cocked her head, breathing heavily. Robbie sadly watched
the bursting cleavage heave again. "Robbie, you just don't understand, honey."
Karin put a hand on his knee, very close to his crotch, and smiled., staring in
his eyes. He knew she must love him...she was so sweet! "Robbie, I really like
you...I slept with so many guys before I met you, guys that were real creeps,
who used me..." Karin sighed. "Even the nice ones, they made the relationship
all about sex., what I could do for them. It wasn't about being nice to me
anymore at all." Karin's voice dropped to a little girl's, and she shook her
head, thinking of those awful men.  Robbie was a litigation attorney. He knew,
he thought, how to present the evidence. "Honey, I do a lot for you, or I
try...I helped you do the spring cleaning, I paid for your brother's rehab, I
got you a diamond pin last week, I listen to your problems-" "Goddamn it,
Robbie!" Karin almost shouted. "I can't be bought, you know...what, you want to
trade the diamond pendant or a dinner and movie for one of my blowjobs!"  Robbie
breathed at the word "Blowjob" he'd never had one from Karin..he'd never even
seen her naked.

Karin, seeing Robbie's wounded eyes, gave him a big hug and dropped her hand
closer to his crotch area. " If we slept together , it might make you devalue
me...you'd have gotten what you wanted..." Karin gently pushed a French
manicured nail against his zipper. "I know he likes me."she said in a little
girl voice, "But can't he wait?" "But Karin...we've been together so long, can't
...I mean, I've never even seen you undressed or anything!" Karin smiled,
obviously recalling the strip poker night. "But you saw me in my little string
bikini when we went to Cancun....I wore it just for you, and you couldn't take
your eyes off me." Karin leaned back, stretching, and the tube top slipped down,
almost to expose her left nipple. Seeing Robbie's eye drop, she pulled it up
just a little.

 Robbie absentmindedly began touching his zipper, just where Karin had had her
hand a moment ago...he kind of pretended the zipper needed pulling up. "But
honey,  even then, I wanted to touch you in the bikini...and you weren't feeling
up to it...you wouldn't let me touch you at all. "You're lucky I went to Mexico
with you that weekend." Karin replied petulantly. "I was having that time of the
month..." "But then you let that JERK grab you and tickle you..." Karin looked
annoyed again. "I thought you'd think it was neat that one of my friends was
vacationing there. Cyril's my sorority sister's cousin, he's like a play brother
to me..." Karin pulled away entirely, and slapped Robbie's hand where he was
massaging his crotch. "Are you so selfish, Robbie, that you can't let me greet
an old friend?" Karin stood up, abruptly, stepping into her high heeled pumps.
"I can't stand thew ay you  get...I'm going home." Robbie jumped up. "NO,
no,..." he took Karin's hand. "Please stay,..I'm sorry I got you so upset. Of
course you can have old friends That's why I, um love you so much, because you
have so much love for other  people." What bullshit.

**********************************************************************

A few nights later, Robbie and Karen were necking on her couch. Robbie was lying
on top of Karin, and once again, he was trying to pull her shirt off
surreptitiously, or perhaps not so surreptitiously...finally Karin pushed Robbie
off the couch, and he landed on the floor with a thud. "Robbie, I am so sick of
this...I'm not ready for getting this close! You've got to stop pawing me like a
seventeen year old boy!" Robbie was humiliated and quite horny. He hung his head
and pouted. "You told me that tonght we were going to have a big surprise...you
said so, Karin, after I took you to the ballet." God, how boring was that. Two
hours of the ballet with Karin and one of her dippy friends...but she'd kept her
hand on his knee, and his erection had made a little tent in his khakis...she'd
promised a surprise...

"Robbie, baby...look!" Robbie looked up. Karin was smiling. She slowly
unbuttoned her cardigan, and took it off, and then pulled off her skin-tight
black top...and there were her gorgeous breasts, sitting pretty in a frilly pink
bra. "Why don't you take off your clothes, and we'll have the surprise" Forty
seconds later, Robbie was naked, standing before his beautiful fiancee, who was
still in her bra and blue jeans. When is she going to take the rest off? Robbie
thought. This is the second time I've taken my clothes off and been naked in
front of her, the first time being the strip poker night...still I haven't seen
her naked. "Karin, are you taking the rest of your clothes off...baby?" Karin
smiled. "I want to, but I want to make this a surprise for you. Close your
eyes." Robbie sighed and obediently closed his eyes

Part Two

Robbie felt his wrists contract inside the cuffs. He opened his eyes, and Karin
was sitting on the couch...she was still in her bra and blue jeans...nothing
else had been removed. She looked great, though..her cleavage looked very
pushed-up in the bra. But it wasn't fair, Robbie thought...this was supposed to
be his night.

As if reading his mind, Karin spoke. "I guess you're wondering why I did this,
cuffed your hands...I kind of wondered myself...but I love necking with you,
Robbie. I like rubbing you up and down, but I don't want you trying to rape me,
that's not what  being engaged is about!" "R-rape you?" Robbie stuttered. "I
just want to make love to you, Karin. It's 2003, for God's sake! We've been
going out for thirty months, and engaged for five! I've proved my love for you
in a dozen ways...I've bought you jewelry, paid for your postgrad courses,
helped your family, lent you money, put tires on your car-" "Enough!" Karin was
looking a little bored.

"Robbie, I don't need an inventory of what you've done for me...that also isn't
what being engaged is about...I want to make out with you, without feeling like
you're going to take over me and make me feel helpless." She said this with a
sort of giggle in her voice...Karin was, of course staring at her poor naked
fiancee with his little white cock sticking out...helpless indeed! Robbie's
lower lip trembled, and it looked as if he was going to cry.  "Ooh." Karin
clucked sympathetically and stood up, gently taking Robbie by the shoulder. "
And believe it or not, honey, I want you to have a good time too...Come with
me." Karin guided Robbie into her bedroom. Here he'd never been allowed to even
look. It was a pretty room, with a Princess canopy bed and lots of teddy bears
and stuffed animals, which she tossed off the bed, pushing Robbie down on the
soft coverlet, so he was lying on his back, with his bound wrists just below his
waist.

Karin smiled and stroked Robbie's cheek with a long silver nail, and used her
other hand to play in his chest hairs. Robbie was feeling a little embarrassed
that Karin was still almost fully dressed and he was lying here naked on her
bed, but on the other hand, he'd never gotten this far into her room. "Do you
like it here, baby?" Karin smiled, and dropped the hand that was rubbing his
chest to play around Robbie's navel. She turned the overhead light off, and just
put a lamp on beside the bed."Do you like being in Mommy's room, finally?" Karin
dropped her hand a little past the navel and began lightly tickling the pubic
hairs just below Robbie's stomach. "See, now, I feel safe with you, Robbie!"
Karin lay down next to Robbie..."Isn't this nice, baby?" Karin began kissing
Robbie on the mouth, and stroking his hair with one hand, and the other that had
been playing with the pubic hair finally began touching Robbie's cock. It felt
like he'd hoped all these months-soft fingers expertly manipulating the tip and
head of his penis gently, so gently...Karin rubbed her bra clad tits against
Robbie's chest and kissed him some more.

It had been about two hours now...Karin and Robbie were necking, his hands still
cuffed behind his back, and she was playing with his cock, manipulating it back 
and forth. Gently squeezing the foreskin, then playing the sides of the penis as
if it were a flute, Karin had kept Robbie's penis quite enthralled. 20 minutes
earlier, she had been pretending to climb his penis and fall down, while
crooning the nursery rhyme, "Itsy Bitsy Spider" At one point, for about 20
minutes, Karin had just flicked Robbie's penis over and over again...and then
alternating with little rubbing strokes just under the head. Mysteriously, she
hadn't jerked him off yet, so Robbie figured he was going to get to do his
business in her... "K-Karin..." Robbie was panting at this point. "Wh-Why don't
you take off your clothes, and  my cuffs, and let's fu-make love, honey...I'm
real horny... Karin looked hurt.  "Don't you like this, baby? Doesn't Mommy's
hand make baby feel good?" Robbie felt her hand pumping harder...up and down
rapidly, it went...Robbie closed his eyes. His legs began trembling. Suddenly
Karin stopped and pulled herself up. "I'm a little chilly, sweetheart" Karin
tapped Robbie's cheek and got up and left the room, Robbie of course was still
cuffed and lying prone on the bed with a purplish erection, streaming with
pre-ejaculate.

Robbie's dick felt like lead...it was almost numb in places. He had never had
this kind of stimulation before, and he'd slept with quite a few women. Robbie's
testicles felt quite full as well...although he'd just masturbated two days
before..he felt as if he hadn't cum in a year. What was with her? Why didn't she
want to make love...but he had to admit, this was very comforting...he was
getting lots of kisses on his mouth and neck, and a few hickeys that he'd have
to explain at the firm on Monday, and of course his penis was incredibly
stimulated...and Robbie felt taken care of...it was so tender, like having a
little massage from his mother when he was a baby, though Mom never looked like
this! Karin was such a hot girl...

"Honey? I'm back." Robbie looked up...and Karin had put  a top on! Certainly it
was a tight little woven thing, but still, wasn't she supposed to be UNdressing?
"I told you I was cold, sweetheart..." Karin seemed to always be able to read
Robbie's mind. "Are-are we going to make love...why did you put something else
on?" He felt like crying, would he never get to see her naked? "Baby" whispered
Karin, ignoring the question " You are still so hard."Karin twiddled the head of
Robbie's dick, as he sighed mightily. "When we're married, I'll get laid all
night with that boner of yours."

"We're not going to make love until we're married?" Robbie asked piteously.
"Yes, of course." Karin replied..."After being such a wanton slut-"she
giggled-"all these years, I am going to be a nice girl for you...and save myself
for my wedding night." Robbie's heart sank as his cock rose. Jesus, he thought
we're not getting married for a year yet, not til next June. After screwing all
these guy s, you'd think Karin would hav the energy, or at least the lack of
morality, for at least one more...or at least let him see her naked! Karin took
a small bottle of lotion and squirted some into her right palm. She smiled at
her fiancee. "Well I've been stroking you with my dry hand all this time, now
for some sliding!"

And she lay down beside the prone, cuffed Robbie, and resumed necking with him,
he was dying to touch her, but of course his hands were cuffed. And she began
"sliding" her hand up and down Robbie's cock. As Karin nuzzled Robbie's neck,
she gripped his stiff penis as if it were a Louisville Slugger, and ran the
fingers up and down, the lotion making her fingers quite slippery. Robbie wanted
to cum tremendously, he felt like his dick was a fire hose that hadn't quite
gone off yet. Karin's fingers were seeming to sense where the especially
"Sensitive" areas of Robbie's engorged cock were, like the little spot just
below his penis head, and rubbed those with her index finger...over and over
with quite a bit of vigor.

Karin soon accelerated the motion of the rubbing, her silver long nails
glimmering in the lamplight...occasionally she would pause and scratch the head
of his cock with a long tip, and then resume sliding the palm up and
down...Robbie felt like he was having a full-body anyeurism. As he got ready to
cum, she would slow down, until his excitement faded a little, and then she
would start rubbing madly again, in effect keeping the cum just below the head
of his suffering organ.

Karin's tiny fist was still shooting up and down the si de of Robbie's cock an
hour later...she never seemed to quit! Robbie had often felt the familiar urge
to be on the edge of orgasm...with women, and after masturbation, but never had
he been on the edge  for three hours before. At this point Robbie had just
accepted that they weren't going to have sex, and he just wanted to cum..why was
she taking so long?

Karin's tongue was flickering in and out of his mouth, and once they unlocked
lips just long enough for Robbie to see the outline of Karin's nipples under the
woven top. Just as Robbie thought he would burst, Karin slowed her pulling down
to a snails pace again. Robbie started frantically trying to shove his dick into
her grasp, and Karin slowed down even more, at one point teasing him by letting
go of his cock, and just waving her palms above the purple, waving head. It was
hell on Robbie, as, being cuffed from behind, he had to push himself up by his
shoulders and legs, and there was a charley horse in one of his thighs...but he
had to cum!

"I want to cum, please." Karin laughed "Good things come to those who wait...no
matter how you spell "come" Karin grasped Robbie's schlong again, and began
rubbing faster


Robbie looked at the digital clock in Karin's bedroom. She'd led him, naked and
cuffed into her bedroom around seven-thirty, and now it was nearly one a.m.
Still, he hadn't cum..she'd been stroking him for five or six hours. Karin's
masturbation exercises never lapsed either, she was still pumping him madly. Now
and then she'd rest her wrist and discuss what color her bridesmaid's shoes
would be next May, or something of equal inanity, and Robbie would have to wait,
hoping she'd start the cruel tease again, while wishing that she'd just let his
dick lapse...he'd given up a chance at cumming...this girl was a real sadist!
Now and then she'd stop also to squirt more lotion into her hand, and once to
take her scented handkerchief to wipe off the excessive pre-ejaculate rolling
down Robbie's crotch...

"Baby...are you really horny?" Karin asked, kissing Robbie's neck, and tickling
the underside of his cock madly...Robbie felt her long nails exploring the
different veins down there, and he almost wished, but not quite, that his cock
would just fall off, it felt so heavy and aroused. His scrotum felt as if it
were holding ball bearings instead of testicles. Yet, he was really, intensely
aroused. "Yes, K-Karin, I'm really, really horny." Karin chuckled deep into her
throat. "Really, really really horny?" "Oh please Karin, don't play this
game...If you're not going to let me cum." "Oh yes, it's time, I think...but my
private area is my own until our wedding night, you know, and I have enough of
this gook all over my hands...so I don't want to have you spooging into it."
Robbie looked at her beseechingly. "Well, why don't you unlock me? I'll...I'll
beat off, I guess." He hated admitting that he did this to a woman.

Karin sighed. "Oh, the key's in the living room somewhere...I have a better
idea." Karin jumped up and got some towels from the bathroom, and put them on
the bed, parallel to Robbie's crotch area, and then she rolled Robbie onto his
stomach, so his cock was pressed against the towels. "Why don't you rub up
against the towels, the way you'd rub up against me, Robbie?" Karin asked in her
little-girl voice. "Karin, this is ridiculous." Robbie exclaimed. "Can't you
just get the key--?" Karin looked hurt. "Honey, watching you hump the towel,
would just make me so horny...you know, I don't know for sure about waiting til
our wedding night...for me?" Back to the little-girl voice.

 Robbie was elated at this, and quite horny as well, so he began humping the
towel, pressing his crotch over and over again into the towel and rubbing it
back and forth across the scratchy surface. "It's an old towel" Karin
apologized. "I used it to wash my Mom's dog a few times." Robbie closed his
eyes, thinking of Karin in her tube top earlier, and playing with his dick for
the last six or seven hours, and ground his penis against the towel. Karin began
slowly clapping her hands and singing "Go, Robbie, Go we know you can do it" 
Robbie pushed his crotch further into the towel, now rolling his penis back and
forth across the material that had been last used to scrub down an Airedale
Retriever mutt mix. Suddenly, his legs were tightening, and he began the
familiar shaking all over...it was coming.

But then Karin grabbed Robbie's shoulders and held him! Robbie's cock stopped
twitching against the towel. Was she insane? "Sorry, baby...but I just wanted to
give you a little back rub..." Karin kissed the back of Robbie's neck. "Is that
all right?" "Sure, but baby, I was about to cum, I'm so horny. Can't you do it
later?" Karin's voice rose-Robbie of course couldn't see her face, being cuffed
on his stomach on the bed-"Don't you like my back rubs? You were telling me last
week that it seemed so unfair that you gave me hundreds of massages and I only
gave you one or two...what do you want, Robert?" Robbie beat his  head into the
mattress. "Okay, sure... a backrub would be great." Karin laughed. "I thought
so.." she sat on the bed and began squeezing Robbie's shoulders, and Robbie felt
Karin spreading scented oil on his back  and gradually Karin worked her way down
his back to his butt.

"Most men would enjoy this kind of attention." Karin murmured, as she squeezed
his bottom cheeks, her nails slightly scratching, as they were slippery with the
oil. Robbie felt Karin slightly spread his legs apart with her hands, and she
reached beneath his rear and gently pulled Robbie's penis, still very erect, in
between his legs. Robbie felt some pressure as his overstuffed balls were now
wedged against the bed, but otherwise it was not uncomfortable. "Robbie, can you
imagine if we'd just screwed like you wanted to?" Robbie felt Karin's forefinger
and fuck-you finger rub a little massage against the underside of his
penis..."We'd be done now, honey." Karin went on. "I'd be tired, and you'd be at
home, or crashed on my bed...but instead, you're still rarin' to go." Robbie
felt her massaging his penis from behind, and of course he became even more
erect...the natural direction for his dick to go was out in front of him, and so
there was slightly more pain in his crushed groin, but he forgot it in feeling
Karin's heavenly rubbing.




Finally, Karin gave Robbie permission to hump the bed again. "This time, you can
release, honey...just grind away!" Karin had pulled Robbie's butt up and gently
pushed his penis under his stomach again, and Robbie began to grind, pushing his
crotch deep into the towel. Harder and harder he pushed, trying to pretend it
was Karin's pussy he was fucking...OOOH. Robbie came hard...it w as the most
intense release he'd ever had. Just as Robbie came, the doorbell rang, and Karin
patted Robbie's ass, and went out to see who it was. Robbie, still focused on
his orgasm, thought it was unusually wet down there...he kept spurting and
spurting. Robbie was unaware that semen became backed up after much stimulation.
Finally the passion left him, and Robbie, feeling his crotch quite wet and
uncomfortable, wanted to get up.

Karin came back into the room. "Oh Robbie, a friend just came by. He's in the
living room." Robbie was still struggling with his hands cuffed. "Karin, can you
help me up? It's very uncomfortable down here." Robbie thought. "He? He who?"

Karin laughed. "It's my old boyfriend Toad...you remember him."  Robbie looked
up over his shoulder, God it was wet down there. "You mean the furniture
refinisher? The one you were always complaining about? Who cheated on you?
What's he doing here?" Karin laughed, deep in her throat. "He just came by to
apologize, I think...he's been going through-" "Hey Karin." Came a deep voice
from the living room. "Who the fuck's clothes  are these? Jesus, a faggot
alligator shirt." "Don't worry, Toad, honey." Called Karin. "They're my
brother's." "Your brothers?" said Robbie, his voice going down a little.  "I'm
your fiancee.  Doesn't he know?" Karin patted Robbie's shoulder. "Well, Toad's
made big inroads in Anger Management classes, but he's having a hard time
letting go. We get together and talk about what's happened, and I'm going to
break it to him soon...but I can't get you up now, Robbie...if he saw you, it
might not go well...the key to the handcuffs are in the living room, anyway."
"Karin, get in here," called Toad. "We're going to my house to see the waterbed,
it's incredible." Karin patted Robbie's shoulder. "I'll be back in a little."
Robbie began struggling. It was very wet around his crotch now...his erection
was gone..."But-" "Bye..." Karin left the room, and shut the door, and Robbie
lay in his own waste until five a.m.

******************************************************************

PART THREE

"Robbie, I am so disappointed in you." Karin leaned back on the sofa. She was
clad in a tank top and shorts and the tank top swelled in indignation as she
breathed hard. "What is this? Why are you so limp!" Robbie couldn't answer
Karin, as he was kneeling naked on a hassock in front of Karin, with his hands
tied and his mouth gagged. His erection he thought, wasn't limp at all. It was
sticking straight out, where Karin had been stroking it with the nails of her
right hand as she lounged on the couch,reading "Elle" magazine...As Karin idly
stroked Robbie's dick, Robbie been kneeling on the hassock with perfect posture, 
as he was gently stroked by Karin for two hours now, and he felt quite horny.

Karin leaned over and pulled out the gag. "Answer me. Why is this erection
so-"she giggled "mediocre?" "I don't know what you mean, Miss Karin." Robbie
answered. He still couldn't believe the change in his relationship with his
beautiful fiancee in the past six weeks. "I'm really, really hard, and I wish I
could cum-" Robbie gulped. All he could get from Karin after being engaged six
months was these long teasing sessions...she said he wasn't really ready for a
sexual relationship with her, and she wanted them to wait for the altar...Robbie
objected to this, as he knew full well now that Karin was still sleeping with an
old boyfriend, but she said that would also stop when she and Robbie got
married. "It's just a physical thing between me and Toad, Robbie" Karin had
said, stroking Robbie's cheek. " I want to maintain high standards for you...and
I have to get a little R&R you know..and don't worry, baby...I'll give you some
fun with one of my special massages..."

Their routine  for the "massages" went like this. First Robbie would give Karin
a regular massage,  all over her back and rear end, and legs...sometimes he
would present her with a little gift he'd picked up, and when she became
somewhat aroused, the evening became rather physical. Robbie and Karin would
then  neck for several hours-Robbie would feel Karin up, but just above the
waist according to her rules-and they'd tongue each other tremendously. Karin
would give Robbie these neck kisses and hickeys even-Although she never let
Robbie see her naked, Karin would gradually strip to bra and panties, and let
Robbie nuzzle her cleavage and rub up against her until he was horny and sweaty
and chomping at the bit. Then Karin would ask Robbie to take off his clothes,
and then the real fun began!

Karin would then tie Robbie down and slowly masturbate him...at first she'd let
him cum after a few hours of this seemingly endless handjob, and he'd stopped
pressuring her for regular sex...it was useless, and this teasing thing was
exciting! Sometimes Robbie would quake for 40 minutes to an hour as Karin
stroked, pulled, tapped and squeezed his organ. She'd tied  him down to
hassocks, ottomans, ceiling hooks, the picnic table in the back yard,  her bed,
once Karin had actually tied Robbie down under the table and played with his
poor, trembling dick with her toes as she studied for a grad school exam. Robbie
had never had such an experience in his life as he did when he was begging her
to let him cum, and often his balls would begin to feel like little weights
between his legs, as the backed up semen gathered.

At the end of the tease, Karin would finally stroke Robbie to orgasm-sometimes
if Robbie came before Karin wanted him to,  she would feed the semen back into
his mouth with a spoon, which was frightening but intensely arousing as well-and
other times if Robbie begged too much, she'd make him jerk himself off. This
always made Robbie feel kind of rejected, as he loved spurting into Karin's palm
after a long, frustrating tease.

 But recently Karin had begun stopping the tease without letting him release if
he'd done something to annoy her, like forgetting to pick up her dry cleaning.
If Karin didn't feel "appreciated" she wouldn't let him squirt! Of course after
Robbie'd leave Karin, he'd go home and jerk off if he hadn't cum, sometimes
several times in a night, thinking about her flimsy outfits and long, dancing
fingers...but he didn't let her know this. But she knew something was different,
and was she pissed.

"Robbie, this is bullshit. Last week when we had a playing session, your dick
was thick and bursting, and it was precumming all over the place. It was so neat
watching you pant and beg to cum...and I'm sorry I didn't let you, but  you were
rude to Toad on the phone when he called.-" "He's not supposed to see you!"
Robbie shouted. He didn't have a lot of power behind the shout, as of course he
was naked and kneeling on a hassock, but he had to make his point, dammit.
"Toad's a friend, and I expect you to treat my friends with respect." Karin said
severely, as  she leaned over and whacked Robbie on his member. "And I told you
I'd make it up to you this week if you were good, but you're just not as excited
as you were before." Karin flicked Robbie's dick at the tip with a nail and
Robbie squirmed. "I mean (giggle) you are a little hard, but the energy isn't
there!" Karin looked Robbie in the eye. "Are you seeing another woman, Robert?"
Robbie shook his head. "Absolutely not! Even though you've not given me any real
sex, I respect my engagement, unlike-"


Karin shook her head and got up and left the room, with Robbie still kneeling on
the hassock. "Karin come back!" Robbie yelled. But Karin was in her bedroom, a
room Robbie didn't see often, and she stayed there for ten minutes. Robbie
really wanted her to come back, and he called nicely "Karin, I'm sorry I got on
you about your personal relationships...please come back. Just get me off the
hassock, I'm about to fall!" No answer. Robbie tried to keep his balance, but it
was difficult. He had a charley horse in one thigh. "Please, Karin!" Robbie
wailed. "I can't stand here, honey!" Karin came back in the room with a box. She
sat down in front of the hassock again. "Robbie, you've either been seeing
another woman or choking your chicken-" Robbie looked abashed "That's it!" she
said triumphantly "You're a whack-off artist...that's a habit for sixteen year
olds, Jesus."

Karin cocked her head and looked seriously at her fiancee. "Honey, don't you
know that playing with yourself between our times together reduces your
affection for me-sometimes I've noticed when you come over and you're not
particularly horny you seem to take me for granted, you forget to open the car
door for me, once you actually asked me if I wanted to split the check one
night." Robbie looked downcast. He wasn't aware that Karin felt this way. Even
though she'd never let him sleep with her, or even given Robbie a blowjob, even
though she was clearly sleeping with one or two other guys, Karin was his
everything, and he'd never wanted to  make her feel unhappy or undervalued.

As if reading his thoughts, Karin took her finger and pushed Robbie's chin up
and smiled at him. "Honey, when you're really, really excited about being with
me, when you've not been abusing yourself and your love juices are contained,
you are incredible! You treat me like a princess, take me everywhere, bring me
ice cream and little gifts...I feel so cherished. And then when I give you long,
long massages, you sweat and shiver and thrust your hard little winkie into the
air, and I get such a kick out of it, especially when I lift my hand  up and you
have to raise up your things-that's funny." Karin smiled, and Robbie smiled
back, somewhat weakly. "And then when I finally let you cum, you are so
grateful, and just as sweet as can be, because it's a treat, not something  that
happens every day, you know...? But now that you're whacking off like a madman,
and you are just lackadaisical. I just know you're spending time surfing porn on
the Internet, and what kind of a waste of time is that? Why can't you stop doing
this, baby..."


"Karin, I love you, but I get so frustrated and horny." Robbie confessed. "And I
get jealous about your fooling around with Toad and those other guys, and I just
want to jerk off...I love the teasing stuff, and I've even joined a couple of
newsgroups on the Internet that talk about teasing and denial of the male
orgasm-but I can't stay chaste...some of the men on those sites wear chastity
belts, but that's not me! " Robbie shook his head. "I'm not that kind of guy,
and I don't think I could wear one!" Karin held up the box she'd brought in the
room and shook it. "Are you sure, baby?"

*************************************************************************

The first month that Robbie wore the "Thimble"  was incredibly
frustrating...Although Karin was letting him cum about once every three days,
the shot-glass shaped metal object now covering his dick was incredibly
frustrating... Part of this was because, of course Robbie was a compulsive
masturbator...He'd see some girl with big hair, the kind he'd never have a
conversation with, walking down the sidewalk by his firm, or have a few
flirtatious words with  the legal secretary of one of his partners, and then
he'd run off to the  firm public restroom, squirt a little pink soap from the
sink into his palms, and dive into the stall, and wank, pausing impatiently as
people came in and out of the lavatory, having irritatingly long conversations.
Robbie's closet was jammed with  porn tapes and empty Astroglide containers...

Now Robbie was horny all the time...he was stupid enough to watch his favorite
porn tape "Inspector Fellatio" once with the "Thimble" on, and realized the
metal cap wasn't actually big enough to hold his erection...he'd had to shut off
the tape and jump in the shower immediately. He now tried not to look at the
teenyboppers at the mall, but he still did, and sometimes tried to release by
humping the "Thimble" against the bed at home...but it was just painful. Karin
now had taken to inviting Robbie over more and more to dinner, and she was
always wearing either a tiny, clinging shirt, with a push up bra that bulged her
cleavage, or  some sort of lingerie-a lace teddy or a Merry Widow, and thigh
high stockings with garters, and spike heels, patting him on the cheek...you'd
think she wanted to get it on, with all that, but she had locked him into the
damn belt!

"B-but why?" Robbie had asked Karin as she'd locked on the chastity belt. "I
don't jerk off that much, and I love you." If she really was eager for Robbie to
be horny, why the hell wouldn't she let him sleep with her after nearly three
years of dating and siz months of engagement?

"Robbie, I just want to know that you're not easing your tensions elsewhere."
Karin responded, patting his metal crotch. " When you jerk off and think of some
other girl, or even think of me when you're away from me, it's like you're
cheating on me...I know that I am still seeing other men, but I'm so used to
regular sex! You've really not slept with that many real-time women, have you
sweetie?" Robbie shook his head, his neck scarlet. Robbie had been so astonished
and pleased when Karin had agreed to go out with him the first time, and she was
only his second girlfriend in about ten years.

Karin still tied Robbie down once or twice a week and played her "massaging"
games on his cock Rub, rub rub, stroke stroke..."This is how I like you,
darling, " she'd say, playing her fingers along the underside of Robbie's
straining cock, as he moaned and shook, stark naked with the cuffs behind him.

 "See, you haven't cum in what is it? Four days? No, I played with you Sunday,
but we didn't have time  (giggle) for you to come. Six days! You haven't cum,
and look at your enthusiasm! It's incredible!" Robbie's dick was soaked in
pre-cum, and it was rather purple that day. His balls were incredibly
swollen-sometimes he'd have to go home and ice his testicles after one of their
marathon massages...he couldn't rub it on his cock as Karin would've already
locked on the belt! And today, as he rang the doorbell, Robbie was thinking to
himself...he'd heard Karin discussing a possible reduction in orgasms...a
"behavior modification" program, she called it.

Karin smiled and hugged Robbie as she opened the door for him. . " Oh,
baby..have I got a surprise for you!" Oooh.




Karin's Thimble--Book II

Karin hugged Robbie, pressing her boobs against him,  giving him a long tongue
kiss, and then pulled him into the apartment.. "Let's shut the door, honey, I'm
not really dressed." A tall guy in the apartment across the hall came out to get
his newspaper, and caught Karin's eye. Karin stepped back, and Robbie saw what
she meant-she was wearing a violet bustier, her cleavage practically bursting
out of it...this was usual of course when he came to see Karin. She didn't seem
upset that the guy across the hall noticed-She smiled at him

 "Hey Greg...nice bathrobe." The guy, a big dark haired guy, about three inches
taller than Robbie, winked at her

"You like it, Karin? I got it  went back to the Opp Shop, check out the back."
The guy turned around and Karen and Robbie read on the back of the fluffy white
robe that it had belonged to "Caeser's Palace", and this written in gold
letters. "This is Robbie, my fiancee, Greg."

Karin nudged Robbie, and he nodded at the guy weakly. "Oh, yeah...right."

Something made Greg chuckle, "Robert?" he asked, looking at Robbie. "No, Robin"
replied Robbie uncomfortably.

Greg grinned. "Oh, Robin...that's a guy's name?" "It was my father's" Robbie
said hotly. "That figures." Karin and Greg both began laughing, and Greg took
his paper back inside the house.

 "What's the Opp Shop, Karin, where did you go with him?" Robbie asked, as they
came into the apartment. "Oh, it's  called the Opportunity Shop, and it's a
thrift store at the National Cathedral...Greg and I go shopping there
sometimes...rich Episcopalians like you donate your stuff, and we proletarians
benefit." Karin laughed.

 "But, why are you going with him to thrift stores?" Robbie shook his head. "I
mean, you are dating some guy, I know, but we ARE engaged...do you have to have
all these friends? Do you like those gym-rat types, anyway? What do you have in
common with him? Robbie felt like a nagging old woman.

Karin began playing with Robbie's shirt. "Oh, you don't want to go to a thrift
store, Robbie...you have lots of money. I like it when you take me to Neiman
Marcus...Greg's a thrift-shop pal, that's all...ROBIN." Karin coughed. "He and I
got up early this morning and went to the Opportunity Shop and got some
stuff-you like my top?" Robbie stared hungrily at the violet bustier.

 "Then we went to the Steak and Egg Kitchen, that little place down the street,
and had breakfast, that's all." We got up, Robbie thought what's she mean by
that? Did they get up together, or in separate apartments? Should I ask? Karin
was beginning to look irritated. She could always read Robbie's mind. She
breathed deeply, and Robbie quaked, both thrilled by her heaving bosom, and
fearful of the temper tantrum that might come.  Last time she had a tantrum he'd
had to buy her a diamond bracelet and wash her car as well.

"What's the deal, Rob-Bin? Can't I have friends?" Karin stopped playing with
Robbie's buttons..he'd really enjoyed feeling her fingers toying with his chest.
"I mean, how are we going to spend the rest of our LIVES together-" Robbie's
heart stopped-"if you are always mooching around at me?" Karin spun and walked
to her window. "I mean, what's the fuckin' point?"

Don't beg, Robbie thought. Last night in one of his rare nights with the guys,
his friend Kevin had said "When she throws a fit, dude,just walk out. Fuck
her...she'll come after you. You're the youngest litigation partner at your
firm, you make money, just tell her to chuck it, that's what I tell Maurissa"
But Maurissa was a pig next to Karin. "Karin please..."

Robbie wrung his hands and  walked up behind her. "Don't be that way...I just
was asking. I mean, you know I am committed to this relationship, honey...I
understand about the other guys, the guy friends, you need your freedom, and I
let you put a chastity belt on me...how many guys allow that?" Karin turned
around  and looked at Robbie. "Oh, yeah...let's take a look at that. Strip
down." She said.

Robbie obeyed,  folding his clothes up neatly and putting them in a corner as
his mom had taught him. He stood before Karin in only his chastity belt, that
peculiar thing she called the "Thimble" and had a shot-glass shaped piece of
metal around his cock, preventing his masturbation or any other action when he
was alone. Sure he could pee out of it, but that was all the action it allowed.
Karin examined it, dropping to her knees. Robbie thought of something else she
could be doing down there, but didn't think for long, as his penis could not
swell to a full erection inside the Thimble.

 He felt the familiar pain as his dick pushed in vain against the hard
metal...he'd almost had a seizure that morning, watching his sixteen year old
neighbor, wearing a bikini and necking with the boyfriend on her front lawn.
Karin tapped the tip of the Thimble with a long nail. This didn't help.

Karin's nails were incredibly provocative to Robbie's penis...Sometimes Karin
would let Robbie take the belt off and they'd go out into the street, and go
shopping, she called it "Window-shopping" but constantly she'd tap his dick, and
occasionally grab his bulge, poking it with her long nails through the pants, in
this oh-so subtle way...she'd comment on a piece of pottery in the window, a
pair of shoes, some earrings on display at Commodore Jewelers...and he'd go
right in like Pavlov's dog, and buy it for her...and then when they were having
dinner,sometimes Karin would reach under the table and play with Robbie's  dick
with her hands the nails unzipping his pants, and whisking out his dick, and
fondling the penis head while she asked his opinions of the attractive young
waitresses at the Cafe Deluxe. Occasionally, Karin foot-fondled his crotch, but
generally, it was the hand, and the long, French nails.

 "She's cute isn't she Robbie?" Karin would whisper in Robbie's ear,  pumping
his dick just a little under the table, as an American University coed would
come to take their order. "Don't you think she's prettier than me?" This would
go on throughout the movies, as well...and then when they got home, Robbie would
be rarin' to go, and Karin would tie him to the bed, spreadeagled, and gently
play with his cock as he found a thousand ways to tell her that he thought she
was prettier and lots sexier than any of the waitresses or store clerks they'd
seen, or certainly Gwyneth Paltrow in the movies...oh yes...and those nails
would just swirl up and down his erection....stroking and petting and rubbing
and pinching. "Look at this vein, Robbie...is it pulsating for me, or Gwyneth,
baby...?"

"I love you Karin, please, please take off the ropes and let me make love to
you...please?" "I don't know about you, perv boy...make love indeed, real guys
want to fuck, Rob-Bin.. but don't you really like those hot chicks on 'Friends'
or that bitch on the Drew Carey Show, you always watch it Rob-Bin..." Then Karin
would pretend to get miffed and  walk away, with a last flick of her long nail
on Robbie's now purplish, soggy, well-veined erection. "I'll just leave that
dickie for Jennifer Aniston to enjoy...Jennifer, Jennifer where are you?" the
voice would float back to Robbie, as he lay there, humping the air in vain, or
vein...ho ho.

This morning, Robbie stood at attention, his penis now in severe pain, pushing,
pushing desperately against the unforgiving metal of the Thimble as he gazed
down into Karin's heaving breasts as she knelt, tapping the Thimble tip with a
French talon.

"You were supposed to clean this thing, Robbie." Karin looked at the tip of the
Thimble. She got very close, and then she kissed the Thimble, tenderly, mouthing
it a little, before pulling back. Robbie felt like his dick would explode
through the Thimble. In the two and a half years they'd been together, Karin had
never given him head...and now this!  Being sucked through an evil metal prison.
"Why didn't you clean this belt thing, Robbie?" Robbie had cleaned the belt and
the Thimble thoroughly that morning, but now of course it was slightly tarnished
by Karin's strawberry lip gloss.

"Why, oh why...Robbie?" Karin stood up. "It's filthy." WHACK! Robbie's face
stung where Karin had just slapped him. This had never happened before. Jesus
the girl had lots of muscle. "Honey" Robbie protested,

 "I did clean it, I even polished the Thimble, as best I could, since I couldn't
take it off, you know."

"What's that shit on the tip, then?" Karin flicked the strawberry stained tip of
the Thimble. "That's your lip gloss, baby, you just kissed me down there you
smeared it-"

"SMEARED?" Karin shrieked at Robbie, and gave him another roundhouse slap on the
other cheek. Robbie's head bounced like a balloon against a bus stop. "I give
you the chance to have MY LITTLE MOUTH on your pathetic organ-and you
complain---" Karin's voice grew icy"-complain that I am messing up your pitiful
little chastity tube."

Robbie's head was ringing, and then as she said "chastity tube" Karin reached
down and smacked the Thimble hard-very hard. This exacerbated the pain of the
erection, still pushing desperately against the Thimble, incredibly. Robbie
dropped to his knees, and began crying. "I didn't-didn't-" His head dropped to
his chest. "I-I...try so hard"

Immediately Karin's voice changed. "Oh, honey..." Karin leaned over and ruffled
Robbie's hair. "I know you try." Karin helped Robbie to his feet, and gave him
another big, soft hug, pressing her soft breasts to his shaking, narrow chest.
"Darling, you're such a good boy."

Karin led Robbie into her bedroom. Taking a tissue from the night table by her
bed, Karin told Robbie to "blow".  Then she gently pushed Robbie down on the
bed,  edging him to the middle, and took his right arm laying it next to the
bedpost. Karin went into the night table and took out a pair of hand cuffs, and
locked one cuff on the bed post and the other on Robbie's wrist. "There you go,
sweetheart. Now spread your arm and legs so I can finish up, honey. " After
Robbie was secured to the bedposts, Karin put a pillow under his head and sat
down on the bed.

"You poor, poor baby." Karin watched her fiancee sniffle. "You just don't know
which way to turn, do you?" Karin  took the ring of keys that had been used for
the handcuffs, and found another key, and  reached over and began unlocking the
Thimble. "This is why, Robbie, that you need behavior modification...so you can
just follow some simple rules for living." Karin took the Thimble off Robbie's
crotch area, and playfully twiddled Robbie's penis, which shot up like a
metronome gone awry.

Oh, what a relief. Robbie hadn't been out of the Thimble for a teasing in three
days-which meant, of course he hadn't been out of the Thimble at all, and it was
horribly cramped.. Karin had been too busy to tease him, and it was so nice to
have his dick waving around in the air, with no painful metal holding it down.

Robbie had never fully appreciated what a freedom it was to be able to have an
unfettered erection, to be able to move his dick around...His penis's
incarceration in the Thimble had certainly given Robbie food for thought. 

"Going to put this in the dishwasher" Karin said, looking at the three days
sweaty Thimble with a delicately wrinkled nose. Carrying the Thimble with thumb
and forefinger, Karin trotted into the kitchen. Robbie heard the so unds of the
dishwasher going. Robbie tried to move his manacled arms. Nothing doing. Karin
had cuffed them well. She had apparently dated a police sergeant.

Jesus, she'd dated all the blue collar in Washington, D.C., Robbie thought-and
had gotten the best in police handcuffs. Robbie peered across his narrow chest
to his unflagging dick enjoying its freedom. He wondered if Karin would let him
cum today.  It had been eighteen days since Robbie had last had an orgasm, and
it felt like 18 years.

Perhaps it wouldn't have been so bad if Karin hadn't constantly been teasing and
tormenting Robbie's poor dick-nightly strokings as Robbie lay tied to beds,
coffee tables, Karin's cousin's pool table when they were
house-sitting-hassocks, dressers, etc. Then just as he thought tonight  would be
his night, Karin would ice down his  unsatisfied penis and put him back into the
Thimble, making fun of Robbie if he began crying.

"Well..." Karin came back into the room, carrying a small basin and water and a
large yellow sponge. "Been a while since the old groin got some scrubbing, eh
Robbie?" Karin squirted liquid soap into Robbie's dick and began rubbing the
soap in vigorously, adding water from the sponge now and then. "Like I said
earlier, Robbie, I 'd love to move in with you now, even before we're married.
Maybe really soon."  Robbie's genitals were becoming inflamed with the
stimulation of Karin's soft rubbing. "Oh, Karin, that would be wonderful!"

Robbie was thrilled.  Up until now Karin had preferred him in small doses. Karin
generally saw Robbie one or two nights a week, and only occasionally saw him on
the weekend. This had gotten even more painful for Robbie than it had been when
he just missed Karin; after all, his dick was stuck in the Thimble. It would be
wonderful if she saw him all the time, even if she teased him nightly. "That's
right" Karin said as she noticed Robbie's hopeful look"I want to spend more time
with my fluffy-wuffy bunny rabbit." Karin was now soaping Robbie's balls, which
had become rather heavy of late with  all the backed up semen. Not only had
Karin stimulated much semen into the testicles in the last eighteen days, but
there was still some sperm backed up in there from before Robbie's previous
orgasm...it usually took a few orgasms to empty the testicles.


 "We're getting married in a year, and it would be nice to get out of  this
cramped apartment and move into my Bunnie-Wunnie's nice five bedroom house,
after all you've begged me to move in several times." Now Karin was dying Robbie
off-he felt like an infant whose diaper had been changed. "But honey, as much as
I love you, you've got some weird habits, poor social skills, and you don't
allow me much of a social life, since you are so controlling." Karin carefully
put the basin on the floor and reached into the night table drawer, bringing out
some sex lubricant.

" I think if we work together on your wird habits honey-" Karin poured lube into
her palm-"You will become the ideal boyfriend, and then a good hubsnad." Karin
began to slowly rub Robbie's cock with her slippery, wet palm.

 "Wouldn't you like that, honey? Then I'd feel better about maybe taking all my
clothes off in front of you...wouldn't you like to know if my nipples are pink
or brown? Lots of other guys know." Robbie's throat quickened at the idea of
actually seeing Karin naked. Her naked breasts. He'd never seen her naked,
though she'd always been in tube tops, string bikinis or skin tight shirts, or
crop tops and cut offs in the warm weather, and then tiny sweaters in the
winter. And of course it was embarrassing that he was naked in front of her
constantly  the last few months, and she'd never given him even a little peek at
her bare body.

"And we could progress to lovemaking... I mean, Robbie...when was the last time
you had a real blowjob,baby?" Karin began rubbing slightly faster. Robbie
thought about it. Karin had never given hima blowjob-they'd never gotten past 
heavy necking with the clothes on in the thirty months they'd b een together.
Now things had progressed to clothes off, but just Robbie's clothes.

"I mean, I like cocksucking, Robbie...I haven't felt comfortable with you to do
it yet, but I do like it, there have never been any complaints from previous
boyfriends, hell they called me Doctor Fellatio at my high school... and my lips
are great, don't you think they're great?" Robbie nodded. Karin leaned down to
Robbie's cock and blew on it a little, and it stiffened even further than it
had. Karen laughed. "Yes, these lips could make that little wee-wee feel really
really good, your Karin thinks, baby."

Karin paused from stroking Robbie and took a lipstick from the night table and a
compact mirror and began applying a bright red maraschino cherry color  to her
full lips. She rubbed her lips together when she was done. "Robbie...you'd
really like my blowjobs..." Karen resumed stroking Robbie's purple, engorged
penis. "I have a warm, soft mouth...Greg-I mean a guy I know-said my mouth felt
like velvet." Karin began rubbing Robbie's frenum, and his hips bucked. "And I
always swallow,  honey.  Up and down Karins' hand went, as if she was handling a
truck gear shift around a difficult turn pike. Robbie's cock felt like a guided
missile. Karin's ministrations were causing it to get to Louisville Slugger
proportions, and all this blowjob talk didn't much help. Why couldn't she suck
him off now? But of course, she didn't feel quite comfortable yet.

Again Karin read his mind. "Honey I just don't feel like this  with you
now-having grown-up sex.." Karen slowed down the manipulation of Robbie's shaft
and began just stroking the top of the penis with a lone forefinger, the nail
occasionally grazing the pee hole.

 "You are just too immature and freaky" Robbie's eyes filled with tears. She'd
never want him. He was a freak. Karin looked sharply at him. "And you're a
fuckin' crybaby...You're always giving me the waterworks." Karin began rubbing 
the penis head with two fingers then theree, as if she were sanding Robbie's
penis with a tiny piece of sandpaper. "You're selfish, you have terrible self
control too..."

 "What-what do you mean? " Robbie asked, panting. He could have fucked a
hedgehog now. "I'm a good, patient driver, I never missed a day of school all
the way through college, studied hard, I've helped you out with bills-Karin
honey, how am I selfish with poor control?" Karin was a fine one to  discuss
poor self control. Karen was a former stripper, had been jailed for shoplifting
in her youth, and had dropped out of two colleges and three hairdressing
academies. She'd been to rehab and a brother of hers had been in jail for bank
robbery. They were all irresponsible in that family, Robbie thought.

Karin looked bemused. "Well-wait... honey, deflate your dickie a little bit.
Mommy wants to try something new that will give you some pleasure...a cock ring.
I can't put it on with you all hard like that." Karin did not desist in rubbing
Robbie's penis. "C'mon limp up."Karin's tone became impatient, though she was
massaging his dick harder now, and playing a bit with the foreskin with a long
nail.Her nail began flicking the foreskin back and forth, and Robbie panted.

"C'mon honey, calm down, make your hard-on go away, for Mommy." Karin pulled her
bustier down more showing her breasts and licked her lips...but she continued
the masturbation. Then she actually reached her head over and licked the tip of
Robbie's cock, which was streaming pre-cum. "Robbie, why won't you lose your
boner, honey?" Karen then kissed the side of his penis, and then rubbed some
more. "Baby, I'm getting irritated. Drop your stiffie, please."Robbie wondered
if Karin were insane.

 How was he supposed to go limp under these arousing conditions? Indeed, it was
turning even more purple, contrasting sharply with Karin's slender white
fingers. "Karin, honey, stop touching my dick and it'll go down maybe...put a
jacket over that top, too...it's making me so...I can't calm down like this."
Whack! Karin's palm crashed against Robbie's cheek for the third time that day.
"Goddamnit" Karin screamed. Reaching down, she pulled off one of her spike
heels. " Haven't you ever heard of mind over matter? Can't you just go limp
without giving me orders?" Karin took the shoe by the tip and whacked the heel
onto the base of Robbie's straining erection. He screamed.

 " Lose your erection, goddamit!" Karin whacked Robbie's dick again, and then
gave him a shot with the heel on his scrotum. Robbie burst into tears, but his
cock seemed to still be quite erect. Finally Karin began pounding his cock with
the shoe like a hammer on a nail, and  finally his erection died, and his penis
became very small...there appeared to be a tiny spot of blood on the tip. Karin
took a Kleenex and wiped it off.

Calming down, Karin returned the evil shoe to her foot.. "You see, bunny
rabbit?" Karen's honeyed tones asked patiently. "You can't control yourself
without discipline. I had to ask you two or three times to drop that boner of
yours and then " she giggled." I had to um, calm it down myself."

 Karin held up a small leather strap, a little smaller than a watch band with
metal snaps on it. "This will accentuate your pleasure, baby...I just want to
give you a good time, honey." Karin chided Robbie, still weeping with all the
pain in his groin.. "Why won't you let Mommy give you a good time, instead of
keeping up that big manly cock? But now you're in for a treat."

Karin gingerly lifted Robbie's cock and balls up and snapped the cock ring
around them, so the blood was constricted and his cock bulged. For the next half
hour, Karin played with Robbie's cock and sang lullabies and songs from her
Vacation Bible School. Robbie forgot the pain and his penis became quite
tumescent once again. He noticed that the strap indeed did accentuate his
pleasure as he was stroked, and he resolved that if he ever got out of the
Thimble he would buy a strap to masturbate with.

"Now, Robbie, let me tell you a story. " Karin was speaking quite gently still.
"When I was in my teens I was a hell raiser, probably at the same time you were
in the Honor Society and a National Merit Finalist and all that. I got in some
trouble, and got sent to a reform school, and while I was gone, my mom and dad
packed up their trailer and moved to another park across the country. And  it
was years before I saw them again."

 Bitterness crept into her voice, but this did not interrupt the gentle teasing
of Robbie's cock. "So my parole officer helped me get into this girls home, and
it was run on a point system...behavior modification, like I was telling you on
the phone. We all had these green point cards in the house, and we had to earn
seventy thousand points a week to get our weekend privileges and allowance."

Karin bounced Robbie's balls gently in her palm. "And it was real good for me. I
got ten thousand positive points for going to school, say five hundred points
for cleaning my room, and another thousand for doing my chores, studying, the
like...and then if I was bad, like if I stole something, I might get two hundred
thousand negative points I had to work off, before I got my privileges back. And
boy did it piss me off...but I became much more civilized as a result, you
know."

Robbie wondered why Karin was telling him this. He hated it when she talked
about her past...he always cringed when they visited his parents because he was
afraid that her elbow tattoo would show as she was eating Mother's bisque.
Couldn't she just forget that part of her life? Why couldn't she just be a
normal girlfriend? Jesus did he want to cum. "Anyway, honey..." Karin went on...

"You're just the sweetest guy, but I think you could do with a little point
system yourself. It would make life so much easier, and you'd know whether or
not you were pissing me off...wouldn't that be great? I wouldn't be getting mad
at you all the time...I think that would be wonderful, really...and if you earn
enough points, you'll get MAN privileges, baby!" Karin looked critically at the
model in the "before" picture in the plastic surgery ad in Elle magazine. Then
she looked at the "after" picture. Clearly, the woman hadn't had surgery at
all...she just stopped frowning...do these morons believe the ads...Man. Karin
looked around the room. Robbie would have to do those baseboards.

 In the eight months since Robbie and Karin had been living together, his
"sitting room" as his Mom called it, had begun to look more like a showplace
than before...the carpet was so clean now, and you could actually see it,
whereas before Karin got Robbie to accept the point system, you couldn't see the
carpet for the ashtrays, crushed Schlitz cans, and porn tapes lying everywhere.
Robbie's mother, the wrinkled up old cunt, even approved, and reluctantly
admitted that she now approved of Robbie's new fiancee.

Robbie's Chevy Chase four-bedroom Victorian was  much nicer than the crowded
efficiency that Karin had shared with her boyfriend Toad in in Southeast
Washington. It had been awfully cramped, and Karin had called it a de-ficiency.
Toad, perennially unemployed, still lived there, and Karin paid his rent and
other expenses  out of the substantial allowance that Robbie gave her. Toad also
was using one of Robbie's credit cards, but this he assured Karin, was
temporary.

The efficiency apartment was conveniently on the subway line for Karin's
occasional noctural visits, and very near the parole office, the 7-Eleven  AND
the methadone clinic, all of which Toad had to visit regularly. Karin was a
small "d" democrat when choosing who she slept with, so she had a variety of
other poverty-stricken lovers who occasionally hit her up for loans

CRASH! Karin cocked her head, giggled, and got up, slipping her feet into
enchanting black heels. She began strolling into the kitchen, a corn fed
American beauty in snug turtleneck and black jeans. Karin leaned against the
doorjamb and sighed. Robbie looked at her, miserable, and perhaps a little
chilly.

 Clad in thigh high pink stockings, often called "pull ups" and matching pink
suede high heels---higher than Karins, as a matter of  fact-he wasn't well
covered, except of course for the Thimble, which kept his cock contained, but
probably not that warm. At Robbie's feet was a  tipped over stepladder and a 
broken crystal decanter. Karin looked up at the cabinet above the sink, and the
other crystal was clean and almost all replaced.back on the shelf. That was
something, at least...but this broken crockery!

Karin shook her head. "You know, I told you not to rush putting that stuff
away...and I bet you were dumb enough to go up the ladder in your heels? You
rushed, didn't you Robin?"

 Robbie hung his head. "I know, Miss Karin, but I wanted to watch the Phillies
game at four. The guys are coming over...you said you didn't mind."

 Karin gritted her teeth. "You have two hundred thousand negative points to work
off-if I find one more "Swank" magazine, I'll give you a million negative-and if
you don't work them off by Monday, you can't cum-again!"

 "Fifty-five." Robbie murmured. "I worked off all but fifty-five thousand, Miss
Karin. I cleaned the master bedroom, vacuumed the upstairs, cleaned all the
bathrooms in the house, washed the windows, I washed your car, I cleaned the
garage-wearing just these da-doggone stockings and it's cold, Karin!" Cursing
was a ten thousand negative point mistake, and Robbie was getting better. Karin
shook her head.

"Look Robbie, I'm sick of your macho posturing and that's why I make you wear
pink stockings around the house. Your attitude was awful!" Karin sniffed, then
conceded generously, "But it's so much better now, honey...the stockings look
good on you. And you did a great job on the house. and so here's ten thousand
positive points."

Robbie reached over to the counter and got his green card, and bent over the
counter to write them down. Karin wrinkled her nose, looking at his zit-laden
bottom contrasting with the neon pink stockings.

"But you get 20,000 negative points for rushing with the crystal, and another
twenty for breaking  that bottle thing-" Karin waved at the broken decanter.
"Your mom's crystal, Robbie, I don't want her looking daggers at me. So there's
forty thousand plus fifty-five thousand, 95,000 negative points, looks like
you're not cumming tomorrow,  and if you keep rushing, you'll have to miss the
football game. Robbie dropped his pen and began to cry,  and Karin spun on her
heel and returned to the living room.

It wasn't a bad system if Robbie behaved himself. Karin only required 100,000
positive points a week for Robbie to have the Thimble removed...he could then
lie on the cold kitchen floor, jacking his stockinged legs over his head and
whack away, while Karin timed him with a stopwatch. If Robbie didn't cum in
three minutes-sometimes he was too excited-Karin would put the Thimble back on,
assuming he didn't really want to orgasm.

If Robbie was able to catch his cum in his mouth, Karin gave him a pair of her
panties the next time he choked the chicken, generous soul that she was. And
what's 100,000 points? Averages out to about fifteen five a day he had to earn.
And it was so easy. On mornings when Karin was home, as she stayed out with a
"friend" occasionally.. Robbie got 500 points for making her breakfast before he
went to work, and another 500 for serving it to her in bed. When an occasional
"friend" stayed over in Karin's bed, Robbie got 500 further points for serving
him without pouting.

 Karin had the master bedroom, and Robbie a smaller room down the hall, but he
was hoping that might change, as well as the guests, after they got married.
Robbie would come home from work at noon and make Karin lunch just as she got in
from her morning classes at theUniversity of Maryland-College Park. Robbie was
careful to not have any lunch meetings with clients if he could help it. The
clients were annoyed at first, but were much happier with Robbie's energy level
since he'd given up his two pack a day Camel habit and all that beer. Robbie
also participated in Karin's aerobics class...he got a thousand points every
time he attended, so sometimes he'd go twice a day. Then after work there were
more positive points for housework, giving Karin and her "Friend" back massages,
and oral sex on the nights Karin stayed home with no friend.

 As Karin was not yet comfortable with Robbie seeing her naked, he had to eat
her out with a blindfold on. Robbie also got points for tutoring Karin in her
statistics classes, and driving Karin and Toad around, since the Toad had
unfortunately lost his license. Yes, Robbie earned his 100,000 points and
sometimes a bit more...as he'd always been an achiever, gold stars from first
grade on, he worked assiduously. He knew he'd get an orgasm a week, and if he
could get a million positive points by their wedding night, signifying "manhood"
they could go on as real man and wife, with Robbie making love to Karin, and
Karin dropping all those other guys. He'd get blowjobs from those pouty lips....
She'd promised! But Robbie was always in the red...he hadn't had an orgasm in
three months...too many negative points.

It was so easy for Robbie to fuck up. And when he got these negative points, or
"demerits" as Karin called  them sometimes, he'd have to work them off until he
was back in the black. Karin had fired Robbie's maid, annexing the salary for
her Toad fund, and trained Robbie to do a better job of cleaning. After Robbie
cleaned the entire house Karin would go over it with a fine toothed comb,
holding her make up mirror inside the toilet bowl and that sort of thing.

Robbie might get five thousand positive points for cleaning, but lose five
hundred to a thousand points for every smudge left on the counter, or tiny
specks of dust in the corners of the garage. If Karin's clothes weren't
perfectly ironed, he got two hundred points for every wrinkle...and Robbie
wasn't much of an ironer...he'd never done chores as a child. Mother had had
lots of hired help for that.

And then there was a thousand demerit fine for what Karin called "your bitching
and moaning". Robbie had learned quickly not to complain about the cleaning
regimen, or Karin still keeping her legs closed, he'd even stopped complaining
about the Thimble...when it was on. But he couldn't quite stop begging to cum
during the teasing sessions.

 On the nights when Karin was home, as well as Saturday afternoons, and
sometimes after lunch during the week when Robbie had a slow day ahead of him,
Karin would strip Robbie down, binding him to any horizontal surface in the
house (favorites being the bed, the hassock and the kitchen table)

Dressed in skimpy halter tops, corsets, stockings, purple teddies, Merry Widows,
tiny lace bra and panty sets, or any sort of interesting lingerie, Karin would
then remove the Thimble. Then she'd rub, stroke, massage, pull, prod and tickle
Robbie's poor organ usually for between two to five hours a day.

 "Now you 're a bright, articulate guy." Karin would murmur, as she traced a
nail down Robbie's purple shaft, "So I expect you to entrance me with good
conversation and witty repartee while I do my important business here, Robin."

Robbie lost no points for his conversation degenerating.. Karin was always
amused by how quickly a discussion about Rumsfeld's troop placements would
degenerate into "...aah...ooh...it feels so good...I'm so hard, Miss Karin..."
Sometimes Karin would be irritated, and kept a metal ruler  to thwack him on his
cockhead...bringing him back on track. The guy had three graduate degrees, after
all!

Robbie tried hard not to beg to be released, or beg to cum...that was Karin's
decision whether he'd get to, and he wasn't really allowed to cum until Mondays
when he had his 100,000 points. But after 3 hours of Karin's fluttering ivory
fingers with long purple nails, his dick was in riot and Robbie would begin to
beg...

"Oh Mommy...Karin honey...please let me cum, oh please...I feel like I'm gonna
explode, why'd you put the cock ring on, oh don't play with my vein like
that...please!" The tantrum would begin, Though Robbie was securely bound, he
would attempt to kick his legs, and his lower lip would begin trembling.

Karin would sigh..."Oh, honey, you were doing so well, but that's another
thousand demerits. Can't you just lie there quietly?."

 "No, no" Robbie whimpered. "No more points. I'll buy you that CD player you
wanted for your car, I'll up the minutes on your cell phone...please let me
cum." Karin would lean over and slap Robbie's face.

" I am so hurt by your bribery, Robin. I will order the CD player tomorrow, but
that's ten thousand demerits, and I'm adding 30 minutes to your tease time."
Sometimes the tease sessions would last for seven or eight hours, if Karin's
fingers were feeling energetic, and Robbie's protests and complaints would put
him so demerited that he could not possibly work off the points.

Now and then, when Karin had a few drinks and was feeling generous, she would
allow Robbie to take off large numbers of demerits  with "quick punishment"

 "Spare the rod, spoil the fiancee" she would giggle, and she'd tie Robbie face
down to the bed, naked of course and give him a whipping with long sap switches
that she'd cut in Rock Creek Park, and left in the bathtub for a few hours...

"What do you have, baby...ninety-seven thousand points?" Karin would giggle as
she came over with the soggy branches, that could leave a vicious sting if aimed
right. "No, only eighty-nine, Miss Karin" would come the muffled reply.

Karin would start in on Robbie's rear end, breaking two or three saplings in her
efforts..finally Robbie would begin to scream. He'd never had corporal
punishment as a child, and Karin critically noticed how this affected his
behavior as well as his tolerance for pain.

"What? Are you crying already? We've only done seventeen swats! At a thousand
positives per swat, you still owe seventy-one thousand-" "Yes ma'am, I'll try to
be quiet." Robbie would sob, trying not to "bitch" But after five or six more,
Robbie would again beg her to stop, he'd still owe quite a few points, and Karin
would good-naturedly rub iodine into the welts as Robbie cried quietly.

It was a tough system, and even after he'd get the points down to something he
could work off by cutting around the edge of the lawn or something, but then
Karin would feel badly about the whipping and give him another stroking right
afterwards...there was more begging, and there he was again! "It's like you
don't want to cum, honey." Karin would shake her head. "You're three hundred
thousand demerits strong. At this rate you might not cum til Labor Day."

Karin's reverie was interrupted by Robbie staggering out of the kitchen...

"Oh, Miss Karin...I know I was wrong dropping crockery all over the place..." He
hung his tear-stained face, and Karin mentally counted the runs in his
stockings. Should she award demerits for that? "I've got to cum or I'll be ready
for St. Elizabeths." This was a DC nut ward. Robbie looked up, begging, and the
Thimble was poking up in the air, right between his legs...it looked like a
guided missile. "Can we do anything? I'll give up my game, I'll tell the guys
not to come." Robbie was shaking.

Karin smiled at Robbie. "Baby, I have a way, I think that you can cum tonight,
and not even miss your game...

 WHAT WAS KARIN'S PLAN?
FIND OUT IN "KARIN'S THIMBLE, BOOK III"




Karin's Thimble
Book III


Robbie finished wiping the kitchen baseboards excitedly, even though his knees
were hurting from being so bent over. There- the kitchen was in tip-top order.
He was so excited. What a sweetheart Karin is! She was so upset with him, giving
him a number of demerits for screwing up the kitchen chores and breaking
crockery. Robbie had to have a hundred thousand positive points by the first of
the week to jerk off to orgasm and he had to have a million positive points
accrued-with no negative to counterbalance them-to be able to screw Karin on his
wedding night in June. And then there would be no more terrible,  painful
Thimble-the prison of his unhappy erection. Robbie had really messed up this
afternoon, but Karin was so nice, she was going to allow Robbie to do some other
kind of "penance" to make up for his transgressions, and then he could jerk off,
not even waiting til Monday! Robbie might be cumming tonight!

 It had been so long since Robbie had had an orgasm-Karin didn't keep track of
it,  her orgasms of course were taken care of-but Robbie certainly did. He
hadn't had an orgasm in one hundred and two days. He'd fucked up one thing or
another, usually by commanding, begging or ordering Karin to let him cum during
the ten to fifteen teasing sessions she had, tying him down and playing with his
engorged cock for hours...he couldn't help it. After all that time without an
orgasm, her teasing was just unendurable. Karin's soft, effective fingers would
manipulate Robbie's cock and balls, touching just the right places to make him
go nearly mad. It was hell. Though highly stimulating at the same time, of
course.

The worst part was, on a Monday morning when Robbie didn't have his points and
was overrun with demerits.  Certainly the positive point Mondays were great, he
got  to jerk off and shoot a huge load, and his loads were huge, some months ago
Karin had punished Robbie severely because she had been playing with his cock
when he got out of the shower, and he'd been so long denied that he spooged all
over her nice blouse. Karin's boyfriend Toad had beaten Robbie with a razor
strop and Karin had given Robbie six hundred thousand negative points to work
off. 

But on Mondays when he was allowed to cum, he got to jerk off, not as nice as
screwing Karin, or getting Karin to jerk him off to completion-she always
stopped before he came, saying she thought her skin might be allergic to his
semen. "Toad's is nice." Karin had said meditatively. "When he shoots on my
face,  I think it might prevent wrinkles. Just kidding honey, don't cry."

So Robbie would have to jerk himself off...and it was wonderful cumming after
all that time, especially if he was late a few weeks with lots of demerits. But
when Robbie owed demerits, he still had  to go through the discomfort of lying
on the kitchen floor in his pink thigh high stockings, and he'd jerk off until
he was ready to cum, and then Karin would stop him. It was almost worse than
when she teased Robbie, as her long, manicured fingers were much more skilled at
treating and tormenting his dick-swirling, trotting up and down the shaft,
squeezing veins and tickling testicles...Robbie, poorly coordinated, just wanked
up and down.

Last Monday had been especially brutal for Robbie. His seven pairs of stockings
had been in the wash, yes, even the magenta ones, so he was wearing a pair of
Toad's old long johns with the crotch ripped out....it was horrifically
humiliating. His bare back freezing on the cold linoleum, Robbie had stared up
at his beautiful girl. "Now start stroking honey." Karin had whispered, bending
over to unlock the Thimble. Robbie had gaped into Karin's heaving bosom as she
bent down, fiddling with the lock. Oh, God, just to touch them once..."One day,
baby" Karin smiled. "You'll suck my candies if you ever get some serious
points!" How did she read his mind?

Karin was dressed for school in a snug leaopard sking top and a leather mini
that Robbie had bought for her when they went to the Washington Folklife
Festival earlier that fall. "But honey, I've got to get to work" Robbie had
whined. He'd do anything to get out of this frustrating experience, that Karin
said he needed to urge him towards earning more positive points. "I gotta dress,
and there's a meeting at work with a bankruptcy client." Robbie had said feebly.
Karin had reached down and squeezed Robbie's testicles, huge from backed up
discharge. Robbie screamed "You never use that excuse when you're going to have
an Orgasm Monday." Karin had kicked Robbie not so gently in the side. "That's
twenty thousand demerits for bitching again." Karin poured a bit of Astroglide
into Robbie's palm. "To paraphrase the announcer at the Indy 500, Gentlemen,
start your pulling!"

What could he do? Robbie had touched his dick for the first time since the
previous Monday, when he hadn't cum either. He almost had forgotten what a penis
felt like, the fveins and how quickly he could become fully erect. In the past
year and a half since Karin had introduced him to the Thimble, Robbie had
orgasmed so little that his penis felt like some kind of Louisville Slugger. He
had pumped slowly at first, and then faster as  Karin showed him her cleavage,
and refreshed her lipstick, making a "mouth" at him. As the semen was rushing to
the tip of Robbie's penis, and his legs began to shake, Karin had grabbed his
hand. "Calm down, baby..."

And then she'd said, "Start again." Robbie again began to pump feverishly,
faster and faster...maybe he could cum before she pulled his hand away. The
punishment for this would be unthinkable, but he had to cum. Karin had stepped
back and began shooting rubber bands into Robbie's crotch,  Robbie had ignored
the stings and continued to stroke his dick, thinking of the yellow string
bikini Karin had worn at the Hilton Sport and Health Club pool the previous
summer...or the little black one she wore at Ocean City...pump, pump...the low
cut purple one piece she'd had at Dewey Beach...Then Karin grabbed his hand
AGAIN. "Start again, sweetheart." On the tenth time of the start-and stop,
Robbie had physically resisted Karin's pulling his hand away, and she had been
forced to kick him in the balls. Robbie had almost passed out, and she'd
re-belted him.


Robbie winced at the past Monday memory now, as he put the dishtowel back on the
rack. Balancing himself precariously on his heels, Robbie walked back into the
sitting room where Karin was still reading Elle, chuckling silently, and heaving
her low cut blouse...Robbie's dick squirmed against the Thimble.

"Miss Karin?" Robbie asked softly. He would ask once and then wait patiently as
she finished the page. "Yes, honey?" Karin was all smiles now. She hated to be
hard on Robbie, but this point system was so important for him. This time
though, she'd found a good way to compromise, settling Robbie's sins and letting
him have his reward for another kind of penance than more chastity-it had been a
plea bargain of sorts.

Now Robbie smiled shyly. "I'm ready for my plea thing." Karin frowned. "Honey,
you know about plea bargains don't you? Criminals plea for lower sentences. You
don't know much beyond bankruptcy and corporate courts, do you, Robin? I
remember you telling me that you scorn your colleagues who go to court to do pro
bono volunteer work, but you watch 'Law and Order', right? That has the plea
bargain term." Robbie didn't understand completely. "Yes Miss Karin. And if you
ever want me to go defend some juvenile punk to make up my positive points..."

"No, baby..."Karin smiled at Robbie, as she turned him around and slipped
handcuffs  on his wrists. "God forbid you compromise your conservative religious
principles. We have to be tough on those thieving, drug using little bastards,
don't we?" Robbie smiled. Karin was starting to wake up about all that liberal
crap. Karin went on as she spun Robbie around again, and began unlocking the
Thimble.

 "You know, Robbie." Karins said, when our President was governor of Texas, he
was so good for the characters of some of my young relatives...my nineteen year
old cousin just did five years in juvie for stealing a lipstick...boy is she
changed! Thanks to you law and order Bible guys."

Robbie smirked a little. "Well, we're not taking a lot of thuggery in this
country, that's for sure.  Dad prepped with W. at Andover and he tells me that
43 is a straight shooting guy." Karin had now taken Thimble off, and was
sponging off Robbie's penis a bit, and of course it was getting terribly stiff.
"You are so right, Robin. You'll have this country in the hands of Jesse Helms
next, and he can just straighten up my family and friends."

Was there an edge to Karin's voice? But no, Karin was very tenderly rolling
Robbie's penis "hat" between the forefinger and thumb of her right hand.
"Wouldn't belong to any club that would have me as a member" she said out of the
corner of her mouth, pretending that she was Groucho Marx and Robbie's dick was
Groucho's cigar.

 Robbie was a fairly tall guy, and his crotch was just at Karin's chiin level.
She put her face very close to Robbie's cock and began blowing on the head as
she rolled the tip back and forth in her fingers. Robbie immediately began
getting very excited. And panting a bit. "Sound like an obscene caller there,
honey." Karin cracked. Karin took her other hand and began lightly scraping and
tickling Robbie's scrotum with her nails, alternately blowing and twiddling  as
well. Almost immediately, pre ejaculate began dripping from the tiny hole at the
tip of Robbie's penis, and Karin smiled. Karin began quickening her pace in the
twiddling. "Oh  honey." Karin murmured. "You are such a sexy, horny
stud-man...look at that boner! When you get your points and your man-privileges,
what a lucky girl I'll be." Karin squeezed just below the head. "God you'll be
pounding this in and out of my pussy and my -Karin made a kissing noise-"lips,
and it'll just be so good for us both." Robbie's legs were shaking slightly.

Karin had given him about eleven two-hour teases in the last three days. At this
point, even the slightest stimulation caused Robbie's groin to experience a
quasi-anyeurism.  "Look at  that penis roar!" Karin began humming as her fingers
traveled across the base of Robbie's shaft. She began pulling the skin back and
forth along the base, tickling his frenulum, and Robbie gritted his teeth...oh
he was afraid he'd burst down there.

Robbie's balls felt leaden. His cock was quite overloaded with semen and he felt
it thrusting towards Karin's fingers, which plucked and stroked and found every
terribly sensitive spot-oh how she knew how to tease! Karin tickled the
underside of his schlong again, stimulating the frenum. Karin turned the head of
Robbie's penis as if she were trying to open a door that was covered in
Vaseline, and then let go.

Karin then made a ring around Robbie's penis with her thumb and forefinger, and
pumped the ring up and Robbie's dick. When she got to the tip, Karin closed the
ring, then make Robbie's penis squeeze his way in as she  back down to the
bottom before letting go again.

"Look at you wave around honey, like you're conducting an orchestra." As
Robbie's cock bounced desperately, Karin began to sing a nursery tune,
paraphrasing a bit. "you put your right schlong in, you put your right schong
out" Karin blew a bit on the purple head. "you put your right schlong in, and
shake it all about, you do the Penis Pokey and you have a lot of fun." Robbie
was feeling like his scrotum sack was about thirty pounds-"and that's what it's
all about." Karin  could carry a tune, that was something.

Karin now began to pretend she was playing Robbie's frustrated rod like a
clarinet-drumming the shaft with her nails and blowing on the tip. Robbie felt a
deep, dullish pain at the back of his balls. He felt like he couldn't remember
the last time he got to shoot off his scum, and it must've been centuries ago.
What was embarrassing, besides the fact that he couldn't take his pants off in
front of other guys at the gym because of the humiliating Thimble was, his balls
now hung in a huge sack of backed-up scum...it looked like a punching bag, and
more than once Karin had flicked it back and forth with her pointed forefinger,
pretending she was a mini Mike Tyson... God, she's beautiful. Robbie looked down
at the ruby lips blowing air,  and then stared directly into Karin's
cleavage-was that a beige lace bra? "You are such a powerful guy, Robin..."Karin
looked up at Robbie in a supplicating way. "The Viagra doesn't even make a
difference, I guess."

 "Viagra?" Robbie looked horrified. "I'm not on Viagra!" Good God, that would be
insane. I'm not fucking, I'm not even cumming, much I wouldn't need it, and
besides, I don't need it anyway, I'm thirty-two years old. "Yes you are, honey."
Karin chuckled. "I put it in your Kari-shakes." Robbie prepared all the meals in
the house, but Karin knew how to make a really good chocolate-vanilla milk
shake, and she gave one to Robbie every day when he came home for lunch. Robbie
rolled his eyes.

No wonder he was so horny! That he'd be horny anyway with all this stimulation
and no orgasm was a given, but with fucking VIAGRA it would be of course much,
much worse. "Why-why do you have me on Viagra, Miss Karin?" Robbie asked, but of
course he knew the reason. "Well, I like it when you're a little horny, and when
you're a  lot horny, you are even more f un-"Karin giggled. "You are so
generous, and you look after everything, and you treat me like I'm a princess. I
like that."

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX


Four hours later, the handcuffed Robbie was now lying prone on the billiards
table in the basement rec room. There was that nasty leather cock ring just over
his balls, and his cock was squeezed to further intensity. Karin had stripped
to-es, a lacy beige demi bra and panty set. Karin's boobs were bouncy, and
pressed against the thin material of the beige bra, and Robbie kept praying that
at some point the bra would erupt.. Karin sat on the edge of the pool table,
high heels clicking against the side. Robbie gazed at her as if at a mirage.
Karin was so beautiful for all the hell she put him through, Robbie thought.
Karin had tied her hair back in a severe little bun,making her look like a semi
dressed young governess. She was almost more enticing in this regalia than she
was in her usual tube tops, short shorts, snug sweaters and belly shirts.

Robbie was exhausted. Karin had moved him several times over the past couple
hours. First, Karin had sat Robbie in the living room, and showed him some of
the lap dances she'd done in her late teens, working at the Cherry Forever club
in St. Louis. Robbie had never been to places like that, because Mother had told
him that they were vulgar.. he'd missed something.

Then for a while Karin had Robbie hanging from a ceiling eye hook in the Florida
room,  whacking him with various implements to help alleviate some of his sins,
and work a few demerits off. She'd used a spatula, rubber strap, school ruler,
razor strop and another one of those horrible hickory switches soaked in the
tub..but this one had thorns in it.  (this wasn't the first time Robbie had
experienced thorns. Once Karin had promised Robbie he could kiss  her bare
breasts if she let him whip his cock with nettles...he'd gone outside, stark
naked, held his hands behind her back while the awful process went through...and
then she'd told him she was kidding...and he could suck one of her bras
instead.)

The whipping today had been tough, and of course the thorns had again hit
Robbie's dick and balls "Because you enjoyed it so much last time, baby." Then
she'd stroked him a bit in the back yard as he was tied to a reclining chair.
And after that, they'd gone downstairs to the "play room" that Robbie had set
up.


Karin had put Robbie in an old-style Colonial pillory, and as Robbie was bent
over with his head and hands locked in the wooden stocks, Karin had beaten him
firther, and then gotten under the table and actually s ucked the head of his
penis for about forty-five minutes without, of course giving him the release
he'd begged for. Karin had never fellated Robbie before in the three years
they'd been together. It was wonderful in that Robbie was now confirmed in his
fiancee as giving just a wonderful blowjob, but it was horribly frustrating, and
it made Robbie sad to realize that she'd kept this wonderful skill from him,
while going out with all those blue collar guys on the side. He didn't have to
wonder whether they were benefiting!

Now in his second hour on the pool table, Robbie's limbs ached from being cuffed
so long. .and his legs were cramping. Karin had given his nipples an expert
tongue tease, and then put binder clips on them. Karin had thoughtfully laid a
long rubber sheet on the table before she'd put Robbie down, and it was slick
from massage oil. Karin had spent half an hour rubbing oil onto Robbie's rear
end, before slipping a small zucchini into his rectum. Karin had then focused  
the oil massage on Robbie's stomach and inner thighs, and vigorously into his
scrotum, penis and groin, before beginning to stroke his cock again. Karin used
a washcloth for  a bit to rub extra oil into Robbie's cock, and then used a
harsh, serrated gardening glove over her  massaging hand to press more oil in
before taking off the glove and returning to the use of her wonderful palm.
Robbie's cock was aching from Karin's ministrations, but it was an incredible
high as well...Robbie had never been this horny with a woman.

The leather cock ring was cruelly pressing against Robbie's testicles, and
whenever Karin stroked him a bit, it seemed like the snaps might burst...Robbie
was worried he might get blood poisoning or something from having the blood cut
off. Karin's casual stroking of his member made it seem like the leather strap
would explode, the tip of Robbie's penis might tear open, or Robbie himself
might have some sort of stroke...but Miss Karin knew what was best, and he
trusted her. She'd scared him a bit this year, suggesting she might get him a
smaller Thimble to keep him from getting erect at all, but anything she
wanted... Karin winked at him  now as she continued her ministrations...she had
such intense fingers! Enternal handjobs were like nothing Robbie had ever
experienced. He hoped it wouldn't be some test in the afterlife, like what
Tantalus went through.

"Miss Karin" Robbie looked pleadingly at his wonderful fiancee, as she stroked
his shaft with a long ostrich feather. "Yes, darling?" Karin asked absently. She
was fascinated by the way she could rub a greasy finger or a feather, or even a
piece of dental floss up and down Robbie's dick and just as she tickled the
penis "helmet" her fingers would withdraw, and Robbie's hips would dart up so
the head touched Karin's finger or whatever implement she had again. She
compared it to feeding a killer whale at   the Epcot Center. Frustrated penises
had fascinated Karin from early youth. As a teen, Karin, then called Muriel
Lenore Strydefsky  had tortured boys in cars, movie theaters, junior high school
boiler rooms, and various family couches with her cute little body. She knew how
to get the half back on the football team so revved up with her necking and
prodding that he would finally have to break  away from her and run in the
bathroom to jerk off.

Once Karin had been necking with her biology partner in his mother's car on a
back street, and an Irish cop who knew the poor boy from Mass had rapped on the
steamy glass. Karin had gotten out to "explain" to Officer Pawlicz, and had
pressed up against him earnestly, and the poor bastard had had to drop the whole
thing because he was afraid to lecture with a hard-on.  Karin/Muriel had left
the half-way house (with the point system that had inspired Robbie's training)
thanks to Mr. Curtis, her geometry teacher. Karin had sold her ass to a number
of teachers and rich students  at her public high school, amassing "get-out"
money, and Mr. Curtis was a prime discovery.

Mr. Curtis was a fat little guy who played Dungeons and Dragons for fun and had
a deformed thumb that he said came from an incident in Vietnam, but it was
probably just a birth defect....he loved Little Muriel/Karin. After Mr. Curtis
had paid for a couple of blowjobs, he'd shown Little Muriel several of his
magazines, and his chastity belt, and soon she was tying him up and using
Vaseline. Karin dressed in vintage Daisy Duke outfits, and soon began wearing
leather boots and bustiers in the classroom as well. Mr Curtis had her up front
as one of his A students. (not only did Little Muriel not know geometry, she
could barely master long division, but did it matter?) and she would cross and
uncross her legs as he trembled and the class would snicker at his hard-on.

After school the tarty sophomore and the schlubby teacher would go to his house,
and Little Muriel would make Mr. Curtis beg for some teasing. She would strip
him naked, whip his ass with his own belt, and tie him up and work on his cock
until he cried. After a time Little Muriel began putting the chastity belt on
Mr. Curtis, not just for their games, but  whenever he wasn't with her...and
Little Muriel finally got Mr. Curtis, desperate and obsessed, to take her out of
the group home, pay for her to become legally emancipated  at fifteen, and  move
her into his place.

By the time Little Muriel broke it off with Mr. Curtis, she had annexed his bank
account and gotten a good many gifts out of him...she then had turned him over
to her slutty cousin Natale, a pre-op transsexual, and she'd split to DC,
changing her name and identity. Natale often wrote her with details about Mr.
Curtis, who was now enslaved by five muscular gay "bears" that he supported on
his meager teacher's salary...but they all seemed content. Karin had done her
work well. Now Karin was quite pleased with Robbie's reactions to the system
she'd used for Mr. Curtis.

"Miss Karin?" Robbie spoke again. "When can I finish my penance so I can cum?"
Robbie sounded desperate. "I need to come about 30 times more than I did before
you started my afternoon tease. What can I do-anything-so I can cum tonight,
Miss Karin?" Robbie sounded close to tears. Karin rubbed a long nail across the
ridge of  Robbie's penis  "helmet"  "Anything? You sure about that, Robin?"
Karin stroked Robbie's cock in a pattern now,  ten slow and ten quick strokes.
She ran her energetic little fingers from Robbie's balls up to the tip of his
penis, and then swirled around the head a bit, toying with the pee hole by
poking a long nail in, just a bit, while Robbie writhed in pain. "Oh..please
that hurts, Miss Karin." Robbie was now weeping slightly. Karin pulled her hand
away. "I am so sorry, Robin. I didn't know my massage was getting on your
nerves, dear."

"No, no..." Robbie begged. "Please don't stop touching my cock!" Robbie began to
tremble. Like a heroin addict, he couldn't live with the touching, but he
couldn't live without it either. "Are you sure...I don't think so." Karin said,
irritated. "I have better things to do than play with that four-inch Vienna
sausage, you know." Robbie began to blubber. "No, no...it feels so good, your
nail in my little hole was just..." Karin laughed contemptuously. "Poor Robbie,
always bitching. I should put your dick through the garbage disposal." But she
began playing with Robbie's dick again. Karin brought her palm up to the top of
Robbie's glans and held it there, with her fingers held together and her thumb
pointed straight out.

 "Well, you know you will have to do penance if you want to cum..all this
whining has been horrible. Is penance worth it, Robin?" Karin spun her fingers
around Robbie's glans as if she were attempting to unscrew a beer bottle. Robbie
moaned loudly. "Do you appreciate me, Robin?" Karin dropped her hands down to
Robbie's balls  and began to squeeze them gently, pulling the testicles away
from the shaft. Robbie felt his dick being pulled to heaven by invisible forces.
How does she stimulate my dick by touching my testicles? Sometimes when he was
in the Thimble, she could just look at him, and he would thrust against the
sides. "Of course I appreciate you, Miss Karin...you're everything to me.."
Robbie's dick felt like it would ignite.

Karin gently bounced Robbie's balls in her palm. She rolled the testicles up
into the underside of his Robbie's quivering shaft. "That's so sweet of you to
say." Karin tapped a throbbing purple vein on the underside of Robbie's shaft,
near the frenum. Karin let go of Robbie's  nuts and brought her fingers together
over his cock. "Even when you're swaggering around, doing macho stuff like
watching football with the boys?" Karin rubbed Robbie's hard-on, running her
fingers  over the sensitive spot underneath his balls with the other hand.
Robbie was amazed that her hand never got tired. "I mean, whenever I listen to
you talking to your friends, it's "Fuck" this and "Bitch" that...kind of
immature, really."

Karin held Robbie's dick in a loose grip running her fingers in a drumming
motion on the underside. "You're going to get dressed in your black jeans and
your belt with the skull and bones buckle, and you and your buddies are going
scream for me to get you beers...Last time I was bringing you beers, your little
brother grabbed my ass, I think." Karin squirted lots of Astroglide onto her
hands and then returned to her work. "I mean, that's a real pain in the ass, so
to speak."

Karin brought her hands down on Robbie's shaft, moving them together up and down
in a pumping motion. "I'll talk to him, Karin. Bink is really young, that's
all."  "Oh, I know...he's a cutie...but why is Bink so obnoxious?" Karin shook
her lovely head.  She brought one hand down, and let it caress Robbie's penis
from tip to scrotum. Robbie's cock at this point was rigid and aching, and the
precum was dribbling out. "Baby..." Karin said gently.

 "Don't you think it's jerky to act that way?" With her other hand, Karin tapped
the head of Robbie's cock, rubbing with one hand and gently tapping with the
other. "Oh Miss Karin" Robbie moaned. "I didn't know you didn't like bringing us
beer...I don't mean to swagger around...we're all just, old friends, you know?"

Karin stood up on the table all of a sudden, standing between Robbie's splayed
legs. Karin stepped out of her panties as Robbie gaped. This had never happened.
Karin had never let Robbie see her naked pussy...and look at it! Robbie noticed
the careful bikini wax, and also that  Karin's pubic hair was not the color of
the blonde streaks on her  head. God, her inner thighs were beautiful! Robbie
watched Karin's vagina avidly, and he noted that it was glistening.

"Robbie...honey...I want you to be happy..." Karin lowered herself  until she
was on her haunches just above Robbie's straining dick. "I know you can be above
all that macho bullshit if you want to." Karin lowered her cunt until the lips
were brushing the tip of Robbie's bloated member, and began rubbing against it
enthusiastically. "Watching sports is such a drag, I think...how you guys deal
with it is beyond me." Karin began grinding the tip of Robbie's frustrated shaft
some more. Robbie felt as if his groin would soon either erupt in lava or die
instantly. Karin kept rubbing the very tip of Robbie's quivering organ, and then
she'd pull up, stroke herself a little, and then grind the helmet some more...at
some point she began humming the song "When I think About you I touch myself" by
the Divynls.

After about fifteen more minutes, Karin hopped off Robbie's crotch and put her
cunt over Robbie's mouth, and he serviced her through two orgasms. Karin then
put her panties back on...and began playing with his dick manually again. Karin
took Robbie's penis in both hands, her soft fingers gently touching the sides of
the shaft. She flicked the penis back and forth between her two palms, pinching
the loose skin of his shaft with her long nails. Karin placed both of her hands
side by side against the shaft and pressed hard against Robbie's engorged
cock.They felt so soft after the steel of the Thimble all week, Robbie
considered wistfully. "When you're home with me, in your nice pink stockings,
you are the perfect gentleman sort of " Karin giggled, Robbie blushed, and she
continued this peculiar penis massage. Karin began pulling Robbie's dick hand
over hand as if she were climbing a rope.

"They treat me like an object, those boys" Karin remarked "And I'm a human
being...remember what Simone De Bovour said, "When women act like human beings
they are accused of trying to be men." Karin began spinning Robbie's cock
between her slick palms as if she were trying to light a fire with two sticks.
"I just want you to different then them...to be the real you all the time,
honey...I want you to be a sweet, sensitive man." Karin tightened her thumb and
"fuck you" finger around the bottom of Robbie's shaft, just above the cock ring.
"And you love me, right?" Pressing down on Robbie's nuts, Karin stopped the
blood in his already purple organ, and made Robbie gasp. "Yes ma'am...I love
you."

Karin began spinning Robbie's dick between her palms as if she were trying to
light a fire, Campfire Girl style. "You know, Robbie, a sensitive man is a sexy
man." Karin squeezed the bottom of Robbie's shaft, tighter and the blood rushed
to the "helmet" of Robbie's cock. Karin flicked the ridge of the knob, and
Robbie flinched a bit. The glans of Robbie's cock looked something like a violet
golf ball.


 A caring, considerate man makes me so hot.. "Karin's left hand, squeezing
Robbie's dick event tighter began pushing up and down the pulsating shaft, very
slowly, as the progress was encumbered by her tight squeezing. "And he makes a
good father...I want to have kids with a  patient, sweet man." Karin tickled
Robbie's blue balls with her right hand, jerking the engorged cock with her
left. "I just want a husband who I know won't get drunk and hit me one day, one
I can feel safe around." Karin put her fist gently below Robbie's balls. "I
would never hurt you, dear Miss Karin." Robbie protested.  Karin pushed used her
fist to push the area between his scrotum and anus, while she jerked his cock
madly.

Robbie began thrashing wildly. "I can see you want to orgasm, and I'll give you
that privilege a little later, but we must work on your attitude." Karin let her
open palm swirl around Robbie's jerking, purple glans and the glans became
larger. Karin rubbed her open plam along the shaft, stopping occasionally to
make circular motions with her palm.

Karin rubbed the ridge of Robbie's glans and the tender skin underneath the
front and side of the cock head. "I know you want to be a sweetie, darling..it's
in you." Karin hopped off the table and went into the bathroom, coming out with
a cardboard toilet paper roll. By the time she'd returned, Robbie's penis was a
little more limp, which was far more comfortable, if not as arousing. Karin
pushed Robbie's dick through the hole in the paper roll and Robbie started at
the rough feeling of the paper against his lubricated skin. After Robbie's glans
poked out of the other side, Karin began stroking the tip. As Robbie's dick
began to swell as it did when he got a new erection the tube begame very snug
around his shaft and his glans bulged further out of the tube. Robbie gasped at
the rough treatment of the cardboard roll.   Karin rubbed Astroglide around the
cock head with an index finger for almost twenty minutes, and then Robbie's
penis actually ripped the paper roll opened. Karin laughed and ripped the whole
paper off, and went back to stroking Robbie's bare penis.

Karin paused to rub more lubricant on her hands, and massaged both hands over
Robbie's shaft, feverishly rubbing her hands around Robbie's penis as if she
were trying to keep them warm. Robbie tried to raise his hips, thinking that
perhaps this would enable him to cum in her hands, but Karin slowed her massage
down, laughing. Then Karin began rubbing the top half of Robbie's cock six times
quickly and then three times very slowly, while tickling his scrotum.  Robbie
kept gritting his teeth and trying not to move, but it was impossible.  Karin
stroked Robbie's ball bag with all her finger tips simultaneously running them
from the outsides down, until her fingers came together again, as if she were
picking cotton. Karin took her other hand and began twisting Robbie's glans and
then plunging her other hand down the shaft, pausing in the middle to shake
Robbie's hard on.

Robbie was in delicious agony. He had never gone through anything like this in
his life...his penis was almost numb in places from Karin's non ending massage,
and he felt his balls constricting now and then. He'd always scoffed at his
friends who talked about having "blue balls", he thought it was a trick to get
girls to put out, but he honestly knew his balls were rather blue...he looked
down occasionally and my God, they were very blue, and rather swollen. It scared
Robbie, because his testicle sack had been getting bigger over the last few
months of Karin's teasing, and he knew it was the backed up ejaculate. Would it
kill him?

Karin began  pulling Robbie's penis up and down with a very loose underhand
grip. She quickened the pace and then switched hands, moving to an overhand
pull. After about five minutes of this, Karin held Robbie's cock hard on the
down stroke, and began toying with Robbie's nuts. She gradually moved her hand
up the length of Robbie's shaft while maintaining her tight grip. Robbie  felt
as if he would combust any moment now.  "Well, honey we're going to give you a
chance." Karin then let go of Robbie's cock and re-grabbed the shaft, and
started up again with the same traveling hand on Robbie's testicles.


Karin kept pressing down against the skin of the shaft. Karin ended each stroke
with the other hand by encircling the glans with thumb and forefinger. "You're
going to prove yourself this afternoon. Do I have a devoted guy?"  As Karin
continued to press her fish into Robbie's scrotum she lowered it a bit to the
point where her knuckles were massaging his anus. Robbie had never had a feeling
like this before...rubbing his backside made him harder...was he gay?  Karin
opened her fist and began to run her lubricated forefinger up and down his ass
crack, teasing his anus, not penetrating, quite. Robbie gasped and Karin
chuckled. "Just wanted to see if you were paying attention." She took the thumb
and first two fingers of her other hand around his dick and gradually began
moving it up and down as Robbie moaned. "Don't whine baby, that's not what the
real guys do." Karin murmured gently.

Karin cupped Robbie's balls in her left hand and moved up and down the shaft
with her right, her long nails occasionally scraping the sides of Robbie's
penis. Karin varied the speed, bringing Robbie to the edge of orgasm before
quickly backing off  and beginning again. Robbie was trying hard to cum, Karin
noticed. Whenever she got too far along, Karin would take her hand away and then
wait a second or two for the passion to subside, and then she began again. Karin
took long strokes, squeezing the head every time she reached the penis tip. She
took the tip in both hands and began to energetically circle it with her
fingets, rubbing the glans, tormenting the glans ridge  and rubbing the glans
even more. At some point Robbie's stomach contracted and the tip of his penis
became scarlet. Suddenly Karin stopped and asked a question. "What time are your
pals coming over for kick-off?"




 ***********************************************************************

Brad Ferrante came up the steps of his good buddy Robbie's house at about three
o'clock. He'd brought the brew and was quite enthusiastic about the game they
were going to watch. Behind Brad,  was Skip, Robbie's roommate from college.
"You gonna ring the bell, Brad?" Skip asked him. "Yeah, of course I'm going to-"
Brad looked at Skip "Why wouldn't I?" Skip smirked. "Well that girlfriend of his
freaks you out, man."

Brad coughed. "No, it's all right." Brad threw his cigarette into the bushes.
Brad flexed a little. Brad was bigger and better looking than Robbie, Skip and
most of those friends, and his nickname at Swarthmore had been "the Silent
Predator" No chick was safe. But this Karin-- "I just think she's changed him a
little...he never joins us for  happy hour anymore..it's like he has to get
home, the other night it was to do some fucking ironing." Skip stared. "Yer
kidding. Ironing? She makes him iron?"  Brad chuckled. "Yeah, but the Rob-man's
happy, and frankly, I didn't think the guy would ever meet a woman who could
deal with his wussiness. They laughed nastily. Brad had actually known Robbie
since they were freshmen at Groton.

 Brad really had respected Robbie's studying talents---if Brad had studied
harder he might have become a surgeon instead of a goddam dentist-- and though
Robbie could drink huge quantities of Old Milwaukee's Best, and was a fearless
lacrosse player, rowed like a madman...but Robbie was always a suck up to girls
at the school mixers.  And you know chicks need a rough hand. That was why Brad
could treat most girls like shit, and still have four girlfriends at once...but
Karin was weird, intimidating. Brad finally rang the doorbell with some
trepidation.

The door opened, and Tucker, Robbie's law clerk looked out. "Hey...what's up."
Brad cocked his head and looked at Tucker. The guy looked pale white, as if he'd
just witnessed a lynching. "What's up, Tucker? Game started?" Tucker looked
behind him furtively. "It's weird in here, Bradley. I'm leaving." Tucker pushed
past Brad and Skip and vaulted Robbie's picket fence. Brad and Skip stared after
him, but then turned around as they heard Karin's lilting tones. "Brad, and
Hoppy!" Skipper  bit his lip, annoyed. She knew his fuckin' name.  Come on
in...Did Tucker just take off?"

Karin looked as if she was pretending to be confused by this sudden departure,
but really knew better..."He just split," said Brad, staring at her. "I think he
got sick or something." Karin smiled..."He did seem somewhat peaked when he got
here, your friend Jeremy was here and left all of a sudden, too, about ten
minutes ago." Brad looked at Skip. What the fuck was going on? "But come on in."
Karin said.

Karin put her hand on Brad's chest, and his cock stiffened. Even though Brad
thought Karin was a bossy, controlling type, he was sure hot for her. She was
even cuter than Stephanie, the hygienist Brad was humping...but Karin was so
fuckin' mouthy. But cute. Today Karin was wearing a tight black blouse with the
first four buttons undone, and her boobs were about to burst off the rest of the
buttons. There was a hint of Calvin Klein's Obsession perfume floating around
Karin's slender neck and Brad wondered whether maybe it wasn't worth it that
Robbie's girl was a little pushy.

They came into the living room and sat down next to Binky, Robbie's younger
brother. "S'up?" Bink punched Brad on the shoulder. Bink got on Brad's nerves,
he was such an arrogant little prick, been kicked out of Dartmouth and the Army,
and just got high all day, and lay on his waterbed for a livng. Bink seemed to
be in hilarity  about something, though. Seeing the question in Brad's eyes,
Bink nudged Brad and pointed towards the television, where a pre-game beer
commercial was commencing. Brad's eyes widened.

Kneeling near the TV was a skinny, naked guy wearing garters and thigh high pink
stockings, and black patent leather pumps, and nothing else, except for a large
baby bonnet that was partially covering his face. What the fuck was this freak,
Brad thought. The bonneted guy's dick was sticking out and it looked as if it
was streaming pre-ejaculate. The guy was gazing at the floor. "Hey Robbie!" Bink
called "Say hey to your buds, man." The bonnet continued to stare at the floor,
and Brad began wishing he'd left with Tucker. Why hadn't Robbie gone through the
Marines with Brad after college instead of that queer Peace Corps thing?
Obviously, if that was Brad, he was definitely fucked...but it couldn't be.
"C'mon Rob-Bin old boy...look up and say hi!" Nothing came from the kneeling
figure. The Peace Corps should be shut down, thought Brad stonily.

Karin walked carefully on her stiletto heels over to the kneeler and said
softly. "Robin,honey? Don't be rude to your friends. Say hello to Bradley and
Timothy." Skip looked annoyed, as he hated his first name. "Get up and shake
their hands, honey. You know Mommy likes you to be polite." Karin's tone turned
to gravel. "Robbie, you're annoying Miss Karin now. Do you want me to get the
strap?" The bonneted head still stared at the ground, though he began trembling
somewhat. Brad tried to look out the window, but he couldn't quite take his eyes
off this horrible spectacle. But maybe this was how Al Gore lived at home, who
knows? Karin sighed. "Do you want Mommy to replace the Thimble?" The bonnet
gasped. "This is only the fourth game of the season honey." Karin's voice became
soft again. You could wear the Thimble 'til Super Bowl time."

Finally, the naked man got up and turned, looking at Brad. It was Robbie indeed,
and boy did he look miserable. Robbie stared at Brad with pleading eyes. Just
let it go, man, he seemed to be telling Brad. Christ, it looked as if Robbie was
crying. Look at those fuckin' streaks on his face...that's tears running
mascara! Oh I'm going to be ill, Brad thought dispiritedly. Brad looked at the
floor and shook his head. He'd brought some brew, but he thought he might need a
V.O. for this game.


 Robbie stepped over to the guys on his heels, the balancing was difficult and
reached out his hand to Skip. "Hey man." Skip nodded weakly and shook the
outstretched hand. And then Skip shuddered. Brad looked quickly and  it seemed
like Robbie had painted his nails red...no they were really long, he was wearing
paste-on nails. They hadn't just grown, he'd played racquetball at the Club with
Robbie last week, and the nails had looked normal. Oh, this was sad. As Robbie
moved towards Brad, he spoke gently. "Dude, I don't want to shake hands." Brad
coughed. "But it's good to see you."

Karin waved at Robbie. "Baby, why don't you get the boys a beer?" Bink laughed.
"Yeah, fag-boy, get us some brew." Robbie gave Bink a look, and tottered off to
the kitchen. This must be awful for Robbie, Brad thought. He knew that Bink and
Robbie had always been competitors, and after their grandfather's death, Robbie
had been in charge of Bink's trust fund, and sometimes Robbie had been an
asshole about handing money out to the kid, though if Brad had a long-haired
little snot like that for a brother, he might've shot him.

As Robbie was shuffling into the kitchen, Brad noticed that Robbie's lower back,
buttocks and legs were covered with purplish welts and bruises. "I did that"
Binky chuckled. "I hit him with a belt, man." Karin came over and plopped on
Binky's lap, giving the twenty-three year old a nice thrill. "No, honey. You
gave Robbie a stropping with my dad's old razor strop...for insolence." Binky
began to laugh "Insolence, I can't stand it!" Karin smiled. Karin turned her
head to the kitchen and spoke loudly. "Robbie, get the boys some hors'd'ouvers
honey." Karin turned back to Brad, leaning her head against Binky's as Bink
began rubbing her right leg. Karin was wearing denim cut offs and seamed black
stockings, and Bink rubbed gently as to not put a run in the stockings.  Bink
buried his head in Karin's neck, and Brad got the impression that this was not
the first time Karin and Binky had been this "familiar".

"That's right, Brad." Karin smiled. "Robbie had the nerve to say that he didn't
want to wear his little bonnet and stockings in front of that little shit, he
called his brother a little shit, can you imagine?" Karin pointed at Binky, who
pretended to look hurt-"and so I had Binky give him thirty strokes with the
razor strop for impertinence." Binky began laughing again, and buried his head
in Karin's shoulder once more. His shoulders shook as he laughed, and Brad
wanted to kick the shit out of the little bastard. This is your BROTHER. What
the fuck was going on, Brad thought. Skip was just gazing at the television in a
daze. Brad shook his head. Bink had just moved his hand into Karin's blouse and
began squeezing Karin's right tit. Brad felt himself getting aroused, somewhat.
He had a feeling he wouldn't be focusing much on the game today.

The kitchen door opened, and Robbie came out, being very careful with a tray of
canapes, brie and crackers, and a few glasses of beer. Brad had never drank beer
out of a glass before a football game before, but then again, there was a lot of
weird shit about this game, this afternoon. Brad could tell Robbie was having
trouble balancing his heels, as of course they were too small for him, and
Robbie was moving precariously. Robbie's long red press-on nails were
encumbering his grasp of the tray and it seemed to be slipping. Suddenly Bink
tossed a cushion at the tray, and Robbie jounced it and tripped, falling
down."Jesus!" Brad shouted. "The fuck's wrong with you, Bink...Karin, he's a
psycho." Bink was, too...he'd been on Ritalin since he was a fetus. This served
Karin right for fooling around with her fiance's immature kid brother. But then
Karin gave Binky a long kiss, and jumped up.

As Brad stared in horror, Karin walked over to the sprawling figure of her
pitiful fiancee.  "What the hell's wrong with you?" Karin kicked Robbie in the
side, and Robbie rolled over, smushing fallen brie cheese into the Oriental rug.
"Jesus, my carpet." Karin said with gritted teeth. Robbie looked up helplessly.
"Miss Karin, Binky threw the pillow, I couldn't help-" Karin kicked Robbie
again, viciously. "That's right!" she shouted "Blame your poor little brother."
Binky snickered. "He's just out of rehab a month, and you're being a tattle-tale
on him." Karin kicked Robbie again. "You spend all your time telling me how much
better an athlete you are than your poor little brother is now, and you can't
even fucking dodge a pillow?" Karin pulled on Robbie's elbow and he got up.

Brad was immobile at this point. What the hell was this scene, man. Skip sounded
like he was retching...Brad couldn't blame him, but his dick was sort of hard.
Karin's blouse was another button open...


Robbie covered his face into his cupped palms and began sobbing. Brad shook his
head. This was tragic. Still, he was aroused. Karin bent over and picked up a
wooden paddle that was lying under the coffee table, and  led Robbie to an empty
chair, where she sat down, pulling him over her lap. "His butt doesn't look good
now, man." Skip whispered. "She shouldn't-" WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! "You are  the
clumsiest" WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! "Most pitiful creature" WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!
"I've ever known." Karin spoke loudly as she whacked Robbie's bottom. The paddle
was made of thick wood, and was nearly the size of Robbie's ass, Brad thought.
The welts and blisters that had been left over from Bink's earlier whipping of
his older brother were now bursting into bloody pulps with the swats of the
nasty wooden paddle.

WHACK! WHACK! "I  can't believe I'm going to marry a loser-" WHACK! "Like
you..." Karin hit Robbie about fifty times, and then ordered him to his knees.
"Lick the blood and crap off this nice paddle." Karin ordered. Robbie began
licking red and purplish scum off the paddle, grimacing. "It's just a sacrifice,
man." Bink said. "Remember when you wouldn't pay my drunk driving fine, man? You
said sometimes you gotta take your medicine...your turn, Rob-bo." Karin laughed.
Brad was getting harder, and noticed that Robbie's erection hadn't even subsided
a bit, despite his brutal paddling. His dick was shaking, but harder than ever.

"Binky-boo." Karin spoke to Binky tenderly. "Why  don't you take big Bubba into
the den and give him a few with the strop while the boys and I watch the game?
Give him about twenty, and then make him kneel in the corner, and then give him
some more. Space it, so you don't kill him." Karin giggled. "Robbie doesn't
deserve to watch football, the clumsy loser that he is. But first-" Karin looked
at Robbie sternly. "Clean up the mess you made!" Robbie got down and gathered up
the glasses, and wiped up the smushed brie and crackers and carried the stuff
back into the kitchen, his shoulders shaking with tears. Robbie came back out a
minute or so later. "Miss Karin, please don't let Binky whip me..." Robbie was
weeping heavily. "I can't stand it." Karin smiled. "All right do you want  to
get back into the Thimble?" Robbie looked at Binky. "Let's go." Binky snorted.
"Let's go what?" "Let's go, sir." The brothers went into the den and closed the
door.


At six o'clock the final minutes of the football game were over. Brad and Skip
had not spent much attention on the game though-they'd heard lots of whacks and
screaming from the den, and  it had not been just a few minutes, either. At
half-time Skip had left, mumbling to himself, but Brad had stayed on. There had
been a bunch of whacks, then a long pause, when it sounded like Bink was
moaning. Before he'd left Skipper had whispered to Brad with horror that he'd
heard Robbie's voice on the way to the bathroom, and Robbie'd told Bink "I can't
swallow any more, and then heard Bink begin hitting Robbie again. Half an hour
before the game was over, there had been noise from the upstairs, and the
biggest, meanest looking biker Brad had ever seen had come downstairs, covered
with tattoos. The biggest tattoo had said "I'm the Toad" on his bicep. Brad had
been convinced the Toad was a burglar until Karin had given him a kiss and asked
him if he wanted to sit down. Cursing, the Toad  had ignored the game and gone
into the den and there had been a great deal more whacking, and more moaning and
Robbie'd screamed a bit, and then the biker guy left, counting money that
apparently Robbie had given him.

Finally the den door opened, and Bink came out in his jockey shorts, pulling
Robbie on a leash. Brad shook his head. Robbie was now crawling on his hands and
knees. His once pretty pink stockings had huge rips in them, and the patent
pumps were gone. Bink pushed Robbie over to where Brad was sitting. Karin, who
had thoroughly enjoyed the game, as Brad had explained it to her. (While she had
her hand on Brad's knee) looked at Robbie. "So, you've learned your
lesson...from Master Bink and Master Toad, right? you'll be a better sissy maid
next time, I hope?" Robbie's bonnet had been removed and his hair looked sticky
and matted. Robbie raised his eyes to Karin's. His face looked as if it had been
hit with rocks, he had been crying so long...three hours of hell in the den.
Brad shivered. "Yes, Miss Karin, I learned my lesson. May I please, PLEASE go in
the bathroom and release myself now? It's been four months and you promised."
Robbie looked at his still surging penis. "Please, now?"

Karin looked at Binky. "Binky, did your big brother give you a nice time in
there?" Binky swaggered. "Yeah, Karin...he blew me three times, and the Toad
twice, and then we both took him in the ass...it's really not that tight a fit
since you got that dildo, babe...I think it  hurt Robbie more, us fucking him,
since his butt was so whipped." Karin chuckled and looked at Robbie who was
trembling. Robbie looked up at her, and rubbed his very red, bleeding bottom in
memory. "I hope you sucked the turd stuff off both your Master's cocks after
they fucked you, Robbie." Binky nodded. "You can be sure of that, let him wank,
Karin. Even I feel sorry for him at this point."

Karin sniled. "All right, Robbie." Start your whacking!" Robbie looked at Karin.
"I can't do it in the john?" Karin's eyes narrowed. "You're lucky I don't make
you do it in front of an open window, honey...what do you have to hide now?"

"All right, Robbie..." Karin smiled. "Start your whacking!" Robbie looked at her
"I can't do it in the john?" Karin's eyes narrowed, and Robbie sighed, getting
on his knees. Robbie grabbed the base of his cock and began rubbing it up and
down, and Brad could see that Robbie had not jerked off in quite a while...his
dick was streaming pre-cum, and Robbie looked like he was in ecstasy. After
about three minutes of jerking, Robbie's stockinged legs began to quiver., and
it looked as if he were about to come. "Stop!" Karin grabbed Robbie's hand.
"What's wrong, Miss Karin?" Robbie looked miserable. "What'd I do? Can't I cum
now?"

Karin stroked his cheek. "Honey, you're being rude to your host...don't you
think Bradley might like it if you let him release, too? You're such a good
little cock-sucker now." Binky fell off a hassock laughing, and Robbie began
shaking his head, as did Brad. "Hey Karin...I guess you're into S&M or M&M, I
don't know, but I don't want Robbie sucking my dick." Brad was about to get up,
and Karin dropped a hand on his shoulder. "It won't be so bad, honey." Karin sat
down next to Brad and took his hand, placing it on her left breast. "Just kiss
me, and you can take off my top, and you won't notice anything." Karin looked
down at Robbie. "Undo his pants, and suck him while you jerk off." She said in a
steely tone. Brad was about to protest, but Karin stuck her tongue in his mouth,
and he began squeezing her tit. He just barely felt his zipper being pulled
down...and before he knew it, he had cum in Robbie's mouth...Robbie'd sucked
Brad's penis as Karin had sucked his lips...he barely heard it when Robbie
orgasmed,and then had to be hit with a strap by Binky to continue sucking...he
was so focused on her...Brad felt like he'd do anything for Karin...

**********************************************************************

Fifteen months later, Brad was watching yet another  Dolphins football game,
again at his friend Robbie's house. Robbie and Karin were married now, and had
football parties nearly every Sunday. Things had changed a lot in the past year,
and Brad's attitude towards the peculiarity in his friend's relationship was
completely different now. In fact, Karin and Robbie were his most trusted
friends, and he enjoyed their get togethers immensely. As Brad watched Brian
Griese throw a pass, he was nudged somewhat sharply. Brad looked up at Binky,
Robbie's little brother. "I was just watching Griese throw." Brad said
apologetically. "Dude" Binky responded, "You're not foucisng on what's important
here." Brad flushed. "I was just watching a little." Bink slapped Brad's face
lightly. "A little what?" Binky's eyes gleamed. "I was just watching a little of
the game, SIR." Binky chuckled, and slapped Brad again. "Good boy."

Brad cowered on the floor, where he was kneeling naked, except for purple
stockings, stiletto heels and his Thimble. Seven bearded  members of Toad's
motorcycle "club" called the Sloths, were leaning back on the couch with their
pants down, and Binky was sitting in the middle, his polo shirt a sharp contrast
with the Sloth's denim vests and wife-beater tank tops. Brad had just spent most
of the first hour of the game fellating the first five guys and now Binky, and
he'd tried to take a little break, but Bink had wisely reminded Brad of his
priorities. "Look, Brad." Bink said earnestly, his hand on Brad's naked
shoulder. "You've been doing real good, and Toad's proud of you, he told me so."

Brad blushed with pleasure. "But you gotta keep your mind on the servicing of
our dicks. Maybe if you finish the last of us, Ralphie there" Bink gestured at
the only guy left with his pants still on. "Then you can watch a little of the
game, you know? But do a good job. You don't want to have to go in that den, do
you?" Brad turned and listened to Robbie's howls in the den as Brad's own
master, the Toad and Karin, Robbies wife  worked Robbie over with a razor strop
and a car aerial. It was true. Though Robbie had been sucking dick for a year
longer than Bradley had, he still bit when he was supposed to suck, and couldn't
get his beef into it.

Brad bent over to Binky's cock, and began sucking the glans, as Bink liked it.
Brad licked the underside of Binky's cock, and Binky began to moan. The other
bikers, all of whom with the exception of Ralphie had already been satiated by
Brad, began chanting "Suck, Bradley, Suck, ssuck you little ffuck." As Brad took
Bink's dick deeper down his throat, moving his lip-glossed mouth up and down the
shaft  while his paste on nails tickled Binky's testicles, he thought of what
Toad had said as they'd driven here from Brad's house, where the couple lived
now.

"Brad, honey." Toad had chuckled, steering Brad's Ferrari as Brad's head had
bobbed up and down Toad's crotch. "You got a mouth like velvet. If you mess up
sucking any guys dick there, you'll get it from me and Karin in the den, and if
I have to give you the strop-ooh that's good sucking-I'll add thirty days to the
85 you've already gone without cumming." Brad had taken Toad deeper down his
throat, listening. " But if there ain't no complaints, you may get to jerk off
tonight."

Four hours and ten fellated men later, Brad was thinking of his masturbation
session tonight as he finished off Bink. Forget the game. Brad could read about
it before doing that root canal on Mrs. Kontas tomorrow morning He'd give Bink
and the other guys a second bj just to please them, and get a good report for
Toad. As Binky shot his wad down Brad's throat, Brad listened absently to
Robbie's howls and dreamed of  his orgasm, hopefully that night!

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





