BDSM Library - Pearl of the Orient




Pearl of the Orient
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An oriental princess is kidnapped and taken to a middle east harem as a gift for a powerful prince.
Pearl of the Orient-1

by Bruleo


Crowds of onlookers surrounded the bay of Sayama located at the northern tip of
Japan. The giant arab floating vessel swept slowly through the still waters of
the harbor, with only the unfurled hemp sails of the forward of her three tall
masts wind blowing her to anchor someways from the docks. Most ships from the
the middle east follow the course set by Marco Polo some three centuries earlier
and continue on to China but Kalid had made this voyage several times before for
prince Hali Ahmed to buy fine silk and exquisite pearls as well as rice and
other staples.

A small rowboat was lowered from the massive ship and rowed towards the docks by
two sailors, right behind them sat Kalid and captain Dey. When they stepped on
the dock, Kalid and captain Dey were greeted by the emperor of the northern
region, Mai Kimiya, his seventeen year old daughter princess Mako and her
fiance, Seto Kuramoto. Having made this journey several times and studying the
Japanese language, Kalid could communicate quite well with the merchants of the
city. Kalid was instantly taken by the alluring beauty of princess Mako, her
eyes were mesmerizing, a deep dark brown, her long, straight tresses, silky and
coal black. Even slight of build as she was he could see beneath her traditional
kimono that she had blossomed into a curvaceous young lady.

One of the many spectators amidst the crowd standing behind the royal welcoming
committee was Maya, a young, pretty girl of nineteen. Maya hated princess Mako
and for good reason. Maya herself was in love with the handsome Seto and had
actually been engaged to marry him herself until princess Mako lured him away,
flirting and using her wiles to get his attention until he could no longer
resist her fetching beauty. Now the two of them were to be married in one week,
Maya seethed with revenge on her mind as she thought about what princess Mako
had done to her and how much she had lost.

The week had gone smoothly and was productive for Kalid, he had exchanged gold
for valuable merchandise that was now stored safely on his ship which was ready
to set sail in the early morning. Kalid was resting in his quarters when he
heard a light knock on his cabin door, a sailor informed him that a young
Japanese girl wished to speak with him, with a puzzled look on his face, Kalid
asked him to show her in, a short minute later a young lady clad in a flowered
kimono entered.

"Master Kalid, my name is Maya, I live in Sayama with my mother and father."

 Kalid appeared somewhat annoyed.

"Yes girl. what is it you want?"  

The girl that had at first been brazen and confident now seemed embarrassed and
unsure of herself, her voice low and trembly.

"Well master Kalid, I..I...well I saw how you looked at princess Mako upon your
arrival."

Now Kalid's voice spit anger at the young girl. "What business is that of
yours.?

"I have heard rumors about the harem of prince Hali Ahmed and thought princess
Maya would make an unusual addition, it is well known that she is a virgin and
maybe she would even enhance your position with the prince." "Does the prince
have a slave from the orient in his harem and one so beautiful as princess
Mako?"

The arab tweaked his beard between his fingers and thinking what the girl said
made sense, at least as far as pleasing the prince and increasing his own worth,
but the risk, that was indeed another matter.

"Speaking as you are girl could get you beheaded and perhaps result in my own
demise, you must hate the princess with a vengeance."

Maya, ignored what he said. "I know a secret entrance into the palace and also
where the princess sleeps, we can easily get in and out without being noticed."

She had Kalid's attention now. "Go on young girl." 

"Everyone knows you are set to sail early morning, so it won't be suspicious
that you have left the harbor." "There are many bandits and heathens roaming the
surrounding hills and that will be the first place searched, it will take days,
if not weeks and besides there are no ships in the harbor as fast as yours and
no one knows what land or port you come from." "When you return next time, if
you do, just pretend you know nothing of princess Mako's disappearance and no
one will be the wiser."

It was as easy as Maya had said. Princess Mako's body was even more shapely than
he had imagined when hidden beneath her kimono, she was sleeping peacefully,
nearly naked as he pressed the ointment drenched rag over her mouth and nose,
she woke with start, but after several seconds her body went limp. Kalid carried
princess Mako"s lifeless form over his shoulder as Maya led the way through the
secret tunnel, even exposed to the danger as he was, Kalid could feel the sexual
excitement as his hand, held firmly against her smooth, satiny skin sent erotic
impulses to his wildly reeling brain.

Maya smiled as the great arab ship sailed silently from the harbor. Princess
Mako was now part of it's cargo, headed for a life of  sexual slavery on the
very night before her wedding day. The young girl couldn't stop smiling.

      ......................................................




Pearl of the Orient-2

by Bruleo

The five loud trumpeted sounds of the hunting horn signaled the return of Kalid
and prince Hali Ahmed's ship carrying the awaited cargo. This sent the palace
scurrying with excitement but as usual the prince sat patiently in his large,
luxurious receiving room waiting for Kalid to report his purchases and to share
any tales of the strange land he had once again visited. Before anything else
Kalid always reported to prince Hali Ahmed first and was most anxious to do so
on this occasion.

The prince arched a surprised eyebrow and raised up from his throne like chair
when Kalid walked in followed by two black eunuchs wearing nothing but their
usual loin cloths and sandals, they each carried one end of a flawless,
handcrafted wooden chest with beautiful Japanese archaic figures and designs
engraved in it's surface. Kalid motioned for them to set the chest on a large
marble topped table, which they did and then stood dutifully at attention at
either end of the table.

"Welcome home Kalid." the prince greeted him.

Kalid bowed. "Thank you your highness."

The prince approached the chest, running his hand across the intricate carvings.

"This is truly a magnificent work of craftsmanship, I grant you Kalid, but
hardly the type of merchandise you normally would present me with first." "It
however, will make a fine gift for my daughter Aisha."

Kalid smiled outwardly. "I know your highness' high regard for the perfectly
sculptured pearls found in Japan, so I have brought you the most precious and
perfect pearl to be found in the entire orient."

Kalid opened the lid to the chest and pointed his hand towards the bottom of the
opening.

"I present to you your highness, your own personal pearl of the orient."

Prince Hali Ahmed stepped forward, peeking into the open chest, his eyes popping
wide open, partly in surprise and partly with delight. He gazed in silence at
the golden hued, naked body of princess Mako, her hands beneath her, bound with
silken cord, her delicate ankles crossed and also bound, between her teeth was a
metal bit such as horses wear, pulling viciously against the corners of her
tender mouth and buckled tightly behind her neck. She appeared dazed, her eyes
glassy and unaware. Kalid finally broke the silence.

"She is a real hellcat, we forced much opium into her lungs to calm her down,
however the cobwebs in her brain will soon disappear, her name is Mako, a
princess, daughter of an emperor and best of all she is a virgin."

The prince laughed. "You brought her on the long voyage home and she is still a
virgin?"

Now Kalid smiled. "I said she is a real hellion, I had to keep her mouth pride
open with wooden blocks, but rest assured, she tasted my seed and carried it in
her belly." "I lubricated her rear passage way with half the lard on board but
she was still too tight to penetrate, squealed like a pig though at my feeble
attempts, but I bring her to you your highness with her virginity still very
much in tact and at your disposal."

"You are a loyal supporter, your diligence will be well rewarded."

Kalid bowed. "You are most gracious your highness."

The prince motioned for the eunuchs to remove Mako from the chest, she moaned as
they lifted her by the arms, holding her upright between them for the prince'
inspection, her legs crossed and bound, unable to stand on her own, a reservoir
of spittle drooling beneath the metal bit, the wetness shinning on her bare
breasts and stomach. Prince Hali Ahmed looked into her exquisite, almond shaped
eyes, the pupils dilating, indicating the beginning recovery of her fogged,
opium induced trance. His lust filled eyes surveyed her slender girl/woman body,
his hand gently touching each of her lovely pert breasts that promised even
better delights to come with full maturity. At the direction of the prince one
eunuch held her fast while the other released her ankle bindings, she wobbled at
first, her leg muscles stiff and tight but quickly recovered her balance. The
prince leaned forward and removed the metal bar from between her teeth and Mako
began to scream in Japanese.

"You ugly arab pig, I will have you roasted over a fire and your flesh fed to
the dogs."

"What did she say Kalib?"

"Only that she is a princess and should be treated as royalty." Kalib lied.

The prince laughed. "Oh, she thinks she is still royalty, does she?"

Suddenly Mako charged the prince and set her teeth firmly into his right arm,
although robed in loose fitting sleeves she was doing substantial damage to his
flesh. Quickly, but not soon enough to prevent the breaking of his skin, one of
the eunuchs came to his rescue, finally pulling her off the princes' arm.

Prince Hali Ahmed screamed at the eunichs.

"The insolent slant eyed bitch dares to bite me?" "Take her to the delivery room
at once, strap her down, legs high and wide, I want her fully open, do you
understand?"

Both of them spoke simultaneously. "Yes your highness."

They carried a screaming and struggling Mako from the room by her shoulders and
feet.

A grinning prince turned to Kalib. "I see what you mean by her temperment but I
have just the treatment to calm down a wild filly such as she is." 
     ..................................................




Pearl of the Orient-3

by Bruleo

Just as ordered by the prince, Mako was in the infirmary room, a specially
equipped room used to deliver forced breeding babies and other delicate
procedures. Mako was lying on a long padded table, placed on her back, straps at
her neck, chest, stomach, elbows and wrists. Her legs however were pulled wide
and back by ankle straps attached to metal rings in the ceiling. When the prince
entered the room he was accompanied by his fifteen year old daughter Aisha.
Aisha stood between Mako's outstretched thighs, as with most oriental women her
dark pubic hair was fine, straggly and unkept, her cuntal lips yawning
indecently from the strain, her legs held high enough that her buttocks lifted
off the table clearly exposing her puckered anus.

"So this is what the commotion is all about, I agree she is quite lovely except
maybe for the bush between her legs."

Mako could barely move her head but she turned it just enough to look the prince
in the eyes.

"Your mother is a whore and must of been fucked by a dog in order to conceive
you."

Quickly the prince turned to Kalid standing directly behind him. "What did she
say?" "Tell me."

"She was begging for mercy your highness and for you to spare her any pain.'
Kalid lied again.

The prince ordered her gagged, an elderly mid-wife stuffed some wadded up fabric
in her mouth, holding it in place with another strap.

Aisha looked at the prince. "May I train her for you father, please, may I?" She
whined like the near child she was.

"I don't know Aisha, you have no experience in that area yet and you don't speak
Japanese."

"None of your trainers speak Japanese either and Kalid can help with that."

Kalid nodded his approval to them. The prince sighed out loud.

"Very well, we shall see but for the moment we need to tend to the punishment
befitting biting your owner and master."

For poor princess Mako her first punishment at the hands of her owner is too be
one of the severest. She has been sentenced by prince  Hali Ahmed to have her
clitoris removed, the clitoris of a virgin who has yet to experienced the
pleasure of an orgasm and who pitifully never will. The mid-wife, while elderly,
was experienced in such matters and went about her business as if the other
three weren't even present. She held up several strands of Mako's pubic hair and
sliced through them with a small, sharp edged knife, cutting them down low,
close to Mako's parted slit, she repeated the procedure until only stubble
remained between the apex of Mako's thighs. The mid-wife next saturated the
short stubbs with a mixture of warm water and soap, then used the same knife to
scrape away the last of Mako's bush, even removing a stray hair or two from the
widened crease between her twin cheeks. Mako was passive, not able to move
anyway and not yet realising what was about to be done to her, something that
she would have to bear for the remainder of her days on
earth.      

Mako did mumble muted protests into her gag when the mid-wife touched the
entrance to her womanhood, with nimble fingers the old lady spread Mako's lips
like splitting a fig, then with a probing finger easily found the fleshy
protective cap covering Mako's love bud. The dethroned princess struggled
indignantly in her bonds while the old lady expertly massaged the sensitive spot
until Mako's expanding clitoris sprang from it's hiding place in a state of high
arousal. Mako's valiant struggles increased as the mid-wife continued her tender
caressing until Mako's expanded nub was bright red and throbbing with expected
release, Mako's sounds and slight movement changed in tone and meaning, her hips
twitching involuntarily in rhythm with the magic finger of the old woman. The
women kept her face forward but spoke so as the prince could hear her.

"She has a splendid, long clitoris and she responds well, like a bitch in heat
but she is ready now for the procedure, shall I continue your highness?"

It was if the mid-wife felt pity for the lovely young virgin, hoping that maybe
the prince would change his mind.

"Yes, keep on with your duties old lady."

Mako's almond shaped eye widened to circles when she saw the glean of metal in
the mid-wife's hand. It was a different knife, one used specifically for pruning
unwanted flesh and skin. Mako screamed hysterically into her padded mouth, tears
streaking her high cheek bones when the blade made contact with her still
engorged clitoris and began to clip and cut away the flesh. After just a few
moments the mid-wife spoke to the prince, once again as if angling for a
reprieve for the sobbing and pain filled young maiden.

"I have removed her clitoris your highness but have left some nerve endings
below the surface, although difficult, she could receive some pleasure."

Prince Hali Ahmed, with his sleeve rolled high, looked at the indentation of
Mako's teeth marks in his right arm.

"Make the cut deep, she is to have no pleasure."

Mako's sounds were now animal like mewing as the Mid-wife cut away the remaining
nerve endings, the toppled princess had now been gelded like an unruly pony. The
old lady applied the sticky substance of a plant to cauterize the wound and help
control the surprisingly little blood flow.

Aisha teasingly held a white, hairless cat in her arms and stood menacingly over
the near unconscious girl, she held Mako's clitoris on the tip of her index
finger and held it to the cat's mouth. the cat lapped out his tongue and eagerly
ate the tiny appendage.

The prince smiled, thinking maybe his young daughter could train Mako to be an
obedient slave after all. He motioned Aisha to his side and pointed out Mako's
obviously tiny and very tightly puckered anus.

My loyal friend Kalid attempted to bugger our princess but she shamelessly was
unable to accommodate his manhood, as part of her training her rear entrance
must be able to pleasure Kalid without difficulty.

Aisha threw her arms around the princes' neck.
"Oh thank you father, you are going to let me train her."

      ..........................................................




Pearl of the Orient-4

by Bruleo

"Yes my dear Aisha you may train her but remember she is to be brought back to
me as an obedient virgin. I stress the word virgin, you are to be careful not to
rupture or damage her hymen, it must be only prince Hali Ahmed's manhood that
first pierces the membrane and enters the young dethroned princess' most sacred
orifice."

"Oh yes father." Aisha was delighted. "You will not be sorry, you will see, she
will willingly spread her legs for you and beg you to take her maidenhood and
your dear friend Kalid will enjoy her royal rump as well which will fully and
graciously accommodate his entire length.

     .......................................................

The young daughter had thought out her plan of training quite well, she knew
that Mako would require about five days to fully recuperate from the ordeal of
her operation but did not want those days to be wasted. Her plan was to have
Kalid teach her about five words or phrases in arabic each day during the five
day period but knew that the stubborn Mako would not learn them willingly
without an inducement of some kind, as in most harems the fear of pain was
usually the most successful method in bringing an unruly slave to his or her
knees.

A naked and distraught Mako hung by her wrists from the ceiling of the dungeon,
the balls of her feet supporting her weight, her silence ensured by a leather
piece that covered the lower extremity of her face, her cheeks bloated by the
massive ball of padding filling the cavern of her mouth.  Aisha stood directly
in front of her while Kalid stood off to one side. Aisha knew that Mako was both
physically and mentally weakened by what had been done to her and intended to
take quick advantage of the situation in both areas, she still continued to
stand in front of her captive for intimidation purposes but her words were
translated into Japanese by Kalid.

"You are no longer considered to be of royal heritage, you are no longer a
princess but nothing more than a lowly slave who's sole existence is to pleasure
others." "From this day forward you you will be known as and respond  only to
slave Pearl, the Pearl of the Orient." "You can thank your friend Maya for your
new status as slave Pearl, I know that we certainly do."

The tethered slave raised her head slightly at the mention of Maya's name.

"That's correct slave Pearl, you have been beaten by your rival Maya, she
planned your abduction and is probably at this very moment in the loving arms of
your handsome fiancee Seto, it is Maya, not you who will share his bed as his
faithful wife."

Slave Pearl emitted an involuntary moan, muffled by the severe packing filling
her mouth.

"I see the image of Maya being bedded by handsome Seto bothers you, as it
should, Maya will enjoy many nights of pleasure, many euphoric orgasms while you
of course have been rendered incapable of that particular womanly function." "I
know that you don't believe it now but you will learn to release your pent up
frustrations and there will be many, in various other ways, perhaps with the
help of a severe whipping or even with the large prick of a giant black slave
embedded in your rear channel, we will see and learn much as your training
progresses."

Aisha could see a mixture of hate and shame but not yet submission blazing from
slave Pearl's deep brown, almond shaped eyes. The young trainer nodded to Kalid
who went to the wall and turned a crank, to the frightening sounds of rattling
chains slave Pearl was slowly lifted off the balls of her feet until she was
suspended a foot above the floor. Kalid salivated at the erotic scene before
him, the young captive's beauty was, if possible, enhanced by her present
position, her firm breasts strained upwards were thrust out as if inviting his
touch, her rib cage defined, each rib clearly visible. Aisha in the meantime,
not as mesmerized as Kalid, retrieved a whip hanging on a hook at the wall.
Slave Pearls goose bumped flesh quivered with involuntary tremors as her young
tormentor walked behind her carrying the menacing whip in her hand. Aisha
separated slave Pearl's silky black tresses, which hung to her waist into two
equal strands, threw each strand over the slave's shoulders, the strands now
hanging down her front side partially covering each of her breasts, as intended
her tawny, sleek back was now clear of any obstruction.

Aisha now stood in front of her captive, whip in hand, the handle was short but
attached to it were six thin leather cords, at the end of each cord was tied a
tiny, tight knot. Kalid began to translate Aisha"s words once again.

"Slave Pearl, you are about to receive your first whipping, you won't enjoy it,
when you receive your second whipping will be entirely up to you." "When I am
finished administering your punishment, I will allow you five days to recover,
five days that is if you fully cooperate with Kalid while he teaches you a few
arabic words and phrases, should you fail to cooperate you will immediately be
brought back to me for another whipping, this one will be on your back but I
will not be so kind if a second whipping is necessary, it will be over your
breasts and stomach and you will enjoy that one even less than the one you are
about to receive."

The young captive frantically attempted to look over her shoulder as Aisha
walked behind her, her eyes blinking rapidly with nervous anticipation of the
unthinkable event that was about to happen to her.

        .......................................................




Pearl of the Orient-5

by Bruleo

Aisha steadied the young oriental's diminutive body with her left hand and with
her right hand laid the six leather cords between her shoulder blades with a
loud, sickening, slapping sound. The before closely protected princess had now
felt pain for only the second time in her young life, her stifled scream
indicating her anguish in detail. Aisha steadied her swaying target before each
of the first three lashes and then began to pepper the young slavegirl's back at
random until Pearl was performing a silent, obscene dance, unable to scream or
beg for mercy, her wildly thrashing legs revealing her most intimate secrets to
the two onlookers without care or any regard of modesty.

When Aisha finally delivered the last blow the lovely Japanese girl hung limp in
her bonds, her head drooped forward against her chest in a submissive pose.
Aisha stepped closer to better inspect her handiwork, the tawny hued skin of
Pearl's back was a mish-mash of criss-crossed stripes intermingled with tiny
spots of blood where the hard knots on the end of the leather cords had broken
the skin. Satisfied with the result, Aisha confronted her victim and spoke to
her, Kalid translating the mraning of her words into Japanese.

"I trust that you now have a good idea of what the alternative to obedience is
but to ensure that this punishment session remains fresh in your memory I will
give you a small sample of what lies ahead for you should you not be a good
slavegirl during the next five days."

Without warning the six thin strips of leather sliced into both of Pearl's
exposed breasts, the hardened knots whiplashing and biting into her left breast
and tender nipple, the young slave threw her head back, clearly demonstrating
her high degree of agony to her tormentor. Aisha lifted her head up by the chin,
her dark brown eyes that were once filled with defiance were now dull and
listless, a clear indication that the Japanese princess had been broken.

       .........................................................

During the next five days slave Pearl was subjected to many more indignities
unbefitting one of royalty, although any thoughts of her past reign were quickly
fading from her memory. Not only did Kalib teach her the arabic words and
phrases as Aisha had requested but also the various postures required by a slave
depending upon the circumstances. A different mid-wife other than the one who
had pruned her clitoris visited her each day. In preparation of using slave
Pearl for future sodomy, the mid-wife would first saturate her anus with oil
made from flaxseed using her index finger to distribute the oil to the inside
walls of her channel, the oil intended to lubricate the skin and tissues keeping
them soft and flexible. Next the mid-wife would painfully insert a lard covered,
cleverly designed circular metal tubing into slave Pearl's rectum, once inside
her the mid-wife would rotate a screw located at the exposed end of the tube to
open up a flume at the other end in order to prevent the slave from expelling
the device. The mid-wife could also regulate the diameter of the tube at the
point where it spread the slave's sphincter muscles, starting the first day at
3/4 of an inch and increasing it to 11/2 inches by day five. Kalib enjoyed how
degrading this was to the young Japanese girl that he had kidnapped and
presented to his highness, knowing full well that in part she was being prepared
for his own pleasure, the metal tube stuck painfully in Pearl's anus would soon
be replaced by his own flesh and blood rod.




Pearl of the Orient-6

by Bruleo

Aisha was sitting comfortably in the dungeon, anxiously awaiting the arrival of
her slave in training that she had not seen for five long days, the fact that
Aisha had not gotten any negative reports was indeed a good sign. When the
beautiful Japanese girl did finally arrive she was naked and crawling on her
hands and knees, led by a chain attached to a collar fastened around her neck,
holding the chain was a large, naked black man in obvious full erection, his
massive manhood lumbering back and forth as he walked. Grinning widely at the
curious tableau, Aisha remained seated as the black slave presented Pearl to
her, still on her hands and knees, when he unfastened the chain from her collar,
Pearl quickly struck a kneeling position back on her heels, her thighs spread,
exposing her slightly parted and depleted slit, hands resting on her thighs,
palms up to show submission, her back straight, shoulders level, chest thrust
out and her head held high but eyes lowered in respect. Then slave Pearl spoke
her first words in near perfect arabic, words that would have been impossible to
utter not so very long ago, especially to a fifteen year old arab girl.

"You are mistress Aisha and I am your willing and humble slave."
 
Aisha smiled, looking now at the big black's strong erection and spoke to him in
arabic, Pearl not able to understand their conversation.

"I see that our little brown slave has caught your eye Moola, you are scheduled
for castration next week, as is the custom each eunuch to be is granted one last
fuck, would you enjoy plunging your prick into her tight little cunt?"

The black slave was surprised by his mistress's words, he knew that he would bed
a common black slave before his operation but surely not this prize slave, was
his mistress playing games with him?

"Only if it is mistress Aisha's wishes that I do."

"Come closer Moola, caress her breasts."

It was Aisha's desire to degrade Pearl and to test the once proud princess'
resolve, to see if she had been truly conquered. Hesitantly Moola stepped closer
to the motionless, kneeling slave, his hands visibly trembling as he reached
down towards the twin treasures, his wide, black hands nearly covering their
entirety as he took pleasure from their exquisite feel. Aisha smiled, she could
see the sticky substance forming at the tip of Moola's now throbbing prick.

Aisha broke his trance like state. "Look at her slanted eyes Moola, the old
saying goes that girls from the orient have slits that run crossways instead of
up and down."

Moola looked quizzically towards his mistress.

"Go ahead Moola, touch her slit, see if the story is true."

The black slave nervously moved his hands down the plains of the young girl's
stomach, not wanting to leave the feel of her soft, youthful skin, then he
touched the folds of flesh at the entrance to Pearl's slit with his finger and
ever so slightly the Japanese slavegirl flinched from his touch. Aisha became
irate, screaming obscenities and shouting commands to Moola as fast and as loud
as she could. Very quickly Pearl was manacled against the damp stone wall, her
arms and legs stretched to their limits. Aisha approached her with a thin needle
in her  hand some six inches in length.

"You were gagged during your last punishment but this time I want to hear the
sound of your scream."

Hear her scream, she did. Aisha lifted her left breast by the nipple and
inserted the needle into the underside of her breast down near it's base, the
Japanese girl's deafening scream echoed off the dungeon walls as Aisha pushed
the needle through the spongy flesh until it emerged on the other side, blood
trickling down each side of her injured breast from the twin puncture wounds.
Suddenly Aisha's attention was drawn away by Kalid's familiar voice.

"Well Aisha, looks like I'm missing out on all of the fun."

The near hysterical Pearl was attempting desperately to speak but couldn't
through her uncontrollable sobbing, finally she fought back the tears and spoke
in arabic.

"You...you.....have conquered me mistress Aisha, I humbly wish to serve at your
devine feet."

Kalid smiled, indicating that he had taught her those very words, the young
girl, amused, smiled back, acknowledging his accomplishment. Aisha dismissed
Moola and she and Kalid decided to leave the dungeon atmosphere and go to
Aisha's luxurious living quarters. It wasn't an usual sight to see a naked slave
marched through the palace corridors but one as unusual and beautiful as the
young Japanese girl drew considerable attention as she was led on leash and
collar, the stinging needle still piercing her jiggling breast as she stumbled
trying to keep pace with her mistress's brisk stride.

     .............................................................




Pearl of the Orient-7

by Bruleo


Upon entering her quarters Aisha had Kalid hold the young oriental girl's arms
behind her back with one hand while holding his other hand across her mouth to
help muffle her screams as Aisha painfully removed the needle from her breast.
Pearl was now posturing in her kneeling position in front the cushioned setee
where Aisha and Kalid sat in comfort. The young slave's body held ridged, her
exquisite high cheek bones wet and shinny with tears of shame. Aisha stood up
and shortly returned holding two strands of silken cord in her hand. Aisha was
anxious to test the young beauty, to see how much of Kalid's lessons and
instructions she had retained, she gave a well known hand signal to the kneeling
slave who without hesitation positioned herself on her belly, her forehead
pressed to the floor, ankles crossed, wrists also crossed in the small of her
back, then she waited motionless for her mistress to bind her. First Aisha tied
her wrists, then her ankles. leaving her prostrate and bound on the floor in
front of the setee, then to the young trainer's surprise her slave spoke in
arabic.

"Thank you mistress Aisha, it is an honor to lie helpless at your feet, that is
where a slave of my stature truly belongs."

Pearl didn't pronounce all of the words correctly but Aisha understood their
meaning. Aisha smiled at Kalid, again giving credit where due.

"You must be an excellent teacher Kalid, either that or we have a fast learning
slave on our hands."

The arab laughed out loud. "I think it was a matter of slave Pearl fearing
another whipping from your sturdy hand, the one you promised on her luscious
globes should she be returned to you for disobedience."

The bound Japanese girl remained on her belly, her forehead to the floor while
the two partners in her training program discussed her future, when she would be
presented to the prince for her deflowering ceremony and when her anus would be
sufficiently widened to accommodate Kalid's over sized penis. Suddenly Aisha
excused herself and returned shortly carrying a small box. They left Pearl bound
but hoisted her up onto the setee in a sitting position. Aisha went through the
box and began holding metal rings of different colors and sizes up to the
oriental girl's nose and nipples.

"Well Kalid, what do you think, any of those bangles catch you eye?"

Before he could answer, Pearl spoke, first in arabic.

"Mercy mistress, Mercy." Then she spoke in Japanese.

"What did she say Kalid?"

"The humble slave begs for your mercy and begs you not to mar her beauty with
the awful rings and not to pierce holes in her body."

Aisha didn't know whether to laugh or to be angry, she spoke to the girl through
Kalid's translation.

"Such vanity for a lowly Japanese slut, you will not wile your way out of this
palace with your beauty as you lured and enticed Maya's betrothed." "You also
will not evade the rings, for one day you will be passing your food through a
ring hanging from your nose." "Should you fail any of my commands in the future,
I will cut your tongue out."

The last remark sent shivers through the frightened young slave, she began to
speak rapidly in her native tongue. Kalid turned to Aisha with a smile on his
face.

"She said that she would never disobey her mistress and that she would wear the
rings chosen by her mistress with much pride."

It was getting late, Kalid bade good night and Aisha untied and prepared Pearl
for bed, even left alone with the older girl the fifteen year old was not
afraid, where could she escape to and besides she was deathly afraid of the
harsh punishment she would receive for any attempt to escape. At the end of
Aisha's giant four poster was a small cage, she opened the cage's door and like
an obedient puppy the oriental slave crawled in on her hands and knees, she
could neither stand up nor stretch out fully in the confined space and curled
her naked body into the fetal position. Aisha snuggled comfortably in her soft,
warm bed, aware that her trained pet could not understand her language.

"After my father deflowers you, I will train you to be my slant eyed little
whore, you will eagerly lick my slit until the wee hours of morning to avoid the
sting of my whip against your naked flesh."




Pearl of the Orient-8

by Bruleo

Two weeks had passed since Prince Hali Ahmed had laid eyes on the proud princess
who had bitten him so visciously on the arm. As usual several black eunuch
guards lined the perimeter of his vast receiving room as well as two at the
entrance, he was seated in his throne like chair, a bowl of fruit and a bottle
of wine were sitting on a small table next to him, he was about to eat a grape
when the sound of a giant gong signaled the arrival of his guest, he returned
the grape to the bowl and looked towards the entrance to where two eunuchs
pushed the tall, fortified, gate like doors inwards.

On either side of the naked slave Pearl stood Kalid and Aisha, the slave was on
hands and knees, it was Aisha who held the leash leading to her collar. Aisha
yielded a riding crop in her other hand, with a snap of her wrists the flat,
leather flap at the end of the crop stung the slave on her right buttocks with a
sharp slapping sound. The diminutive Japanese girl crawled slowly forward, still
on hands and knees, the twin spheres of her hind quarters moving seductively,
affording peeks of the deep crevice they hid to the black eunuchs who had opened
the doors, a subtle jerk on her leash brought the slave to a halt, Aisha stepped
forward and removed the leash from the slaves collar. Still some ways from where
the prince sat, without verbal instruction, Pearl placed her forearms flat to
the floor, with her head lowered, her nose near the fibers of the plush persian
carpet, hips held high, the slave crawled to within a respectable distance of
the prince, no one was allowed closer without an indication from the prince to
do so. The young oriental girl assumed the kneeling posture, resting back on her
heels, back straight, head up, eyes lowered in respect and of course thighs
wide, revealing to the prince his own personal treasure that hid between them,
her hands were presented palms up, a show of submission. He didn't reflect it in
any noticable way but the prince was once again in awe of the young girl's
natural splendor, her beauty unsurpassed by any of his concubines, a true pearl
of the orient. Finally he spoke.

"You have permission to speak slave."

Kalid stepped quickly forward knowing his translation skills would be required,
his action indicating to Pearl that she was expected to speak.

"It is an honor to kneel before the great and powerful prince Hali Ahmed, I beg
your forgiveness for my previous arrogance and for biting you, proper punishment
your highness would be to have my teeth removed but I beg for mercy and leniency
from my lord and master." 

The prince flashed a subtle smile in his daughter's direction as the slave
continued speaking.

"When I arrived I was known as princess Mako of Sayama but I am no longer that
person your highness, your gracious daughter, mistress Aisha has made me realize
that it was nature's mistake that I was born into royalty, that my true status
in life was intended to be that of a humble slave your highness, I am now known
only as slave Pearl, your gracious pearl of the orient." "My desire is to honor
and please you your highness but I have nothing to offer, nothing worthy of your
kind consideration, it is true that I am a virgin but It would be most
presumptious of me to assume that the virginity of a lowly slave is a gift
worthy of a royal prince such as yourself, but it is all I have to offer your
highness and it would be a great honor for me to feel the manhood of prince Hali
Ahmed inside my worthless body."

With his finger the prince motioned the slave to approach him. Pearl dropped to
her belly and slithered forward, the prince extended his right foot to her and
the young slave carefully removed his slipper and gently pressed her lips to the
instep of the prince's foot, she then pressed her cheek to the floor and placed
his foot upon her neck, then positioned her arms behind her back with wrists
crossed. 

The prince looked up to address Aisha and Kalid, his bare foot still resting on
the slave's neck.

"Slave Pearl trains nicely, is it my dear daughter I have to thank or did the
removal of her royal clitoris remove some of the zeal from the frisky pony.?

Kalid stuck up for Aisha.

"It was some of both your highness but mostly it was your daughter, she is a
fine trainer, just take a look at the frisky pony now, she lies in abject
submission beneath your foot waiting  your next command."

"Well said Kalid." The prince then aknowledged his daughter.

"I am proud of you Aisha, you have fullfilled your promise of taming this hell
cat." "I also understand that she is quite proficient at learning our language,
I will break her hymen in one week, at that time she must be able to address me
and to speak to me properly."

Aisha smiled. "I understand father."


      ..............................................................

Two black slavegirls prepared Pearl for the prince. They bathed her body and
sprayed it with perfume from the far east, the familiar aroma reminding her of
her once royal status that now seemed but a distant past life. Pearl's love
lips, nipples and cheeks were tinted with pink rouge, a matching, similiar
substance was applied to the lips of her mouth. They dressed her in a white gown
that covered half of her shoulders and left her chest revealed to the tops of
her breasts, the hem reaching and covering her bare feet, the translucent
material teasing the eyes with the faint outline of her nude form, her hair,
contained in a single braid hung to her waist. When they had finished they
escorted her to prince Hali Ahmed's special bedroom, it was lighted with scores
of candles of all shapes and sizes, the sweet fragrance of burning incense
invaded her nostrils, the four poster, canopy covered bed was huge, It had
hanging, sliding curtains made of sheer veil  that could be used to enclose the
entire bed.

As instructed Pearl laid in the bed, the curtains pulled closed and waited for
the arrival of the prince, she was nervous and tense, trembling, the wait seemed
like hours but finally she heard the sound of footsteps, then the frightening
outline of the prince appeard on the other side of the curtain, it seemed to
magnify his shadowy form. He swept the curtain aside and stood there wearing a
silk, maroon robe with a sash tied at his waist. Paralyzed with fear the young
girl's throat froze, unable to speak, this was the man who would take her
virginity, but it wasn't to be as she had imagined in her youthful, romantic
dreams. The prince spoke first but Pearl could understand very little of what he
said.

"Ah my little slant eyed virgin, dressed appropriately in white, I see."

"Able to speak now, Pearl addressed the prince. "I am your obedient slave your
highness, I am here for your pleasure, do with me as you please."

Still prone on her back the prince lifted her by the shoulders until she sat on
the edge of the bed with the prince standing before her, she glimpsed at his
member between the slit at the front of his robe, it was only the second penis
she had ever seen, not even Seto's, it didn't appear to be as large as Kalid's
whose seemed gigantic when she felt it's girth gagging her helpless throat while
on her voyage to this savage land.

The prince pulled the gown off her shoulders and lowered it until the Japanese
girl's breasts were fully exposed, he admired them for a moment then dabbed her
left nipple several times with his index finger until his finger was smudged
with a pinkish hue  from the rouge decorating the slave's nipples. The prince
presented his finger to young girl's mouth, obediantly she took his entire
finger into her mouth, sucking on it as if it was a miniature penis, her face
grimmacing from the sour, fowl tasting substance. His moist finger returned to
the left nipple and then to the slave's mouth, then to the right nipple and each
time the young girl's mouth accepted it without question, the prince was
enjoying the former princess' new found submissiveness.

The prince lifted her by one arm, motioning for her to remove her gown, he
watched  the seductive movements of her lithe form as she slipped the gown over
her hips and daintily stepped from it's confines and then stood naked before
him. He made a hand signal to her that she was familiar with, the young oriental
quickly dropped to her knees with hips raised and head to the floor, her arms
crossed above her head, her long braid of hair running the length of her spine.
Prince Hali removed hs robe and then used Pearl's long braid to lift her to her
knees, her face a scant inch or two from his semi-flaccid member. With only a
slight hesitation the small Japanese girl took it's bulb into her mouth. The
prince laughed, using her braid to pull her away.

"Anxious are we my little virgin beauty?" "You will suck many arab cocks in your
days to come but not just this day."

With very little instruction he soon had the young asian beauty, still on her
knees with hands crossed behind her back licking his cock in earnest, no mouth,
no lips, only with her dainty, pink tongue was she licking his prick and his
testicles. the longer she lapped the more she could see his rod expand in length
and width. The prince was amused watching the young girl, without the use of her
hands, attempting to follow his swaying manhood with her outstretched tongue,
sometimes it slapping her in the face. Prince Hali ordered her onto the bed, it
was the moment Pearl had dreaded, a fleeting vision of Seto flashed through her
memory but it was not he that was to deflower her this night, but instead the
arab prince that owned her. When the prince joined her on the bed she could see
the affects of her lickiing, the prince's pulsing manhood was engorged with
surging blood, dark blue veins stretched and bulging along it's length.

The young slave knew what to do, she had been well instructed, she layed on her
back, placed a large pillow beneath her buttocks to elevate her pelvis region,
then spread her legs to their limits and rested her hands on her thighs, palms
up in a show of submission, then spoke to the prince in his native tongue.

"If the all powerful Prince Hali Ahmed has chosen to take the virginity of this
worthless slave I will be most honored, like a wanton whore I open and offer
myself to you, it is you and only you that I yearn for, I beg humbly that it be
your highness that first nurtures my entry into womanhood, I wish so much to
carry your seed in my belly."

"Carry it you will my young slut." He muttered as he moved forward, the shifting
of his weight caused an uneasy stirring in the pit of the young slave's stomach.
The prince was now between her widely splayed legs, he touched the tip of his
penis to the palms of her hands leaving a deposit of early secretion on each
one. Pearl gasped out in alarm at the first touch of his prick against the
entrance of her once prized and sacred channel, the smooth plains of her belly
convulsing uncontrollably with a series of short quick spasms.

Prince Hali paid no heed to the young slave's reactions, pressing forward until
the head of his cock pushed through the first folds of the young virgin's slit,
the prince knowing that his prick had just invaded terrirory never before
explored by anorher man. Pearl gasped aloud and held her body tense as the
invading prick moved ever slowly towards it's intended target. Both participants
knew when that moment had arrived, the prince ceased movement but kept his
member pressed lightly against the protective wall of his slave's love nook, the
Japanese girl screamed for budha as she felt the constant pressure against the
membrane within her tight sheath.

With an audible popping sound the prince's cock burst through the barricade, the
pain  much more severe than the young girl had ever anticipated, she screamed
for mercy through the entire ordeal, she sobbed and screamed for her father and
for her mother but prince Hali took her virginity completely and without mercy,
delving his manhood in long sweeping motions to the very bottom of the young
slave's vortex. When the prince sensed his impending explosion he slowed his
motion, delibertly and with callous delivering each of his expelling spurts of
spunk deep into the slave's belly.

"You are no longer a virgin my slant eyed bitch, you have just been fucked by
Ptince Hali Ahmed, your tight little nook will pleasure many arabs before we are
finished with you."

Slave Pearl could not understand him and didn't really care what he was saying,
she only wanted the pain to go away. When the prince withdrew, the slave's
pussy, his prick and the bed sheets were covered with a mixture of blood and
jism. There was no fanfare involved, prince Hali knocked twice on the door and
two black males and two black females entered. He instructed the males to take
slave Pearl to his daughters quarters, as they dragged the sobbing, half
conscious girl from the room, her legs not able to support her wieght, the
prince was already emerged in the large sunken bath, the two black slavegirls
washing him and caring for his every needs.

     ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bruleo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





