BDSM Library - Tara's Adventures




Tara's Adventures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story based on a woman's real life experiences.  Throughout her life she had been in control and strived to excel.  She thought she had achieved what she wanted until an extended vacation with her best friend brought out her true sexually submissive self.  She is quickly drawn into a world, she had only fantasized about, by her friend.  Her training soon brings out her true desires and nature.
DISCLAIMER:
	This story/file is a work of fiction, based on true life experiences,
intended for the enjoyment of adult persons who are least the age of 18 years
old, or older, depending on laws of their jurisdiction.  The material contained
within this story/file contains descriptions of sexually orientated situations
including, but not restricted to, bondage, domination, sado-masochism and sexual
slavery.  If you do not wish to be exposed to such depictions or activities or
are not of legal age or these situations are contrary to any laws of your
jurisdictions you are required to exit this site.  By viewing this story/file
you indicate that you are legally permitted to view this content.




Author's Note:
	'Tara's Adventures' (working title) is a work of fiction based on the
true life experiences of a beautiful, caring and sensual woman.  The initial
storyline was related to me by this woman over a long weekend we spent together
at her family's cabin.  We have been good friends for a number of years and she
was hoping, by confiding in me, to relieve the anxiety which she had been
feeling about a very disturbing time in her life.  She has always thought of me
as an understanding ear that she could trust without having to deal with
prejudice and sexual tension.  After hearing her tale I suggested that she might
want to try and put her story to paper.  She didn't think that she would be
able, but would at least give it a try at my urging.

 	A few months had past without much contact with 'Tara' when I received
an invitation to join her back at the cabin.  Once there, she showed me her
attempt to put her story down on paper.  It was then that she pleaded for me to
do the writing for her.  At first I wasn't very comfortable with writing her
story but she was very convincing.  As a result 'Tara', my wife and me spent the
next three weekends up at her cabin creating the first draft of the 'Tara's
Adventures'.  The first chapter of 'Tara's' story will, most likely, never see
the light of day as it describes how she suffered at the hands of an abusive,
controlling and very sickly deviant personality.  As a result Chapter 1 of
'Tara's Adventures' begins her story after her initial introduction to the BDSM
world, as per her request.  This initial experience with her demented monster
did, however, awaken certain sexual desires she had previously kept suppressed
and set the stage for her sexual life for many years to come.  In collaborating
and ghostwriting this story, my wife and I have her to thank for awaking our own
personal desires/fantasies and helping us put the excitement back into our
lives.

	'Tara's Adventures' currently has five chapters written or under
development.  Each chapter is divided into individual stories that interconnect
with the entire work.  After reading the very first part "Orientation", 'Tara'
happily and freely gave the authors permission to continue with the storyline
and build on it, as well as enthusiastically encouraging its publication.  The
first chapter is based on the true life experiences of 'Tara' with a certain
amount of artist latitude given to the author. The ensuing chapters are the
fantasies of the author, wife/life partner and 'Tara' based on her real life
experiences.  We have always shared the drafts with her as she is essential to
the development of the storylines and characters used in 'Tara's Adventures'. 
Her only two requirements were that true identities not be revealed and that she
can review each chapter, so she might make changes, before it is released (she
has already exercised this provision twice).  The author is open to all
constructive criticism at taraghost@byfriday.ca.


COPYRIGHT:
	This story/file is copyrighted 2003.  It is posted for the enjoyment of
personal readership and is not to be used or reprinted without the written
expressed permission of the author.  Any inquiries can be directed to
taraghost@byfriday.ca.




TARA'S ADVENTURES
CHAPTER 1
ORIENTATION
By Tara

     I glance over to the clock on my desk and a sigh escapes from my lips. 
It's only three o'clock.  Is this day never going to end?  I start thinking
about this long awaited, and deserved, vacation to begin.  I have not had more
than two days off in a row since I accepted this position.  I've had to work
that much harder just to get the respect of the rest of the executive.  At first
they just figured I got the job because I was a woman and it was some
affirmative action thing that the company was doing.  However, now five long
years later, I have now earned the respect and admiration of most everyone.  I
had asked for three weeks leave and the senior partners told me to take the
whole month.  This was our slowest month anyway.

     I'm just sitting here now both fascinated and curious about what Veronica
has in store for us over the next few weeks.  She just told me to relax and let
her do all the planning and that she had some very nice surprises in store for
me.  Last night she had even come over to my place and packed for me and made
all the final arrangements for my house to be taken care of while we are gone. 
She packed everything into her car before she left and told me to take a cab to
work this morning, as she would be picking me up after work to "Start our little
adventure together".  I still have absolutely no idea what we will be doing or
where we will be going on our vacation but I trust her completely.  Knowing her
you can be sure it will be fun and exciting.

     My daydream is suddenly interrupted by the buzz from my phone.  It's my
assistant letting me know that there is a courier here with a package for me
marked personal.  I tell her to send him in and I will sign for it.  I have him
leave it on my table in my office as I walk out to the outer office and tell Amy
that she can leave early.  I ask her to close the blinds in the outer office and
lock the door on her way out.  I want everyone left in the office to think that
I am gone for my vacation before some crisis comes along.  I walk back into my
office and sit down at the table and inspect the package.  Amy leans in and
wishes me a good vacation and lets me know that she's leaving now and the door
is locked.  I thank her and she turns and leaves, a few seconds later I hear the
door click shut.  I notice that there is an envelope attached to the package, I
remove it and open it up.  It's from Veronica!  I begin to read it.

	Hi Tara:

     	THE ADVENTURE BEGINS!!!!

After reading this first page open the package and empty out the contents.  The
next few pages have your instructions what to do with all the stuff.  I will be
picking you up at the loading bay of you building at 7pm so be there waiting.  I
know it is kind of late for you to be at the office before your vacation but it
will be worth the wait, I promise.  I know that you can shower and change in
your office so we will be leave soon as I pick you up.  Veronica

     If I wasn't intrigued before I certainly am now.  I open up the package and
empty everything out onto table.  Well this certainly doesn't clear anything up
it just adds to the confusion.  There is a black dress (very short and looks 2
sizes too small), a very tiny black thong, black thigh highs (with what appears
to be a spider web pattern) and a pair of black pumps with impossibly high heels
(must be at least 5").  That's it for the clothes.  Let's see what else we have
here.  Some sort of strange looking silver coloured choker/necklace thingy with
two matching bracelets (nice case though), bottle of perfume (I gave the top a
squeeze and inhaled a nice light scent) and a bag full of soaps, lotions and
make-up.  Great, by the time I start on this vacation I'm going to need a month
to answer all my questions about it. Instead I just decide to relax for a bit
and go to the mini bar and pour myself a glass of wine.  I pour myself a
generous glass and down it then pour another, sit down in the chair and study
the items that came in the package.  All of a sudden I get a light-headed
feeling and feel my whole body flushes (especially the area between my legs).  I
sit back for a few seconds and the feelings fade but don't seem to completely go
away.  I feel it must be a combination of that quick glass of wine and these
sexy clothes or so I think.  I pick up the black dress again to look at it and
notice this time that it has an unusual shimmer and texture about it.  I
carefully place it back on the table making sure not to wrinkle it.

     Well, enough lazing about, I guess it is time to start to get ready.  I
flip the page and start reading the instructions.

Note: Please do not use the perfume until I pick you up. I want to try it
first!!
1. Take shower with soap supplied.
2. Use enclosed depilatory cream (as per instructions) to remove ALL body hair. 	   
YES, EVEN ALL PUBIC HAIR!  Rinse thoroughly.
3. Apply all lotions according to their instructions.
4. Apply make-up as per instructions.
5. Dress in ALL clothes supplied.
6. Wear only supplied jewellery and nothing else (not even rings or earrings).
7. Meet me at the loading dock at 7pm sharp!  I will be in the silver limo.
8. Have fun for the next month.


     The next few pages had all the instructions I needed for the other stuff. 
I looked closer at the lotions and potions and noticed they were only identified
by rather generic names.  I just didn't understand what all this about the
depilatory cream was but I did tell Veronica that I would trust her on this
vacation.  I gathered up all the toiletries and their instructions and headed
for the bathroom off my office.  I removed all my work clothes and carefully
hung them up in the closet, as I wasn't going to need them until I returned.  I
then arranged the things that I would need in the shower and placed the
instructions on the back of the toilet so I could reach them if need be.  I
turned on the shower, climbed in and proceeded to get ready for my adventure
with Veronica.  I thoroughly washed and rinse myself using the luffa as per
instructions, turned the shower off and lightly patted myself dry.  I followed
all the instructions for the depilatory cream and smeared it all over my body
(my back was very difficult to do but with the help of the mirror I think I
managed to get everywhere).  I started to feel my skin tingle all over but I
left it on for the full amount of time the instructions said and gave it a
little more time just in case.  The place I was feeling the most tingling was in
my pubic area but I was not worried, it was actually feeling pretty good.  I
then carefully rinsed off all the cream, got out of the shower and dried off. 
After I was dry my whole body seemed to start to burn, must be a side effect of
the cream.  I then started to apply the lotions that came with the package
according to their instructions.  The first lotion instantly took care of the
burning sensation and my body felt relaxed and warm.  This is the first time I
really looked at myself in the mirror since getting out of the shower.  I
immediately looked down to where my little triangle of hair was and saw myself
very clean-shaven for the first time.  I must admit I liked what I saw and I
noticed that there weren't the normal little red bumps that I get when I shave
that area. It was nice and clean and smooth.  I was fascinated with the feel and
just couldn't stop myself from running my hand over the area.  However I better
stop if I want to get finished by seven.  I then applied the second lotion
according to its instructions (again with the back thing) and washed my hands
thoroughly.  I had to wait standing there for about 15 minutes to wait for this
second lotion to absorb and dry so I let vanity take over and checked myself out
in the mirror.  I started to realize that ever since I met Veronica and we
became best friends my life had changed and for the better.  I have had a much
more positive outlook of on life and myself.  She got me to start taking better
care of myself and it has really paid-off.  She suggested that I should get my
hair styled short. I really do like the new look with the darker highlights in
my blond hair.  My body is extremely well toned and firm.  You could crack eggs
on my butt and bounce quarters off my thighs (Veronica actually did these things
to prove a point).  My stomach is flat, firm and trim; this accentuates my nice
rounded hips.  The exercises that Veronica has me doing (she owns the health
club I joined, that is how I met her) has helped me maintain my firm and well
rounded breasts.  Not an easy feat, considering I have a 36D bust and I am in my
early thirties. All the toning and exercising Veronica has had me doing really
paid off even my face is toned.  Veronica has told me many times that all the
guys at the club drool over me every time I walk in and I have had a fair share
of them hit on me.  Well enough ego feeding time to finish getting ready.  Oh my
god!  That last lotion must have been some sort of self-tanning lotion I am
starting to get a nice golden tone to my entire body.  This is great!  No tan
lines anywhere!  Well time to put on the make up.  I don't know if I've ever
used any of this stuff before but I'll follow the direction and do as I am told. 
Do not want to disappoint Veronica.  Now that my face is all done up according
to the directions, it feels a little thicker than I would ever think of normally
applying and quite a bit bolder. The dark liner around my eyes made them look
narrower and tapered out to towards my temples but really brought out the blue
in my eyes and my lashes looked especially thick, long and dark. These were
framed with a deep purple eye shadow with a hint of red and silver sparkles.  My
lips were now a bright red outlined in deep crimson that gave them a full and
almost pouting look.  Crimson blush heavily accented my cheekbones and the
overall job made me look a little bit like one of those 'models' you see in
porno magazines (it didn't help that I was looking at myself in the mirror butt
naked). But this is what Veronica wanted and I did promise.  All done in here
now let's get dressed and look at the whole package together before making any
snap judgments.

     I move back into my office and first head off to the mini bar and pour
myself another glass of wine then head over to the table.  I pick up the thong
and notice that it seems to be of the same material as the dress quite a
different feel to it.  I slip it on and position just right and it feels nice
and cool and very comfortable.  Then I put on the thigh highs and they reach
almost right to the top of my leg with the frilly tops just brushing the small
triangle of very thin material covering my freshly shaved and apparently
sensitive pussy.  I'm starting to feel little tingle in my lower torso and it's
delicious.  I now turn my attention to the dress.  I pick it up and feel the
fabric again; it is very light and extremely thin but feels so very delicious. 
It also feels very smooth and cooling to the skin.  Getting the dress on is a
little more complicated because it has to worn with the silver coloured choker
to hold the dress together behind the neck.  I wiggle the dress up over my hips
bring the two halter straps behind my neck and manage to get the two small rings
at the ends of the straps into the hooks in choker and close the choker's latch
as per the instructions.  The dress still needs a little more adjusting but I'll
do that last in front of the mirror.  Next I snap on the two matching silver
bracelets they fit snuggly but are not uncomfortably around my wrists same as
with the choker around my neck (they seem to have so sort of fabric lining).  I
sit down on the table to put the shoes on and notice how the dress, though
extremely skin tight, easily stretches but follows every curve and doesn't ride
up.  I open the box with the shoes and pull them out.  They are patent leather
pumps with wide straps for around the ankles that buckle on the inside.  There
also two D-shaped rings on each strap, one on the outside and one on the back,
they seem to be polished chrome and make the shoes very attractive.  The heels
must be at least 5 inches high and I've never worn anything with heels like this
before but I'm willing to give it a try.  After I slip them on and snap shut the
buckles I find that they are more comfortable than I thought they would be and
then I stand up.  At first I almost loose my balance because I wasn't expecting
to be standing on my toes.  I find that if I arch my back and stick out my butt
a little it's easier to steady myself.  I take a few steps and I'm surprised by
how quickly I adjust to walking in them.  I walk over to the full-length mirror
behind the door and look to see my transformation and I can't believe it.  I
straighten the dress out and I have to adjust the two halter straps over my
breasts a bit so they'll fit into this tiny thing.  The front of the dress is
cut down to just above my belly button (which you can make out quite easily
through the dress) with a one inch wide strap just below my breasts which helps
hold the halter together and ensures the dress forms a skin tight covering over
and then under my breasts.  Or should I say over the portion of my breasts that
they cover.  You can easily see the side of my breasts and the halter pushes
them together to reveal quite a bit of cleavage.  The dress then becomes skin
tight immediately below my breasts.  This material has become a second skin on
my body and it does feel delicious.  I look down my dress and turn around to
notice that it reveals every curve and crevasse of my body, forming around my
tight, well rounded butt before ending just below the tops of the stockings
(which means barely covering my butt just a couple of inches down my legs).  The
back of this dress plunges down to the small of my back leaving my back exposed
to just above the crack of my ass.  While the stockings encasing my legs, with
their intricate web designs, accentuate my well-toned legs giving them a new
sculpted sexy look.  The shoes make my already long legs (I'm 5'8") appear to be
even longer, giving them a more defined firm look. Because of the way they
require me to stand they also help to accentuate my well-toned butt.  All this
and with the make-up I look like the 'COME FUCK ME NOW' Poster Slut.  This
vision of me in the mirror starts my heart racing a little as I feel a rush of
blood through my body and I begin to flush and a tingle starts up again between
my legs.

     I stood there in front of the mirror looking at the strange new woman
standing before me and I must admit that I was getting more than just a little
aroused about the idea of going out in public dressed as I was.  I could feel my
pussy starting to tingle a little more and dampen slightly.  I shook out of my
trance and reminded myself that there was no way I could go around town like
this in case someone I know might see me, let along try to get out of the
building.  I know I told Veronica that I wanted her to take control of
everything for the next month and how I trusted her and would do what ever she
wanted but I just don't want to take the chance of being caught.  So, I'll just
take most of these clothes off and change back into my business suit and
apologize to Veronica when she comes to pick me up in.......OH MY
GOD!!!!......Twenty minutes!  I reach for the buckle of the choker to open it so
I can start to change but I can't find any release latch to open it; I look down
at bracelets to find that they also don't have any visible means to take them
off.  I sit down and check the shoes only to find that they are also locked onto
my body, again with no visible means for unlocking them.  I tried pulling at
choker to get it to release with no luck.  Then I tried to pull my feet out of
the shoes but the straps were too snug around my ankles.  Then I noticed a note
in the bottom of the box everything came in.

'I knew you would try to chicken out so that is why I have the key to unfasten
everything.  Veronica'

I guess she knows me better than I thought.  Looks like I'm going have to wear
my new outfit I just hope I can sneak out of the building without being spotted. 
Now I know why Veronica wanted to meet out back at the loading docks after
hours.  I was going to be late so I better hurry.  I quickly clean up my office
and hide the evidence of my transformation.  I throw the bottle of perfume into
my purse and rush out of my office noticing that it is almost 7 now and its
going to take me time to get to the loading dock.  I open the outer office door
and peer out to make sure no one is still here but luckily the floor is dark and
everyone left to enjoy his or her weekend.  I decide that it would be best to
use the freight elevator so as not to run into someone from one of the other
floors.  I realize that it is very difficult to hurry in my new 'come fuck me'
shoes but I do make it to the elevator without falling down and breaking
something.  I don't have to wait long for the elevator and get in and make sure
I press the right button for the loading dock.  The elevator starts its way down
and I think that I'm home free when the elevator starts to slow at one of the
other floors.  I just hope they don't know or recognize me whom ever happens to
get on.  The elevator stops and the doors open.  My heart is racing and I feel a
flush envelop my entire body, my legs feel like rubber.  No one is there, must
have forgotten something.  I fall back against the cool wall as the elevator
continues its journey and opens out onto the loading bays.  It's kind of dark
inside the bays but I see the exit sign for the door to the back of the
building.  I make my way around the walkway and find that I am getting quite use
to walking in these heels, it must be all that training Veronica put me through. 
Reaching the door I push on the panic bar and it opens into the cool air in the
alley.  I step through the door and just about ready to go down the steps when I
notice that the limo is nowhere to be seen.  I turn quickly just to here the
door latch shut.  Great, it's windy, cool and damp from the rain we had all day
and I'm really not dressed for warmth.  I just hope I didn't miss them and they
decided to go around front looking for me.  Just then I see a set of headlight
down at the far end of the lane.  I hope it's them; I would hate to try to
explain my self to someone else.  Hell I probably look like a hooker standing
out here like this.  Well it's a silver limo so I guess it's Veronica, she must
have been running late herself, and just in time my body is full of goose bumps. 
The vehicle pulls up next to me, and the rear door open and I scamper into its
warm confines.

     Veronica notices how chilled I look, my body covered in goose bumps and my
rather large nipple poking out and being encased by my tight dress.  As she
hands me a glass filled with champagne she reaches over and grasps one of my
nipples between her thumb and finger, slowly pinching and rolling it. She's
always commenting on the size of my nipples and I have to admit that I can't
remember ever seeing any quite the same size except for my sister's.  Her
manipulations make me start to feel that special tingle grow between my legs
again as I start to blush and feel warm.  Just the idea of being dressed up like
an absolute slut and going out in public to show it off is really starting to
get me horny.  She then releases my nipple after giving it one last hard pinch
that makes me wince and refills my glass of champagne.  She slowly looks me up
and down with a lustful eye and proclaims how she picked everything perfectly
for me and I did an excellent job making it look just the way it should.  She
giggled how great it will be, 'just us two sluts out on the town'.  That's when
I noticed that she did indeed look every bit the slut I did. I confessed to her
how I was going to back out until I discovered her little trick but now that
I've had a chance to get use to it I'm actually really enjoying the whole feel. 
She noted how liberating it feels and I pointed out that I am not liberated at
all thanks to her devilish clasps.  She just laughs and tells me that she has no
intention of releasing from my bonds anytime soon so I might as well enjoy it. 
I wasn't quite sure what she meant but just the way she said it made me feel a
lot sexier and a little bit horny.  I think these clothes are turning me into
some kind of slut and right now I don' really care.  The rest of the drive is
taken up with her telling me how great the next month is going to be for the two
of us, drinking champagne and how much fun we are going to have but she still
refused to reveal any of her plans.  She did tell me that most of this adventure
would be based on my fantasies that we had talked about over the last few years. 
This would have been a good clue if it wasn't for the fact that we are
constantly talking about all our fantasies when we are alone together but it
certainly got my curiosity going and just proved to heighten my arousal.

     I really wasn't paying much attention to what was going on outside of the
limo, besides the windows were so dark it made it hard to see out anyhow, so
when the limo pulled to a stop I had no idea where I was at all.  Veronica
suggested that we leave our purses in the limo's safe so we wouldn't have to
worry about them in the club (she had already made arrangements for payment with
the owner).  That was great with me all she has to do is tell me what to do and
make sure I have fun with no pressure to make a decision for myself for the next
month.  She took my purse and then asked me about the bottle of perfume and I
told her it was in my purse.  She reached in and pulled it out then put our two
purses in the small safe and locked it.  She held the perfume bottle up and
sprayed me square in the face with a big cloud of the stuff.  This surprised me
and I jerked upright sucking in a deep breath as she sprayed me again.  This
made me suck most of the two shot deep into my lungs but it didn't make me
choke.  She giggled, and then I giggled, she apologized and turned and
readjusted the sprayer in her hand and pressed the button and got me in the face
again with another large dose.  She apologized again and decided to put it away
in a small pouch in her belt.  We climbed out of the vehicle and I almost fell
over when I stood up.  I was getting that same lightheadedness I felt back at
the office but this was different, a little more intense, could it be something
about that perfume.  It must just be the champagne and I stood up too quickly. 
I look around and notice that we seem to be parked in some alleyway next to a
door with a dimly lit sign reading Francesco's.  I don't recognize where I am
and right at this moment I don't really seem to care either, I just want to have
fun and show off the new me.

     This is the first time that I have had a chance to get a really good look
at Veronica and what she is wearing tonight.  I take a good long hard look at
her and tell her that we definitely do look like the slut sisters.  She's
wearing more or less the same dress as me but in red, and every bit as tight
with the same black stockings. However she's wearing a pair of shining black
boots that hug her legs like a second skin and come up just over her knees with
heels that are just has high as mine.  She has black gloves that seem to be made
of the same material as our dresses that end just above her elbows and she has
black chrome studded choker around her neck.  I watched her move up the steps to
get a good look at her and an idea what I must look like to someone else. 
Watching her move up those step intensified my horny feelings and started to
fill me with a certain sexual desire I'm not sure I ever had before but it felt
rather delicious.  I followed Veronica up the steps and the feel of my stockings
rubbing against my legs and the frills tickling at what lay behind that small
thin fabric panel of my thong made my pussy pulsate. Veronica pressed a small
button next to the door and it immediately opened for us to enter.  By the time
I got inside my mind was swimming, everything around me seemed to have a bit of
haze about it but I didn't feel at all drunk or off balance, I was feeling more
exhilarated.  We made our way through a dim hallway that opened into the club. 
I looked around and noticed that we weren't the only ones dressed like sluts but
I think we looked the best.  As we made our way to the bar and it seemed like
everyone was moving to the side to give us a path through.  It felt like every
man in the place and probably more than half the women were checking us out as
we walked through. This did nothing but heighten all my horny feelings and I was
making the most of it by exaggerating my walk a little.  We reached the bar and
Veronica ordered a couple of drinks for us and while we were waiting for them I
noticed myself in the mirror again and I think I looked more the slut now and
boy were my nipples hard.  The fabric of the dress did nothing to hide them but
instead accentuate them by molding perfectly to them and the fabric just added
to my horny disposition by rubbing and teasing them anytime I moved even the
slightest little bit.  Our drinks came and I looked away from the mirror and
noticed Veronica had moved away and was at the end of the bar talking to a tall,
handsome well-dressed man.  I just picked up my drink and turned to face the
dance floor.  The music was loud with a very heavy beat and I realized I really
couldn't hear much else other than the beat.  I stood mesmerized as the beat
seemed somewhat primal and was tugging at my primal sexual urges.  Just then
Veronica broke my trace and told me told follow her and I did.  I was starting
to think I was becoming her obedient slave.  Little did I know?

     We easily walked to the far end of the crowded club, as everyone appeared
to be making way for us. When we reached our destination Veronica opened a door
and we stepped in and closed the door behind us.  The volume of the music
decreased quite a bit now but that beat was still affecting me and I told
Veronica that I couldn't understand why.  She leaned in and gave me a kiss and
told me not to worry about it and to just go with it and enjoy, after all we're
here to have fun and lots of it.  I agreed with her and looked around the room. 
Three of the walls had floor to ceiling mirrors and there were thick leather
chairs in the corners but it was the center of the room that puzzled me.  There
on the floor was a thick piece of padding, a small padded bench not much higher
than 8" and there seemed to be hooks in the floor.  What could these be used
for?  Well I soon found out.

     I didn't stand a chance.  Between the champagne, what ever was in that
perfume spray and the primal beat of the music I was putty in Veronica's hands. 
As I was looking around the room Veronica had moved around and came up behind
me.  She then put her hands on my shoulders and leaned in and started to give me
the most sensual kisses and licks on my neck and shoulders (she knew all my most
sensitive spots, after all I told her) and then I just felt my pussy going from
damp to downright soaking.  She then moved her hands to my breasts cupping them
and using two fingers to pinch and tease each nipple harder and harder until I
let out a large sigh and moan.  Not only was I dressed like a slut I was really
starting to act like one, and loving it, too. She then moved one of her hands
down over my drawn in belly to my pussy and started to gently rub me through the
thin material.  When she did this I could do nothing but draw in my breath
deeply and enjoy every delicious moment as my legs started to feel like noodles
and I was on the verge of having one massive orgasm.  She removed her hands from
pussy and my breast and slid them down my arms to my wrists and gently pulled
them back behind my back, and then I heard a click.  Somehow those two bracelets
were actually cuffs and my hands were now securely fastened behind my back.  I
was confused yet excited and asked her what was going on.  She whispered back in
my ear that I was about to get one of my fantasies fulfilled tonight and so was
she.  She said this was just the beginning and to prepare myself for one full
month of sexual abandon.  My mind was just too much afloat in sexual desire to
argue; instead I just begged her to bring it on and that she did.

     Veronica guided me over to one of the armchairs and pulled it out from the
corner and then she bent me over the back in a way that left me helpless and
exposed.  She then removed my thong and spread my legs wide, the feel of the
cooler air on my pussy just added to my sexual desire and I was ready for
anything.  I felt a cool liquid trickle down the crack of my ass and she started
to rub it generously into my asshole with her thumb bringing me to the verge of
another orgasm then she stopped.  Denied again, I started to squirm on the chair
with the hope of finishing it off.  Then I felt a hard stinging slap on my right
ass cheek. It surprised me more that anything.  She just told me to stop
squirming and she will tell me when I can have an orgasm.  I started to complain
but was stopped short by another more powerful slap on my left ass cheek and she
told me to shut up until spoken too.  I just lay there with my mouth open (which
wasn't such a good idea) and she came around and put a gag in my mouth and
strapped it behind my head.  This was no ordinary gag; this had something that
extended into back of my mouth.  I felt around it with my tongue the best that I
could and figured it must be some kind of dildo or something.  I started to
mumble my objections as loudly as I could that's when I saw her pick up a bulb
attached to the gag and give it a few squeezes.  The dildo in my mouth got
larger pushing my tongue down and filling my entire mouth.  I also felt it push
further to the back of my throat until it almost gagged me.  I should have been
pissed off by now, but I wasn't, I was getting even hornier with every
violation.  I looked up into the mirrors and discovered that I could see
everything that was happening to me from all angles. She then moved back around
behind me and I saw her pick up what looked like a dildo and it was huge.  Then
I notice something else, there was a butt plug attached to it also and I could
see the lube dripping off them.  She then started pushing the dildo into my
well-lubricated pussy (I really did need that).  I felt my pussy stretch open to
accept the intruder and I was starting to feel truly filled up.  Then I felt the
tip of the butt plug at the entrance of my well-lubricated and prepared ass as
she was now inserting both invaders at the same time.  My eyes jerked wide open
but all I could manage out of my mouth was a few much muffled groans.  This is
the first time I've ever had anything up my ass besides the occasional finger. 
Once she got the two intruders in all the way, my asshole closed around the
slimmer base of the butt plug, I began to enjoy the feeling of being completely
filled up in both my pussy and in my ass at the same time.  My mind was swimming
and at this point the only thing that I could think of was sex, nothing else
seemed to matter.  She pulled my thong back on and adjusted it to make sure my
two new intruders stayed where they were suppose to and lifted me up off the
chair and guided me to the center of the room and had me kneel on the pad. 
Every step and movement sent a wave of ecstasy through my body.   She then
fastened my ankles together with the shoe straps and secured them to the floor. 
She placed the bench over my legs and pushed my butt down on the bench, this
only served to push my intruders even deeper into my pussy and ass sending a
jolt of ecstasy through my body.  Then she fastened a strap around my thighs to
hold my legs together and around my arms just above the elbows to hold my arms
together.  Then came the bar that was attached to my ankles and then to my
wrists that made my upper body lean forward.  As my body moved forward my two
intruders began to shift about and causing my body quaked as I had mind numbing
orgasm. This prompted Veronica to grab my hair and pull my head back so I was
looking up at her and remind me that I am only allowed to cum when she tells me
I can so I will have to be punished but I'll have to wait to find out what that
would be.  She then went back to work and latched a strap on either side of the
strap around my thighs and snapped them into hooks on the floor and tightened
them to effectively immobilize my legs and lower half of my body.  She then
repeated this with the strap around my arms and I was now unable to move
anything except my head.  She then unlatched my collar (her words) and unhooked
my halter straps and let the top of the dress fall away from my breasts, she
then closed my collar and latched it again.  Veronica now tells me I'm already
to hear what my punishment will be.  My punishment will be to stay in here all
bound up while she joins the rest of the club and enjoys the rest of the party
while at the same time offering the services of my mouth for the sexual pleasure
to whomever she pleases.  She informs me that tonight I have become her sex
slave and I'm to please her anyway she desires.  I'm not sure what to do.  I
can't move or speak.  That's when the two intruders start vibrating and after a
few minutes when I'm ready to cum again she removes the gag from my mouth and
asks me if I want to be her little slut sex slave.  That's about all I can
really think of right about now is sex, sex and more sex, anyway, anyhow and
anytime and I blurt out "Yes Veronica!!!"  She tells me that that answer is
wrong and from now on the only right answer is "Yes Mistress V" and then turns
down the vibrators.  My impending orgasm starts to subside and I immediately
give her the answer she demands and she turns the speed back up and gives me
permission to cum and cum I do as my body is hit with three orgasms in a row. 
As I am enjoying myself Veronica prepares another surprise for me and kneels
down next to me and allows me to watch in the mirror as she slips a small ring
around each of my now fully erect and ample nipples and adjusts the screws on
them to tighten them and apply just enough pressure on my nipples that the pain
is actually pleasurable.  This was another first, I never thought that pain
could bring me pleasure but right now all I know is that what I was feeling
through my nipples was making me desire even more.  With my pussy and asshole
now full of vibrating intruders all I can think of is how much I wanted a cock
in my mouth now and I found myself begging Veronica to go find me one.  She told
me I would not have to wait long as the club owner should be here shortly with a
little surprise and to supply me with what I desired and begged to receive.  She
then crouches in front of me and grabbed my hair pulling my head sharply back
forcing my mouth open.  She then orders me to stay in that very position and
reaches down to the chain connecting the nipple clamps and gives it a tug.  This
makes me gasp just as she shoots another large spray from that perfume bottle
down my throat and straight into my lungs, then my desires immediately
intensify.  She repeats this and any inhibitions that I might still have melted
away. I'll do anything.  The vibrations are turned off and I'm told there would
be a guard outside the door and he would have control of the remote with orders
to turn it on and off from time to time and vary the speeds, at his whim, just
to keep me interested.  Then she left and closed the door leaving me alone to
wonder when I will have my mouth filled with the cock I so desperately desired
and need even more so now.  I look up watch myself from different angles in the
mirrors and the sight of me bound up in this state just made me fill with more
desire.  I don't know what took me over but the only thing I could think of was
sex and how many different ways and times I could have it and get it.

     The time crept by so agonizingly slow as I knelt there waiting for the one
thing I wanted so desperately, when he would arrive.  Then my intruders started
to slowly vibrate and increase with intensity every few seconds until they were
just below my orgasmic threshold, it was almost torture that I couldn't get that
little bit more so I could feel another orgasm shake my soul.  The door opened
and in walked the same man that I saw Veronica talking to when I was at the bar
(that seemed like days ago).  He walked over to stand in front of me with his
crotch inches from my eager mouth and grabbed my hair pulling my head back,
looked into my eyes and told me he brought exactly what I was begging for and
with that he undid his pants and let them fall to the floor.  I had no choice
put to look at his now half erect cock.  From the size of it in this state I
could only imagine its size once fully engorged but in my state I was up for any
challenge, not that I had much choice.  He then grabbed my head once more so I
was completely immobilized and started to feed his cock into my awaiting mouth
and my tongue immediately started to encircle it to feel its veiny smoothness. 
He stopped and withdrew from my mouth forcing my head to look at him and sternly
ordered me not hamper him as he was going to shove his cock deep into my mouth
and wanted to feel it grow inside my mouth and force its way down my throat.  At
that he shoved his cock back into mouth before I had a chance to say anything
and did exactly as he had said.  He only moved his cock slightly in my mouth but
it felt delicious as it slid over my tongue and the sweet salty taste just made
me crave even more, I wanted to taste his cum in my mouth.  I could really feel
his cock growing in my mouth and was it growing, filling my whole mouth and
inching its way to the back of my throat.  I started to gag now and I fought
that feeling until it soon disappeared.  He then grabbed my head in both his
massive hands pull me in until my face was buried into pelvis.  I couldn't hold
out any longer and another massive orgasm hit my body, by now my crotch was
soaked with my juices making me feel like even more of a slut.  I just wished
this night would never end.  He picked up on my orgasm and used this as his
signal to fuck my mouth for earnest.  He started by slowly pulling his cock out
until only its head remained in my mouth then he slowly inserted his cock back
down into my throat.  He kept this up for must have been 10 or 15 minutes the
whole time I could tell he was having the time of his life by the heavy
breathing and moaning I was hearing or was that mine.  The feel of his cock
gliding over my tongue and into the back of my throat combined with the varying
vibrations of my intruders kept bringing me to the edge of orgasm but never
seeming to let me go all the way over.  Just as I thought this torture was going
to go on forever I felt his hand take a firmer grip of my head as he started to
increase speed and begin fucking my mouth for earnest, this also had the effect
of pushing my butt hard against the bench pushing my intruders into me and
doubling my pleasure.  About this time is when the vibrations in my pussy and
asshole really started to intensify sending me over the edge time and time again
as my mouth squeezed down on the cock giving my mouth a good deep-throat
fucking.  This added pressure was all that was needed as I felt his hands
tighten even more around my head jamming his groin into face and his muscles
tensed as his cock started to inject my mouth and throat with cum, lots and lots
of cum.  I tried to swallow as much as I could but I couldn't keep up and some
oozed out the corner of my mouth and down my chin dripping on to my breast
providing a little relief for my burning nipple.  He kept his cock in my mouth
as it began to shrink away giving me time to make sure I could clean as much cum
off his cock as possible.  That was the most intense sexual experience I ever
had and knew from that point I was quite willing to be Veronica's 'little slut
sex slave' that she wanted me to be as long as she supplied me with experiences
like this one.  He now removed his cock from my mouth and pulled up his pants
and straightened his clothes.  Then he walked around behind me and I saw in the
mirror he pulled something out of a bag and started to reach over me and bring
it close to my head.  It was a blindfold and soon my world grew to pitch
blackness, it didn't permit the slightest bit of light to filter into my eyes,
then I felt something being attached to the back of the blindfold and my head
being pulled back so now it could only face straight forward and my mouth hung
partially open, readily available.  He told me I would now stay like this and
would not be allowed to see who was using my mouth until Mistress V decided
different.  He also told me that he was going to be turning up the volume in the
room so I wouldn't even know they were there until a cock was poking at my 'slut
mouth'.  With that the sound did get much louder but it wasn't music it was that
heavy primal beat but only now I could really feel it as it rocked my body
sending my mind into deep deviant sexual desire.  I desired more, no I needed
more cock then, I yearned for my mouth to be full of cum again.  I didn't have
to wait long as I soon felt a hand on my head and another cock at my lips, which
I greedily sucked into the back of my throat.  Just then my intruders started
increasing intensity until they must have reached maximum overdrive sending me
into another orgasm as I coaxed cum from this cock fucking my face and enjoyed
its sweet salty taste.  I was hungry and wanted to be fed cock and drink cum.  I
lost track of how many cocks had made use of my eager mouth all I know is it
seemed to be an eternity between them.  By this time I had cum covering my face,
stuck in my hair and splattered all over my breasts, I don't know how anyone
could feel more the slut than I did then bound head to foot and covered in cum
but loving every second of it.

     Then the beat moved back into the background and my intruders stopped
vibrating.  I heard Veronica ask me if I was enjoying myself and I was very
quick with my reply that I was more than enjoying myself I was loving it!  She
was very pleased and came over in front of me, grabbed the chain connected to my
nipple clamps, gave a sharp tug and sprayed another shot down my throat and into
my lungs.  Then repeated it again (always two times). This was just to ensure I
stayed in my high state of arousal.  She then proceeded to remove my bindings to
free me (for now), she removed my blindfold but left my nipple clamps on.  She
then instructed me to remove my thong and take my intruders out of my pussy and
asshole (I felt a certain amount of disappointment over this but did as I was
told).  Veronica handed me a bag then directed me over to a basin filled with
water and told me to clean myself off and to fix my make-up just the way it was
when we arrived.  After I finished she handed me a bottle of lotion and
instructed me to apply it to my breasts, especially my nipples, up to my neck,
then lift up my dress and rub it on my pussy and ass, rub it in well and stand
there to let it dry.  When I was rubbing the lotion on my breasts and nipples
Veronica told me to rub hard so it would penetrate.  Doing this she was making
me cause the clamps to shoot pain through my nipples and I couldn't believe that
I was standing there causing myself pain and getting turned on by it.  After the
lotion was dry I notice it left behind little flecks of glitter and I could
smell berries of some sort.  She came over and unlatched my collar with a small
wand and told me to adjust my dress and latch the collar, she then fastened a
leather belt around my waist and pulled it tight.  I notice that at the back
there was a ring with a chain through it with large rings at each end which she
fastened to the clips that popped out of my wrist cuffs when she past her little
wand over them.  The chain was long enough to allow me to use my hands however
if I moved one hand the other would be pulled back until it hit the center ring.
The chain also only lets me keep both of my hands at my side but slightly to the
back, which also pulled my shoulders back slightly resulting in me pushing my
breasts out even farther.  She stepped back to admire her new slave and an evil
little smile came across her face.  She then attached another chain to the chain
between my nipple clamps gave it a tug and commanded me to follow her out into
the club.  I couldn't believe it.  She was going to take me out and put me on
display for everyone to see.  Just before we stepped out the door she leaned
over and told me to remember that I was a slut sex slave so if anyone wanted to
touch me or grab me they could and that I would not be allowed to refuse or shy
away or I would be punished.  She then gave me a whack with the riding crop she
now carried and a tug on the chain to get me moving. With every tug on the chain
I would feel the sharp pain shoot through my nipples but it also always seemed
to excite me.  I never seemed to have much of a pain threshold before but had I
really changed the much in the last hours or did it have something to do with
that spray.

     As we moved out in the club I realized that I had absolutely no idea what
time it might be or how much longer we were going to be here.  There didn't seem
to be as many people in the club as when we first arrived but it was still
crowded.  It seemed like everyone was staring at me with knowing smiles, that
they all knew what I had been up to since I first arrived.  We stopped at a tall
bar table close to the bar and Veronica locked the chain she was leading me with
to a ring in the center of the table.  When she did this I looked down at my
breasts to see how much slack I had so as not to pull on the chain anymore than
necessary and noticed that the flecks from the lotion were glowing and
sparkling.  There must be a black light somewhere and that would mean if my ass
or pussy were exposed they would glow also.  There were no stools at the table
so we had to stand or as I found out I had to stand when a stool was brought
over for Veronica and two drinks were left for us.  I didn't mind as my legs
could use a good stretching and I really enjoyed how my 'come fuck me' shoes
made me feel.  Veronica then asked me to come around to the other side of the
table and stand next to her, which I immediately did for fear of some other
punishment.  I noticed most of the crowd was looking over towards one direction
of the club and curiosity got the better of me.  I couldn't believe what I saw,
there on the big screen, larger than life was me getting my face fucked by the
owner of the club and everyone started to cheer.  I was transfixed.  I couldn't
take my eyes away from watching me like that all bound up and getting a big, fat
cock rammed into my mouth.  I was starting to get really horny all over again (I
wondered what it was doing to everyone else) and just wished someone would just
fuck my brains out.  Then you could tell that he was shooting his cum into my
mouth and a roar came out of the crowd and I was a star.  That's when I felt a
pair of hands reach around slipping under my dress, cup my breasts and roll my
clamped nipples between their fingers.  My mind started to spin and I was sure I
was finally going to get a chance to have some big cock shoved up my pussy or
maybe even in my ass.  Veronica then asked HER if she wanted me to give her
pussy a good tongue cleaning.  The response was pretty predictable and Veronica
unlocked my chain and let it drop so it would jerk on my clamps (I was staring
to enjoy that too much) then she gave me a whack on my ass with her crop and
told me to drop to my knees and service this pretty woman now.  I obeyed
immediately and the woman lifted one leg and hooked her shoe on the top rung of
Veronica's stool which lifted her short skirt up over her ass giving me a clear
view of her clean shaven pussy.  She wasted no time in grabbing a handful of
hair and burying my face in her pussy.  This is not the first time that I've had
sex with another woman Veronica and I have had many of an adventure in bed
lately.  Her pussy tasted sweet as I sucked on her swollen clit and sank my
tongue deep inside her (Veronica has said that I must have a snake's tongue for
how far I can stick it out and make it thin or fat).  This woman now grinds my
face into herself with all her might.  She's now almost using my face as a bar
stool now and I can feel her body start to tremble as she screams out and floods
my face with pussy juice as she cums hard.  Veronica then holds my head to the
woman's pussy and tells me to clean up the mess I caused.  The woman then just
unhooks her shoe, smoothes her skirt down, thanks Veronica and walks away
without even looking at me.  I look around and notice that we've attracted a
crowd, mostly men, all rubbing their crotches.  Veronica looked down at me and
tells me it was time for her to share me with the multitudes.  She reached down
and grabbed my chain.  She used it to help pull me up from my knees (which isn't
easy when your wearing 5" heels and your arms are chained to your sides) which
meant the clamps pulled on my tender nipples harder than at any other time
tonight sending needles of pain through my nipples and into my breasts making my
eyes well up and tears to stream down my face while a shriek escapes from my
mouth. Veronica turned and scolded me for my whimpering and whacked me on the
ass again with her crop.  She then led me over to a small table and detached my
lead chain and then hooked it on to my collar.  Then I was bent over and pushed
down on to the table top, mashing my breasts and clamped nipples into the table
sending another shot of pain through them, she then stretched out the chain on
my collar and fastened it under the table which meant that my head was now
hanging over one side of the table and my ass was sticking up in the air on the
other side.  I felt a bar being attached to my ankle straps and it was being
spread farther and farther apart spreading my legs wide, opening me up to all. 
She stepped back so I could see her and announced that I had disappointed her so
she was going to let anyone fuck me for the next hour or hour and half she
hadn't decided.  She told them they could fuck me in the pussy, ass or mouth but
only once.  She then walked around behind me and angrily shoved something up my
ass and I felt some liquid filling me up back there (I sure hope its lube). 
When Veronica pulled it out, I could feel some of the stuff ooze out of my ass
and coat my pussy.  Was this for my 'whimpering'?

     It wasn't long, maybe 10 seconds, before I felt the first cock enter me and
it was going up my ass.  I have never been fucked up the ass before and this
fellow wasn't about to take his time.  He just started to shove it in and it
went in with minimum pain (must have been having that butt plug up there for so
long) but I did feel like I was being split in half by his cock.  Then he gave
it one final push and sank up my ass to the hilt making my eyes widen and my
mouth to open wide as I gasped and sucked my lungs full of air.  This was an
open invitation for someone to fill my mouth with a cock and it was quickly
accepted.  He already knew what I was capable of so he just slid his cock to the
back of my throat, making me gag, then grabbed hold of my head and proceeded to
face fuck me.  These two cocks soon had a rhythm going between them, the whole
time making my breasts roll back and forth on my clamped nipples sending a dull
pain through them.  But it wasn't long before the two of them were filling me up
at both ends with cum.  As the cock withdrew for my mouth I tried to swallow as
much of the salty juice as I could but as always some managed to trickle down my
chin.  Once they were done they were replaced by two more cocks, then two more
after that and so on and so on.

     By the time Veronica decided that I had enough I had umpteen orgasms and I
was sure cum was leaking out of my ears because it sure as hell was dripping out
of my pussy and ass.  She stood in front of me, put her hand under me chin to
lift my head up and asked me if her 'slut sex slave' had learned her lesson and
won't question or disappoint her anymore.  If I was ready to follow her commands
like her slut sex slave should.  I looked up at her without hesitation and said,
"Yes, Mistress V."  I was hers.  She then squatted down in front of me, leaned
in and licked cum off my chin. Then she moved her lips to mine and gave me a
passionate kiss while probing my mouth with her tongue to taste what I had
tasted.  Veronica then stood and moved to the back of me and told everyone they
could still touch and fondle me but I was off-limits for fucking.  She just left
me like this and walked away.  I think Veronica left me there so I could drain. 
Many of the club patrons did take advantage of this and would grab my ass or
give it a quick slap as they walked by, some would stop and spend a little time
to fondle my pussy or ass.  I didn't actually mind this at all and really got
turned on by it all.  I even got to cum while someone was playing with my clit. 
Then a woman stood in front of me, lifted up her skirt, grabbed my head by the
hair, buried my face into her shaven pussy and commanded me to do my magic.  I
immediately stuck my tongue deep into her pussy and sucked on her swollen clit
until she quaked to orgasm.  Veronica finally came over and removed my binds,
handed me a towel and bag then told me to go to the washroom and fix myself and
be back in fifteen minutes because we were leaving.  One of the waiters showed
me to a private washroom so I would have some privacy; little did I know that
this was going to be my last bit of privacy for a while.

  I got myself all cleaned up and straightened out; makeup readjusted just right
and relieved myself before returning to the table with Veronica.  There was
another chair there now for me to sit in which I did because I noticed while I
was in the washroom that my legs were starting to get a little rubbery.  After I
sat Veronica reached into my dress and removed the nipple clamps and I felt a
rush of blood back into them and felt them start to burn which then made my
chest, neck and face blush then my pussy started to tingle again.  What have I
turned into?  I have become insatiable?  She then gently pulled the halter
straps towards middle, exposing my breasts, and tenderly kissed and licked each
nipple in turn.  I just about melted and my pussy started to get wet yet again. 
She then put her arm around my shoulders and pressed her lips to mine and gave
me a deep passionate kiss as our tongues intertwined.  At that very moment I
knew I wanted her and I would do anything to please her.  She then broke our
embrace and told me to stand up and put my hands behind my back.  I then felt my
cuffs being latched together behind me and a chain locked to my collar.  She
gave me a quick whack on the ass with her crop and a tug on the chain and told
me to follow because we were leaving.  When we got to the back hallway where we
came in the owner (which I now found out was in fact Francesco) was waiting for
us and Veronica told me that he was going to be joining us for the rest of the
trip.  I had no idea what she meant by the rest of the trip but if I wasn't
excited before about this adventure that Veronica was taking me on I sure was
now.  With that Francesco leaned in and started giving me a passionate kiss then
I felt a prick on my neck.

     I started to feel really strange by the time we got out the door and wanted
to sit in the comfort of the limo as soon as possible but I couldn't see it
anywhere just a big black van parked outside.  I saw one the doormen open the
side door and as I reached the bottom of the steps I was lifted and pushed
through, the door slammed shut and the van started to speed down the road.  I
was starting to feel a bit like a rag doll, my body didn't seem to want to do
what my brain told it to, however, I was still quite aware of what was going on
around me, it was strange.  Was I being kidnapped?  Why would Veronica do this
to me?  That's when I heard Francesco ask Veronica if he could fuck me up the
ass before I passed out and she gave him permission.  He just grabbed my hips
with his big strong hands, lifted me up pulling my ass cheeks apart and leaned
my asshole back against his big cock and eased his grip letting me impale
myself.  Whatever they had given me, had so relaxed every muscle in my body that
his cock easily disappeared in my ass and I couldn't believe how great it made
me feel despite my condition.  Veronica took this as a clue and lifted her dress
over her hips spreading her legs wide then grabbed the back of my head bringing
it down to be buried in her pussy. She wrapped her boots around my back pulling
me closer then commanded me to eat and that I better do a good job.  This made
me lean forward making it easier for Francesco in the rear to start driving his
cock up my ass sending me into orgasmic bliss as I came several more times
before he gave one more final hard thrust forward and I felt may ass fill with
his hot cum.  This drove my face into Veronica's pussy and burying my tongue
deep in her canal which triggered her orgasm as she clamped her legs around my
head like a vice and flooded my face and mouth with her sweet pussy juices.  I
don't remember anything between feeling Francesco's cock pop out of my ass and
now as I began to wake-up.



Page 1 of 15




TARA'S ADVENTURES
CHAPTER 2
INITIATION
By Tara


     Oh, do I ever feel groggy.  I'll just lay here with my eyes closed for a
while and let my brain come back on line.  That must have been some night; I
can't remember a thing about what happened.  However, wait until I tell her
about the dream I had, she will not believe it.  I must be thinking too much
about my fantasies, they are starting to creep into my dreams.  Let's take a
little inventory here.  Head and brain are a little sore.  Eyes are sore and
burning.  Mouth is dry and feels like I tried to swallow something larger than
me head.  Ow!  It's my nipples; they're sore and starting to burn.  Maybe a
little rub will help.  What the...?  I can't move my hands.  There's something
holding them over my head.  Try my legs.  My ankles are holding them, must be
those shoes.  What the hell is going on here?

	"Wake up and open your eyes sleepy head."  Veronica whispered in Tara's
ear.

	Thank god.  Maybe she can explain this to me.

	"Come on let's see those baby blues.  We have a big day ahead of us and
we need to get started.  WAKE UP NOW!  GET YOUR LITTLE SLUT SEX SLAVE ASS OUT OF
BED AND MOVING!" she commanded.

	What?  Slut sex slave?  Oh god!  It wasn't a dream.  That means last
night actually happened.  Why does that still excite me?  That's it!  I've been
in control for so long that being controlled is a relief for me.  Well at least
I got it out of my system and I can tell Veronica.  She'll untie me and we can
finish our vacation together.  Just a second here!  This is our vacation
together.  She said she was basing this month's vacation on all the fantasies
that I shared with her.  Oh god, in all my fantasies I would be abducted to be
used as a sexual play toy by different groups of both men and women.  These
scenarios always included bondage, S&M and I was always the submissive.  Sort of
summed up last night, doesn't it?  Dressed up like a slut, went to a strange
club, bound and gag, used by anonymous people for their sexual pleasure and then
drugged and kidnapped to an unknown place.  But why is she still keeping me tied
up?  Is this a continuation of last night?  And why am I still finding this
exciting?  Damn, my mind is racing out of control.  I've got to calm down and
get control.

	"That's it; I knew you could lift those heavy lids with the right
motivation.  Now didn't you enjoy your self last night?  There's really no need
to thank me right now but I will find a way for you to take care of that later. 
We have a lot to do before the photographer arrives so we need to get you up and
moving."

	What she talking about, a photographer?  If she wants me to get up, she
needs to do something about the way she has me tied down.  I'm definitely
feeling better, but we really do need to talk about this situation.

	I could feel a small breeze passing over my body so I must be naked.  I
raised my head to look down my body only to see my nipples poking up larger, as
well as redder, than ever.  The stockings from last night were still covering my
legs, as the shoes were still securely strapped to my feet.  I no longer wore
the dress and the thong had gone missing in action.  Where I was, how I got here
and how long I've been here were three questions I could not answer.  A sane
person should find this disturbing.  However, I found my predicament to be both
intriguing and exhilarating.  I turned my head to look at Veronica as she stood
over me.  She wore the same boots and collar from last night; however, the rest
of her outfit had changed.  A black leather corset now tightly cinched her
torso, pushing her breasts up and together, barely covering her amble nipples. 
A skimpy black thong barely concealed her bare pussy.  The pair of tight, black
and chrome studded leather gloves covered her hands extending up her arms to
just below the elbow.  She was holding a riding crop in one hand while
absent-mindedly tapping it on the palm of the other.  She then reached a
leather-encased hand down and grabbed one of my nipples between her thumb and
finger before giving it a pinch and rolling it between her fingers.  My muscles
tensed as my mouth opened to draw in a deep breath as I felt the pain stabbing
from my tender nipples.  Veronica then reached down to send a stream of spray
from her bottle down my throat into my lungs.  She then repeated this with my
other nipple and I received a second dose into my lungs.  Will I never learn?

	"That should help with the cobwebs in your brain and your stiffness." 
She cooed.

  	The spray started to do its magic almost immediately as I started to
feel my head clear and all my little aches and pains melt away.  That's when its
intoxicating effects took over.  At first, I thought that it might be a
different spray, but the way I was beginning to feel told me that it was the
same.  After a few moments Veronica reached down to lightly cups my breasts in
her palms before she began to tease my nipples once again.  My eyes closed and a
hesitating sigh escaped from my mouth.  She then slowly ran her hand down my
stomach to my pussy and ran her leather-clad hand over my mound until she had it
cupped in her hand.  Then I felt a finger push in between my lower lips and sink
into my now soaked canal.  She started to move her finger in and out of my pussy
while letting her hand massage my groin stimulating my clit.  My head began to
spin as I found my getting more and more aroused.  She managed to work me to the
point of orgasm and stopped

	"Not quite yet.  I still have plans for you."  She mocked, forcing her
leather covered finger into my mouth commanding me to suck off my juices. 
"After all I never really got the chance to fuck you last night even though you
managed to get me so horny I had let anyone there have me whichever way they
wanted.  As a result your next mind blowing orgasm will come from me fucking
you."  Veronica announced.

	Veronica now released the chains holding my wrist cuffs and the ankles
before she helped me to sit up on the edge of the bed.  It took a few moments
for my eyes to focus as I looked around to see a room that resembled a dungeon
cell.  The walls and ceiling had chains hanging from rings everywhere.  Fixtures
that looked like torches hooked on the walls giving the room the dim lighting
you'd expect to see in a dungeon lighted this cell.  I was sitting on a narrow
bed with a rather basic wrought iron frame looking over at a thick wooden table
in the center of the room.  On the far end of the room, a large barred door
looked like something out of an old movie.  Next to this door, stood a large
cabinet with two padlocked doors giving it a rather ominous feeling.  There was
a shower, vanity and toilet along the left side of this room with the only
privacy provided by the curtain that wrapped around the toilet.  The shower
however was open for all to see with its clear glass doors.  A full-length
mirror dominated the wall behind the bed, such as you would expect to see in a
dance studio.  Veronica then placed the end of her crop under my chin and used
it to guide me to my feet as she pressed her lips to mine, probing my mouth with
her tongue.  I started to feel myself melt into her and my fears just seemed to
disappear.  She then pulled away, her face taking on that same hard look of
dominance as she pointed her crop towards the closet doors next to the bed.

	"You'll find all the clothes and undergarments you will be required to
wear in those closets.  However from time to time you will be required to wear
special outfits and they will be supplied when needed."  She instructed.  "Also
all the toiletries and make-up you will be required to use can be found in the
vanity."

	Veronica then gave me my instructions.  I had exactly 2 hours to eat and
get ready for the photo shoot.  She handed me an envelope and told me to follow
the instructions so I would properly done up for the photos.  I was to shower,
apply makeup and get dressed in the clothes that are in the closet as
instructed.  I heard the barred door clang as it opened and Francesco walked in
carrying a tray of food, which he placed it on the table before he turned and
left without saying a word.  Veronica ordered me to eat and get ready because I
had a big day ahead of me, then turned and walked out the door as the bars
closed behind her.

	I realized just how hungry I was when aroma from the tray hit my nose. 
I haven't eaten for god knows how long.  I started to walk over to the table and
almost fell flat on my face as my sky-high heels abruptly slipped off my feet. 
I guess she forgot to tell me she released the straps before leaving.  When I
lifted the cover off the plate of food, I thought to myself that I might be a
slave however; they are feeding me like a queen.  I didn't realize how hungry I
was until I devoured everything on the tray.  After I was finished, I felt much
better, full of energy, and leaned back in the chair to relax for a few moments. 
Suddenly the realization that I had no way of telling what time it was struck me
and I mentally felt Veronica's crop striking my ass, punishing me fro my
tardiness.

	I picked up my sheet of instructions and scanned them to discover that
they weren't much different from those I had received at the office.  I walked
over to the closet to find the outfit I was instructed to wear (it was to be
labelled for me) to discover that the clothes Veronica had packed for me were
nowhere to be found.  All the dresses, skirts, slacks and tops were made of a
similar material as the dress that I had worn last night.  They also appeared to
be just as tight, revealing and sluttish.  There were also some very sheer cat
suits and one-piece bathing suits (I've seen napkins with more fabric).  Along
the bottom of the closet, there was a large selection of footwear, shoes and
boots, all of which had very high heels except for the two pairs of runners.  I
started to look through the drawers and found many thongs, g-strings, stockings,
garters and bikini bathing suits.  There was also a selection of skimpy t-shirts
and very short shorts, that just like the slacks, had zippers that ran from the
front, down and up back to the waistband.  The look and feel of all these sexy
clothes was beginning to make me flush with excitement as a sensual warm swept
over my body.  I pulled the labelled outfit from the closet and placed it on the
bed before returning to the table for a long drink of wine, hoping it might help
calm me down.  As I removed the stockings, from the previous night, I felt
myself becoming both anxious as well as sexually excited by the mystery of what
was to come next.

	It was now time to get ready quickly and I hopped into the shower. 
After scrubbing myself thoroughly, making sure to remove the last remnants from
last night, I rinsed and towelled off before applying the make-up, lotions and
sparkles according to Veronica's instructions (again feeling the mental sting
from Veronica's crop).  Moving over to the bed I watched myself in the mirrors
amazed at how slutty and sexually charged I looked with the make-up, body
sparkles, bare pussy and my crimson nipples standing large and erect.  I found
myself getting even more excited as I quickly got dressed in the outfit I had
laid out earlier on the bed.  First, I put on the stockings, making sure the
seams in back were straight, then the shoes that I had been wearing from last
night.  I then shimmied into the flimsy dress before straightening and smoothing
it down (I was not to wear undergarments).  Stepping away from the bed, I stood
before the mirrors to be amazed at my transformation in just 24 hours.

	The dress was just as tight and short made from the same thin, stretchy
material as the dress I had been wearing last night.  Only this time it was a
bright, shiny red.  The very thin halter straps ran from behind my neck to cover
my breasts, leaving their sides well exposed.  The halter straps formed over my
breasts like a second skin, my swollen nipples poking through, held together by
a thin strap beneath them.  The halter straps finally joined below my navel but
before exposing my pussy.  The hem barely covered the lace tops of the stockings
as the tight fabric formed around my thighs moulding provocatively over my pussy
mound.  The dress left my back exposed to just above the cleft of my ass except
for another thin strap running under my shoulder blades (ensuring the front
stayed formed over my breasts).  As in front, the hem barely covered my stock
tops and the tight material formed over my legs and ass cheeks burying into the
cleft.  The stockings were black and very sheer with a subtle shimmer to them. 
They pulled up to the top of my legs leaving the lacy tops to lightly  and
seductively tease my bare pussy  The shoes finished off the look strapped
seductively around my strong slender ankles.  A warm wave of sexual desire
washed over my body as I remembered that I would not be able to remove these
shoes and the visions of my bondage played in my mind.

	I decided to finish the wine and get a little more practice walking in
these tall heels while getting a closer look around this cell.  There wasn't
much else to see except for the all the hooks and rings mounted into two of the
walls and the ceiling (some with chains and manacles attached).  The floor,
walls and ceiling all seemed constructed of stone, which seemed too perfect to
be real.  I found myself becoming mesmerized as I walked around this cell
feeling the cool stone and fondling the chains and manacles.  The wine was
having a definite affect on me, not in a drunken way, but making my whole body
warm as my skin tingled erotically.  I was so intent on studying the cell as the
warm glow washed over me that I barely noticed clank of the barred door as it
opened.

	Veronica strutted in wearing her same evilly mischievous expression,
slapping her crop into her palm, followed closely by Francesco.  Veronica walked
over and used her crop to guide me to center of the room, to stand near the
table.  She reached up and adjusted the halter straps of the dress, smoothed its
fabric over my breasts and adjusted the hem.  Stepping back she silently looked
me up and down with a lustful eye while running her crop down the front of me,
letting its leather tongue rest against my pussy mound.  I shifted restlessly as
I felt my body flush yet once again and my pussy began to moisten.  She then
placed her hands on my shoulders and turned me around until I was facing the
large mirrored wall at the far end of this cell.

	Francesco then walked over to the table behind me and placed a black bag
on its top.  He then opened it and reached into its interior pulling out a black
leather strap, which he handed to Veronica.  She stepped behind me, then wrapped
it tightly around me neck before locking it in place.  It was a black leather
collar, soft padding on the interior, with a small chrome carabiner hanging down
the front with a small lock.  Chromed D-rings hung down from both sides (and the
back I assume).  She remained silent as did Francesco and I dared not ask any
questions unless I wanted to feel the sting of her crop.  Veronica then reached
around leaning her body into my back and used the lock to attach a chain to my
new collar.  She let the chain drop allowing it to hang between my breasts and
brush against my now sensitive pussy.  She cupped her hands over my breasts and
took each nipple between a thumb and index finger pinching them as she rolled
them between her fingers.  I heard her gasp in a deep breath at the same time as
me, our bodies pressed into each other.  She then whispered seductively into my
ear.

	"Do you have any idea how much you have me turned on?  You little slut,
your going to be mine tonight and there's nothing you can do about it.  The next
couple of days are going to initiate you into a completely new world, a new
lifestyle.  By the time we're finished, you won't ever want to return to your
old boring life."

	With that said, she gave a tug on the chain (which I now realized was a
leash) turning me around.  A quick stoke from her crop on my thinly covered ass
and another tug on the leash had me heading towards the cell door behind her and
Francesco.  We stopped just outside of the cell as Veronica turned to me and
used her crop to twist my head up to see a mountain of a man standing next to
the door.

	"This is Bruno.  He will be your keeper and protector while you are
here.  I'm your 'Mistress', Francesco is your 'Master' and Bruno is your
'Protector'."  She informed me.  "Now give your protector a nice kiss."

	I stopped and hesitated wondering what she was talking about and soon
received another whack from her crop immediately followed by another.  I quickly
moved over to Bruno to give him a kiss before, my now stinging ass, received any
more punishment.  Even in these heels, this man towered over me.  Then I felt
the sting on my ass again.  I quickly reached up, wrapped my hands behind
Bruno's neck pulling myself up off my feet and planted a nice juicy kiss on his
lips.  I received absolutely no response from him and let myself drop to the
ground in disappointment.

	"That will prove that you can not influence your keeper.  He will not
let himself be swayed by your sexual advances; no matter how hard you try,
unless one of us gives him permission to use you."  Veronica kindly informed.

	"Bruno, grab her tits."  Francesco instructed.  "Feel how large and firm
they are?  See how big and hard her nipples have become.  We'll have lots of fun
with this one."

	Bruno immediately followed his instructions and gently took hold of my
breasts to massage them in his massive hands.  I would never have thought that a
man as massive as Bruno could have such a gentle touch.  I felt my knees weaken,
purring softly, as he agreed with Francesco.  Veronica gave a sharp tug on my
leash pulling me around and away from Bruno.  Francesco pulled each of my hands
out in front of me as he latched cuffs tightly around my wrists.  My arms were
now locked behind my back as Veronica began lead me down the hallway.  As we
walked down the hall, I found myself becoming more anxious about what would
become of me.  Even this seemed to excite me as I felt my body tingle with a
prickly warm as my pussy began to moisten with more of my juices.

	I have no way of knowing what these people had planned to do with me. 
Even though I have known Veronica for over past two years and we have become
best of friends (or so I thought), do I really know her.  Francesco and Bruno I
had never met before last night and look what happened to me last night.  I
can't say that I was an unwilling participant last night, or was it a result of
the drug that they are obviously using.  Then I have never felt truly drugged or
drunk, so maybe what they have been giving me only lowers my inhibitions.  Is
this what I truly want?  I cannot remember ever having the same intense orgasms
that I experienced last night, let alone the number.  I'm so sexually aroused
now that I can't think straight.  Dressing up like a slut, having my ankles,
wrists and neck so tightly secured and not knowing what awaits me only adds to
my arousal.  My mind is racing yet all I desire is sexual.  I want to be tied
down and used for pleasure again just as I was last night.  God, she right, this
is all I really want.

	By the time we reached the stairs at the end of the hall my mind was
swimming in a pool of sexual desire.  Reaching the top landing the warmth of
sunlight helped settle my mind as my head cleared somewhat.  They gave me a few
moments to let my eyes adjust and I noticed a large room to my left and a short
hallway to my right.  Veronica gave a tug on my leash and continued to lead me
down the hallway to the door at the end, which Francesco opened and we followed
him through.

	The room looked every bit like a photo studio.  The far wall had the
typical backdrop with light stands, tripods and cameras all around.  On one
side, there was a vanity covered with lotions, potions and make-up with a
barber's chair in front.  The other side had a table covered with different
chains, restraints, sex toys and more lotions.  All about the room there were
different 'apparatus', some I could identify others I've never seen before.  A
tug on my lease followed another crop stroke to my ass and I was lead to the
area in front of the cameras as the lighting on the backdrop began to change. 
Veronica removed my leash and commanded me to stay still, as one would a dog
before walking back behind the cameras.  A man entered through a door at the
back of the room before calmly walking up to the cameras.  He gave me a quick,
disinterested look and leaned down to look through the viewfinder of a camera. 
Suddenly the lights began to flash brightly startling me like a deer caught in
the headlights of a truck.  Then the lighting changed, this time more subdued
with deeper colours.  The photographer started to bark instructions as to how he
wanted me to pose and where I was to look.  At first, I just stood there stunned
until I noticed Veronica as she stood off to the side tapping her crop against
the palm of her hand.  I quickly focused all my attention on the photographer's
instructions completely.

	"Ok, everything is set; I'm finished with the set-up shots.  You can do
the slut up any way you want, just make sure you keep her within the marks on
the floor."  The photographer barked to Veronica. 

	Veronica and Francesco walked over to the stage and bound me into the
first of many different positions I would be photographed in today.  My bondage
ranged from light with only my hands and ankles bound to rather strict hogties
using various gags used and then the use of many of the apparatus in the room. 
They were always very careful to ensure that my pussy and ass remained covered
but just enough to tantalise.  For three and a half hours the photographer
clicked away while Veronica and Francesco posed me in my various bound and
gagged positions.  They also took pictures depicting Veronica and Francesco
using different whips and paddles on me, but only in mock for the camera. 
Veronica and Francesco seemed to be satisfied with how the photo shoot had gone
and the photographer said he had all the shots he would need for the layout. 
That's when Veronica told the photographer that she still wanted a few more
shots for her private collection.

	I was still kneeling down on a thick, plush carpet, my arms outside of
my legs with my wrists cuffs locked to the ankle straps of my shoes.  My ankles
were held wide by a spreader bar as my knees were strapped together.  I watched
as Veronica began slipping on some type of thong harness with two very life-like
dildos attached.  One was mounted on the interior, which she easily pushed into
her own pussy, the other jutted menacingly out front betraying its purpose. 
After making sure the harness fit nice and snug she walked over to me with her
large, hard phallus bobbing comically in front of her.  I started to giggle only
to be rewarded with a stern glare and with a series of quick, stinging strokes
to my ass with her crop.  She continued the assault on my ass as she stood
before me and grabbed a hand full of my hair.  She pulled my head back, pushed
the dildo between my open lips and let it slide over my tongue.  She slowly
began to work that fake cock towards the back of my mouth and into my throat as
I felt the final stroke of her crop against my ass.  Veronica kept working her
fake cock into my mouth telling me to get it nice and wet.  It was obvious by
the way she was moaning that the dildo inside her harness was working its magic
on her.

	She stood rigid for several moments before slowly pulling the dildo out
of my throat and mouth.  Veronica's skin glistened with a fine coating of
perspiration betraying the orgasm she must have just experienced.  She now took
up a kneeling position behind me before placing a palm between my shoulder
blades and pushing my shoulders down to the carpeted floor.  My ass now jutted
high into the air leaving my juicy pussy and tight bud well exposed.  Veronica
wasted little time as I felt the fat head of her artificial cock rub against my
now fully engorged clit as she worked her thumb in and out of my pussy.  After a
few minutes of this manipulation I found myself quickly climbing towards orgasm
just as Veronica pulled out her thumb to replace it with her 'cock'.  She slowly
filled my vaginal channel with its girth as I felt its heavily veined exterior
tease my inner walls.  Once fully inserted I felt myself begin to drift away on
a sea of erotic arousal as I moved even closer to the edge of orgasm.  Veronica
must have sensed this as she slowly withdrew from me to causing my impending
orgasm to abate somewhat.  Then suddenly she pushed her 'cock' back deep into me
while, at the same time pushing her now lubricated thumb into my tender ass. 
This was more than I could take and my whole body was violently shaken by the
most intense orgasm I had ever felt.  She now grabbed hold of my hips tightly in
her strong hands and began to thrust into me.  My initial orgasm never
completely had a chance to subside as it was followed by one then another. 
Veronica's moans and screams mingled with my own as she thrust into me one last
time, her body shaking in orgasm.

	Veronica pulled out of me; fell onto her ass on the carpeting, leaving
us both panting heavily from our orgasms.  I could feel my juices running down
the inside of my thighs as Francesco released me from my restraints. Once
released, I collapsed onto the floor in sexual exhaustion as Veronica removed
her harness, pulling the dildo out of her soaked pussy.  The photographer
announced, rather matter-of-factly, that he was finished and would go and
develop what he had; she would be able to make a decision in a couple hours.  I
have no idea what decisions she had to make concerning these photos but if they
were to get out in public, I would sue the ass off them all and anyone that even
talked to them.  Veronica absent-mindedly gave a wave of her hand to dismiss him
while still trying to regain her composure.  He then returned to the room he
came out of earlier.  Must be a darkroom, I thought.  A part of me was
definitely interested in seeing how much of a slut I looked like in those
pictures.  However, knew I would have to wait as Veronica reattached my leash to
my collar.  Once pulled to my feet my dressed was smoothed out, my wrists locked
behind my back and led me from this room.

	Once back inside my cell Veronica guided to the center before hooking my
wrists to a chain hanging down from the ceiling.  She unhooked the halter of my
dress allowing it to fall to the floor.  She cupped her leather encased hands
around my firm breasts and teased my nipples between her fingers.  One of her
hands lightly snaked its way down my body until it cupped my pussy mound while
the other continued its manipulation of my breast and nipple.  A low sensual
moan escaped from my lips caused by the erotic feel of the soft leather rubbing
against my sensitive mound.

	"You like that don't you?  A slut like you just doesn't seem to get
enough.  We'll just have to see if we can satisfy that appetite of yours over
the next few weeks.  First you need to go through a little training to ensure
you are the perfect little slut slave."  She whispered into my ear.

	This is the first time I had been given any idea how long my sexual
enslavement was going to last.  This is when I started to become frightened
about what was to become of me.  There was no way she would let me go once they
were finished with me.  Would I just disappear?  Then as though she was reading
my mind, Veronica reassured me, I think.

	"Nothing will happen to you at the end of the month.  If you want to
leave and return back to your demanding, yet boring, life you can.  However, I
am certain you will want to join Francesco, our organization and myself.  If you
leave and try to complain about us to the authorities they will not believe you,
after all we have all the releases you signed earlier.  That's right, you
signed."

	Veronica then walked over to the closets next to the door and pulled a
key ring from her corset, unlocking them and opening them wide.  The closets'
interiors were overflowing with all sorts of bondage tools, whips, paddles and
sex toys.  She grabbed something hooked on one of the doors and came back
towards me.  She straightened it out and held it up in front of me as Francesco
continued to pull other implements from the closet.

	"This will be your training harness for the next couple of days.  We
will only remove it from you for showering, when we permit you to sleep and for
those special moments we decide.  You will be required to wear it at all other
times.  Its design gives us better control over you until we decide that your
training is complete and you will follow orders without question.  Do I make
myself clear?"

	I might not agree with it but I nod my head to let her know that I
understood what she had just told me.  Then I got three rather substantial
strokes from her crop, stinging my ass.  What did I do that was so wrong? 
'Yes', I tell her.  Three more strokes across my ass causing it to begin to
burn.  Oh, yes.  "Yes, Mistress V."  She then lightly massaged my now sore ass
cheeks and reached her hand between my legs to stroke my clit while cooing
menacingly how delighted she was with my quick submission.  Damn her, I am not
some little schoolgirl to be punished when I talked out in class.  She then
squatted down in front of me, pulling the harness over my feet and up my legs
and before positioning it properly over my body, locking it to my collar both
front and back.  It was made of soft yet strong leather and fit my body
perfectly with straps connected by rings criss-crossing me front and back.  My
breasts fit through two round openings of leather separating and holding them in
place.  The straps around my legs rode up high and framed my pussy while they
slightly pulled my ass cheeks apart.  Even though I stood there mostly naked,
except for my shoes and stockings, I felt securely bound.

	"You might remember these from last night?"  She cooed coyly holding up
three of the objects Francesco had retrieved from the closet.

	They seemed to be the same dildo and butt plug that she used on me at
the club with the bar she used to spread out my legs wide.  After replacing them
onto the table she reaches for on of my nipples giving it a hard pinch awarding
me with a spray into my gapping, gasping mouth.  Again she repeated this on my
other nipple (always twice and I fall for it every time).  The spray almost
immediately had its desired effect as I began to fell my mind cloud with lust. 
Grabbing the bar, Veronica attached to the straps around my ankles, adjusting it
spread my legs 3 feet wide.  Once the bar was attached I heard a whirling and
felt the chain connected to my wrist begin to pull up towards the ceiling.  This
forced my arms up behind my back causing me to bend at the waist in order to
take the pressure off my shoulders.  By now my head is just lower than my hips
leaving both my pussy and asshole completely open and exposed.  Next she
retrieved the dildo and butt plug from the table, which were well coated in
slippery lube.  Squatting down behind me I watched her slowly began to insert
them into my pussy and ass as she had the night before at the club.  The dildo
entering my overly sensitive pussy caused me to gasp but was nothing compared to
that of the butt plug.  The pressure of its tip forcing open my tight passage
made me gasp loudly but its flared shaft brought out guttural grunts as Veronica
pushed it past my untrained sphincter, spreading it wide.  I sighed in relieve
as the widest part pushed past my ring as it closed tightly around the thinner
base.  Once Veronica had them completely stuffed deep into my holes the initial
pain became forgotten as the rush of ecstasy overcome me.  Veronica now reached
between my legs grabbing hold of a zipper closing the crotch of the harness from
the front to the rear.  My intruders were now securely held within me ensuring I
would not be able to expel them.  Standing up, Veronica attached a lock to the
zipper locking it to my harness.

	The whirling began again as the chain began to slacken but only allowing
me to straighten until I was bent over perpendicular to the floor.  Veronica
came around to stand before me and used my hair to pull my head up.  She showed
me the small remote control she was holding in her hand so I could watch as she
manipulated its keypad.  Suddenly my intruders sprang to life sending tingles of
sexual excitement up through my body from my pussy and ass.  The vibrations were
even transmitted to my clit through the tight crotch strap of the harness,
adding even more stimulation.

	"I'll leave you to get reacquainted, and accustomed, to your friends and
be back a little later."  Veronica announced on her way out.

	My intruders, along with the spray, worked their magic bringing me to a
heightened state of arousal, leaving me at the pinnacle, without driving me over
the edge.  I thought that maybe I could shift my hips back and forth to add that
extra stimulation I needed from my harness.  I soon discovered this only put
more painful strain on my shoulder counteracted any advantage gained from the
added friction.  This was devious sexual torture.  All I could think of was how
much I needed to have an orgasm.  Nothing else really mattered at that point and
I squeezed my eyes shut to concentrate on my pussy, hoping to will myself into
orgasm.  Suddenly a sharp sting on my ass jerked my eyes wide as Veronica came
to stand in front of me.

	"Had enough?  Do you want to cum?"  Veronica questioned.  "Then all you
have to do is ask properly and correctly.  If I like the way you ask I'll let
you have the orgasm that you most certainly crave.  If not we'll have to
continue this training session until you learn your place."

	"Oh, please Mistress V!!!  Let me cum, allow me my orgasm.  I'll do
anything for you desire if only you let me have my orgasms."  I found myself
pleading shamelessly.  "I really need you to let me have my orgasms or I fear
that I'll go insane with sexual desire.  Please, Mistress, pleeeease!!!" I was
blubbering like an idiot.

	Then the vibrations increased and within seconds I experienced another
mind-blowing orgasm that rocked my entire body.  My legs started to give way
causing pain to shoot through my strained shoulders and arms.  I struggled to
regain my balance as another small orgasm washed over me making it even more
difficult to relieve the pain.  Veronica reached over to steady me, pulled me
back up and told me to be careful she didn't want a valuable asset damaged.  She
then released my legs from the bar and detached my wrists from the overhead
chain and I slumped to knees gasping for breath.  The crop found its mark, once
again, as Veronica told me that my day of training had just begun.  I had much
to learn before I would be ready for my adventure tonight. What did she mean
tonight?  I was already exhausted.  I wasn't in any condition to continue now,
much less carry on into tonight.  Veronica grabbed a handful of my hair pulling
my head back until I was sitting back on my haunches.  She then quickly latched
wrists to my collar and hooked my ankles together ordering me to keep my knees
spread wide.  Moving a chair to the front of me, she sat down splaying her legs
out to either side.  Leaning forward she placed her crop under my chin and
lifted my head so I would look her straight in the eye as she began to give me
her rules and orders.

	"From this point on you will no longer be Tara the executive but Tara
slut slave.  You will now be referred to you as Tara, slut, slave or any
combination.  As I pointed out to you before I'm your Mistress, Francesco is
your Master and will be referred to as Master F and Bruno is your protector and
will be referred to as Sir B.  You already know that I'm Mistress V.  Now for
the pecking order, I'm number one, then Francesco, then Bruno, the guests, any
other staff and finally you.  You will be required to follow all orders without
question; you will speak only when spoken to and given permission. All commands
given to you and questions asked of you will be promptly handled in a positive
manner by you or you will receive the punishment that I deem worthy.  You will
not be required to cook and clean, as that will be taken care for you.  You will
be expected to serve and service the guests without question or complaint.  You
are a sex slave and a slut so you will be available to service anyone and/or
everyone, whenever and/or however we want. There will be a number of special
theme events for you to participate in and you are required to make them
memorable for all concerned.  If we receive any complaints concerning your
performance you will be punished by and/or for me."

	"This cabin and all the property around it belongs to Francesco." 
Veronica continued.  "There are only two ways to get here, by either boat or
plane landing on the lake, that's how you got here.  There are no neighbours
nearby, so running off into the woods is not a good idea unless you want to be a
bear's dinner.  Once your training is complete you will have full run of the
cabin and all its amenities but you are always on the sex clock.  You can choose
whatever clothing you want out of your closet unless you're Mistress V, Master F
or Sir B requests otherwise.  You will always be required to wear your collar
and cuffs to ensure your ease of restraint.  We will also be videotaping all
your adventures.  If you notice the globes on the walls around your cell, they
conceal cameras connected to both recording machines and the cabin's video
system."

	"Your only privacy will be when you are using the toilet.  This is
probably the most important rule for you.  If at anytime, after your training,
you find someone or something is getting out of hand, or more than you can
handle, use the safe word 'RED', if it is something that you can handle but
getting too intense use the safe word 'YELLOW'.  'Red' will mean for them to
stop and 'yellow' to tone it down a little.  If they don't, Bruno will be there
to ensure their compliance.  I would suggest that you don't cry wolf or you will
suffer a worst fate than the little boy from the story.  This will be the last
time you may ask any questions without being given permission.  So if you have
any questions you had better ask now, but any objections will only get you
punished.   If you have any questions you may ask them now."

	Veronica's speech was straight forward in its strict meaning allowing
little time to formulate any questions but I did have many objections.  I
started to open my mouth and raise a few of these objections when Veronica
raised her crop while shaking her head and told me to keep them to myself or
prepare myself for punishment.  Now that I understood the rules she was going to
take me on a tour of the cabin and its grounds.  She got up from her chair and
moved behind me where she unhooked my ankles and released my wrists from my
collar, helped me to my feet and locked my wrists behind my back.  My leash was
latched to my collar and Veronica gave another stroke to my already stinging ass
before taking hold of my leash.  With a tug on my leash she led me through the
door in my cell, down the hall and back up the stairs.  Instead of turning
towards the studio we went in the other direction and walked out into the large
room I had noticed earlier.  The sun streamed in through the large glass windows
and doors that covered one wall, brightly lighting the room.  A huge circular
fireplace surrounded by thick leather chairs and sofas dominated the sunken
center of the room.  A heavy wooden bar was at the far end of this room with
several stools in front about it.  Along the wall opposite the windows there
appeared to some sort of small stage backed by mirrors that curved around the
back of this stage that had three chrome posts that ran down from the ceiling.

	"You'll be spending a lot of time in here helping to keep the guests
entertained.  This is the central meeting point of Francesco's cabin so for the
most part everyone hangs out and eats here.  However during the day when the
weather is good you'll find most everyone out by the pool, beach or dock which
means that you had better be out there also." Veronica instructed.

	She then tugged on my leash to follow her out of the cabin.  The idea of
going outside practically naked made me nervous as I worried that someone might
see me in this condition. I felt even more self-conscious with my two intruders
making their presence known with every step that I took.  When we reached the
door I hesitated and looked outside to make sure there was no one outside that
might see me. This was a big mistake as Veronica then proceeded to use her crop
on my ass like never before.  After the first couple of strokes I quickly
scurried outside; however she just followed me and administered five or six more
that renewed the painful burning.  She scolded me explaining how she had been
very lenient with me up until now but my attitude really needed to be changed. 
She then pulled on my leash so hard that I almost lost my balance and fell to my
knees, but I managed to stumble forward and stay upright.  She then showed me
the pool, which was a huge kidney shape, surrounded by a cedar deck covered with
deck chairs and lounges.  A path led down towards the lake and beach with a dock
to one side where a couple of boats and a plane were moored.  The rest of the
grounds were very well kept and sculpted.  Outside the cabin area felt like a
manicured oasis in the middle of an untamed wilderness.  I thought under
different circumstances this would be the perfect place to go for a relaxing
vacation.  Veronica told me that was all I needed to see for now and led me back
into the cabin and back down to my cell.

	Once inside I noticed a television had been moved into my cell and a
stool placed in front of it. I was brought over to the stool and told to sit
facing the television.  Veronica then fastened my ankle straps to the rear legs
of the stool that forced my legs to spread open.   My wrists were then pulled
down and were chained to a rung behind me forcing my back to arch slightly
ensuring my body sat up straight.  This made me very aware of my intruders as my
weight was now centered over my crotch forcing them a little deeper into my
pussy and ass.  Just then Veronica was kind enough to have them spring back to
life causing them to dance inside me once again.  I don't know what force was
overcoming me but I found that I was beginning to enjoy my treatment at the
hands of Veronica.  I found these experiences to be strongly exotic and these
intensely erotic scenarios were making me feel much more horny as time past.  I
found that I now began to look forward to the next month of being used as a slut
and sex slave.

	Veronica walked over to the closet and returned with a couple more
surprises for me.  The first was a very tall collar that she fastened around my
neck.  Made from stiff leather it extended up the sides and back of my head. 
With its chin rest this collar completely immobilized my head so all I could do
was look straight at the television.  Stepping in front of me she held a set of
nipple clamps I recognized from the night before at the club.  Veronica reached
down and pinched then pulled at my hardened nipples before attaching them to my
sensitive nipples.  They didn't seem as painful as she allowed the clamps to
squeeze my engorged nipples.  The pain that shot through my breasts quickly
subsided to a dull sensuous pressure that served to increase my already
heightened sexual desire.  I now felt the juices from my pussy begin to pool on
the stool beneath me.  She then hooked the chain that connected the two clamps
to a clasp on the front of the collar before she pulled it tight which added to
the pressure on my nipples causing me to draw a deep breath.

	"Well, I'm going leave you here to watch a little movie which I think
you will enjoy."  She whispered into my ear as the screen before me flashed to a
bright blue.  "And to ensure that you have the very best time I've decided to
turn up your two little friends to maximum.  Bruno will be in to release you
after the movie and probably have a little fun with you, so enjoy."

  	Her heels clicked on the stone floor as she left the cell while my
intruders slowly began to increase their vibrations causing waves of ecstasy to
begin to flow through my body.  Just as the cell door clanged shut the screen on
the television jumped to life and there I was Francesco's big cock being shoved
into my greedy mouth.  Then after he was finished the screen cut to me getting
cock after cock jammed into my hungry mouth as I eagerly sucked and gobbled for
all I was worth.  Cum seemed to be everywhere as it was shot down my throat, in
my face and on to my exposed breasts.  Not only did I look like the biggest slut
in the world, I acted just like that slut.  I soon realized that they had taped
the entire evening of me being thoroughly gangbanged tied down to the table in
the club.  I couldn't take my eyes off the screen as orgasm after orgasm rocked
my body.  The 'movie' ended with me in the van being fucked up the ass by
Francesco while my face was buried in Veronica's pussy.  I sat there on the
stool in complete sexual euphoria silence as orgasm and orgasm swept over my
mind and body.  By the time I heard the cell door unlock and heavy footstep
approached me I felt myself sinking it a world of sexual addiction and total
submission.

	"Did you enjoy your movie, you little slut?"  I heard from behind me as
Bruno began to remove my posture collar and reattached the chain of my nipple
clamps to my other collar.  He now came around to stand in front of me. 
"Watching your movie sure got me horny, how about you?  I bet a little fucking
cum slut like you can never get enough cock stuffed into all her holes.  You're
the one responsible for me being this horny so I think it only fair that you be
the slut to give me my relief."  He said as he let his pants drop to the floor
before kicking them to the side.  He towered over me with his already swollen
cock slapping against my face.  Pulling my head back by the hair, Bruno grabbed
his large engorged cock with the other hand and pressed its head against my
waiting mouth.  "Ok slut, show me just how good of a cocksucker you are.  That's
it slut, suck on your treat."

	Bruno didn't waste any his time as he forced his cock to the back of my
mouth and began to work it into my throat.  Suppressing my gag reflex I was soon
able to relax my throat enough to accommodate his girth.  Every time he thrust
his cock to the back of my mouth my head would jerk backwards, pulling on the
chain connected to my nipple clamps, resulting in a sharp pain coursing through
my breasts.  This treatment, along with the constant buzzing of my intruders
soon had another orgasm building within me.  Just as I reached my peak I felt
his muscles tense before he pumped my mouth full of his cum, sending it shooting
down my throat.  Once finished filling me with his semen he nonchalantly pulled
out of my mouth and wiped the remnants from his cock on to my face.  Bruno
removed my nipple clamps and I felt another intense burn as the blood rushed
back into my abused nipples.  He unhooked my restraints, leaving my wrists well
secured behind my back, before pulling me up from the stool, by my arm, and
roughly pushed me over towards the bed.  He stopped me short of the side of the
bed and used his feet to push my legs wide before re-attaching the spreader bar. 
Once he had the bar attached, he pushed me down to my knees as my thighs pressed
up against the side of the bed.  I felt his large hand on my back between my
shoulder blades just as he forced me to bend over across the mattress of the
bed.

	I lay there with my face pushed sideways into the mattress as I felt
Bruno straddle my hips and bend down to grab my hair at the back of my head. 
When he pulled my head back I could see the penis gag he held in the mirror on
the wall.  Reaching around, he pushed the rubber phallus into my gapping mouth
until it reached to the back of my mouth just short of entering my throat. 
Tears began to flow from my eyes as I fought my desire to gag.  My attempts at
protests just came out as muffled gurgles, the thick rubber cock pressing my
tongue down to the bottom of my mouth.  Bruno now tightly strapped the gag
around my head and let it drop back down onto the mattress as I felt his
hardening cock poke into my back.  He stepped back and allowed to lay prone at
the side of the bed for a few moments.  Then I felt him unhook my wrist cuffs
only to have them reattached to two d-rings on each side of my harness.

	Bruno knelt down between my legs as I looked up to try to see what was
coming next in the mirror.  He slowly opened the zipper on the strap that ran
between my legs, holding the two intruders in my ass and pussy.  Once open I
felt his hand take hold of the artificial cock stuffing my pussy and slowly
begin to pull it out causing me to moan with pleasure as my pussy began to
tingle once again.  He threw the dildo onto the bed beside my head and saw it
glistening brightly with my musky juices.  Lustful anticipation began to
overcome me as I longed to feel my pussy filled, once again, with a real cock
and feel it veiny shaft pound into my sensitive vagina.  He had other ideas as
he torturously began to tease my pussy by running its length between my nether
lips allowing its head to brush over my engorged clit.  I found myself moaning
over the cock stuffing my mouth as my tongue tried to play along its veiny
shaft.

	After several minutes of this sensuous torture, I felt the head of his
rock hard cock pushing at the soppy opening of my canal.  Waves of ecstasy
washed over my body as my mind filled with unbridled lust.  Bruno slowly pushed
his shaft into me as I tried to help impale myself on his cock.  Once buried to
the hilt he slowly withdrew until only the head remained and continued this
motion, his ball sac teasingly bumping against my clit, for several more
minutes.  I then felt him hook two finger under the base of my butt plug and
felt it begin to pull out of my ass.  The whole time he pulled he kept up the
slowly pace of fucking my pussy.  My moans now turned to muffled grunts that
resonated in my ears as the thickest part of the flared butt plug spread my
sphincter muscle wide.  Once he had the plug half the way out of my ass he held
it against his body began to fuck my pussy harder while alternately pushing the
butt plug back into my ass.  My sphincter muscle soon began to relax,
accommodating the thick plug, as I felt my orgasm begin to build to climax.

	Bruno must have sensed my impending climax as he pulled both his cock
and the butt plug out of me in one swift motion.  Suddenly he positioned the
head of his cock against my now dilated asshole and easily entered my
well-lubricated ass.  He pushed his cock all the way, until I felt his balls as
they slapped against my clit then slowly pulled out until just the head of his
cock remained inside me.  He repeated these strokes several more times, each
time pushing a muffled grunt out of me.  My grunts soon turned to moans of
pleasure as he grabbed hold of my ass cheeks to spread them wide apart.  His
thrust became more forceful as my orgasm began to build again.  Bruno was now
pulling me back against him as he impaled my ass onto his engorged cock, as I
surrendered pushing back to help him.  Our rutting kept up, as the speed and
force increased, for what seemed like hours.  My body shuddered as one orgasm
after another exploded through my being.  Suddenly as my sphincter muscle
clamped down around his veiny, expanding shaft he jerked violently, sending
streams of hot cum into my stuffed ass.  Bruno withdrew his still pulsating cock
out of my ass to jerk the last spurts of cum onto my back and ass cheeks while
grunting through heavy breaths.

	Bruno stood up and made his way over to the sink to clean himself off
and retrieve his pants leaving me slumped over the bed.  I lay there, still
prone, drenched in sweat desperately trying to get enough air into my lungs nose
while fighting off unconsciousness.  Once straightened up he returned to my
still heaving body and gave me a slap across each of my ass cheeks, bring me
back to reality.  He bent down next to head and whispered maliciously into my
ear.

	"You had better get some rest as you only have a few hours before
Veronica returns to get you ready for tonight.  You already wasted forty-five
minutes with your slutty desires.  I'll leave you now before you're tempted to
try and seduce me again."  He finished as he laughed leaving my cell.

	He left me there with my hands locked to the sides of my harness, the
spreader bar attached to my ankles and the penis gag strapped firm to my head. 
As I calmed down, I realized how much I needed to get some rest if I was to
survive whatever Veronica had in store for me tonight.  There was no way I was
going to be able to rest, let alone sleep, if I stayed in this position that
Bruno left me.  Using my shoulders and knees I was able to inch my legs away
from the bed before pulling myself to a kneeing position with my ass resting on
my heels.  I was then able bring my body upright and managed to turn my back to
the bed by teetering back and forth on my knees.  I then allowed myself to fall
back onto the bed and used my legs to push myself until my ass was past the
edge.  Raising my legs up high I started to shuffle my shoulders, back and ass
until I accomplished getting my legs and feet over the bed as well.  By now I
was drenched in sweat, breathing heavily on the brink of exhaustion and slumped
down into the mattress.  The cool air of the cell gently brushed over my body
causing a chill over my entire length.  With no way of covering myself against
the chill I simply closed my eyes hoping my exhaustion would soon overcome me
and allow me to sleep. 




TARA'S ADVENTURES
CHAPTER 3
THE STAG
By Tara


	It seemed as though I had just closed my eyes when I felt the sting on
my breasts causing my eyes to jerk open and a muffled shriek to resonate in my
ears.  My brain was groggy as my head throbbed with a dull insistent.  I
panicked, as my eyes seemed covered with a wispy web until they focused,
somewhat, on Veronica standing over me holding her crop hovering above me. 
Instinctively, I tried to push myself upright but my bound hands quickly
reminded of how Bruno had left me.

	"Was the slut trying to get some sleep after taking advantage of Bruno's
good nature?"  Veronica seemed to bellow past her crooked smirk.  She's accusing
me of taking advantage of Bruno.  Who was she trying to kid?  Am I to be blamed
for everything?  "I hope you're well rested for your little adventure tonight." 
She continued mockingly.  "I guess I will have to release your restraints so you
can get ready for your duties tonight.  It's such a shame as you always look so
inviting all bound up ready to be used."

	Veronica hooked her crop the belt around her waist before releasing my
ankles from the spreader bar.  She then unlocked my wrists from the sides of my
harness before helping me to my unsteady feet, my head still groggy, to stand
next to the bed.  Veronica then re-locked my wrists behind my back before
administering several more blows from her crop against my bare ass cheeks,
causing the burning sting to return.  Will that thing ever wear out?  She then
used it to guide me over towards the table where a chair sat next to it.  She
grabbed my shoulder stopping me just short of the chair and pushed me down to my
knees once again.  Sitting down in the chair Veronica held her legs spread
exposing the small patch of material that covered her pussy.  I have no idea
what has become of that upperly mobile, determined executive but I found myself
staring at her inviting pussy as my body flushed with sexual desire.  She used
her crop under my chin, once again, to lift my head up so I could look into her
eyes as she spoke.

	"We're going for a little boat trip tonight and it's important that you
look your best."  Veronica instructed.  "First you will be given something to
eat to ensure you have the energy for your performance tonight.  You will be
given half an hour to finish everything brought for you and I mean everything. 
I will then return to get you ready for tonight.  Right now that is all you need
to know and nothing further, I will tell you more when I'm ready.  Don't bother
wasting my time trying to guess just concentrate on following your orders and
being the perfect slut that I know you to be."  Veronica stood up from the chair
and began to release the rest of my restraint, as well as the gag, while she
continued with her instructions.  "I would be on my best behavior tonight and
not disappoint, if I was you, as you have already earned yourself some
punishment time.  Any more indiscretions on your part will only add to it length
and severity.  Now hurry and finish your dinner before I return."  She concluded
as Francesco walked through the door carrying a tray.

	She silently walked past Francesco as he placed the tray on the table
and turned to follow her out.  The tray was filled with delicious offering that
were obviously picked for their high caloric value.  Accompanying the gourmet
fair was also an expensive vintage bottle of wine, which I assumed was probably
laced with whatever drug they had been using on me to enhance my sexual
appetite.  Quench one appetite and feed the other.  I considered simply pouring
the wine down the drink but realized that they were probably keeping an eye on
me and administer it another way before punishing me for my 'indiscretion'.  The
meal was just as fabulous as the previous one and I ate it hardily as I soon
discovered how famished I had become.  After taking a first tentative sip of the
wine and not tasting any unpleasantness, I tried to convince myself that it
could not have been drugged.

	I was barely finished my meal and the wine when Veronica returned with
Francesco.  After Veronica inspected the tray and was satisfied that I had
finished everything Francesco removed it and left the cell.  He returned almost
immediately carrying a garment bag and small case placing them on the table
before moving over towards the locked cabinets.  Bruno entered the cell carrying
what looked like a short, high sawhorse with a padded crossbeam that he placed
near the shower and toilet.  He turned and left the cell.  Veronica grabbed my
arm, lifting me out of the chair, and pulled me over to stand facing the
sawhorse as Francesco brought over two sets on manacle from the cabinets.  They
worked quickly and silently bending me over the crossbeam and shackling my
wrists and ankles to the four legs of the sawhorse leaving me almost doubled
over the sawhorse.  They worked as though they had rehearsed this procedure a
thousand times over.

	"We need to ensure that you are completely clean," Veronica said almost
reassuringly, "both inside and out.  I am sure that you will be thrilled and
excited by you're the new sensations you are about to experience.  However I
would encourage you to remain quiet as any hint at objection will only result in
addition punishment and reinforcement."

	With that said, I watched, through my spread legs, as two long thin
plugs were inserted into my pussy and ass.  These plugs were attached to tubes
that ran up and above me to something that I could only guess.  I didn't have to
wait long to find out the purpose of the plugs as I felt warm liquids begin to
fill my cavities.  I soon felt my abdomen begin to bloat uncomfortably and tried
to reposition my legs to take the pressure off from the crossbeam.  I found
myself having to stand on my tiptoes in order to help relieve at least some of
the pressure but could not relieve the ensuing cramping.  Once the liquid
stopped flowing Veronica warned me to keep my muscles clenched or further
punishment would be added to my already growing total.  I found myself biting my
lower lip as my face contorted with strain as I fought my natural instinct to
expel the offending plugs holding the liquids within me.

	Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, I was released from my
restraints and allowed to gingerly walk over to the toilet and remove the plug. 
I barely had a chance to get the plugs out and my hands out of the way before
the liquid exploded out of my pussy and ass obscenely splashing into the toilet
bowl.  No sooner had I wiped myself and washed my hands than they had me bent
over the sawhorse and shackled to it again.  They repeated this procedure on my
ass and pussy only this time with a cold liquid that caused me to shiver from
deep inside.  I was left bent over again to let the liquid work before they
released me to empty out over the toilet.  I sat, completely humiliated, for a
few moments silently sobbing as my ass and pussy dripped the remaining liquid
out of my holes.  Veronica then lightly slapped my legs with her crop and told
me to get into the shower to clean myself thoroughly with the soap supplied. 
Veronica ensured that the water was hot but not burning before I stepped inside. 
After washing my hair with the rich, fragrant shampoo, I grabbed the bar of dark
soap.  The rough feel and medicinal smell made me think more of doctors getting
ready for surgery than the average person getting ready for a romantic
encounter.  The bar rubbed my skin much as any exfoliate but its suds painfully
stung my more sensitive areas until washed away leaving only a slight burning
tingle.  Once out of the shower Veronica offered me a thick towel to dry off.

	Once toweled off Veronica smoothed a body lotion, with a very exotic
fragrance, over my entire body while lingering on my breasts, pussy mound and
ass.  By the time she was finished, I felt that now familiar erotic tingle
throughout my body as my heart began to flutter with desire and my mind filled
with thoughts of sexual encounters.  Was this a result of the alcohol or a drug
in the wine?  Veronica simply pointed towards the vanity and ordered me to apply
my make-up properly then to get dressed in the clothes supplied in the garment
bag and case.  She gave me forty-five minutes to be ready or have further
punishment added before Francesco and she left the cell.  I sat down at the
vanity to begin just as the cell door closed with a heavy metal clang.

	I applied my make-up in a thick layer ensuring I made myself look as
slutty as possible knowing she would accept nothing less.  I then retrieved the
garment bag and case from the table and laid them down on the bed and got down
to dressing while I watching yet another transformation in the full-length
mirrors against the wall.  After I finished dressing and had everything smoothed
down I took one look in the mirrors and I knew.  Veronica could not say that I
didn't look like enough of a slut tonight.  The halter-topped dress was silver
with a metallic sheen and formed tightly to my body like a second skin.  It
formed down over my breasts holding them tight and squeezed together as it
exposing quite a bit at the sides.  The thin material was so tight around my
breasts it created a cleavage line between them and formed seductively around my
large nipples, as they grew more erect.  The very thin, stretched material
showed off every nuance, crevasse and curve of my well-toned body.  The back was
open to just above the top of the cleft of my butt cheeks plunging deeply into
my ass cleavage.

	This dress was shorter the one I had worn last night.  Was that only
last night?  Only 24 hours ago, I was in my office in excited anticipation of
beginning vacation.  Here I am feeling separated from that time by months, not
hours.  The lace tops of my stockings showed just below the hemline.  The
stockings were black and very sheer with silver speckling that made them look
like as though an electrical charge was running when light shone on them.  Their
lacy tops tickled at my pussy lips as they ran to the very tops of my thighs. 
My pussy mound was barely covered by the flimsiest of g-strings, its thin, tight
fabric splitting my pussy lips, rubbing teasingly against my sensitive clit. 
The metallic silver, opened toed sandals had heels higher than I had ever worn
in my life and nearly requiring me to walk on my tiptoes despite their one-inch
platforms.  They were held, securely to my feet by three 1/2-inch straps as
one-inch wide straps wound snug around my ankles with a heel strap forming over
the back my heel.

	I stood in front of the mirror mesmerized by my transformation as I
began to feel another warm flush wash over my body as my pussy began to moisten. 
I definitely looked, and felt, like the slut that Veronica wanted.  From the
'Just Fucked' hair, 'Looking for cock' outfit, the 'Fuck Me' shoes and the 'I'm
a slut' make-up job.  I dared not sit for fear of disturbing something and
bringing on Veronica's wrath adding to the punishment she thought I deserved.  I
decided to pass my remaining time admiring my latest transformation in the
mirror while practicing walking in my extremely tall heels.  My sexual arousal
began to increase as I watched myself, in the mirrors, move around my cell
wearing at my slutty best.  It took me some time to get use to walking in the
heels but once I did, I loved the way they made my firm, shapely legs look long
and supple.  They required me to stand straight, with my back slightly arched,
pushing my breasts outward and keeping my butt firm.  The snug ankle straps held
my heels securely against the heel strap while the platforms provided great
cushioning for the balls of my feet making them surprisingly comfortable.

  The entire feel of moving around in this outfit made me want to reach down
between my legs to rub my clit until I gave myself the orgasm that was only
moments away.  I couldn't take that chance knowing it would bring Veronica's
wrath if discovered.  I was glad I exercised discretion seeing Veronica walk
through the door, followed closely by Francesco.  She now wore a long black
dress that extended down to just above her ankles.  It had a shiny leather look
but it flowed like satin as she walked.  It clung tightly to her toned body
accentuating every curve.  The sides were slit from the hem, up each side,
exposing her legs to just below her waist.  Around her waist, a wide chrome
studded leather belt cinched it tightly accentuating her sensual hourglass
figure.  The front of the dress was opened down past her belly button barely
covering her heavy breasts with the sheer fabric.  As she walked towards me, I
could see the over-the-knee black patent leather boots with heels and platforms
matching mine in height.  Her hands and arms were covered with tight fitting
gloves, made of the same material, reaching up to just below her shoulders.  I
couldn't believe my eyes when I saw her now jet-black hair as it glistened in
the dim lights while her make-up had a very dark, gothic look giving her the air
of a very serious dominatrix.  Catching a glimpse of the two of us together in
the mirror started my mind swimming in pool of sexual desire and fantasy.
  
	Veronica circled around me a few times, the whole time tapping her crop
in her palm, making me envision a vulture surveying its prey.  She ran a
leather-clad hand over my body, caressing and teasing, while lightly tapping me
with the tongue of her crop.  She me effectively distracted me while Francesco
locked wrist and ankle cuffs on to me before locking a collar tightly around my
neck.  Looking down I noticed small chains running under the shoe's soles
effectively locking the shoes to my feet.  Veronica used her crop to lift my
chin before attaching a chain to a ring on the front of my collar.  Looking back
into the mirror, I could see narrow metal band attached to the front of the
collar engraved with 'TARA' in bold red lettering.

	"I know you haven't quite earned this yet, but I thought it would be a
nice touch for tonight."  Veronica told me.  "So when we return I'll be taking
it away until you can prove to me that you deserve the honour of wearing it."
  
	Until I deserve the honour?  What the hell does she mean?  Of course, I
deserve the honour!  What with everything that she has put me through, I think I
more than deserved my trophy.  What am I thinking?  I'm upset because she won't
me keep a collar locked around my neck?  I can't believe it but I truly am. 
I'll just have to prove it to her.  I'm too competitive not to win my prize. 
She'll let me keep it; I'll show her.
  
	Veronica grabbed hold of my leash, as Francesco locked my wrists behind
me, and gave it a jerk to get me moving to lead me out of my cell.  We moved
quickly up from the cellar and out of the cabin heading straight to the docking
area where Bruno waited next to a rather large powerboat.  It must have been
early evening as there was still quite a bit of light with the shadows growing
long across the lake.  Bruno picked up Veronica and carried her into the boat as
Francesco picked me up and did the same.  I would have hated to see what would
have happened if I was to try to climb into this boat with wrists locked while
wearing these heels.  I would probably just tumble in and break my neck.

	Francesco put me down on the middle seat of the rear deck releasing my
wrists.  Short lived was my freedom as wrist and ankle cuffs were locked to
chains connected to rings on the deck, limiting my movement.  The mooring lines
were removed and Bruno began to race off across the lake.  Veronica came up from
the cabin at the front of the boat carrying three glasses in one hand, a rather
large bottle of champagne in the other.  She handed a glass to both Francesco
and me.  After filling each of the glasses, she raised hers in a toast to wish
all a very exciting and successful evening.  As she brought her glass to her
lips, she flashed her evil little smile towards me followed by a stern glare. 
Veronica kept the champagne flowing to me as she told me what would be expected
of me that night.
  
	"Tonight we'll be taking you to the cabin of one of Francesco's closest
friends, which also happens to be his closest neighbor."  Veronica said
beginning her instructions.  "He is holding a stag for one of his friends who
will be getting married shortly and he required an exotic dancer.  Finding a
real exotic dancer willing to come up here is impossible so Francesco was nice
enough to volunteer your services and charms for the evening's festivities.  You
had better not embarrass Francesco tonight and make him look bad in front of his
good friend and his guests.  If I hear even the slightest of complaints or
dissatisfaction with you tonight, you will be introduced to a new 'friend' later
back at Francesco's cabin.  So it is to your advantage not to disappoint me or
anyone else."

	Veronica, reaching behind her seat, pulled out a black leather flogger. 
She ran its many long leather straps up and between my legs before caressing my
sensitive breasts and stiffened nipples with them.  My body began to tremble as
butterflies invaded my stomach from the fear of the pain she would inflict on me
with this menacing flogger.  Having never been to a strip club, I had no idea
how to be an 'exotic dancer'.  The only idea I had what to do came from the odd
TV show or movie that showed quick clips of strippers on stage.  I wasn't too
worried about satisfying the men, satisfying Veronica was what worried me the
most.

	"After watching you out on the dance floor when we've been out together
I know you can shake it."  Veronica continued.  "Now all you have to do is take
your clothes off at the same time while showing off your erotic side.  What
could be easier?  You'll find out about the rest of your evening when the time
comes.  Now sit there quietly, enjoy your champagne and the boat ride."

	Not having much choice in the matter and followed her orders.  The boat
ride was pleasant as the air was still warm as it flowed over my body and
through my hair.  The warm glow from the setting sun and refreshing feel of the
chilled champagne helped to add to the tranquil atmosphere.  It was obvious how
well Bruno knew the waterway by the break neck speed despite he drove the boat
through the diminishing light.  The far shore of the long lake began to close
quickly with Bruno not showing any sign of slowing.  Suddenly the mouth of a
small river opened before the boat and Bruno steer straight into it, maintaining
his speed.  The boat quickly moved back and forth several times as we sped down
this river.  Each time I could see the dangerous sandbars off to each the side
but Bruno wouldn't slow down at all.  The river soon opened up to another
smaller lake and it seemed as though we had slowed.  Once again, the boat headed
straight across this lake to the far side.

	We must have been traveling for about an hour by the time Bruno finally
slowed the boat.  Lights began to flicker in front of us as a dock came into
view.  Bruno maneuvered the boat next to the dock and Francesco jumped out to
tie off the mooring lines.  Veronica released my cuffs from the boat's chains
and reattached the leash to my collar allowing it to dangle between my breasts
and lightly brush against my pussy mound.  Bruno helped to steady us, in our
high heels, as the boat slowly rocked from our movements.  Francesco joined
Bruno to assist us both out of the boat.  They held our arms as we made our way
down the unsteady dock to firmer ground.

	Veronica stopped me to allow the two men to continue, without us, up to
a cabin perched at the top of a steep hill.  She circled me several times making
sure my outfit was straight and fitted properly.  Pulling that spray bottle out
from behind the belt wrapped around her waist she reached out for one of my
nipples.  I stopped her, grabbing the bottle out of her hand and sprayed its
elixir into my mouth, inhaling deeply.  I repeated this a second and then a
third time just for good measure before handing it back to her.  Its erotic
intoxication immediately began to affect my mind as a wave of warmth washed over
my body causing my pussy to tingle.  The breeze off the lake teased at my
extremely hard and erect nipples through the thin fabric of my dress.  Veronica
took the bottle from my hand, replacing it in her belt, before stepping behind
me to lock my wrists together.

	"You are learning very quickly how to be a proper slut and sex slave." 
She praised mockingly as she came out in front of me again.  "It won't be long
before we won't need to use the spray.  Your punishments should do just fine. 
These nipple nooses will ensure your nipples remain erect and extremely
sensitive to even the most minor of manipulations.  Keep up this proper behavior
and you'll earn that collar in no time.  Now let's get our slut up to the cabin
and not keep every waiting."

	She now gave me a stinging stroke to my ass with her crop before taking
hold of the leash to pull me towards the steep steps leading up to the cabin. 
The suddenness of actions caught me off guard and I almost lost my balance.  A
quick little hop and a few short, shuffling steps later, I was able to keep off
my face and retrieve my balance.  The brightly lighted cabin seemed to loom
ominously in the distance as we ascended the steep uneven steps.  Bruno stood by
the entrance to the cabin, waiting patiently for our arrival, and held the door
open as we approached.  The sound of many excited voices escaped out into the
quiet wilderness as we stepped towards the entrance to the cabin.  Veronica led
me by the leash, my hands securely locked behind me, into room not much
different from the grand room in Francesco's cabin only somewhat smaller.  The
dozen, or so, men sat around the room jerked their heads around to face us as
soon we entered the room.

	It was obvious, judging by the smiles and salivating, that we had made a
good first impression.  The comments began as Veronica led me down the three
steps from the landing.  Though crude and lewd, I found that they increased my
sexual appetite as my body began to tingle with ever-increasing desire. 
Veronica held my leash high as she led me through the center of center of the
assembled men.  They all took great delight in making sure each of my ass cheeks
received a welcoming slap.  Veronica led me to the far end of this room where a
portable stage had been set-up.  This small stage rose about three feet above
the main floor area with three steps off to one side.  Veronica started up the
steps with me close behind and Francesco followed with another man behind him. 
Positioning me in the middle of the stage facing towards the assembled men, she
removed the leash from my collar.  She barked the command 'STAY!' at me,
punctuating it with a sting to my ass with her crop.  This definitely caught the
attention of my audience as they immediately began to scrabble, getting their
seats to get a good vantage point.  Veronica left me there moving to join
Francesco and the other man to the side of the stage area.  They all began to
talk in hushed whispers.  I couldn't make out their conversation as they kept
looking in my direction, smiling menacingly.  The other man finally broke from
their huddle to rejoin the rest of gathering as he turned two thumbs up to the
rest.

	Standing nervously at the center of the stage, I flushed with the tingle
of sexual excitement coursing through my mind and body.  Veronica slowly walked
over to stand behind me before running her hands over my body adjusting my
outfit as she went.  She reached around, cupping my breasts in her hands, and
pushed them up and together while pinching my nipples between her fingers.  I
closed my eyes as a low moan escaped from my lips and my body quivered in
anticipation.  The sound of hands clapping with raucous cheers filled the room
as I opened my eyes to the grinning face of the assembled audience.  I now felt
so hot I thought that I might burst into flame right there and then.  My nipples
were now so hard and erect that the slightest of movements would cause the thin
material of my dress to tickle and tease them.

	"Your show is about to begin," Veronica whispered seductively into my
ear while releasing my wrists, "So you had better get your mind set properly. 
I've already picked out the music that will enhance your performance.  You had
better make sure you perform for the guest of honour, giving him a good show and
treat him the way I know you can ensuring he enjoys you to the fullest.  You had
better understand what I mean."

	Francesco placed a chair at the back of the stage as two of the guest of
honour's friends escorted him to the stage.  They sat him down in the chair
before pulling his hands behind the chair and cuffing them to its back legs. 
Once they returned to the assembled audience, the room filled with music, its
heavy bass resounding off the walls.  The tempo of music started out slowly then
increased as the music progressed.  I closed my eyes to concentrate on the beat
and tempo of the music, allowing its reverberations to mingle with my sexually
intoxicated mind.  The primal beat of the music soon overtook me causing me to
instinctively dance in time to the music's heavy beat.  I seemed to have lost
conscious control of myself as my hands raised above my head and my whole body
began to sway and gyrate seductively to the rhythms of the beat.  At first, I
hadn't heard the catcalls; however, they soon served as encouragement to my
gyrations as I opened my eyes and saw a room full of lust-filled faces.  This
served to encourage me further as I became more brazen and sexually energized as
the music changed.

	This new tempo told me that it was time I turned my attention to the
guest of honour.  I moved around him like a cat stalking its next meal as I
caressed his body lightly with my fingertips before I came to stand directly in
front him.  Unhooking the halter straps of my dress, I slowly peeled the
clinging fabric away from my firm body to the rhythm of the music.  His eyes
widened as I exposed my firm breasts with their large stiff nipples standing
proud.  I pulled the thin fabric down exposing my flat stomach leaving it to
rest on my hips.  Turning to the anxious audience, I drew my ankles together as
I arched my back, thrusting my breast outward.  A lustful cheer rang through the
crowd as my firm rounded ass pushed invitingly towards the guest of honour. 
Hooking my thumbs into the sides of the dress I seductively slithered the dress
down over my hips and firm ass.  Craning my head around I watched the man on the
chair as I bent forward to pull the dress over my thighs and down my legs before
kicking it to the side.

	Again, the tempo of the music changed just as something streaked before
my eyes and I heard the crack of a whip.  I snapped my head around quickly just
in time to see Francesco pulling back on a long bullwhip before cracking it
inches from my body.  Realizing the meaning of this, I turned to face the guest
of honour and slithered seductively to him as he sat cuffed in the chair. 
Straddling his legs, I began rhythmically thrusting my pussy inches from his
face before slowly sinking into his lap.  Taking hold of his head in my hands, I
buried his face between my breasts while grinding my hot, pulsating pussy into
his crotch.  The hoots and hollers coming from behind only served to encourage
my sluttish behavior.  I could now feel his engorged cock straining against his
pants as it teased my desperate pussy.  Leaning in I gently teased his neck and
ears with my moist lips and tongue as my hot breath washed over him.  I could
hear and feel his equally hot breath begin to get heavier with a slight
quivering moan.  Lifting myself off his lap, I thrust my firm, naked ass out
towards the audience bending to unfasten his belt and pants before pulling them
down to his knees.  The audience now has an excellent view of both my ass and
moist pussy.

	His now freed cock jumps to attention slapping me on the chin before
lightly brushing my soft cheek with its veiny shaft.  Standing, I turn and
sensuously glide towards the front of the stage.  Bending over, I grab my ankles
spreading my legs wide to expose my tight, rounded ass and glistening pussy to
him.  I reach a hand up to stroke my pussy several times before I slipping two
fingers deep into my waiting hole.  I stroked them in and out of my pussy to the
beat of the music until my entire hand was coated in my juices.  I now take a
well-lubricated finger and slowly push it against my crinkled bud.  I push it
past my sphincter burying it up to the first knuckled then joining it with the
second.  Lowering my ass, I bury them right up to the knuckles on my hand and
start pumping up and down on them until I feel the beginning of an orgasm wash
over me.  Removing my fingers, I turn to face him and saw the look of pure lust
on his face.  Getting down on all fours, I slowly crawl over to his now fully
engorged cock, licking my lips like the sex-starved slut that I felt myself to
be.  Being in such an aroused state, I never noticed Veronica's approach until I
felt the sting of her crop across my ass cheeks.

	"Get on with it, you horny slut!"  She commanded.  "Crawl to your
reward.  These nice gentlemen deserve to and want to see just how much of a
nasty slut you really are."

	Reaching his lap, I looked up to see his bouncing cock just as it
slapped against my cheek once again.  Veronica's crop found my ass three more
times and I immediately encircled its purplish head with my lips.  Slowly I
lowered my mouth down its length while sucking it to the back of my mouth and
into my throat.  I had managed to deep-throat on several occasions before, but
never with the same ease as over the last day.  Veronica was now rubbing the
braided shaft of her crop between my pussy lips and up across my asshole,
allowing the leather tip to lightly caress my clit, which encouraged me to suck
harder and faster on the cock I held in my mouth.  Sensing he couldn't take much
more before going over the edge, I released him from my mouth as I stood up.

	Turning to face away from him, I straddled his legs my hands leaning on
my knees to support my weight.  Reaching between my legs, Veronica grabbed his
stiff cock placing it against my well-lubricated asshole.  Her other hand
gripped my shoulder as she pulled me down onto his cock's helmet.  The painful
pressure on my sphincter brought a guttural grunt from my throat as his cock
head pushed past my tight opening.  Once the cock's helmet slipped past my
tightest opening, imbedding into my ass, I felt my sphincter begin to relax as I
slowly sank down onto his rigid cock.  Suddenly I found myself completely
impaled onto his stiff shaft, sending wave after wave of unbridled lust to wash
of my mind.  The erotic feel of having my ass so thoroughly stuffed in front of
these strangers caused a massive orgasm to rock my whole body.  Just over a day
ago, I would never have considered having a cock up my ass, let alone enjoying
it.

	I now found myself starting to pump onto his engorged cock as the first
wave of orgasm began to subside.  I now relished the feeling of its swollen head
and veiny shaft as it pushed past my sphincter and over the walls of my anal
canal.  He was now meeting my down stroke with his own upward thrust, impaling
his cock deeper into my ass.  It wasn't long before I felt his body grow tense
giving one hard up thrust sending his steaming cum deep into my ass.  The
feeling of his cum filling me sent me over the edge once again causing my ass
muscles to contract around his erection, milking it of his gooey cream, until it
softened and popped out of my ass.  Turning I bent forward to give him one last
seductive kiss, thanking him, as the audience watched, mesmerized, as his cum
slowly leaked out from my ass.  The cheers and catcalls stopped as the music
wound down, turning to animated conversation as they all came to agreement that
I was the horniest slut they had seen.  'They could hardly wait to get hold of
the nasty skank'.

	Veronica grabbed me roughly by the elbow, pulling me off stage as two of
the men came up to release their spent friend.  Once off the stage she pushed me
towards a hallway giving me a few quick whacks with her crop.  The way she was
treating me, had I done something wrong?  Wasn't my performance good enough for
her?  She stopped me by the doorway of a washroom and pointed her crop towards
its interior, closing the door behind us.

	"Get cleaned up and be quick about it."  She commanded tossing a
washcloth and towel at me.  "Your night of entertainment is not over yet.  These
gentlemen are expecting to be entertained until two this morning.  We will be
leaving you in their capable hands until then and you had better perform up to
their expectations or you'll truly be sorry once I get you back to Francesco's
cabin.  You are going to go back out there and do whatever they ask of you
without complaint.  You had better make it memorable because I hear even the
smallest complaint I will deal with you most harshly.  Francesco has already
given them the rules of use and they all know better than to cross Francesco. 
You won't need the rest of your clothes for the rest of the evening so
straighten up your stocking, use the toilet, get yourself cleaned up and fix
your make-up.  They expect a clean skanky slut not some slimy two-bit hooker. 
You have fifteen minutes before I return.  Do you understand your instructions?"

	"Yes, Mistress V."  I found myself responding without hesitation as
Veronica turned and left me alone in the washroom.  I sat down on the toilet
emptying my bladder and letting the remainder of cum to drip out of my ass (the
earlier enema took care of the rest).  I cleaned myself up with the washcloth
and toweled off before pulling my stockings up making sure they were straight. 
Standing before the mirror, I touched-up my make-up refreshing it back to it
earlier sluttish look.  I was just finishing off applying the shimmering
lip-gloss as Veronica returned to the washroom.  She stood before me holding two
small loops of thin leather, each loop held together by a small bead. 
Connecting the two loops to one another was a thin silver chain.  I didn't have
to wait long to learn the purpose of these loops as she quickly wraps one, then
the other, over each of my nipples positioning them over the base.  Tightening
the small straps through the beads my rock hard nipples are squeezed tightly
ensuring their continued sensitivity.

	"It's now titty, titty, shaky, shaky time for you slut."  She said
mockingly with an evil little grin.  "Now get your skanky ass out there and do
me proud, or else."

	She hooked the leash to the front of my collar and dragged me out of the
washroom and into the main room to continue my sexual servitude.  Once I stepped
out into the room Veronica released her hold on my lease and stepped back to
deliver two quick strokes of her crop across my bare ass cheeks  The sound of
the crop slapping against me brought the attention of the men and they all
started to clap and holler beckoning me over to them.  I didn't know where to go
first so I just put on my slut strut and moved to the center of the room.  Once
I arrived in the center of the room, they immediately surrounded me and began to
grope and squeeze my breasts, pussy and ass.  I felt my arms pulled behind my
back and my wrists locked together.  Then a voice announced, "Sorry guys but the
host gets first crack at this slut".

	Another man yelled from the far end of the room to wait as he came
bounding over carrying an old wooden yoke.  He bent down in front of me and
began to attach the rings at either end to the ankle straps of my high-heeled
shoes forcing my legs to spread wide.  This brought excited cheers from the
other men while another man threw a rope over a beam above me.  He tied one end
of the rope to my cuffed hands before using the other end to pull my arms up
behind me.  This forced me to bend at the waist in order to take the pressure
off my shoulder joints until I was perpendicular to the floor.  They tied off
the other end of the rope leaving my pussy and ass exposed between my spread
legs and my head, conveniently, at crotch level.  Suddenly I felt a cool,
slippery liquid creeping down the crack of my ass and a finger begin to massage
it into my ass.  If I didn't know before, I knew now that I was in for a long,
hard night.  Pardon the pun.

	I didn't have long to wait as I felt the head of a stiff cock poking at
the entrance to my now sopping pussy.  A set of hands took firm hold of my hips
as the cock entered my pussy, its hard shaft slowly following up into me until I
felt a ball sac slap against my sensitive clit.  I closed my eyes releasing a
load moan as I felt my clit begin to grow hard.  Someone else took advantage of
this by grabbing the hair to pull my head back and pushing another hard cock
between my moistened lips.  The cock in my pussy began to slide in and out of my
hungry pussy causing me to suck the cock in my mouth towards my waiting throat. 
These two cocks got into a game of give and take with me rocking between while
being stuffed alternatively at both ends, teasing my clit with ball sac slapping
against it.  I couldn't believe how sexually charged I was feeling, the nastier
I was treated the hornier I became.  My eyes sprang open as the first of many
orgasms swept over me.

	Just then, I felt the cock in my mouth spasm, coating my tongue with its
sweet cum, as I struggled to swallow as fast as it filled my mouth.  While I
struggled against the feeling of drowning by the flood of cum in my mouth I
barely noticed the cock pulling out of my pussy until it pushed at the crinkled
bud of my asshole.  This cock wasted no time as it pushed into my slick ass
bringing a huge gasp to my mouth.  Another rock hard member pushed its way
towards my throat making me gag from surprise immediately stifled my gasp.  The
game of give and take renewed before the cock in my ass grew ever harder before
one final thrust spewed its hot cum into my bowels.  No sooner had it finished
filling me than a fresh and eager hard shaft replaced it.  Those waiting their
turn must have become bored as they took up playing with my breasts while
pulling at the chain connected to my nipple nooses causing me to jerk around
from the painful pressure.  The men taking me from behind decided it would be
fun to spank my ass cheeks, as they fucked, encouraging their filly to the
finish line.  Which I was now crossing repeatedly until it seemed like one
massive orgasm.

	I had no idea how long this erotic assault went on for but by the time
they decided to rest, gooey spunk covered me.  It was in my hair, running down
my face, coating my back and ass cheeks and seeping out of my three holes.  The
bastards didn't even bother to release me from bondage but choose to sit back
with their refreshments commenting on 'how skanky I looked'.  Given time to
ponder my current predicament, I realized how uncomfortable my position was. 
Suddenly I felt a warm tongue running up the crack of my ass, scooping up the
coating of cum, as the men began to hoot and holler.  As the tongue made its way
up my back, sending a chill with it, a hand reached for my well-used pussy.  I
peered down beneath me to see Veronica's boots through the slit of her dress.  I
felt a hand grab my hair, my head raised, as Veronica stepped in front of me.

	"Well, slut, it's time for your next performance," Veronica informed
with a giggle, "and this time you'll be co-starring with me, so you better be
good."  She turned towards the men in the room as I felt my arms release. 
"Gentlemen may I have your attention," She bellowed, "We have a little treat for
you tonight, a special performance.  This sex-hungry slut slave wants to perform
a sexually charged lesbian interlude with me for your entertainment.  After much
begging on her part, I decided to relent in order to give you a special treat. 
So please take your seats and remain off stage during the performance."

	By now, my restraints released, I was up on stage waiting for Veronica
to join me.  She confidently strode over to me before grabbing a hand full of
hair pressing her lips sensuously to mine.  I found myself melting into her
passionate embrace as our bodies pressed together.  My mind began to swim in
lustful desire as her soft, gentle touch contrasted with the aggressive rutting
I had just experienced.  We slowly and sensually explore each other's bodies,
softly running our hands over the other's breasts and teasing the nipples
between our fingers.  I was feeling Veronica through the silkiness of her dress,
feeling how soft, yet toned she felt to my fingers as they glide down over her
rounded buttock to the back of her legs.  I then circle my hands around to her
firm thighs, continuing until I feel her pussy mould through the silky fabric. 
Her hot breath deepens, as does my own.  I find myself floating in a sea of
erotic desire.

	Veronica and I have ended up in having sex together, several times,
after some of our little games.  Oh my god!  These games always end up with
Veronica binding and dominating me.  My mind began to reel in confusion.  Did
Veronica set me up or simply realize my true nature?  I have always been
independent and strong willed yet I have not truly objected to my treatment over
the last 24-hours.  Others have been using me for their deviant sexual
satisfaction in ways I would never have ever agreed to before while having the
most intense orgasm that I have ever experienced.  I was so confused and
conflicted but all I knew was how my intense sexual lust was guiding my desire
for orgasmic satisfaction.  I no longer thought of what I was doing as being
wrong or deviant, only that I needed it to satisfy my desires.

	My mind began to fog with lust as the excitement of the moment was
causing my desire to increase tenfold.  My hands instinctively began to remove
Veronica's dress as I seductively caressed her bare flesh, sliding the fabric
down her supple curves.  My knees began to weaken as I felt my pussy tingled
with expectation of what was to come.  Veronica gently pushed me down to my
knees before straddling my head to push her bare pussy to my mouth.  The musky
smell of her glistening pussy heightened my wanton sexual desire even further as
she pressed harder onto my mouth, my tongue instinctually snaked up her canal. 
She began thrusting her hips back and forth rubbing her now swollen clit against
my eager lips.  She held my head tightly as she moaned lightly, thrusting her
hips against my sucking mouth and probing tongue.

	I soon felt myself pushed backwards towards the floor, Veronica's pussy
staying well planted against my mouth.  Once I was flat on the stage, Veronica
stood to turn before lowering her pussy back to my waiting mouth once again. 
She now reached forward to grab hold of my spread knees pulling my legs up,
hooking them under her arms to raise my butt off the stage and bring my pussy to
her mouth.  My pussy and asshole were now quite open and exposed for her to use. 
I felt her bend forward, as her pussy ground into mouth, before sucking on my
own swollen clit, licking my pussy and sticking her long tongue up my eager
canal.  I was in heaven.  I felt like my entire world revolved around my pussy
and the one attached to my mouth covering my face with its juices.  Suddenly I
felt a finger push into my asshole causing another orgasm to explode through my
body.  I decided to return the favour and inserted one, then two, of my fingers
in her asshole feeling her body tense and shake before my mouth was flooded with
her sweet nectar.  She inserted a second finger to join the first and we both
started to thrust our finger in and out of each other's assholes while
frantically licking and sucking each other's pussy, as though possessed.  Orgasm
after orgasm shook through our bodies for what seemed like forever before we
both collapsed against one another.

	The cheers, whistling, catcalls and clapping brought me back to reality. 
My only hope is that they don't expect an encore anytime soon as I felt
exhaustion fill my tortured body.  Veronica stood up over me as she grabbed her
crop to slap it against my prone body.  I tried to roll away from her assault
only to receive a reward of several stinging blows to my ass and thighs.  I
jumped to my feet hoping to escape the assault only to stumble in my heels and
nearly fall from the stage.  Once regaining my balance, I felt the sting of
Veronica's crop as the assembled crowd only served to encourage her.  She
scolded me as a headmistress would scold one of her charges, using her crop on
my poor defenseless ass until I was off the stage.  She told me to get to the
washroom to clean up and make myself presentable again so I could finish my
duties.

	Most of the rest of the night progressed pretty much the same as before
with me getting my mouth stuffed with cock, pussy fucked and asshole reamed as I
became covered in gooey cum.  As the night wore on, fatigue and alcohol took
their toll on the men as they started to fall into varying states of
consciousness.  I was now spending more time trying to encourage one man or the
other than having cock stuffing me or spraying with cum.  Those that could keep
their eyes opened would squeeze my breasts, pinch my nipples or grab at my ass
and pussy.  My lust and sexual desire was starting wane as the promise of sexual
use quickly disappeared.  Fear began to overcome me as I felt my mind drifting
towards thoughts of Veronica's dissatisfaction with my inability to keep these
men interested.  Having a chance to rest also gave my body a chance to begin to
complain as the use and abuse began to make itself known.  Fatigue began to take
over, my body going through the motions and my eyes glazing over.  Then with a
crack of her crop across my sore, abused ass, Veronica brought me back to
reality pushing me to the floor and inserting its bulbous handle into my ass. 
Pulling back on my hair, she pushed the handle deeper and deeper into my ass
until I let out a squeal from the painful pressure.  This served only to stir
some of the men in their varied states of consciousness and bring on more of
Veronica's wrath.

	"I leave you alone for a few moments and this is the thanks I receive,
you fucking stupid slut?"  Veronica screams in my ear.  The anger in her voice
continues.  "You have greatly disappointed me with this lackadaisical behavior
and now you are going to making me punish you when we get back.  I guess we had
better get out of here, before these men start complaining about your useless
performance and embarrass Francesco.  If you make me wait any longer or do
anything else to piss me off as I will literally whip your skanky ass off. 
Don't make me wait, I'm in a hurry to get back and punish your skanky ass for
disappointing me tonight."

	I quickly scurried off the stage from fear of making Veronica even
angrier as I still didn't know what forms of pain she was capable of inflicting. 
Once I got off the stage she attached the lease to my collar and Francesco
latched my hands behind my back.  Veronica then tugged me over to a couch at the
back of the room close to the door we entered and bent me over the back while
Francesco held me there with his hand on the back of my neck.

	"Gentlemen!"  Veronica bellowed to get their attention.  "This nasty
slut has been very bad this evening and requires some punishment.  Therefore, to
apologize and bid you goodbye this slutty slave would like to invite you all to
come over and give her what she both requires and deserves.  Step forward and
leave a nice handprint on her undisciplined ass."

	They obviously didn't need to be asked twice as they all rushed over and
each took a slap at my ass, each felt harder than the one before.  I couldn't
remember my ass stinging and burning as much as it did then after they were
finished.  This punishment brought tears to my eyes making my makeup begin to
run.  I then felt a hand grab my hair at the back of my head and lift me off the
back of the couch.  I was now standing with me head pulled back uncomfortably
with Veronica's face inches away from my own.  She then reached up and took a
nipple between the fingers of each hand then pinched down hard while twisting
them.  The pain brought more tears to my eyes but I dare not yell out or she
might decide to punish me even worse than she was already planning.

	"Does the nasty cry baby slut think this hurts?"  She said dripping with
sarcasm.  "This is nothing compared with want awaits you when we get back. 
You're only lucky I enjoyed your last stage performance or it might have been a
lot worse for you.  Now get your fucking slave ass down to the boat and be quick
about I want you waiting for us when we get there."

	With that she gave me another whack with her crop on my already burning
ass and I gave a little yelp and scurried out of the cabin and into the dark
cool night air.  Thank goodness for a full moon or I would never have been able
to find the boat as it illuminated the dark pathway down to the dock where the
boat was or so I hoped.  The summer night's air was still quite warm which was
quite welcomed considering my near naked state.  When I finally reached the
boat, (quite the feat considering I had to negotiate the steep, uneven path in
the dark, wearing 6" stiletto heels and with my hands cuffed behind my back) I
just stood there wondering whether I should wait on the dock or try to get into
the boat myself.  I decided not to encourage further punishment deciding to try
to get into the boat by myself.  I noticed step stool in the boat on the
dockside and carefully put one heeled foot on the top, slowly shifted my weight
to it and waited for the boat to settle.  Then I lifted my other heeled foot off
the dock, teetering precariously on one foot as the boat began to rock again.  I
managed to keep my balance until I got the other foot settled on the top of the
stool.  A flood of relief swept over me as I managed to make my way down the
steps onto the deck of the boat and stood there with my legs spread slightly
waiting for the boat to stop rocking.  I finally saw the three of them making
their way down the path to the boat with Francesco and Bruno helping Veronica so
she would slip in her heels along the uneven pathway.  To think I made my way
down on my own with hands cuffed behind my back.  What a bitch she was.  When
they reached the boat, Bruno and Francesco helped Veronica into the boat before
climbing in themselves.

	"What a good little slut slave you are, Tara."  Veronica praised once in
the boat.  "You are finally learning how to obey my orders maybe I'll take it a
little easier on you later.  Now we have to get you seated to enjoy the trip
back to the cabin for our busy night ahead.  You might find the trip back a
little uncomfortable."

	Francesco came over carrying what looked like some sort of saddle with a
long pole running from underneath.  He positioned the pole into a hole in the
deck of the boat, locking it in place.  That is when I noticed the two life-like
phalli molded to the middle of this 'saddle.  I barely had time to think as
Bruno grabbed my arms from behind and pushed me over towards Francesco. 
Veronica was busy applying a generous coating of lube to the two phalli making
it obvious where they would soon be buried.  Francesco and Bruno each grabbed
hold of one arm and one leg lifting me high into the air and over the 'saddle'. 
They slowly lowered me down towards the two fake cocks as Veronica reached
underneath to ensure they found their marks.  Once properly positioned they
simply relaxed their hold allowing my own weight to impale me on these two stiff
intruders.  My grunts and shrieks resounded all around the lake as they echoed
back towards us.  My legs stretched out below me barely allowing my heels to
rest on the deck.

	Now completely impaled in both my ass and pussy I sat straddling this
devious 'saddle'.  They pulled the front and back of this 'saddle' tightly
against my body, strapping it around my waist.  Once tightened it formed around
my body holding me tightly and I could feel ridge separating my pussy lips,
caressing my hardening clit.  Francesco and Bruno hooked my ankle straps to the
base of the pole as Veronica attached a chain from the back of the 'saddle' to
my still cuffed wrists.  Secured uncomfortably to this apparatus I felt my
tired, over-stretched legs begin to collapse under me causing me to sink into
the 'saddle' forcing the intruders deeper into my body.  I then felt the saddle
begin to give slightly downwards, allowing my legs to bend slightly and giving
some relief.  Little did I realize the true purpose of this play in the
supporting pole.  Francesco and Bruno moved to the front of the boat to prepare
to get under way as Veronica approached me holding another short chain.  This
she attached to the chain connecting my nipple nooses, pulling it taught hooking
into a ring on the front of the 'saddle'.  She showed me an evil smirk as she
teased my very sensitive nipples and silently turned to join the two men at the
front of the boat.

	The boat suddenly lurched forward causing me to rock backwards in my
'saddle' jamming the dildo in my ass to drive in even farther and the chains to
pull hard on my nipples.  I let out a loud moan from the sudden abuse on my body
as I tried to regain my precarious balance.  This made the three turn to face me
and begin to laugh mockingly at my current predicament.  As Bruno raced across
the rippled lake, the apparatus, I was strapped to, quickly introduced its true
nature.  Every small ripple or wave on the lake caused the boat hop and bounce
causing me to lift off the 'saddle' slightly only to have the boat drive the
'saddle' and its two cocks back into me.  I soon came to realize that the pole
that held the 'saddle' was actually a hydraulic piston, which compressed as I
came down onto the 'saddle' only to help push the rubber cocks back into me as I
lifted off.

	We were barely five minutes into our trip back before the two phalli and
the ridges teasing my clit worked their magic on my highly stimulated sex.  I
felt another massive orgasm begin to rock my mind and body as my now heaving
chest pushed out moans of pleasure.  I was soon screeching from unbridled
passion as I found myself grinding my crotch into the 'saddle'.  I now found
myself pulling back on the chain holding my highly sensitive nipples relishing
the erotic painful pressure the nooses supplied.  As the ecstasy of this first
orgasm began to subside, another one started forming in the depths of my soul. 
My mind began to swim and I my last lucid thought was if my overly stimulated
and used body could survive the hour-long trip back to Francesco's cabin. 
Nothing seemed real around me anymore as I seemed to drift from consciousness. 




TARA'S ADVENTURES
CHAPTER 4
TRAINING - PART 1
By Tara

	I saw the lighted dock looming ahead through the fog of my over
stimulated mind.  My world now reduced to an erotic dream filled with carnal
desires.  I suddenly realized the mumbling filling my ears were my own.  The
boat jerked sideways as it bumped into the dock causing another sexual tingle to
wash over my exhausted body me as I rocked in the 'saddle'.  I barely noticed as
Francesco, Bruno and Veronica removed my restraints, taking care to hold me
steady so I would not fall to the deck of the boat.  Not until they lifted me
off the two rubber cocks, so thoroughly stuffed into my pussy and ass, did my
mind begin to return to the real world.  My pussy and asshole were now extremely
sensitive to even the simplest of stimulation so having myself pulled off the
phalli proved torturous as another orgasm began to build within me.

	By the time they managed to get me to the dock and standing on my feet I
regained some of my composure.  A good thing considering they stopped supporting
me once on the dock, my hands still secured behind my back.  I had to
concentrate just to remain upright on my rubbery legs, my high-heels adding to
my difficulty.  I didn't seem to be able to close my legs as I felt every muscle
in my body screaming with sore exhaustion.  A light breeze coming off the lake
chilled my sweat soaked body causing goose bumps to rise on my skin as it teased
my sensitive nipples and exposed pussy.  Veronica broke through my daze
attaching the leash to my collar, holding it out to one side as she attacked my
tender ass with her crop.  With a squeal and small hop, I quickly started to
shuffle down the dock towards the path leading up to the cabin.

	Each step was torturously difficulty, as I had to will my stiffening
muscles and rubbery legs to move while balancing on my tall heels.  Nothing
could keep my mind off the feeling that my pussy and ass were still well stuffed
yet knowing they were not.  I looked down at my throbbing nipples to see them
glowing deeply red, standing fully erect while still encircled by those devilish
nooses.  Looking up to the cabin as I approached the path, I gave a thankful
sigh for its smooth gentle slope.  The cabin seemed miles away, each step an
effort, another adventure in pain.  Veronica quickly lost her patience with my
slow pace, tugging firmly on my leash while threatening with her crop.  When we
finally reached the cabin my muscles managed to loosen up some, the soreness
beginning to disappear, while my lower orifices began to take on the feel of
normal dimensions again.

	By the time we reached my cell in the basement of the cabin, fatigue
overcame my sweat covered my body.  Veronica led me to the middle of the cell
were she removed my leash, leaving my wrists still secured behind my back and
returned to the door to talk with Francesco.  Teetering on my tired legs, I
looked around this cell (it seemed like days since I was last here) and noticed
a profound change to its interior.  The shock of what filled my eyes took my
mind off my sore, tired being as I took in the latest additions.

	Where the bed once sat there was now a cage that couldn't have been more
than three feet wide and tall while only four feet long.  The thick, gleaming
steel bars had a square opening near the top of one end about a foot square. 
Chains ran from the four corners of the cage connected to a ring hanging from
the end of a cable running down from the ceiling.  Several other new pieces of
'furniture' sat around the room, their obvious design to hold someone in varying
forms of bondage.  My guess is that 'someone' would be me.  There were also
various bars, chains and manacles hanging down from the ceiling and set into the
walls, as well as rings and tie downs sunk flush into the floor.

	Several torches sticking out at forty-five degree angles from the stone
covered walls now supplied the only lighting in the cell.  Their flickering
orange-red flames added to the eerie gloom of the cool damp cell.  I began to
feel apprehension and a dread of what I have managed to get myself into, a
situation that I could not control.  Never in my life have I ever felt so
completely controlled, almost beaten down.  I just wanted to drop down to the
hard stone floor and curl up to cry myself into a deep sleep but feared the
consequences that might bring.  The whole cell seemed bathed in a light haze as
fatigue continued to overwhelm my entire being.

	I focused on the vision in the mirrors before me and could hardly
believe that what I saw was actually the woman of a few short days ago.  Gone
was that confident, self-assured and independent woman who had climbed the
ladder of success and beat the odds to become a vice-president of a prestigious
marketing company.  Instead what looked back was a slut, a sex slave that showed
all the signs of full use; naked (except for ruined stocking and "come fuck me"
shoes") cuffed and collared, make-up smeared, hair matted and body covered in a
mixture of sweat and caked on cum.  Veronica will understand.  I'll just tell
her that I've had enough, my fantasies fulfilled.  We'll have a laugh and
continue with our vacation.

	"Well, how's our slut slave doing?"  Veronica startled me as stepped up
behind and unfastened my wrists.  "I have a little nourishment for you," she
continued without giving me a chance to respond as she came to face me, "and you
would be wise to drink it as it might be some time before you get another
chance."  Veronica held up a large glass containing some type of light green
liquid that had a thick, chalky look about it.  "Don't say anything just drink
it all back as it contains all the nutrients and energy you will require for the
next stage of your training."

	I took the glass from her and pondered my next move before deciding to
put an end to this madness.  "I think I'm quite done with this little adventure
that you set up for me, Veronica."  I found myself blurting out indignantly. 
"Let's just put these games to an end and relax to enjoy the rest of our
vacation."  I continued a little more softly.

	Veronica's expression suddenly changed to one of outrage before I felt
her leather encased hand strike hard across my cheek, snapping my head sideways
and nearly causing me to drop the glass.  "You insolent slut," Veronica barked
loudly into my ear before I had a chance to turn back to face her, my cheek now
burning from her strike, "how dare you talk back to your Mistress.  You might
have proven yourself the slut we want but you obviously require quite a bit more
training to prove yourself the slave we know that you want to be.  Now drink up
you meal and keep your mouth shut before you make me silence that trashy slut
mouth of yours."  She commanded raising her hand, poised to deliver another
severe blow across my still sore cheek.

	Wide-eyed and trembling with fear I quickly raised the glass to my lips
and began to drink back the sweet yet chalky liquid hoping to buy some time to
think out my next move.  I chugged back the entire contents without stopping and
presented the glass back to Veronica as I licked the remaining liquid from
around my mouth.  As Veronica was placing the empty glass on to a table, I took
the risk to plead my case once again.  "Look Veronica, I never told you I wanted
to become your little sex slave."  I began, trying to hide my fear behind the
sternest, most authoritative voice I could muster.  "I only went along with you
little sex games for the fun and excitement of fulfilling my fantasies.  Now
that they are more than satisfied, I think it's time to put an end to this
charade.  Just tell me were my clothes are and I will find my own way back
home."

	I had barely finished before Veronica's head snapped around to face me,
followed by the rest of her body as she spun on the balls of her booted feet. 
She said nothing but snapped her fingers before holding out the same hand to
receive what was obviously some sort of gag.  I never had a chance to react as
another unseen hand grabbed me by the hair from behind and pulled my head
uncomfortably backwards.  I let out a shriek, as it seemed my hair was being
pulled out from my scalp.  Veronica took full advantage of my gapping mouth and
drove home the gag, its rubber phallus quickly muffling my protests.  In a
flash, the gag became tightly buckled behind my head and just as quickly, my
wrist cuffs were locked to a spreader bar hanging down from the ceiling.  I
tried to lash out at my tormentors with my legs only to lose my balance leaving
me hanging by my arms from the spreader bar above my head.  I struggled to get
my feet under myself as I heard laughter coming from all around the cell.  I
finally managed to regain my balance getting my feet back underneath me; I could
see Veronica, Francesco and Bruno standing behind me in the mirror enjoying my
struggle.

	Out of breath and sweating, I stood up straight breathing heavily
through my nose before instinctively trying to suck a large breath through my
mouth, forgetting the gag that stuffed my mouth.  I received another surprise as
the rubber phallus responded by growing in size and length as I vainly tried to
suck in air.  Before I could react and stop my sucking the fake cock pushed to
the back of my mouth towards the entrance of my throat.  This sudden and
unexpected intrusion caused me to gag and retch before my teeth bit down on the
unwelcome invader.  Suddenly I heard air escaping and the phallus pulled out of
my throat as it returned to its previous dimensions.  Tears were now freely
running down my cheeks as my nose leaked fluid over the faceplate of the gag. 
How did I get myself into this situation and how was I going to get myself out
of it?  How did I lead Veronica to believe that this is what I wanted?  Was this
her plan all along?  To befriend me, so she could trick me into sexual servitude
for her own pleasure.  My mind was now racing out of control, a situation I had
never encountered in my life.  I had always been in complete control of all
aspects of my life; this was foreign to me.

	"You seem to forget," Veronica started forcefully, bring me back the
reality around me, "you signed yourself over to us to use whichever way we
choose for 30 days.  We have absolutely no intention of allowing you out of your
contractual obligation."  She continued.  "By the time we are finished with your
training you will, in fact, be a willing participant.  You might not realize it
now, considering your background, but I have long known that your true nature is
one of submission.  Your true desire is to be dominated, to remove the stress of
decision making and the responsibility for others."  I couldn't find a good
argument, not that I would be able to express it, as lately I found the weight
of my career and lifestyle to be crushing.  Veronica now circled me while
running her leather-clad hand lightly over my clammy skin continuing her
monologue.  "You enjoyed the last couple of days of unbridled sexual abandon and
proved yourself the slut we are looking for but you still need training.  Your
own pleasure is not important, only the pleasure that you give holds any
importance."

	With that said Veronica stepped back to stand tall several feet in front
of me, her leather encased fists pushed into her hips.  A stern look covered her
face while her body language spoke volumes of her dominance over my situation. 
With a simple nod of her head, I felt hands begin to pull my ruined stockings
down my legs and my heels removed, leaving me completely naked, my arms pulled
out wide over my head.  The muscles and tendons of my legs and feet complained
as my feet rested flat on the cold stone floor of the cell.  I had been wearing
the high heels for so long my legs and feet had become accustomed to supporting
me with them on.  Veronica stood in front of me glaring into my eyes as I tried
returned her glare in a feeble attempt at defiance.  All the aches of my
previous ordeals now seemed to disappear, as did the almost crippling fatigue;
obviously, an effect of the cocktail Veronica had me drink.  I wondered what
other effects this potion was to inflict upon me.

	I didn't have long to wait as a feeling of euphoria soon began to wash
over my entire being causing my body tingle as though a hundred tiny fingers
were caressing me.  The rest of the cell seemed to haze over leaving me in a
tight cocoon of the reality that stood before me.  I barely noticed Veronica's
wave before feeling my legs spread wide and the manacles fastened tightly around
my ankles holding my feet firmly three feet wide.  The spreader bar, holding my
arms wide, then raised higher into the ceiling pulling by body taught.  I had to
raise my heels off the floor in order to take some of the strain off my
overworked shoulders and grab on to the bar.  Trying to pull my feet back
together, I was met with the realization that another spreader bar held my legs
wide.  The euphoria I had felt now turned to resignation as I realized that
Veronica now had complete total control over me.

	Veronica now stepped away from in front of me, moving to the side, just
as I felt the sting of a jet of icy water hit my back.  This caused me to jump
in my bonds as a muffled screamed escaped from around the gag in my mouth. 
Without thinking, I instinctively sucked back at the gag only to be treated to
the rubber cock invading into my throat once again.  This time I was able to
suppress my gag reflex only to realize that I had managed to restrict my airway
with my oral phallus.  I began to panic as the cold, watery assault continued. 
Thankfully, I remembered to bite down on the gag to release the air and allow it
to return to its original dimensions.  As the phallus deflated, I realized the
completeness of my humiliation as I felt my bladder begin to empty spraying its
warm liquid down in front of me and over my legs.  The purpose of the floor
drains now became obvious as a rubber coated figure stepped in front of me
continuing to spray me, head to foot, with the icy water.  After a few stinging,
cold passes over my naked body the rubber figure turned the spray off and moved
out of my sight.

	There I stood, manacled and stretched, left to drip dry in the cool air
of the cell.  Breathing heavily through my nose, my heart pounding as my dimpled
body quaked from the cold assault.  "Feeling more refreshed slut?"  Veronica
asked rhetorically.  "I see you took care of your full bladder, so we can
continue uninterrupted with your training.  We first need to demonstrate the
difference between training, punishment and pleasure before we can continue
further."  She continued, as long wooden stand wheeled in behind her.  I quickly
began muffled protests, shaking my head violently, as I saw what this stand
held.  "Oh settle down.  You'll experience all these lovely toys soon enough. 
Don't be so impatient."  Her words dripped of sarcasm.  "Once you understand the
varying degrees of distress that can be inflicted upon you, we will first
address the punishment that you have earned before continuing with your
training."

	Veronica turned to the stand and began to examine the implements hanging
from their respective pegs as she fondled and hefted each one in turn.  I knew
the purpose of these implements; they were used to inflict pain, even torture,
on their victims.  Their origins easily traced back to the torture chambers of
history and inquisitions of times gone by.  I was astounded be the varying
shapes and sizes of all these implements that Veronica now fondled with the
glint of a child in a candy store.  She soon explained to me that their use was
essentially the same; it was only the severity that determined whether it was
training, punishment or "pleasure".  Once dry she would demonstrate to me the
difference.  Veronica then walked away, leaving me dangling stretched out and
hanging to drip-dry.  The cool air chilled my wet body from the outside as
warmth began to grow within me.  My mind was becoming muddled by conflicting
thoughts, as I was not sure if it was fearful dread or expectant desire.

	Time seemed to past slowly and my mind wandered until I realized that I
was now sucking my mouth phallus deep into my mouth then using my lips (not my
teeth) to allow it to withdraw.  I was actually giving my gag a deep-throated
blowjob as I drifted towards sexual desire once again.  The cool water ran down
my body teasing my erect nipples before sliding over my sensitive clit causing
my exposed pussy to ooze its hot juices mixing with the water before dripping to
the floor.  I could also feel the water run down my spine channeling into the
crack between my ass cheeks teasing my sphincter before combining with the
mixture from my pussy.  I no longer felt the cool atmosphere of the cell as my
body began to flush with the warmth of desire.  If only the phallus filling my
mouth could fill my pussy or ass.  I was quickly brought back to reality with
the sound of a flogger slap against the stand before me.

	"Time for your first lesson Taraslut."  Veronica barked.  "We will start
out light then move to the more stringent before changing to some of the more
specialized implements."  She instructed before continuing.  "I will be giving
you a taste of what to expect from each classification of flagellation before we
begin with the punishment that you have earned.  After you have been punished,
we will be give you time to reflect on your indiscretions before your true
training will begin."

	Veronica now held the flogger that she had "introduced" me to earlier in
the boat.  She informed me that this is probably the most sensuous flagellum but
could easily become one of the most painful that they use.  With that said, she
wasted little time in moving behind me and introducing me to "the whip".  The
first stroke surprised me more than it hurt causing me to jump with a start. 
Veronica then continued to slap the multi-strands of the flogger lightly across
my back, ass and legs causing my skin to lightly sting and warm.  I must confess
that the entire scenario made me begin to feel very sexually charged.  Maybe
this was partly caused by the potion they had me drink earlier combined with my
mental and physical fatigue.  I soon felt my well-bound body begin to betray me
as I felt my nipples harden even more and my juices begin to flow between my
legs.  I now felt completely dominated for the first time in my life as Veronica
continued with her light flogging demonstration.  I felt control over my sexual
urges begin to slip away as I toyed with the fake cock stuffing my mouth,
longing for the feel of having my pussy and ass just as stuffed.

	Veronica soon brought me out of my sexual reveling as the flogger rained
down hard across my warmed, tightened ass cheeks.  The long leather thongs of
the flogger covered my ass with stinging accuracy, their ends wrapping around to
sting my hip.  She then changed to the other side to repeat the assault bring
muffled shrieks from around the gag filling my mouth.  Now Veronica was raining
down blow after blow onto my back as I tried to scream for her to stop while my
head shook violently from side to side.  Just as abruptly as my flogging began,
it stopped.  My eyes now filled with tears I could barely make out the figure
standing before me as Veronica.  A few moments passed allowing my eyes to clear
somewhat until I could see her evil little smile as she absent-mindedly ran her
finger through its thongs.

	"How did you like your first little lesson, slave?"  Veronica hissed
through her curled lips.  "I am now going to continue to introduce you to the
rest of these implements.  First, I will give you a taste of how they will feel
when we are playing and having some fun then you will find out how they feel
during punishment periods for your indiscretions.  You will definitely be able
to tell the difference.  After we are finished with this demonstration your gag
will be removed for your punishment as you will be required to speak."  She
instructed then began to turn towards the rack but stopped and turned to face me
once again.  "I almost forgot.  Put the idea of using any safe words, as they
mean nothing during your training period.  You may beg and plead all you what
but you will find they will fall on deaf uncaring ears.  They might actually end
up increasing your punishment."

	With that said Veronica turned back to select another implement to use
on me, holding it up so I could see its design.  She repeated this process for
each of the implements before demonstrating their use on me starting out with a
few light strokes followed by a few heavier ones against different areas of my
poor, tortured body.  I recognized all the implements only because I had either
seen them somewhere before or items similar.  By the time Veronica was finished
with her introductions I was weeping like a baby, my eyes burning, tears
steaming down my face mixing with the mucus leaking out of my nose before
dripping down onto my burning breasts.  Most of the implements that she used
gave me a sensual, erotic feeling when used lightly only to be turned against me
in punishing blows.  Two of these however proved to be torturous even with mild
blows.  The first was a paddle covered with tiny holes that bite into my flesh
leaving me with feeling I had just sat down on a bed of nails.  Even this didn't
compare to the last implement, a devilishly thin and flexible rod (about a thick
as a pencil) that sent a loud 'swish' through the air before its strike.  Its
sting drove deep into my body wherever it struck.  I knew in my mind that I
would do anything to avoid feeling these two pieces of torture again.   

	I now stood stretched out, my stinging body drenched in sweat, as they
relaxed behind me laughing at my predicament.  As my eyes cleared I stared into
the mirrors before me to see my body covered with bright red stripes, the most
pronounced being the thin welts caused by that evil switch across my thighs. 
Every muscle in my body ached from abuse of strain, my jaw clenched tightly to
the phallus in my mouth, my hands wrapped tightly around the bar above me and my
shoulders taking the strain of supporting my weight.  I felt myself begin to
gain strength from the knowledge that I managed to survive my ordeal without
losing consciousness.  Suddenly my newfound strength and pride soon became
replaced with the dread of the realization that Veronica still intended to
punish me for whatever "indiscretion" I was accused.  She now stood before me
wearing her wicked smile while toying idly with the thongs of the flogger once
again.

	"I would pay close attention," Veronica began, "or you might find this
punishment session quite a bit more painful than it has to be."  She now began
to pace in front of me while lightly slapping the flogger's thongs into the palm
of her hand.  "Shortly we will be removing the gag from your mouth as you will
be required to be able to speak.  You will only be allowed to say what I am
going to tell you to say.  If you try to protest or get mouthy again, you will
only incur more punishment.  Do I make myself perfectly clear?"  I quickly
nodded my head affirmative not wishing to feel the sting of her implements
anymore than I had to.  "Good, now let us go over what your responses will be to
your punishment.  You must count off each of the 20 strokes from this flogger
that you have earned.  After each number, you will then thank me and ask
politely, 'may I have another, Mistress'.  If you forget to count, lose count or
fail to be polite we will begin back at 'one'.  You can scream or cry all you
want but it will make absolutely no impact on me and might actually cause you to
miss on of your assignments between stokes."

	I was stunned at what Veronica had just said.  Not only was she planning
to flog me 20 times but also she expected me to thank her before asking for
more.  I never imagined Veronica could be so cruel.  My chance to protest came
shortly as I felt the gag's buckle being loosened and nearly spat the rubber
phallus out of my mouth as soon as I could.  Veronica just stood in front of me,
hands on hips, with a stern look as she shook her head as a form of
chastisement.  I immediately began to demand my release as a tirade of
expletives rolled off my tongue.  Veronica's expression remained unchanged as
she stepped towards me and raised her right hand high before heavily striking my
cheek with leather covered hand.  My head snapped sharply to the right leaving
my left cheek burning from her strike.  She then reached out with her left hand,
the flogger dangling from her wrist, and grabbed my sore jaw to pull my face
back around to face her.  I swear I heard her hiss before she told me that
little outburst would earn some extra punishment.  I would find out soon enough
what that would be but first I would have to endure the initial punishment.

	With that said, Veronica stepped in behind me. I could see her
preparations in the mirrors on the wall in front of me.  I watched as she pulled
back the flogger to begin and tensed my body to prepare for that first strike. 
I heard a swish of air just before the flogger made contact with my back pushing
a squeal out of my mouth.  I struggled vainly in my bonds trying to escape from
the onslaught that was to continue.  Suddenly a second landed on my butt causing
a burning tingle to cover both cheeks, the vibration teasing my exposed pussy. 
Veronica reminded me that I was forgetting something and unless I was willing to
be punished all night, I might not what to forget again.  I shouted out "TWO"
only to be corrected before I had a chance to continue with my monologue.

	"You know the rules, slut," Veronica barked, "one mistake and we begin
back at 'one'.

	I had little time to try to voice my complaints as her flogger stung my
back once again.  I quickly blurted out, "ONE!"  Immediately followed by "Thank
you Mistress, may I have another?"  Croaking it out as loudly as my strained
voice box would allow.  The words were barely out of my mouth when the flogger
made contact with my burning flesh once again causing me to jerk forward in a
vain attempt to avoid her strikes.  "Two," I yelled through clenched teeth
followed by my mock gratitude and beg for more.  Each blow seemed to bite deep
into my flesh as I struggled to keep count while remembering to thank her and
ask for more abuse.  I was unable to brace for the next blow, as she would
randomly rain them down on my back, ass or back of my legs.  Nothing in my life
had ever prepared me for the pain and torture I now endured.  My mind begged for
the relief of unconsciousness but the need to continue the count insured that I
kept my focus on the punishment.

	After the tenth strike, Veronica seemed to have stopped her assault on
my stretched out form.  I felt my entire body begin to flush hotly as blood
began to rush to my abused skin.  The entire back of my body now tingled with
the prickle of a thousand needles, my whole body covered in sweat.  I felt my
muscles begin to relax as my head slumped forward, a groan escaping from my
mouth and my face streaked with tears.  I stood slumped against my bonds,
thankful that Veronica had mercifully cutoff her assault before administrating
the full 'punishment'.  Never before in my entire life had I ever experienced so
much as a spanking or slap before that night with Veronica when I received only
two stinging blows from her flogger as encouragement, then at Francesco's Club. 
Now here I am hanging, stretched out spread-eagle, from the ceiling of a cell in
the middle of nowhere mercilessly flogged by the woman that I thought to be my
best friend.

	The sound of Veronica's flogger suddenly interrupted my revelry as it
cut through the air before hitting its target from the opposite side.  My head
snapped upwards as my body stiffened by its sting amplified by my now sweat
covered body.  My mind came crashing back to the reality of my situation just in
time to continue my stroke count.  I managed to catch myself before continuing
the count at ten instead barking out "ELEVEN", my raspy voice reverberating off
the walls of stone followed quickly by my gratitude and request for more.  Even
though my body jerked with every stroke of the flogger, I found that my mind
seemed to be detaching itself from my body.  It seemed as though I was moving
into a new and different reality.  I could vividly hear the sound of the flogger
as it moved through the air but its contact no longer brought its sting.  I
could feel each of its individual thongs; they seemed to caress my burning flesh
as they sensually wrapped my body tightly.

	Time seemed to stand still as my world closed in around my body.  The
sound of my counting seemed to come from outside of me.  I felt the flogger
awaken some deep dark desire within my soul, my body betraying my true erotic
desire for submission.  Every stroke left me wanting more as my pussy continued
to moisten and twitch.  My mind began to focus on the sensual caress of the
floggers soft leather fingers playing seductively on my tingling flesh.  It
teased at the side of my breast then wrapped around my leg, its tips falling
agonizingly short of my desperate pussy.  My breathing laboured as my desire for
release became more and more desperate with each erotic caress from my flogger. 
The cool air of the cell teased my wet, sensitive and neglected breasts causing
my large nipples to stand painfully engorged demanding attention.  I snapped
back to the reality of my situation as I heard my voice yell out "TWENTY-THREE "
just as the sting of the flogger registered across my ass and backs of my legs. 
I clamped my mouth shut, clenching my jaw in self-loathing.

	"I didn't think you would ever stop," Veronica laughed mockingly,
"begging for more.  My arms were starting to get sore trying to satisfy your
desires.  I am not sure if I should count this as your full punishment
considering your seemingly enjoyment of your flogging.  But first we'll see how
you like your additional punishment that your nasty mouth managed to earn for
you."

	My mind was awash in confusing contractions.  On one hand, my body felt
the intense sting and burning left behind by the flogger, on the other the
tingle of erotic desire filled my soul.  I felt an odd fulfillment from my
current condition.  Chained helplessly open for whatever deviant pleasure others
might want to take upon my body only seemed to fuel my sensual desires hidden
within me.  I was now becoming conflicted by the self-assured, dominant
personality I had lived with all my life and this new submissive personality
crying out to be controlled.  Was I just now becoming aware of my true
personality or just subjected to the manipulation of my will to that of others? 
Through my muddled mind and sore body the feeling of unrepressed sexual desire
pushed to the surface filling my entire being with exotic desire for total
erotic fulfillment.

	I found myself speechless as I watched Veronica hold another smaller
flogger up for me to see.  She stood four feet before me and explained that she
would be using this one for my next punishment.  She stood silently as I watched
her absent-mindedly slapped its leather thongs against the palm of her hand.
Holding this small flogger straight up and down, the handle in her right hand,
her left holding its thongs taught an evil grin came to her face.  Without
warning, she brought the flogger down onto one of my unprotected breasts and
hypersensitive nipples.  Searing pain shot through my breast into my chest
escaping through my mouth as I instinctively yelled out "ONE!" followed by well
rehearsed beg for more.  Veronica reloaded her flogger to strike it against my
other equally sensitive breast bring out an equally loud "TWO!" from my lips.

	This alternate breast flogging continued until each of my breasts had
received five strokes each.  Once she had stopped, the humiliating realization
came to me that I was thrusting out my chest in anticipation of the flogger's
strikes.  As Veronica turned to replace the flogger to the rack I slumped my
head down to see my chest criss-crossed with the reddened stripes left behind by
the flogger.  My nipples were now standing out painfully erect, glowing bright
crimson red.  Veronica returned to complete my degradation as she reached
between my splayed out legs to run a leather-clad finger between my sopping
pussy lips.  She then pushed her finger into my well-lubricated canal as she
began to massage my engorged clit with her thumb.  I was soon in the throngs of
a massive orgasm as she continued her manipulations causing my body to jerk
uncontrollably in my bonds.  She played me, as would a puppet master, while
taunting me to further heights of degradation.  The jerking of my body caused my
abused breasts to bounce sending jolts of pain from my tortured nipples into my
exhausted body.  My pain just added to Veronica's ministration as wave after
wave of orgasm washed of me, groans of absolute pleasure bursting from my lungs.

	As quickly as she started, Veronica stopped her ministrations leaving my
fatigued body to slump against its bonds.  My body quivered sporadically from
the lingering affects the orgasms that I was forced to endure.  Left hanging by
my arms I soon felt my ankles released but could not find the strength to pull
my legs underneath my tortured body.  A pair of large strong hands grabbed me
under my outstretched arms pulling me to my feet to allow the releasing of the
cuffs holding my arms stretched wide.  My world seemed a haze of pain combined
with the lingering tingle of my wanton orgasms.  I barely noticed being half
dragged towards the shower stall and pushed against the rear wall.  I slowly
slid down the wall until I was sitting half-slumped over with my knees bent and
splayed out wide.  The sudden stinging blast of icy water hitting my tortured
body quickly brought me back to life.  A loud, somewhat hoarse, screech jumped
from my mouth as I vainly tried to escape its torrent.  The water gradually
warmed and a bar of soap thrown at me to clean my "filthy body".  I slowly
pushed myself to my feet, with the help of the rear wall, and worked the soap to
lather before applying it to my reddened body.  Gritting my teeth, I applied the
stinging soap to my body and through my hair before rinsing off.

	The shower was turned off and a towel thrown at me to dry myself.  It
felt soft and thick in my hands but once I began to rub it against my skin it
felt as though made of sandpaper.  I quickly changed to lightly patting my skin
dry while working at getting my hair as dry as possible.  Barely able to finish,
I had the towel abruptly pulled from my hands before Bruno roughly pulled me
from the shower stall.  Once out of the shower Francesco and Bruno began to rub
a soothing lotion over my stinging skin, lingering on my abused breasts teasing
my sensitive nipples.  They slowly applied the lotion up my weakened legs
lingering to tease my pussy and ass as they reached my crotch.  Their
manipulations made me begin to flush with sexual excitement as my mind began to
desire the feel of their manhood within me.   Veronica stood before me, with a
disapproving glare, holding up a black leather body harness for me to pull onto
my body.

	I took the harness from her and stepped into the two looped straps at
its bottom.  Once I had it pulled up my legs she took it away from me and with
the help of Francesco finished strapping it to my body.  Each leg strap rode
high on my hips running down my natural crevasse, framing my pussy, coming
together to form one thin strap behind my pussy.  This strap then buried deep
between my ass cheeks before emerging to connect to a thick waist strap, which
Veronica tightly buckled in front of me.  They pulled my arms through two
openings before pulling the harness up and over my shoulders.  This pulled the
crotch straps even tighter causing my pussy lips to part slightly allowing cool
the air to tickle my sensitive clit seductively.  Veronica gently positioned
each of my breasts into the cups formed by several straps connected to rings
that encircled each of my hardened nipples.  Another thick strap ran up from the
waist strap between my breasts ending at another wide strap that was obviously a
collar.  The breast cups of the harness attached to this strap as well as having
two straps running up to the collar and another two running under my arms to
another strap in back.  The collar, about three inches wide, flared out to rest
on my collarbone was now tightly buckled around my neck. Lastly, they buckled
the wide strap that ran up my back to my collar and pulled it tight forcing me
to stand erect.

	Veronica now began to apply small locks to each of the buckles to insure
that only she could remove this harness at her pleasure.  She then picked up a
pair of heels handing them to me before ordering me to put them on as she toyed
with the crop at her side.  I noticed that they had the same 5-inch heels that
Veronica seemed to favour, slightly thicker, flaring out towards the bottom. 
Bending over to put on these shoes proved torturous as the straps of my harness
dug deeper into my ass crack and pulled my pussy lips wider.  Balancing on one
leg, I slipped the first shoe's strap over my toes and fastened the strap
tightly around my ankle. However, the second shoe proved somewhat more difficult
as balancing on the high heel was a little dicey. Once on, I found them quite
comfortable.  The short platforms at the toe provided a nice cushioning for the
balls of the feet and seemed to form to my toes. The wide straps around my
ankles fastened with Velcro, which confused me considering Veronica normally
chose to lock the shoes onto my feet.

	"You had better get use to these heels," Veronica hissed as she stood to
face me, "as you will be wearing these and maybe even more extreme heels from
now on.  There might be the odd exception but that will be fairly rare."  She
stood staring me down as she allowed this latest revelation sink into my mind. 
Bruno used this time to pull my arms roughly behind me and buckle wide leather
cuffs around my wrists, locking them together as well as to one of the many
rings that dangled from my harness.  Veronica slowly circled my harnessed body
while pulling and tugging at the many straps that held my body captive, ensuring
they fastened tightly to my body.  Turning on her heels, she slowly made her way
towards the cage I had noticed earlier.

	Watching Veronica slink so sensuously away from me, her firm body so
perfectly encased in the gleaming leather of her bustier and mid-thigh, stiletto
heeled boots, caused me to flush with desire.  I felt a pang of jealousy towards
the thin straps of the g-string riding over the tops of her ass cheeks then
disappearing into the cleavage of her ass.  I found myself envisioning myself on
my knees, behind her, her ass thrust into my face as I lovingly teased her pussy
and asshole with my hot tongue.  I have never been as desiring of another woman
as I found myself now.  I was so confused.  This was the same woman that just a
short while ago was flogging my fatigued body without mercy.  Now all I could
think about was to have the opportunity to submit to her sexually, satisfying
her for my own satisfaction.  My entire being now so profoundly aroused by the
erotic, craving the satisfaction of sexual use once again.

	Reality came back to my situation as Francesco gripped one of my arms
and began to pull me over towards the cage.  I was now able to get a better look
at this cage as I stumbled to catch up with Francesco's pace.  Though it might
have been suitable for the average sized dog, a person would find it extremely
cramped.  It could not have been more than four feet long and probably only
three feet wide and high.  Its thick, shining metal bars were spaced only a few
inches apart giving it an even more claustrophobic feel.  Veronica stood erect
at one end, holding open a door to the cage with one hand as the other
impatiently tapped her crop against her leather-clad leg.  Francesco positioned
me at the opening facing Veronica's impatient stare.  I had earlier tried to
deny the inevitable but it was now obvious that I would be spending some time in
this small cramped cage.  Veronica lifted my head with her crop under my chin. 
My mouth was about to open in foolish protest of this treatment just as the
tongue of her crop lightly tapped my parted lips.  Her face had an evil scowl
across it as she slowly shook her head from side to side.

	"Will you not learn to keep you foolish thoughts to yourself?  It is
obvious that your thinking needs further adjustment."  Veronica admonished. 
"Slaves are not allowed to speak unless instructed to do so.  The sooner you
learn this most important lesson the easier it will be for you."  She continued
as she nodded her head to the men behind me.  "This will be your new
accommodations for a while so I suggest that you make yourself comfortable."

	Veronica fell silent as I felt a strong pair of hands take hold of my
shoulders to turn me towards the opening of the cage.  The hands forced me down
to the hardness of the cold stone floor, its unevenness biting into my bare
knees.  Once I was sitting back onto my heels, a hand pushed my head forward and
into the cage.  This caused the thin strap buried deeply between my ass cheeks
to dig in even deeper bringing a squeal of pain from my lips.  This only served
to give Veronica another reason to use her crop on my well-exposed ass.  I
instinctively lunged forward to escape the attack only fall flat on my face and
breasts.  On one hand I was thankful for the lightly cushioned rubber flooring
of the cage as it protected my face from damage but on the other hand its
inherent stickiness grabbed hold of my painful breasts, making them feel as
though were being torn from my body.  I crawled, as quickly as my bound arms
allowed, into the cage to relieve the strain on my breasts and escape Veronica's
attack on my stinging buttocks.  With my head at the far end of the cage, almost
pushed against the bars, and the rest of my body fully inside its confines, the
assault on my ass ceased.

	My body now covered in sweat, my breathing rapid and shallow, I sat
prone with the side of my face pressed against the bottom of the cage.  A large,
strong hand held one leg firmly as I felt something hard and rigid encircle my
ankle.  Once I felt the tightness around my ankle and the sound of the latch
closing, I knew they were planning to manacle my legs together.  With my other
foot now placed into another rigid manacle and latched, my feet were crossed and
immobile.  The door to the cage closed, pushing its cold steel bars against the
hot bare skin of my still stinging ass.  The criss-crossed manacles forced my
knees wide leaving me quite exposed.  The sound of a lock latching reverberated
off the cell's walls sending a shiver up my spine, causing my body to slump as
tears filled my eyes.  I began to whimper, as a heavy cloud of doom seemed to
fill my being.  I could no long see any way out of my predicament as the fear of
my eternal entrapment over took my thoughts.  My body began to shake as I cold
chill swept over my prone body; yet I continued to perspire.

	I heard whispering behind me followed by subdued laughing.  Suddenly I
felt something lightly brushing the backs of my legs, running up from behind my
knees to the bottom of my ass cheeks.  This continued for a few minutes until I
felt it rubbing between my cheeks, over the strap buried there before pushing
between my outstretched, bent legs.  My body began to betray me as I felt the
unmistakable tingle of arousal begin to form in my lower abdomen.  My whimpers
soon turned to light moans as I instinctively pushed my hips forward against the
intruder ensuring it easier access to its ultimate target.  I strained my head
to look back between my legs, catching a glimpse of Veronica's crop, as I felt
its wide leather tongue lightly began to slap at my pussy, its textured shaft
sawing between my now slick nether lips.  I could no longer control my lust, my
hips pumped in unison with the crop as it continued to tease my pussy and clit.

	My juices were now flowing freely as I felt an orgasm begin to build
deep within me causing my breathing to become heavy and laboured with moans.  My
legs quaked uncontrollably; the rubber floor teased my hard, crushed nipples.  I
began to fantasize about having a big, hard cock pounding into my desperate
pussy when suddenly to manipulation stopped.  A mournful sigh escaped my mouth
and my humiliation was complete as I whimpered and begged Veronica to finish
what she had started.  All three burst out in mocking laughter causing what
pride I had left melt to away.

	The click of Veronica's heels on the stone floor as she ran her crop
over the bars of the cage told me she was moving to the front of the cage.  I
saw her boots come into my view and tried lift my head and raise my body.  The
confines of the cage and my bound hands made such movement impossible.  I just
didn't have the energy left and my head rested back down to the comfort of the
cool rubber floor.  The fight all but drained from me, left me to stare,
whimpering, at her well-heeled feet.

	The whirl of an electrical motor caught my attention, as my cage slowly
began to lift into the air.  There I was, prone, watching Veronica's firm,
leather covered body pass before my eyes.  By the time the cage stopped its
upwards travel, I was staring at the thin triangle formed over her pouting pussy
between her slightly spread legs.  The cage steadied as she reached in through
the opening near the top of the cage and grabbed a handful of my hair.  My neck
strained as she pulled my head back allowing her to guide my head towards the
opening.  Once through the opening Veronica allowed my head to rest on the
well-padded opening just under my chin.  The weight of my upper body on my jaw
insured my continued silence.  I felt something slide down behind my head coming
to rest across the back of my neck, trapping my head outside of this opening. 
This now forced me to stare, straight ahead, at her firm amble breasts, their
nipples invitingly standing at full erection.

	Suddenly I felt the tongue of Veronica's crop lightly toying with one of
my extremely sensitive nipples.  This manipulation caused an erotic charge to
shoot through my nipple, into my breast, sending a sensually charged tingle down
my body to my still lustfully engorged pussy.  Instantaneously my sex starved
clit quivered, begging for attention, where none would come.  A longing whimper
and moan escaped my mouth followed by a deep sigh as I drew in a long, deep
breath.  Veronica took advantage of this by pressing one of her erect nipple
between my parted lips commanding me to suckle her.  My lust overcame me as I
slowly sucked the firm bud into my mouth.  I greedily suckled, teasing it with
my hot, moist tongue.  Pure lust overcame me; I sucked, licked and bit at her
large nipple imagining it as a small, hard cock demanding my attention.  Time
was lost to me as her manipulations moved from one of my nipples to the other,
presenting me with her other nipple to suckle each time.

	By the lustful sounds of ecstasy filling the cell, I knew that she was
using her other hand to bring herself to orgasm.  Her amble breasts muffled my
own pleading moans as she kept me on the edge of orgasm, never to permit me the
release.  Without warning, Veronica pulled away from me and stumbled backwards
for several feet before catching herself.  My mouth now unoccupied, my mind
still awash in lust, I found myself begging for the relief I so desperately
desired.  Veronica simply flashed me a mocking smile as her crop waved, back and
forth, in front of her face.

	Veronica turned to her side, sandwiched between Bruno and Francesco,
naked from their waists down with their cocks standing proudly erect in front of
them.  Veronica allowed her crop to dangle from her wrist as she reached for the
pulsating cocks (one in front, one behind) and slowly stroked them with her
leather-covered hands.  She taunted me with descriptions on how velvety smooth
and hard they felt and how delicious it is going to feel to have them pounding
into her.  How she looked forward to the relief they would bring to the lustful
desires brought on by our mutual foreplay.  My humiliation and degradation
deepened as I found myself begging them to use me, also, for their sexual
gratification.

	They laughed mercilessly at my humiliation while teasing me with the
hope that they might consider my "requests".  Veronica spread her legs wide as
she bent forward to wrap her moist lips around Francesco's bulbous cock head. 
Bruno positioned his hardened cock at the entrance of Veronica's steaming pussy
and slowly pushed its purplish head into her sopping canal.  Veronica's tongue
was now caressing the underside of Francesco's cock as she slowly sucked its
length into her eager mouth.  She used one of her hands gently massaged his
dangling ball sac, the other gripping his thigh for support.   Bruno mimicked
this by slowly pushing his fat member deeper into her inviting pussy until his
balls slapped against Veronica's waiting clit.  I futilely tried to block this
vision out of my sight by squeezing my eyes shut only to have the scene played,
vividly, in my mind.  The sounds of sexual abandon enticed me to open my eyes as
I became transfixed watching both cocks burying themselves deep into Veronica at
both ends.

	I could barely believe the depths of my depravity.  Waves of jealousy
washed over me as I watched Veronica thoroughly stuffed at both ends.  She
wantonly pushed her pussy back hard onto Bruno's fat cock while sucking
Francesco's straining cock deep into her throat, her hands now clamped hard onto
his ass cheeks.  The sounds of frenzied rutting filled the cell, reverberating
off the stone of the cell's walls, causing me to whimper, as my deviate sexual
needs remained unfulfilled.  The rigid manacles holding my ankles crossed also
held my legs wide, preventing me from applying any much-needed friction to my
aching clit.  I desperately tugged and pulled at the shackles holding my wrists
tightly bound behind my back.  The only thing these futile attempts accomplished
were to increase my need for sexual release.  Once again, my attention moved
back to the scenario playing out in front of me, both Francesco and Bruno's
bodies jerked and stiffened while Veronica quaked around uncontrollably between
them.  Muffled sounds escaping from around the cock jammed into her mouth.

	Both men began to withdraw their cocks from Veronica, leaving only the
bulbous heads inside their respective orifices.  They grabbed hold of their
shafts, throwing their heads back as they stroked their twitching cocks to pump
their jizm into Veronica.  They both slumped forward, beads of sweat covering
their tanned, muscular bodies, allowing their cock heads to slip slowly out from
between her two sets of lips.  Veronica reached one hand between her legs,
cupping her pussy, as she straightened and turned towards me.  It was almost
comical to watch Veronica silently make her way over to me with her hand held
tightly between her slightly splayed legs, sucking gulps of air through her
nostrils.  I did not have to wait long to find the reason for her humiliating
walk.

	As she reached me, Veronica bent down and pressed her luscious, cum
covered lips against my own.  I felt a hand on one of my breasts just before two
fingers started to squeeze my sensitive, hardened nipple.  My mouth opened,
instinctively, to let out a gasp caused by the sudden sharp pain only to have it
filled with the hot, salty taste of Francesco's semen.  I greedily swallowed
every drop offered to me before snaking my tongue into Veronica's mouth looking
for more of the nectar.  Sitting on the edge of orgasmic ecstasy for so long
must have fogged my normally clear mind with lustful depravity.  She removed her
lips from mine and brought her leather-covered hand up from her pussy to my
still opened mouth.  Smearing a mixture of Bruno's cum and her sweet juices over
my lips, chin and face had me lapping shamelessly at her hand while she covered
my face with the mixture.  Now all I could taste and smell was the aftereffect
of the unbridled sex that just played out before me.  These added sensations
only worked to further fuel my insanely desperate lustful desires.  My spirit
broken, my depravity complete, I found myself feebly begging for carnal release.

	Veronica ignored my pleas and simply removed what lay across the back of
my neck before pushing my head back into the cage.  My head slowly lowered to
the cool rubber floor of the cage as I rested one cheek against its padded
surface.  My eyes filled with tears as I whimpered and sniffled through my
humiliation.  My whole body tingled with monstrous unfulfilled sexual desire.  I
watched as my last chances of sexual release, Francesco and Bruno, turned and
left the cell, their semi-flaccid cocks bouncing invitingly between their
powerful legs.  Veronica's heels clicked loudly on the stone floor as she walked
around the cage before stopping and stooping to face me eye to eye.

	"We are going to be leaving you here for a while.  This will allow you
to reflect upon your short comings and come to grips with your true self." 
Veronica began in a surprisingly comforting tone. "Nothing that you have or will
experience, in our time here, will be outside the boundaries of the desires and
fantasies that you have so often expressed to me."  She continued as her tone
changed, taking on a stern authoritative feel.  "We have gone through great
expense and effort to ensure that all of those desires and fantasies become a
reality.  Until your month of ownership, sexual servitude, is completed you will
have absolutely no say how you are treated.  You are to follow every command,
request and instruction without question or even comment.  You have already had
a taste of what to expect if you fail or question even the most minor of tasks."

	With that said, she simply stood, turned on her heels and slowly,
sensually retreated through the barred door of the cell.  My heart sank into
despair as the door shut with a heavy clang.  Then another thick, heavy door
closed over the barred door, the sound reverberating around the cell.  Suddenly
the cell became deathly quiet.  To make matters even worse, the flames on the
torches that lit the cell began to lower.  Slowly drawing the cell into the
shadows until only a sight glow remained from their heated bases.  The entire
cell now sank into some darkened abyss as even these faint glows surrendered.




TARA'S ADVENTURES
CHAPTER 5
REFLECTION

Author's Note: Tara's Adventures took a small hiatus as we worked on 'Tara' to
get her permission to publish this chapter (this might very well be published as
a separate short story).  This was in response to a number of reader's requests
for a more in-depth insight into what drove 'Tara' to embrace her BDSM
lifestyle.  We hope this chapter helps our readers understand her psychology.


	Closing my eyelids tightly, hoping my eyes would adjust to the blackness
that surrounds me, only to return to the same dark abyss when they opened.  The
atmosphere that now enveloped me felt warmer as the air seemed humid and thick. 
I could not see the bars of this cage, not even nose on my own face.  It felt as
though I was floating, disembodied, in empty space.  The only sounds I could
hear were that of my beating heart and my short rapid breathing; even these
seemed muted and distant.  Time began to pass more slowly now and I soon became
unable to recall were I was or even if I was.  Were the sounds that I was
hearing real or just aberrations of my lonely lost soul? 

	My discomfort bought me back to the reality of my situation.  I needed
to get out of my prone position to give my knees a rest and take the pressure
off my face and crushed breasts pushing into the rubber of the cage's floor.  I
slowly shuffled my knees up higher on my body until my abdomen rested between my
outstretched thighs and my ass cheeks sat lightly on my shackled heels.   These
movements caused the cage to begin to sway as I heard the sound of creaking wood
from overhead.  A feeling of dread overcame me, as I feared the chains holding
the cage aloft might pull from the beam sending both the cage and me crashing to
the stone floor.

	I quieted myself down and held my breath as I waited for the cage to
stop its swaying and the wooden beam to fall silent.  Carefully, I slowly
continued to shift my body, taking care not to cause the cage sway too much. 
After what seemed like an exhaustive eternity, I found my most comfortable
position.  This turned out to be on my back with my shackled hands resting into
the small of my back causing my hips to thrust rudely upwards.  Though somewhat
uncomfortable, it was the least uncomfortable position offered.  This position
also allowed me to rest my knees against the bars taking the pressure off my
ankles but still leaving my pussy opened and well exposed.

	Closing my eyes, I hoped my exhaustion would allow sleep to overcome me
and provide me with a haven away from this awakened nightmare.  However, my mind
betrayed me as images of my sexual servitude continually invaded my thoughts. 
My whole body tingled with erotic sensations; even the sore welts left by the
switch across my ass and thighs seemed to add to my sensual stimulation.  A
warm, moist breeze gently caressed over my sensitive body tickling my
goose-pimpled skin with an erotic tingle.  It felt as though a gentle tongue
stroked ever so lightly over my open, moist pussy and engorged hypersensitive
clit before toying teasingly with my painfully erect nipples.  I felt my sanity
begin to slip away as my sexual frustration mounted without the ability to
satisfy my insistent "itch".  Desperately closing my useless eyes I struggled to
put my current predicament out of my mind and concentrate on the events in my
life that brought me to this end.

	I could never deny to myself that, since puberty, I have been a very
sexual person.  From my first awakening into the world of sexuality, I enjoyed
the sensations I received from my exploits whether solo or shared.  Being born
of parents that came of age during the "Age of Aquarius" through the sixties and
early seventies ensured I was well educated and comfortable with my sexuality. 
They took great pains in educating both my sister and me about the joys,
drawbacks and responsibilities of being sexually active.  As a result, 'dating'
or 'going steady' was not be tolerated until we were juniors in high school.

	This was not to say that we could not go out with boys, just not
exclusively.  We soon learned that this worked out quite well as we could enjoy
the social life of youth without the restrictions of hormone-induced jealousy. 
I was never short of suitors for my affections, I must admit that I was always a
bit of a flirt but never snobbish. I always knew that I was physically
attractive and took great pride in making sure that I kept myself fit and in
shape.  All throughout high school, I enjoyed being part of several of the
school's varsity teams.  This required me to get into the habit of working out
on a regular basis ensuring that my body remained well toned.

	It wasn't until my junior year that I began to explore my sexuality in a
rather more 'hands on' (pardon the pun) manner.  I engaged in quite a bit of
heavy petting and mutual masturbation with a couple of the boys that I was more
intimate with at the time.  It wasn't until the summer vacation break between my
junior and senior year that I officially lost my virginity.  Unofficially I had
lost it to a well-shaped glass rod I had found in my parents attic.  It was
during one of the many bush parties that my social circle gathered to enjoy.  I
decided several days before one of these parties to give up my carnal treasure
to one of boys that I had been spending time with over the previous months.  I
chose to ignore the horror stories of pain I had heard from other girls that had
already taken the plunge.  By the day of the party I found myself flushed with
excitement as butterflies tickled from the inside.

	A couple of cans of beer did help to remove any nagging doubts before I
headed off into the woods with my chosen deflowerer.  Preliminaries were
unimportant, as we had already taken care of that as we sat around the bonfire
with the others.  Just the anticipation of having an actual cock pounding into
my pussy had me in a sexual frenzy.  It did not take long before I was bare
assed, legs splayed wide and bent over a fallen tree with his rigid cock poking
at the entrance of my very moist pussy.  I did feel the pain of its initial push
into my waiting pussy but found that it only added to the erotic feelings that
now filled my mind.  I didn't retreat from the pain but wantonly pushed back
against his cock until I felt his balls brush against my pussy lips and gently
slap my now engorged clit.  He reached forward to grab hold of my wrists pulling
my arms back to use them to pull me back meeting his thrusting cock.  He took
complete control over me and I could do nothing but accept his hard cock as it
pounded into me.

	The total lack of control over what was happening and having my arms
securely held behind me only served to add to my sexual energies.  The whole
scenario that played out that night fuelled the erotic feelings stirring deeply
in my belly.  Taken forcefully from behind in the woods as the voices and
laughter of the party filtered through the trees,  The light from the bonfire
casting an eerie glow around us added to the scene as a rape fantasy played out
in my aroused mind.  These new sensations, running rampant over my body and
mind, overcame me.  I found myself biting my lower lip, suppressing the yelps of
joy trying to escape my lungs.  My whole world seemed to concentrate around my
as I felt a massive orgasm build up within me.

	I was now oblivious to all around me as my body began to shake
uncontrollably, a massive orgasm building deep from within.  I thrust my hips
back onto the cock ravaging me causing my breasts to crush onto the rough bark
of the tree truck.  This encouraged him to pull back on my arms, making my back
arch upwards, his cock thrusting hard into my pussy.  My fully distended nipples
painfully, yet sensually, raked over the rough bark sending an erotic charge
through my body and sending me over the edge.  I clamped my pussy tightly around
his cock as my orgasm washed over me triggering his own orgasm.  The feel of his
hot semen flooding my gripping pussy sent me sexual overload as another orgasm
hit me.  It was then that I experienced my first multiple orgasm, his cock
pulsating inside my pussy, pumping his cum into me.

	I slumped, exhausted, over the fallen tree and mewed lightly as he
slowly withdrew his softening cock from my now sloppy pussy.  My mind, so filled
with desire, drove me to my knees before him as I greedily licked and sucked our
combined juices from is semi-erect cock.  He moaned lightly before proclaiming
what a hot and horny slut I was.  This was the first time someone called me a
slut, at least to my face, but took no offense.  After all, at that moment, that
is exactly how I felt.  A wanton slut bathed in the afterglow of unbridled
passion.  Just the thought of being held firmly, while being treated like a hot,
horny slut added to the erotic desires that seemed to fill my being.

	When we returned to the others, our smiles of carnal satisfaction must
have obvious as the other girls stared and giggled, as they whispered amongst
themselves.  The boys merely flashed an upturned thumb and a wink towards my
well-satisfied partner.  That night was but one of many other couplings that I
engaged in that summer as my sexual awakening came into full bloom.  I still
didn't want to get into an exclusive relationship at such a young age so spread
my charms around to several different guys.  I found that I really did enjoy the
recreationally casual sex.  Whenever my wrists or ankles were tightly held while
getting my pussy thoroughly pounded by a cock I would loose control and become
that wanton slut.  The feel of hands tightly holding my head as a cock pushed
deeply into my mouth would find me hungrily sucking it to the back of my throat.

	It wasn't long before I found myself fantasizing about having two, and
sometimes three, different men using me in a sordid sexual tag team match.  I
would lay in bed at night dreaming about having my arms pulled behind me while
one would pound into me from behind while another held my head up while forcing
his cock into my throat.  On these nights, my special glass rod would get a good
workout. I spent many a night lying in bed with my legs spread wide, ass
stuck-up high and my face buried in my pillow to muffle my screaming ecstasy. 
Both hands would be between my legs, one plunging the rod into my juicy pussy
and the other playing madly with my clit, giving me that added feeling of being
controlled.  I would also feed my feet through the bars at the foot of my bed to
prevent me from pulling my legs together as I played out my fantasies.

	Summer seemed to end all too quickly meaning my sexual partners moved
out of town to attend university (they had been seniors).  By the time school
started up again, my mind moved from my wanton sexual desires of summer to
academic desires.  I was determined to do my best during my senior year to
ensure getting into the best university possible.  I dove into the books and
sports with that same gusto that I used in my recent sexual exploits.  By the
time my senior year was winding down, I was at the top of my class and had
received scholarship offers from several universities.  All the offers were for
split sport/academic scholarships except one that was for a full academic
scholarship.  I immediately took the academic scholarship as it was for the
university I really wanted to attend and I wouldn't have to split my focus.  I
felt the luckiest girl in the world but it only got better.  One of my teachers
referred me to a marketing company that was looking for summer help.  I went for
the interview and given the job on the spot.  It paid quite a lot more than the
jobs my friends were getting at the mall meaning I would have the necessary
funds to afford off-campus housing.

	I was able to find an apartment not far from the university (a little
more than I needed it had two bedrooms) in a small building with eight
apartments.  The whole building was full of students with me being the only
freshman without a roommate.  I soon gained the reputation of being a rich,
stuck-up brat due to my desire to put my nose to the grindstone and not
socialize all that much.  All I seemed to do was study, workout at the gym and
sleep.  My hard work paid off as an offer for a summer internship with another
marketing company, close the university, enabled me to keep the apartment during
the summer.  This internship did not pay as well as the position the summer
previous but I figured if I had to I could get a roommate for the school year.

	By mid-August, I realized I would need a roommate in order to make it
through the year and posted a listing with the campus housing office.  My
reputation from the previous year must have been worse than I thought as two
weeks went by without so much as a phone call.  I was starting to worry that I
would not be able to afford staying in my apartment or have to break down and
ask my parents for some financial support.  I knew they would be more than happy
to help but I wanted to do this on my own and show my independence.

	It was the first Saturday of September, my internship had just ended,
and the school year was set to begin yet still no roommate.  The world beating
elation of the previous September was gone, replaced now by the reality of
asking for help from my parents.  As I sat, staring at my phone, trying to
formulate how I would ask for salvation an unaccustomed knock came to my door. 
I nearly jumped out of my chair with fright from the unaccustomed sound.  I sat
thinking it must be someone who stopped at the wrong door when the knocking came
again but this time more insistent.  I walked to the door indignant at the
unwelcome intrusion ready to give the intruder a peace of my mind for
interrupting.

	I swung open the door with a scowl on my face only to be greeted by an
inviting smile and an outstretched hand.  I hesitantly took the hand offered as
my scowl turned to bewilderment.  The smile soon turned to a questioning
expression as she inquired if she had the right address.  She quickly pointed
out that the housing office of the university gave her this address and held up
the card showing that I was looking for a roommate.  I nearly yanked her arm out
of its socket as I pulled her into the apartment, slamming the door behind her. 
The confused look on her face started me laughing, she to giggled nervously with
me.  Once I came to my senses, I invited her to sit down and offered her
something to drink as I quickly began to babble my explanation.  She must have
thought of me as a crazy woman.

	I managed to calm down and show her around the apartment while
explaining everything with more clarity.  After the tour, we sat in the living
room and talked a little over a glass of wine.  Cindy explained that she had
just transferred from another university and was desperately seeking a place to
live.  She half expected to have to live in some "Animal House" but was thankful
for her good fortune in finding me.  I told her she could move in immediately
and she handed me an envelope that contained enough money to pay her rent for
four months.  We ended up talking until late into the night while finishing off
the better part of three bottles of wine.  My couch, though comfortable to sit
on, wasn't really much for sleeping on so I offered Cindy the opportunity to
share my large bed.  She readily agreed as long as I didn't mind her sleeping in
the nude.  C'est la vie.  I had no recollection of Cindy coming to bed as I had
passed out as soon as my head hit the pillow.  It was in the morning that I got
a good look at my new roommate.

	The sound of clanging coming from the kitchen woke me up and I almost
called the police before I realized that it must be Cindy.  I slowly pulled my
throbbing head out of bed and wrapped my robe around me before making my way out
to the kitchen.  I stopped in my tracks when I stepped into the kitchen to see
Cindy bare-ass naked, bent over looking through my cupboards.  When she saw me
standing in the doorway she slowly stood turning to face me before nonchalantly
greeting me with a good morning and a smile.  I mumbled a good morning as I
stood open-mouthed taking in the vision before me.  Cindy stood slightly taller
than I did with a slimmer figure (almost boyish hips), long shapely legs and a
well-toned body that glowed with a honey coloured tan.  Looking at her breasts,
I noticed the lack of tan lines, in fact there wasn't a tan line on her whole
body.  Though not as prominent as mine, her breasts stood proudly on her chest
capped by large dark nipples that now stood erect.  I found her short black
hair, though slightly messy, sensually framed her well-chiseled facial features
giving her that super-model look.  Her full lips and dark eyes gave her an
exotic, mysterious air that stirred something deep within me.

	  I could tell Cindy must workout at least as religiously as me just by
looking at her flat well defined stomach, toned legs and upper body as well as
her firm breasts.  What really caught my attention and tweaked my curiosity was
the fact that her body seemed to be devoid of any hair, even around her smooth,
tanned pussy.  I must have been a sight standing there dumb-founded with my
mouth gaping open as she coyly apologized for her nakedness.  I stammered an
apology for staring and reassured her that her appearance did not offend. 
That's when Cindy quickly explained to me that she had become use to the freedom
of walking around naked while at home but would cover-up if it made me feel more
comfortable.  I explained to her that the apartment was just as much her home as
mine, so she could wear whatever she felt like.  After all, she had a great body
and she had absolutely no reason to be ashamed just to cover-up when I had
guests over (like that ever happened).

	She just smiled at me and shrugged her shoulders before turning back to
continue with her exploration of the kitchen.  I made us breakfast as she
continued her self-guided tour of the apartment and made several phone calls to
arrange for her things to be delivered.  It wasn't until late afternoon before
we managed to get Cindy settled into our apartment and she offered to pay for
dinner at a local pub.  We spent the evening at the pub eating, drinking and
getting to know each other before making our way back home at the 'wee hours'. 
I could tell that Cindy and I would be getting along as we shared many of the
same interests however, she did seem to be worldlier.

	 I found second year much easier as I was now quite accustomed to the
extra demands of university life.  With Cindy becoming a close friend and her
guidance, my social life came back to life.  I was able to keep my good grades
while enjoying the recreational opportunities that university life offered.  It
wasn't long after Cindy moved in that I found myself spending most of my time
running around the apartment just as naked as she does.  Eventually I also
removed most of my pubic hair, leaving a light, downy strip just above my pussy
lips.  Even the other girls from the building became accustomed to our nakedness
when ever they dropped by our apartment.  We would always cover-up whenever any
of the guys would drop by but always leaving enough showing to be tantalizing. 
Sexually I wasn't very active but Cindy seemed to take every opportunity to
enjoy the company of a willing partner.  As time wore on Cindy became more and
more touchy-feely towards me as we spent time alone in the apartment.  It wasn't
until much later that it donned on me that she had been preparing me for what
was to happen during the second semester.

	One of our Professors unwittingly played into her hand as she arranged a
little surprise for me.  It was during our communications course that we were
required to do a paper on "thinking outside the box".  The Professor had
prepared several different scenarios for us to work within.  Each scenario had
several tasks we were to perform over a four-hour period.  Afterwards, we were
to write a report on our experiences and describe how we overcame the obstacles
put before us.  Each of us received a plain brown bag that contained our
instructions and props that we would need.  We were not to look into the bags
until Saturday (it was Friday) just before we were ready to begin tasks.  Cindy,
unable to contain her curiosity, snuck a peek into our bags while I slept. 
Knowing what my scenario would be she decided to spring her trap.  She took this
opportunity to make a few alterations to my bag's contents and make a few
changes to the instructions.

	The next morning I awoke quite excited about what the bags held for us. 
Cindy insisted that we have breakfast before checking them out.  After all, the
Prof did tell us only to open the bags when we were ready to begin our
experiment.  We silently and quickly finished our breakfast before rushing naked
into living room to begin the tasks the bags held.  Cindy was first to spread
the content of her bag out onto the coffee table which contained only a strange
pair of sunglasses and a sheet of paper with instructions printed on it.  She
tried on the glasses first to discover their dark lenses nearly blocked all her
forward vision.  However strategically placed mirrors to the side (somewhat like
the tiny mirrors cyclists use to see the traffic behind) allowed her to see to
her rear.  Her first instruction was to put the glasses on before continuing
with the other instructions.  That is when we decided it would probably be best
if she did her experiment first, then I would carry out my own.

	With her special glasses on it difficult to make out the other
instructions, as she had to read them right to left.  The next instruction did
not allow her any assistant from another person.  The rest of the page contained
rather mundane sounding tasks that she was to perform before the experiment was
over.  There was a four-hour time limit imposed on all of us but Cindy soon
became accustomed to her new situation and moved comfortably within her new
backwards world and completed her tasks in under three hours.  The tasks
included dialing several phone numbers and leaving a given message, watching one
of several available television programs, making a meal (she used another mirror
for this) and just generally go through everyday tasks.

	It was now my turn to begin my experiment of 'thinking outside the box'
and dumped the contents of my bag out onto the table.  My bag contained printed
instructions, a couple of small fabric bags with buckles around their openings
and a small padlock.  I was to put my hands into the bags and buckle them
tightly around my wrists before locking them behind my back.  For this, I could
get assistance but had to complete my tasks on my own.  I decided to try to get
both bags on myself even to lock them behind my back.  The first bag was easy to
do but they were so small I had to close my hands into tight fists.  After
buckling the first one, I had to use my teeth to pull the other buckle tight and
my now clubbed other hand to fit its fastener into the hole.  I was surprised
how easily I was able to fit the lock through the two d-rings on the wrist
straps and lock it behind my back.  The lock held my wrists tightly together
forcing my shoulder back slightly causing my breasts to jut outward.  I felt
myself flush, not from embarrassment but excitement as I felt butterflies
fluttering in my stomach.  I looked at myself in the mirror to see my arms
disappearing behind me, my breasts standing up proudly on my chest their large
nipples almost fully erect.  I felt myself begin to daydream as my fantasy of
being 'taken' by two men at once filled my mind.

	Cindy brought me back reality asking me how it felt to have my hands
bound behind me.  I turned, with a smile on my face, and told her how it felt
kind of kinky and exciting.  Her face flushed also as she smiled up at me from
the couch with an unusual twinkle in her eye.  I dismissed her current state
along with her very erect nipples as a reaction to an embarrassing situation. 
After all, we were both still butt naked and this did seem to have sexual
overtones.  I soon became quite agile at functioning without the use of my hands
using my feet mostly but also my nose, chin and mouth.  Making a meal must have
been quite comical as Cindy spent most of that time laughing at my attempt to
make a sandwich.  I finished my tasks in just over three hours and figured it
took me longer than Cindy due to her constantly getting in my way.  She seemed
to be bumping into me and teasing me with her fingers at every opportunity.  I
must admit it was kind of fun, in a kinky sort of way, having Cindy teasing and
taking advantage of my restrained state.

	Now that I was finished with my experiment, it was time to get out of my
bonds and a thought shot through me like a bullet.  I don't recall seeing any
key for the lock that held my wrists tightly together.  Panic overcame me as I
shouted at Cindy to help me find the key for the lock.  Cindy checked the bag,
table and under the couch cushions while I got down on knees searching the floor
and under the couch.  Suddenly a warm hand stroked my upturned bottom and I spun
around to see Cindy smiling with that same twinkle in her eyes that she had
earlier.

	It was obvious that the key was missing and Cindy suggested that she go
and get the key from the Professor.  I sat down on the floor with a sigh and
agreed that would be the only way to solve my problem.  I would be stuck in my
present condition until her returned.  I did have one other problem.  I had not
eaten since breakfast and my stomach was now growling from hunger.  Cindy solved
my problem by retrieving the sandwich I had made from the kitchen and feeding
me, helping me wash it down with some wine (which helped to calm my nerves). 
She then helped me back onto couch before going to her bedroom to get dressed.

	She quickly returned dressed to go out and seek out the key but seemed
to be hiding something behind her back.  My heart fluttered thinking she had the
key and was just playing a little joke on me.  Instead, she showed me a pair of
her shoes that she had been trying to get me to wear for sometime but I always
gracefully declined.  They were sexy strappy sandals with wide straps that
wrapped seductively around the ankle and were quite cute but I thought the
five-inch stiletto heels would be too much for me.  She now had a captive
audience and she refused to listen to my protests as she knelt down in front of
me and put these shoes on my feet.  I must admit that they did make my feet look
very sexy and I felt a sensual tingle overcome me as she tightly buckled the
straps around my ankles.  She helped me up off the couch and steadied me before
guiding me over to the full-length mirror.  I admitted that they did look sexy
as they accentuated my well-toned legs.  I stood there admiring how these shoes
made my legs look so long and caused me to stand in such a way as to make
everything look tighter and firmer.  The only drawback was that my feet soon
grew tired and strained standing on such high heels that I was not use to.

	While I allowed vanity to occupy me, Cindy scurried around setting up a
chair and small table in front of the television.  She reasoned that the chair
would be easier for me to get up from, if need be, and I could hook my bound
arms over the back so as not to have them digging into my back.  She placed the
remote for the TV and VCR, within easy reach of my nose on the small table.  She
then placed the rest of the bottle of wine, with several interconnected straws
sticking well out of it, next to the remotes.  She turned on the TV and plugged
a tape into the VCR before checking to see if I needed anything else.  Besides
the key, I couldn't think of anything and just pleaded with her to hurry back. 
Cindy flashed me a comforting smile, gave me a quick peak on the cheek and
grabbed her coat rushing out of the apartment.

	I sat there in silence listening to her footsteps disappear down the
hallway wondering how much longer I would have to wait for my release.  Little
did I know just how long it would be before my final release would come.  I
tested the straw, happy to see it work just fine, and found the wine helped me
relax a little.  I gradually flicked through the stations only to discover how
little there was to watch on a Saturday afternoon unless it was sports or kiddy
shows.  I decided to switch to the movie Cindy had placed in the VCR realizing I
forgot to ask her what it was.  Once the movie began to playing it was obvious
that Cindy had plugged in some sort of sex tape.  Not only a sex tape but also a
fetish tape.  The scene that played out before me was that of some poor girl
having her hands strapped high over her head to a post by what I could only
describe as an 'Amazon'.  Her legs were then spread wide and shackled to long
metal bar causing her whole body to stretch taught.  I sucked in a deep breath
of surprise when I noticed she was wearing the exact same shoes that now graced
my feet.

	I found myself transfixed as this 'Amazon' circled the hapless girl
teasing her with the strands of a flogger while describing what she would be
doing to her.  This dominatrix wore only tight leather boots (that ran up to her
mid-thigh) with stiletto heels that must have been at least six-inches high, a
g-sting (barely covering her pussy) and tight leather opera gloves, all in
black.  I must admit that she had a sexy firm, well-tone body that showed no
signs of fat with amble breasts standing proudly on her chest.  I soon found my
own pussy beginning to moisten and my nipples begin to stiffen.  I was almost
disgusted with myself for allowing this 'movie' to excite me.  I quickly bent
down to hit the stop button on the remote but in my haste managed to knock the
remote off the table and on to the floor.  To add to my problems the back of the
remote flew off sending its batteries flying.

	I immediately pushed myself up off the chair, forgetting about the tall
heels, and almost fell flat on my face.  I walked over to the where the TV and
VCR were only to discover I couldn't reach the VCR, on it's shelf behind the
television, without the use of my hands.  I then knelt down on one knee in front
of the TV before bending down to open its front control panel only to discover
it jammed closed.  I slumped, almost crying, wondering what else could possibly
go wrong today.  This whole time the movie progressed and now the hapless girl
was receiving a flogging from her tormenter, or so I thought until I heard her
moaning in what could only be described as pleasure.  I returned to my chair and
sat down with my bound arms hooked behind its back.  I found myself almost
hypnotized by what I was witnessing on the screen, leaning over to take large
gulps from the wine bottle.

	I was definitely reacting to the 'movie' playing on my television.  It
was not disgust, more of a feeling of sexual desire.  My whole body tingled with
a warm, erotic glow as I felt my pussy begin to twitch and my nipples harden
almost painfully.  I watched things happen on the screen that I never imagined
in my wildest fantasies as the 'Amazon' tease the girl into a sexual frenzy
before applying some other form of torture.  What surprised me more than
anything was the fact that the girl wasn't begging for her tormenter to stop but
rather for more of the 'Amazon's' manipulations as well as permission for
orgasmic release.  The girl was constantly strapped to different apparatus as
the 'Amazon' continued to use and torment her.

	By now, I was well into the bottle of wine and feeling its effects when
suddenly the mood of the movie changed.  Four men burst into the room, seized
the 'Amazon', and strapped her down just as she did to the girl.  These four men
now began to use the two women for their own sexual gratification while
continuing with the BDSM games.  The movie was now playing to my fantasies as I
watched each woman taking one cock in her mouth and another in her pussy while
being held helpless.  My eyes almost jumped out of my head as I watched the men
pull out of their pussies and begin to push their cocks into each asshole before
them.  The idea of anal sex always disgusted me in the past but now I found
myself transfixed by what I was witnessing on the screen.

	I found my mind and body awash with extreme sexual desire as my pussy
was now very moist and beginning to twitch.  My hands uselessly trapped behind
my back caused me even further frustration.  Crossing my legs, I squeezed my
thighs together while trying desperately to get enough friction against my clit
to achieve the orgasm I now longed for.  As the movie came to an end sexual
desire and wine completely clouded my mind.  I felt frustrated and cheated as
the screen flicked and filled with snow as static screamed from the speakers. 
The annoying sound coming from the speakers helped to calm my desire as the tape
wound towards its end.  I sat staring blankly at the TV's screen, uncrossing my
legs, hoping to be able to calm myself down and allowing my twitching pussy to
cool slightly.

	I could not remember ever feeling so completely overcome by desire as I
felt at this time.  The feeling of the cool air in the apartment as it caressed
my naked body, teasing my large erect nipples and engorged, throbbing clit.  I
stood as the tape reached its end and the VCR automatically started to rewind. 
I found the restraining of my arms surprisingly erotic and natural.  Walking
around the room with these heels so deliciously strapped tightly around my
ankles added to the erotic desires coursing within my being.  All these feeling
were new to me; I became captive to their intoxicating power.  The shoes made me
feel so sexy, despite the painful unaccustomed pressure on my feet; my fettered
hands holding me captive.  I walked around the apartment watching myself vainly
in the large full-length as I felt the delicious tingle rush over my sensitive
body.  The apartment now seemed bathed in a dark haze as the only illumination
came from the kitchen light and TV screen.

	I nearly jumped out of my skin with the loud rap on the door to the
apartment, barely catching myself before letting out a shriek of surprise.  I
heard the voice of one of the other girls in the building shout through the door
to see if we were in just as I noticed that Cindy had forgotten to lock up as
she left.  My entire focus now changed to the door as fear of discovery overtook
my very being.  My heart pounded as I silently tiptoed my way towards the door
in hopes of hiding undiscovered should she try to open the door.  As I
approached, I saw the knob begin to turn causing me to freeze just feet from the
door from fear of discovery.  I felt as a deer caught in the headlights of an
approaching vehicle.  A saving voice shouting down the hallway caused the person
on the other side of the door to release the knob and move down the hallway.  I
wasted little time in closing on the door and reaching down with my mouth to
twist the lock closed.  Standing up, I leaned against the door as I let out a
low sigh of relief while silently begging for Cindy's return.

	The VCR was now finished rewinding the tape and had begun to replay its
tape, to my dismay.  The scene playing out on the tape no longer held my
interest as my bladder screamed its discomfort and demanded my attention. 
Luckily, I made my way to the toilet before it decided to punish me for my lack
of attention.  This brought another problem; how could I wipe up without use of
my hands.  I sat on the toilet for a few moments before the idea came to me. 
Using my teeth, I grabbed a towel from the rack and carefully placed it over the
edge of the bathtub.  Straddling the tubs edge I lightly rubbed myself dry. 
This resulted in two effects, one to dry my rather wet pussy and the other to
re-stimulate my already sensitive clit.  Another idea came to me.  I grabbed
another towel from the rack between my teeth, returned to the living room and
placed it over one arm of the couch just as I did with the bathtub.  Now I would
be able to relieve that sexual tension that has built up deep within me.

	It took a bit of maneuvering on my part, but I did manage to get my
pussy positioned over the towel-covered arm of the couch.  I now had one leg
bent and stretched out over the cushions, the other planted firmly on the floor
beside the couch.  My attention moved to the action unfolding on the screen as I
slowly lowered my needy pussy onto the arm of the couch.  It wasn't long before
the scenes playing out before on the screen had me grinding my pussy into the
couch's arm.  I was soon into my own world of sexual fantasy as I closed my eyes
allowing the sounds from the movie guide me.  I visualized myself as the girl
being dominated by the 'Amazon', my hands restrained and my ankles straps
holding my legs wide.  I could feel the flogger sensually stroking against my
body as clamps squeezed my sensitive nipples.  Every time I reached the brink of
orgasm, I would deny myself as I heard the girl in the movie beg to be 'allowed
to cum'.  I felt like I took on her persona, denying myself, begging myself for
release.  Finally I could not take anymore and allowed myself to go over the
edge sending the most intense orgasm I had ever felt wrack my mind and body. 
Close to unconsciousness, I saw the door open and Cindy walk through.

	My eyes shot open greeted by empty blackness, my body soaked in sweat. 
I was lost in my black universe, turning my head looking for light to find none. 
Slowly I realized I was back in my hanging cage still surrounded by the
lightless cell.  Did I sleep and dream or was I simply lost in a past fantasy. 
My mind was swimming in confusion as I tried to come to grips with my new world. 
I couldn't shake my desire for sexual contact, my pussy's juices flowing freely
down over my asshole before pooling on the bottom of the cage and covering my
ass cheeks.  I must surely have gone insane as I craved sexual contact of any
kind, whether from a man, a woman or inanimate object.  Unable to satisfy
myself, my legs splayed wide, I soon found myself begging aloud for sexual
contact.  My voice reverberated off the walls of the cells knowing that someone
must be listening for my ultimate surrender.  Still part of my mind could not
believe the words that it heard as I plead to be subjected to their will, if
only they would grant me my wish.

	My pleas fell on deaf ears as my voice grew hoarse and tears flowed
freely from my eyes down the side of my head, filling my ears and dulling the
sound.  Exhaustion overcame me; my mind began to drift once again and I soon
found myself back in my college apartment with Cindy.  Cindy explained how she
had checked out our bags the night before and decided to take advantage of the
situation.  Being a Psychology major and having a bondage fetish, she decided to
do a little experiment on her own.  She felt I would make a perfect subject as
she felt I had a leaning towards the BDSM lifestyle.  She had removed the simple
drawstrings from the fabric bags and glued on the straps, with d-rings, and
added the lock to the bag.  The movie was one that she had kept from one of her
previous boyfriends and wanted to find out what my reactions would be to it. 
She was confident that I would find it rather stimulating scenario considering
the fantasies that I had confided to her.

	Over the next couple of years, Cindy's true submissive nature became
obvious to me as she constantly begged me to use her restraint collection on
her.  Though I found it rather stimulating to bind her in the varying positions
she requested, I found myself wanting to re-experience those helpless, erotic
feelings.  I experienced the most intense orgasm of my young life that day Cindy
left me alone and handcuffed in our apartment with the bondage movie playing out
before me.  I'm embarrassed to admit my true submissive nature considering how I
always portrayed myself as a confident, self-assured person, always in control
of my life.  We played our bondage games, alone in the safety of our apartment,
soon taking turns dominating the other with the use of cuffs and chains.  Even
though we experimented with lesbian sex, we both had to admit that we preferred
the company of men.  We both found it extremely exciting being bound to our beds
and helpless until the other decided release them.  Upon reflection, I can see
now that Cindy controlled our games and I merely followed Cindy's orders.

	I now realize that Cindy controlled me completely outside of my studies. 
My wardrobe changed dramatically.  When we went shopping, Cindy would always
ensure that I picked tighter, more revealing clothing.  She constantly worked at
trying to get me to buy shoes with higher heels but I always steadfastly refused
but compromised when I bought some four-inch heels (only because of their
delicious ankle straps).  My social life changed for the best under Cindy's
tutelage as the weekends would find us at many of the clubs that surrounded the
university.  We both fell into a schedule that allowed for studies while most
weekends were for fun.  I was able to keep my grades high and helped Cindy raise
her own over the time we lived together.  We were never wanting for male
companionship but also always enjoyed our occasional bondage induced liaisons
together.  We gained reputations of being a little on the wild side as stories
of our liking for bondage games spread.  No one seemed to look down on us but
rather found ourselves approached by many of the other students (mostly girls)
wanting more information on the lure of bondage.

	All good things seem to have to end.  Graduation day was approaching and
Cindy and I were destined to go in different directions.  I was graduating at
the top of my marketing class, receiving a scholarship offer to continue my
studies and go for a MBA.  Cindy was planning to take her psychology degree,
with her improved grades, to the west coast and make a life for herself.  It
would be hard to see such a good friend leave but we promised to keep in touch
and try to get together as often as we could.  However, we still had one last
opportunity to have a final blast together.  Cindy suggested that we buy new
outfits for the graduation parties that were coming up and I was more than
pleased to put myself in the hands of my good friend.  I wasn't quite sure we
would be able to find anything suitable so close to graduation day but Cindy
assured me that she knew of a shop that would be able to help us.

	Cindy drove us to a shop that we had gone to a couple times before and
assured me that the manager would be able to supply us with all we needed.  It
wasn't long after we arrived in the shop that a statuesque young woman
approached exquisitely dressed in a tight leather skirt that came to mid thigh. 
Her long, shapely legs encased in glimmering black hose while her feet were
seductively strapped into the same four-inch heels that I wore.  Her black satin
blouse shimmered in the lights as she moved, its well-tailored cut hinting at
her flat stomach and well rounded firm breasts.  I could tell she wore no bra by
the delicious way her breasts swayed and the slight outline of her nipples
against the fabric.  Her face was made-up impeccably accenting her full lips,
high cheekbones and piercing pale blue eyes made even more pronounced by jet
black hair framing her face.  She extended her hand and greeted Cindy with a
smile then turning to me took my hand in hers and introduced herself as Stacy,
the store's manager.

	Stacy led us around her store, stopping to load up my arms with
different accessories, ignoring any of the many outfits that were available.  I
finally had to stop her and ask about finding an outfit before choosing the
accents.  She turned to face me with a broad smile and informed me that she had
already taken the liberty to pick out my outfit and it was waiting for me in the
fitting room.  That's when I found out that Cindy had already arranged my
shopping trip beforehand with Stacy.  A couple of days previous she picked up
her outfit and supplied all the necessary measurements for my outfit.

	They led me to the back of the store and into a locked fitting room
before leaving me to change into my new outfit.  There I found a long black
evening gown, made from a thin slinky fabric as light as feathers hanging by its
spaghetti straps.  I lifted it in my hands, feeling the silky material in my
hands, watching it glimmer in the lights like a thousand stars against a
blackened sky.  I felt my body tingle as I caressed this dress imagining how it
would feel against my warm skin.  Turning it around I saw the thin straps
criss-crossing the open back and the slits up both sides that ran almost to the
hips.  I fell in love with this gown, I had to have it, and then my heart was
broken when I saw the price tag.  There was no way I could afford to buy this
gown but decided to try it on anyway to see how I looked in it just this once.

	I stripped down to my underwear and realized that I would not be able to
wear a bra with this gown, so removed that as well.  I pulled on the hose that
Stacy had selected for me and found their shimmering texture stimulating on my
legs, their wide lacy tops riding to the tops of my thighs.  I then noticed the
tiny thong Stacy had selected for me.  I held the tiny piece of fabric in my
hands for several moments before realizing I was holding a g-string that
appeared excessively small to be of any use.  I simply shrugged, removed my
panties and pulled on this tiny piece of fabric.  Once positioned properly, the
small triangle of fabric formed perfectly over my mons, cupping it seductively
in its silken palm.  Its thin strings pulled the fabric triangle tightly against
my tingling pussy as they rode over my hips, joining at the small of my back
before disappearing deeply into the crack of my ass.  I was amazed at how
sensual this g-string felt without being uncomfortable.  I stepped into my heels
before stepping in front of the mirror to ensure my undergarments were straight
and proper.  I flushed with excitement, my nipples now large and erect, as I
took in my exotic new look.

		The gown came next as my shaking hands carefully removed it from
its hanger before lifting it over my head and allowing it to slowly flow down my
body.  I needed to give it a tug over my breasts as the cut fit snuggly to my
stomach, waist and hips.  Smoothing the gown down, it flowed over my butt,
seductively clinging to my legs.  I walked in front of the large mirrored wall
of the fitting room watching the side slits brush open just enough to sensuously
expose my well-toned legs, showing a little of the lace tops of my stockings. 
Its open back, save for the crossing straps, came to just above the cleavage of
my ass.  I needed to get this gown but money was a problem.  I knew I could call
my parents and they would eagerly pay for the gown but I always wanted to do it
on my own, without their help, to prove to myself how independent I was.  I
wasn't quite sure how I was going to do it but I knew that I would find some way
to have this gown for next week's graduation.  That's when it came to me; I
could work off the difference between the price and how much money I could
afford to spend.

	The door to the fitting room opened and in walked Cindy and Stacy to
inspect their latest 'creation'.  They both pulled at and smoothed down my gown
while gushing at how sexy I looked, how men would be putty in my hands.  Stacy
looked down at my feet and slowly shook her head while tsk tsking her obvious
disapproval with my footwear.  Without another word, Stacy turned and left Cindy
and me in the fitting room.  Cindy continued to smooth my gown in a rather bold
manner, running her hands lightly over my breasts, ass and legs.  Never once did
I protest, as my sensitive body tingled from her sensual caresses.  All I seemed
to worry about was how I could afford such an expensive, exotic garment.  Cindy
lightly placed a finger to my lips to silence me.  She reassured me that Stacy
always found a way for her 'good customers' to afford her creations.

	My knees were close to buckling when the door opened and Stacy
re-entered the fitting room.  My current condition already ensured that I would
have to purchase the g-string I was wearing and most likely the stockings as
well.  Stacy held out a pair of heels and ordered me to put them on.  Their
heels must have been at least five-inches high.  I tried to explain how I found
heels that high painful and difficult to walk in.  She would have none of that
as she pushed the shoes at me pointing for me to sit on the stool in the room. 
Confused, I sat back on the stool with the shoes in hand, as both Stacy and
Cindy knelt before me.  They pulled my shoes from my feet before taking these
new shoes from me and slipping my feet into them.  I must admit they made my
feet look exquisite.  The gleaming leather of the shoes felt kid soft against my
feet.  A half-inch strap held the toes secure while quarter-inch straps
criss-crossed over the top of my foot connecting to a tongue running up and over
the heel.  One-inch wide straps buckled tightly around my ankles to hold the
heel tongues against the back of my feet.  The feel of having the straps wrapped
tightly around my ankles sent a tingling chill up my legs to my pussy.

	Cindy and Stacy took hold of each of my hands, helping me to my feet,
surprising me with the comfort these shoes afforded.  The short platforms
cushioned the balls of my feet while helping to hold my feet stable within the
shoes.  I walked around the small room, watching myself in the mirrors, gaining
confidence walking on these unaccustomed high heels.  Cindy produced two wide,
black (with a lovely pearl finish) bracelets from the pile of accessories and
latched them around my wrists.  A matching choker, with a pretty cameo hiding
the locking mechanism, followed.  I stood before the mirrors admiring the full
effect and thought how sexy and inviting I looked.  Stacy stood behind me,
looking over my shoulder as she made minute adjustments to my outfit.  She also
took liberties with my stimulated body as her hands lightly brushed over my
erect nipples.  My mind seemed muddled as an almost inaudible moan escaped my
lips.

	  Stacy remained behind me with her hands resting lightly on my hips as
she quietly whispered into my ear.  Her warm, moist breath on my naked neck sent
another tingle through my body as she explained her terms of payment.  She
required only two services from me in return for my complete outfit.  The first
was that I would promise to ensure everyone I talked to at the graduation
festivities knew where I 'bought' my outfit.  The second service I would be
performing for her that very day in the store.  Stacy did not bother to
elaborate, only turned and gathered up everything before leaving the fitting
room.  I figured she had some work for me to do in her store and decided to wait
for her return.

	Cindy helped me pull the gown up my body and over my head and carefully
put it back onto its hanger.  I now stood half-naked and looked around the
fitting room for the clothes I wore to the store.  They were gone, supposedly
scooped up with the rest of stuff Stacy removed.  Suddenly I felt Cindy's hands
on my wrists as she pulled them behind my back and I heard a 'click'.  My
wrists, now securely locked, held my arms pinned behind my back.  I felt Cindy's
body press against my back as she reached around to cup my bared breasts into
the palms of her hands.  She gently pinched my nipples between her fingers and
thumbs eliciting a moan of pleasure from my mouth.  She seductively whispered
into my ear that I could make as much noise as I wanted as the room was
soundproofed.  I now understood what the second term of the purchase would be.

	A slight pressure by Cindy on my shoulders guided me down to my knees as
I felt desire wash over me.  I found myself unable to resist Cindy as the
overpowering eroticism of restraint filled me with a need I could not deny. 
Cindy only added to my submissiveness by latching my ankles together sending
another tingle to my pussy.  I felt my clit begin to grow as my pussy juices
flowed freely.  Stacy silently re-entered the room and allowed her skirt to slip
to the floor.  She stepped in front of me before pushing my head backwards to
look into my lust filled eyes as she flashed a greedy smile at me.  Lifting a
heeled foot onto a small stool, she exposed her clean-shaven, glistening pussy
to me.  Cindy knelt down behind me, forcing my legs wide before reclaiming her
hold on my breasts to tease my sensitive erect nipples.  Payment was now due and
if I had any doubt about the currency that soon disappeared.  Stacy grabbed hold
of my hair pulling my head towards her smooth, naked pussy.  This, by far, was
not the first time I found myself facing another woman's pussy but never having
just met her an hour previous, let alone in the fitting room of a store.  It was
comforting to know Cindy was there; more so, because of the constant stimulation
she now applied to my sensitive nipples and well juiced pussy.

	It was obvious what state of mind Stacy had when she entered the room. 
Within minutes, I had her moaning loudly as she ground my face to her crotch,
her hips bucking her pussy against my mouth and onto my tongue. She was not the
only one to enjoy a major climax as Cindy managed to work me into a frenzied
orgasm as well.  Pussy juices now covered both sets of my lips as Stacy released
my head and slumped against the wall behind her.  I remained kneeing on the
floor, my head bobbing, as my pussy twitched from the afterglow of orgasm.  Once
Stacy's breathing returned to normal, she put her skirt back on and left the
fitting room.  No sooner was she through the door that Cindy took up Stacy's
previous position and availed herself of my tongues charms.

	My tongue made short work of Cindy's pussy and clit as I brought her to
a screaming orgasm in only minutes.  Cindy had just slumped against the wall
when Stacy returned carrying a towel and my clothes.  She silently gathered up
my new dress and left to wrap it up for me.  Cindy gathered her wits about her
and released my wrists and ankles to allow me to wipe up the pussy juices that
now coated my face, chest and crotch.  Cindy allowed me only my skirt and thin
crop top, refusing me the shoes I had worn to the store and my bra.  She thought
it better that I received practice wearing my new things in public.  I had no
choice but to agree with her but found having my ankles, wrists and neck tightly
wrapped made me feel so sexy.

	Cindy and I took several minutes in front of the fitting room's mirror
to redo our smeared make-up.  That is when I noticed how my dark, bare areoles
and nipples showed through the material of my top.  I forgot how thin the
stretchy material was and begged Cindy to allow me my bra.  She only giggled at
my pleas and told me I needed to get use to it considering I would not be able
to wear a bra with the dress.  I had never been out in public feeling so exposed
and found myself begin to flush as we stepped out into the store.

	We met Stacy at the counter where she handed me my dress and another bag
with some extra stockings and g-strings.  I saw her eyes flash down to my chest
and followed her stare to discover my nipples erect and straining against their
thin covering.  This made me even more self-conscious of my perceived nakedness
causing me to flush once again.  Every step I took in these high heels made my
breasts jiggle invitingly, keeping my nipples erect and poking out.  Cindy
decided, cruelly, that she wanted to do some more shopping and seemed content to
parade me around the mall, walking by every male she could see.  Over time, as
we walked around the mall I became quite accustomed to my new shoes as well as
the attention I was receiving.  I found myself walking just behind Cindy
fantasizing about being lead around by a leash with my hands locked behind me.

	By the time left the mall and reached the car, I felt a tingle
throughout my body and my pussy seemed to twitch with an erotic inch. 
Thankfully, Cindy drove back to our apartment as my mind kept drifting back to
the bizarre events of the day and my mall fantasy, ensuring that I stayed in a
heightened sexual state.  When we returned to our apartment, Cindy had me leave
on the shoes, stockings and g-sting again to get accustomed to their feel. 
After about an hour, I decided I had had enough practice only to have Cindy
produce a pair of handcuffs and have my hands cuffed behind me.  She left me
this way the entire night and I forced to sleep just as I was.  Some of the most
erotic dreams I had ever experienced filled my sleep that night and I awoke to
find my hands free and firmly planted on my soaking pussy.

	As mind cleared of the sexual imagery, I found myself back in the cell
suspended from the ceiling in my cage.  The room seemed hotter filled with musky
smell of sex.  Sweat covered my body mixing with my pussy's juices before
flowing down to tease my sensitive asshole to then pool on the bottom of the
cage.  I must have had an orgasm while I was dreaming about my past life
experiences; it's the only way to explain the quantity of my pussy juices.  I no
longer felt fear or apprehension.  I felt only a deepening desire to have my
body used for the carnal satisfaction of others.  Bound and caged seems so
natural, a deep desire finally being fulfilled.

	My earlier desires for rough sex while being held securely now seemed so
natural.  I had never shared my bondage fantasies, my submissive sexual desires
with any of men in my life.  I was always afraid relinquish control over any
aspect of my life.  I was left wanting; hoping one would come along and take the
initiative.  The bondage games I had played with Cindy, at the time, seemed only
erotic distractions from the stresses of university.  I never gave much thought
to the control that Cindy had taken over my wardrobe and social life.  I
embraced her control, allowing me to concentrate on my studies.  I always felt
that I was in control.  After graduation, Cindy moved out to the west coast to
begin her adult life, I remained to enter graduate school and work towards my
MBA.

	I learned that summer about the trust account that our grandparents
setup when we were born.  It was now time to pay my fund out to me as I reached
the conditions of 21 years and graduation.  I sat stunned as my parents handed
me the statement to see the balance at just under $300,000.  That didn't even
include the other approximately $200,000 invested elsewhere.  All financial
worries of continuing my education and the fear of going out into the world on
my own quickly disappeared.  I kept my job with the marketing company throughout
the summer even working with them part-time during the school year.  The
practical experience of putting the educational theory to work helped me in both
aspects of my education.  I was able to remain at the top of my class while
becoming a valuable asset for the company.  This left little time for
socialization; as a result, I never managed to form another close friendship
while at university.  I didn't turn into a hermit either, but I was choosy about
when and with whom I would go out.  Once again, I controlled my life without
outside influences, or so I thought.

	The company I had been working for all during my university years
surprised me with a contract offer months before my impending graduation from
the MBA program.  The contract was a lucrative one with a company that was
expanding giving me many opportunities for advancement.  I quickly agreed and
set about finding a house to buy.  My life almost felt like a fairy-tale come
true but I soon found that I had to work that much harder to prove myself to
those around me.  I was in control of my destiny but I always felt something
missing and would always think back to those years with Cindy.  We had promised
to keep in touch but now our only contact was a Christmas card and e-mail on
birthdays.  My social life became almost non-existent as I strove to reach the
top at the company.  It seemed most of the men and some of the women at the
company were afraid of me (some actually thought I was sleeping with one of the
partners).

	It was two years ago that I met Veronica for the first time when I
decided to join her gym.  It wasn't the best first contact as I was quite upset
at having to wait for my initial evaluation because the trainer was late.  I was
ready to walk out and go elsewhere before Veronica calmed me down.  She offered
to personally put together my program and become my personal trainer.  Having
the owner personally serve me played right to my facade of the controlling
bitch.  It wasn't long before Veronica broke through my pretense and had me
eating out of hand.  I became putty in her hands, she molded me like an artist
much as Cindy had done in university; however with much more skill.

	Again, my conservative, business-like wardrobe began to take on a more
daring flavour.  Powerful, confident businesswoman by day, Barbie doll sexpot by
night.  Veronica had me going out to clubs showing off the firm, toned body that
she relentlessly had me work on.  We quickly became the best of friends, almost
inseparable outside of our working lives.  We shared everything together.  I
told her about Cindy and my bondage games that we played in university; I shared
my erotic fantasies and the intense orgasms I would achieve while being
controlled during sex.  She shared some of her experiences with me also but they
tended to be more controlling than being controlled.  Needlessly to say it
wasn't long before I found myself bound and controlled by Veronica as we played
together.  Unlike with Cindy these games soon took on a more sexual tone.

	Veronica enjoyed having me spend the odd weekend in various stages of
dress (or should I say undress) with my wrists and ankles linked by chains, a
collar around my neck, while serving her as a maid.  As time went on, she would
become bolder with her touching and caressing my body.  Initially I would
protest feebly only to be ignored.  I could not hide the erotic desires that
Veronica brought out from deep within me.  Her attire began to change also,
taking on a much darker dominant look.  She slowly began to wear kinkier outfits
until she was showing up wearing a tight leather bustier and mini-skirt with
thigh-high boots complete with tall stiletto heels.  Her outfit of choice, for
our little games, always came accessorized with a studded collar, leather opera
gloves and a wide belt around her waist with a riding crop hooked to the side,
gently slapping against her tall boots.

   	The first night I saw her whole ensemble, I began giggling nervously,
Veronica re-assured me that it was all just part of our games. I wore, as per
her instructions, only a pair of sheer black thigh-high stay-ups, skimpy little
g-string and a pair of black pumps with modest 3-inch heels.  Veronica locked on
a pair of wide leather cuffs and leather collar, neglecting my ankles (which,
strangely, made me feel naked) as soon as she arrived.  We played out our normal
scenario, me serving Veronica her dinner before sitting down to join her.  After
dinner, she sat in the living room listening to music, sipping her wine, while I
cleaned up before joining her.  Normally we would talk and exchange our
thoughts, histories and fantasies; however, this night would be different.

  	She seemed much more interested in my stories about the years Cindy and
I spent together.  She kept pressing for more detail as the wine flowed freely. 
I felt quite light-headed as the evening progressed, the wine loosening my
tongue as I went deeper into the details about all times Cindy and I shared. 
Now I was not only relating the stories but also opening up my soul and giving
Veronica an insight into my feelings and desires.  I found myself flushed with
desire as I related the most intimate details of my life before and with Cindy. 
Veronica was now lightly caressing my body adding to the sensual tingle running
through my body and mind.  I was finding it much harder to concentrate as my
monologue became fragmented.  Veronica sensing this placed a single finger
against my lips to silence me.  She stood and reached around the sofa to pull
out a bag, which she handed to me.  Looking inside the bag, I found the same
shoes that Cindy had me buy so many years ago.  My puzzled look only served to
encourage Veronica as she stood over me and sternly told me to put them on while
absent-mindedly toying with the riding crop hanging at her side.

	Relenting I removed the shoes I was wearing and slipped my feet into
these 5-inch heels.  As I wrapped the wide straps around my ankles, securely
buckling them, a warm tingle surged up my legs causing my moist pussy to twitch. 
Veronica reached into the bag and pulled out two small padlocks, handing them to
me gesturing to the shoes with her crop.  I sighed gently as I reached down and
applied the locks to the small rings that would ensure the shoes stayed on my
feet until Veronica decided to unlock them.  Veronica then told me to stand and
take a tour around the room so she could see how I looked in my heels.  It had
been quite a while since I had worn heels this tall so it took a few minutes for
me to get use to them (sort of like riding a bicycle).  Veronica sat watching me
walk around in my sexy attire with a mischievous smile on her face as I saw her
face flush red.

	Veronica, now satisfied with my parading, ordered me to move the coffee
table out from in front of the sofa before using her crop to show me where to
stand.  She turned me around and locked my wrists together behind my back; she
pressed herself against my back.  My cuffed hands rested against her warm pussy
as she reached around to cup my breasts in her palms, teasing my nipples to full
erection between her fingers.  I felt her warm breath on my neck before she
whispered into my ear how tonight would be a beginning.  I felt my knees grow
weak as I melted back into her and found my bound hands and fingers,
instinctively, begin to probe her hot inviting pussy.  Her low sensual moans
mingled with my own as we stood there, our bodies pressed lovely back-to-front. 
She reached one hand down to cup my tingling moist pussy before massaging it
through the thin fabric cover.

	Veronica's manipulations suddenly stopped as she grabbed hold of the
straps of my g-string and pulled them down my legs before discarding them onto
the sofa.  I could feel her hot breath on my ass as her fingers lightly ran up
the insides of my legs to just below my desperate pussy.  I instinctively tried
to spread my legs wide, to accommodate the sensual touch, only to have
Veronica's knees hold me feet at about six inches.  I wantonly bent forward to
keep my balance as I spread my knees as wide as possible hoping to feel her
fingers playing on my hot, twitching pussy.  I was left wanting and frustrated. 
Veronica removed her hands from me to reach back into the bag and pull out a
small chain that she connected to the locks around my ankles.

	Veronica stood behind me and grabbed hold of my shoulders to push me
down to my knees.  She moved around to stand before me with her crop in one hand
and the TV remote in the other.  Using her crop, she directed me to spread my
knees wide until she was satisfied before using its wide leather tongue to tease
my already sensitive pussy.  I felt myself swoon as she continued to manipulate
my pussy as the TV screen flickered to life.  It was the same movie that led to
Cindy and my secret lifestyle at university.  Veronica returned to the sofa,
taking a seat directly behind me, her legs now splayed to each side of me.  The
whole time the movie played out she would use her crop to tease my body,
caressing my inner thighs, toying with my clit and brushing my nipples.  By the
time the movie was an hour in I found myself begging for release (something I
had never done before) only to have Veronica tell me I was not ready.

	Veronica finally relented, promising relieve but only if I could prove
myself worthy.  I was confused until she came around to sit on the edge of the
coffee table in front of me; her legs splayed wide exposing her wet swollen
pussy.  I did not need further explanation, having been in this position before.
I knew what Veronica expected from me and I was more than eager to comply.  One
sniff of her musky, sweet nectar drove my mind into a lust-filled frenzy as I
bent forward to bury my tongue into her juicy pussy.  I licked at her pussy like
a starving cat, burying my tongue deep into her canal to scoop out her juices
while alternatively sucking on her engorged clit.

	The whole room filled with the sounds of unbridled sexual abandon as
Veronica moaned in ecstasy.  She had a firm hold of my head pulling me tightly
into her sopping pussy, smothering my own groans as I lapped enthusiastically at
her pussy and clit.  Veronica encouraged me by rubbing my engorged, sensitive
clit and juicy pussy with the tongue of her crop.  The higher her sexual arousal
got, the harder she would rub my sex bring me closer and closer to orgasm.  I
soon found it harder to concentrate on my lapping at her sex as my body shook
with the approach of my own orgasm.  As my tongue slowed its manipulation of her
clit the crop was removed from my tingling clit only to be brought down on my
bare ass cheek.  I tried to lift my head from Veronica's crotch, only to have
her hold my head fast, as a yelped escaped from my lips caused by the sudden
stinging on my ass cheek.  The second sting to my other cheek quickly reminded
me of duty as I enthusiastically continued my lapping at her pussy.  She now
returned the crop to my desperate pussy bringing me to a body rocking orgasm as
my tongue reciprocated in kind to her pussy.  I felt her body convulse as her
legs pulled me in tighter to her sex, her thighs clamping tightly onto my head.

	My mind was now swimming in sexual desire, as I lay bound in my cage. 
These images of my sexual past flowed through my mind as torrent river.  I could
no longer focus on where I was or how long I had been there.  What day was it? 
Was it day or night?  Before, I always felt I was in control no matter who
thought they were controlling me.  It was always my choice to be controlled, or
was it?  This felt right, being held captive, to be used for the pleasure of
others.  This I knew I needed but I still had my other life to live.  I am a
slut, desiring, no needing, and the sexual exploitation from both men and women. 
I need to be controlled; I crave the feeling of restraints holding me tightly
and the sting of correction   I now realized that I would have to follow through
with my month of sexual slavery that Veronica has planned for me just to satisfy
my curiosity.

	How long have I been here?  What other scenarios did Veronica and
Francesco have planned for me to endure bidding?  Will I be able to return to my
life after they are finished with me?  Will they allow me to return?  My mind is
showing its bewilderment and disorientation.  How long can I endure this
constant state of sexual arousal?  Is this the lifestyle I so desperately
desire?  So many questions, so few answers.  I need to endure my month in order
to get my answers.



TARA'S ADVENTURES   
CHAPTER 6   
TRAINING &ndash; PART
      2   
 The hot, humid air seemed to fill with a sickening sweet scent leaving a
  bitter aftertaste in my mouth. My mind felt muddled as a strange tingle spread
  over my bound and exposed body. The cage seemed to melt away leaving with the
  feeling that I was floating freely in space. A dark abyss encircled me; the
  only sound that of my shallow rapid breathing and pumping heart. A light mist
  lazily drifted down to envelope my heated body. My body cooled ever so slightly,
  my skin left with a thin layer of slippery moisture teasing at my every nerve.  
 I jerked at the feel of multiple hands caressing my body, rubbing the slippery
  moisture over me sensitive skin, ensuring a smooth even coating. I could not
  remember being taken from my imprisoning cage. Could this just be another of
  a long series of erotic fantasy playing out in my mind? My legs now spread
  wide, my ankles firmly secured into new manacles some three feet wide. I felt
  my legs pushed back forcing my knees towards my chest exposing my naked pussy
  and ass. My wrists also well manacled, stretched out from my body at shoulder
  height slightly bent at the elbow. My body now lay flat with arms and legs
  slightly higher, tight straps around my waist and below my breasts holding
  me firm to my support. A band across my forehead held my head securely to a
  padded rest, cradling my head softly. The room remained silent as the suppressive
  blackness held me helpless in its clutches. The hot, humid air had a slightly
  musty tang to it, giving my new world the feeling of some exotic tropical land
  born out of my fantasies.  
 A sharp pain in my left breast caught me by surprise as I felt something
  attach itself to my stiff nipple. I screamed out but could hear nothing, the
  sound only echoed in my mind. I seemed trapped in some bizarre fantasy world.
  Suddenly another equally sharp pain shot through my right breast, I realized
  that small clamps now encircled my hardened nipples. I frantically and fruitlessly
  tried to wiggle out of my confining restraints only causing my breasts to jiggle
  obscenely. The only effect was to cause the clamps to bite even harder shooting
  more pain through my tortured nipples into my chest. My moans of pain and discomfort
  fell on deaf ears as the pain slowly changed to a dull uncomfortable throb.
  I felt as though I had gone deaf, dumb and blind, my only senses those of taste
  and touch. The only sounds I heard reverberated in my mind, echoing in my lightless
  universe. My moans soon turned to whimpers, tears leaking from my eyes to run
  across my temples into my dampening my hair.  
 Caught in a personal torment, unable to tell if I was living in reality
  or not. What demonic hell had my mind created for me? An answer quickly came
  for me as I felt a warm liquid flow over my exposed pussy, slithering between
  its opened petals before teasingly coating my crinkled bud. I soon felt something
  probing between my slick pussy lips and over my sensitive sphincter muscle
  sending a delicious tingle up my spine. This sensual massage soon had my clit
  poking out firmly from its protective hood begging for attention. My mind filled
  with erotic desires just as I felt something poking at the entrance to my twitching
  pussy. A loud gasp filled my mind as the entrance to my oozing pussy stretched
  open to accommodate the large bulbous head of some phallus. Its veined shaft
  burrowed deep into me, stretching my vaginal wall sending a lustful tingle
  deep into my stomach.  
 No sooner was my pussy deeply filled by this phallus, that I felt two large
  hands take hold of my heaving breasts, teasing and toying with my clamped nipples.
  The pain now mingled with pleasure as I felt myself move closer to sexual nirvana.
  The phallus invading my hungry pussy slowly began to move in and out along
  its entire length sending my mind into a frenzy of sexual desire. The constant
  massaging on my swollen clit and teasing of my sensitive nipples moved me closer
  to edge of my long denied climax.  
 Now trapped in a conflicted world of pain and pleasure, the boundaries quickly
  faded to become one with each other. I found myself gasping heavily as sheer
  ecstasy overcame my entire being, my body straining fruitlessly against the
  restraints. I could hear my own voice, it seemed distant and muffled, begging
  the phallus embedded in my pussy to use me harder and faster. My pleas ignored
  or unheard, as it continued its steady pace, keeping me tortuously close to
  the edge. My body quivered in frustration, unable to do anything to assist
  me in my quest for orgasmic release.  
 Sexual frustration left me babbling incoherently as I felt my sanity begin
  to slip away from me. I barely noticed my head falling back against its support.
  Instinctively my mouth fell open only to have the head of another cock slip
  between my moistened lips to glide into my warm, eager mouth. No sooner was
  it in my mouth than I instinctively clamped my lips tight around its shaft,
  greedily sucking it deeper into my mouth and down my eager throat.  
 My sexual frenzy, now so complete, its passage into my throat didn't even
  illicit the smallest hint of gagging. When I felt a ball sac bump into my forehead
  I released my grip and allowed it to pull back so I could refill my lungs before
  sucking it back into my wanton throat. I suckled this cock hungrily, anticipating
  the hot salty nectar that would soon be filling my eager mouth and throat.
  With every deep stroke into my mouth, the hands on my breasts would squeeze
  my nipple clamps tighter sending another jolt through my body. These sexual
  maestros played me as would a virtuoso play their violin bring me to a slow
  crescendo, leaving me to stare, longingly, over the precipice of erotic release.  
 Strong fingers pulled opened my tightly balled hands, leaving them splayed
  open with palms upwards. I barely noticed as a warm, slippery lotion coated
  my hands to pool in my palms before slowly snaking down my forearms, adding
  yet another sensual tickle to my over stimulated being. My fingers released
  I immediately tried to close my fists again only to find myself gripping two
  more firm, fat cocks. My mind burst into sexual overdrive as these two cocks
  began to stroke through my clenching, lubricated fists. I barely had time to
  absorb this latest sensation when I felt something begin to probe between my
  outstretched ass cheeks. A sensual tingle shot up my spine assaulting my over-stimulated
  mind with even more sexual desires.  
 This cock mercilessly demanded entrance into my tight ass, refusing to retreat.
  My over-lubricated bud proved defenseless against this unrelenting assault
  as the cock's swollen head pushed its way past. My overpowered sphincter quickly
  surrendered to this intruder allowing it to impale steadily deep into my ass.
  A searing pain drove deep into my body as this cock relentlessly stretched
  my internal membrane. Screaming aloud proved impossible, blocked by the cock
  buried into the back of my mouth and down my throat.  
 This painful intrusion now added to my sexual frenzy as the wanton manipulation
  of my body was now complete. I found myself moving towards the orgasm that
  I so desperately needed as all five cocks began to pump me with increased furiousness.
  My entire body seemed covered by a hundred hands as they groped at my sensitive,
  over stimulated flesh. My ass cheeks held firmly and squeezed, my breasts massaged
  and squeezed, clamps pinching my erotically tortured nipples. Calves, thighs,
  arms, stomach and face all caressed sensually. The increased massaging of my
  engorged clit proved to be my ultimate undoing, launching me over my sexual
  precipice soaring into a sexual reality of depravity.  
 The black abyss I found my mind floating in suddenly filled with brightly
  coloured points of light. They flashed randomly over the dark backdrop before
  violently exploding, turning my world into a multi-coloured kaleidoscope. Every
  muscle tightened as my body went rigid causing me to strain against the restraints
  holding me down firmly. My hands clasped tightly around the cocks stroking
  in my fists, only the oily lotion permitted them to slide through my grip.
  I felt my lips, pussy and ass clamp down hard on the cocks thrusting hard into
  my hungry, grateful orifices. I was in the throngs of an ecstasy I had never
  experienced just as they released the clamps from my burning, crimson nipples.
  Blood rushed to my tortured nipples sending waves of searing pain into my heaving
  chest, adding another dimension to my erotic pleasure.  
 I was lost in my sensual rapture, my body convulsing involuntarily, as the
  most intense orgasm of my life flooded over me. Suddenly the cock in my mouth
  seemed to grow as it jerked wildly and hot semen shot down my waiting throat
  filling my mouth with salty jizm. I greedily suckled this cock dry just as
  the two cocks sliding between my fists began to jerk in unison as they sprayed
  their loads onto my heaving breasts and ultra-sensitive nipples. The salty
  goo stung my abused nipples before snaking its way over my breasts sliding
  down my stomach and slithering over the sides of my quivering body. I was quickly
  lost in a delirium of sexual desire as climax after climax washed over my soul
  plunging me into an erotic sexual addiction. Hormones and endorphins raced
  through my blood turning my entire body into one complete sex organ. Every
  touch, every action resulted in triggering yet another climatic release from
  deep with in me.  
 I wasn't sure if I could take much more stimulation and still survive but
  I knew that I didn't what it to ever end. Suddenly I felt the cock boring into
  my hot, sopping pussy start to jerk erratically. The cock impaled deeply into
  my ass followed as they each gave one final deep thrust before pumping me full
  of hot jizm. A loud, muffled moan seemed to escape from my mouth from around
  the wilting cock still planted in my mouth. I thought I would literally explode
  as another massive orgasm flooded through out my entire body. I felt consciousness
  begin to slip away as my mind felt consumed by some strong drug. My body tingled
  from a million nerve endings as even the slightest of touches felt magnified
  tenfold. My mind moved into sensory overload as I felt my sanity slipping away
  from me replaced by a deeply insatiable sexual need.  
 Suddenly the objects of my desires were gone from me. I lay there in my
  blackened universe, soaked in sweat and semen, my body jerking from the spasms
  of erotic afterglow, the taste of salty nectar on my tongue and cum oozing
  out of my lower orifices my only reminders of my sexual bliss. My erotic euphoria
  replaced by a desperate need for more sensual contact as I felt myself begging
  my users to return. The determined, self-assured businesswoman now replaced
  by a wanton slut, nymphomaniac, wanting nothing more than to feel the joys
  of sensual use and the pleasures of erotic torture. My tortured mind registered
  the pheromones that hung thick in the air as my adrenaline fuelled body tried
  desperately to seek out relief against its restraints. Exhaustion quickly overtook
  my mind and body as I felt myself drifting away into my black abyss.  
 My eyes snapped open, my heart pounding, greeted by the suppressive darkness
  that surrounded me. I laid there, my wrists still secured into the small of
  my back, my ankles still locked into the manacles with my knees resting against
  the bars of my cage. Completely disoriented, I could not tell if what I had
  experienced was real or imagined. My body told me it was real but my mind rejected
  it as logic dictated that it must have been a very vivid dream. I now had little
  or no points of reference regarding how long they held me as their prisoner
  nor could I tell what time of day it was.  
 I could only lay here bound and confined completely immersed in my ever-consuming
  lust. Veronica had managed to draw out my true nature, awakening the deviant
  slut that has lurked in the depths of my mind. I now realized my need for others
  to use me for their own pleasure no matter how perverse they might seem to
  the more puritan. I know that I can only gain my own ultimate pleasure when
  others are using my body, and my mind, for their own greedy, perverted purposes
  and pleasures. I surrendered to my primal wanton desires.  
 I lay there reflecting on the reality that Veronica had brought out of me
  as the cell slowly came into focus. The torches on the walls slowly came to
  life, bathing the cell in their dim light, allowing my eyes to become accustomed
  to their gradual shine. The sound of the cell door unlocking and opening filled
  me with the comforting thought that sanity had not abandoned me completely.
  Three shadowy figures stepped through the doorway and strode purposefully towards
  my cage. As they closed in on me, I noticed the familiar face of Veronica followed
  closely by Francesco and Bruno. I felt like I wanted to say something but my
  lust-filled mind couldn't form an intelligent thought. I resigned myself to
  simply lie in my cage watching their approach through glazed over eyes.  
 Veronica stood over me staring into my lust-glazed eyes with a sinister
  grin giving her a devilishly sensual aura. Francesco and Bruno moved to the
  cage door and opened it before reaching in to remove the manacles from around
  my ankles. They reached in and grabbed one leg each sending an erotic tingle
  up my legs to tickle my soaked pussy. A low sensual moan escaped my lips as
  I felt my body begin to quiver with sexual anticipation. They gently lifted
  my legs before sliding my slick body easily out of the cage. Once my lower
  half was out of the cage, they reached in to grab my arms and help me stand
  on my rubbery legs. They turned me to face Veronica, supporting my by my arms
  until I was able to steadying my wobbly legs. My head hung low, a trickle of
  spittle escaping from the corner of my mouth to drip down on my heaving breast.  
 A hand went to the back of my head grabbing my hair to lift my head upright.
  My eyes still glazed over in a fog of lust strained to bring a seated dark
  figure into focus. Squeezing my eyes tightly closed I was able to clear my
  vision enough to make out the figure as being Veronica seated on a strange
  looking low chair. The chair upholstered with what appeared to be black leather
  but its high gloss told me it must be plastic or latex. A pair of stainless
  steel stirrups extended out to the sides, attached to the front corners of
  the chair's shallow seat cushion. The back of the chair sloped back at a forty-five
  degree angle. Veronica sat there silently staring at me with her sultry eyes
  piercing into my soul and turning up my erotic desires another notch. She wore
  a black leather bustier whose quarter cups framed her amble breast leaving
  her erect nipples pointing invitingly ahead. Little nooses encircled each of
  her nipples connected invitingly by a lightweight golden chain. Glancing down
  I saw her bared pussy gleaming with a light coating of dew peaking out from
  between her slightly parted thigh-length patent leather boots.  
 I found myself unable to speak through my erotic fog of arousal as they
  released my wrists and relocked together in front of me. Veronica was now holding
  a crop slightly different from the ones she had used before. It was made of
  the same rich black leather but its tongue split into two like the tongue of
  a snake. She motioned for me to advance towards her and pointed down to the
  floor were I was to kneel before her. Fearing the repercussions, I immediately
  followed her instructions and found myself kneeling only a few feet in front
  of my Mistress. Using her crop, she tapped the inside of my thighs signaling
  me to spread my legs wide. My legs began to quiver as she lightly whipped my
  sensitive wet pussy and engorged clit. All I could do was to kneel there moaning
  with my head bobbing loosely on my neck, as ecstasy began to overtake me.  
 Veronica continued to use the twin tongues of her crop to tease my sensitive
  body only stopping to whip lightly on my firm breasts and hardened nipples.
  I no longer had control over my body and the erotic sensations that rendered
  me speechless. My entire being filled with lustful desire, needing to be fulfilled,
  reducing me to a whimpering slut incoherently begging to be used whatever carnal
  pleasure they craved. I no longer felt control over my life yet felt freedom
  from such thorough domination, always available for whatever perverse sexual
  pleasure they saw fit to gain from me. My body was alive with deep sensual
  desire, wantonly demanding satisfaction. I truly desired to be severely bound,
  punished and raped time and time again. However, the term rape would hardly
  apply to a person who desired it. The idea of being forced helps to keep the
  fantasy alive, adding to the intensity and ultimate fulfillment.  
 My revelry was broken with a quick stroke of Veronica's crop on my ass,
  its twin tongues stinging my tender flesh bringing a yelp from me. The sting
  quickly subsided leaving a dull burn that felt as though snake had truly bit
  into me. Veronica lifted her legs up and into the two stirrups invitingly exposing
  her glistening, bare pussy to me as she used her crop against my other ass
  cheek. I needed no further encouragement as I leaned forward onto my shackled
  hands bringing my pouting lips to her sweet, musky pussy. I kissed her fragrant
  nether lips lovingly, teasing her clit with my moistened lips. Another stroke
  from her crop and an order to get busy told me she wasn't looking for the romantic
  just the pleasure. Licking hungrily at her slit and sucking greedily at her
  engorged clit brought the reward of her sweet juices flooding my face and mouth.  
 Her scent and taste only served to fuel my sexual desires as I wiggled my
  fully exposed pussy and asshole at the two men standing behind me. By now Veronica
  had a solid grip on the back of my head holding my tightly to her juicy pussy
  muffling my voice as I begged to be filled. Arching my back to thrust my butt
  up higher into the air and spreading my legs even wider to expose my hungry
  pussy, I hoped to make my sluttish desires well known.  
 My ploy must have worked as I felt a pair of large hands clamp onto my hips
  as a hard cock slid down between my slick pussy lips to tease my hyper-sensitive
  clit. My whole body began to quake with sexual arousal as my mouth and tongue
  re-doubled its manipulation of Veronica's wet pussy and engorged clit. Lust
  clouded my mind as I desperately worked to trap the cock teasing my clit with
  my pussy's opening. My reward came suddenly as I felt the bulbous head push
  deep into my hungry pussy. I tried to push back onto the thick, veiny phallus
  but Veronica held my head tightly to her pussy as she ground into my face.
  The sweet aroma of her amble juices added to my arousal causing me to moan
  lustfully into her inviting pussy.  
 My carnal desires overpowered me as I felt the girth of the cock plow into
  my pussy, its ball sac bumping into my engorged clit. I swiftly climbed to
  the edge of climax just as Veronica applied her twin-tongued crop to the side
  of my hanging breast, causing a sharp sting to delay my release. I barely heard
  her command to continue with my mouth work or suffer the consequences of my
  lax behavior. I quickly returned to my oral manipulations of her pussy and
  clit as she delivered an equally stinging blow to my other breast. However,
  this second blow only added to my own arousal as I returned to my greedy lapping
  at her savory pussy. The cock plowing into my accommodating pussy began to
  increase its speed, the ball sac slapping into my clit at the end of each stroke.  
 Just as my body began to quiver and shake with my fast approaching orgasm
  Veronica shifted her hips upwards to expose her crinkled bud. Pushing my head
  down, she used her crop on my breasts to encourage my co-operation. I was so
  deep into my sexual frenzy my tongue instinctively began to rim her sphincter
  before pushing inside. The cock driving into me from behind forced my tongue
  deeper into her ass and my nose into her pussy canal as the bridge of nose
  rubbed against her enlarged eager clit. She was now using her crop on me like
  a jockey encouraging their mount in the homestretch. I felt her body begin
  to tense as she pulled my head in tight to her crotch driving me deeper into
  her pussy and ass.  
 My face became soaked in her sweet nectar as her orgasm overcame her triggering
  my own climax. The cock spearing my pussy became more urgent as it sporadically
  bored into my squeezing pussy. I felt one final hard lunge into my pussy as
  the cock began to swell and jerk inside me pumping my receptive canal with
  its hot semen. My mind now swam in deep erotic lust as my body rocking orgasm
  flowed through me. My head now released allowed me to take deep gulps of musk-scented
  air as my own intense orgasm subsided only to feel another begin to build from
  deep within.  
 I moaned longingly as the cock invading my pussy slowly pulled out leaving
  me feel desperately empty. Veronica roughly pushed on my shoulders forcing
  my firm butt cheeks back onto my heels. She lifted her leather-encased legs
  out of the chair's stirrups and stood off to the side of my prone body. I now
  found myself wantonly begging for more, my words coming out as babble. My feeble
  mutterings received a chorus of sarcastic as I tilted my head to the side to
  see only Veronica's gleaming boots. Bruno now occupied this strange chair,
  his semi-erect cock glistening with our juices dangling between his thighs.
  Veronica barked down at me cruelly to clean up my mess, punctuating her command
  with her crop stinging my ass once again.  
 A Whimper escaped my lips as I instinctively reached up with my bound hands
  to guide the glistening cock before me towards my hungry mouth. A flash entered
  my peripheral vision just before Veronica's crop made contact with my rising
  hands bringing a loud shriek from my lips. She reminded me, rather loudly,
  that slut slaves must not make use of their hands unless they were given permission,
  an indiscretion that I would be punished for latter. I quickly brought my stinging
  hands back down to the floor as I leaned forward to take the glistening cock
  into my mouth. Veronica took this opportunity to lay several more strokes from
  her crop against my upturned, exposed ass. The twin tongues of the crop leaving
  behind their burning reminder of my indiscretion.  
 I took the entire length of the flaccid cock into my mouth, running my tongue
  up and around it, savoring every sweet drop of the mixture coating it. It wasn't
  long before I felt it begin to grow inside my mouth expanding towards the back
  of my mouth. A firm hand on the back of my head prevented me from pulling back
  from this hardening cock as it began to probe into my throat. I felt my arousal
  renew and absent-mindedly reached my bound hands between my legs towards my
  aching pussy. Stopped before they could reach their target, my hands were quickly
  unlocked and re-locked behind my back. Veronica 'kindly' informed me that I
  was there for the pleasure of others not for my own pleasure. I had no way
  of responding to my new instructions, as my mouth was quite full of cock. The
  hands holding my head relaxed to allow me to pull my head back to allow me
  to do a much better job of cleaning the cock with my lips and tongue.  
 Suddenly I felt another cock begin to slide its shaft between my pussy lips,
  the ridge of its head teasing my still hardened clit deviously. I soon found
  myself climbing towards sexual nirvana, a cock teasing me at both ends. The
  self-assured, always in control Tara was gone replaced by Tara the slut, the
  sexual slave or should I say slave to the erotic arts. My whole being craved
  my sexual exploitation of any kind, no matter how perverse or depraved. The
  feel of the controlling restraints and the pain applied to my body only served
  to increase the intense pleasures I was receiving from my use. The idea of
  forced sex, rape, added to my lustful desires and the overall erotic nature
  of what was happening to me.  
 I seemed to be in a constant state of sexual arousal. Anticipating the caress
  of the whip as it stings my flesh, the erotic sensations brought on by severe
  bondage. My ultimate reward forced upon me by those that would use my body
  for their own selfish pleasures. The threat of punishment, though filling me
  with dread, was as stimulating as the most sensual foreplay. Never before had
  I thought that I was capable of being such a sexual animal, nothing else seemed
  to matter anymore.  
 A hand, pulling painfully on my hair, lifted my mouth away from the cock
  in my mouth to break my revelry. I must have let my mind wander; Veronica told
  me a severe beating would await me if I didn't improve my technique. Opening
  my lips, I invited the cock back into my mouth and felt my head lowered back
  down onto this rigid member. I felt two large hands grip my hips lifting my
  ass into the air forcing my body forward and the cock deep into my throat.  
 The cock seductively teasing my pussy and clit, now saturated with my juices
  and the jizm seeping out of my pussy, nudged at the entrance to my ass. Its
  slick head pushed insistently at my crinkled bud demanding entrance. My wary
  sphincter quickly gave up the fight allowing the determined cock to stretch
  me open and gain entrance into my tightest hole. A loud gasp from the initial
  pain of entrance escaped from my throat only to have it muffled by the other
  cock thrusting into me. Two large strong hands cupped the back of my thighs
  lifting me off the ground pulling my legs wide as two hairy thighs settling
  in-between. These hands slowly relaxed causing my own body weight to impale
  me fully on the cock invading my ass. The sudden shock of this cock impaling
  my ass caused me to try to kick free, only to have it imbed itself deeper up
  my ass.  
 The hands that had been holding my legs open now switched to my ass cheeks.
  Taking a firm hold of each cheek, they lifted my ass up and down on the well-lubricated
  cock buried into my ass. With my hands cuffed behind my back, I could do little
  to control my situation. Each time the hands on my ass pushed me up the cock
  in my rear the cock in my mouth buried itself into my throat. I now found myself
  alternatively stuffed at both ends by these cocks. Veronica would not be left
  out as she reached her crop underneath me to locate my sopping pussy and engorged
  clit. It took little stimulation of my hypersensitive clit to send me over
  the edge, once again, racking my body with yet another mind-blowing orgasm.  
 No sooner did that orgasm subside as the assaults on my receptive body began
  another building deep within me. My descent into depravity became complete
  as soon as I felt the first kiss of the flogger on my glistening back. Its
  long leather tongues caressed my back and arms with their stinging sensual
  bite before wrapping around to caress my dangling breasts and hardened nipples.
  I screamed in a mixture of pleasure and pain around the cock sliding into my
  hungry mouth and eager throat. I no longer felt an urge to gag as I welcomed
  the sexual intensity of taking a cock deep into my throat, anticipating the
  release of its salty nectar. My screams soon turned back to moans of pleasure
  as the intensity of my treatment had my mind reeling in erotic ecstasy.  
 I now discovered the 'sub-space' of the truly submissive, relishing the
  endorphin high that overtook me. I worked my body, as best I could, back and
  forth between the cocks filling my two orifices, first sucking one deep into
  my mouth before rocking back to impale the other deep into my ass. The flogger
  caressed my body, sensually fueling my wanton lust bringing me to a completely
  different level of consciousness. I now lived in a sexual utopia, craving the
  erotically perverse pleasures of the flesh with the exception of all else,
  my mind driven by the pure lust captivating my entire being.  
 My frenzied lust soon had the two cocks invading me swelling and growing
  firmer as they drove into me with the urgency of impending release. This serves
  to send me over the edge to yet another body shaking orgasm as I suck one cock
  hard into my throat and clamp the other with my twitching sphincter. Simultaneously
  these two cocks explode sending hot jets of their salty nectar into my receptive
  body. I greedily gulp semen down my throat, not wanting to waste any of the
  milky goodness, as my ass muscles work to milk every last drop of cum from
  the cock planted firmly in my bowel. I soon feel the firmness of the cocks
  begin to subside as they slowly pull from within me, leaving me with a terrible
  empty feeling.  
 Time seems to skip a beat as I see, through fog-clouded eyes, two shadowy
  figures leaving my cell. I simply sat back on my heels in an attempt to recover
  from my highly erotic ordeal and catch my breath. My open mouth allows a slight
  trickle of cum to roll down the corner of my mouth, dripping onto my heaving
  breast, while creamy goo oozes out of my stretch asshole. My mind too befuddled
  to formulate any intelligent, non-sexual thoughts let alone words. Veronica
  moved to stand before me, lifting my head with her crop, her stern, dark eyes
  burning into my wantonly depraved soul. A devilish smile came to her face as
  she instructed me to stand and turn away from her. It was a struggle to stand
  with my wrists still securely locked behind me. My fatigued legs struggled
  to push my body upwards as I struggled to keep my balance on my devilishly
  high heels. I nearly toppled twice without as much as a hint of help from my
  sadistic Mistress before me.  
 Once I managed to steady myself on my feet Veronica ordered me to turn so
  she could release my wrists. She then directed my attention to a small table
  that held a pair of shoes, a bag of toiletries and two glasses. Lying on top
  sat a list of instructions and Veronica harshly ordered me to follow them exactly,
  punctuating her order with the sting of her crop. I had exactly one hour to
  accomplish my tasks. With that said she turned, left my cell with the sound
  of her crop slapping against her shimmering leather boot. The clang of barred
  door slamming behind her and the click of the lock reverberated off my cell's
  walls.  
 Knowing Veronica's lack of tolerance for tardiness, I fought through my
  fatigue quickly removing my leather wrist cuffs, collar and shoes placing the
  cuffs and collars on the table. Picking up the instructions, I gave them a
  quick scan, taking note of the first instruction. In front of me sat the two
  glasses filled with what appeared to be the same thick liquid that I drank
  earlier, only this time one was the same green but the other was a deep red
  colour. The instructions told me to drink the green one now and the red one
  once I was finished cleaning up.  
 The contents of the toiletry bag were for use in the shower. I was to properly
  cleanse myself both inside and out according to instruction. Looking closely
  at the items contained in this bag sent shivers up my spine. It wasn't so much
  the douches but Veronica expected me to endure two enemas, she also expected
  them to be self-administered. How much more humiliation could I expect to be
  subjected to?  
 I took the time to read all the instruction all the way through as I drank
  down the sweet, chalky, green liquid. The instructions were quite explicit
  and expected me to cleanse myself thoroughly. The large tube of depilatory
  cream ensured the effective removal of all body hair below my neck. After I
  was cleaned and buffed, I was to apply the make-up left out for me on the vanity
  in the previously instructed manner. After the make-up would come the shoes
  as well as the wrist cuffs and collar. The instructions also guaranteed a severe
  punishment for not passing Veronica's close inspection.  
 Not having the benefit of a clock, I realized I would have to work fast
  if I wanted to avoid Veronica's wrath. Stepping into the shower stall I started
  the water running and began the humiliating task of subjecting myself to two
  self-administered enemas. Multi-tasking took on a completely new meaning for
  me as I bent over and inserted the anal probe into my tender ass. Once I released
  the clip on the tube connecting the probe and bag liquid quickly flowed to
  fill my bowels from the bag hanging high from a hook. I remained bent over
  with my legs spread wide to ensure my bowels filled quickly and used the douches
  to clean out my pussy.  
 I realized I couldn't waste time leaving the shower and simply allowed my
  bowels to empty out into the shower, the brown foul smelling liquid disappearing
  down the drain. The second one was just as uncomfortable but at least the liquid
  expelled this time came out mostly clear with very little odour. Again, I remained
  bent over and took the time to shampoo my hair. After cleaning myself thoroughly,
  both inside and out and exhausted the tube of depilatory cream I stepped out
  of the shower toweling myself off. I reviewed the rest of the instructions
  as I drank down the red liquid. This liquid had a berry flavouring almost sickening
  sweet however, it instantly relieve my hunger while proving to be very refreshing.  
 Collecting up the shoes with their 'surprisingly short' 4-inch heels, I
  made my way to the vanity to apply my make-up. I took a few moments to look
  over the selection of cosmetics laid out for my use. They were all of professional
  theatrical quality designed for long wear under extreme conditions. The colouration
  and textures of the make-up made it obvious that I apply them in the sluttish
  manner that Veronica always seemed to favour. I went to work on my face and
  quickly had that look that I knew Veronica would be satisfied with or so I
  hoped.  
 The face staring back at me from the mirror had that Barbie doll perfection
  to it, though I'm not quite sure they ever marketed 'Slut Barbie'. My face
  took on a dark, sultry appearance that oozed sexuality and an unbridled passionate
  desire. My bright blue eyes well framed with a rich purple shadow which itself
  was outlined in black with long black lashes. My high cheekbones accented with
  rouge gently feathered into my cheeks. Bright red lips full and pouting outlined
  in crimson, their gloss begging for the opportunity to wrap around a stiffened
  cock.  
 After finishing applying my make-up, I leaned over and slipped my feet into
  the shoes provided. These had wide straps with soft lings that wrapped tightly,
  yet comfortably, around my feet just behind my toes, over the top of my feet
  and around the top of my ankle. As with all the other shoes, these cushioned
  the balls of my feet, heel and formed almost perfectly to my soles supporting
  my arches. They also had several d-rings strategically placed around the straps.
  I also noticed the accompanying small padlocks and applied them to the locking
  hasp of the buckles. Standing up and walking back to the table to fetch my
  cuffs and collar, I realized how walking in all these extreme heels has now
  become almost second nature to me.  
 Reaching the table, I picked up the first of the wide leather wrist cuffs
  and started to wrap it around my wrist before a shocking realization came to
  me. I was now doing all these, previously thought as, degrading things to myself
  without having my Mistress standing over me threatening me with her crop. There's
  no trickery, like that first evening, when I thought we were just going out
  to have some fun. Even then, I followed Veronica's every written instruction
  with very little questioning or protest and I didn't even have the threat of
  punishment hanging over me.  
 Staring back into the mirror, I could barely believe the transformation
  I have experienced in such a short time. On the other hand, was it a short
  time? Since that Friday night that I left work to meet Veronica, I have not
  had any real concept of time. Has it been a few days or a week or even longer?
  I don't even know if it is day or night. All I know is that I am now living
  in a completely new world, one that I have absolutely no control over. I am
  now living in a sexual nirvana controlled by lust and desire filled with paradoxes.
  I now feel total freedom while completely controlled by those who would use
  me for their own pleasures. Joy and fulfillment comes from pain while I feel
  the power of complete submission to those who would use me. I am gaining strength
  from my weakness while a heightened consciousness comes with my loss of awareness.
  I now gain my sense of self through losing myself.  
 The sound of the unlocking broke my revelry as I quickly stood to face the
  opening door to my cell. Veronica stepped through and strode silently over
  to the table sitting in the middle of the cell. Using her crop, she directed
  me to an invisible spot three feet in front of her. Fear, insured my quick
  compliance to Veronica's direction as the sound of my clicking heels bounced
  off the cell's walls. I stood straight, chest out, legs together and head bowed
  in submission.  
 Veronica pushed her crop between my legs silently indicating for me to spread
  my legs until they were shoulder width apart. She then walked around behind
  me pulling my hands behind me and pressing my palms together causing me to
  stand straighter with my breast pushed up and out and my back to arch. She
  then pushed down on my shoulders until I was on my knees with my back slightly
  arched and my ass sticking out provocatively behind me.  
 Veronica instructed me that this is how I was to present myself to my Masters
  and Mistresses or face punishment. This order reinforced by the use of her
  crop on my unprotected ass cheeks. I was always to look at their crotches and
  not in their eyes. After all, this is the area that I was ultimately required
  to provide the most satisfaction. She stood in front of me with her legs invitingly
  spread and I looked up into her eyes waiting for further instructions. This
  action resulted in me receiving two quick, yet effective strikes from her crop
  across my breasts. Veronica sternly reminded me where my focus was to be while
  punctuating her instructions with several more assaults on my tender breasts.
  I immediately obeyed as shrieks of pain left my lips and tears formed at the
  corners of my eyes.  
 Veronica moved around behind me and I felt the tip of her crop poke into
  my back between my shoulder blades. She continued the pressure until I bent
  over with my face resting against the cool stone floor, my breasts lighting
  resting on the stone. She told me it was time for my inspection. The question
  in my mind quickly answered as Veronica proceeded to probe my ass and pussy
  with her fingers checking to make sure I properly cleaned myself out. After
  foregoing this humiliating exercise, she lightly runs her hands over my legs
  and around my pussy to ensure that I had removed all hints of stubble. Once
  satisfied that I had followed all of her instructions correctly she ordered
  me to resume my "position of servitude".  
 Veronica allowed me to stand as she circled me slowly, as a vulture circling
  its prey, the whole time lightly caressing my sensitive body. Stopping behind
  me, I felt her lock my wrist cuffs together before pressing her body into mine.
  I felt her breasts press against me, her erect nipples poking into my back.
  Veronica leaned into me as her arms reached around to cup my heaving breasts
  into her palms. My eyes closed as I felt her fingers grasp at my firm, sensitive
  nipples squeezing and rolling them between her fingertips. An erotic charge
  flowed down my spine, sending a tingle through my moistening pussy as she brought
  her moist lips to tease my earlobe and neck.  
 I felt her hot breath on my neck and cheek as her seductively sexy voice
  purred into my ear. Veronica mentioned how pleased she was with my rapid realization
  of my true submissive nature. She whispered how pleased she was that I let
  my inhibitions go, embracing my submissive side allowing the long suppressed
  slut to come to the forefront. She was a little disappointed with my quick
  transition, as she had looked forward to enjoying a much longer training period
  to break down my false defenses. She now looked forward to being able to enjoy
  her new slut and sex slave for the remainder of my stay.  
 One of Veronica's hands left my breast before returning to attach a leash
  onto my collar. She whispered hauntingly into my ear how she will be enjoying
  playing with me, as well as serving me up to others for their own perverse
  pleasures. Clasping the leash in her hand, she moved to stand in front of me.
  Her seductively sinister eyes seemed to bore into my very being as she told
  me how I would soon be fulfilling not only my erotic fantasies but also those
  of many others. From this point on my body and soul belonged to Francesco,
  Bruno and herself to be used anyway they felt. I was not to worry about my
  safety; they would ensure that no permanent damage would come to their most
  valuable property.  
 TARA'S ADVENTURES   
CHAPTER 7 
THE TOUR 
 
 Veronica lead my out of my cell by the leash clasped to my collar telling
  me that we were going to take a little tour of the facilities. I was to be
  introduced to what would be expected from me during my stay and any protests
  would simply earn me additional punishments. With a menacing giggle, she expressed
  her desire for my objections to come frequently, allowing her many opportunities
  to enjoy a little extra-curricular activity.  
 Our first stop was a short distance down the dimly lit corridor. Veronica
  guided me into a rather large, brightly lit room. As I stood peering around
  this room, noticing how much it reminded me of Veronica's own gym back in town.
  However, each piece of equipment sport some sort of modification whose purpose
  was not quite clear to me now, no doubt that I would soon be finding out. This
  apparatus ran up each sidewall, which was covered, floor to ceiling, with mirrors,
  as were the end wall.  
 Veronica led me over to the center of this gym covered with thickly padded
  mats, which had a tall central bar, not unlike a dancer' bar, running down
  its length. As she released my wrists from behind my back, she explained that
  I would be seeing a lot of this room. She would be continuing my physical training
  and conditioning program here but at a much more intense level. She wanted
  to ensure I was at my strongest and most flexible self so I could perform my
  duties up to her exacting standards. I knew that my years of training gave
  me a strong firm body with a great range of motion but Veronica's plans were
  to push me ever farther.  
 Her first instructions on this tour were stay with me, as would the others
  that she gave me over this orientation tour.  
 "It is not enough just to be flexible," she began with an authoritative
  tone, "endurance is even more important. You will be expected to endure long
  hours in some very uncomfortable positions. Here we will train your body to
  have the strength, flexibility and endurance that we required. You will be
  put through your paces here completely naked except for your footwear."  
 That is when I made my first mistake by questioning the footwear chosen
  for me to work out. A menacing scowl came to Veronica's face as she stepped
  closer to me crop in hand. She stood silently glaring at me while tapping her
  crop noisily against her leather-encased leg. I found myself nervously shifting
  on my feet as the gloom of my impending punishment filled me. I could no longer
  face my angry Mistress as her harsh glare caused me to tremble, submissively
  bowing my head. Standing in nervous anticipation, I tried to brace myself for
  the sting her crop would inflict. However, no painful sting came, only a restrained
  angry tone as she responded to my misguided defiance.  
 "You will also be doing most of your training in heels," she hissed in my
  face, "to train you to perform properly while wearing them. I already know
  that you have great balance and flexibility, thanks to my diligence with you
  over the past two years. However you will now be required to show these same
  talents while wear your heels and others even taller. It is not for you to
  question any decisions that we make, only happily obey without reservation.
  For your indiscretion, you have earned further punishment, which I will relish
  in applying later. We must keep our focus while we run you through your new
  training regimen and wait until later for pleasurable pastimes."  
 With that said Veronica quickly led me over to the center of the gym to
  begin taking me through my stretching and balancing exercises. I had always
  prided myself on my flexibility, being able to perform any splits easily, bending
  over double and bending over backwards to grab hold of my ankles. What I wasn't
  prepared for was how long Veronica would want me to hold these poses while
  wearing these high heels. It was now that Veronica took great joy introducing
  me to an arm binder for the first time. She took great delight slipping my
  unsuspecting arms into its conical sleeve and pulling the straps tightly together
  until my elbows touched behind my back. Screaming, I begged her to stop, I
  felt sure that my shoulders would soon dislocate. The only response I received
  was a sarcastic huff and stinging blow from her crop to my bare leg as she
  fastened the last buckle closed. She quickly stifled my protests, asking me
  if I desired a more severe punishment.  
 Could she not understand the punishment she was putting me through already?
  I was sure that my arms would pop out of my shoulder sockets at any moment.
  Once finished, I became surprised how quickly the pain subsided as my arms
  and shoulders quickly became accustomed to strain, it almost felt pleasurable.
  Guiding me over to the dancer's bar, Veronica lifted one of my legs up hooking
  my foot over the high bar. I was to stand there, legs straight and balance
  on one high-heeled foot without the aid of my arms for balance. The strain
  on my one standing leg, particularly my ankle, was almost unbearable as I struggled
  to keep myself straight and upright. Veronica had me repeat this with the other
  leg the whole time encouraging me to endure, ensuring me that failure would
  result in much more painful punishment.  
 By the time Veronica released me from my arm binder, I had no idea how long
  she had put me through these exercises but it seemed like hours since we started.
  Every muscle, tendon and ligament in my body burned from the strain. Veronica
  handed me another glass of the red liquid and some water allowing me a few
  moment to recuperate. I couldn't believe how quickly I recovered from my ordeal,
  even felling a little rush of euphoria as I replenished my fluids.  
 My rest period was short lived as Veronica roughly grabbed one of my arms,
  forcing me over towards one of the exercise machines. As I moved closer to
  the machines I could see several straps and manacles attached, obviously designed
  to ensure the intended victim stayed connected to for the duration of their
  program. There also seemed to be some added features to each machine whose
  purpose I was sure to discover in due course.  
 The first machine was a bench press, Veronica ordered me to lie down on
  the bench and remain as she began to apply the straps. Once finished, she had
  my hands strapped to the bar above me; I had no choice but to hold onto the
  bar. The bench beneath me supported my body but left my ass and pussy exposed
  at its end. Veronica pulled my legs wide, latching short chains to the ankle
  straps of my shoes ensuring my legs stayed splayed. Next, she strapped a wide
  spreader bar between and just below my knees, effectively immobilizing my legs
  and leaving both my pussy and asshole fully open and exposed. She wrapped two
  other wide straps around my body across my hips and just under my breasts leaving
  my entire body immobile. Another strap secured tightly over my forehead held
  my head pinned to the bench.  
 I could do nothing but stare at the mirrored ceiling of this devilish gym
  as Veronica released the pins holding the bar. The unexpected weight on the
  bar forced me to allow it to travel down its supports until it reached its
  bottom stops. Its oppressive weight held my arms down, bent at the elbows,
  as I struggled fruitlessly to push it upwards. This machine now held me truly
  captive.  
 Veronica moved back down to the end of this bench and I could hear her fiddling
  with something. Without warning, I felt something cool and greasy begin to
  probe at my now overly sensitive pussy. I could not control myself as a sigh
  of desire escaped my lips and my eyes fluttered with delicious passion. Suddenly,
  I felt a thick, hard probe begins to push past my sensitive pussy lips eliciting
  an even deeper lustful groan as a warm sensual tingle washed over me.  
 Veronica slowly worked this probe ever deeper into my receptive pussy, each
  push bringing another excited sigh, until filled me completely. I could feel
  the realistic shape of this veined phallus against my outer lips and vaginal
  walls as it pushed against them to filling me completely. A strange, delightful
  sensation came as I felt a small moist tongue like protrusion lapping teasingly
  at my now engorged clit as Veronica worked this probe into me.  
 Once satisfied that I was loose enough to accommodate the girth of this
  phallus Veronica pulled it out until only its bulbous head remained trapped
  inside me. A loud click reverberated off the walls just as Veronica stood to
  come into my view again leaving the phallus barely lodged in my desperately
  twitching pussy. Veronica managed to arouse my sexual desires only to leave
  me wanting once again. I tried to push myself down the bench to impale myself
  onto my artificial lover only to discover the spreader bar chained to prevent
  me.  
 Veronica stood over me peer down into my lust filled eyes, a mocking smile
  curled onto her lips. She leaned over me, her glistening pussy filling my vision,
  and began fondling my breasts while toying with my nipples to bring them to
  an almost painfully full erection. A sudden sharp pain shot through my breasts,
  interrupting my lustful thought, as clamps closed tightly on my hardened nipples.
  Within moments, the pain subsided to an erotic discomfort adding to my deepening
  carnal desires.  
 Veronica explained that my training program would emphasize on flexibility,
  tone and strength. They had no desire to turn me into some muscle-bound Amazon.
  Repetitions were more important, not amount of weight. I felt the oppressive
  weight on the bar lessen, Veronica giving my breasts a few light quick slaps
  with her crop to encourage me to begin. I slowly raised the bar, gasping in
  surprise as I felt the large phallus spring to life pushing deeper into my
  waiting pussy. The bar reaching the top of its travel caused the fake cock
  to bury itself, to the hilt, into my now very receptive pussy.  
 The small tongues mounted along the upper edge of this rubber cock lapped
  teasingly against my engorged clit as it pushed into me. These tongues aided
  in pushing me closer to edge of orgasm, encouraging me to keep up my repetitions.
  I needed no further encouragement as I continued pumping the bar up and down
  while being mechanically fucked by this devilish machine. The clamps on my
  nipples tugging painfully with every rep only added to my desire. My now almost
  constant arousal had me approaching yet another massive, long desired, orgasm.  
 I felt my body begin to spasm as I climbed to my peak and my concentration
  wavered as I drove the bar to the top of its travel, thrusting the artificial
  cock deep into my grateful pussy. I screamed in ecstasy as Veronica brought
  her crop down across my heaving chest barking at me to continue. I fought through
  my sexual haze to continue pumping the weight bar up and down as orgasm after
  orgasm washed over me.  
 Veronica lightly tapped her crop against my firm belly as my latest orgasm
  subsided, commanding me to stop. As I pushed the bar to the top of its travel,
  it locked into place and the large phallus pulled out of my sopping pussy.
  My chest heaved as the clamps were removed sending a new shock of pain through
  my chest as blood flowed back into my tortured nipples. Veronica removed the
  restraints holding my sweat drenched body to this devilish machine before pulling
  me up to sitting, straddling the bench. I could feel the burn in my arms and
  chest as Veronica used her crop to encourage me to stand.  
 Veronica directed me over towards the next station designed for leg exercises.
  Once restrained into this machine Veronica put me through my paces only this
  time another rubber cock mercilessly impaled my receptive ass. The next machine
  worked my abdominals as nipple clamps ensured I used proper technique, holding
  my crunches for maximum effect. I felt drained by the time Veronica had me
  running on a treadmill, whose designed ensured I kept pace by administering
  a hard thrashing to my ass cheeks if I failed, even the slightest.  
 By the time I stepped off the treadmill every muscle in my body felt like
  rubber and just standing in my high heels required a great deal of concentration.
  However, Veronica would not allow me to rest as she put me through another
  round of stretching exercises to ensure my muscles wouldn't stiffen up and
  cramp. I couldn't believe how insistent my sexual desires were, even now after
  so many orgasms and the strenuous workout. Again, I realized the true slut
  that I have become, enjoying the carnal pleasures induced by the many forms
  of sexual deviance introduced by Veronica.  
 Veronica allowed me a few moments to myself while taking a warm refreshing
  shower unfettered by any restraints. I began feeling a little more normal,
  aside from my tender spots caused by my erotic workout. However, my feelings
  of normalcy would be short lived. Barely out of the shower and dried, Veronica
  used her crop to herd me over to the one of the cabinets along the same wall
  as the gym's entrance. Pulling open its door, she revealed its vast array of
  restraints and quickly selected a pair of wide leather cuffs, which she effectively
  strapped around my wrists. After locking them with small padlocks through the
  hasps, she fastened them tightly behind my back.  
 She next produced a pair of strappy sandals with thin stiletto heels that
  appeared at least 6-inches tall, if not taller. Veronica crouched down to slip
  my feet into the shoes, fastening the wide straps tightly around my ankles.
  Thankfully, they had a nice 1-inch platform to help cushion the balls of my
  feet as they forced me to stand mostly on my toes. Using another set of tiny
  padlocks she locked them securely ensuring they remained on my feet. As Veronica
  stood before me, she used a single finger to lift my chin as I fidgeted to
  get my balance in these extreme heels.  
 "You best get accustomed to your new 'fuck me' heels," Veronica hissed, "as
  you will be wearing many different tall heels from now on. After all, they
  do accentuate your shapely long legs and really show you to be the wanton slut
  we both know you to be."  
 Veronica turned back to the cabinet looking for something else, giving me
  the opportunity to catch a glimpse of myself in the mirrors mounted on the
  wall to one side. The person I saw looking back at me captivated me. Standing
  at 5-foot 8, many people considered me tall for a woman, now with these heels
  I would most certainly stand taller than most men. They really did accentuate
  my already firm, toned and long legs adding more definition and creating the
  illusion that they go on forever. The light bronze shading of my smooth skin
  stretched tightly over toned, well-defined taller body gave me the look of
  the captive sexy Amazons of B-movie fame. My short light amber locks still
  wet from my shower and make-up free features added to the overall effect.  
 Veronica selected several items before turning back to face me, placing
  them down on a table just off to the side. Stepping behind me, she wrapped
  a wide leather collar around my long sensuous neck locking it snuggly in place.
  Grabbing a hand full of hair Veronica pulled my head roughly backwards causing
  me to cry out only to have my cries quickly muffled by a large, red ball gag
  forced into my mouth and behind my teeth. Veronica worked quickly and efficiently
  ensuring my continued silence, removing any chance of protest.  
 Veronica clipped a short chain to the front of my collar and without a word
  gave it a sudden tug to pull me forward. She continued to lead me silently
  through the gym doorway and back out into the corridor before turning to continue
  down to the far end. There, at the far end, stood a large solid looking wooden
  door, which Veronica pushed inward before roughly pulling past its threshold.
  I stumbled awkwardly in my tall heels, nearly falling face first to the stone
  floor. I somehow managed to remain upright and stabilized myself, my heels
  clicking loudly on the stone, as I heard the solid door close with a dreadful
  thud.  
 I stood wide-eyed as I took in the sights before me around this new room.
  Fear washed over me as the realization of the true purpose of this room came
  to me. I stood on unsteady legs my head shaking my protests, my begging coming
  out as a faint mumble from my gag stuffed mouth. However, my body continued
  to betray me. I felt an erotic tingle feeding my lustful desires stirring in
  my pussy causing my juices to flow freely. A gentle cool breeze brushed over
  my erect nipples eliciting a long lustful moan to escape from around the gag
  in my mouth.  
 The scene before me must have come straight out of a medieval movie or gothic
  nightmares. A perfect recreation of the dungeons/torture chambers from a time
  when civil rights were something only the privileged enjoyed. I never dreamed
  I would ever see such things outside of a museum or off a movie set, yet here
  it stood before me. Veronica ignored my feeble protests as she roughly guided
  me over towards a large wooden pillory designed to hold a person well bent
  over with their hands and head immobilized by the stocks. Three feet out from
  the base another pillory, mounted high enough off the floor to accommodate
  my high heels, designed to hold its poor victim's legs spread wide and immobile,
  ensuring they remain standing. Veronica wasted little time in getting me locked
  into the pillory leaving me bent over, my pussy and ass well exposed, awaiting
  whatever devilish plans Veronica had in her mind.  
 Veronica menacingly circled my imprisoned body, caressing my hypersensitive
  skin with her crop, lingering to tease my sensitive hard nipples and twitching,
  juicy pussy. Veronica's manipulations soon had my mind further clouded with
  my lustful desires, devilishly holding me on the edge of my sexual nirvana.
  Suddenly, she stopped her ministration expertly leaving me to hang over the
  precipice of orgasmic release. My attempts to push myself over this edge must
  have appeared pathetic; I was pumping my hips trying to impale my pussy or
  ass with some imaginary cock. My desperate moans causing spittle to leak from
  around the gag as tears of frustration formed in my eyes.  
 Time and space seemed to stand still as I sensed Veronica's penetrating
  eyes burning into my soul from behind. Through my haze, I felt the trickle
  of a cool, thick liquid begin to ooze down the valley between my ass cheeks
  before it sensually tickled my engorged pussy lips. Veronica's fingers joined
  the liquid, teasing at my crinkled bud as she worked the slick liquid around
  and then into her sensitive asshole. My receptive sphincter surrendered to
  this sensual massage allowing her to stretch me open first with one finger
  before another joined it. Veronica slowly worked her fingers into my ass twisting
  as she went to spread the slick liquid as my sphincter loosened to the intrusion.
  Every few strokes Veronica would allow her thumb to brush lightly against my
  now stiffened, engorged clit causing me to push back onto her fingers.  
 I begged, incoherently, through the gag stuffed tightly into my mouth for
  Veronica to continue with her manipulations on my clit. She snickered menacingly
  as I felt her fingers withdraw from my now dilated sphincter drawing an involuntary
  moan of frustration from my throat. I stood there, held captive by this devilish
  pillory, desperately thrusting my hips back, trying vainly to reconnect with
  the digits that had teased me so mercilessly. Even in my lust-filled daze,
  I could hear Veronica moving about behind me, preparing something else, no
  doubt, to use to torment me. She now moved to stand in front of me as she bent
  down to unbuckle the straps holding the ball gag firmly between my teeth. She
  slowly worked the gag out of my mouth while harshly telling me to be quiet
  or an even larger one would replace it.  
 Moving back out of my view I could hear Veronica moving about before I heard
  the swish of a flogger cutting through the air. My whole body went stiff in
  anticipation of the blow that never came. The stocks, holding my head and legs
  immobile, made it impossible for me to see Veronica. Again, I heard the flogger
  move swiftly through the air causing a cool breeze to wash over my glistening
  back and dangling breasts. This repeated itself several times before the first
  stinging blow slashed across my outstretched back. A sudden painful yelp jumped
  out of my lungs only to have Veronica admonish me like a Headmistress to a
  schoolgirl.  
 With each stroke of the flogger, I instinctively arched my back in a vane
  attempt to escape the next blow as the ominous swoosh cut the air. As each
  stroke from the flogger made contact, Veronica berated me for questioning her
  choice of footwear I was to wear. In all, ten strokes, from each side, landed
  across my back and the sides of my freely hanging breasts, leaving them with
  a stinging burn. By now, my stinging skin must surely be glowing with a brilliant
  crimson. I already knew of Veronica's mastery of the many different implements
  available to her from my previous punishments. She effectively inflicted the
  maximum amount of pain while ensuring a minimum amount of damage. Veronica
  seemed to take great pride in her mastery of punishment, having experienced
  it from both sides.  
 My whole being was lost in a world of sensory overload with the painful
  deep burning of my abused back and breasts adding to my lustful desires. Pain
  and pleasure now melded into one exotically sensual universe, freeing my darkest
  desires. I jerked in surprise as I felt a cold lotion splash onto my back pooling
  into the small of my arched back. Veronica gently spread the lotion with a
  surprisingly light touch, working its cooling properties into the tortured
  skin of my back and burning breasts. A prickly sensation washed over my back
  and breasts before giving way to a refreshing tingle to leave behind a dull
  sting.  
 Slowly Veronica massaged the slick lotion into my tortured skin moving sensually
  lower until she lovingly caressed my firm globes jutting out provocatively
  behind me. She slowly worked her thumbs seductively into the valley between
  my ass cheeks, wickedly teasing my sensitive bud. I soon felt her fingers probing
  my swollen pussy lips until she found my very sensitive clit. She sensually
  stroked my appreciative bud before giving it a light pinch driving me to further
  heights of erotic desire. Her mastery did not stop at implements of punishment;
  she played me as her personal instrument bringing me to the edge of ecstasy
  only to stop, leaving me so utterly desperate for my orgasmic release.  
 My sexually over stimulated body began to quake uncontrollably, seeking
  release, as I mumbled incoherently in carnal desperation. Thankfully, I felt
  Veronica slowly push one of her gloved thumbs past my very slick receptive
  sphincter muscle pushing me ever closer to my sexual euphoria. I squirmed and
  pushed helplessly against my restraints trying desperately to gain the release
  I needed. She pulled her thumb from my deliciously tingling bud, eliciting
  a mournful groan from my throat, only to join it with another digit before
  pushing them home once again. I grunted from the renewed pressure against my
  sphincter but soon found myself welcoming the added intrusion. Veronica then
  added a third as she worked them in and out of my well-greased ass sending
  me to another level of eroticism.  
 Veronica slowly pulled her digits out of me to leave me on the precipice
  as I begged shamelessly for release. Veronica didn't leave me to wait long
  as I felt something smooth pushing at my now dilated bud, spreading it even
  wider. The pain of intrusion was gone, replaced by a constant, welcomed pressure
  as Veronica steadily pushed this object into me. My sphincter closed ever so
  slightly as the first inch or so of this object pushed into me. I could feel
  the ridges of its thick shaft push past my tight bud as it became clear that
  Veronica was probing me with a thick rubber cock. She worked it into me slowly
  and deliberately, pulling out until only its bulbous helmet remained before
  pushing it in even deeper with each stroke. I soon felt Veronica's thighs bump
  the backs of my own and her pelvic bone crush my ass cheeks telegraphing her
  intentions.  
 "You've had all the fun up to now," Veronica hissed as she slowly withdrew
  the phallus, leaving only its head imbedded in my ass, "from now on your ass
  is going to see quite a bit of action." Veronica continued to work the rubber
  cock deeper into my ass. I was soon lost in sexual ecstasy as I felt the two
  rubber balls of Veronica's phallus bump against my engorged pussy and clit.
  I screamed, begging Veronica to ram her thick rubber cock into my ass. I felt
  euphoria wash over me as the pressure of intrusion gave way to the erotic pleasure
  of having my ass so completely stuffed. My pussy began to twitch in harmony
  with Veronica's thrusts as the balls played havoc with my throbbing clit.  
 "I knew you were a horny slut," Veronica teased as my ass squeezed down
  on this invading phallus, "the first day I set eyes on you. You acted so confident
  and demanding yet you followed me around like a little puppy looking for a
  treat. Well, here's your bone you little fucking bitch." Veronica yelled as
  she began to feel her own orgasm begin to build causing her to pound harder
  into my receptive backside.  
 Veronica screamed out her orgasm as her body went rigid, driving her large
  dildo deep into ass. This drove the twin spheres to slam against my swollen
  pussy lips and engorged clit, sending me crashing over the edge as a, long
  denied, massive orgasm rocked through my body. Veronica kept the cock buried
  in my ass as she jerked in orgasmic afterglow causing me to push back on the
  rod buried in me. Slumping down onto my back, she allowed the rubber cock to
  slowing slip out of my well-used hole, leaving me with a desperately empty
  feeling.  
 I could feel Veronica's hot breath and heaving breasts against my sweat
  cover back as we both recovered from our orgasmic explosions. Veronica quickly
  regained her composure while standing behind me removing her double dildo harness.
  I soon felt her crop lightly running up along my sweaty, stinging back as she
  walked around to stand before me, her fragrant pussy just out of my tongue's
  reach. My tongue seemed to instinctively snake out of my mouth trying to desperately
  to get a taste of the delicious morsel just out of its reach. I felt the light
  touch of her leather covered hand across my tear soaked cheek as she back away,
  settling into a chair several feet in front of me. Her legs, covered in shining
  leather up to her mid thighs, splayed out before me so I could see her swollen,
  glistening pussy.  
 "I hope you enjoyed our little coupling?" Veronica teased me sarcastically. "It's
  going to be a while before I will let you enjoy any relief."  
 She sat there for several agonizing moments to allow what she said to sink
  in before continuing with her monologue. Even though my mouth remained unencumbered
  by a gag, I could not manage to wade through my sexual fog to form any coherent
  response. My mind filled with sexual desire, I no longer thought of sex as
  tender moments of lovemaking. I found myself craving my newfound uninhibited
  desires, delighting in the unbridled sexual release that only the vulgarities
  of fucking could bring. The bondage that held me tightly serviced to heighten
  my every experience, free to explore my deepest, darkest desires.  Could
  I ever return to my former existence? This is what I want, no needed  .  
 "You are here for one purpose, and one purpose only," Veronica continued, "that
  is for the pleasure of anyone who desires to use you. "Your own pleasure will
  be of little concern to us. However, from the reactions, I have noticed you
  definitely get as much, if not more, pleasure from these experiences. It is
  quite obvious this is exactly what you have been searching for all these years."  
 Veronica now had my undivided attention, she went on to explain how I managed
  to get myself into my current situation. From that very first night that we
  met at her gym, she sensed my true submissiveness, regardless of my superior
  attitude. She knew it was a fa&ccedil;ade, hiding my true nature. She launched
  her plan, right then, to cultivate my fertile ground and bring out the true
  submissive in me. She assured me that our friendship was genuine and she would
  never let any serious harm come to me as we explored my new world.  
 Veronica explained how, as our friendship blossomed and I confided my darkest
  fantasies, she carefully nurtured that true submissive in me. My vivid fantasies
  revealed my strong desire for rough, forced sex. My detailed stories of restraint
  heightened sexual experiences only proved to confirm what she already suspected,
  my true nature. I felt my body slump in defeat, knowing that her intuition
  proved to be correct; it seemed my life would change forever.  
 Once she was confident that she finally brought my submissive nature to
  lurk near the surface, she put her ultimate plan into motion. With the help
  of Francesco and Bruno, she spent the last six months carefully planning my
  final transition into this world of unbridled sexual pleasures. Even they found
  themselves surprised by how quickly I fell into my role of subservient sex
  slave, proving myself the total deviate slut they wanted. She never suspected
  me to become so completely submissive in such a short time; the icing on the
  cake being my near insane sexual appetite.  
 I now learned the true nature of the spray and the thick "cocktails" that
  they have been administrating to me. The main, or should I say the most important,
  ingredients are a unique blend of highly concentrated natural extracts. She
  assured me that, even though a Chemist friend of Francesco designed the formula,
  they did not contain drugs or chemicals. For centuries, aboriginals used these
  same extracts to heighten sexual desire and libido, only in much less refined
  concentrations. Thanks to modern science, they were able to extract and concentrate
  the active components, making them much more effective. The only drawback being
  that the amount of these exotic raw materials required, made them extremely
  expensive to produce.  
 Again, Veronica pointed out to me, that is were Francesco's many connections
  came in handy, enabling them to obtain the needed raw material at a reasonable
  cost. Add that with the help of a well-respected doctor/chemist, who specializes
  in homeopathy/herbal medicine, and you have the perfect aphrodisiac. The "exotic
  elixir" that they have been feeding me contained this "aphrodisiac", in a generous
  proportions, but just as importantly they contained a concentrated nutrient
  formulation that produce very little residue.  
 It was very hard for me to stay focused on what Veronica was telling me,
  my mind still muddled by wanton lust. However, most of what she said filtered
  through; allowing me to justify what I was feeling was not of my own doing.
  Then she dropped the bomb. These extracts contained certain psychoactive ingredients
  that worked to lower inhibitions, similar to effects of hypnosis. However,
  as with hypnosis, these lowered inhibitions would not force me to do something
  against my true will or that would be abhorrent to my psyche. On top of all
  of this, these ingredients would have an accumulative effect and remain in
  my body for some time. After the initial course of administration, I would
  only need periodical booster doses until all my undesired inhibitions were
  gone forever.  
 I should have been shocked and angry but only found myself anticipating
  the day my suppressive inhibitions no longer held me back. I did not have to
  worry about becoming addicted to this "elixir" or its components but knew I
  would soon be hopelessly addicted to all the erotic pleasures that my new reality
  was now bringing out of me. I now lived in a universe of almost constant sexual
  arousal, promising to bring my most bizarre erotic fantasies to reality, changing
  my life forever. Bondage, submissiveness and pain to become my powerful aphrodisiacs,
  ensuring the fulfillment of all my lust filled dreams and desires.  
 I never felt more sexually alive in my life, desperate to display my wanton
  lust that lurked for so long in my subconscious. I should have been incensed
  with Veronica for setting me up and treating me as her personal property, using
  me any way that pleased her. She was turning me into her personal sex slave
  and pain slut, using me to satisfy her every perverse pleasure, making me summit
  to her every desire. However, I never felt so free and fulfilled in my entire
  life, finally being able to allow my true self to surface from the dark recesses
  of my mind. I now looked forward to exploring my new universe, to experience
  the new sensations that Veronica promised me.  
 Veronica slowly released me from the stocks that held my body so erotically
  exposed before helping me to stand upright. Veronica allowed me a few moments
  to stretch my tight muscles until they loosened before locking my wrists tightly
  behind my back. Silently, she prodded with her crop towards the door. We proceeded
  down the hall to my cell where Francesco and Bruno waited for my return.  
 Once inside, they freed my hands before they roughly threw me down on my
  tiny cot. Bruno quickly pulled my hands over my head locking my wrist cuffs
  tightly to one of the vertical bars at the head. Francesco meanwhile strapped
  a spreader bar just under my knees, holding my legs wide. Francesco latched
  chains, running from the legs of my cot, onto the cuffs locked securely around
  my ankles, ensuring that I remain on my back. Veronica stepped forward to pull
  a leather hood over my head, covering my eyes to blot out all light. Once locked
  securely to my head I felt the thick, gel filled padding pushing against my
  ears, deadening all sound. Now my world revolved around my own musky aroma,
  the scent of sexual abandon filled my nostrils, adding to my building desire.  
 I felt the bed sag and two muscular legs straddle my helpless body as something
  lightly stroked my swollen, exposed pussy. Something hot and silky pushed against
  my moistened lips and I instinctively parted them to allow entrance. Rewarded
  with the long firm shaft of manhood I sucked greedily drawing it deeper into
  my mouth towards my waiting throat. Strong hands grabbed the hood covering
  my head forcing the cock deeper into my hungry mouth until I felt a ball sac
  bump against my chin. I wrapped my tongue lustfully around it girth, as best
  I could, as it worked it way in and out of my sopping mouth. My moist lips
  wrapped tightly around this veined shaft in a hopeless attempt to hold it buried
  deep in my throat.  
 My mind filled with unbridled passion as this cock rammed into my receptive
  orifice faster and faster, my swollen juicy pussy and hardened clit mercilessly
  teased keeping me on the edge of orgasmic pleasure. I felt the cock push deep
  into my welcoming throat then withdraw as it stiffened, filling my mouth with
  its sweet nectar. The manipulations on my erotically tingling pussy stopped
  just short of bring me over the edge, leaving me desperate for relief and satisfaction.
  The cock pulled from my mouth as I struggled to swallow all of its sexual elixir
  only to have another twitching member replace it. It quickly added to my already
  full cavity before pulling out to splash its creamy excretion over my lips,
  chin and nose while I greedily gulped down my reward.  
 I felt a soft, leather clad hand gently rub the creamy globs into my smooth
  skin leaving it slick with the musky cream. The hand soon left me as I sensed
  the retreat of those that had so fully ravished me. I now lay there on my thin
  mattress, mind clouded in lust, with the taste and smell of unbridled, yet
  unfulfilled passion filling my senses. My arms securely held over my head and
  my legs effectively held splayed prevented me from finishing what my tormentors
  had started. I could hear myself moaning in frustration as I squirmed and fought
  against my binds until exhaustion overcame me and I drifted off into a sleep
  filled with erotic imagery.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taraghost


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





