BDSM Library - Regulated




Regulated
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story based on news about tourists are being arrested for drunken behaviour.
I wrote this story while hearing about tourists are being arrested for drunken
behaviour.

This story is obviously fiction but the part about Anita Pallenburg is based on
fact.

Warning.  While I have spent considerable time correcting spelling mistakes
etc., some still exist If such minor things spoil your enjoyment of a story
please don't read it.  This story written for my enjoyment, if you do not like
it tough!

Black star




   Regulated written by Black Star

Ivor stood up when his young Lady client came down from the steps of the
courtroom.  She was looking extremely pale as her escorts helped her down the
flight of stairs and into the cell.  Helping because her hands were firmly
handcuffed behind her back.

Looking concerned Ivor helped her down the last three steps and helped her into
a chair, as the door of the holding cell slammed shut.  The two escorts
disappearing, until they were summoned to let out Ivor.

She was a tall girl dark hair with a slim figure with an attractive bottom and
had a well-endowed chest.

Her face was very attractive with a clear smooth skin only slightly spoilt by
her sharp nose and thin lips.

A type of girl who clearly was from good breeding stock but determined to live
her life, her way. Dressed now in a smart business suit with a short pencil
skirt, she looked at very much like the P R girl she was in England.

How did it go? He asked

Miss LeAnne Walker looked shaken and stared straight ahead muttering My God!
They say they are going to cane my Bottom. Twenty four times. They cannot do
that, it's Barbaric.

I'm afraid it isn't replied Ivor

Will they really do it she whispered hoarsely through to Ivor?

Yes, I am afraid they will. However, this type of Minor Punishment usually is
over, within 2 hours, which is really a blessing in disguise.

Minor! You call 24 strokes Minor? TWO HOURS she spluttered as she suddenly took
in her what she had just heard. Are you telling me that in two hours I will have
been whipped? The

Ivor declined to answer except to say. For this type of offence, a Local could
expect up to 90 strokes. The law in this country looks at what you were accused
of as gross Immoral Behaviour and deals with it severely and you are only going
to receive the light cane. You are lucky there are treating you like a
troublesome schoolgirl. Unfortunately, you are not 16, so Six of the Best was
considered inappropriate thus the 24 strokes

He knew that she had come looking for new holiday experiences away from the
usual areas of Spain and Greece but had not reckoned on the locals condemning
her drunken hooliganism behaviour so vehemently

However, I want to appeal. I have to appeal. This is all wrong

Sorry! For this offence, in this Court there is no Appeal. They have had such
bother with Foreign Governments protesting that they have learnt to carry out
the sentence before notifying anybody that a Foreign National is being involved

OH God! Then I have to go through with it. What will they do? Will it hurt? When
Please! Help! I don't think I can take it.

Relax a minute said Ivor and I will brief you on what is going to happen to you
and what help I can give

Right from the start of the trial Ivor had been watching discreetly from the
side of the courtroom and watched the girl, now dressed in a white smart top and
black Skirt, viewing a video Tape of her shameful behaviour the night before.

He had then, watched with excited detachment as the Judge had found her Guilty,
despite her Not Guilty plea. The defendant had visibly paled and looked totally
distressed.

However, the real stimulating part was when, the Judge told her that he was
going to make an example of her to deter other Western Holidaymakers from
following her example.

Ordering her to be detained indefinitely in the local Jail until the sentence
was carried out. He then ordered her to receive 24 strokes of the light Cane,
applied across her backside. Then when recovered from her ordeal taken to the
Airport and Deported. The girl almost fainted at the sentence and had to be
supported by a Prison Warden

Now talking to the girl he had to contain his excitement. Watching the video of
her cavorting drunk in a public place dressed in a extremely short skirt and
wearing just a bikini top. Ivor could only marvel at how much decent office
girls debauched themselves when on holiday. This young Lady was definitely going
to have a holiday to remember. 

Getting the young Lady to sit, which she did with difficulty as still
handcuffed, he explained procedure. When we have finished here, you will be
taken to a cell and allowed to recover your composure for 30 minutes while they
organise your Correction. From there, it's a trip to see the nurses who will
prepare you physically for your punishment

You will then be taken to see a Doctor for a medical to check that your body can
take the coming ordeal. You will have your blood pressure, heart and the skin on
your buttocks tested. All simple tests. However, let the Doctor do his job
otherwise it might just have very unpleasant comebacks. However, don't panic,
they will treat you with the utmost courtesy at all times. Their Governments
Reputation, is all to these people.

So there is a chance I might fail on health grounds? The hopeful LeAnne cried.
Not really, you would have to be almost dying to get medical refusal for the
sentence not to be carried out. That why to save time, you will first pay a
visit to the nurses, not the other way around.

I just do not believe that this is happening. Will it hurt?

Unfortunately, in about an hour, you will be very aware that all this is so very
real. Moreover, upsetting for you is the fact it will hurt like hell, more than
you could possibly imagine.

Ivor paused at this point, as LeAnne looked shocked and distressed at this news.
But I don't deserve to be treated like this she wailed. Nobody took any notice
when I was out with friends in Greece or Spain for the last few years.

Yes but this a Country new to Tourism 18-30 style and its people are very proud
and moral   They don't take well to seeing Women drunk in the street and
behaving outrageously.

As I was saying, after your medical you will be taken to the Punishment room,
where you will be secured over a Bench thoughtfully provided by the King for
punishments like theses. You will be treated courteously at all time. However,
you will be made to position yourself for the punishment, which will then be
carried out the usual traditional way according to local customs and practices. 

Remember while you are in custody you having no rights and if they want they can
make life very uncomfortable if not distressing for you. You are dependent on
them for clean cloths, food, toilet facilities and a release date. I will be
there to see that the traditional prelims are preserved and that you are as
quickly as possible transferred to a hospital

A Hospital! Is it going to be that bad?

Miss Walker. You have been sentenced to 24 strokes of the cane for a very
disturbing crime. They are not going to tap your backside. They are going to hit
you with a cane as hard as possible. The Warden doing it is under an obligation
to do a good job, i.e. to give you maximum pain. Your bottom, by the end of it,
will be ridged in neat painful lines from your upper buttocks to your lower
thighs. By the time he has finished, your backside will be contorted, welted and
bleeding. 

You will need hospital treatment because you will not be able to wear underwear
for a week or sit down comfortably for four or five, after that, you will sit
with care. You will carry the bruises for three months and you may possibly
carry the marks for life. Do you now realise the severity of your sentence?

 LeAnne went pale and wailed Help! You have to stop it

There is nothing I can do, Sentence has been passed. If you remember, I told you
to plead Guilty to the offence because this sort of outcome was possible. If you
had done as I said you would have been imprisoned for 1 year, which you could
have bought off with a payment of about ?1000

Please I have ?3000 in the bank, offer them that, pleaded LeAnne. If that's not
enough my Father could raise extra

Be Careful! To offer money after being sentenced is often seen as offering a
bribe. For which you could get your caning doubled as well as spending 18 months
in Jail. You have been convicted, so in the eyes of the law you are now guilty
and have been sentenced extra severely for lying to the court. Come down to
reality and accept you are about to receive a sound beating. You have to allow
your mind to accept that fact.

O God! What Am I to do wailed LeAnne?

Try to come through this with a little Dignity. Retorted the exasperated Ivor

He then stood up and pressed the bell to summon the Wardens. I will try to be
with you as much as possible but let me assure you these people will treat you
with courtesy and compassion.

Compassion! Cried LeAnne. They are going to thrash me senseless. 

Don't be silly, compose yourself. You will be conscious throughout, though you
may wish otherwise and they are only doing what the Courts have ordered them to
do.

What about Caroline? Talking about the blonde who had been arrested with her.

She has been given a formal official warning and will be released at the same
time as you.

I attended to her hearing last night she is now languishing in a cell,
contemplating the error of her ways.

Ivor left the cell leaving a weeping LeAnne sitting on the wooden seat, head
lowered, hands still cuffed behind her back. Make the best of it Girl. It's the
last sit-down you will be able to enjoy for at least a month, Ivor thought as he
went out.

He hadn't been her quite straight with Lee-Ann concerning Caroline, but what he
had said had been officially correct.

As he went down the corridor, he spoke to the Officer in charge who commented. I
see that one of your Colleges from your country is soon going to be dancing to a
slightly different tune than at a disco

She's no College of mine. However, yes, soon one young female hooligan is going
to go home with very painful memories on how to behave. Maybe it will discourage
others but I suspect this year will see you practising your handiwork on many
more Western tourists and giving them an experience to remember. Serves them
right

The Officer thought for a minute and smiled before replying. I hope it does not
put off too many. I will delight in showing them the error of their ways and
sending them home with a Tattooed backside as a Holiday souvenir.

But don't worry we have eyes on one 27 year old female Blond Rep. named Kennedy
who with a little more investigation could soon be jiggling her bottom in
distress over the punishment room table

It will be interesting to see if she is a natural Blond.

With a little bit of luck and bribery, she will soon be regretting the day; she
took liberties with the Morals of this Country. Moreover, as over 25 old, we
will be looking for her to be punished with at least 50 of the Medium cane and a
imprisonment of least six months

She, as an Official of her company must take full responsibility and we will be
hopeful of her getting the maximum total of 90 strokes. Not a satisfactory
solution but if you're interested, a small bribe to the Governor, could get her
a second dose just before she leaves Prison if she does not cooperate fully
while banged up

Can you do that?

OH Yes! It will not be difficult to find some petty rule she has repeatedly
broken while incarcerated. I for one will delight in informing her one -month
before the end of her sentence she is to be released early due to foreign
governments pressure. Then informing her however, that unfortunately as she had
not complied with prison rules, the prison had ordered her to receive an extra
caning equivalent to her original sentence. And that a sentence was to be
carried out immediately.

I will be enjoy watching her face, when she realises that her bottom which would
has now healed were soon going to carry further agonising vivid red stripes

Moreover, I am sure that the Prison Governor would want to interview her several
times, intimately, while she is in custody to the correct her immoral ways

The King will cherish the irony, but I will not be expecting protest from
Foreign Governments. They understand that anybody who misbehaves while in
custody risks being duly punished.

This was proved by the case of Anita Pallenburg. Once a girl misbehaves
immorally publicly, the authorities ignore her protests.

 Pulling Ivor over to one side of the corridor the officer, it took a little
time to explain to the naive lawyer about a article he had read quite recently
and if he had a moment, he could pop back to the office and the lawyer could
read it in his own time.

The lawyer was quite intrigued and followed the officer back to borrow a copy.



The article which he read while having his break was obviously written for a
salacious magazine, but seemed to have its roots in reality. Written about a
event that happened in the early Seventies, the article went on to give a highly
sexually charged possibly fictitious account about a real event.

 The drama of an Anita Pallenburg

She had been her arrested while whoring with the Rolling Stones band for smoking
drugs while in Jamaica at the age of about 22.

Carted off to the local nick the unfortunate beautiful but notorious young
starlet suffered several distressing sexual rapes, in the short time she was
incarcerated.

It is also extremely likely that those persons also extremely well reamed her
backside, as it is usual for this kind of rape to include anal penetration.

At a later date, she was made to bend over, spread her legs apart and had
agonising welts raised on her deserving naked backside with a leather strap.

All this happened over several hours and for some reason the guards heard
nothing of this unofficial, but seemingly sanctioned punishment.

 Her sexual excesses and her drug taking had been reported in an international
paper for some weeks. Along with reports that she was fond of using a whip on
naked male bottoms.

It surely is not a coincidence that her abuse in prison was of a sexual and
perverted nature. Usually inmates suffer punches to the face or body.

 It is not clear whether her abuse was perpetrated on her by inmate's or by her
guards. It is unlikely that inmates cared enough about her morals to give her a
richly deserved punishment. It was more likely that the female guards took it
upon themselves to unofficially give the girl the treatment she deserved in
which case is at no wonder that the woman has never really released any details
of her treatment inside the Jamaican jail.

Being incarcerated means, you are at the total mercy of your guards. You depend
on them to feed you and to release you from your cell to go to the toilet.

It would be in her extreme it easy to have the notorious celebrity confined in
one cell and send in one or two of the more brutal male inmates to teach her a
lesson.

It must have been quite a amusing sight for the female guards to watch through
the bars of her cell as a petite notorious white celebrity got the creamed
between the legs by a huge black Negro convicted rapist.

Then I suspect they giggled and cheered as she was then pulled up to her feet,
turned around and forcibly bent from the waist, to receive a buggering from the
same guy or his mate a convicted sexual abuser.

Being in prison her ordeal would not have lasted for a few moments, The wardens
would have left them alone for several hours, most probably as a result of a
bribe from outside person or persons.

It must have been really spectacular to watch.

A already distressed Ms Pallenburg would have seen her rapist standing outside
the bars of her cell, talking possibly to the female wardens.

 Panic would have set in almost immediately as the huge and grinning rapist was
let into her cell and the door slammed behind him. It wouldn't have been a long
before this celebrity was flat on her back having her legs stretched apart.

It is highly likely that the watching wardens would have egged the rapist on
with the cries of "Go on a give the Bitch a good one" and watched with delight
as the Negro rammed his cock deep into the notorious celebrity.

 There had been reports that he first made a Pallenburg strip, kneel, and suck
his cock. However, this would have been far too sophisticated for wardens who
would have wanted to see the young lady forcibly creamed. That may have come
later but we will never possibly know.

Once the young lady had received the packet of sperm deposited in her cunt. The
wardens would have wanted more or possibly it was specified when the bribe was
taken. Ms Pallenburg would then have been turned over and have been made very
aware that very soon she would be feeling the big Negroes cock forcing its way
into her back passage. Her despair at knowing that she had absolutely no control
as to when and how must have been quite distressing for her.

 However, not nearly as distressing as feeling herself being bent over and
having the cock actually forced into her backside. To her it must have been
completely void of any sexual excitement, just a searing pain in her bottom as
her anus was a violated.

However, to the rapist and watching wardens it was full of erotic thrills



The final whipping of her naked arse was most probably specially arranged to
coincide with an high officials visit.

 Anita Pallenburg was most probably taken to a special room where she would have
been stripped and made to present her backside for punishment. I expect the
watching official most probably then raped her

 It took a large bribe to get the sobbing distressed slut released.

However, this it took place in the Seventies. Recently a White drug smuggler
confined in a cell in Jamaica, complained to the press that several times she
had been acquainted with the strap landing on her naked bottom, administered by
a female officer for minor infringements.

 Ivor finished reading the article and took it back to the office.

There the officer sensing an source of income said

If you want, I can introduce Kennedy be picked up to you socially tomorrow, so
you can be acquainted before you have to deal with her professionally. It could
be quite interesting to admire her figure knowing that if things go to plan,
your next meeting will be in the punishment room where that woman's bottom will
be stripped naked This time not for her pleasure but ours.

It will give you a feeling of just how deserving she is of punishment and it
will fun to exercise your imagination in just how you think she might react to
being chastised and incarcerated. Giving you a chance to turn those, thoughts
over in your mind while you stand in conversation with her.

She has a wicked depraved sense humour which should help her through the
hopefully planned, ordeal that she deserves. I hope she appreciates the irony of
you admiring her assets while she is still a free woman

Several tapes have been taken that show her organising drunken near orgies for
her Holidaymakers. All we need to do is catch her taking a Local boy back to her
room. This shouldn't be too difficult as she fancies one of our Agents. Once we
catch her, naked in a room with a local the young lady will be on her way to a
very distressing future. . In addition, a donation of 1000 of the local currency
could see you participating in Kennedy's punishment, as a witness of course.




CHAPTER 2

As he prepared himself for the coming event Ivor wondered how Miss LeAnne, a
fastidious Girl, would take being prepared for her ordeal which would consist
of, besides other doctoring, having her anus purged with hot soapy water. So had
especially asked to observe, something he usually declined to do. Having watched
local girls administered to he knew it, would be messy and unpleasant

After being collected from her cell, the anxious LeAnne had been escorted to the
Prep room by two Wardens who tightly gripped her arms. In addition, was politely
but firmly told to strip fully by a big Black female Negroes Nurse. 

LeAnne as if in a Dream did as she was told. This was the first time she had
felt the crushing blow of the Prison atmosphere and the supplicating effect it
could have on a prisoner. Once totally naked, she had been made to stand against
the wall while a drink was prepared for her cleansing. She was then given a
plastic cup containing a thick salty gooey liquid to drink. The Diuretic.  This
was to stop her pissing herself while being caned

Watching he knew in about 10 minutes this would dehydrate her body forcing any
excess water into her bladder. She would have no option, once she had swallowed
it but to continue to relieve herself as her bladder distended. Urinating until
her body was parched. 

Making the convicted Girl stand hands on head, total naked while the Diuretic
took effect. The Enema equipment had been produced and silently but obviously
paraded in front of her. Emphasising the full amount of liquid, she would have
to accommodate and keep back, by pouring it slowly into the large plastic
container from which the black pressuring bulb would take its fluid.

She was then been shown the regular slim Nozzle but saw it substituted for one
with a humped tip out of camera range. She was then given a visual illustration
of the amount of water that would jet out of the thick tip, so she could imagine
the effect it would have, when up her bottom.

Once everything was ready, the Big Black Fat Negroes sat down, called the naked
LeAnne over, pulling the miserable girl onto her lap. Grabbing her tightly
around the waist so she lay on her top of her fat thighs, bottom up; face
staring at the floor.

Of course, the Official camera would be switched off at this point for Decency
's sake. However, an illicit camera would have recorded all the missing action.

Now the Nurses could take time and delight in degrading a Western Party-Girl.
Holding her totally naked over her thick plump lap the big, Negroess held the
Convicted girl in a vice like grip using her arm firmly pressed down onto her
back. With her hands, she reached out and painfully separated the girl's
buttocks allowing the LeAnne's pink anus to be easily attended to.

The Second Black Woman massaged a large lump of Grease adulterated with Curry
powder on to her highly visible Anus. Then taking the tube slowly wiggled the
bulbous plastic nose painfully up her back passage. She deliberately pushed it
up very, very slowly; lengthening the time LeAnne had to anticipate what having
her backside purged would feel like. Producing along with a searing burn from
the Curry powder, which penetrated down to her cunt, a terrible bloat in her
back passage.

As she lay over the lap, at first, the LeAnne lay subdued as she endured the
anguish and shame of being in prison. Her hands gripped the rung of the chair
leg. Then as the instrument was inserted and she felt her Back Passage being
distended, she had struggle at the indignity of what was happening.

However, this paled into insignificance as the Wardens first, looked at each
other, and then exchanged sadistic grins as the thin Black Warden deliberately
squeezed the bulb on the Enema. Knowing that this would eject into the girl body
the specially prepared highly irritating mixture. Keenly aware that this action
would have the just result have producing in the girl a very disagreeable,
unpleasant and humiliating sensation.

The frightened girl had been stopped from thrashing about by the strong hug the
Negro had on her body. Nevertheless, her legs thrashed to no avail while the
nurse had forced the contents of the large flask of soapy stinging water up her
bum. The feeling of having a stream of water invading your bowels was, as the
nurses knew a terribly distressing experience.

Ivor had placed himself to the side of the unfortunate girl and studied her face
with interest. At first, it had just a panic filled appearance, as she was made
to lie waiting, naked over the large Negroess lap like a naughty girl. 

Suddenly it took on an appalled expression and Ivor looked up to see the thin
Warden rubbing the contaminated grease deep up her anus with her finger. The
Curry powder burning the inside of her back passage

Looking back again at her face, he waited to see the expression when the large
bulbous end was introduced into her back passage. He was not disappointed. She
looked aghast. Her eyes bulged out like organ stops as her face twisted into a
shocked expression and her eyes filled with tears. The lengthy prolonging of the
insertion started to get to her and she commenced to panic. 

Ivor saw her legs start to flap but the Negroess had stood to one side so was
able to continue attending to her bottom no matter how much she thrashed those
long legs.

He stood waiting for the final humiliating inflation and as it came, with it
came an unearthly wail as the Convicted holidaymaker felt the intestines in her
belly being extended by the inrush of hot fiery fluid.

Her facial expressions totally went on the rampage as she felt the results of
this Legal Judicial abuse fill up her abdomen till her anus felt as if it would
disintegrate outwards from the internal pressure

Once the nurses had filled the convicted girl bottom to bursting. A Black Butt
Plug was screwed firmly into her anus. The Nurse finishing the treatment by
wiping her bum with a tissue

She was then released and made to stand weeping with her back to the bare brick
wall. Standing up the Negroess told Leanne to put her hand on her head and stick
out her cunt

The two young Negroes then produced a stiff shaving brush and a stick of shaving
cream. With her bowls bursting and her bladder full, he watched the convicted
LeAnne endue the two Negroess scour her cunt and its inner surfaces with gusto
while commenting on the individual personal use of it during the previous week.

I Wonder How Many Big Black Dicks This One Has Swallowed 

I Don't Like the Look of That Spot, I Bet She Has Been Contaminated By Some
Nasty Disease

My, My you could get a Horse's Dick in there. I wonder if she has, or maybe a
Dog's

Once the imprisoned girl cunt was thoroughly irritated and tender from the
bristles, she had to endure, being not shaved, but scraped with a bunt razor
again with comments like

Well young Lady it must be getting sore maybe you should be careful where you
are putting about next time.

With a burning cunt, a bursting bladder and extended intestines she was then,
told to turn and face the wall and holds onto to the two handles above her head
and stand absolutely still

With her bottom straining to defecate and with a busting bladder, Miss LeAnn
Walker did not look happy as she sobbed her distress. 

The big Negroess then massaged her bottom, helping the mixture held burstingly
in The Whore's bowels, to do its cleansing work. Unfortunately, the massaging
consisted of slapping the Convicted Office workers bottom with a large wooden
flat paddle

This type of instrument did, if highly polished and the Negroess polished
lovingly every morning, induce into a girls rump a tormenting agonisingly sting
but left only redness. This agonising sting had two effects. 

Making the girl thrust her pelvis to the wall violently. The shock compressed
her bladder making her Piss on her feet

This had the consequences of making the Negroes grin and chuckle, and smack her
again. Not that the slaps were at all violent, just easy swinging slaps.
However, the polished surface of the paddle made absolute skin contact, which
produced a gross over stimulation of every sensory sympathetic nerve in her
backside. Causing an agonising smart without bruising the underneath flesh.

Every time she was paddled, her bladder pissed distressingly down her leg. She
let out a wail of torment, showing dire misery on her sideways turned face,
which was wet with tears from the sting of the paddle. Her feet paddled up and
down in her Piss, as she tried to relieve some of the burn being produced in her
backside. Only stopping moving when the spanking paddle whacked her again
forcing her forward and propelling out a new stream of panic stricken urine.

The Black Nurse aimed for the fatty centre of the Girls backside each time,
knowing that each spank, while leaving hardly a Ivor, stung like the proverbial
Wasp and left a lasting impression in the girl's mind.

For some obscure reason, it took exactly 40 slaps for the girl to empty her
bladder to the two warden's satisfaction. Just the amount she should be been
sentenced to if the prosecution had its way. However, this time with a bursting
intestines.

She was then allowed to evacuate into a bowl and the official videoing resumed.
Its time clock showing just 1 minute had elapsed. Only showing LeAnne with just
the expected miserable expression, flushed face and very red bottom.

Ivor left the young Lady to recover her composure and get dressed as she was led
back to her cell.




  Chapter 3

Ivor next met up with LeAnne 45 minutes later in the Medical room

He arrived just as the young Lady was being escorted into the room. She seemed
distressed if not a little pale

Ivor first thought was. They seem to be in an unholy rush to tan this girl's
backside. Usually they put a convicted girl through quite a lengthy preparation
program to really make the girl apprehensive at what's coming to her. He was
surprised that the Big Black Negro Nurse had not played with her, for far longer
than they had

Not that was any concern of his. He was paid by the Government to represent his
client and to see that if found guilty that all the conditions and procedures of
the judicial system were carried out correctly.

LeAnne had been sentenced to a Lawful Chastisement. He was here to see it was
done properly, allowing for the usual local customs and practices

LeAnne was trembling as she was told to stand facing the wall hand on her head.
This was followed up by an explanation from the Doctor that he needed to check
her posture and back. 

After a quick visual appraisal of her back and buttocks, the Doctor ran his
hands firmly and thoroughly around the seat of the dark pencil skirt that LeAnne
wore checking for firmness and elasticity and ticked the box. (Target Area
(Punishment) Prelim condition examination) as GOOD

It was unmistakable that the girl was terrified as she realised the meaning of
the statement on the form "Target Area." 

Ivor had no objection to that; LeAnne had a very good body with an exceptional
bottom. She must have had African blood somewhere in her past, as it was pert
and taut. This showed well through the tight skirt she had chosen to wear for
her trial. Ivor wondered how she would react when that bottom was being attended
to. Should be a good afternoon's diversion if all went to plan.

She was then asked to turn around and stand hands on head, legs apart. Ivor
noted that the Doctor was courteous and polite with his patient, as had been the
guards who brought her in., as he would have expected. The Girl turned and stood
staring at the far wall, hands on head, legs apart, trying to make the whole
horrible experience go away

Measuring her height and posture from the front the Doctor then took her blood
pressure and noted down the reading with the comment. Subject is stressed

He explained he had to check for tension and abnormalities in her abdomen.

Putting one hand on the Girls flat stomach, he pressed his hand into Leanne's
abdomen and felt around. Satisfied with his diagnosis he then slid one hand down
her crutch, thrust his hand under Lee-Ann's skirt. His hand changed direction
and travelled upwards lifting the hem of her skirt and caressed her cunt.
Compressing and massaging the area between her legs. As he did so, he studied
the look on Le-Anne's face examining it for signs of distress, embarrassment, or
annoyance as he groped her crotch. One long finger pressing between her legs and
massaging her pussy.

Ivor could see now why she had been appraised so fast. The good Doctor needed
time to do a though investigation, as was necessary in face of the fury they
knew was coming. However, mainly the Doctor wanted time to get his titillation
and kicks with a fine looking young western convicted lady

While Le-Anne's face flickered as she felt her, private area being manually
handled but otherwise stood stock still as the Doctor continued his examination.
Ivor was glad she stared stonily ahead and made no protest.

If he had been challenge the Doctor would have, vermantley denied any
impropriety. Moreover, Ivor would have backed him up. He had to work here; the
girl would go home in a week.

The girl was learning from her experience with the nurses. Her captures were
behaving completely correctly. If she had protested or at worst protested
violently then he knew enough about these people that they would have found
someway to make life a far more uncomfortable and unpleasant for her

The Doctor then continued his examination by bending down and running his hand
around and through the Girls inner thighs, cupping her panty clad cunt in his
hand and then down her long slim legs. LeAnne looked horrified at what the
Doctor was doing but sensibly realised that she was not in a good location to
complain.

Standing up, he continued his examination by reaching around her waist with both
hands and compressing her buttocks through her tight skirt squeezing and
fondling them.

Ivor knew the if LeAnne had protested, it would have been the reasonable
clarification that this area was soon to be the subject of a violent assault so
he had to assess its fragility

Again, he brought one hand around to fondle her crotch area.

LeAnne was looking distressed at this treatment, which was understandable and
had started to get very distressed and emotional. However, the Doctor was only
doing his job, which was to pass LeAnne, fit to receive a Judicial beating. If
as a full-blooded male he was taking the opportunity to get some titillation
then Ivor had no problem. The girl was, a convicted exhibitionist and the Doctor
was just taking advantage of the fact that he was Authority and she was the
felon

Standing back, the Doctor after ticking the box on the form marked "Lower Body
Front" Good condition, asked her courteously to remove her clothes, to her
underwear including any stocking and shoes

As she did as asked, but with apprehensive reluctance, Ivor could see that
LeAnne was very distressed by the way, the examination was going.

The Doctor noticed as well and courteously explained. I afraid all this is
necessary, as I do not want to see you disabled after the sentence had been
carried out. An extreme pain shock to the system can bring on all types of
unwanted reaction and can aggravate any problems in the rest of your body. So it
is essential for safety that I give you a very though examination however much
it may distress you. Just think of me as a Doctor doing his job, and grinned a
sickening smile

Because LeAnne was now down to a very brief pair of pants and a low cut Bra. The
Doctor stood back ad observed her. Hands on head and legs apart, I need to see
if you have any weakness in your back and ticked the next box on his clipboard
form

Right I am just going to record your posture on film so there can be no doubt as
to your condition.

Reaching into a cupboard, he produced a digital camera and lined it up to take
several full lengths shots of Le-Anne's lithe body. Telling her to tilt first
one side, then the other as if doing excise, each time the camera flashed

Right! Turn and show your back. LeAnne reluctantly agreed. Her instincts told
her that this was getting a little sordid. However, what could she do?

Again, the camera flashed as the Doctor took several shots of the girl's
backside. An area the Doctor was delighted to contemplate, as he knew that it
was soon to become a source of agonising torment to LeAnne

Right removes your Bra asked the Doctor with a leer, after a deliberate
exploration of the area that was to be punished. Again, just to smooth the
fabric of her panties. Though Ivor did think, he was getting great satisfaction
from his actions. LeAnne looked horrified, at this latest command, across to
Ivor who nodded and commented. It needs to come off. You will have any
restrictive clothing removed at the time

And the Doctor remarked, I have to check the consistency of your breasts in
case, because they will be hanging loose, while you are dealt with and you might
damage them if you move violently

After studying LeAnne closely, in fact, he put on his glasses as she popped her
bobs from her Bra; he reached out and fondled them quite roughly. Flicking his
thumbs over her nipples, which made her yelp and caused the Teats to stand up.
It was in a state that he took several head and shoulders photos showing her
distressed weeping face and splendid aroused tits

Right if you could touch your toes, I can check and record the tension in your
buttocks. Legs together at first then I will take few with them wide apart.

LeAnne summoned up enough courage to ask. Why apart? Is that necessary?

My Dear Girl, purred the doctor, in a short while that is the position you will
be secured in while sentence is being carried out. For good medical reasons your
are less likely to come to permanent harm secured with your legs apart

Secured? Protested LeAnne. Why?

Of course, you will be secured otherwise you might move and the instrument could
hit you on a nasty place. Medically nasty that is

Now do as you are told and touch your toes.

Looking again at Ivor who nodded his head in agreement, she hesitantly lowered
her head and bent over. Standing to one side, the Doctor took several side
shots, full length and close ups of Le-Anne's globular tits as they hung down
like ripe fruit from her chest.

From his position by the side of her, Ivor felt the sap rise in his dick. This
young Lady had a magnificent body that was ripe for plucking, and if things went
as usual in this type of sentence, then by the end of the day she would have
been mightily plucked.

The Doctor took several shots from first one side then the other, as well as
from the front. Close ups as well as full body. Then stood behind her and
flashed off several more

Satisfied that he had captured all he desired, he told her to open her legs. As
she did so Ivor noticed expressions of embarrassment and humiliation appear on
her face as she shuffle her legs apart.

Wider please and legs straight commented the Doctor. Then flashed of several
shots that included close up of her buttocks and closer shots of her panty
covered pussy

Right! Stay still he warned, as he reached forward and pulled the top of her
pants down, then manipulated then so they hung around her knees, leaving, the
girls bare bottom staring seductively backwards. Lee Anne felt a warm, but
chilling draft caress her exposed bum cheeks

The Doctor then took the camera and studied Lee-Ann has now exposed bottom and
genitals

After several shots, he asked the highly self-conscious and mortified Girl to
bend her knees, so making her arse stick out even more. The convicted girl did
as she was told but sobbed distressingly

Ivor noticed that as she did so, her pussy popped open so he could see the pink
interior, this fact did not go unnoticed by the doctor. He moved in closer
checking the stills after a shot, on the monitor to see if he had caught all the
detail. At one point, the distressed girl was told firmly, to stay still while
her sex lips were parted slightly so shots could be taken of her interior.

He then stood up and studied her full figure from the side

So in intrigued was he by her tits that he asked Ivor to hold one, then the
other in his hand so he could get the best silhouette shot. Ivor dutifully did
his duty and manipulated the bent over, girl's breast for several minutes. All
in the line of a days work. While she stood totally humiliated and distressed,
touching her toes for all intense and purposes, stark naked. Ivor knew that
copies of theses photos would be circulating the prison within minutes of LeAnne
leaving the examination room.

Right! I need to take shots of your skin to compare it with the test results.
You must keep still and not move otherwise you will spoil the comparison. First
just a couple more of the opening of your back passage. Necessary, as this is
where any damage might occur during the carrying out of the sentence

If you would stay bending, but reach back and pull open your buttock then I can
get all the material I need.

LeAnne hesitated and looked across at Ivor appalled at what she was being told
to do.

Do it LeAnne. Otherwise, the Doctor will have no option to call in the
attendants who will hold you while your bottom is stretched wide for the camera
record.

With tears of humiliation in her eyes, LeAnne reached back and spread her arse
checks.

Hold it there commented the Doctor and took an exceptionally long time in
recording the highly distressed Le-Anne's, back passage Ivor stood and studied
the scene in front of him with irony. The Good Doctor was really stretching
Doctor patient relationship. However, with pay so bad he had to have some reason
to deal with convicted scum and this was one of his perks .A chance to really
abuse a Amateur Hooker and get away with it repeatedly

She suddenly shot forward as she felt the Doctor's hand touching her pussy 

Stay Calm! In addition, stay still, soothed the Doctor to Le-Anne's stricken
face as she turned to face him, knickers around her knees, weeping and sobbing
at her treatment. I just need to feel the texture of your genitalia so I can
record it. If you would like to resume your position. I know this can be
distressing but it has to be done.

Oh, God said LeAnne bending slowly forward again and with trembling legs endured
the Doctor groping her private parts.

Just let me record what I have to then we can wrap up this session very quickly,
once I have tested your skin's ability to flex

How are you going to do that? Whined Lee Anne

Oh, it is a simple enough test. I record the condition of your skin on the video
camera, and then I hit your bottom hard with a cane. Afterwards I compare
pictures for bruising and swelling. Unfortunately, as you moved without
permission it will be necessary sample your skin twice. Try not to move again
otherwise I will have to take a third sample. Bend right down and open your
legs.

Yea! Thought Ivor. I warned you LeAnne that it was not in your best interest not
to co-operate to the full.

Waiting until the subdued, weeping LeAnne was fully touching her toes he knelt
down between her open legs and started an intimate examination of her genitals.
LeAnne trembled and shook while this happen. 

Ivor tried to decided whether from humiliation, distress or anger. Not that it
mattered LeAnne had to submit or risk more extra painful skin tests.

Taking his time, he spent a few minutes exploring the depths of her vagina and
then took several shots of her cunt on the official camera. Testing it for
elasticity by inserting three fingers of one hand, opening them inside her, and
pushing the lens deep inside her. Lee Anne shook visibly but controlled her
panic, even when the cold lens of the camera was inserted inside her vigina. In
all a very, very though examination. He then ticked off more boxes on the his
clip board

He stood up and walked over to the large cupboard by the door

Opening it, he selected a whippy cane, which he thrashed through the air to test
its efficiency, and checked a label attached

This was a normal cane except for a strip of plastic running its length and a
readout set into the handle

Have to use this one as it is calibrated back to an original. That way the test
is authentic

LeAnne had let out a dismayed Gasp! As she had heard the cane whistle through
the air. Ivor looked at her startled upturned face and thought. "My Poor Little
18-30 holidaymaker, you don't any idea what is coming, do you. However, I
defiantly want to be there when you get it."

The Doctor then briskly took up a position slightly to the side of Le-Anne's
naked waiting bottom and again emphasised his presence by testing the cane on
thin air. 

LeAnne jumped slightly as her face winced. His explanation if asked, would to
have explained that the cane needed calibrating using the passage through the
air. LeAnne thought it appallingly sadistic

This test is designed to test the elasticity of your skin in recovering from an
impact and the effect it will have on your bottoms skin colour and skin
condition

It is essential that you keep completely still and do not move from your
position otherwise the test will be invalid and will need to be repeated. Do I
Make Myself Clear?

For once Ivor noted a demanding tone to the Doctors voice

Oh God! Said LeAnne. Please get it over with.

Please be patient warned the doctor. Before I start the test, I must set the
recording device so that other people can if necessary verify it was carried out
correctly

Oh yes thought Ivor. I am absolutely sure it will be done extremely well and
accurate

Ivor had participated as an observer in many a local teenagers beating and knew
that the good Doctor was well practised in the art of landing a cane on a girls
bottom

The Doctor left the trembling, expectant LeAnne in the necessary test position
and trained the video camera that was in the corner, on the test subject.

That should do as long as you do not move too much, he said walking back playing
with the cane in his hands

Taking up position again he again swished the cane through the air making the
tense bending girl let an out a tiny squeak and tightly close her eyes.

Still the Doctor controlled his patience.

 He was a very methodical man and as this was a controlled test, every thing had
to be correct

Positioning the cane on the bottom of the girl's backside he gently tapped the
skin, making the miserable subject tense and go rigid, her eyes tightly squeezed
shut in a attempt to ignore the coming agony. Not a good reaction when about to
be caned, as this tautened the skin. However, one Ivor fully approved of

No chance! Thought Ivor. Knowing that the girl would move like a scalded cat
once she felt the sting from the cane, he put his hand in his pocket to wank
himself off

The Doctor lowered the cane and massaged the distressed girl convicts backside.
Having one last feel thought Ivor

Satisfied that all was correct, the Doctor glanced at the video camera and
lifted the cane up above his shoulder

Crack! As it landed, LeAnne let out a shriek EEEAAAAHHHOUUCH. 

Her face contorted and her hands flew back to attempt to relieve a little of the
pain flooding her backside. As she rocked backwards and forward clucking her
burning, throbbing Nates. Ivor knew she had blown it. The Good Doctor shook his
head at a test ruined by an unsatisfactory test subject

"I Told You To Stay Still" he barked in anger

I Caaannnt shrilled LeAnne. IT Hurts., I have to test your skin That's just a
side effect retorted the doctor. Now get back into position and we will try
again

Please No! Sobbed LeAnne

You had better or I'll have you secured for disobedience and award you 10
punishment strokes. As these will be Prison enforced, no test will be needed

Ivor intervened and looked the stricken sobbing girl in the eye.

He is not joking, LeAnne, bend over and get it over with or he will have you
held and tested and you will get ten extra for non-compliance of Prison rules,
with five Wardens leering at you

The Stricken girl looked up from holding her tightly clenched bum and realised
that he was not jesting

With a wail she resumed her bent over position, exactly as before, except that
this time the skin on her backside exhibited a vivid red weal that traversed
across the ivory skin of Le-Anne's pert taut bottom. Exactly in the centre

The Doctor took a still photo of the damage as the trembling weeping LeAnne
miserably waited her second attempt to get the test right.

Waiting for the distressed female to stop trembling, he again tapped the cane on
the skin of the subjects backside. This time though a uncontrolled shaking took
over her buttocks and lower leg as it waited in dread and total apprehension.

The Doctor did not take too long this time to apply the instrument of test to
the area under test. WHACK! Aiming for the overhang of her buttock but cutting
upwards so her backside was compresses upwards, doubling the transferred of
energy

However, this time LeAnne was able to control her action enough to get a pass
Ivor. Her head did bob and her eyes squeeze closed but she was able to control
her body and hand movement to a shuffle

Better! One more to go he said, waiting for the thoroughly distressed subject to
compose itself. Looks as if your reactions are normal but better to get it
right. As he said this, he had been gently tapping Le-Anne's naked buttocks with
the middle of the cane. Conveying the message that: "This Is Where You Get The
Next Stroke".

Without warning, he let fly, flicking his wrist just as the cane made contact
with the subject's bum. This had the effect off increasing the speed of contact
and making it far more painful.

LeAnne nearly fluffed it

She shot up mouth wide-open eyes bulging, but by some marvellous self-control
stopped shot of clutching her bum cheeks, of standing up fully. She just froze
in the semi erect position; her eyes tight squeezed shut her mouth a tight thin
line.

Ivor was not so lucky; he lost control and shot his lot down his trousers. Over
excited at watching a Good looking 18-30 Tourist getting more than she bargained
for when she came to explore fare away places. 

He specialised in law in such cases and always got a thrill when despite all his
efforts a girl was sentenced to a judicial chastisement. Most he got off.
However, some unfortunately, often the good-looking ones, failed through no
fault of his own. Then he could only observe as the law justifiably took its
course

Leaving the sobbing LeAnne to get dressed and be taken away. He left to clean
himself up, ready for the action to come sometime in the next hour

Just stopping for a bit to eat and piss. He knew that Miss LeAnne Walker would
now be resting??

Knowing what was coming to the unfortunate holidaymaker, he definitely wanted to
be there to see LeAnne get it, as she was made to suffer for her crime.

As he entered, the door of the Transgression Administration Room Ivor spoke to
the Official in charge. He had recently got in some Western goods for him and
expected to get participation in the coming event. He was not disappointed. It
had all been arranged. However, in a way as not to bring any suspicion of
discredit to the service.

LeAnne was sent for and brought pale and breathing hard to the Administration
room.

The Administering Officer was good. He sat the near fainting Girl, LeAnne
Walker, down on a nearby chair and talked her through the coming procedure while
the official camera whirred silently in the corner

As she sat, Ivor could confirm he had surmised correctly, about her not sitting
comfortably again, as watched her wince and gasp as she sat carefully down. In
addition, that was with just three medical strokes decorating her arse.

With great anticipation, he was looking forward to observing her getting the
prescription that would make her scream with pain if something even accidentally
touched her bottom, for the next week

Explaining the procedure, the Officer said. When you are ready, you will be
asked to remove your skirt, top and your Bra. The Bra as it restricts breathing.
Your pants, we will take down when we are about to administer your punishment.

One you have removed the necessary garments, stand and regain your composure.

When you are ready, we will walk you forward and get you to locate yourself over
the bench. Place your stomach on the padded top and wait while your legs are
clipped into their holding clips, however take your time so you are not
uncomfortable. There is no rush, so take you time and try to relax but the
quicker you are ready, the quicker to whole distressing episode will be over and
you can rest easy.

Your legs will then be secured to the lower slider bar. 

When those are secured, you will be asked to bend right over and grasp the bar
placed near floor. Once you are comfortable, your wrist will then be secured. Do
you understand?

Do not be frightened to wiggle your hips or ask someone to move your body if you
feel uneasy. Any questions. 

Nnoo whispered the terrified LeAnne

The Presiding officer, who will remain unanimous to you, will then lower your
underwear, extend your legs and prepare your bottom to receive the punishment
awarded by the Court. A strap will be secured across your waist so you do not
move and injure yourself. 

Sentence will then commence after the Presiding Officer is satisfied all the
prelim customs have taken place.

After local protocol has been observed, you will be quickly released and will
receive any medical or other attention that is necessary. Unfortunately, that
does not include painkillers so the residual discomfort you will have, you will
have to endure. This being felt, will enforce the deterrent significantly  

LeAnne looked a little more composed as if she was going to undertake some
slightly inconvenient medical procedure

Do I take off my clothes before I bend over? She asked a little dazed by her
coming ordeal.

NO! Said the Officer as if talking to an idiot child. You will stand up and
remove all your cloths except your pants. These will be removed by the Presiding
Officer before he attends to his requirements. He will then cane your arse. Is
that understood?

LeAnne nodded vaguely

Ivor was always intrigued by the official Gobilty gook. It was all so genteel.
Why just not say, Give you the "Hiding of Your Life, Till You Scream in Pain".
You are going to get the full twenty-four strokes hard across that deserving
arse even though we know you wont be able to handle it after about the second
stroke. We are all really looking forward to caning you until your arse is red
raw and you are nearly losing your mind with pain. Which was what everybody knew
was going to happen in reality.

He was also always amazed in the fact that as soon as the girl was placed over
the bench and her pants had been pulled down and her legs separated, it was the
Local accepted but unspoken custom for the Presiding Officer to make use of the
female's cunt to relieve the pressure in his balls. He wondered if she knew. 

While it would not have been officially explained to the convicted Holidaymaker.
It was highly likely that one of the officiating Wardens would have taken
sadistic delight in whispering in her ear, what his Penis would be doing inside
her body while she lay captive and available over the whipping bench.

Maybe they had and she had refused to believe that this was even a remote
possibility in that country

For this event, he had arranged to be the Presiding officer. He wondered how the
Lady in question would mentally take it as she felt his Dick between her legs.
Not very well he thought

Physically she could do nothing except scream, shout and protest with her voice,
as she would be so physically restrained that no part of her except her head and
legs could move. He was sure, mentally she would be shaken to the core. An event
he was looking forward to with glee.

He had no qualms about his involvement. Miss LeAnne Walker was going to feel 24
strokes of the cane lash her bottom and was going to have her cunt used for sex
no matter what he did, His job, he was to oversee it. Therefore, he might as
well partake in her ordeal rather than waste that opportunity.

When you are ready, Miss Walker said the Administrating Officer

LeAnne stood up and slowly removed her clothes. The Top went first, giving the
watching Wardens and the hidden cameras a good sight of her magnificent breasts
contained in a low cut Bra.

Then she slowly undid her skirt, sliding them down her legs until she bent
sideways, lifting one leg to remove it then standing on the other to take them
off completely

Ivor's Dick grew stiffer and stiffer as he caught a glimpse of the hapless
convicted girl's panty covered pussy

Ivor was not worried about the hidden camera. He knew all those present would
have their faces blurred out in the editing. All that is except the Star LeAnne.
She would have to put up with having her face and body complete with close ups
of her sexual organs, sent winging over the Internet to any perverted Voyeur who
wanted to Wank off while seeing her suffer. There were many, who would pay
handsomely for a real painful judicial video. 

LeAnne stood up, placed her hands behind her and undid and removed her Bra

Standing upright, her chest rose and fell rapidly as she struggled to calm her
panic-stricken body 

At this point, the Officer took hold of her arm and for a reason unknown to her,
gently turned her. This was so that the hidden camera could capture her proud
tits in silhouette and the outline of her backside that was soon to be agony.
This shot was to be used on the cover of the recording along with her agonised
weeping, distressed face as she reacted to a cane hitting her bare backside. The
pre publicity shots would include a close up of the skin of her backside as it
creased as it absorbed the energy from the cane

Are you ready to take up your position? The Officer holding her arm lightly
said. LeAnne felt she was in a theatre and he was escorting to her seat, not to
have her seat chastised.

The pale LeAnne took a step forwards, giving the future watching perverts a
grand glimpse of her body in movement. A splendid taste of what it would be like
when twitching in agony. An opportunity to get their balls tight in readiness. 

Stopping at the bench the Officer gripped Le-Anne's neck resolutely and
positively pushed her down over the padded top. Saying. "If you would like to
bend over the box and stick your bottom in the air Miss Walker I will have your
legs secured first". He did not force her head right down but let her almost
kneel on the edge of the box as she felt the metal clamps encircle her ankles.

This pose allowed the watching cameras to capture a fine topless portrait of the
Tourist being forced to pose before having a very distressing experience. It
caught the tears welling in the corners of her eyes, the bewilderment at the
course of events and the terror that was welling up in her stomach. As she
contemplated the pain, she would be experiencing in the next few minutes. She
had now realised just how much this was going to hurt and did not fancy the
experience at all.

Legs secured, the Officer told the wretched Girl to lay down and grasp the bar
near the floor

To do this she had to reach out, stretching to do so. This brought her bottom
into prominence. At just the right height for the watching camera and the
waiting cane.

The Warden at the front quickly secured the girls hands. The Officer bent over
and talked to her. Are you comfortable? Yes whispered LeAnne. Ignoring her he
lifted the girls hips so that the buttocks were more prominent and in a better
position. Making sure the cameras could get good shots of her tortured buttocks
as they twitched jiggled and contorted as the cane struck with full force.
Moreover, of course, so she could be easily fucked without any fumbling.

He then walked around to the front and positioned the front illicit camera so it
would capture the full expression he knew she would portray on her face as her
punishment progressed

Then things slowed, Now the convicted holidaymaker / partygoer was positioned ,
there was no hurry. The officials wanted to get it right and if the Slut had to
wait 20 minutes longer to receive her sentence, then so be it.

There had been a rush to get her into the Transgression Administration Room,
just in case the Foreign Press caught a whiff that a Western Girl was being
flogged. But now it was too late. No matter what happened outside, this young
Lady was going to get up in about 35 minutes time with a red raw bottom, a mind
that was crazy with pain and a cunt that was filled with spunk. and that cunt
would certainly be well filled ,as all the other Wardens in rank order had a
customary right to give the girl one in which ever orifice they fancied while
her bottom was still twitching from the cane strokes it had just received

Not that she would go out with a cunt full. Once she was off the bench, she
would be flushed out with a hosepipe. That was so Secrecy, Dignity and Decorum
could be preserved and reality hidden ..



 Watching the exquisite bodied P  R girl positioned to receive her well-deserved 
thrashing, Ivor  mind was taken back to last night when he attended the official
charging of Caroline, Lee-Ann's partner in crime.

The petite blonde 17 year old had been  brought from her cell where she had been
residing for several hours while her case was discussed.

The distressed girl was marched in front of the charging officer, a large
brutish Negro and told  to stand with her hands on her head..

The Ivor watched with barely suppressed excitement .

While he had not ever attended  even a local girls official warning he did know
that this young lady was not going to get away with a simple  telling off.

The behaviour of this Teenage Temptress had upset far too many  people in high
up places.

He didn't know what exactly that this young lady was in for but he suspected  a
extremely hard time

He had been warned that the spoilt  young lady was going to get her sexy bottom
soundly spanked and was looking forward with high expectation in seeing the
little Madam being made to present her tight little immature pert buttocks for
someone to induce intense pain in.

Dressed as she was in a pair of extremely tight cotton jeans, and a  top that
barely covered her small breasts , she looked a pretty little thing who looked
completely out her of her depth facing the charges she was accused of .

She tried to look as if she regretted the whole sordid affair. Her cute little
pale-faced framed with its short cut blonde hair stared fixed in front of her.
Her dark brown eyes welling with tears .

Her very kissable mouth with its red lips down at both corners as she tried
desperately to avoid serious punishment

The charging officer spoke sternly to her, telling her that she had committed a
extremely immoral offence. And that her colleague was now languishing in a cell
having been charged with gross moral conduct. And in the morning, she would be
attending court where she faced the prospect of being condemned to receive a
severe thrashing for her sins .

Looking Caroline directly in the eye. He retorted that she was extremely lucky
that at 17 she did not face a similar fate.

Caroline's face went pale as she contemplated the possibility of being caned.

But continued the charging officer, you are considered a minor until you reach
the age of 18.

Therefore, if you plead guilty to the following official warning then the matter
can be dealt without of the court i.e. At station  level.

Caroline was relieved to hear this. There was no doubt she was guilty as she had
seen the tapes of her drunken behaviour. And she felt quite ashamed. All she
wanted to do was to get out and get home.

Caroline replied in a small voice that yes she was prepared to plead guilty, so
the large Negro officer produced a official document and read it to her.

Caroline James, you had been charged with gross indecent and immoral conduct and 
are being given a official warning of your conduct.

This will mean that after all the official procedures have been completed , you
along with your colleague will be deported as soon as possible .

Putting up the paper aside the charging officer, growled,, I am warning you
unofficially that if you contest this then the prosecution will go for maximum
sentence which could be five years in prison .

 It took all of three seconds for Caroline to plead guilty as charged

The charging officer smiled  sickly at the youngster and said in a growl .
There's a good girl now we can complete the paperwork. If you would just like to
sign here, we can proceed with the necessary informalities. there is a fine to
pay but it shouldn't brother a Little Scrubber like you .

All this innuendo passed over Caroline to head as she quickly scribbled her
signature on the bottom of the document.

It wasn't until she noticed a ripple of excitement rippling round the room that
she realised that one of the  attending officers had produced a large leather
strap.

What is that for stuttered a bemused Caroline.

This is your unofficial desert for your disgusting behaviour last night. call it
your fine payment

What are you going to do uttered a horrified  Caroline.

This! replied the large Negro, as he reached forward and grabbed the petrified
girl by the waist and lifted her off the floor, so her body was tucked under his
arm with her backside sticking out and her legs dangling

Caroline tried to struggle but such was the grip of a huge Negro that all she
was able to do was to kick her legs.

One of the attending officers a  slim young Negroess took the wicked looking
leather strap from the officer who had produced it and pulled it slowly through
her hand.

This one's mine , at least for the first part

From under the huge Negroes armpit came a pitiful cry. Leave me alone I did what
she said.

Yes replied the black female officer. That was the official part. Now you have
to pay the fine. I hope that you are a virtuous young lady? Otherwise, custom
dictates that you have to pay a far larger payment

With that statement ringing in her ears, Caroline felt her skin-tight jeans,
which she had been so proud to display the night before being firmly but
remorselessly pulled down to her ankles .

Exposing her bright red throng that she had worn in anticipation of a exciting
night on the town .

The jeans were completely removed and very quickly, the throng  found itself
joining it on the floor leaving the large Negro holding tightly a girl with a
totally exposed bottom..

 Ivor watch with interest at the teenagers  now bare backside and noted the
extremely welcome sight of a randy cunt peering out from between her legs
surrounded by a light fluffy covering of blonde pubic hair .

 This was the reason he had got so early out of bed that morning to see a
extremely good looking teenager having her prime assets put on public display..

He had no qualms, last night this young lady had paraded herself almost totally
naked, using the attractions that nature had given her to attract a mate for
life, in a disgusting and lewd way.

You're not going to beat me cried to terrified 17-year-old blonde.

No not yet young lady, a little inspection is necessary to see whether you have
further penalties to pay.

The blonde struggling in the grip of the Negro felt her ankles being  gripped
and her legs being gently but firmly spread so that the inspecting Officer could
clearly inspector the object that was possibly now second hand .

Ivor watching from the sidelines was pretty well convinced, knowing girls who
went on 18-30 holidays that the product would shows signs of wear.

He was correct

It did not take long for the  investigating officers  long fingers to inveigle
themselves into Caroline's well displayed vagina.

The slim Negroess did not have to proclaim the to the world that Caroline had
had recent sexual intercourse. The inside of her a vagina was a vivid shade of
red declaring to those who observed it had been seriously excited t in at the
last 24 hours

The fact that the local lad had used a condom , did not enter into her clearly
immoral conduct. this girl was definitely not a virgin

I'm on the pill, I'm on the pill cried a distraught embarrassed Caroline.

That's good replied the officer inspecting her cunt more thoroughly. Because
before we have finished with you, tonight you are going to have to pay all these
four officers their unofficial over time .

My task is to make sure that in between payments you suffer remorse of the most
painful kind.

Caroline wiggled fruitlessly as she felt a whole of her inner secrets exposed to 
the watching lustful gaze of the four attending male officers  the female
wandering hands gently squeezed and stroked the fleshy folds of the errant
females cunt. It was the first time he had had her genitals so minutely
inspected and the shame and embarrassment showed

The fact that it was a woman caressing and manipulating her sexual orifice only
made the poor girl more ashamed

With that, the huge Negro who was holding the 17 year-old firmly in position sat
down on a high chair thoughtfully provided by a eager member of staff.

Putting a Caroline's lower orifices at a suitable height for easy access .

A height that could be easily adjusted by just tilting her body slightly up or
down. The Ivor felt his loins getting warm as he took in this sight of a
sexually mature but  still developing girl is made to vulgarly display all her
attractions .

You can't do this screeched a terrified Caroline it's illegal, it's not right, I
shall complain.

Complain all you like you  pretty little slut. In this country, girls like you
would suffer for the rest of their life for their rampant immoral behaviour.

With a little bit of luck we will send you on your way with a well stuffed cunt
and a well tanned  arse as suits a immoral slut like you.

Sadistically the female officer walked round to the front end of the girl
trapped in the grip of the thugs armpit and spitefully slapped the girl's face
cheeks.

Waving  the leather strap, which was certainly thick and solid,  though flexible
and explained exactly what was going to happen.

Looking around her Caroline could see the local officers had all dropped and
removed their trousers , leaving Caroline to stare at four solid thick penis's
poking out from the their shirt tails' which obscenely still had a tie tickling 
the red engorged tips.

Realising exactly what they intended to do with them Caroline tried desperately
to escape.

All that happened was her legs flapped wildly in the air exciting the watching
officers even more.

When I am ready I am going to administer to 12 solid slaps to that shameful
backside of yours

Then one of the officers is going to attempt to impregnate you with local sperm.
If as you say you are on the pill then there will be no more result than you
expected from your holiday. But young lady if you have been foolish enough to
not protect yourself then you will soon be the proud mother of a bouncing  bonny
baby.

Unfortunately, it will be difficult to prove which of these randy young officers
actually produced that deserved result. As DNA, testing is forbidden by law in
this country.

Just to put it down to one of your unfortunate couplings you were expecting from
this holiday.

Caroline was terrified, she knew she had brought the pills but could not
remember If she had taken them  rigorously

When the  officer has had his payment on account then young lady I am going to
administer another 12 solid strokes to your now red. But yet not swollen
backside

This will have the effect , if you hadn't already, of you orgasming. If that
doesn't succeed then the officer will repeat his impaling . But this time your
pretty little bum hole will be the recipient.

When he has finished, I'll then treat your backside to a another appropriate
tanning.

If you wonder when your punishment is going to be over. That depends entirely on
how good you can concentrate your mind.

Just imagine you are being a shagged by one of your holiday conquests

Each of these good officers is going to produce in you a excruciatingly erotic
orgasm. And until he has done, so he will keep coming back for seconds , thirds
possibly 4th attempts

And if you think that the officer holding you is going to abstain then you are
mistaken.

As rightly befits a charging officer he has the largest weapon of them all and
at the end after you have completed your task in orgasming for each of the your
officers.

He is going to take a great delight in having you held suspended off the floor,
one eager officer holding one leg or arm face down while he stands between your
spread eagled legs and   attends to his needs with his oversized engorged cock.
By inserting it between the cheeks of your backside and reaming your back
passage

He will then  administer the final thrashing of your backside. A painful
experience when stretched tight between four officers

I will then have you turned face up so I can stand legs apart and I can spread
eagle your face and get you to commit a act of a gross indecency on my sexual
organs. While the charging officer administers his donation to your future
happiness, directly into your cunt .

As one last salute to your audacity incoming to our country to practise your
obscene holiday debauchery . Each of the officers will queue up in turn, at I
expect your eager mouth and urinate until they have emptied their bladders into
that disgusting oral cavity you call a mouth

As a treat, your observing lawyer has asked to be allowed to coat your tonsils
with his sperm as a final salute to your debauchery. While he has not asked, the
charging officer has already expressed a opinion that your disgusting behaviour
is tended to by a fellow countryman. So, it is quite possible you will have a
choice of six impregnators to choose from.

Once we have achieved our objective, which will take several hours you will be
attended to by the forces nurses who will carefully bandage and seal each of
your orifices, making sure you fully absorb the result of your holiday orgy. and
you will be sent to your cell for your body to feast on all the body fluids you
have absorb .

Within 12 hours, you should have absorbed all the  bodily fluids that you craved
and you will be ready to wait to be deported. The exact time will depend upon
your colleague in crime sentence.

With that Susan as the female officer was called , walked back to admire the
area  that was to be unofficially but soundly abused.

Susan gently caressed the target area in front to her , watching the image
reflected in a strategically placed mirror. In it, she could see of the slut
face start to panic and show signs of total distress . Her very kissable mouth
crinkling up in fear, tears  started to appear in those dark well-like  eyes.

She started to plead. Please, please let me go, I won't do anything like this
again.

The avenging Susan smiled at the face in mirror and brought her the strap
whistling down to hit the disgusting holidaymaker solidly on the buttocks.

Caroline went rigid and tried to remove her backside from the sudden fire, which
had erupted on it, but to no avail.

Susan took aim again and landed the second. Being a large flat strap the affect
on Caroline the sluttish blonde was electrifying.

She desperately tried twisting her body, flexing her legs, and trying to free
her hands from the crushing armpits of the Negro who held her.

All that happened was that  her eyes bulged from her head and her mouth opened
in a her ear splitting shriek at the pain radiating out from her nether regions.

The administrating officer totally ignored her shrieks and pleadings and soundly
spanked the errant teenagers bottom.

The  lawyer watching  drank in this sight of the teenagers, naked exposed
writhing bottom . Still childish and slim, the hormones she was now producing
had not turned her into a mature woman as yet . Soon her slim pert buttocks
would expand as she matured. But at the moment to Ivor's eye, her backside was
extremely enticing. And he felt his Dick move within his trousers as the object
of his desire danced a involuntary  dance stirring his loins even more

The only observable effect was that the watching officers dicks actually grew in
length, and drooled a tiny drop of sperm from their ends.

Ivor was ecstatic as this teenage temptress had her immature backside soundly
strapped .

Glancing at the watching officers, he quickly imitated their actions and totally
removed his trousers and underwear .

Noticing his actions the large Negro holding this  screaming teenager nodded ,
and mouthed 100 units

Ivor nodded his agreement and stepped forward as Susan landed the last cracking
a blow.

A blow that totally flattened the teenage felons bum cheeks so that both the
areas next to be abused could be clearly seen.

Standing back as Ivor's approach  Susan gently but firmly parted the errant
teenagers immature sex lips and gently guided Ivor's stiff Dick into Caroline's
waiting but certainly unwilling cunt. The fact she was unwilling was confirmed
by the extremely loud noises coming from the teenagers mouth. as she desperately
tried to  avoid the richly deserved  results of her immoral behaviour

Whispering in Ivor's ear to give the girl what she fully and justifiably
deserved, he stood back  and pressed her hand against Ivor's naked backside.

This took Ivor by surprise . he had reckoned to gently ream the girls love tube
but the sudden touch of a hand on a very sensitive area caused him to violently
penetrate the sobbing totally distressed girl.

The Negro female officer grinned at the reflection in the Mirror as a look of
total horror took the place of total shock on the girls face..

This was reinforced by the fact that not to being sure of her state of fertility
Caroline suddenly realised it was quite possible for her to be a mother. A
lasting result from a well-spent holiday.

As much as he had wanted to gently fuck this deserving slut, the officiating
officer had other plans . Every time he withdrew his cock slowly up the girls
cunt. The presiding officer applied strong pressure to his anus with her finger
so he was forced to rapidly force his Dick back to into the girls vagina to
avoid the embarrassment of having the officers finger entering his back passage. 

Susan had no intention of allowing this young lady to enjoy her cunt being
ravished, being raped was supposed to be totally unpleasant

With this treatment, it was not long before he strongly ejaculated the contents
of his balls deep into the body  cavity of the girl called Caroline

Panting heavily, he then withdrew to watch Susan administer the second set of
soundly applied spanks to the girls errant bottom

As the last was applied to the now screaming, delinquent Caroline. The officer 
turned to him and said it looks as if you're going to have to go again. the
scheming  girl isn't doing as she was told and enjoying it.

With that, Susan roughly spread the girls now red and slightly swollen buttocks
and  anointed thick black grease to the girls anus. .

Using a forefinger she pushed the black grease way into the girls back passage
the girls started screaming at this unwanted intrusion.

Leering at the exhausted lawyer, she then firmly grasped his Dick and forced the
circumcised tip into the girls  back passage.

Forcing open the spinnaker muscle of the girl was achieved to by subjecting her
male colleague to similar treatment. jabbing her finger hard into Ivor's anus.
Giving the man a minute imitation of what the poor unfortunate miscreant was
feeling.

Again the shock of being anally raped by a woman finger, this time by one which
actually penetrated past his anus, made him force his way deep into the girls
shit tube .

This time the administrating officer allowed him to masturbate up the girls hole
at his own rate , knowing that the poor slut would be the feeling totally
defiled by the simple fact of a unnatural act being perpetrated on her.

It took Ivor several minutes to ejaculate into the girls intestines, but the
total indignity seemed to have sparked off a reaction in the Randy teenage
holidaymaker.

Ivor felt the girls intestines grip his Dick quite painfully as the girl was
horrifyingly forced into what should have been a satisfying if not loving orgasm
.

There that you, and the girl satisfied stated the abusing Negroess , now to
continue her punishment.

Standing back, Ivor was interested to see that the girl now lay completely inert
with sperm gently dripping from both orifices. Mingling with her fine blonde
pubic hairs before  dripping on to the floor

Seeing his interested expression,  the slim young Negroess commented. Didn't he
know that a girl weeps excess sperm out of her cunt. If the silly bitch hasn't
taken her pill, it's quite possible that you have put her up the duff.

But it takes several minute's for sperm to actually a trickle into the womb past
the cervix and by that time it will have mingled with one of the other officers
cume. I hope she doesn't have twins as it is quite possible that she could have
one from each of you.

Caroline lay horrified feeling Ivor's sperm making it way up her inside. What
would her family say if she went home pregnant.

Pity we have got to deport her commented Susan. If she was from this country the
Bitch would be made to carry it to full term just so everybody would know what a
dirty little cow she is.

12 solid strokes later, the first officiating officer dipped his wick into the
little sluts waiting sex orifice. First arranging for the holding officer to tip
the girls bottom slightly more downwards. He felt it was below his dignity to
have to stand on tiptoe when trying to impregnate a Slapper

The girl went into a orgasm almost immediately . The loins of the shagging
officer didn't even falter .

He was here for his a pleasure, not hers . let the whore realise that she was a 
worthless piece of shit and if he had his way he would condemn her for life,
short as it would be to a local brothel to be used as a State benefit to the
needy .

Not that the  slut was fit to be used even for that. What was Western democracy
coming to. If he had his way he would have her tied naked in the town square and
have all the villagers from miles around watch her  being shagged by the local
pack of cur dogs in-between receiving  cut's from a cane.

Once interest had started to wane at the constant couplings, have her tied naked
upright in a spread position and have her nipples and cunt coated with burning
hot acid, leaving her to writhe for the amusement of the audience. before having
her sexual characteristics, her breasts , her cunt lips, her mouth lips and her
nose removed and fed to the now exhausted dogs.

Then to be allowed to expire and her body left on show until it fell to the
ground  a heap of bleached bones. left to be a example to others. Better for one
sluttish girl to suffer than to drag down many other decent girls.

Ramming his cock solidly up and down the girls cunt the friction he produced
caused the girl to start moaning and taking an interest in what was actually
happening to her lower body.

When the  officer ejaculated into her Ivor was interested to see her face change
once again into a horrified mask as she realised she had just received a new lot
of fresh sparkling sperm.

Ivor was intelligent enough ,to realise realises that the gross act of having to
accept sperm  being injected into her belly was going to have a devastating
effect on her mentally.

This was why he had taken up for post of defending lawyer of immoral females

He could defend his lust for revenge on the female sex by doing his best to
reduce a girls punishment. 

But he knew from time to time he could indulge his fetishes and justifiably
watch a girl goes through unmentionable torment as she was legally and
justifiably punished. by the state.

He was glad he was able to watch the tormenting and from time to time with a
little inducement, he could actually legally defile and abuse an attractive
young lady.

He justified it by realising that some teachers immigrated to the Third World
just because caning of Schoolgirls was still allowed.

Susan  picked up the wicked  looking strap and proceeded to larrup the girls
backside again knowing full well that  another orgasm  so quickly after the last
was a near impossibility.

Well the girl will would just have to endure her arse being penetrated for the
second time.

Serves the girl right for coming looking for illicit sex, she was now getting it
in abundance.

Again Susan regretted the fact that if she was impregnated the Bitch would most
probably have it disposed of.

It would  true justice if she had to go through with it until she saw the
results of her obscene behaviour appear between her legs.

Not that she should be allowed to keep it of course. in her country it would be
put up instantly for sale even before its head had fully emerged between her
randy thighs

As  her arse was penetrated the second time Susan watched with satisfaction as
the girls arse cheeks clenched and unclenched in time with the penetration .

And her head nodded in desperation as the officer totally degraded her mind,
before filling her back passage with a gooey sticky revolting mess of salty
spunk.

Once the officer had withdrawn wiping his Dick on the girls bare skin.

Then it was back to again turning the girl into a agonise wreck of pain as 
again her immature slim bottom felt the stinging caress of  a leather strap.

As she worked her way up and down the girls immature backside she wondered
whether the maker of the strap she were using had made it lovingly, or knowing
that it had purpose which was to induce agonising pain into a felons bottom ,
and whether he or she cared whether he it was a male or female who would be
squirmy in agony .

Susan love to intimidate and abuse females , especially young inexperienced sexy
teenagers . This one it was a bonus being white, and exceedingly young and sexy.

After the third officer had had his fill, she decided that the White whore
really needed the loving touch of a female.

While training abroad, she had purchased a large white ivory strappon dildo.
This was the time to see just how effective it was in reaming a girl wide open.
Luckily, she had not purchased the very large one so the girl was in no danger
of permanent damage but as she felt it penetrate her,  she would definitely know
that she was  something special to be used.

It would be interesting to watch her face as she placed the smaller end into her
cunt leaving the enormous hard unyielding white ivory end to penetrate  the girl
and stretch her as if she really was having a baby's head protruding between her
legs .

Calling a halt to the rape of her victim , they had all night and Caroline
needed time to recover she fetched the obscene dildo from the nearby  locker.

Ivor seeing her fondling it came over to help her adjust it correctly.

All this was done him in full view of Caroline who could only imagine exactly
what a grotesque piece of ivory was going to feel like.

She very quickly got that experience.

Positioning herself between the thighs of the tortured girl she carefully
greased the orifice knowing that the girl would be feeling and anticipating
every single action her that she did, waiting for that moment when she had to
accept that the coloured Bitch was actually going to impale the her on it.

Watching the girl's face in the mirror she approached, the hard Ivory dildo
sticking obscenely out from her slim body.

The girl's face took on many expressions, ranging from the unbelieving, through
horror to complete and utter terror.

Being extremely careful not to injure the organ as the goals sex lips bulged 
obscenely around the monstrosity that was impaling her.

As she had no idea of the girls depth, only penetrated so that the huge bulbous
helmet was a completely engulfed by the girls tightly stretched love tube.

But that act was enough for the girl to let out a unearthly wail as she was
horribly violated.

Once she was sure that the girl was not going to be injured, she let her
experience the total horror of being made to give birth over and over again. A
very satisfying feeling ran over the officiating Negroess as she  forced the
girl to experience the natural consequences of allowing herself to be fucked.

After a session lasting several minutes in which the poor unfortunate  blonde
underwent a very painful orgasm. Her abuser withdrew and let the prisoner rest.

Passing her to one of the officers who had already sampled the girls delights
she left to have a well planned break and refreshments.

Leaving the girl draped over a  abusers naked lap in the knowledge that the poor
unfortunate  teenage holiday maker would be too exhausted to attempt to escape
the rest of her punishment.

Ivor always ready to take advantage of a situation, pulled up a chair and sat
down on it in front of the girl's head. legs wide apart , his Dick sticking up
obscenely from between his legs. He had  deliberately had all the pubic hairs
around his cock shaved away making it even more red and obscene

Gripping her hair he lovingly made  Caroline lift her head and slivered forward,
placing his erect cock under her chin then forced the girls head down. His cock 
entered past her tight lips, and penetrated deeply into her throat. The girl
came to life  just enough to realise she had another task to do. Encouraging her
by a pulling on her hair she soon got into a rhythm . A couple of times he had
to press hard on the back of the girls head as she seemed reluctant to kiss the
sharp stubble left around his balls but after a few retches she it settled into
soothing rhythm.

  Laying back in the chair, his legs wide open around the girls head he allowed
himself the luxury of a total None- involvement masturbation . It has a nice to
lay back relaxed and watch the girls head travel, he knew extremely unwillingly
, up and down his stiff member as she lay completely naked over the officers
naked lap .

 The watching officers having their refreshments grinned and passed comments at
the antics of the foreigner.

To them to get a girl to give head was a daily experience, what they didn't
realise was the subtlety in Ivor's intentions.

He and girl knew that this was not part of her punishment and what she was
doing, and going to have to do , was entirely voluntary even if she knew the
consequences of not complying.

Ivor was getting a great kick in making the teenager suck his cock and making
her swallow the subsequent ejaculation entirely voluntary.

Knowing that by doing so, her subjugation and defilement were total.

After the one hour break, the unofficial chastisement of the blonde teenager
continued .

She had lain totally passive over the attending officers lap her moaning only
cut short when Ivor used her as a masturbating tool.

Instructing the officer to hold her firmly the tall and slim Susan proceeded to
, not to re warm her bottom but instructed the large 4th officer to sample the
delights of her cunt.

Getting the securing officer to raise the girls rear ends up to a easily
fuckable height the 4th officer gripped the girls  shoulders and forced his
rampant Dick slowly but forcibly into the girls available cunt.

A slightly more intelligent officer he wanted the girl to realise that her
torment was not over, this had just been at a break, the girl shook into life as
she realised she was again being forced to accept an alien unwanted penis
depositing potentially fertilising sperm inside her belly.

The rest had given her mind a chance to relax, now the horror was being
continued,. All she had wanted was a exciting, Randy holiday, but with nice
attractive sexy boys. Not the unwilling encounter and use of her body by anybody
who fancied having a sex with her.

Watching the girls  reaction to this the intrusion, Ivor was satisfied that this
girl was not going to have a s satisfactory future love life. In addition, was
sure that when repatriated would not hit even complain about her treatment
overseas but quietly retire, suffering horrifying flashbacks of her unofficial
degradation on holiday.

As situation, which Ivor found immensely satisfactory.

Taking a break from a scenario that was getting slightly boring he wandered over
to the tea table and rested his eyes 

It wasn't until horrendous shrieking made him look up that he realises it that a
girl was now about to experience totally inert rape.

The girl had been lifted up from the man's lap and was now totally suspended
three feet off the floor, face down , and spread eagled in the middle of the
floor.

Her exquisite pale young body tightly stretched, and unable to move even a
muscle except to scream . The brutish huge Negro stood between her widely
stretched legs, his black fingers prising apart her arse cheeks in preparation
for the ritual buggering of her back passage.

Her back passage had been invaded several times, but this was totally different.

Held totally immobile, and  unable even to twitch a muscle she had to wait,
while the huge Negro gently inserted his ramrod stiff penis totally engulfing it
up to his pubic hairs, invading deeply her back passage.

The feeling was utterly and totally devastating, the girl had to endure a long
slow process of feeling an exceedingly large revolting penis invading her
intestines.

A totally unnatural act, and to make matters worse the Negro had sadistically
approached her from the rear, so all she could see was a pair of legs
approaching her with the declared intention of buggering her  bottom.

Such was her anticipation that she lived the actual act several times over
before the seemingly disappointingly horrific penetration actually took place.

Just as the Negro had planned it.

Once in, he very slowly but consistently moved it fully in and fully out so the
poor unfortunate blondes teenager rear had to endure the feeling of total
sensation and penetration continually from a period of at least 10 minute's
before she felt the invading penis kick hit into life. The Negro had a wickedly
arranged it to so his Dick was fully engulfed up her arse when he shot a huge
amount of warm body fluid into her arse.

The continual total sensation of being buggered and then making a Caroline feel
the consequences invade her bowels giving the Negro the satisfaction he was
looking for.

As he withdrew the slim sadistic Susan clapped at the performance he had given,
and intense suffering he had made the girl endure. Finishing the girls face down
punishment, the Negro proceeded to lambaste the girls pert ass cheeks.

Because she was in a stretched horizontal position and the strap could descend
vertically on to her backside. The agony that she felt as the strap lashed into
her slim buttocks was it entirely different to that she had endured while her
bottom was tightly bent.

The beauty of it was that after a rest in hospital any investigating foreign
government would not be able to satisfactorily come to the conclusion that the
girl had been violated. the marks of the strap would disappear before her friend
was ready for deportation

Against her would-be, the video of her disgusting exhibitionism the night before
which would make it very unlikely that she would be believed.

Susan wasn't going to be outdone.

Having the girl turned over so that her face stared up at the ceiling she slowly
approached the unfortunate blonde, holding her skirt up and pulling to one side
the crutch of her white knickers, her sex lips wide open. Such was her
excitement that she dripped wet as she approached.

Allowing the girl time to anticipate exactly what he was going to have to
endure. She lowered herself onto the girls face, whispering in her ear to do a
thorough lick job or she would have her cunt filled with squirming, wriggling
maggots after her ordeal in the punishment room.

Caroline realising that there was still plenty of horrors waiting if she did not
oblige herself in licking the black Negroess inner love tube. The black Bitch
got her satisfaction not from the fact she was being stimulated but by knowing
that sensation in her love tube was sending more and more cunt fluid deep into
the girls open throat. And that she would have to swallow it or drown.

While she was safely spewing her dues down the girl's throat, she signalled to
the Negro to lovingly penetrate the girls cunt.

Look of despair that was betrayed on the girls face, or at least the bit that
showed around the Negroess thighs, showed total devastation as she was sexually
abused at both ends.

This Act was deliberately prolonged, so that the errant teenager felt she was
totally immersed in sexual bodily fluid.

To reinforce this Ivor was commanded to masturbate in the girls mouth once the
slim Negroess had finished . Because of the many ejaculations he had
experienced, it was many minutes before the girl had to stop sucking and swallow
desperately to stop her choking as the lawyer first ejaculated into her mouth
knowing that it would drop straight onto the girls tonsils, He then followed
this action of forcibly squeezing her muscles of his bladder, so he painfully
flooded the girls air ways with his piss.

The girl eye is bulged as she struggled to contain liquid flooding her throat
and forcing its way into her lungs.

It was only by coughing and swallowing that she was able to stop herself
physically drowning in someone else's waste liquid.

Once he felt his bladder was empty, Susan instructed her to open her mouth.

One at a time the five members of the local force approached the girl and empted
the contents of his bladder into the spluttering girls open mouth .

Reinforcing the total involvement of bodily fluids entering her body.

Watching from the sidelines as the wretch of a girl was forced to swallow. Ivor
realise  the total devastation that this type of treatment had on a respectable
Western girl.

He was now totally and looking forward to the official punishment of Ms Lee-Ann
Walker to see how it compared.

He had just witnessed the total destruction of a very desirable sexy, young
blonde. He was hoping that he could repeat the experience later on with a much
more sophisticated Trollop.







All this was unknown to LeAnne, as she lay prone over the bench. Because her
head was low, she could not see what was happening behind he as she lay
desperately waiting to feel the first agonising cane stroke disciplining her.

She could not understand the wait. Why did they not get it over with, her bottom
was positioned to get it and the cane was ready to hit her? Please, please,
please get on with it.

What she did not realise was that the camera was recording her bent over body.
Picking up the desperation on her face as she waited to be punished. Building up
the tension in the Perverts minds so the Future customers could wank themselves
off in expectation of the hiding she was going to receive. Still having time to
do it again as she screamed and shouted out her agony to the watching Internet
perverts.

The position she was held in was giving LeAnne trouble. Her predicament in being
laid face down with her genitalia on show was playing havoc with her mind. While
terrified, her mind kept imagining an unknown person was about to have sex with
her. This thought made her discharge fluid in readiness of the imagined shag

Ivor used the time to saunter over to the Convicted Tourist and keeping it a
little discrete, ran his hands over the prone girls well-displayed rump. The
Camera caught LeAnne stiffen as she felt his touch. Ivor felt her flinch and
smiled to himself. The bench was designed to well present a bottom, by having a
soft but firm foam beak to its trailing edge. This bent the girl's knees in to
the box and forced out her arse. 

The Attendants around took absolutely no notice as he goosed the convicted
Holidaymakers rump. LeAnne was disconcerted and mortified as she felt he unknown
molester use her predicament to get a cheap thrill by playing with her nether
regions. They stood talking small talk to themselves as LeAnne yelped her
protest at the abuse  

Nor did they comment when he unzipped his flies and massaged his now very erect
prick, getting it ready for the coming treat. Taking his time he kneaded the
flesh through her underwear and stroked the soon to be contorted flesh of the
girls bottom. 

He found it very exhilarating to see the girls arse flex and tighten in
indignation. Gently stroking the firm but soft and yielding bottom. He delighted
in the thought that soon this young Lady would welcome but would not be getting,
any soothing rub.

Sliding his hands down between the girl's crutch he massaged her slit through
her panties and savoured is yielding softness. The rear beneath his hands kicked
in protest. One of the attendants glanced over at the protest coming from near
the floor as LeAnne tried to protest, smirked, gave thumbs up sign then turned
to talk to his colleges again.

Picking at the crutch strap of her panties, he pulled the crutch strap to one
side exposing he sexual organs and fingered her succulent crack. He was
surprised to see that the girl was wet between the legs. Then he remembered that
the Officer had said most girls got that way, at least until the first cane
stroke hit the arse. Then all the longing seemed to fly away. It had something
to do with the mental fantasy of being laid out in a Doggy position awaiting
fertilisation.

Wiggling his finger in a little, he felt the texture of her inner lips and
gently sort out her clitoris. Looking down at the girl's shoulder, he could see
LeAnne twisting and shaking her head in panic at his touch. 

 He was going to make this Bitch cume before she was caned , take her mind off
the long wait before she felt for the cane a bite into her bottom . Finding the
girls pleasure centre he pushed hard and manipulated it firmly. He felt the body
twist under him as he Wanked the distraught girl off. 

Looking at the hidden camera's monitor, he was amused to see the girl had a
shocked appalled expression on her face as she was unwillingly violated  

You really have not grasped what being chastised in this far away country
entails have you? he thought. All the local girls accepted that sex was a
consequence of being stripped naked in Prison as a felon and conceded to it as
customary. 

This decadent young office worker / 18-30 Tourist had come seeking new customs
and thrills and was about to get a taste of them first hand.

She would find it difficult to complain after her use, it was her word against
five others and an official camera. anyway, with no semen present there was no
evidence. A girl's cunt being like a cup of water, stir it up but it soon
settled, with no sign of detectable use.

Ivor was getting a great thrill out of Wanking the Immoral Slut off, mainly
because LeAnne could do nothing, but lay there and concede to the abuse. Also
delighting in the fact, she had absolutely no notion of the identity of her
assailant. Something he knew would only add to her distress.

He felt the girl attempt to move her body in an effort to dislodge the finger
that was stimulating her. However, no matter what she did the searching finger
continued to follow her body and her writhing only allowed him to rouse her
more. She got increasingly randy as Ivor raised the stakes, inserted two fingers
of his left hand, and stimulated the lining of her love tube. The hidden cameras
of course could see more than he could. Later the watching perverts could see
the consternation and disbelief on the girl's face as the she was raised to more
and more levels of arousement.

A situation that had the unofficial approval of the King, as a Horny girl was
even more sensitive to pain. When the cane struck, being sexually aroused would
only add to her pain, three fold

As he massaged the girl's clit and fucked the girl with his fingers, he explored
further. Exploring the canal, he would soon be greasing with his cum he felt
that while it had not been well used, it had sex in the last 24 hours. This
Bitch was certainly not a Virgin!

The Officer in charge had decided that the pecking order was now agreed, as
every body wanted a crack at the White Whores cunt. He approached just as the
Ivor had wanked off to a climax the Whore and laughed when he saw Ivor's erect
dick and his fingers stuck up LeAnn's cunt. 

Don't get too excited otherwise, you will only get 5 sec of pleasure from the
young Lady before you cream her cunt. And do not look so guilty you might as
well have a little fun, nobody here give a dam about her. she is a little slut
who came looking for a bunk up and got to more than she wanted

From the doctors report she got plenty of that while drunk and it just might
make the English Slut a little ashamed. I will have had the last 10 minutes
erased from the official recording but the customers will enjoy the irony

The girls defiantly not a virgin whispered Ivor.

I know the Doctor told us, that why he took the photos shots. Did you expect her
to be, knowing her holiday expectations?

The waiting LeAnne had been laying secured prostrate over the bench getting
increasingly hysterical as she tried to work out what was happening behind her
as the bench hid all but a forward view. The Bastard with the molesting fingers
who had abused her had really thrown her mind.

Next, she was horrified to feel hands on the waist of her pants and felt them
being forcibly pulled to her knees. A cold draft caressed her backside. Then a
hand grabbed one ankle and slid it along the bar, the other ankle was moved
next. Leaving her with her backside begging for a sound caning and her shaven
pussy peeping out between her legs. The watching official and unofficial cameras
broadcast it all to their respective holding video.

Suddenly she felt a stinging between her legs as her inner cunt was smeared with
a stringent cream. A dose of that should constrict the girls love tube and make
fucking her feel like busting in a virgin, explained the officer.

The official camera had zoomed in to showing the Officer taking to Ivor. Then
recorded the tightening the strap around her body and her protesting and
movement as she realised she was soon to be caned. The official camera then
pulled back, following him as he went to get the cane.

The unofficial camera at her rear zoomed into her pussy. The other cameras
taking the long shots recorded the image of her bucking body and twisting
terrified face. This was caused, not by the strap being tightened, as recorded
on the official camera, however, by Ivor then leaning forward gripping her
thighs and slowly thrusting his very erect Dick into the convicted felon's tight
cunt. The rear and overhead cameras caught in detail the penetration of Ivor's
Dick deeply into the secured girl

Ivor felt Lee-Ann's cunt encompasses his Cock then it got a little painful as
her vagina constricted him tightly. Luckily, she was very aroused so a little
hard work was all that was necessary to bust the girl's "Cherry" again

LeAnne bucked and protested, throwing her head around in protest as she was
penetrated. However, the official camera missed this action and did not have
sound available as it watched the Officer select the cane. Only the unofficial
ones picked up her cries of despair and captured the image. Displaying them in
the corner of the main screen showing her distraught face as she was deflowered.
Ready for the perverts to watch on the Internet

Ivor stood between the girl's legs, hands on her hips as he fucked the hapless
girl. She was a good fuck nice and wet, tight and juicy and silky smooth to his
Dick as he rammed up and down the girls love tube.

Using extraordinary self-control, he made it last 10 minutes before shot his
lot. All the time the unfortunate convicted felon buckled and fought her
defilement .The official camera was switched off to save videotape. She had no
option but to lie still while Ivor copulated with her against her wishes. 

Ivor was not at all concerned, the Slut had come looking for sexual excitement
now she was getting it. Maybe not, as she envisaged as she had planned her
holiday but she had paid her money and she was being laid.

Once the young Lady had been impregnated, Ivor stood back and let the Officer
straddle the Slut. The Officer, using a globule of Vaseline slowly buggered the
struggling, screaming girls arse. He was more firm than Ivor getting his kicks
not from fucking the girl but in thoroughly humiliating his victim. Again, the
official camera has caught nothing. The clock and frame number on the tape
freezing with the disconnecting of the power

LeAnne had ceased struggling, now very aware of what the part of the unofficial
punishment was for convicted female prisoners in the country she had always
wanted to visit. She just lay face down, arse up over the bench and wailed as
the Officer took his pleasure from the hapless holidaymaker's back passage.

With his cock still up the young convicted Tourist's arse he waiting for a few
minutes for his cock to relax a little, then forced his bladder to empty the
contents. This brought LeAnne back to motion as she felt the weird sensation
again of her bowels being flooded. She let out an eerie and wonderful howl.

The attendants took this as the Prelims were over and started to set the scene
for the main event. Turning on the official camera, they checked the continuity
of the time code

One collected the official stick that LeAnne was going to be beaten with, while
another sponged down the poor girl's cunt and manipulated her buttocks so she
oozed, milking her back passage clean of sperm and urine.

Now all was correct for the official chastisement of Miss LeAnne Walker, English
Tourist

The case would soon be hitting the headline in all the Major Western Countries

YOUNG TOURIST SENTENCED TO 24 OF THE CANE:

GIRL TOURIST TO BE WHIPPED:

YOUNG WOMAN TO BE THRASHED 24 TIMES.

18-30 HOLIDAY GIRL TO BE FLOGGED. Would read the headlines tomorrow. However, by
that time the unfortunate young Lady would be laying safely face down on a
hospital bed, nursing an agonisingly painful backside. The sentence already
carried out

Protest would come in but everyone would agree that a country's laws were
sacrosanct and the official cameras of the event would show that the girl had
been treated with compassion and dignity while being punished. Treated to the
same rules and conditions, as a citizen of that county would have been.

The Officer picked up the cane and walked over to Ivor. As you are a fellow
Countryman of the young lady, maybe you would like to give her the first 12
strokes across her deserving impertinent backside.

Ivor was delighted. He had a good idea that he was going to give the young Lady
a screwing to remember. now he had had the High Honour of awarding his
Countrywomen well deserved corporal discipline.

He lost no time in taking up the offer. Thanking the Officer most profoundly, he
took his place by the rear side of the pale panicking terrified victim. She had
sensed that the time had come and was regretting her actions. It had only been a
joke, maybe in bad taste but nothing deserving this. 

Ivor did not care what she felt, he had always fantasised about watching a woman
being thrashed at a judicial flogging and now it was happening. 

Yes, he had seen several local girls have their backsides severely welted in his
capacity of Defence lawyer. However, they were locals. He had assumed that his
adopted country would back down in the case of this girl. Rescinding the
punishment, in deference to Foreign aid and future tourists' trade.

Nevertheless, the King had stuck by his guns saying the Law was the Law for
local and tourists alike, and he wanted to nip in the bud any suggestion that
his country was a playground

Hefting the cane in his hand, he selected an area on the girl's bottom with the
tip of the cane. He had plenty of experience in using it. This coming from
astonishing local prostitutes with an unanticipated blackmail demand. Knowing
that they would not complain otherwise they would be admitting to a crime itself
punishable by flogging.

Once he had selected the area he unflinchingly raised it high and with great
vigour slashed it across the well-presented bare buttocks of the White Hussy in
front of him. This was Heaven. The local girls usually twisted and screamed so
that he had to wait while they were threatened back into position. Here the
victim had to lay and let her backside is used as a static target, an impossible
demand for an unbound even if terrified local girl to do.

The cane hit with a satisfactory Whack! on the flesh of the bottom. From the
front end came a very satisfactory yowl of pain as the body in front bucked and
tried to twist away. The straps held firm. All that happened was that Le-Anne's
bottom went into spasms as the girl alternatively clenched and relaxed her
buttock muscles. Ivor was enthralled to see a new vivid welt join the three now
slightly faded ones the Doctor had embellished her with earlier

Not wishing to rush things, he slowly took aim with the cane after tapping the
buttocks of the young woman being flogged several times. The young Lady had gone
deathly quiet as she attempted to handle the pain flooding her mind. The
Stripes, the Good Doctor had applied were nothing to what this felt like. She
was sure she would not be able to handle all 24 if they were as heavy as that

Aiming a little lower Ivor decorated the young lady's arse with another red
vivid strip. His aim was to welt Le-Anne's bottom cheeks in neat red lines
starting from her upper flanks to her lower thighs. In addition, in doing so
make the Slut scream in pain every time. The Officer could then aim to land his
on the already damaged flesh eventually leaving the girl with a backside like
red raw steak.

Yes, this young traveller was not going to be able to sit, let alone sit
comfortably, for several weeks.

Number three hit home just as planned. 2 minutes had elapsed since he had struck
the first stroke .The technique was to make the flogging last as long as
possible without giving her time to recover her composure 

The young Lady had become quite vocal. Shouting out OH! GOD between hits. Please
Stop and then an Aahhhyyyeee as the next tickled her bottom with savage
intensity

Ivor settled into a steady rhythm. Tapping the buttocks presented before him
several times then slashing down. Le-Anne's screaming faithfully followed the
rhythm, rising to a crescendo when thrashed dropping to a pitiful moaning wail
as he tapped her flesh.

Too soon for Ivor, the twelve strokes had been applied. Ivor was sweating.
LeAnne had lost it and was Screaming, Pleading Blubbering, Weeping as and when
the opportunity allowed.

Ivor stepped back and took in the whole scene. LeAnne, her face a contorted mess
was desperately trying to relieve at least some of the pain radiating up from
her striped bum.

She twitched and trembled over the bench, her Nates quivering in shock and
agony. Her thighs alternatively clenched then relaxed and between her trembling
thighs, her pussy was continually opened and closed by her antics and in spite
of her cleaning dribbled cum. In all a sight that Ivor would never forget, and
of course, he would be presented with a copy of the obscene video as released to
the Sadistic perverts who would soon be revelling in Le-Anne's anguish.

Ivor then passed over the instrument of chastisement to the waiting Officer

The Officer waited for the Distressed LeAnne to stop cavorting over the bench.
Until her screaming had died to a whimper, then reaching forward he turned and
grinned at his colleges as he impaled the now exhausted LeAnne up the cunt with
the end of the cane. LeAnne head shot up and she gave a howl of despair.
Reminding her and them, that there was still fun to be had with this young lady

Smiling now sadistically, he took aim and brought the inert LeAnne back to a
screaming frenzy with his first stroke.

From then on, he just duplicated Ivor's rhythm only stopping occasionally for
the screaming, tortured LeAnne to get back her breath to scream more.

Ivor was fascinated to see Le-Anne's buttocks jump, tremble and shake
continually even when not being energised by the cane.

Her firm proud Tits swung from side to side as her body tried to move but was
restrained by the straps. Much more than he had seen, the local girl tits do.
They had just lain almost still and had sobbed and wailed through out.

To them, LeAnne was as a thoroughbred Arabian racehorse compared to a carthorse.
Not, that they were not attractive Cart horses

Ivor supposed this was because local girls would have been used to being beaten
almost since birth and their backside had hardened. An Office workers bottom
most likely would never have had any burden besides sitting on it watching TV or
possibly riding a horse. The state of her backside showed it. It was a raw
welted contorted mess, Black and blue with red stripes neatly traversing it.

He felt extremely randy at all the excitement and flicked out his Dick to
relieve himself as LeAnne screamed her way in short burst, timed to the cane
strokes, to the end of her ordeal. The other attendants noticed but did not join
him in his masturbation. They still had the girl's cunt or back passage to
enjoy.

In fact most preferred to fuck her when she was suffering from the effects of
her caning, her pussy would be violently trembling from the shock and the pain.
Producing a feeling in the men dicks that was far superior to a smooth static
fuck.

The Officer landed the twentieth stroke and changed his rhythm. Now he intended
to deliberately and sadistically hit the girls buttocks with a stroke designed
to cause maximum agony. 

Selecting an area that was already showing bad welting he aimed to land the cane
centrally into damaged skin. . As this also happened to be dead centre of the
girls buttocks he was making absolutely sure that this young office worker would
not sit at her computer for several months and even then she would feel every
crease in the chair covering. 

She would also have to carry the shame of everybody knowing that she had
committed a crime so socially unacceptable in her host country that she had had
her bottom whipped. She would also carry the unofficial trauma that her Name,
Full Address in the UK, Work And Home. Her Home Telephone No would be available
to every lecherous Pervert who purchased the video of her sexual use and
flogging. And of course, the world would see her face on all their TV screen as
her shameful disgrace was exhibited on the News

Aiming for the area above her cunt he hammered the cane home bringing an oozing
of blood from the skin of her upper thighs with strokes twenty two and
twenty-three.

The convicted holidaymaker screamed two full-blooded screams. Then pausing, he
hit her dead centre again to as he finished the sentence.

The girls lapsed into a moaning sobbing silence as the official camera was again
put on hold. Ivor walked forward and shot his lot into the still moaning girls
face and mouth

Hefting his erect prick in his hand. The Doctor who had been officiating was to
be allowed access to her body stood in front of the distraught girl lowered
face. Demonstrating that she was now going to experience more local customs
before she was released from her torment.

Walking around to her bound limbs, he released her legs, lifted them up and
parted them wide and had them held open by two leering, grinning Wardens. He
then proceeded to introduce her shaven cunt to the joys of a Local style fuck. 

Lee-Ann submitted without much fuss, at lest until she actually felt her cunt
being expand as his cock filled her Minge. Then she tried to thrash her legs in
a futile attempt to stop her rape

She was so shocked by the turn of events over the last 2 days that her mind
could accept no more. Two days ago, she had gone out on the town with a few
local lads and girls. Yes, she had got a little drunk, with a friend, you do on
holiday and she had had a little fun, as she always did on holiday away from the
stuffy office. The local lads egging her on to greater delights. When the police
arrived, somehow the locals had faded away and she was left alone with her
travelling companion Caroline.

Now two days later she had endured 24 strokes of the cane, been raped and her
arse had been reamed out in an act of buggery. Now some local official was using
her again for sex.

The Doctor climaxed the job he had started in Medical room by shooting his lot
into LeAnn's cavity and withdrew leaving the girl LeAnne shrieking and
distraught. 

His place soon taken by the Number Two warden who decided to emulate the Officer
in penetrating her backside with his cock.

Very soon, LeAnn had two streams of spunk running inside her body.

The third Officer took his time and shooting his lot up the wailing crying
LeAnne. The next and last Warden did a variation on a theme by first shooting
his lot up her pussy then withdrew to piss up the girl's arse. Then by saving
some Bladder liquor he re-entered her cunt and flushed that with piss

The Officer then released the tormented girl. LeAnne thinking that her ordeal
was over dropped into a wailing sobbing heap on the floor. The two Wardens then
picked her up by the arms, dragged the unfortunate Paradise seeker to the nearby
shower, and turned on the water. The warm water was like bliss to the
holidaymaker. It was only when the shower head was removed and the hot  rubber
tubing was plunged into her cunt and spouted water into her pussy that she took
a dislike to her treatment.

The next thing she remembered was waking up in a warm bed with concerned doctors
and nurses attending to her contorted and welted bottom . She was released 5
days later and deported to the waiting News Crew

She complained bitterly to the Foreign Office about her treatment but while
concern was expressed, the unofficial line was that she was lucky not to do have
received 90 strokes.  

Her complaint of sexual mistreatment was not collaborated by the official Video
of the Punishment taken at the time and was dismissed as a Sexual Fantasy and an
attempt to gain compensation. However, Ivor knew that several copies of the
unofficial video made their way to London via the Diplomatic Bag.

 Ivor was quite busy for the rest of the week, purposely keeping out of the way
of the fury from international press and governments.



It and

One of the things he did do was take up his invitation from the officer to go
and see the holiday representative called Kennedy Willoughby-Jones.

The girl was slightly taken aback when he arrived escorted by a police officer. 
They had joined her just as she welcomed that weeks new guests at a little
cocktail party she held.

There was no doubt this Women had a presence.  Tall slim and very sure of
herself; she also had an infectious giggle and a great sense of fun.  From
police information, he knew that Kennedy had slight connections with royalty;
she was only of minor aristocratic birth.  However, it showed.  She reputedly
had several jobs including modelling and acting, but had taken a year off to be
a holiday rep.

Once Kennedy realised that this was just a purely social call she relaxed and
talked freely to Ivor.

As she greeted him, Ivor admired the way she was dressed.  She wore long slim
pants that stopped just below the knee, high-heeled shoes, and a very fetching
loose-fitting red top that was amply filled by her splendid breasts.

Walking back with her to a more private area, could not but help his eyes taking
in the shape of her backside, there was no doubt about it, the young lady had
class.  Her bottom while extremely slim but was well covered and well shaped. 
The tight pants tucking into the crease of her bottom showing it off extremely
well.

Wrenching his eyes away from such a spectacular sight, his eyes were drawn to
her crutch, hardly concealed in the tightly fitting pants, it was completely
obvious that she wore no underwear, so tight were they he could see the outline
of her Venus mound.



Her long legs seemed to emphasise her sexuality, but this lady was no Tart, she
had an air of sophistication, that all young aristocratic girls seem to acquire
from birth.

Ivor could see why the police were taking so much time and trouble to arrest
her.  While her attitude was extremely correct, she somehow oozed animal
magnetism.  A dangerous person to have in a country where women have very little
right's.  Ivor's mind went into overdrive as he imagined that very desirable
bottom being displayed over a whipping bench.

The conversation soon swung around to Ivor and his profession.

Are you the guy who had one of my customers whipped recently, she said with a
twinkle in her eye?

Oh, that replied Ivor.  I had nothing to do with that am simply the guy who
defended her and if she had followed my advice most probably would have just
simply been deported.

Yes, I see replied Kennedy, however she did end up a having her bottom had
tickled with a cane.  I' bet you got quite a kick when you had to attend her
punishment

Excuse me madam he replied.  I was only doing my job, and I certainly don't get
any thrill after seeing people being punished, no matter what their crime.

Kennedy changed her tact and said.  We try so hard to warn holidaymakers that
this is a new country for holidaymakers and be respectful of local people and
customs.  However, unfortunately in any crowd, there is always a bad apple.

It must have been quite awful to see Ms Lee-Ann trembling as her bottom was
exposed to everybody has gaze before she was subjected to a very humiliating
punishment.  Did she make a fuss when her bottom was whacked?

Ignoring the inferred question, he only replied.  No more than any other young
lady would do while being caned.

There he could not help but add.

 I suspect you would find it most unpleasant if it was your bottom  being
intended to and you were in the same circumstances.  At the mention of having
her bottom attended to the woman went quiet.

She took it very well considering how painful it must have been, and is now in
hospital recovering.  I hope that she will soon forget the experience. 

In hospital queried the delightful young woman in front of him, surely not just
for having her bottom smacked.  Again Ivor could not help but add, I'm sure your
bottom would need attending to if it got the attention of a cane stroke, not
that that is likely, is it.  Oh no quickly replied the woman we run a very good
tight ship here, but went on to inquire

What happened to her companion in crime, Caroline James I think?  I heard that
she had received an official warning and then, someone higher up decided to
teach the girl a lesson.  However, I hadn't heard any more.

The lady in question received an official warning and is now waiting in her cell
for her colleague to recover and soon both will be deported replied Ivor.

So, she didn't have her cute little bottom spanked, as rumour has it.  From what
I saw of her, she was a flighty bit of stuff, and definitely would have deserved
it.  We try so hard to warn them but some just do not listen.

His conversation followed similar lines for some time and it was obvious to Ivor
that this young lady had quite a interest in Domination and bottom spanking.  In
fact, her eyes has quite excited though she held her voice under control. 
However Ivor got the impression this interest definitely did not cover her own a
bottom being spanked

Ivor got quite a kick talking to this fancy woman knowing that soon her talk of
bottoms being caned was going to turn quickly into a very unpleasant actual
experience.  However, not some a flighty pieces bottom being attended to but
hers.  He suppress the urge to reach out and fondle the woman's trouser covered
bottom, it would be available soon enough along with access to other desirable
parts

As the young woman got bored by his noncommittal answers, she turned away and
continued a conversation with a very pleasant handsome young male guest
completely ignoring the fact that he had a female companion.

Ivor wandered off to talk to the other guests and found them mainly extremely
pleasant people to talk to.  They had come for the history and splendour of the
country, not to come to cavorts drunkenly in the street.

Ivor wondered why the holiday company had taken leave of their senses and
employed such a unsuitable representative.  Most probably for her connections.

As he wandered around the room, he could not help having his eyes drawn back to
alternately, the sexy bottom of Kennedy and her obvious Venus mound she
displayed in her crutch.  Imagining the first twitching in expectation, bent
over a the bench, with its shaven pussy peering backwards, as it awaited the
strike of a cane.  In addition, her sexual organs, wondering how tight her pussy
was, and if she was actually a genuine blonde.

It was several weeks before he got a call from chief of police to say that a
holiday rep had been charged with gross immoral procurement, and gross immoral
conduct.

The young woman had been found very naked in her flat with a local youth.  It
seems that she had approached him at a local nightclub, which she was attending
with several other unattached males guests and arranging liaisons with local
prostitutes.

Afterwards being seen to go back to her the flat cuddling a youth at one o'clock
in the morning.

The whole episode had been captured on CCTV, and the officers entering her
apartment had carried portable video equipment.  Would he like to represent her
at her trial next day?

So, the police had achieved their object's and got the Women slammed up in jail. 
He knew it was a foregone conclusion that this young woman was in for a
extremely unpleasant time.

Remembering the article he had read about Anita Pallenburg, he went to the bank
and transferred several hundred local units into untraceable cash.

Next day found him in court watching his client being brought into the dock.  In
this court, was a isolated wire cage in which the prisoner had to stand. 
Totally exposed to the court.

Ivor noted that she had been allowed to apply make-up and that obviously she had
been allowed to get dressed.  Though knew that she had been a dragged naked and
handcuffed from her house and thrown in a cell containing no bedding or toilet. 
She would have slept on the  concrete floor very naked until she could arrange
in a morning for someone to supply enough money for clothes and a mattress. 
However, she would have been treated impeccably except for a possible quick
grope by the arresting officers, as she was still considered not guilty.

She wore the clothes that she he had so much admired at the cocktail party,
which was all the officers, could seem to supply, but sensibly seemed to be now
wearing knickers but it looks deeply distressed and unhappy.  Her hands
continually pulled at the handcuffs that held her hands behind her.  Ivor
briefly noted in his mind that this made her splendid breasts stand up even more 

He had spoken to her briefly in a interview room before the trial after viewing
the videos of her arrest.

He had to explain to the now distraught young lady that it would be in her
interest to plead guilty to the charge.  She had a little difficulty in
acknowledging that.  However, Ivor reminded her that the police videos showed
her totally naked lying on the bed, with a local youth.  She had been seen
talking to and arranging the use of local girls for sex for money

When asked what the likely punishment was going to be if she did as he
suggested, she seemed unable to accept that on the charge of procurement, i.e.
getting prostitutes for her clients, she was going to suffer at least six months
in jail.  I was only helping the local economy she protested.

For the charge of gross immoral indecency, while he wasn't absolutely sure.  The
court would most probably order her 60 strokes of the cane, to be applied
immediately after her incarceration.

Surely I can offer a bribe, this country is riddled with corruption.  That way I
could be deported and the whole matter could be forgotten.

Unfortunately, the matter seems to have been picked up by the press, who were
here trying to get a story about Christine, and LeAnn Walker he replied.

If you walked free, it would expose the whole corrupt nature of the police
service something nobody wants.

Ivor dropped any pretence and leered at her.  When I spoke to you in the
cocktail hour last week you seem to show a extreme interest in my client LeAnn.

You asked whether she made a fuss while having her bottom caned.  I can now tell
you she was terrified, and crying well before the cane bit into her bottom.  A
sight I thoroughly enjoyed watching

For me this is a very exciting decision you have to make.  Go for guilty and I
will have the extreme delight in watching you stripped totally naked before you
are whipped.

 I will then regret, but get a great thrill of watching you receive across your
naked backside at least 45 strokes of the cane  almost double I enjoyed watching
LeAnn get.

Moreover, that's if the judge is in a good mood, he has been known to awards a
hundred , if he feels it is appropriate.



If you go against my advice and plead not guilty and then it gets even better,
it is highly likely that there judge will take your procurement of young ladies
as pimping.

The maximum imprisonment for that is a 10 years plus 200 strokes of the cane,
repeated every five years in total 600 strokes.  Just to remind you of the
enormity your crime.

For the charge of gross immoral conduct a sentence of 800 of the cane are not
unusual for locals this also carries a mandatory 20-year sentence.  The caning
would be carried out in six of sessions over the 20 years

While I would love to see you extremely well thrashed and languishing in a cell
for 20 years my advice must be to plead guilty at least that will ease my
conscience when I see you whimpering in agony as the bottom you seem to enjoy
displaying, receives, at the moment unspecified, cane strokes.

You young lady are going to spend a long time incarcerated in a revoltingly
primitive prison, where you will have to bribe your guards for a lot of the
necessities of life's.

 I hope your money this so sufficient for you to purchase suppliers without
having to resort to baser means to survive.

As you will have to spend at least six months in jail, I recommend that you get
a supplier of contraceptive pills sent over along with antibiotic cream as
prison can be in a dangerous place for a woman in this country.

You mean I am liable to be raped cried the shocked Kennedy.

Now I wouldn't put it as strong as that, just that you likely be very strongly
coerced to allow your very desirable sexual organs and bottom to be used to gain
favours and to placate the guards who are both male and female.

You can't be serious she cried.  I have contacts abroad they daren't touch me.

Did you think that any of your contacts will touch you with a barge pole once
the press gets to see the videos that the police have.  Including several highly
sexual and violent porno films found in your flat.

Your contacts will see you justifiably spending a short time in prison and will
complete the ignore the reality of what you are facing.  You're on your own.

In 10 minutes, you are due in court.  I strongly advise you to go for the guilty
verdict as I get quite guilty, but unrepentant when I see a deserving backside
showing red and extremely painful red welts.  Moreover, if you admit it, then I
know you deserve it.  In addition, I had just heard that the police are going
for a charge of drug dealing and if they don't to get a guilty plea.  And that
carries the death penalty here.

The last female drug dealer was strung up totally naked in a semi private
execution

He said this knowing that fate was very unlikely, but that once she had pleaded
guilty, horrified public opinion would leave her to her fate.



With that, he stood up and left the Women weeping at the interrogation table. 
As he turned, his mind noticed that her red top was loose enough to portray the
illusion that one could easily slip a hand in and caress her breasts without any
body noticing

Ivor was now watching as the judge retired to consider sentence.  Kennedy had
given a guilty plea and was now left standing totally dejected in the caged Dock
waiting take fate.

She glanced behind her as the door opened and two male warders came in.
officially to comfort her and support her if it was needed.

Ivor was not really surprised to see the attractive woman suddenly jump forward
in a start.  Ivor smiled to himself when he realised that one of the officers
was immediately taking advantage of the conviction and had discreetly thrust his
hand through the Women's legs from behind and was gently but firmly groping her
pussy through her trousers.  While his colleague tightly gripped her shoulders
as if consoling her, but actually holding her in place while she was groped.

Kennedy desperately glanced over at her lawyer, only to see his smile and
understand when he mouthed.  Wait till they get you down stairs.

He knew because her charges carried a possible almost mandatory jail sentence
that for this young lady there wouldn't be no observing CTT cameras, Ivor knew
that very soon someone would be rifling through the contents of her knickers,
though he thought it extremely unlikely that she would actually have any form of
sexual penetration.  Until she had been settled into her cell.

His thoughts went back to his conversation first thing in the morning with the
prison officer he had befriended while presiding at Caroline's defilement.

It had cost him all of money he had drawn out of the Bank to stop the wardens,
having a little fun at the prisoners expense.  However, he wanted to be the
first to use Ms Kennedy Willoughby-Jones and deposit his sperm after a
interesting time of degradation and totally consensual rape.

After that he could happily stands by and watch as the officers took their
sadistic delight in forcing the young woman to experience totally non-consensual
forced serial rape.

Which would include an violent penetration of her back passage, a experience for
the young woman he had arranged with the bribe

By tomorrow evening the young lady now standing in the dock would have had more
experience than a local whore got in a week. Moreover, just as a whore opened
her legs for money, his money was going to force the newly convicted prisoner to
open her legs

He had read somewhere that the record for sexual intercourse stood at
approximately 1020 continual penetration and ejaculations in one session

This been set by a pornographic actress for fun back in the Nineties.  While he
could not see Kennedy having to experience that amount of sexual excitement.  He
was making quite sure that she was definitely going to be gang-raped as soon as
he had finished with her.  Who had also specified that before she was made to
comply her bottom should receive an extremely sound spanking with a strap, just
as a prelim to her ordeal? 

He always felt a woman needed to feel her bottom stinging intensely before
experiencing any form of sexual intercourse, consensual or not.

Looking back at the Holiday Rep who was still wiggling indignantly as the hands
felt out her cunt, he was glad to see she had the sense not to make a real fuss. 
It was obvious from her expression that she found it exceedingly distressing but
also seem to realise that if she made a fuss, it's somehow would get back to the
judge who would rightly treat her more severely.

Just when it seemed that she was going to wiggle away, the court rose and the
randy Warden removed his hands from between her legs but just distressingly
enough continued to fondle her bottom.  Reminding the young lady that there was
a caning awaiting her posterior.

The judge was very quick in his summing up calling the elegant young woman a
amateur whore, pimp and procurer who hadn't the morals of a dog.  To treat her
host country in such an abominable way meant he had to administer extreme
punishment one suitable for a responsible member of a International company.

Ivor's heart leapt.  She is it definitely going to get a beating, I wonder how
many and it looks as if she will be extremely miserable in jail for a
considerable period.

The judge quickly resolve his questions by sentencing the young lady to spend 18
month in prison and to receive, 65 strokes of the cane.  The cane to be applied
to her buttocks once she had been assessed in prison

Ivor was delighted and hoped the Women had taken his advice and ordered a good
supplier of contraceptive pills otherwise it was quite likely she would be
taking an necessary baggage with her in the guise of possibly two kids when she
was released.

He certainly would not be using a condom when he shot his lot into her cavity
later that day.  Even on local prostitutes he snipped off the end unknowing to
them, protecting himself from any disease, but making the whore take the natural
risk.

Watching the now totally devastated young lady being manhandled out of the cage
he noticed with delight that she was being urged on her way by her a hand which
were actually lifting her up by the crutch from behind so she waddled away on
tiptoe towards her fate so forceful was the hand that was cupping her pussy.

He also noticed that the other officer had released her arms and was helping her
to stand by pushing his hand under her smart top and molesting her sensuous
tits.

Within 30 seconds of being convicted her punishment had started, charged with
such a devastating sexual offences, he knew all the officers in the prison would
soon be queuing up the to demonstrate their disgust at her conduct.



At this point discreetly but he knew as soon as she was at the bottom of the
stairs she would the enduring at least one hand exploring the inside of her
knickers and one breast being manipulated inside her bra.

Not violently as the young lady had to walk to her cell, a crowded walk away,
but persistently enough for everybody she passed to know she was being seriously
abused.

Ivor left the courtroom and then went to see his prison officer friend. 
Deliberately taking a longer route, he passed the weeping prisoner having to
experience a hand kneading her udders inside her loose red top.  While she was
frogmarched to her cell.

 While the other officer had pulled out wide the waistband of her delectably
tight but stretchable trousers using a hand to feel her around the outlines of
her previously so well displayed Venus mound.

Other people were passing, but completely ignored the prisoners distress, or
just commenting, Go on give her a good feel, she deserves it.  Disgusting Bitch

Ivor stood for a few seconds and drank in the sight of the convicted holiday rep
starting to pay the price of her guilty plea.  As he watched the girl started to
cry as obviously a finger he had found it away into her sexual organ.



Meeting his contact in the office he confirmed that the holiday rep would be
unsullied by sex until he had attended to her.

At the moment she was being made to take a shower, and it was quite possible
that she would be reminded of her oncoming caning by getting a few flicks from a
wet towel across her deserving backside and possibly her other sexual equipment.

However, this would be only the high spirits of her accompanying male officers. 
Her cunt would-be left admired but waiting

Ivor put in a request that she should be allowed to dress in her own clothes and
soon tidy her hair and make herself neat.  The officer agreed by picking up the
phone and passing on the order.

When can I get that uninterrupted use of her, asked Ivor?

Well it will take about an hour for her to have her shower and get to her cell
give it about a hour and-a-half, a and she should be adjusting to the fact that
she is going to say in that room on her own for a long, long a time.

After having a break in the court canteen, he made his way down to the arresting
wardens office and talk to the guys who had slammed the door on her cell.

How is she he asked?  Nursing a slightly stinging bottom laughed the guy who had
thrust his hand between her legs.  I got couple of lovely cracking slaps in with
the towel end when she was ordered to bend and pick up the soap.  The stupid
Women knew I was going to flick her hard with the towel, and was very reluctant
to do as ordered then she realised she could not turn round to pick it up so I
caught her absolutely soundly across her arse when she had no option but to bend
forward to retrieve it.  As a I flicked her she dropped it, and she had to bend
down a second time

From the scream she gave out she should give a very good performance when we get
round to caning her arse.

Yeah well once I've finished massaging the inside of her cunt and tight little
arse, I want you to give me a demonstration of just how much she hates it.  Then
I want her raped and certainly buggered for as long as you feel you can continue
to ejaculate into her.

Don't hurt her too much; just submit her to as much humiliation and degradation
as you can without causing her any permanent damage.

Well I think it's time I paid her a visit and put paid to any questions she had
concerning her treatment here. 

Don't worry we have engaged the services of two very nasty, unpleasant convicts
who will be allowed to express their desire to tickle the young woman's fancy
commented the grinning officer.



Arriving at her cell which was of a half barred variety with a shutter covering
the top bars.  The Warden opened the door to let Ivor get his first glimpse of
the dejected convicted young woman sitting on her bed.

When she saw him, at first her eyes lit up with delight.  Then remembering what
he had said at her interview suddenly collapsed within her.

I expect you have come to gloat at my predicament she said.  No young lady I
have come to take your knickers off and fuck the arse off you.

Kennedy looked absolutely horrified.  Please don't joke she pleaded I have
already had taste of what to come from a towel in the shower and It hurts like
hell.  In addition, already those Goons had made my cunt so sore with their
groping.

Ivor smiled a sadistic smile.  No Kennedy, if I may call you that now we are to
are going to be intimate.  I'm not joking you're going to lay down on that bed
take off your trousers and let me inspect that cunt of yours.  Don't worry about
your knickers I'll get those off myself next I want to inspect your bottom so I
can grease it ready for penetration.

Leave me alone you pervert otherwise I will call for help.

Please do you little tart, but beware the help around here will most probably
consist of a huge convicted rapist who tear off your clothes and subject you to
a very painful violent rape.



The holiday rep eyes went to the floor, and said in a pitiful voice what is it
you want me to do.

Just as I told you, do it and do it now otherwise I will watch while you are
violently raped.  Forgetting to add to that this was already arranged for later

Looking at him the holiday rep had the sense to realise that she had no option. 
She also realised that she wasn't going to enjoy any of it one bit.

Laying back on the bed the he desirable young woman removed her trousers and her
top so she was down to her underwear.  He had to remind her to open her legs
which she begrudgingly did, knowing that by doing so she was parading herself as
a hussy

Without any ceremony Ivor walked over to her and bent straight over her crutch
pulling her knickers crutch to one side, taking time, he opened the young
woman's sex lips with his fingers.  The entrance to her highly juicy red cunt
was a interesting site to Ivor as it peeped out from a very hairy but genuinely
blonde pussy.  However, his actions caused the embarrassed young lady to blush,
as she felt completely violated

Holding her cunt open with two fingers, he plunged one finger straight into her
cunt till it entered up to the knuckle

The young lady jumped and started to sit up her hands reaching out to protect
herself.

Lay back and be quiet you used slut commanded Ivor.  In addition, tied her hands
to the top rail of the prison bed.  We have strict rule here mouth shut and legs
open unless you are asked a question.  Only then can you speak

The Women could now only watch while he attended to her area between her legs

Ivor then sat on the bed and proceeded to ram his finger in and out of the
Women's cunt, his eyes betrayed absolutely no compassion, as he withdrew one
finger and pushed two in.

The Women stared back at him in terror and humiliation as he continued to fuck
the Women with his fingers.  When he started, she was quite dry so she found it
extremely uncomfortable if not painful.

Once his exertions had slightly excited the aristocratic slut, he increased it
to three fingers.

The Women's face stared at up at him, her mouth working continually as she tried
to understand what he wanted.

Ivor didn't care what the slut on the bed felt he knew he was going to increase
the fingers intruding into the Women's cunt until she was stretched enough for
him to get his hand in.

He was going to fist fuck the aristocratic whore until her eyes bulged.

Screwing the woman for about a minute with three fingers he suddenly turned his
hands sideways, and squeezed his fingers into a fist, and paused.  The Women
realising the horror of what he was about to do went pale and started to
protest.

Uncaring Lee Ivor slowly but remorselessly stretched the Women's cunt and pushed
his hand forward until the whole of his hand was inside her as if she was a
glove puppet.

The Women obliged by allowing her eyes to bulge in horror and attempted to draw
up her legs at the humiliation and his mistreatment of her vagina. 

The Women was certainly not a virgin but she was very particular about her
lover's, they had to be gentle, loving and above all controllable.

What was happening to her now was totally outside her control and totally
degrading.

A little of a her spirit broke as she pleaded with the lawyer to leave her
alone. 

The lawyer replied, shut up you little Bitch otherwise I will turn you over and
fist fuck your arse.

This horrifying statement was enough for the Women to accept what was happening
to her.  He then watched the woman's face as he to deliberately but slowly
forced his fist into the girls cunt, forcing it to expand, a experience but a
totally unwelcome one for the convicted pimp on the bed

Ivor ran his fist up and down the Women's cunt until he felt his knuckle hit the
Women's cervix

 As his hand moved in and out, it caused a obscene squelching and farting noises
as her cunt attempted to relieve the pressure by releasing fluid.

He allowed the Women to think he would actually going to penetrate into her womb
before backing of his hand.

Interesting he said how much a woman's cunt will stretch; this must be like
giving birth.  He then remorselessly pushed his hand back into the girls Belly;
giving  the woman further opportunity to experience the obscene use of her cunt.

The convicted woman called Kennedy automatically bent and opened her legs as
wide as possible.  She thought her cunt was sore after having a Guards finger
penetrated to.  As Ivor removed his hand which was now covered with a thick
white cunt lubricant.  Ivor informed her that was only one of many things he
could do to her perverted cunt

He wasn't worried about his later shagging, the Women was only 27 and her cunt
would-be extremely elastic.  Within an hour it would be back to nearly it normal
size.

 Anyway, he had brought the astringent cream with him which he was now going to
apply, which would tighten and shrink the convicted sluts cunt as if she was a
young and tender 13 year-old.

Wiping his hands on her panties which he now removed along with her bra he then
remove the tube of be astringent ointment from his pocket and squeezed it
completely into the Women's sexual orifice

The Women suddenly went  extremely rigid and tense as she felt the ointment
attacking the inner lining of her, sucking out the moisture and making it
constrict and shrink.

  Untying the Women's hands from the top of the bed.  He commanded Kennedy to
lay on her face with her legs widely spread and her hands above her head.

Opening the bag he brought with him, he produced a large leather paddle.

Showing it to her as she lay prone on the bed her head turned to one side.  He
explained that this was a just a taste of what she had coming but something he
had promised he was going to do to her backside when he had observed it at her
cocktail party.

Standing up he took his time in appraising the compliant young ladies arse.

To save time he bent forward and parted the Women's arse cheeks so he could see
her little brown button.

This he anointed with Vaseline in preparation for her a buggering later on. 
Kennedy got a little inkling of what a buggering was going to be like when he
pushed the grease deep into her back passage with his finger.

He had to push hard as she had a tight little bum, he heard Kennedy whimper in
humiliation as she realised why he was putting medication up her back passage.

For her buggery was a entirely unnatural act and like most women feared the
thought of being buggered more than she feared the thought of rape.

Withdrawing his finger, he brought his hand soundly down on the Women's backside
producing a ouching screech from the Women at this unexpected sense of pain.

Ivor smile that this exclamation.  The guards had been right this young lady was
going to put on a exceedingly good performance when she was caned.  He was
looking forward to the prelim he had arranged with the guards to administer a
strapping to the Bitch before she was gang raped

Raising the paddle high above his head, he paused allowing the Women to utter a
new whimper.  Ivor saw her clench her buttocks in preparation for the pain she
knew was coming and chuckled to himself as he knew that this was only going to
increase the shock to her system.  Far better to relax and let the flesh move
out of the way rather than absorbing the energy he was going to introduce into
her skin.

He brought the strap cracking down onto the Women's bottom.  The young lady 
made a typical reaction, she forced her bottom into the mattress and her head
and legs flew back , as she did so , her mouth opened and she let out a ouching
Scream.

Recovering she instantly turned on her side and her hands flew down to protect
her bottom.

Ivor instantly reached out and pulled her hips down to  the bed and soundly
spanked the Women's bottom with his hand.  10 times his hand hit the Women's bum
without any pauses between strokes until the Women collapsed crying in pain as
her treatment.

Ivor then roughly laid the slut out, forced open her legs and tied her hands to
the bed top again and this time each ankle so she lay with her legs widely
spread.  she was whimpering and crying at once.  He threatened to give her a
fist fucking up the arse if she ever reacted like that again.

Standing up he then raised the paddle and attended to the Women's arse as
before.  The Women bounced and twisted on the bed but each time was unable to
move her bottom for the next blow.  The Women was now crying copiously and
sobbing in pain from her backside.  Her buttocks twitching as she tried to
relieve the agony.

Ivor has stopped there.  he certainly didn't want to desensitise the Women's
backside before the guards walloped her backside.  He just wanted the Women to
experience what a spanking was like and how unpleasant it could be.  Therefore,
the next time she saw the strap she would know exactly what was coming.

His cock was throbbing between his legs; he desperately needed to shoot his lot
between her legs.

Releasing the Women's hands he made the sobbing cringing Women stand with her
hands on her head against the cell wall.  taking off his trousers and  Sitting
on the bed he commanded the Women to bend over his lap.  his penis still showing
a very little hair after being shaved for the  teenagers defilement stuck stiff
and bloated out as his belly .

 Being a prison bed it was it was very high off of the floor so by the time the
woman had positioned herself over his Lap her feet and hands dangled freely off
the ground.

Kennedy was absolutely sure she was now going to be spanked to be again but
forced herself to comply with Ivor's command.

Ivor had absolutely no intention to spank the young aristocrat again, but like
to put that impression in the young woman's mind.

Admiring Kennedy's extremely red bottom, he compared it with the mental images
of it that he had had while talking to her in the cocktail party.  yes it and
look good now it was naked and the pussy between its legs looked very enticing.

Wasn't a bad match for a beginning, but he had brought along a it extremely
whippy cane which he intended to apply to the young woman's posterior as a test
run for her once he had full the use of her mouth, cunt and back passage.  .

Bending forward, he reminded Kennedy that her legs were closed and spanked her
backside twice as punishment.

The unhappy lady opened her legs even though she knew she wouldn't enjoy what
was going to happen.

Looking down he reached out and widely spread the Women's sexual organ so he
could see inside.  Yes, it was at constricting nicely, the young lady would be
as firm and closed as a 13 year-old the Virgin.  And in approximately half an
hour he was going to a deflower the little madam for the second time in her
life.

Applying a little Vaseline to the Women's clitoris he then proceeded to wank Ms
Kennedy Armstrong Jones , the convicted female pimp off.

 He'll allowed absolutely no movement, emotion or sound to be shown by whore
over his lap, when she started to wiggle in embarrassment and desire, he told
her off and administered four sound Spanks to her bottom.

Very soon, the young woman learnt to suffer her emotions completely to herself. 
Which suited Ivor as he had 18 months in which to abuse this attractive
aristocratic woman, and he knew that by making her a bottle up her emotions,
when she was released she would be a total sexual frigid woman, but with a cunt
that had been fucked like a whore in a Roman orgy

The woman over his lap didn't take long to go into orgasm, but the only outward
sign she gave was a trembling of her legs as the hot ecstasy's shot through her
body.  Ivor administered four more sound Spanks for betraying her emotions.

Admiring her now extremely red backside, one which was actually showing signs of
tiny violet marks as the blood vessels in her skin ruptured he tipped the Women
off his lap onto the floor and then made her stand up against the wall again.

He was glad to see the convicted woman was looking pale and distraught as she
stood with her legs open and her mouth closed.

Standing up Ivor totally removed his clothes and approached the woman, erect
Dick in hand.

Kissing the woman passionately on her tits, he rammed his cock into the Women's
now extremely tight vagina.

It took quite a struggle for him to force his cock into the aristocratic slut as
he duplicated a sordid, behind the bike sheds, deflowering of a young teenager. 
so tight was her cream constricted cunt.  Even though he had just wanked her off
and she was exceedingly wet .  she still felt a stinging pain as she was
deflowered

He didn't care in the slightest what the female convict was actually feeling in
her head, but by her, the look on her face she felt utterly degraded as her
prize procession was ruptured for the second time.

 Tomorrow when he had her trained he would force her to go over every sexual
coupling she ever had in detail .  At the moment he was content to degrade her
like an animal, she was now, a convicted pimp.

Once he had gained, entry into the woman's now ruptured  vagina he removed all
contact from the woman's body as he shagged like a adolescent schoolboy. 
Holding his body away by resting his hands on the wall, purposely farting and
grunting as he rammed his cock up and down her cunt.

He was going to make sure that this self-assured young woman hated and detested
the whole coupling.

Feeling his cock kicking he paused and shot his lot up the young woman's cunt
with big gasps, he quickly withdrew once he felt his cock stop moving and pulled
Kennedy into the middle of the room.  The Women stumbled forward to unsure what
to do next.



Ivor soon instructed her by holding her waist, and applying pressure to the back
of the Women's head and forced her into a bending position.

 Commanding her to bend down and touch her toes, he then stood back and admired
the young ladies stance.  He would have to punish her later for having her legs
closed to but the image she presented was quite satisfactory.  with her
extremely red backside making a good contrast between her ivory skin of the rest
of her body.

 Her globular tits hung like melons from her chest and the skin of her backside
had tightened in a exciting way.

He walked over to his bag and selected the whippy cane he had brought with him . 
He had intended to end the session striking her arse but this was too much of a
opportunity to miss.  She looked absolutely aristocratic, self-assured, but
extremely miserable.  It was too a strong a challenge to pass over.  OK the
young lady was going to be gang raped with 12 instead of the intended six
strokes of the cane decorating her arse.



Whistling the cane through the air, he saw the self-assured young lady in front
of him wince in fear

.  I am going to let you experience six of the best Stand absolutely still or I
will double the number do' you understand

The proud young lady in front of him let out a whimpered yes.

Without any more attention to detail, he proceeded to land the cane dead centre
of the Women's backside.

The Women twitched violently, squeezed her eyes shut and compressed her mouth as
she receives the unwelcome pain.  Repeating the stroke, he raised the same
reaction in the Women's body as before.

Continuing punishment till she had been caned six times he then threw the cane
to one side approached the young lady from the rear and after positioning his
Dick visually on the young ladies anus reached forward and wrapped his arms
around her waist and forced his Dick slowly but devastatingly up the crying Ms
Kennedy's Willoughby-Jones arse.

The Women whimpered and cried but kept absolutely as she was subjected to her
worst imaginable horror.

It wasn't until Ivor had ejaculated up her backside that she allowed herself to
relax and give expression to a little of the emotion she was feeling

Ivor made her wait while he gently massaged Dick up and down the Women's back
passage forcing his spunk further up, like a piston.

Deciding that the Women had now accepted the horror of being buggered he
compounded it by releasing the contents of his bladder up the woman's arse.

The woman's self-control held but violent trembling took hold of her body as she
internally went into hysterics, this was something she had not even imagined in
her worst nightmares.

Withdrawing from the young Women he stood and watched as his piss dribbled out
of the Women's bottom,

Moving around to the Women's head, he lifted her head and forced his Dick into
the Women's throat commanding her to suck.

Automatically she started to lower and raise her head.  Ivor reached forward and
smacked her backside.  Did I tell you to move he ordered.

The Women froze his Dick deeply embedded in her mouth, and then her body went
into violent trembling as  Ivor emptied the remaining contents of his bladder
straight into her throat.  As she was sucking, she automatically swallowed a
vast amount before instinctive reactions took over and she started to vomit.

 Ivor move out of the way and let her degrade herself.

Standing back he could see that the aristocratic young woman he had seen so
self-assuredly conducting herself at a cocktail party was having greater
difficulty in accepting she was now a convicted woman and this was liable to be
her life for month years to come.

But as she had not moved while vomiting and drivelling, piss from her arse Ivor
felt he had achieved a lot.

Picking up the cane from the floor, he now informed the convicted woman that as
she had not conducted herself correctly she was going to receive another six of
the best.

Kennedy turned her head miserably and uttered You Bastard.

Ignoring that completely he proceeded to administer six exceedingly whippy
strokes of the cane, adding six welts to the six already decorating her arse.

The pain he was inflicting was only the same as many a schoolgirl had received
in the past and there was nothing like the pain she would get when she was
flogged .

But that did nothing to console the proud young woman having her arse
humiliatingly caned.  Her cunt hurt from her deflowering and her mind  made her
feel like a disgusting schoolgirl caught copulating behind the bike sheds



Telling the young woman to get dressed and make herself presentable .  Ivor got
dressed himself only stopping to talk to the woman when she hesitated about
putting on her soiled panties .  Ordering her to pull them on and get dressed,
he left her frantically trying to make herself  tidy .

I shall be back in about an hour if you are not presentable wearing well applied
make-up and looking smart I'm going to have you moved to solitary confinement ,
there I can play with you all day .



Leaving the now exhausted girl to rest he now he went over in his mind the
article, he had read about Anita  Pallenburg.

s OK his sluts was not 22 years old and she wasn't a big well known starlet but
she was definitely a proud  self-assured minor aristocrat who had just lost any
chance of success in her life.

That was not his fault she had done that herself by pimping for her clients. 
and getting caught shagging a local

It was now his opportunity to exploit that fatal flaw in her character and put
it to some use he was absolutely sure that she deserves the treatment she had
coming and most probably would have got it from the inmates of guards without
his help.  All he was doing was influencing event's his way.

Calling in at the prison office, he winked at the officer and said she is all
yours now , I will be back in a little while to get some tips on how to treat a
prisoner.

He had only the vaguest idea of what the girl was going to suffer, but he knew
it was going to be bad for her , better he didn't know , that way it was more
exciting.

When he returned to the cell in about an hour the door was on the jar and from
inside came shuffling punctuated with tiny screams and whimpering.

Entering the cell he saw that the  cell now contained 6 other people 2 women
officers  two thick set male officer and two desperate  looking  Guy's in prison
uniform.

Or at least one was wearing prison uniform the other was without his trousers as
he rammed his cock violently into Kennedy as she lay pinned backwards over the
prison table ,  hands held above her head and her legs dangling over the other
end

She fully dressed or would have been except her trousers and knickers were
around her ankles .

 Her top was bunched up around her tits so he could see all her naked belly
down-to- her blonde hairy crutch which was now being fucked by the convicts Dick
.

 The guy  ravishing her cunt  rested his weight on his hands on the table
besides her tits which were looking extremely red and sore from the mauling they
had undertaken.

Leaving the guy  to continue his brutal rape of the minor aristocratic young
lady with royal connections he sidled up to his friend .

The officer whispered in his ear they had opened the door and without
introducing themselves, had pulled the terrified young  convict to her feet and
turning her around forced to bend over the table face down.  While one officer
held the struggling woman in place, the female officers had laughingly put their
hands into the waistband of her stretch pants and pulled them down to her
ankles. 

Informing her that they were now going to spank her naughty bottom, the older
female shows her the strap they were going to use on her, while the younger one
firmly removed her panties while at the same time stroking the tightly bent arse
cheeks of the prisoner pinned to the table.



They had used the same thick leather strap that they had used to on Christine
the week before, and she had hated it as much as the teenager.  They were now
introducing her to Arthur the convicted rapist.

He was doing life for kidnapping and raping  15 Young's schoolgirls over a
period of six weeks.

He had now been in prison for about a year, and had agreed to use his experience
to try and impregnate as the girl in exchange for not being castrated.

He seems to be putting his heart into his work commented his friend as Kennedy
let out a another whimper.  I have had her very well greased, so she won't tear
but she doesn't seem to me enjoying the attention that Arthur is giving her.  
She is a good shag but hard work he complained

You have come in just in time .  he's been ramming her now for at least 10
minutes as we made her suck him off before he mounted her ,

 When he's come, again she is going to be spun over and the large guy standing
in the corner is going to force his cock up her arse.

He's been in for raping young lads, something he seems to enjoy.

He didn't want  to sodomise the young lady but we offered him an incentive of
three young inmate's to share his cell.

Seemed okay to me she certainly looks quite miserable being shagged  so
publicly.  Why not blindfold the young lady so her mind has to generate images.

What would you suggest.  Well that young lady officer seems to have nice legs
why not get her to sit on the girls face, her dress should nicely cover the 
girls head so she is in total darkness .

The girl can  have her pussy sucked or if she has a full enough bladder just
fill the girls mouth with piss .

Going over to the young warden, he whispered in her ear , Ivor saw her giggle to
herself as she decided what to do.

The young woman being of violently  ravished on table was soon  in no doubt.

The young thing in wardens clothing lifted her skirt and removed her panties and
walked over to see the now crying Kennedy and sat securely on the woman's head.

Ivor saw the  young lady covering the convicts head start, and excitedly lick
her lips as she felt a tongue flickering around her crack.

Ivor realised that the young woman been rammed the table was actually wearing a
earpiece so they could threaten her without shouting.

The young warden eyes started to roll in her head, suddenly the body she was
sitting on started to twist  violently as it could, slightly difficult when
being held out stretched and with a cock ramming up and down your cunt.

 But try she did, Ivor realised her mouth was now flooding with fresh urine as
the innocent looking warden forced her to drink her waste product as she as she
orgasmed

She stayed blindfolding the woman convict which must have increased the woman
being raped terrified emotions tenfold, as with  gasps Arthur shot his lot into
her pussy .

Arthur was feeling exhausted as he rested , his Dick still twitching inside his
victim .

That was bloody hard work , I like my young Slapper's to scream shout , plead
and beg as I ram them between their pretty little legs .

Being so young and innocent, it comes second nature to them to protest strongly.

One consolation is if she is pregnant she will be a made to carry it a term and
I will have the pleasure in smacking her bottom as she squats to drop it.

OK said Ivor it's a deal.  He was pretty sure that Kennedy would be refused her
contraceptives the by the Prison and they would insist on her carrying any
conceived Brat to term.  But would not provide any midwifery except a dry cell
for her to naturally give birth.

If you want you can be nursemaid to her  as long as her bottom is soundly
chastised once, she feels she has to squat and push     The revenue raised from
putting the child up for adoption would offset some of the bribe he had paid out

Having suffered her first real rape, Ivor was interested to see how she would
react to a authentic buggering.  he had been quite gentle with her and of
course, he wasn't Black

As she was turned over, he walked round to admire the handy work they had
achieved on her bottom.  Even though it had been at least half an hour since it
had been administered to,  it was still extremely swollen, red and showed large
Welt like bumps.

Yes that must have been the encouragement she needed to kneel and stuck her
impending rapists cock, knowing full well it would only increase her ordeal as
it would take far more stimulation to make the guy ejaculate a second time.

The Caning would be horrific but at least she knew it was coming, and exactly
how much she was going to get.

The spanking she had just endured had been a total surprise and as she was bent
over, the table she had absolutely no idea how many she was going to have to
endure.  Then to be ordered to suck a notorious child molester in the
understanding that soon as she had swallowed his come he was going to fuck her
pussy must have given her quite a buzz.

Not wishing to spoil the enjoyment of the Negro boy  molester, he stood back and
watch as he woman convict suffered having her bottom stuffed with grease in the
expectation that a solid object would soon be following it up.  She knew
perfectly well that she would have to endure its manifestation up her anus for
as long as it took for the brutish inhuman fiend to satisfy his lust.

She stood pinned to the table watching the animal removing his trousers and
pulling his cock through the crack in his underpants.

 My God, the animal is not even going to remove his pants thought Ivor he has
absolutely no concern for the feelings of his victim if he can do that.  Kennedy
started to react, she had not got over the horror of Ivor filling her arse with
his urine   and to be subjected to a second buggering in three hours was more
than she could take.

But the gentleman holding her down just laughed at her antics until she went
rigid as she felt her bottom cheeks are being spread in preparation of her shit
tube being purged in reverse.  The officers watching had not been slow in making
comments.  The female officers were the worst, with the younger, she could not
have been more than 17, and really enjoying the fact, that one of her charges
was being sexually abused in front of her taking time to describe to the newly
convicted woman exactly what they were going to do to her.

When she actually felt her anus being split, she lost complete control and
screamed, shouted begged, and prayed.

The animal sampling her back passage looked surprised and said normally the
young lads I commit buggery our on lay passive and seemed to enjoy it, maybe I
have some think with the women after all.

While she was being buggered, the young warden who had pissed into her throat
raised her skirt and pressed the struggling girls mouth tightly into her crutch.

Ivor heard the earpiece in her year crackle alt a threat, while she still
struggled violently the once elegantly attired holiday rep struggled to suck the
juices from the sex orifice she was being forced to service.

A variation on a theme thought to Ivor, normally the girl is orally raped by one
male while her cunt is serviced by another

Very soon all three subjects of his manipulation were groaning in orgasms.

The girl being buggered was first, but everybody ignored her, the guy pumping
her arse shot his a lot about a minute later.  And the girl having her cunt
licked orgasms just after.

The Rapier of immature youth withdrew and left the convicted woman pimp on the
table to continue her task with her jailer. He  watched as the teenager officer
forced open Kennedy's legs so the lighter her she held in hand could be gained
access to the blonde fuzz and totally remove the all blonde hair around her
pussy and down between her legs. 

Applying the lighter to the girls anus they all cheered and laughed as they
watched as the flames crept up and surrounded and cooked Kennedy's cunt. 
Kennedy's screams reached a new crescendo  he watched delighted as the convicted
woman screamed naked on her back as the pubic hair around her Venus mound slowly
flared away  They knew it would only cause it superficial burns and would save
her being shaved tomorrow when she was up for her caning Suddenly Ivor saw the
second female officer drop her skirt and walk forward

Sticking from her between her legs was a enormous dildo, and in fact as Ivor did
a double take he realised it was a dual dildo, and one that seemed capable of
emulating a real Dick as it seemed to dribble a fluid from its tip.  As she
exposed it the young warden commented Oh look at that you lucky bitch just what
you've been dreaming for will full stop the younger woman who was about to feel
its penetration, started pleading and begging to be left alone.  Oh no you
filthy little Cow!  Mary here is going to ram both at the of your orifices at
once and I hope you enjoy it.  Because of you one of my friends is having her
bottom attended to right now, she was one of the prostitutes you welshed on.

Standing in front of the woman being held on the table Mary demonstrated the
intrinsic mechanics of her toy by making it squirt jet's of evil smelling liquid
into the girls face.

Walking around to the girls exposed rear-end she then proceeded to manipulate
one pseudo Cocks into the girls cunt while the second she manipulated into her
anus.  Kennedy screamed and shrieked her in anticipation

Again without any preparation, she leaned forward covering the younger woman's
body and proceeded to jerk her loins violently backwards and forwards.

Ivor watched the recipient of this attention start to gag as her eyes flew wide
open in sheer disbelief at what she was experiencing.  Then bulged outwards

Total horror now registered on the Woman's face as she was artificially raped in
both orifices.  The other younger officer taking her cue produced a large dildo
with ejaculation facilities and rammed it into the woman's mouth.

The woman offender had to endure several minutes of synthetic rape before at a
signal; both women released the contents of their synthetic cocks.  Kennedy knew
from the taste and feel that it was authentic sperm but did not realise until
told, that it was a mixture of horse and Pig sperm that had been collected from
the local abattoir.

When it was mentioned to her what she was now having pumped into her body she
went utterly sick with horror and disgust

One thing the synthetic Coxes penetrating her body could do that the original
could not was to provide a vast quantities of animal fluids.  being hollow, they
could contain at least 2 litres of sperm and she was going to have to absorb all
six litres.

Ivor was interested to see that she was not being held tightly but such was the
atmosphere in the prison cell her only real reaction from her was a violent
trembling in her body, and a flood of tears from her eye's.  As she was forced
to endure, being filled totally up  including her womb, her back passage, and
her stomach.  All which expanded and bloated her lower body. 

Feeling he had watched enough Ivor her left them to amuse themselves making her
impale herself on the two officer dicks and making her raise and lower herself
up and down while the male officers relaxed in a chair, hands behind their head. 
When she had done both of them. . 

It was pretty sure that she had been slightly injured internally but that was
the price she would have to suffer, it just meant that her caning would-be
delayed until she recovered.



The next day saw Ms Kennedy Willoughby -Jones resting in hospital after having
had a fall in her cell, as she was confined to a bed in the wards it was felt
that none of the normal preliminaries were necessary except possibly the enema. 
As she seemed to have scalded herself between the legs as she fell carrying a
cup of very hot water.

At exactly 12 o'clock, three days after she was incarcerated Ms Kennedy
Willoughby-Jones felt the first of the 60 strokes of the cane chastise her naked
bottom after being forcibly stripped and held over the King's the whipping a
bench.

Nine months later, she was also confined to hospital as she underwent a
miscarriage.

A result of her couplings with a local lad that night in the flat when she was
arrested.

The Prison apologised to her family saying they did all they could do to save
the child' but it was not to be.

18 months later, the prisoner was deported without any publicity and has not
been heard of since.

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blackstar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





