BDSM Library - New life




New life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cupcake's son, Jim, joins his mother as Laura's slave.
&lt;New life, Part_1.&gt;
&lt;By the outsider.&gt;
&lt;Cupcake's son, Jim, joins his mother as Laura's slave.&gt;

Note: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy.

Part_1 - the arrival.

The sun was in the middle of the sky when the police unit with dark windows made
its way to Monica's house who won the custody over him. After the new bill past
in both the senate and the congress, Most of the mistress's now lived at the
same nationhood, so there was nothing to hide. At the back of the unit was Jim,
who was the only one who knew where he was going. For the last half a year, his
mother fought for a divorce with the help of her shrink, and that bitch Anne
Smith (note: that's Jim's point of view ONLY).

He remembered what the last thing that his mother told him was: "in case I would
loose the wager, I want you to tell daddy everything. He is the only one who
will be able to save me. I also want you to make sure that you will remain with
your father. I have a bad feeling."

Jim noticed that the entire squad was filled with female officer, when suddenly
one of the officers next to him took his handcuffs out, and placed them over
Jim's hands as she tied them behind his back. Once that was accomplished, the
officer took a knife and removed the button from Jim's pants. Jim tried to
scream, but the officer on the other side shoved her stick into Jim's mouth, and
said: "shut up boy! We received orders from higher places to get you ready. You
know, none of us ever got ANY brake, take the sergeant for example: over the
last year she and her partner did more arrests then ALL the male officers
combined. My partner and I solved more cases then those idiots who call
themselves detectives. Now it is time for us to get what we deserve. So I want
to see you suck that stick."

Jim, who saw that he had no choice, did as the officer told him. As Jim sucked
hard, the officer with the knife began to cut his shirt. Once she finished, all
the officers who didn't held the wheel began to punch him. Once the ordeal was
over, the first officer pulled his pants down. Once she saw his underwear, the
officer began to cut them until they looked like a thong.

Just as Jim thought that things couldn't be worst, the second officer took a
makeup kit from her beg and began to use it. The first thing that she did was to
cover Jim's face with white powder. Next she literally tattooed Jim's face with
pink spots of rogue. Once the pig was covered with that, she took pink lipstick
and began to paint Jim's sucking mouth while the others laughed at him. Next was
a purple eyeshadow which made him look as if he was in a fight.

Then they pulled the "thong" down, and dressed Jim with a cock-cage and leather
ball-sack. Poor Jim won't be able to use his dick anymore without permission.

Once she finished, Jim looked like a freak, but that was not the only problem
which he faced. The unit was not far from the destination, and so the officers
decided to cut Jim's hair. A little while later as the unit stopped, the new Jim
noticed Laura standing at the lawn smiling at the officers. Was it all a plan?
Yes. He never met officers as sadistic in the entire ECP. That must have been a
trick. However one thing interested him: from what present the were?

Once the car stopped completely, the officer opened the door and they pulled the
sobbing jock out and to the trunk from which he took his luggage without the
help of the officers who helped him at first. Then as Jim did his just stood
there, he watched as Monica and Laura signed on something and the police unit
drove away.

When they were alone, Monica informed Jim: "I know that you told your father
about the bet. Ever since he came here six months ago; I decided that your
mother, Lois, or cupcake as she is now known will be located at my basement
where she will be gang-banged. You see slave, since becoming cupcake that is the
only kind of sex she knew and practiced. That is unless it was with: her
mistress, Laura or their friends. However, now you will join the party.

Now the only way that you will get to see my property, will be if you'll be nice
to my daughter. However, if you'll do something to hurt her, or you'll do
something to try and steel my bitch; I will make sure that my friends will fine
you. As your legal guardian, I decided to enroll you to my daughter's school.
That way she will be able to control you. You are about to become the first
transvestite will learn there. However, I enrolled you as my daughter's slave
like the new bill demands. That means that she will be able to use you in any:
way or form that she would need.

When you two won't be at school, you'll share the room. Now since she is your
mistress then you'll have to do as she say (and remember that I own your
mother). Now Laura; you have ALL of Lois's credit cards. Don't look so shocked
Jim: your mother has free accounts from which Laura getting money. The first
account is the one she shared with your father. The next one is for her income
from the period of six months in which I used her, and the last one belongs to
cupcake. Go have fun. She won't need it anymore, but remember Laura: use the one
she share with her husband more."

When Monica finished, she went to the house, as Laura took her slave to her
sport car which Lois "bought" her last week. However, she forced her slave to
get into the trunk. For the next hour or so, the ex-soccer hero was forced to be
in the small trunk. Laura did her homework. She knew that he suffer from
Cleisiophobia (Fear of being locked in an enclosed place) and used it to
perfection.

When the car stopped, Laura took Jim out, and led him to the front of the car.
Once there she forced him to spread his legs and bend at the car. Poor Jim (who
knew that is mother was in troubles), did as he was ordered. Then Laura told him
to place his hands behind his back. When Jim obeyed, Laura secured him with a
Neck to Wrist Bondage Strap Trainer.

Then just to make sure that Jim will be completely helpless, Laura placed
rubber-mittens over his wrists. Once they were strapped, Laura connected them
with a chain. The next step in Laura's plan was to get her slave a tail.
Suddenly Laura remembered something so she took an expendable phallus (with long
black hairs) and shoved it deep into Jim's ass before she removed the remaining
of his cloths. When the sadistic teen finished, she pulled Jim up before she
attached a leash to his cock-cage and pulled him to the mall.

At the way to the mall, Laura informed Jim before they began to shop that from
now on HIS new name will be: gay, because most of his clients will be men. Once
Laura finished, she called her mother and said: "I arrived with cupcake's son is
to the mall. Much like cupcake; he is about to become sex-slave as well.
However, I'm going to use him as a whore when he is not used by HIS mistress,
me."

When Laura hanged up the phone, she took her slave to her beauty parlor, and
left him there with an Amazonian woman. The huge Amazon removed Jim's; binders,
cock-cage and sack before she led him to the 1st stop. In that stop Jim was tied
to a cross and watched in horror as ALL pf his hair was removed.

Once the ordeal was over, the woman removed him from the cross and said: "your
mistress told me that this is your 1st day, and asked me to inform you that your
new name will be: dog. That is why we are going to dress you as such."

All dog (who now stood there frozen in place from horror) could do now was to
look in horror as the Amazon went to a closet. A few seconds later, the Amazon
returned with a few items which she began to dress dog in. the 1st item was a
pair of pink fishnet-stockings. Next was a pink garter-belt. The 3rd item was
pink, 7" thigh-high leather boots. Next the Amazon dressed Jim in was a leather
harness. This harness was the regular thing with one exception: it had a
butt-plug with hairs attached to it which was used as Jim's tail.

Over dog's head the woman placed; pink, zipper leather hood with floppy ears.
The hood covered dog's head almost completely, as it left 5 holes. One for his
mouth, two for seeing, two for hearing, and 2 for breathing. To make sure that
neither Jim nor anyone else will be able to remove the hood; the Amazon locked
it with 7 locks. The next items on the list were a pair lf leather opera gloves.
The next and last thing was a pink posture collar.

When the Amazon finished, she forced dog to his knees. Once dog was on his knees
sobbing, the Amazon forced him to lick her after informing him: "your mistress
cares for you dog. You see, she signed you to go for a training school for the
vacation. Since her mother is my best friend then I was able to give her a
discount of 90% since I'm the head mistress. At my school, you will learn how to
be a good slave. Furthermore you will learn how to please your mistress and her
friends; men and women alike. Your ass and penis will be used 16/7 while at the
rest of the time you will practice what you learned. We will teach you obedience
and a few other things that your mistress desired."

Once Jim finished, he tried to escape but he was knocked on his head with
something and fell to the sofa unconscious.

A few hours later dog woke up and found that he was hogtied naked at the middle
of the room. Suddenly as the feeling returned, he felt that his: nipples, nose,
eyebrows, tongue, entire penis, his sack and a few other places were sore and
painful. Once dog began to move, he heard a man's voice saying: "welcome dog. My
name is; Master Bob and I will be one of your teachers. I specifically will
teach you how to: please man and being fucked. This lady next to me is: Mistress
Samantha. She will teach you how to please women and accept the fact that you
are there only to be used, or pleasure them. For that you'll be on a Viagra
diet. Together we will teach you that one of your only purposes is to be used.
Next to me you will see; Mistress Sue, whose job will be to teach you on how to
be good dog.

Your mistress also wanted you to be dumb. That is why we hired a person from
your former school. This precious lady hates you and her name is: Mistress Jane
who will teach you with the help of her slave, Angie dumb, your former
girlfriend; Angelica Norton. Just wait until you'll meet with them. Now we have
arranged a draw and since Sue won, she will be with you for the rest of the day.
The black woman next to me is: mistress Moesha. She hates white men, and she
will teach you how to become a ponygirl. You see dog: ALL the men who arrive
here leave at the end of the process as women. ALL of them lost the right to be
called: men. Since your mistress is a very nice lady, we decided to give her
99&% discount in return for her to advertise our establishment which worked here
for 2 decades training hundreds of male and female slaves like you.

Speaking on which: once you'll become a woman, you'll get new piercing."

As Master Bob finished, he and Samantha left the room. Once they were alone, dog
saw a leather boots infront of him, and a few seconds later heard the command:
"lick!", but dog refused until he felt a hard sting on his right ass-cheek.
Realizing that he had no choice; dog began to lick the boot. Once dog began, the
stings came faster as the woman infront of him informed him: "come on dog, lick!
Do it faster! My whip likes to meet naughty pigs with young flash. Do it faster!
You are a dog. Come on slave... do it or I'll whip you harder."

Once Mistress Sue was pleased, she informed dog: "when I OR any other
mistress\master will order you to do something: you won't think... you'll act.
From now on you won't think; how I can save my mother? You would think: How can
I lease my mistress? As a slave you have nothing of your own. All you can do is
to sit back, and service your mistress. Now what I currently teach you called:
"shoe-fetish." You will learn to worship your mistress\master's legs. Now lick!"

Learning from what happened to him, dog began to kiss... hard for half an hour.
Once the half an hour passed, Mistress Sue informed dog: "now dog: I'm going to
free you. If you'll try to escape then you will be punished. Do you understand
me?"

"Yes." Dog answered trying to get free from the ropes.

"Master Bob forgot to mention the most important rule: whenever a mistress or
master talk with you then you'll say: 'yes mistress\master.' Or in some cases:
'no mistress. In time you will learn the rest. HOWEVER, that rule doesn't matter
when you are with me. When you with me you will bark twice if the answer is yes.
However, if the answer is no; you'll bark once. So are you going to be good
dog?"

"Bark... (Sob...) Bark." Dog replied with tears running over the shining hood.
Then as the helpless slave sobbed quietly, Mistress Sue untied him. When the
mistress finished, she order Dog: "Stand up!" before she began to whip his ass
as he stood up. Once Dog was up, Mistress Sue fastened a slave-bracelet of his
wrists and ankles before informing him as she attached the leash to his
nose-ring: "now dog, these bracelets will be used on you. If one of us will
catch you without them: you'll pay. Now I'm going to teach you what is doggie
style."

When she finished, Mistress Sue dragged dog to a bondage sawhorse. Once
finished, Mistress Sue asked her victim: "tell me dog: have you ever got the
chance to take 10" cock up your ass? If not then today is your lucky day. Now
while I'll fuck you, a vacuum will suck you dry. You see; as her sex-slave, your
mistress wanted that you won't be able to get erection without Viagra. So now
while I will fuck you, I want to hear you to; bark, growl, and don't forget to
yelp instead of using words. However, I want you to pant like a whore. Ho wait a
minute, I have to go now... previous engagements so don't go away!"

As Mistress Sue left the room, poor dog thought in misery: 'my god, what they
have in-store for me?"

The time in the room was very slow as there were no clocks. However, the door
finely and there was Mistress sue with a strap on Dildo. Sue seemed to be very
pleased as she got into the room and began to fuck Jim's ass.

The end of part_1.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Outsider


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





