BDSM Library - To Serve my Mistress




To Serve my Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story combines real events and fiction, detailing my adventures with a BBW domme and her female sub. Mistress turns me into a pee drinking, shit eating, jerkoff, and I love it.
To Serve my Mistress


Chapter 1 Meet the Mistress

The place to start is with a physical description of Mistress. She is a BBW,
with a strong emphasis on the second B - Beautiful in the extreme. Long, flowing
red hair complimenting a gorgeous face. Standing 5'6" and weighing perhaps 240,
Mistress has a huge set of the most beautiful breasts in the world, a large
waist and powerful, short legs. Put it all together, and you have a true
goddess, worthy of being served; no, demanding to be served.

Mistress began our first meeting by having me get totally naked and kneel before
her as she sat on the couch. Mistress instructed me as to the proper position
for a submissive to take; on my knees, head down, hands behind my back. Even
this seemingly harmless position was difficult in the sense that my natural
desire was to be able to look upon Mistress' beautiful face or to try to catch a
look at what may lay between her gorgeous thighs. But I had to keep my head down
and await further instructions. Mistress instructed me to look up into her face.
Unless otherwise mentioned in this recounting of events (which is what I would
rather call this than merely a story), all of Mistress' commands are obeyed
immediately and without a second thought. After all, what else could I do? I was
under her spell, captivated by the sheer force of her will and the beauty of her
being.

 "What are your limits?" She asked me. Being pretty inexperienced in this and
with my head feeling intoxicated by merely being in Her presence, I mumbled out
a reply something to the effect of none or nothing.

 "Really?" said Mistress. She then proceeded to list several areas that She was
not into, including blood, asphyxiation, and scat. I concurred that I was not
into these either, though I must admit that the thought of her scat did sort of
intrigue me.

"I've always been intrigued by the idea of drinking pee," I squeaked.

 "Really?" said Mistress with a smile. "I would like for you to do that at a
later time; perhaps I will pee in a wine glass and have you drink it."

 The thought of drinking Mistress' pee, swirling it around in my mouth before
swallowing, was making my cock literally throb. With these pleasantries taken
care of, I waited for what was next.

My first command was to massage Mistress' feet. She has small, rough feet, the
feet of someone who enjoys walking around barefoot. I held Mistress' right foot
in my hands and began massaging the sole and ball of her foot. To my surprise, I
immediately became erect. I think it was a combination of the control that I
felt I was under in addition to the thought of licking these beautiful feet.
That was my next order, in fact. Mistress commanded me to lick her foot and suck
her toes. Each toe was to be sucked long and slow, being sure that my tongue
carefully worked its way between each toe. Having never done this before, I did
not feel skilled in this, but Mistress assured me that I was doing fine. Spurred
on by Her compliment, I proceeded to suck each toe as if it were a little penis,
licking the top and bottom and sucking as if the toes could provide some of the
beautiful nectar that I knew dwelt inside of Mistress. The area between the toes
(is there a name for that?) tasted delicious. I was tingling all over from this
foot worship. The smell of her feet was absolutely delightful, and I felt that I
could do this for hours. For the first time, I understood what a foot fetish was
all about. Luckily for me, Mistress allowed me to worship her feet for about an
hour, spending the time equally between left and right. When she ordered me to
stop, I was disappointed, apprehensive as to what may come next (I knew it
wouldn't be me) and my little cock was hard as a rock.

Moving beyond those wonderful feet, Mistress laid down on the couch on her
stomach and instructed me to massage her calves. I was only too happy to comply.
Using a cream that Mistress provided, I rubbed it together in my palms and began
massaging Her left calf, starting by the ankle and working my way up. Her thighs
were surprisingly solid, and the feel of my fingers kneading into her flesh was
sending chills up my spine and down into my cock. I slowly massaged right up to
where the bottom of her ass met the top of the thigh, and then repeated this on
the right leg. All the while, I had the most incredible view of Mistress' ass,
smooth and round and beckoning me to get closer for a little sniff. I was able
to bring my face within a half-inch of Her ass crack; I do not know how I
managed to refrain from burying my face in that incredible ass. I so wanted and
needed to lick and kiss that ass. But, I knew that if I did that without
permission, I would be in for trouble.




Chapter 2 A first taste
	
Much to my delight, Mistress instructed me to continue the massage up onto her
magnificently beautiful, round, large and firm ass. I did so with much
apprehension, for I was again afraid that I might just drop my head and starting
showering that incredible ass with kisses. I knew that would get me some sort of
punishment, and fortunately I was able to resist, for now at least. The feel of
my fingers kneading into her ass flesh, combined with the fact that I was
mesmerized by her backside, was causing my cock to throb rather severely. I so
wanted to get closer to that ass, to spread those cheeks and smell her little
hole, and maybe get a little taste. To put the tip of my tongue in her hole.
This thought makes me feel as if I could come in one second, and I almost do.
	
Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good. I'm not sure which was true in my
case, but the next words from Mistress were music to my ears.

 "Kiss my ass, baby", said Mistress. The words were barely out of her mouth when
my lips descended upon her left ass cheek and proceeded to kiss every square
inch. The kissing was combined with licking, up one cheek and down the other.
Mistress rose up on to her knees, presenting me with a sight that could rival
the Grand Canyon for sheer majesty; Her ass, sticking up, looking so inviting.

 "Lick my crack!" commanded Mistress. I certainly did not need to be told twice.
I put a hand on each cheek and gently spread them just a little bit, and
inserted my tongue in the bottom of the crack and licked in an upwards
direction. She smelled wonderful. There was no smell of anything from a bowel,
just an intoxicating musky aroma of, well, I don't know what. It was Mistress'
aroma, it was Her scent, Her essence, and it was tremendous. It was a scent that
I knew I could become addicted to, a hundred times more potent than Ecstasy. The
tip of my tongue touched her opening, and I pushed it in just a bit. Mistress
did not say anything, so I tried to make my tongue harder than normal so I could
insert it right into that delicious little hole. I folded my tongue and managed
to get it in somewhat and lick the inside of Mistress's asshole. She allowed me
to put my hands on Her side so that I could get my face buried as far as
possible in her ass. At that moment, I felt that I was the luckiest person in
the world. Here I was, my tongue in Mistress' ass, and I was having a party
tonguing her ass and sucking her hole with such intensity that I thought that a
little surprise might be forthcoming, but it wasn't. Neither was my cock
forthcoming either. But it sure was throbbing. And don't think for a moment that
Mistress did not see this. She sees everything and knows everything. I cannot
say how long the ass sucking continued, but it was not long enough.




Chapter 3 A better taste?

Mistress ordered me to stop, and I did. She turned around and faced me in a
sitting position and smiled when she saw how I was licking my lips.

 "Did you enjoy that, Baby?"

 "Oh yes, Mistress, your ass is truly magnificent and I could lick and suck it
for hours and h..."

 "Shut up, my little subby!" interrupted Mistress. "You'd be wise to give your
mouth a rest, as your work is only beginning." A smile spread across my face as
I knew that this probably meant I would have a chance to see Her pussy, to touch
it and kiss it and hopefully get to eat and lick it. Mistress laid back and
spread Her legs apart. Sweet heaven! She was totally shaved, an awesome sight to
behold. A sweet looking pink slit with well formed lips and what seemed to be a
slightly engorged clitoris sitting above the rest. I gazed upon this beauty and
awaited my next order.

 "Kiss my pussy, slut boy! And I mean kiss, no sucking or biting, though you can
make it a tongue kiss if you think that it won't make your head explode,"
laughed Mistress. I laid on my belly and moved my face up close to Mistress'
pussy, and planted a long, slow kiss right on those lips. My tongue slipped out
and entered Her opening just enough for me to get a taste, and, as expected, Her
taste was like sweet nectar, delicious and stimulating. I kissed and tongued
that pussy for a couple of minutes, then Mistress had me walk around so that I
could get a better angle, approaching her from what would have been called a
sixty-nine position had I straddled Her, which was not about to happen. I
lowered my head toward the pussy and ran my tongue up and down the whole
opening. I could hear Mistress purring with delight and it made me feel great to
know that I was bringing pleasure to Her. I used my hands to spread the lips
apart and give me access to the clit. I lowered my mouth onto the little red bud
and gently sucked it.

 "Put a finger in my pussy!" ordered Mistress. I inserted my middle finger into
Her pussy and rotated it in a circular motion. "Another one!" My index finger
joined the other, and the two fingers were moving in and out and around and
around and I was continuing to lick and suck on Her clit when I could tell from
Her breathing that Mistress was about to come. I tried to match my finger
movements and sucking with the movement of her pelvis, and it was a lovely ride.
Finally Mistress came, and I eagerly sucked up every drop of her come that I
could. She was so wet, and my face was soaked from her crotch. As I turned to
look at her, she smiled at me and told me to put those two fingers in my mouth
and lick them clean. I did as I was told, licking my fingers while my eyes were
locked onto Mistress' eyes. I could feel her control over me in this seemingly
simple little display of my licking my fingers like a kid with some icing. Maybe
that's what I was.

"Now, put that cock inside me boy!" I could scarcely believe my ears; my
miserable little cock was going to go inside that incredible pussy. Mistress got
on her knees and I positioned myself behind her on my knees. I guided the head
of my cock into her pussy and proceeded to push it in, slowly, up to its entire
length. It felt so good, like the finest silk or smoothest chamois. I withdrew
and inserted and repeated this, each time going a little faster. Soon, we were
humping at a pretty good clip with my balls bouncing of Mistress' thighs with a
cute little slapping sound. Mistress had another orgasm and then ordered me to
pull out.

"You didn't come, did you?" She asked. "No." I said.

"Well, that works just fine," said Mistress. "I have many things planned for you
tomorrow, and I'll like knowing that your balls are loaded as I tie them up and
stick a butt plug up your ass." Tomorrow was going to be some kind of wonderful,
I thought, as I drifted off into sleep in the arms of my lover, my goddess, my
friend, my Mistress.




Chapter 4 Servitude/Worship

A large part of the next morning was taken up with some light cleaning and
moving of cartons for Mistress in addition to running a few errands. Upon
completion of this, I began brushing Mistress' hair while She was checking
email. As mentioned earlier, Mistress has long, thick red hair and it was
delightful to brush it with long, slow strokes.

 "Get naked and assume the position!" commanded Mistress. In seconds I was in
compliance. "Stand up." I did, and Mistress took a leather collar and put it
around my neck. She put the leash in my mouth and instructed me to NOT let the
leash hit the ground or there would be trouble. Next came two nipple clamps with
a metal chain hanging down. Mistress attached these and gave a little tug on the
chain to let me know what that was there for. She next got a nylon rope and
expertly began wrapping the rope around my balls, separating them and securely
tying each one and my cock in an elaborate intricately woven series of knots.

 "Sit on the bed and lean back on your arms. I'm going to insert one of my
smaller dildos in your ass."  With a little dab of KY, the small dildo easily
slid up my ass. It felt nice. I had put larger vibrators up my own ass, so this
was easy to handle. "Do not let it slip out, understand?"

 "Yes, Mistress" I said in a weak, quivering voice.

Mistress led me into the living room and took several pictures of me standing
there with a dog collar around my neck, metal leash in my mouth, nipple clamps
firmly in place with attached chain dangling, and nylon rope firmly wrapped
around the cock and balls. I'm sure that this was a lovely picture; Mistress and
her pet. Mistress took out her paddle and lightly whacked my ass, and with a fly
swatter type device, smacked the scrotum a few times.

 "Say thank you Mistress when it hurts." Whack. Another smack.

 "Thank you Mistress."

 "I see you do not have a high tolerance for pain." Apparently, I misunderstood,
thinking I was to say thank you after every smack, but Mistress meant only to
say it when it really hurt. Perhaps this is a misunderstanding that I would be
better off not correcting. I'm sure that ultimately I will "confess." Mistress
led me back to the bedroom and had me lay back on the bed with my legs hanging
off.

 "Make my cock come!" commanded Mistress. I grab my hard cock and start stroking
it up and down, faster and faster, all the while looking into Mistress' eyes.

 "Make my cock come now." She said rather gently. That was all I needed as I
shot my load onto my stomach and lower abdomen area. It was a beautiful,
draining orgasm. As I shuddered a little from the aftershocks, Mistress had me
gather my cum in my hand and eat it, again while maintaining eye contact.

 "Do you like my cum, pet?" She asked.

 "Yes Mistress, it is delicious."

 "Well, you will soon be putting other new taste delights into your pretty
little mouth, so think about that!" I certainly would be able to think of little
else. Mistress reached down and moved the dildo, which was still in my ass. She
pulled it out and reinserted it, then pulled it out again.

 "This is a bit small for you, me thinks. Here, put this in your mouth while I
get a different one."

 There I sat with the dildo that had just been in my ass now sticking out of my
mouth like a cigar. One's own aromas are not unpleasant, but I couldn't help
wishing that it had been in Mistress' ass rather than my own. Mistress looked at
me and smiled.

 "How does this look?" She asked with an evil grin on her face. Mistress was
holding a butt plug, only about 4 inches long but very wide, probably 4 X 4. She
put a dab or two of KY on it and pushed me back so that I was on my back with my
legs bent and in the air. I felt the tip of the butt plug against my hole, and
then She pushed.

 "Oww, please Mistress, it is too big!"

  Whack! Her right hand delivered a sharp slap to my face. "Shut up, slut! Would
you rather I stop now and send you home? Is that what you want?"

 "No Mistress, please don't make me leave. I'll be quiet."

Mistress pushed the plug another inch or two up my rectum. Damn, it was wide and
I felt like it was ripping me in two, but I would rather endure the pain than
risk another slap from this big, beautiful Goddess.

 "How does it feel, pet?" She asked ever so sweetly.

Although it was still painful (though subsiding) I answered, "It feels
wonderful, Mistress."

 "Good, then here comes the rest!"

 With that, She pushed the balance of the butt plug inside me. The widest
portion of the plug is about a half-inch from the base, and when that part went
in; I could not help but let out a whimper. Mistress looked at me with a smile
and smacked the plug with the palm of Her hand. She grabbed hold of it and
wiggled it around, pulled it out a bit and jammed it back in, then wiggled it
some more. She pulled it almost all of the way out and then hard back in.
Mistress was giving me a good ass-fucking with a butt plug, and it hurt like
hell. I could fell tears coming to my eyes. Finally, she pushed it all of the
way back in and then grabbed my cock, which I didn't even realize was erect.

 "This hard little cock tells me that you love this. Do you?"

"Oh yes, Mistress, I love this immensely."

"Good. I'm going to leave this in your ass for a few hours. You don't have to
think about keeping it in as there is no way that this baby is slipping out. I
want your hole to be stretched so that you will be able to better take my
strap-on later."

 "Yes, Mistress, I can't wait to be fucked in the ass by You."

Mistress smiled. "You say that now, but I realize that you don't know what
you're in for. I'm a master with a strap-on, and if you think the butt plug was
painful, then honey, you ain't seen nothing yet! Now, make my cock come again,
so that your horniness will be as low as possible while your rectum is being
stretched."

 I grabbed my cock and barely was able to jerk it twice when I shot my load on
to my stomach. Mistress scooped some come onto Her fingers and put it in my
mouth.

 "Lick the come that came from my cock," She commanded.

 I greedily sucked my own come from her fingers as she fed me my whole load.

 "I think you need something to wash that all down." Mistress reached behind her
and took a large mixing bowl. She out it on the floor, squatted over the bowl,
and, separating those gorgeous pussy lips, proceeded to pee into the bowl. I
thought that Mistress would get a cup and have me drink some of her golden
nectar. But that was not correct.

 "On you knees in front of this bowl!" she commanded. I knelt in front of the
bowl.

 "Lower your head down."

 As I did, I felt Mistress's hand on the back of my head and she pushed my face
down into the urine filled bowl. She held me there for a few seconds and then
let my head up, me gasping for air with her pee dripping down my face onto my
chin, beard, and chest.

 "Now, this time, go down on your own and lap it up like a dog."

 I bent my head down and began slurping up Her pee in the same way that a dog
laps up water from a dish. As I was kneeling there slurping, I felt the plug in
my ass being manipulated again. I was thinking that here I am, drinking
Mistress' pee while being fucked in the ass, wondering if there was any more
humiliation that could occur at the same time.

As if a mind reader, Mistress said "It would be nice if my little jerk-off pet
would make My cock come a third time while drinking his Mistress' pee."

 With most of the urine gone from the bowl and in my belly, and Mistress not too
gently fucking my ass with the plug, I grabbed my cock and began stroking it,
slowly at first and then faster and faster.

"Come in the bowl!" Mistress commanded.

With those words, I crawled forward a few steps and shot my third self induced
orgasm into the pee bowl.

"Was it a good orgasm, little one? Are you relieved?"

 "Yes, I am, Mistress."

 "Good. As a reward, I want you to pick up the bowl, swirl it so the remaining
pee mixes with your come, and drink the whole thing without stopping."

 I did as instructed and drank the entire concoction down. When I finished, I
licked my lips without even realizing it. Mistress was watching me and smiling.

 "You know, my little pet, I think I may have changed my mind about not enjoying
scat. You are such a little toilet slut that we may explore that area. What do
you think?"

 At that point, I really was not capable of much thought, and could only weep as
I realized that I was being humiliated, degraded and abused, and loving every
minute of it and craving more, hoping that it would never end.

"Rest, my little jerk-off pet, rest," Mistress purred in a soft, sweet voice.
With a butt plug firmly in my ass and my three masturbation induced orgasms
having drained me, I drifted off into sleep.




Chapter 5 Sinking Deeper

I awoke about twenty minutes later to see Mistress putting on one of her
strap-on dildos. This was a flesh colored 7 incher, very realistic looking,
sticking out of a black, leather harness. Mistress stepped into it as you would
step into a pair of underwear and pulled it tight with the strap in the back.
The sight of her standing there wearing that dildo caused my cock (or really Her
cock) to become hard again.

 "Did you enjoy your nap, slut?"

"Yes, Mistress," I moaned.

 Mistress moved closer to me and pulled out the butt plug that I had forgotten
was in there. She handed it to me.

 "Lick it clean for me."

I licked and sucked the plug until it was sparkling clean.

 "On your knees in front of me, now!" She commanded. I rolled out of the bed and
assumed the position. "Do you want to suck my cock?"

 "Oh, yes, please Mistress, let me suck your magnificent cock."

 Mistress grabbed the base of the "cock" and put it in my mouth and pushed it in
not too gently. When it hit the back of my throat, the gag reflex kicked in.

 "Relax that throat," She commanded.

I was able to relax the muscles somewhat and Mistress was able to move the cock
in about 4 inches without my gagging. Holding my head in her hands, she
proceeded to fuck me in the mouth rather hard, for about 10 minutes or so. This
was really not too pleasant. Mistress pulled me by my collar and led me over to
the dresser.

 "Lean over and look at Me in the mirror as I give you an ass fucking that you
won't soon forget."

I leaned over with my ass sticking out. I had a great view of Her as she stood
behind me. I felt the KY being rubbed on my hole, and I think that She put some
on Her cock, too. I felt the tip of the dildo against my opening, and then She
pushed. Right in, all the way, all 7 inches buried to the hilt on the first
attempt. I had never felt anything like this in my life. The cock was in me so
deeply that I thought that a major organ might get injured. The butt-plug had
stretched me sufficiently so that the girth was not a problem, only the length.
Mistress pulled it out very slowly, and then pushed it back in hard and quick.
Out quickly and back in slowly this time. I dropped my head down from the pain I
was experiencing, but Mistress yanked on my collar and pulled it back up.

 "Do not take your eyes off of mine," ordered the Goddess.

 I locked my eyes on Hers as she continued the fucking. She pushed it in again
to its fullest and left it there. Mistress then lifted herself up on Her toes,
pulling me with her, and then set herself down along with my ass. Then she moved
sided to side, all the time with my impaled ass following along. Up and down,
side to side, then in and out again. I was being fucked senseless. Mistress
reached around with her right hand and grabbed my cock, which was pretty
flaccid, probably a result of the severe fucking and accompanying pain. She
squeezed my limp dick, which was becoming less limp as she continues the
squeezing. As She continued with the fucking, She squeezed and released my cock
until I was rock hard again.

"Want me to jerk you off, jerk-off?" She asked.

 "Oh, would you please, Mistress?"

 "No, asshole, that is your job. Now do it!"

 I grabbed my cock and took over the squeezing motion from Her. I squeezed and
stroked until I was close to coming, but a very hard thrust of Her cock in my
ass calmed down the feeling.

"Do not come until I tell you to."

I continued to play with my miserable cock, but very carefully as I was afraid
of coming without permission. She knew this and I could see Her smile in the
mirror. The fucking was subsiding.

"Now, slut, come in your hand."

 I put my right hand in front of my cock and stroked a bit faster with my left.
My fourth self induced orgasm shot into my hand.

 "Eat it."

 I brought my hand up to my mouth and licked every drop of my own come and
swallowed it. I could see Mistress rotating her hips against the strap-on and
half-closing her eyes. She was about to have an orgasm. The harness had a
special knob on the inside that was custom designed to rub against Mistress'
clit. I felt Her have a strong, controlled orgasm as She broke eye contact with
me for the first time. Finally, She pulled the dildo out of my ass. I
immediately dropped down to my knees and put my mouth on Her artificial cock and
began to lick and suck it.

 "Good boy! You know that you are a cock sucking little jerk off and what your
role is. Now lick it clean."

 I did as instructed, and Mistress removed the harness and tossed it aside. She
pulled on the leash as I followed Her on my hands and knees into the bathroom,
where she guided me with the leash into the tub, and then removed the collar.

 "I don't want to get your dog collar dirty," She said with a smile. "Lay down."

The tub was hard and cold as I lay back. Mistress stepped into the tub and
turned so that her ass was above my face. She pulled her cheeks apart and
squatted ever so slightly. I could see a brown piece of shit slowly emerging
from her lovely brown hole.

 "Put your mouth on it and suck it out of my ass. Do it. Now!!"

 I reached up and wrapped my lips around her turd. The smell was overpowering,
yet somehow not repulsive. The same with the taste. I thought that shit would be
horrible tasting, but the smell was far more powerful than the taste. I pulled
the turd out of Her ass with my lips, being careful not to bite down on it and
break it. I sucked a nice 5 inch long piece of shit out of Mistress' ass and lay
there with it sticking out of my mouth.

 "Very good. Now keep it there."

 I held her shit in my mouth as She proceeded to evacuate her bowels onto my
face. I felt as if I would wretch from the overpowering smell from my shit
covered face, but fear kept me doing so. I lay there awaiting the next order.

 "Chew it!"

 I did. I began chewing the piece of shit that was in my mouth, holding half of
it in my hand as it broke in two.

"Don't swallow yet. Enjoy the taste."

 I held the soft, semi chewed lump of shit in my mouth and savored the taste. I
was amazed to find that I was enjoying the taste. The smell was repulsive, but
the taste was oddly wonderful.

"Ok, now swallow."

I gulped it down.

 "Rub the other piece all over your face."

 I proceeded to smear shit over most of my face.

 "Finish all of it, every last piece of my shit that is in the tub," She
ordered.

 I picked up a small piece and put it in my mouth and chewed, then another. I
swallowed this and repeated until all of the shit was out of the tub and in my
stomach. Mistress wiped my mouth with a wash cloth, and instructed me to cleanse
her anus. As She spread her cheeks, I happily stuck out my tongue and licked the
left side of her crack, then the right side. I rolled my tongue up and down the
length of her crack and then tongued her sweet, little hole. I sucked the hole
and pushed my tongue in as far as I could. I sucked for several minutes, and
then Mistress inspected my work. She rubbed a hand up and down the crack and
gave it a sniff.

"Good work, shit eating, cock sucking little jerk off. I am clean, which is more
than I can say for you. Need something to wash it all down?"

"Yes, please, Mistress."

 She pulled her cunt lips apart and initiated a stream of hot, yellow urine
directly into my mouth. I greedily swallowed every drop, remembering to
profusely thank Mistress for Her golden nectar. With the smell of shit filling
the room and the taste of shit filling my mouth, Mistress commanded me to my
fifth orgasm. All it took was her saying "Jerk my cock" to get me going and
"Come now" to make me come.

 As I lay panting in the tub, Mistress stepped out, looked down at me
disdainfully, and said "Clean yourself up. I have company coming over in a
little while. I have a female submissive who I want you to meet. She is very
beautiful, with short dark hair. She also weighs about 300 pounds. I will
probably let you watch her lick my pussy, and then we'll both watch you jerk
off, since that is all you are good for."

 Mistress was right. I am a cock sucking, shit and piss drinking, ass kissing
and sucking little jerk-off.




Chapter 6 Meeting V

I took a long hot shower and used lots of soap as well as mouthwash. My rectum
was very sore and the feel of the hot water and soap caused quite a burning
sensation. I grabbed a towel and stepped out of the shower when Mistress came
in.

 "Are you clean now, little jerk off?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good. V is here and she is very anxious to meet you. She is also a bit jealous
as she has been asking me to crap on her for about a year now and I kept telling
her that I'm not into it. Now that I told her about our adventure, she is fit to
be tied. I think she resents you for that."

 Just what I needed. A female subby with a grudge against me. Anyway, Mistress
put the collar and leash back on me and, after I got on all fours, led me into
the living room to meet V. V was standing up, totally naked. Mistress'
description was right on the mark. V was very beautiful, with big brown eyes and
thick, pouting lips. She had a big set of tits, about 40DD, with a waist of
about 44 and thighs probably around the same. Her most distinct feature was her
large, round ass. It was as round as it was large, nice and firm too. I looked
up at her from my doggy position and she just looked back at me without smiling.

"V, this is my little jerk off pet. Say hi to him, "said Mistress.

 "Hi," said V. "Very nice to make your acquaintance."

 "Likewise," I said.

 "V, turn around and show jerkoff here your beautiful ass."

 V turned around, bent forward a little and spread her large round cheeks. Her
ass was really magnificent. Her crack looked so smooth and inviting, and her
little brown shit hole was perfectly formed. I wonder if Mistress fucked her ass
as hard as she fucked mine earlier.

 "Slutboy, go over and sniff her ass. Don't you dare stick that tongue out, just
sniff."

I took a couple of kneeling steps forward and placed my nose in V's crack. It
was lovely, smelling of little more than a soapy fragrance.

"Delicious, isn't it?" said Mistress. "Move over...I want a taste."

With that, Mistress knelt down, pushed me aside and buried her face in V's ass.
She held V with her hands on both of V's hips and licked V's crack and sucked
her hole. The sight of Mistress on her knees with her face buried in another
woman's ass caused me to sprout a raging hard-on. Mistress sucked on V's ass for
a few minutes and then sat down on the couch. Mistress put one leg over the back
of the couch and the other on the floor, leaving herself wide open.

 "Come here, slut," She said to V. V walked over, got on her knees, and looked
up at Mistress. "Lick me, cunt!" commanded the big, beautiful domme.

V put her hands under Mistress' ass and buried her face in Mistress' pussy. I
could hear the slurping noises she was making as she greedily sucked those
delicious juices. Mistress was starting to moan and groan from the skilled
sucking she was receiving. I knew she would come very soon. She looked at me.

 "Come when I do, little jerkoff. Do that for Mistress and impress V."

My hand went right to my cock and started rubbing it. My cock was pretty sore
from all of the jerking off that I had done, but I was able to disregard the
pain.  It didn't take long for me to get to the brink of orgasm. I looked at
Mistress who was beginning to come in V's mouth.

 "Now. Come now," She bellowed.

 I shot a large hot load right onto the lovely backside of V just as Mistress
was coming in her mouth. Mistress looked at the mess on V's backside, put her
hands on the back of my head, and ground my face all over V's come filled
backside. V was happily licking her chops and Mistress had her head back basking
in the after glow of her powerful orgasm. As for me, I stayed there on my knees,
my face covered in my own come from my 6th self induced orgasm, looking up into
the eyes of Mistress, wondering what would be next.

Mistress is pleased with how things are going. I can see that from the little
smile on her beautiful lips.

 "Slutboy, go over by V's ass and gaze upon it. Sniff it, but do not lick or
touch it in any way. Merely look and smell, look and smell."

 I bring my nose less than half an inch from V's spread cheeks. I'm not sure
what happened or why, but I grab V by the hips and bury my face in her huge and
delicious crack. I barely get my tongue in her little hole when Whack! Mistress
laid a hard blow across my ass with her leather bull whip. A sharp, intense,
searing pain traveled up to my brain, and I cried out as tears simultaneously
came to my eyes. Whack! Another vicious smack, this one on my lower back. I
screamed again and began to weep as the pain was excruciating. I was stunned by
the cruelty of the attack. Mistress takes a ball gag and sticks it in my mouth
and buckles it tightly in the back.

 "You violated my personal property, jerkoff, and for that you must pay. That
ass is mine and only mine, and you had no right to stick your face in it. You've
angered Mistress, and that is bad."

As I remain there on all fours weeping like a whipped puppy, Mistress straddles
me and releases a stream of warm pee onto the lashes she had carved into my
back. If I thought that the pain from the lashing was bad, this was five times
worse. The cracked skin felt like it was on fire, and the wetness of the urine
made the pain linger and not subside. As the stream continued down my back
toward my ass, it made contact with my bruised ass flesh and set that area on
fire. It literally felt like my ass and back were burning. I attempted a scream
and then went down on the side of my head as I passed out from the pain.

I awakened to the touch of V's hand rubbing an aloe salve over my wounds. She
had a nice, gentle touch and the burning had pretty much subsided.

 "You disappointed Her," said V softly. She really likes you and has high
expectations for you. That is why she beat you so hard. It was due to love."

 I didn't know what to say. I had just experienced the worst pain of my life,
and it was due to love. Somehow, it made sense, and I knew that I needed to
apologize. I crawled into the living room where Mistress was relaxing on the
couch.

 "How are you feeling, jerkoff?" She asked.

 "Better, Mistress, thank you for asking," I replied. "Mistress, please allow me
to apologize for my atrocious, despicable behavior before. It was totally
inappropriate and I thank you so much for not beating me worse that you did."

 Mistress smiled. "You tasted only two lashes, boy. If that ever happens again,
you will feel twenty. What do you think about that?"

 I shuddered at the thought. "I don't think that I could survive that," I
whimpered.

"Oh, you could survive that and whatever else I tell you to. Come closer."

 I crawled closer to Mistress and she guided my head onto her lap. My little
dick was getting had again from being so close to my Goddess.

"V has an irresistible ass, so I don't totally blame you. I think you learned
your lesson."

Mistress summoned V into the room.

"V, turn around and spread those cheeks for you Mistress."

 V happily did so.

 "Step closer to me."

 V did. Mistress licked her middle finger and then inserted it into V's hole.
Mistress wiggled it about, and then inserted the index finger. She moved the two
fingers in and out, and then pulled them out. Mistress put the fingers under my
nose.

"Smell them."

I did, and they smelled wonderfully delicious. Mistress put them in my mouth.

 "Suck them."

 I sucked V's rectal juices off of Mistress' fingers and loved every drop of it.
My cock was pounding now. Mistress put the fingers back in V's ass, pulled them
out again, and buried her face in V's glistening ass. Mistress sucked the moist
hole, then turned to me, put her hand behind my head and pulled me close, and
gave me a long, slow, very hard kiss. Her tongue was all over my tongue, and I
could smell and taste V's scent on it. A kiss like that from Mistress alone
would have my head reeling, but with the smell of V's ass added to it, it was
truly intoxicating. Mistress turned her attention back to V's back side. She
reinserted the two fingers, and added a third. The pinky soon followed. Mistress
was moving four fingers in and out and all around V's ass. I was amazed at how
easily Mistress was able to get those fingers in without any lubrication, buy I
realized that V's asshole was probably very well fucked and could handle that
and a lot more. Mistress inserted the thumb and now had her hand buried in V's
ass up to the wrist. As she twisted the hand around and pulled and pushed it
around V's stretched rectum, Mistress used her left hand to reach around to V's
cunt. Mistress inserted her thumb into the cunt and was able to squeeze V's
entire pussy in her hand. Mistress was rubbing V's clit with her thumb as she
squeezed the entire surrounding cunt flesh while the other hand continued the
fist fucking of the mammoth, gorgeous ass. V started trembling with a powerful
orgasm. She began rocking back and forth. Mistress guided her down to her knees,
still with both hands inserted into V. Mistress gave a good, hard squeeze on the
pussy as she pushed her arm further up V's ass, and V exploded. Her legs
actually came off the ground as she went into the air and came down on her
stomach, Mistress still attached. V lay face down. I couldn't tell if the
shaking motion was from V trembling or Mistress shaking her like a hand puppet.
I think it was a combination of both. V was moaning with both pain and pleasure,
and the trembling gradually subsided. Mistress pulled her hand out of V's ass
and released the grip on the pussy. Mistress sniffed and licked up and down the
arm that had been inside of V, and then presented it to me. I profusely thanked
Mistress and ran my tongue up and down Mistress' arm, licking as much as I
could.

 "V, lay on your back."

 V turned over and looked up, still glassy eyed.

 "Jerkoff, sit on her chest."

I crawled over to where V lay and sat on V's chest, my ass touching her tits.

 "Put his cock in your mouth, V," commanded Mistress.

 V lifted her head and reached forward, taking half of my cock in her mouth.
Mistress smiled.

 "Little, slut boy, would you like to come in V's mouth? Wouldn't you love a
little blow job from her?"

My cock was pounding inside of V's mouth. I could feel V gently sucking. I hope
she wasn't trying to make me come. That would be treacherous.

 "Oh Mistress, yes, that would be incredible," I stammered.

"Yes, it would be," said Mistress. "But, tell me something. What are you?"

I thought a quick second. "I'm a cock sucking, ass kissing, little jerk off who
... "

 "That's it. The third one," laughed Mistress.

 "Yes, Mistress, I'm a jerk-off."

Mistress laughed more. "Then take your cock out of that pretty girl's mouth and
do what you do best. Jerk off, and come on her face."

I took my cock in my favorite grip, with the thumb on top and fingers on the
bottom, and started jerking it. Almost immediately, I was shooting my come all
over V's pretty face.

 "How many times have you jerked off for Mistress," She asked.

 "That is the seventh time, Mistress."

 "Seven times over two days. That's not bad. What do you think, V?"

"I think that he is a real jerk off. He should thank his lucky stars that you
even let him jerk off in your presence, as that is more than he deserves," said
V.

 Mistress smiled approvingly. "Well spoken, V. Now, jerk off, lick your come off
of V's face."

I proceeded to lick every last drop of my semen off of V's face. Mistress stood
up at looked at her two subbys lying together on the floor, both in the
afterglow of orgasm. She smiled, spread her legs, pulled her cunt lips apart,
and started to pee on us. Both V and I instinctively opened our mouths and
allowed Her stream to pour directly in. We managed to drink her urine with very
little spillage.

 "Hmm, who should get to lick me clean?" asked Mistress. "M, I know you'd love
to, but I don't think you can handle it without sprouting another hard on, so,
V, come here baby, and lick your master's pussy clean!"

Mistress was barely on the couch when V was already licking and sucking that
most wonderful of places.

Mistress sent V and I into the bathroom to clean up before bed. We showered
together, washing each other rather tenderly. I wanted to taste V's ass and cunt
really badly, but I did not dare even bring up the suggestion. I knew that V
would tell. V gently dried me and I dried her, and we both walked on all fours
into Mistress' bedroom. Mistress had two mats set up, one of each side of the
bed. The Mistress climbed into the bed alone, while V and I lay on the floor
like two adoring puppies at our master's feet. I ignored my throbbing penis as I
drifted off into sleep.




To Serve my Mistress

Chapter 7 LadyC

I awoke first and went into the kitchen to make coffee. Mistress soon entered
with V following behind on a leash. Mistress attached my leash to my collar and
had me join V on the floor to sit at Mistress' feet as she drank her coffee.

 "A friend is coming by shortly. You'll call her LadyC. C is a domme, trained by
me, and is also a sub to me, but is also into being more of a goddess. She is
more into the worship than some of the stuff I like, but you'll both like her
and serve her." With that, Mistress had V and I get to cleaning the house top to
bottom.

Mistress lived in a ranch style three bedroom house, with a finished basement
that included a dungeon that was a work in progress. As I looked around this
room, at the chains on the wall, the cage in the corner, a long, flat
gynecological looking table, and some things that I had no idea what they were
or what they were for, a strange feeling of dread mixed with excitement came
over me.

"Have you served Mistress down here?" I asked V.

V smiled. "Occassionally. Mostly this is used by Mistress during her pro domme
sessions. She has several regular clients who pay Her some serious dollars to do
to them what she does to us for free. But, since She doesn't have feelings for
them like she does for us, some sessions can be really nasty."

I pondered this. "In what way?"

"There's this one guy who is into face slapping. He gets incredibly aroused when
Mistress slaps him really hard. One time Mistress got a little carried away and
mixed a few punches in with the slaps. She broke his nose and gave him quite a
black eye. It wasn't pretty. Anyway, the guy paid her double the usual amount."

"What have you done here, V?"

"Mostly we've used the table there. I've lay there with my feet in the stirrups
and Mistress has used Her mouth, Her hands, Her fists, and assorted objects on
my pussy. She loves to give me incredible orgasms."

"Yeah, I noticed that yesterday," I said.

"That was a good one. When She fists me like that, I go nuts," purred V. "Let's
finish up. We don't want to anger Mistress."

As V and I finish out chores and return to the living room, we see that LadyC is
already there. LadyC is built like Mistress, but has short black hair and a
really sweet face. She is wearing nothing but a pair of white cotton panties.
Goddess or not, LadyC is obviously also subservient to Mistress. She had been
licking Mistress' pussy when we entered the room, but stopped and stood to greet
us.

Mistress stands behind LadyC, squeezes her tits and softly whispers in LadyC's
ear, "pee yourself." C pees her panties. I can see the white fabric getting a
big dark stain.

"Please continue sucking me, LadyC," says Mistress. C eagerly gets back on her
knees and returns to her labor of love.

 "V, get down under LadyC and suck her pee filled panties."

V wastes no time in getting underneath LadyC and sucking the pee and the pussy
of the lovely LadyC. Mistress has her hands on LadyC's head and is grinding it
into Her pussy. C grinds her pussy into V's mouth as V sucks intently on the
cotton material. As Mistress begins to come in LadyC's mouth, C comes through
the panties in V's mouth. V sucks the panties, yearning for her own orgasm but
knowing that she needs to wait for permission.

Mistress says the coffee has made her have to shit.

 "Oh Mistress, please, oh please, please let me eat your shit. Don't give any
more to jerkoff," begs V.

 Mistress agrees, and we all go off into the bathroom. V gets in the tub and
Mistress straddles her. Mistress spreads her cheeks and a nice size piece of
shit shows its head out of Mistress' ass.

 "Grab it in your mouth, V," says Mistress.

V wraps her beautiful lips around the turd and pulls it out of Mistress' ass
much like I did. V holds it in her mouth.

"Jerkoff, grab the other half in your mouth."

I hop into the tub and take the half of piece of shit that is sticking out of
V's mouth into my own. I feel the rest of Mistress' bowel movement falling on my
back and head. V and I devour the shit in our mouths and begin to grab the
remaining pieces. As we are chewing the last pieces, Mistress instructs me to
keep chewing the last piece and not too swallow. Mistress pees in a bowl, and
has me spit the well chewed shit into the bowl.

"Jerkoff, show LadyC how you got your name."

I grab my cock and jerk off for the eighth time, coming into the bowl.

"Swirl it around and drink it, very slowly," commands Mistress.

I mix it up well and very slowly drink the murky combo of shit, piss, and scum,
while looking around at the three women looking at me. Mistress is smiling, V is
licking the last remnants of shit off her lips, and LadyC is rubbing her cunt
furiously at the sight of all this.

"MsJ, this is so great!" pants LadyC. "I'm going to come!"

And come she does, getting her come and pee soaked panties even wetter than they
were. Mistress goes over to LadyC, puts her arms around her and the two of them
embrace in a long, slow, passionate kiss, while V and I look up at them from our
tub.

"MsJ, may I cleanse your anus?" asks LadyC.

"Why C, that would be nice!" says Mistress with a little surprise. "I didn't
know you wanted to suck ass."

"Actually, I didn't until now. But watching your drop a load on these two just
got me all juiced up," explains LadyC.

Mistress leans forward and spreads her cheeks as LadyC starts tonguing and
licking Mistress' magnificent ass crack. LadyC rims the little brown hole and
sucks on it and licks some more, giving Mistress a fine cleansing.




Chapter 8 Double-dong Dildo

Mistress and LadyC adjourn to the living room while V and I clean up the
bathroom and ourselves. We crawl together into the living room, where Mistress
and LadyC are sitting on the couch wrapped in a deep embrace. Mistress's hand is
between LadyC's legs, squeezing her pussy through the soaking panties. Mistress
is squeezing and rubbing C's pussy, faster and faster. LadyC is squirming on the
couch; she is close to orgasm. Mistress suddenly lowers her head to LadyC's
crotch, takes C's pussy and clit in her mouth, and with some hard sucking, has
LadyC coming like a bastard. As LadyC puts her head back and relaxes, V and I
are both a bit surprised by what we see next. Mistress pulls off LadyC's pee and
come soaked panties, gives them a good sniffing, and stuffs them in her mouth
and begins sucking the juices out of them. She gives them a good sucking, taking
them out of her mouth only to rearrange the material. After a couple of minutes
of this, she takes them out of her mouth, hands them back to LadyC and tells her
to put them back on. C smiles and immediately does so.

 "May I return the sucking, MsJ?" asks LadyC.

 "Please do, pretty Lady."

 LadyC gets on her knees and Mistress puts her legs on C's shoulders. LadyC
lowers her head to Mistress's pussy and runs her tongue up and down the length
of this beautiful love canal. C separates Mistress's pussy lips, exposing the
swollen clit. Taking the little bud in her mouth, LadyC starts nibbling and
biting it as Mistress begins grinding her hips faster and faster into LadyC's
face. Faster and faster until Mistress puts her hands on the back of LadyC's
head, holds it tight to her cunt, and lets loose a long, powerful orgasm. LadyC
dutifully sucks every drop of Mistress' come. C rises, sits back on the couch,
and the two of them have another really hot kiss.

V and I look at each other. My cock is throbbing, and I can see V's hand has
slipped between her legs and she is playing with herself. I shake my head no to
her, as I know that Mistress would not want either of us playing with ourselves
without permission. V understands and immediately stops and gives me a smile. I
don't think she was even aware where her hand was. She reaches her hand out to
me and gives my cock a quick, little squeeze. We smile at each other, as the two
magnificent women on the couch continue their making-out. I reach my hand out
and give V's left nipple a very quick little squeeze. V smiles and squeezes the
other one herself. I lean my head over and give V's nipple a very quick, little
bite. V smiles and reaches over to again give my cock a little squeeze, though a
little longer this time. I feel like I could come right then and there. We are
both rather hot as the Mistress and Goddess finally end their embrace and turn
their attention to us.

Mistress speaks first. "Look at the little cock on jerkoff. He's erect as a
flagpole. V, are you hot, too?"

"God, yes, Mistress, my cunt is very wet," says V.

 "Hmm, LadyC, what shall we do with these two? Any ideas?" asks Mistress.

 LadyC thinks a bit as her hand slips between her legs and she rubs herself
through the very wet panties.

"I think that I have an idea, MsJ," says LadyC. "How about if we use that nice
14 inch double-headed dildo and fuck them both in the ass simultaneously?"

 "Excellent idea, C," says Mistress. Mistress goes in her closet of appliances
and comes out with a long, purple colored ribbed double headed dildo, and a tube
of KY.

"Lady, you put this end in V's lovely ass. No lube needed for her, just a little
pussy juice will do, your or hers. I'll take care of jerkoff."

I felt Mistress put the KY on my asshole and a little in my rectum. The head of
the dildo slid easily into my ass, and Mistress began her in and out motion,
each time pushing it further in until all 7 inches, the halfway point, were
buried in me. At the same time, LadyC was working her end all the way into V's
magnificent ass. When we were both impaled, Lady C grabbed the dildo in the
middle and began working it left to right and right to left. As it would come
out of my ass, it would go further into V. As it exited V, it came further into
mine. LadyC was enjoying this seesaw type activity, as was Mistress. Mistress
came around behind LadyC and sat down so that She could put her face right on
C's cunt. Again through the soaking panties, Mistress sucked on LadyC's pussy,
driving her wild with passion. To keep from falling. LadyC was using the double
dildo as a balancing pole; as she rocked back and forth, the dildo would pull
against one side of my ass wall and then the other. The same was occurring
within V's ass. As LadyC exploded with her orgasm, she fell back onto the couch
and pulled the dildo out of both of our asses rather briskly.

Mistress said, "I want to try using the dildo as a handle. C, insert it back in
both of these sluts!"

LadyC pushed the dildo rudely up my ass and likewise up V's. Mistress grabbed
hold of it as LadyC sat down and began using her skilled mouth on Mistress'
glistening cunt. I could hear LadyC slurping and sucking as Mistress was working
the dildo in and out of both of our asses and side to side. At one point, She
almost fell over and pulled on the "bar" so hard that V and I were both pulled
over onto our sides. LadyC continued the sucking and Mistress continued the
fucking and soon Mistress was coming all over LadyC's face. Mistress withdrew
the dildo and had me suck the end that had been inside of V, and V sucked the
end that was in me. Damn, but V was exquisitely delicious. I wanted her very
badly, but dare not even think in that direction for fear of the whip.




Chapter 9  Failure is not Tolerated


"MsJ, I need to pee. Please excuse me," says LadyC.

 "No need to go anywhere, C, we have our toilets right here. Jerkoff, do you
think you can swallow all of LadyC's pee without spilling any?" asked Mistress.

"I think so, Mistress, I'll do my best," I said meekly.

"C, pull aside your panties and pee right into Jerkoff's mouth. Stop immediately
if he spills any."

LadyC pulled aside her soaked cotton panties, straddled my face and let loose 
hot gushing stream of pee. I swallowed as fast as I could, but the point is to
just let your throat loose and have the pee just flow down and not have to
swallow. The pee filled up my mouth and began to dribble down the sides of my
face. LadyC immediately stopped the flow.

Mistress looked mad. "V, you get over here and show Jerkoff how it done."

V sat down in my place and LadyC resumed her stream right into V's mouth. V
allowed the hot pee to flow directly down her throat without spilling a drop.

"Good girl, V," said Mistress. "You may clean LadyC's pussy."

V put her hands behind LadyC's ass and slowly licked C's wet pussy.

"That's enough, girls. Time to punish Jerkoff."

I shuddered. "Please, Mistress, not the whip."

Mistress smiled that soft smile of hers.

"No, boy, the whip is for disobedience. What we have here is incompetence. You
need a little reminder."

With that, Mistress came behind me, had me get on my knees looking away from
her, and proceeded to dig her nails into and down my back, leaving deep,
bleeding scratches. She then straddled me and let loose her urine into my fresh
wounds. Like the last time, the pain was horrible. It felt as if there was a
fire on my back.

Mistress looked at LadyC. "Anything left, C?" asked Mistress.

"No, MsJ, it all went into V's mouth."

"V, you must have some pee. Come here and pee on Jerkoff's back."

V looked at me as she crawled over to me on her knees. She looked like she felt
bad about what she was about to do, but there was no disobedience in this girl.
V stood over me and let loose a very long pee, totally drenching my back and my
bloody scratches. I began to scream, but Mistress quickly put the ball gag into
my mouth. Mistress pushed me over with her foot so that I was laying on my back.

As I lay there sobbing, Mistress sent V over to me and had her begin nibbling my
cock. Despite the pain, this surprising move immediately got me erect again. V
had a very soft, skilled mouth and tongue, and we briefly made eye contact. I
think she wanted me almost as much as I wanted her. V licked and sucked me for
only about a minute when Mistress told her to stop.

"Jerkoff, the lesson to learn is to not say you can do something that you cannot
do. I do not tolerate failure. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress, I understand totally," I whispered.

"Good. Now Jerkoff, once again show the ladies how you earned your name. Jerk My
cock for the ninth time. Come in your hand and eat it all like a good little
jerkoff."

I eagerly grabbed my cock and rubbed it up and down. In moments, I came in my
right hand and immediately brought my hand to my mouth and licked up every last
drop of my come, as Mistress, LadyC and V all were sitting there, watching me.
My humiliation caused me to start weeping.

 Mistress spoke. "V, I think you know what Jerkoff is feeling. You may go
console him."

V got down on the floor laid next to me and wrapped her arms around me in a
strong embrace. Her arms were around mine so I could not hug back, and her legs
had mine constrained. I felt great in V's embrace. My cock started to get hard
again, but only V could tell as my cock was between her large thighs. I could
feel her tighten her thigh muscles a little bit. Damn, I thought. If she does
that too much, I can easily come again. I must have been gyrating my hips,
because mistress came over and pulled up apart. My little dick was at full
erection.

"Well, well," said Mistress. "Looks like Jerkoff is smitten with V. Look how one
little hug gets him so hot."

V looks at me and then Mistress. "Mistress, make him jerkoff again. Make him
come a tenth time."

Mistress looks at us and LadyC, who nods and smiles.

"Well, Jerkoff, perform for us again. Now!"

My hand goes to my cock and begins the familiar jerking motion.

"Make My cock come...Now!"

With that command, I shoot a load right into my hand.

"Rub it all over your face, Jerkoff," orders Mistress.
With a fresh set of tears streaming down, I smear my come all over my face.
Mistress has me sit there like that as she has LadyC suck on her left bosom and
allows V to suck on the other.

"Hmmm, where do we go from here?" ponders Mistress.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





