BDSM Library - Brian Gets Caught And Pays The Price




Brian Gets Caught And Pays The Price
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Brian is a compulsive masturbator with a desire for the S/M lifestyle and has gay fantasies. When his wife catches him he begs for forgiveness and punishment. She delivers on the punishment. Consentual becomes reluctant as she reveals her intent to totally emasculate and dehumanize him!
This is a work of fiction for relatively mature adults who find the sexual
degradation and humiliation of another human being sexually exciting. This is
violent and may be offensive to some of the more delicate readers. I enjoy
feedback from readers more than a good rating. Let me know if and why you do or
don't like a Marion story.




Brian Gets Caught and Pays The Price
(c) Marion 2003

My name is Brian. I'm quite embarrassed about this whole thing, but I read a
story by Marion in the BDSM Library where he had written it for a woman who told
him about her need to be a real submissive. So, I E-mailed him and asked if he
would put my story into something readable, to see if anyone out there could
help me. We exchanged several E-mails and the following is my story, as true as
it can be told.

It's all my fault, I know that. Ever since I first learned how to beat my meat
as a little boy, I dreamt of having a sexually dominant girl/woman control my
entire sex life. I think it stems from my mother. She used to get very angry
when she found sperm in my underpants or on the bedclothes. When she found some
she would spank me severely. When I was ten or eleven she made the punishment
more severe by making me lay on my back across her knees and she would spank my
testicles and penis with a ruler! By the time I turned sixteen I actually had
learn to enjoy the testicle beatings and her verbal abuse. I would intentionally
wipe up my cum with my shorts in anticipation of her punishment! .I never
thought of her getting off on punishing me, but as she would scream at me and
get the ruler, she would disrobe so that both of us were naked during my
punishment! She was so beautiful, so powerful! I truly worshiped her!

When I went to college and then into the service, I ached for that kind of
abuse, but was scared to even ask a prostitute to punish me. I ached for it and
would punish myself, but it was never really satisfying. I needed the wrath of
an angry woman and I knew I was a coward and no matter how much I wanted to
suffer I hedged on the strokes. So, I have spent the better part of my adult
life jacking-off and fantasizing about a being dominated and humiliated by a
beautiful woman. I wanted her to dictate when and where I could masturbate and
when I disobeyed her, she would become outraged and punish me. She would inflict
really severe punishment like my testicle spanking or, and I really want to know
what it would be like, to have her kick me in the testicles with some sharp
pointed high heels and laugh as I screamed from the pain. My dream dominatrix
would publicly humiliate me and regulate my ability to play with myself. I
carried this fantasy all through puberty and into adult life.

When I started going with Mattie the fantasy was still there, and physically she
was my dream image of a dominant woman, but again, I was to afraid to broach the
subject. And, she just didn't seem like the type of person who would allow that
kind of relationship.

We had sex before we were married, and even though I enjoyed my orgasms I knew
she was never completely satisfied. I did worship her and my subservient side
made me want to satisfy her however possible. I didn't just get up and walk away
after I ejaculated. I loved to minister to her like a slave. I would kiss and
suck her toes and I would go down on her and eat her pussy and suck on her
clitoris. In doing so, I ended up eating my own cum, to help her achieve orgasm.
I was always pleased when she experienced an orgasm. Even though I didn't admit
it to her, eating cum fed my subservient fantasy of her ordering me to lick
other men's sperm out of her pussy. I fantasized that she was forcing me to eat
the sperm of a real man who had fucked her and satisfied her. Together they
would laugh at me, ridicule me and force me to suck his cock and let him fuck
me!

Even though I couldn't make her cum during "normal" sex, she would have an
orgasm when I used my tongue to give her an orgasm.

I have a secret stash of sex magazines and under a separate screen name on my
computer so I can surf the porn sites. I continued to fantasized my wife was the
dominant sexual partner in our relationship for several years after our
marriage. Even after we had wonderful sex, I would go into the bathroom and
masturbate. I always played with myself when she wasn't home, dreaming of her
refusing to let me ejaculate, forcing me to watch her have sex with other men
and women!  She would tell her lovers how incompetent I was as a lover and make
me confess that it was true.

In my fantasies she would invite friends over and humiliate me in front of them,
laughing as she told them that I never did produce a lot of sperm, that when I
did ejaculate it was pre-mature and she was never satisfied! She would tell them
that she stopped having sex with me and would never again submit to having
sexual intercourse with me!  She told me my putrid sperm made her want to vomit!

Her friends would then laugh at me and tell her how sorry they felt for her that
she got stuck with me! Her women friends would spit on me! They would suggest
she divorce me or maybe even find a way of getting rid of me! During
masturbation I found the idea of these women, plotting with my wife as to how to
kill me through various forms of sexual torture, incredibly erotic!

 I've learned I had a lot in common with many of the characters in the stories
in the BDSM Library website and am a voracious reader of stories dealing with
submissive men, especially those about men who are emasculated, dominated and
feminized by their wives. However, personally, I'm not a writer. These then are
the reasons why I wrote Marion and asked him to tell you my story.

A little over a year ago while my wife Mattie was doing some shopping. I took
advantage of her absence and was in the bathroom looking at pictures of women
who were dominating and humiliating men and masturbating. I didn't hear Mattie
come home and then all of a sudden, the door to the bathroom flew open and my
wife caught me jacking-off, as I sat on the toilet. She was shocked for a long
moment but then broke into laughter!

I felt so stupid and awkward and I just stammered incoherently, trying to
apologize! She found it hysterical that a grown man would hide in the bathroom
like a little boy and play with himself! I froze when she opened the door and
could feel myself turning crimson, but then, as she laughed, a strange thing
happened. My hips lurched forward and I had an orgasm! Several globs of cum shot
out of my piss hole and arched their way onto the tile floor as my body bounced
on the toilet seat!

Mattie doubled over in laughter! I felt sick. I was so embarrassed and
humiliated. But as she stood there in her beige linen business suit with a slit
in the skirt that opened in the front that revealed a significant portion of her
thigh, a starched white blouse with a huge white collar, gold necklace and
bracelets and beige high-heeled shoes, she was the woman I had dreamed of in my
fantasies! There she was the strong, beautiful, stylish woman I had dreamed of,
catching me and laughing at me for playing with myself like a weak little boy!
Without thinking, I slid off the toilet seat onto my knees on the floor and
heard myself begging:

"I'm sorry Mattie! I'm so sorry! Punish me! Please punish me! I won't do it
again! I promise, I'll never do it again!"

Suddenly she stopped laughing and gave me a long hard look. "Punish you?" Then
adding with a slight chuckle: "You'll never do it again, huh?" I could see she
was thinking evil thoughts as she looked right through me before she spoke and
allowed a smile to cross her lips and allowed a mischievous chuckle to escape
her lips! "Give me your little picture book!" She said pointing to the magazine.
I took it off the floor from where I had dropped it and handed it to her.

"I'm sorry Mattie. I promise, I'll never do it again, honest!"

She stared at me as she took the magazine. "Naughty boys need to be punished.
You clean up your mess and then we'll talk. We need to talk Brian." She left,
leaving me kneeling on the floor, my pants and shorts down around my ankles and
a string of cum hanging from my penis down onto the floor!.

I was scared, nervous and yes, excited, as I remove a piece of toilet paper to
wipe my droplets of cum from the tile floor, but after checking to make sure she
wasn't still in the doorway, I wiped up each glob of my thick milky sperm up
with my finger and licked it clean off, using the toilet paper to wipe off my
finger. I put my shorts and pants back on, washed my hands and checked my hair
in the mirror, trying to look as presentable as possible.

My legs felt weak as I made my way to the dining room where Mattie was waiting.
She had a cigarette and was sipping a glass of Chardonnay as she skimmed through
my magazine of sadistic women abusing men. I suddenly realized she was sitting
at the table in my chair! My heart leaped with excitement, she had never before
sat in my chair. She looked different sitting there. She looked regal and
authoritative. Maybe it was just my imagination, but she looked like a very
stern queen, about to severely punish one of her subjects. Her long lean legs
were crossed exposing a great deal of her legs, her skirt hiked high on her
thighs exposing the milk white skin at the top of her nylons and her right leg
was kicking the air in front of her as her toes were the only part of her foot
holding the shoe on her foot. 

I had no idea what was about to happen, but I had been caught playing with
myself, reading a dirty magazine, just like I had so often fantasized! I felt
the humiliation I had prayed for. As I approached her I was scared shitless! My
stomach was turning. I wanted to fall on my knees and kiss her feet and beg for
punishment, but I was scared. I hoped, at least in the back of my mind that I
had put my foot in the door that would eventually open onto the sexual life I
had longed for, for so many years!

I had no idea how right I was. My wife was about to send me to a hell that I
could never have dreamed of! My hands shaking, I attempted to pour myself a
glass of wine. I settled for half a glass and took her seat at the table.

"So, how long has this been going on?" She asked sipping her wine.

"Long time. Mattie, I'm so sorry. I..." I answered.

"How long is a long time?" She pressed.

"Since I was a kid. I'm so sorry honey. It's like, it's like I'm an addict."

"Uh huh. And when you are playing with yourself like a pervert, you are thinking
of a woman like this, doing these kind of things to you?"

"You! I think of you. You and me! Only you, honest!"

"Bullshit! What this tells me is that I let you fuck me and that I don't satisfy
you, so you run into the john and jack-off thinking about having sex with one of
these women!"

"No! Yes!  Honey, no! It's just...It's...it's a different kind of sex!"

"I can tell." She said holding up the magazine. "Go ahead, I'm listening."

"It's me. It's me! I love you! I love making love to you! It's just.."

"Ha!"

"No! Honest to God, I love making love to you and kissing you, you know, down
there." I nodded towards her groin.

"For Christ's sake you're reading a fuck magazine like this and you can't say
vagina, pussy, snatch or even cunt?"

"Your pussy! Honey, I love your pussy! I love the taste, the smell! I love
kissing and sucking your clitoris! I know I don't really satisfy you when I'm
fucking you, but I do want to make you happy! Honest!  I love making you hot and
helping you enjoy an orgasm! I get so hot when you have an orgasm that, that I
have to cum again! It's just that when I'm doing it, I think of us doing
those...those kinds of things!"

"More bullshit! I know why you go down on me! You don't give a damn about me
having an orgasm! You don't go down on me until after you've shot your load! How
dumb do you think I am? You love getting between my legs and sucking your cum
out of my cunt, don't you, you queer mother fucker?"

I just sat there stunned at her language and temper.

" Admit it! You don't go give a shit about satisfying me, you just want to get
down there and gobble your cum!" She uncrossed her legs and leaned across the
table, her eyes filled with rage, teeth clenched, she put her right index finger
in my face and in a cold hard, soft spoken tone added: "That's what this shit is
all about, isn't it. You don't give a damn if I cum! You're fantasizing that
your eating some other guys cum out of my cunt and I'm making you do it, aren't
you? You're a masochistic, cum sucking Queer! Admit it Brian, you're a Faggot!"

I tried to swallow, but I couldn't. I felt tears welling up in my eyes as the
blood drained from my face. "That's, that's what my mother used to call me." I
heard myself say words I didn't think I would ever say to another living soul.

"Your mother called you a queer?" She took a long drag on her cigarette and blew
a long stream of smoke in my face. "Well, mommies always know their little boys,
don't they."

"When I, when I, you know, played with myself. She used to beat for doing it."

"Beat you? Awe, your mommy beat her little boy for playing with his pee-pee! And
I bet you liked it when mommy hurt your pee-pee didn't you?"

"No! Err, Yeah. She'd, well, call me a queer and a faggot and she'd, she'd spank
my testicles with a ruler! It..it was kind of...weird and...exciting."

Another evil smile crossed her lips as she leaned back in her chair, took a sip
of her wine and in a much more quite, but still accusing tone, she spoke as a
knowledgeable smile cut across her lips.  She pointed her index finger at me as
she spoke. "And you're still mommies bad little boy, aren't you? You want to
have your balls and your pee-pee spanked!"

I nodded yes. "I guess so,  sometimes I think about it."

"Sometimes, Shit! I can see by this you want it and you want it bad!" She was
pointing to the magazine. "Tell me what else your loving mommy use to do to
you!"

"When she got mad at me and was going to spank me,  she would put on a pair of
these bright yellow rubber gloves she used for cleaning the toilets! She said I
was repulsive and she couldn't stand to touch me!"

Mattie laughed! "Sounds like a good idea! You must have been a very bad boy?"

"No, I don't think so, but she hated it when she found sperm in my shorts or on
the bed sheets, even when it was a wet dream that I couldn't control!"

 Mattie chuckled, took a long drag and blew a stream of smoke into the air as
she spoke. "Tell me Brian, after I left you in the bathroom, you licked that
shit off the bathroom floor before you came in here didn't you? Just like a
mommies little queer, you ate your cum! Be honest, did you get down and lick it
off the floor with your tongue or did you wipe it up with your finger and suck
it off like your finger was a cock?"

I felt myself grow flush! Shit, how would she know? The lump in my throat made
swallowing impossible, let alone responding to her.

"Yes, that's it, isn't it!" She laughed and took another sip of her wine, never
taking her eyes off me. Setting the glass down she continued. "You wiped it up
with your finger and sucked it like it was some faggot cock! Don't lie to me! I
can see it in your face! My husband, the man I married over eight years ago, is
a porn reading, cum sucking, masochistic homo! That's just about right, isn't it
faggot?"

I was so embarrassed I couldn't look at her. I simply nodded my head yes. "I, I
licked it off my finger!"

She laughed hysterically! "I knew it! What did you think? Did you think you were
sucking some guys cock?"

"No! I mean. I don't know, I just, I just like it! I know it's perverted, but I
imagine that you are making me do it and it's, it's kind of exciting!"

"Jesus! I married a fucking queer! Brian, how could you do this to me? I let you
fuck me even though I hated you being inside of me! I spread my legs for you,
like a good and loving wife! Even though I wanted to vomit every time you put
your insignificant little cock inside me, and this is the thanks I get? Jesus, I
risked pregnancy with you by letting you fuck me and leave that filthy cum
inside me! Then, what do you do?  You run into the john and jack-off wishing
some dominatrix was beating you and forcing you to suck cock!" 

She took another sip and swished the wine in the glass. As we watched the yellow
liquid it was obvious her mind was working. She spoke in a cool tone, not taking
her eyes off the wine. "You are so fucking pathetic!" She turned and looked me
straight in the eye. "You want to be punished Brian?" An evil grin covered her
lips. "I'm going to punish you! You say you're never going to masturbate again?
Tell you what, I'm going to make damn sure you don't!" She took a deep drag on
her cigarette and blew the smoke at me. "I'll make you a promise Brian. I
promise that you won't ever masturbate again! I promise you, you will never
stick that shriveled up piece of dead meat between your legs inside me again! I
could divorce you, but I'm not. Not yet. You want to know why?"

"Yes."

" Because I'm going to pay you back for all those fucking years of deception!
I'm going to pay you back for every agonizing moment I spent playing the good
wife and letting you fuck me, you queer son-of-a-bitch!" She gave me the finger
and then threw the remainder of her wine in my face! Standing she looked down at
me, again giving me the finger, but right in my face. "See this Brian? Fuck you!
Fuck you! Fuck you!  Go to hell you son-of-a-bitch!"

Pausing a moment, she was breathing heavy, teeth clenched in anger, she began to
nod her head up and down when she finally spoke:  "Yes Brian, things are going
to change around here, I'm going to make damn  sure of that! Things are going to
fucking change!"

As she spoke, I felt my face grow flush! Jesus, I had never seen her so angry.
So intense! She called me a queer! A faggot! The accusation rang in my ears! She
said she'd make sure I never masturbated again! Oh God I needed to masturbate!
We'd never make love again! Oh Christ, what was she going to do? She was
treating me like, like, like a slave. Like I had dreamed. I was frightened, but
excited!. Could it be that my tender loving wife of eight years was turning out
to be the cruel dominatrix I had dreamed of all my life?

My mind was racing and my cock was burning with desire, but it wasn't getting
hard! I reached to my groin, but my cock was still only a wrinkled,
insignificant piss outlet! It was weird! I felt so impotent, so subservient! As
she scolded and accused me she was so seemed so cruel and exciting! I was truly
scared of her! No, more than scared,  I was terrified! Her eyes were filled with
more than anger, more than distain! They were filled with, yes I saw it, hate!
Her eyes were filled with real hate for me! God, how I wanted to reach inside my
slacks and grab my cock and masturbate, but I knew I would not be able to get an
erection! I found her hate so incredibly erotic, so exciting! I could feel the
flow of pre-cum leaking profusely out of my piss hole, staining my shorts, as my
groin muscles contracted and spasm. I had no doubt that Mattie would keep her
promise and that I would never again know the pleasure of an orgasm! Oh God,
what had I gotten myself into? I needed orgasms! For thirty-three years my
fantasies and my orgasms were my only source of real sexual pleasure!

I know this is bizarre and I don't know if anyone can understand this, but I was
so hot, so aroused and excited and yet so scared, I knew, no matter how hard I
tried, I wouldn't get a hard-on! Men get erections when they are aroused. I knew
I was no longer a man!  I wanted to surrender my manhood to her and to submit to
my enraged beautiful wife!  I could feel more of the pre-cum continuing to flow
profusely from my piss hole! I knew that seed flowing from my testicles at that
moment was as sterile and impotent as any man had ever produce! Tears cascaded
down my cheeks. I was worthless as a man!  My cock was merely a shriveled piece
of lifeless meat between my legs, which would never again be able to produce
life, let alone make a woman happy!

As she spoke and made her promises, we both knew that as far as she was
concerned, I was no longer her husband! To her I wasn't even a man! I don't
think either one of us knew where it would all lead, but we both knew my
emasculation had begun and it wouldn't end until she had seen to it that every
aspect of my manhood was destroyed!  I knew it, and as crazy as it sounds, God
forgive me, I welcomed it! It was so fucking humiliating and exciting!

The feelings I was experiencing, were the feelings of my fantasy life:
incompetence, impotence, servitude, domination and humiliation! Masochistic
dreams I had sought since I was a child! To serve a beautiful woman, to love her
even if she hated me, to never dare to contradict her, to endure her wrath, to
never be able to enjoy an orgasm without her permission, to surrender to her my
manhood and humanity and submit to total, irrevocable emasculation, ridicule and
humiliation! I prayed my assessment was correct, then again, that it wasn't! 

Oh God how I wanted to feel forever the stream of seedless, impotent molten
river of sperm that was boiling and searing the inside my urethra at that
moment! A hot flow of lava that was scorching my piss hole as it entered the
short tunnel of my shriveled up cock, dripping out of my insignificant cock,
staining my underpants like the child who so offended my mother! My tears
continued as I wiped my eyes and face with my shirt sleeve.

Mattie chuckled a malicious chuckle as she pointed to my crotch. Cum had leaked
through my shorts and was seeping through my slacks! One large wet dot of sperm
appeared next to my zipper! "We're going to stop that too!" She said as she
crushed out her cigarette and rose from the table, tapping my cheek. "Even if we
have to cut the damn thing off!"

She pushed the magazine towards me, open to the section in the back with
advertisements. "I want to get you one of these." She said, pointing at a metal
cock restraint. "They sell those where you buy these fuck magazines?"

I stared at the ad. I had often wondered what it would be like to be locked into
one of those things.

"Well?" She added.

"Yeah, I, I think so! I'm not sure."

"Get the car, we're going for a ride."

Obediently I went to the car and pulled it out of the garage and waited for her.
She came out with a fresh cigarette and opened the driver's door. "Get out you
incompetent shit! You ride, I drive."

"Yes Mam." I responded as I got out and went to the passenger side of the car.

Hardly any words were shared during most of the ride. I directed her to the
adult store in a seedy part of town. As we got close I said: "Turn left at the
next corner Honey."

Mattie let out a deep sigh of disgust and pulled over to the curb, putting the
car in park. Turning to me she said. "You know Brian, after this morning, I
would prefer that you not use any of those sick fucking endearing term like
Honey or Dear when addressing me."

"No?" I responded.

"Honey, Dear, Sweetheart, all that condescending, sugar coated, chauvinistic
bullshit makes me sound so much like the loyal subservient wife." She turned off
the car engine. "I'm going to be totally honest with you."

"Okay."

"I kind of got turned on catching you masturbating this morning and seeing you
on your knees begging forgiveness and punishment. I actually got wet!"

"Really?"

"Yes, really. And looking at those pictures and hearing your pathetic whining
actually provoked an orgasm. One like I've never had before. I think I'm really
going to enjoy being in charge, being what you call the dom in this family."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. And if I am going to be the dominant member of this relationship, I'm
going to set down some guidelines."

"Oh, okay." I could feel the beads of sweat forming on my temples and beginning
to cut a path down the side of my face. I wanted to hear her demands and hoped
they were like those I had dreamed of during my masturbatory fantasies, but at
the same time, my mouth was dry and nervous butterflies were churning in my
stomach.

"First, I don't want you to ever again use those condescending terms when
referring to me or addressing me, ever again!"

I gulped. "Okay."

"It is too much like referring to me as your wife and people will assume we
have, you know, a typical husband / wife relationship. I came to the full
realization this morning that I do not love you! I want to make that clear. I
don't love you and I don't give a shit what happens to you and consequently, I
don't want to convey to anyone else that I share any emotions with you other
than disgust, revulsion and hate! Clear/"

I couldn't answer for the sand that clogged my throat, but I did nod acceptance.

"Therefore,  you will never again refer to me as your wife. We may be legally
married, but as far as you and I are concerned, and any friends I care to
include, we are two people who just happen to share the same house."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "Well, what...what should I call you?"

"Well, when we got into the car you called me Mam, I liked that. Shows respect.
From now on all I ever want from you is obedience and respect. Got that?"

"Yes...Mam! Yes Mam!"

"I think after this morning's revelations, I think I deserve more respect and a
hell of a lot more obedience. In that magazine many of those women were referred
to as Mistress's, I like that too. You may call me Mam or Mistress!"

I swallowed the lump in my throat and responded: "Yes Mam."

"Let me hear you say, Yes Mistress."

I felt my voice crack, "Yes Mistress!"

A smile crossed her face, as we both knew I just lost another piece of my
manhood! "Yes, I like that. Shows respect. You respect me, don't you Brian?"

"Yes Mistress! I respect you and I will obey you Mistress!" I was trying to
impress her with my words and I think I did as she threw me a glance and a
smile. My groin muscles contracted and I felt wet sperm dampening my shorts.

"Another thing, I think that as your Mistress I believe I should have more
control over your life.'

"Okay."

"While we are downtown we are going to stop by Katz's office and have him put
everything in my name. The house, the cars, the boat and have him work with your
broker to put all the stocks in my name."

"But why? You know whatever I have is yours."

She smiled like a mother to a child and I felt incredibly small and
insignificant. "The point is darling, as I see it, I'm going to be in charge of
this relationship. I can't trust you. You've cheated on me with imaginary
lovers, you've lied to me.  No, I think it is best if everything is in my name."

The lump in my throat was there again. "I..I guess."

"Good. We are also going to stop by the bank and change our savings and checking
accounts over to just my name. You agree that that is best if I am going to
effectively take control of this relationship."

"Mattie..."

"Mattie?" Her face grew taunt and her eyes narrowed.

"Mistress. MISTRESS!" I responded. "I'm sorry, I forgot. What your saying is
that I'm not going to have anything?"

She chuckled. "You're not very bright, but you got that right. If I am in
control, I have everything and you have nothing, you are nothing! You are what I
say you are and you do whatever I tell you to do. Brian, let me make this so
clear that even you can understand it. I am going to take everything you have
away from you. Not just your money and property, I intend to destroy you as a
human being. I meant it when I said you will never again enjoy the pleasure of
an orgasm, let alone have an opportunity to make love to me."

"Mistress?"

"Yes?"

"I know this is crazy and maybe it sounds stupid, but I find this very exciting!
I think I'm...I think I'm going to like surrendering everything to you. When
you, you know, caught me and got angry at me, I was so...so excited I was
leaking, but I couldn't. .I couldn't get hard!" I forced a weak pathetic
chuckle. "I felt so, so impotent!"

She smiled and tapped me on the cheek. "Brian, I don't give a shit if you like
it or not, the point is this is the way it is going to be!"

Swallowing and nodding affirmatively I responded. "I understand, but I still
liked feeling. It was exciting knowing you were so angry at me for being so
naughty."

"To be honest," She affirmed. "so do I. I won't admit a lot of my feelings to
you, but I will tell you that just having this little conversation has made me
very hot! I've actually wet my panties! Too bad you're not a man Brina.  Damn, I
wish I had a real man to help satisfy me, but that will come, that will come!"

She started the car and we turned left. When we arrived, I directed her to the
parking lot in the rear, because I told her there were always spaces available.
Her smile acknowledged that I had betrayed myself as a regular at this store.

As she killed the ignition she sat for a moment with her hands on the steering
wheel. "Another thing. I don't think you and I should sleep together any more."

"No?"

"No. The thought of sharing a bed with you is, quite honestly, repulsive to me!
Besides,  I plan on having some real men come over, maybe some women, and you
would just be in the way and, it just wouldn't be right after all your lying and
deception to allow you to share my bed."

"You're really going to sleep with other men...and women?"

"Of course! I'm a young, sexually active woman! And, how else do you think
you're going to be able to eat another man's cum out of me?"

"But, we're still married!"

"Only in the eyes of others! As far as we're concerned, and you can correct me
if I'm wrong, I'm the Mistress and you are nothing more than a submissive or
shall I say, sexual slave. That doesn't make for much of a marriage, does it?"

"No, I guess not, but..."

"No buts. Brian,  I'm making some difficult decisions and I don't need you to
contradict me or question me. Jesus, I hope you're not going to make a habit of
questioning my every decision, or I'll have to get a little more firm with you."

"No. I don't mean to...it's just, well, where? I mean one of the other bedrooms
is the office and you use the other bedroom as a dressing room. I guess I could
sleep on the couch, I mean, if I wouldn't be in the way!"

"Well, you would be in the way and I don't want you soiling the material on the
couch." She nodded as if she had found the most appropriate place. "The
basement. Yes! We can get an old roll away cot from Goodwill and you can sleep
down in the old fruit cellar. What do you think? Good idea, huh?"

Again my sphincter muscles contracted and I felt my cock leak pre-cum as I was
filled with sexual humiliation and rejection. "If you say so Mistress, but
there's no light in that room and no heat. Maybe somewhere else in the cellar?"

"No. No, I think the fruit cellar is perfect. Of course if you won't cooperate
I'll get a padlock and make sure you stay in there. That would take temptation
away, and I don't want to tempt you to wander around at night and I certainly
don't want you upstairs!" She smiled that evil smile I had seen several times
this morning. "Brian, you are no longer welcomed upstairs with normal human
beings, because I don't like you and I don't think of you as a human being any
more, understand?"

"Yes.Yes, I understand, it'll be fine. Yeah, it'll work. I'll stay down there on
my own."

"Good! At least we can try it that way, otherwise I'll get the padlock!" Issue
resolved she smiled, tapped me on the thigh and opened the car door. "Now, lets
go look at some dirty magazines and get you one of those restraints for your
little pee-pee!"

We entered the back entrance, down a narrow hall to where Rose, the heavy set
proprietor,  in her mid to late forties, sat behind the counter on the elevated
cashiers station, was reading one of her magazines, smoking a cigarette. She was
dressed in a print dress that looked like it hadn't been washed in weeks. A
small black and white TV with a faded picture was tuned to a soap opera. I
didn't know if Rose was her real name but she had a faded rose tattoo on her
left arm, and that was how everyone referred to her.

"Hello Brian! I was just thinking about you. Got a couple of your favorites in!"
She then noticed Mattie. "Sorry Miss, Buck to brose or you with Brian?"

I was ready to introduce Mattie as my wife, but as I turned towards her I saw
the smile on her face waiting for what I was going to say. "OH, this is my
wi..."  My voice was quivering as I corrected myself. "Rose, this is my...Mis...
My Mistress! Mistress Mattie."

"Well, I never would have guessed Brian had such a beautiful, young wife, sorry.
Name's Rose." She reached out her hand to shake Mattie's.

Mattie took her hand and shook it as she chuckled. "Well, I actually was his
wife, up until a little while ago, but things have changed." Turning towards me.
"Haven't they Brian?"

"Yes Mam." I responded.

"Oh?" Rose responded a smile crossing her face revealing her yellowish,
cigarette stained teeth.

"Yes." Mattie continued. "I didn't realize Brian was so fond of this kind of
thing until today." She chuckled. Then leaning towards Rose, as if what she was
going to say in the empty store was confidential:  "Interrupted him  playing
with himself looking at one of your magazines! I guess he's into this, how do
you say, S and M stuff! Kind of changes everything at the homestead!"

"Oh yes!" Rose laughed. He's a good customer and a big fan of our
sado-masochistic material, but he also likes some of our other material, don't
you Brian?"

I nodded yes. "Yeah."

"I'm not surprised." Mattie responded. "Anyway, we decided that maybe he needed,
shall we say, a stronger hand at home and I was hoping you could help us."

Casting shame on me, Rose responded. "Brian, you, a grown man, playing with
yourself when you got a beautiful woman like this at home? Shame on you!" Adding
with a twinkle in her eye. "You need any help training him right, you just give
Rose a call, I'd love to help!" Rubbing her crotch through her dress she added.
"Kind of turns me on to make a good looking boy cry, if you know what I mean!"
She chuckled and licked her lips.

"I do and thank you!" Mattie responded with a mischievous smile. "We came here
for several things, but first, maybe you could show me some of the types of
magazines Brian likes. Naughty boy only showed me one of his."

"Sure! But hell, he knows where they are. Why don't you show her Brian. Let's
see, he likes all the S and M stuff, sado-masochism with dominant women." She
paused to think.
"Oh Yeah, one of his real favorites, the Cream Pies. Save him a copy whenever
they come in. Hell, I got one right behind the counter for him now."

"Cream Pies?" Mattie asked.

Rose laughed! "Show her Brian. Some men get off on the those things! Magazines
with pictures of women who have just been laid, you know, got the cum dripping
out of their rectums and vaginas. It's mostly the submissive men and closet
queers! Always thought Brian was in the closet, huh, never guessed he had a
beautiful lady at home!" She continued to laugh and I knew she was laughing at
me! "I think Brian likes to imagine wives like you being screwed by some
handsome fella with a big cock and then they are forced to lick the guys cum out
of their cracks!" She laughed. " You a sub or a closet queer, or both Brian? I'm
betting your both!"

Mattie smiled and patted me on the rear end. "Yes, we think Brian's has a taste
for both, don't we sweetie?"

 I felt myself being more and more emasculated. Mattie now had a compatriot to
join her in ridiculing me. I remained silent until Mattie's hand slapped my ass!
"Brian?"

"Yes! Yes, Mistress! I mean, maybe I am. I don't know, I think it's just
fantasy, that's all!"

Rose chuckled. "Looks like you gonna have some real fun with this boy! I meant
what I said, you need a hand, I'd love to help."

"What else? Any other magazines my little pervert likes? How about queers? He
buy any of those queer magazines?"

"Sure, Brian's one of my best customers! Although he's not much for those young
ones. Brian likes the Bears! Yeah, he like those big rough grizzly Bears! I
think he's bought everyone I've ever stocked, right Brian? There right over
there in the corner!"

"Bears?" Mattie questioned.

"Big, muscular strong men with lots of hair on their bodies! Doesn't matter much
if they got bid dicks like the young studs. He just likes them hairy and
muscular! Rough guys!" She chuckled again.  "You like them, right Brian?"

I nodded affirmatively. "Yes."

"How did you answer her?" Mattie put her hand on my shoulder. "I'm not the only
woman you will treat with respect. Now when you talk to or respond to Rose here,
what do you say?"

I looked up at the fat ragged woman. A cigarette dangling from her lips and the
dirt of several days filling the cracks of her face, and bowed my head slightly.
"Sorry Mam. Yes, Mam. I buy a lot of them, Mam."

"He's has a lot to learn." Mattie said apologetically.

"I thought so." Rose continued. "Let's see, Brian also buys a few transsexual
oriented magazines a month, which obviously appeal to gay boys. He likes the
transsexual and transvestite material. You know, chicks with dicks or boys with
boobs! Lot of closet queers fantasize that they aren't really sucking off a guy,
if the guy has boobs, long hair and wears make-up! Got to admit, some of those
sissies make mighty pretty girls!"

"I think we've answered the question about you being queer, haven't we Brian?"
Mattie said cupping my face in her hands and tapping me with one hand on the
cheek. "You like those boy/girls huh? And you like those rough, hairy men too?
And you're telling me it's just fantasy?"

"I've never been with a man!  It think it's just fantasy, honest." I said. My
voice was still shaking and I found it difficult to look at the two women.

"You think? You jack-off over hairy queers and pussy oozing cum and you think
it's just part of some weird ass fantasy?" Mattie and Rose broke into raucous
laughter!

"Brian, I knew you were gay first time you came in here and unless you're more
stupid then you look, you knew it too. Shit that's why I was so surprised when
you came in here with a beautiful woman!" Rose spoke to me and then turned to
Mattie. "Well, look it here, in all the excitement I forgot to give you Brian's
copies of the most recent issues of Cream Pies and Bears are right here under
the counter." She pulled out two thick magazines, filled with four colored
pictures, out from under the counter as the phone rang. Chuckling she said.
"Take a look at what your hubby reads and I'll get this call." She slid the
magazines over to Mattie.

Mattie took the magazines and began to leaf through them. She opened Cream Pies
first, studying each page as she flipped through, chuckling from time to time.
Pointing out ones loaded with cum and asking me if I'd like to eat that pussy.
"You like this one?" She would ask as she found pussies over flowing with cum.
"Yummy! I bet you'd love to suck all that cum out of me, wouldn't you?"

I remained silent but nodded yes when she asked me such a question. Then
stopping at one page she made a somewhat startling sigh. "Oh Brian, what is
this? Is that shit?"

It was the picture of a woman's rectum covered with little balls of shit mixed
with a load of cum! It was a light brown glob of cum running from her rectum
down into her pussy!

My voice cracked like a teenagers when I answered. "It's, it's what they call a
chocolate, a chocolate cream pie. It's his cum and her shit mixed together."

"Chocolate pie. Humm!" She rubbed her hand across her groin. "Now that makes me
hot! If you like that, why didn't you ever ask me for some! Oh, I'd be happy to
serve you some of that!"

Stupidly clarifying my answer: "When it's mixed with cum it's called a chocolate
cream pie and when it's only cum it's a vanilla pie." I tried to explain with a
degree of knowledge. "But when it's just her shit it's a chocolate pie." As I
spoke I knew having this knowledge only made me sound like more of a pervert.

"You mean you wipe a woman's ass with your tongue and you call that eating a
pie? I really am disappointed you never offered to eat my chocolate pie?" She
gave me a teasing elbow jab in my ribs. Whispering as she continued: "Of course
I haven't had it mixed with any of your vanilla, so I could only offer you  pure
dark chocolate!"

I forced a weak smile. "I, I never thought..."

"You got that right Brian, you don't think and that's why, like I said in the
car, from now on you leave the thinking to me."

"Yes Mam."

"After we get that, what did you call it?"

"Ah, cockhold,or a penis restraint."

"Yes," She kissed me on my cheek.  "After we get you into your new cock hold,
tonight I'm going to reward you with some dark chocolate pie! Would you like
that?"

My head was shaking nervously in the affirmative. "Yes, if you'd like it. I'll
do anything you want Hon...I mean Mistress!"

"Oh it will be so much fun! God Brian, I'm getting all wet just thinking about
it!" She rubbed her crotch vigorously.  "Your tongue will be my toilet paper and
you'll clean me out real good won't you?"

I was breathing heavy and was afraid I couldn't catch my breath. I grabbed the
counter because I didn't think my legs would hold me up! God she was enjoying
this more than I could have ever anticipated!

She smiled as she ran her fingers around my lips.  "I'll take a good poop and
then I'll forget the toilet paper and give you some delicious chocolate pie! Hum
yummy! Oh, that will be so much fun!"  She giggled like a school girl.

"Mistress?"

"Yes?"

"I know this sounds depraved, but there are different ways to serve that kind of
pie."  I asked myself why I was pursuing this degrading, dehumanizing act, but I
was excited and I wanted to take myself deeper into my own emasculation. My hand
found my groin and I began to massage the outside of my slacks.

"Tch! Tch! Tch! That's a no, no! Now what were you going to say?"

"Well, chocolate pies can be served like this, or, what they call fresh from the
over, where you eat the whole pie when it comes out of the rectum or, sometimes
it is serve as a whole pie on a plate and you wash it down with your Mistress'
pee."

"Ohhhhhh! Fresh from the oven, huh? You keep giving me good ideas like that and
this is going to be a lot of fun!  But remember, I'm the one who is going to
have fun! Remember your promise? You don't play with that thing anymore!" She
said as she brushed my hand away from my cock. "But it is nice to know that the
idea of eating my shit, err, my chocolate pies excite you!"

She continued to point out several other pictures telling me how exciting it
would be to have a real man make love to her while I watch and then after he
dumps as much cum as there was in the photo she would watch me suck his cock
clean and let me lick his cum out of her pussy!

She kept massaging herself as she looked at the pictures till she reached the
end of the magazine. "Oh God this is so much fun! I'm going to cum all over the
floor, it's so exciting!" Then pushing that magazine aside she opened the latest
issue of the Bears magazine. "Let's see some of these hairy queers that turn you
on!"  As she looked at the pictures she chuckled. "Oh they are hairy, but so
many of them are fat and have little dicks like you! Oh, look at this one, I
would love to see this monster fucking your face!" She gave me a playful jab in
the ribs as she added: "I bet you'd love to eat one of his chocolate pies,
wouldn't you?" She chuckled as I blushed and looked away embarrassed at the
suggestion.

"Show me some of the Bears that you like. Go ahead. Hell, it doesn't make any
difference, I know deep down you want to suck some of these guys, show me which
ones you think are sexy." She ran her fingers threw my hair and tussled my hair
as if I was a school boy showing her my homework.

I spotted some handsome muscular men, with hair all over there bodies and
pointed them out to her, but tears of embarrassment were running down my face.
"This one." I said as I pointed to an extremely mean looking bald headed man
wearing strips of leather across his hairy chest, abdomen, arms and legs. He had
an incredibly thick concentration of hair covering his groin and a huge
erection!

"Oh. And what makes him so attractive, honestly?"

"He looks so mean! I could just see the two of you beating me and fucking me! He
looks like he would really like to hurt me up if I didn't obey him!" My voice
was cracking and it sounded a octave higher than normal.

"I bet he would." Mattie said with a smile on her lips. "You like to think about
rugged rough, mean men beating you and humiliating you?'

I nodded and in a whispering voice responded. "Yes. Look at his cock! It's so
big! It's not like mine, it's so hard and so beautiful! You can see the veins
popping out! I fantasize that you are laughing and masturbating as he beats me
up, fucks my tight rectum with that beautiful cock!"

"Oh yes, you wimp ass faggot! I love it! What else? Tell me what else we do to
you?"

I couldn't look at her as I spoke. I looked down and the picture and my
imagination brought this burly monster to life as I spoke in a weak, crackling
voice.  "You...You're wearing really high heeled shoes with real sharp pointed
toes, with sharp tacks in the soles and you crush me cock and  kick me in the
testicles! The blood and cum are squirting out of my piss hole while you suck
his cock and drink his cum and the two of you laugh at me.  And then...And then
you make me beg the two of you to have sex in front of me! When he's fucking you
tell him how wonderful it is to have a real man and how sorry you are that you
married me, that I'm such a lousy lover and that you hate me and despise me!
Then, then when you're finished fucking, the two of you shit in my mouth and you
wash my face by pissing on it!"

"Oh Christ! Just hearing you say it gave me an orgasm! Oh God that was good! Oh,
we're going to find some men like him Bri! We're going to do all of those
things!"

"And then...and then..."

"Yes? There's more?"

"And then the two of you talk about how you'd be better off without me and you
let me masturbate while you talk about different ways to torture me to death!
You plan a Death Party where all of my old friends and family come over and
congratulate you for finally being free of me. I'm on a bar-b-que spit with the
spit shoved up my ass and two Bears turn me over the fire so that I cook evenly,
but you're cooking as food for rats and dogs. Everyone prolongs my death by
pissing and spitting on me!"

"Ohhhhhhhh! Oh Christ! Oh shit that was good!" She grabbed hold of the counter,
closed her eyes, rubbed her groin and I could tell she was having an orgasm! As
she relaxed, her eyes still closed she said. "Tell me Bri, tell me what you
imagine we do to you."

"Oh please Mistress, may I please touch myself, please!"

"No, no, you promised! You promised me! Now tell me. Tell me how we kill you!"

I pressed my groin against the counter trying to achieve some level of
gratification, even though my cock was still a shrivel piece of meat, it was so
hot, so lusting for my hand to caress it and pump it!  "You talk about cutting
off my nuts and watching me bleed to death, you talk about covering my testicles
with smelly rotten cheese and tying me up in cage in the cellar and watch as
rats eat my cock and my balls, you talk about sticking a bar-b-que spit up my
rectum until it comes out my mouth and roasting me alive!"

"God damit Brian, how in the hell did you keep all this shit from me all these
years? Oh shit, we've got so much to make up for!"

As I spoke the muscles in my groin were betraying me as they were contracting
and releasing and I knew I was leaking cum. I feared it was once again soaking
through my slacks but I didn't dare take a look.

As Mattie regained her composure she resumed looking at the pictures. When she
came to the picture of a real handsome guy. He was really muscular, covered with
hair and had a huge cock! Her hand caressed my ass as she examined the picture.
As she remained on the picture she began to speak and as she did her fingers
moved to the crack of my ass and she began to stroke it probing with her
fingers!

"Oh Brian, look at this one! Can you imagine what it would be like to have him
make love to me, and then you would get to suck his cock and testicles clean and
then lick his cum out of my cunt, or maybe even my rectum? Oh, I bet he would
help me create a real delicious milk chocolate pie just for you!  Oh my God,
wouldn't that be fun? Look, he's got his e-mail address below his picture! We
could write him and invite him over!"

"They all do." I responded without thinking. I had to admit, if I was looking at
the magazine in private I would have spent several minutes on this handsome
specimen. Guilt swept through me as I clenched my sphincter muscles, squeezing
droplets of cum out of the piss hole of my flaccid cock!

"They all do...oh yes, I see. They all have post office boxes or e-mail
addresses so we can contact them. And, they all seem to live in the Midwest."

"It's the Midwest edition." I added.

"Oh yes it is. So, I suppose  you have contemplated contacting these men.?"

"No, well yes, I thought of it,  it's just, it's just that I wanted to know if I
knew any of them."

"Sure you did." She slapped my face! "What do you think I am, stupid?"

"No! I'm sorry. I have...I have written some of them e-mails just to see if they
would respond."

"Well, did they?"

"Only for a price. It's expensive and I never paid because I would have had to
use a credit card and I knew you would find out."

She broke out in laugher! Cupping my face she said, "We can afford it. Now that
I'm taking over all of the finances, I'll make sure we can afford to bring in
this fella or any of the others to fuck you up real good! Oh yes, I'm looking
forward to it!"

"Sorry about that." Rose said returning to us following her phone call.

"Oh, no problem, I've been learning quite a bit. Interesting magazines my little
Brian is addicted to. We'll take them and ah, one of everything that Brian
doesn't have yet. I've got some real studying to do if I am going to be a good
Mistress, right Bri?" She chuckled as she stroked the back of my head.

"I'm sure you'll do fine!" Rose responded. "What do you think Brian?"

Not knowing how I should respond I looked at each woman and nodded. "Yes! Yes!
My Mistress will be wonderful!"

I could see in her eyes that Mattie had an idea. She turn me so that I was
looking directly into her eyes. "Brian. It's obvious that you're a real closet
queer. Well, it is time to officially come out of the closet. I want you to look
into my eyes, right here in front of Rose, and say,  Mistress Mattie I confess
to you, I am a queer and a masochist and I want you to hurt me and punish me
really bad for deceiving you all these years."

My eyes darted back and forth between the two women.

"Me. Look at me. You are confessing and begging me. Rose is our witness!"

I swallowed another lump. "Mistress Mattie...Oh God!..." I was biting my lip so
hard I could taste blood. "I...I am..I am a queer! Yes Mistress...I am...I know
I'm...a.. I'm a queer! I am! I'm a fucking queer! I'm a queer and... and a
mas...masochist and I need you to punish me really bad...and..AND...I need you
to hurt me! Make me suffer! Oh Mattie, I need you to punish me and hurt me for
lying and cheating on you...err deceiving you!  I read all these filthy
magazines and played with myself and I never told you... for all these years.
I...I've cheated on you and lied to you and I'm sorry! I'm so, so sorry! Please
Mam, punish me really, really bad! I'll do anything! Anything you want, anything
you say, Anything!" I fell to my knees in front of her! I was sobbing like a
baby! "Oh God, I am a mother fucking queer!" I embraced her legs like they were
a life preserver!

"Not quite perfect, but good, very good! You agree Rose?"

She chuckled. "That's a first in this shop! Damn if I didn't squeeze off a small
orgasm listening you two! Thank you Brian! Whew! Thank you a whole lot! Damn
that felt good! I could use a whole lot of those!" She resumed chuckling. "Wish
I could be there and take part in all the fun you are going to enjoy Ms.
Mattie."

"Well..." Mattie was coming up with another idea. She thought for a moment. "You
got a comfortable chair back there behind that counter?"

"Sure, right back here at my desk."

"Comfortable, so you can relax?"

"Leans back and swivels. Comfortable enough for me."

"Well, how would you like to have Brian clean some of that orgasm up for you?"

"Now?"

"Here and now! You've been such a great help so far I think it is only fair that
Brian say thank you in a way that a lady like you might enjoy!"

"Shit! You're bullshitting me!"

Mattie shook me loose from her legs and went over to the counter. "No Rose, I
would never BS another woman, especially when it comes to having this asshole
give you some pleasure. If you like we can lock the front door, or if there's a
back room, I'll tend the counter while he tends to you. How about it?"

"Well, I'll tell you Ms. Mattie. I ain't one to bathe everyday, so I might not
have the sweetest smelling pussy down there. Matter of fact, it's probably real
ripe!"

Mattie laughed. "Hell, that makes it all the better, doesn't it. I've got a
crotch cleaner right here, just begging to eat some pussy! I didn't hear
anything that said only clean pussy and shit holes, did you?"

Rose laughed nervously. "No, I guess I didn't. It is a little embarrassing for
me though. Can you understand that?"

"Of course I can, but there's just the three of us. He'll do whatever I tell him
to do, you would love a good oral orgasm and damn if I don't want to see this
queer mother fucker go down on you and give you some real pleasure!"

A broad smile cut across the chubby cheeked fat woman. "Thank you Mattie. Thank
you and bless you for thinking of a fat old lady who ain't had a good lickin'
for a long, long time! Let me lock the front door and the three of us will have
a little fun!"

As Rose went to lock the doors Mattie came over to me and told me to undress.
She said a woman who has not had oral sex for a long time deserved to see all of
the man, even if he wasn't much of a man, who she was allowing to kiss and clean
her most private parts. I was so nervous, anxious and scared. I was excited at
what Mattie was ordering me to do and knowing that Rose was fat, smelly and a
repulsive looking woman made the act all the more disgustingly erotic!
Especially since we were doing it right there in the store! I was sweating and
shaking as I shed my clothes.

Rose returned and I was standing in front of the counter where she worked.

"Get down on your knees and ask this lovely lady for permission to clean her
vagina and promise to give her an orgasm, if she accepts you."

I felt so foolish kneeling naked before this fat, ugly woman, but I knew I
wanted to experience the humiliation. I forced a smile: "Rose, Mistress Rose,
may I please have permission to use my tongue to clean your beautiful vagina and
give you the orgasm you desire?"

"Oh my God!" Rose exclaimed. "Pretty boy, get your ass up on that platform cause
Momma Rose gonna fuck your pretty face!"

Mattie was beaming as I rose and followed both women up on the elevated
cashiering counter.

Rose plopped down in the old metal swivel chair and hiked her dress up.
Realizing it wasn't up high enough she rose up, and pulled it above her hips
exposing her fat, cellulite riddled thighs, covered with red pimples and open
sores!  I thought that this wouldn't be too bad until she stuck her hands
between her thighs and separated her legs so I could see her small patch of
pubic hair also bearing numerous pimples and sores, but the stench was
unbelievable! She obviously noticed my reaction.

"I'm sorry, we don't have to do this. As I said, it's hard for me to clean down
there and I haven't had a bath in about a week, maybe more, so I understand.
Stinks don't it?"

Mattie was quick to slap my face incredibly hard! "Apologize to the lady, you
snobbish son-of-a-bitch!" I fell backwards on the floor! "Now you get your ass
back up here and you take care of this poor woman. You apologize and then you
clean her like she's the queen of England or I'll cut your fucking throat right
here, right now! You got that?"

"Yes! Yes Mam. I..I'm sorry Madame Rose. I didn't mean to be rude. It's an honor
to service you! Honest! An honor! Please forgive me."

I climbed back on my knees and as she parted her legs again, I had to push aside
her grossly fat upper thighs exposing one of the most repulsive sights I had
ever seen. The closer I got the worse the stench! Dried piss and little chunks
of old stained toilet paper were matted down in cracks of her groin with sweat
and caked on layers of what at one time was sweet smelling baby powder! It was
now sour and a piss stained yellow in color! Her pubic hair was matted and puss
oozed out of several of the sores which heightened the rank odor of her groin.
Her vulva consisted of two long folds of dead skin that were a blackish-brown
color and it was obvious she hadn't unfolded them from the entrance to her
vagina and urethra for some time. I reached up with a finger from each hand, as
I continued to need the major part of my hand to separate her upper thighs. As I
pulled the flaps loose Rose winced! It must have been painful.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you." I offered.

"It's okay. Lick me! I know it's filthy, lick it! Lick my cunt my cunt you
pervert!"

"I will, I will, it'll just be a second."

As I lifted the dead skin, under her vulva her vagina and urethra were nothing
but raw meat! Raw meat, covered with a rash and the rash was coated with a thick
white puss and stale urine! The thick white excretion was everywhere! I had to
suppress the desire to vomit when I saw the numerous sores that were either
bleeding or oozing puss! Looking close at her pubic hair I gagged  aloud when I
saw, what I thought was her pubic hair move! It wasn't hair it was tiny worms,
or lice or bugs feasting on her vaginal excretions! Oh God, how could anyone be
so filthy?

It was hard for me to catch a breath, but I knew what was expected of me. I had
never seen anything so repulsive and I knew I would surly get sick if I ingested
what was in this grotesque organ! I also knew I had to submit, no, that I needed
to submit! I needed to reach the depths of servitude in obedience to my
Mistress! To accept my place no matter how degrading! This was an important step
in my emasculation and my destruction as a person of free will! I was Mattie's
and the decision to satisfy this woman was hers. My only mission was to obey and
serve!

I could tell the stench was permeating the room because out of the corner of my
eye I saw Mattie cover her nose and mouth as she  backed up and left the counter
area. I knew, even without seeing what I was seeing, she knew what I was
confronting.

"Stick your finger inside me! Please! Stick it inside me!" Rose pleaded.

I raised my finger and stuck it in the opening of her vagina and as I did Rose
let out a loud scream of agonizing ecstasy!

"Ohhhhhhh! Yes! Yes! Oh Jesus Christ, Yes!"

I began to move my finger in and out of this puss box, aching to find a way to
catch a whiff of non-toxic air, but deep in this forgotten valley of puss and
stale piss there was non to be found! I moved a second finger high than the
first in an attempt to find her clitoris. As the folds of her vulva opened I was
startled to see, buried in her cunt she had an enormous clit! As I stroked it,
it began to unfold from her cistern of flesh and point upwards like, like a
small cock! Despite the stench, puss, bugs and stagnant piss I was enamored with
this unusual piece of flesh coming at me like the head of a turtle coming out of
it shell! It too was raw flesh, but it was alive and it was coming at me, hungry
for satisfaction!

As my finger toyed with it, Rose's body jerked and a sound of pleasure in the
form of a long groaning moan poured from her lips! I almost forgot about the
nausea swelling within me as I played with this growing piece of sexual meat! It
was sick and I knew it, but it was almost large enough to be a small cock and I
wanted to set aside all of my hesitancy and put it in my mouth! I wanted to suck
it and lick it and give her the pleasure she sought! I pushed my head deeper
between her thighs and flicked my tongue anxious to taste this soiled meat! It
had been hibernating in this vaginal cesspool of rotting flesh and now it was a
awake, alive and reaching for my mouth and the ecstasy my tongue would provide!

"Yes! Yes! Lick it! Suck it! Oh God damit, Yes! Oh...Ohhhhh...Ohhhhhhh!"

She managed to slide down slightly in the chair so that the cheeks of her fat
ass were hanging over the edge and I could see the inflamed white headed
pimples, the  sores and dried shit mixed with old pieces of toilet paper and
more aged caked on baby powder stuck in the crack of her ass and clinging to the
tiny pubic hairs surrounding her asshole! As she slid forward she managed to
spread her legs a little further apart granting my tongue greater access! I
found it!  As her knees spread, her feet bent inward and I felt an electric
shock rip through my body as one of her feet touched my cock! Oh God, my cock
was touching human flesh! I began to move my hips ever so slightly to allow my
penis the gratification of such a delicious irritant! Oh how I wanted to cum!

My mouth found her enormous clit and sucked it in as if it were a baby cock! I
didn't think about the horrific rotten taste that was permeating my taste buds!
All I could think of was the ecstasy I was bringing this woman and that she was
giving me her foot to fuck! Despite all my revulsion of the smell and sight of
this grotesque pubic area, I had reached the apex of her sexuality and she knew
it! She knew and prayed I was doing honor to my Mistress!

"My ass! Stick a finger up my ass! Fuck my ass you bastard! Fuck me in the ass!"
She was screaming!

"In her ass Brian! She wants you to finger her ass! She's close! Fuck her ass!"
It was Mattie screaming at me like a coach at an athletic event!

Obediently my left hand moved to her rectum and searched the folds of her fat
cheeks to find her shit hole! It was already covered with my saliva, so when I
reached her shit hole it slipped in easily! I could feel the gritty pieces of
shit that lined her colon and as I pumped my finger in and out of her asshole it
probed deeper until I felt it hit a complete turd waiting to be excreted!

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Rose was screaming and breathing heavy. Her hips were bouncing
on the edge of her chair and she was riding my face! Her hands reached down to
grab my head, but her arms were too short, so she grabbed two fists full of hair
and pulled me deeper into her vaginal garbage pit!

I was panicking! Now I could not breathe at all! I was suffocating and neither
she nor Mattie gave a damn! As I would attempt to raise my lips off her flesh to
grasp a breath she would yank it back even tighter slamming my head back into
her worm pit cunt! She was bouncing on the chair and it creaked and screamed as
her body slammed down into the seat again and again! She moved her foot away
from my cock! I hated her! Oh God, please put her foot back! Suddenly, I felt
the weight of her entire body falling on me as the seat broke under her weight
and she fell to the floor atop my face! It didn't seem to faze her! She kept her
hands buried in my hair as she humped my face. Again, there was so air! I heard
her scream a beautiful scream of ecstasy and I passed out!

The cold water splashing on my face brought me back to consciousness. I opened
my eyes to see the smiling faces of Mattie and Rose towering over me.

"Have fun?" I heard Mattie ask.

I felt the smile cross my face as I nodded yes.

"You can come back anytime Brian." Rose said with a smile. She reached out her
hand and I took it. She helped lift me off the floor.

Mattie offered an apologetic smile. "I'm sorry Rose, but Brian won't be going a
lot of places after today Rose. You may have to relish this visit for a long
time!"

I felt a sinking feeling and a cold turning in my stomach as Mattie spoke.

"Oh?" Rose responded with some surprise. "I was hoping to have him clean me up
again!" She chuckled.  "Whew, never thought I'd have younger man down there
again! That was wonderful!"

"Well Rose, Brian is going to be punished for his sins against me. And his
punishment is to surrender everything he has to me, right Brian?"

"Yes Mam." She was cold and scary.

Talking to Rose, but looking at me she continued. "I'm taking his manhood, his
dignity as a human being, his freedom, his friends, his family, the luxuries
that life provides and Brian is going to learn to live in pain and humiliation
the rest of his life, deprived of compassion, deprived of love and even human
contact." She turned and looked at Rose.  "After we finish our business today
Brian is going to be deprived of clothing except for his precious cock hold, and
he will reside in a dark dirty cell in our basement, without any light or
companionship (she turned back to me with a smile on her face) until that
glorious day when I get to celebrate his death!"

"Shit! You serious?" Rose asked.

Mattie chuckled. "Oh yes! Deadly serious! In part why we're here. I not only
want to stop him from masturbating, I want a cock hold that will inflict
constant pain and suffering on that little cock and his testicles that he likes
to play with! I don't want this little twerp to stop thinking about sex, I want
him to think about it every second of the remainder of his pathetic life, that's
why I want a restraint that will ensure his cock in constant pain and if
possible capable of ending his life if he fucks with it!"

"Whew! Well I got something like that, but remember, you didn't get it from me
and it's very expensive!" Rose said her eyes unblinking as she stared at Mattie.

"Cost is no problem." She responded to Rose. Turning to me she added: "Darling
you look surprised?" She smiled as she walk to me, her face inches from mine. 
"I hope so, I'm going to take so much pleasure destroying you!" She bit her
lower lip as she chuckled as she stepped back and spread her arms out wide and
turned around in a full circle a couple of times. "So drink it all in Brian!
Look at what ever you like, buy whatever you like, because this is the last time
in your life you'll be here or in any other porn shop!"

I was in shock! I knew her, I knew she was deadly serious. I wanted to talk but
I had nothing to say. I wanted to run, but my legs wouldn't move!

Mattie came back so she was inches from me and slapped my face! "Hey! I'm
talking to you fuck head!"

"I..I'm sorry." Tears filled my eyes and I knew I was visibly shaking!

"Am I wrong or are you too stupid to respond?"

"No. Whatever you say, Mistress! Whatever you say, it's just..."

"Well stupid gather all the magazines you want because this porn is the only
thing you're going to see or read for the rest of your life! You're going to
live with these filthy pictures of your fantasy lovers! I want them to stimulate
you're cock and balls are aching for your touch every fucking day, but you won't
be able to feel any pleasure, only mother fucking pain in a cock you can't
touch! So take them! Take them all! Talk to you lovers! Your hairy bears, your
boy/girls your wicked dominatrix, take all your faggot, cum licking lovers! "

"I...I won't be permitted to go out any more?"

"Oh Jesus, you are stupid! No silly, of course not."

Her response was incredibly threatening because it was so matter of fact. She
was like a mother talking to a child. No anger, no cruel smile. It was like it
was the dumbest question I could have ever asked. 

"Now put your clothes back on. We've got to pick out a nice secure cock hold so
we can lock up that piece of shit hanging between your legs!"  Mattie turned to
Rose. "Well now, the real reason we came here today was to find what you call a
cock hold or restraint for Brian.

"Whew! Well, I guess I'm going to have to go under the counter to find what you
need." Rose responded.

"Under the counter?"

"Yeah. Got a few black market ones down here that are more to your desires." She
chuckled. "You know this reminds me of a story I read about this group of women
who were as pissed as you, but they were pissed at all men. They formed a club
and one of them had a farm and they would take their husbands and boyfriends out
to the this farm once a month and play a game."

She was reaching under the counter for some boxes. As she took them out she
stacked them next to her on the floor as she continued to relate her story.

"Anyway, they would take these guys out to this farm, one guy a month. One man
one party. That's what they called their meetings, a party! They'd strip the guy
and tie him to this rack. Then they'd pull a table over right in front of him
and pull the skin of his balls out on the table and nail them to the table!
Yeah, nail his sack right into the table! Do the same thing with his dick! Pull
it out and if he had a foreskin they would nail it, if he didn't have one they
would drive a nail right through the head of his dick! Ha! Then these gals would
play some question and answer game, like trivia, you know. Any woman who got the
right answer took a big ass hammer and give his balls or cock a good blow!
Squashed him flatter than a pancake!" She laughed. "Guess that'd stop a guy from
jacking-off"

"Sounds like fun!" Mattie said throwing me a mischievous smile. "You ever have a
fantasy like that Bri?"

I swallowed that proverbial lump in my throat. "I...I use to think about you
having a party where your friends  would take turns stepping on my balls, trying
to crush them. They got angry when they didn't squish under their feet, so they
would put tacks in their souls or razor blades in the toes of their shoes and
then you would cheer them on as they cut and crushed my balls and cut my penis
off!"

Mattie smiled and nodded in acknowledgement as though she knew that I had
experienced that kind of a fantasy. "I think this is going to be fun!" She said
turning to Rose.

"Here we go!" Rose said. "Ha! Can't imagine any poor bastard even surviving that
sort of game or your game Brian! Had days, I'd love to play a game like that
with some asshole! Always wanted to kick a man in the balls and hear him
squeal!" She laughed.

"I know what you mean." Mattie smiled and nodded affirmatively. "I knew I liked
you, Rose! Now what have you got there?"

Well, this is probably the meanest piece of equipment I've got that will do what
you want, plus you don't have to ever worry about taking it off so he can pee. I
don't think it was ever intended for a man to wear permanently, but if you want
him both scared an in constant pain, this should do it!"

Mattie stroked the back of my wet hair. "Sounds exciting and tantalizing doesn't
it Bri!"

It was a rhetorical question. Exciting for her, terrorizing for me.

"Now, I have some that will also cause discomfort and prevent erections, but
they have to be removed a couple times a day so the victim can pee."

"Well, that might be nice, but I won't have time to run up and down the stairs
to fuck with Bri, not if I start seeing real men. Can you imagine me jumping out
of bed with a handsome lover just so Bri can piss! What do you think Brian?"

I was crying and shaking and scared to death of what lay ahead. "I..I don't
know. Please Mistress, Please!"

Turning back to Rose. "See, he has no idea. I think we'll go along with your
recommendation. What do you call this thing?"

"This is the Widow Maker 3000."

"Sounds delicious!"

Rose chuckled. "Well, it's just a suggestion, but you might want to pick up a
couple of issue of Cock and Ball Torture, just for your own pleasure, not his!
Very erotic shit for a dom intent on hearing her wimp scream!"

Mattie smiled and nodded. "Yes. Yes! Brian why don't you pick up copies of every
issue when you are over there."

"Yes Mam." I had to hold on to the magazine racks as I went to pick up all the
magazines we had discussed. There were about twenty-five magazines in all.

"Now, let me show you how this thing works." Rose said opening a box with the
picture of the grotesque device inside that would become part of me."
.
It didn't look like the typical penis restraint I had seen in so many ads. It
looked like a metal and leather jock strap, except the strap that held the
testicle cage was thin like a thong.  The shaft and the part that covered the
piss hole was like the cargo compartment on a space ship, which obviously closed
over the penis. At the base of the shaft was a metal plate that was pushed up
against the groin. I couldn't help but notice the sharp tack like spikes, which
obviously cut into the flesh of the groin area!

There were similar tack like projectiles inside the shaft that when closed,
would cut into his penis and piss head! My sphincter muscles contracted in fear
of this grotesque instrument.

"Now this unit comes with a catheter so that once inserted he loses all control
of his bladder and all his piss drains into this bag. Should be changed once a
month, but you might want to leave it in longer. Leave it in too long and he
could contract uremia, or piss poisoning, which will kill him if untreated. It's
up to you."

"We'll see if he behaves himself." Mattie said smiling at me.

Once the catheter is in, you slide the plate up tight against his groin area so
these little fellas can do their work." She pointed out the tacks to Mattie who
seemed pleased. "And buckle the belt in the back. Then you put his balls in the
sack and pull the thong up the crack of his ass and tie it right here in this
loop. Once his balls are nicely secured you lay his cock in the shaft," Again
she pointed out the little needle like tacks in the cargo compartment of the
shaft. "and then close it and click it shut. Make sure you hear the click."

Okay, but what's to stop him from pushing the click and removing it?" Mattie
asked showing concern.

Rose smiled. "Brian, you pay attention to this. After the click, you use this
key to turn this lock right here under the piss hole. That triggers the security
device. If after you turn this lock, like this." She turned the lock. "If Brian
messes with the device or tries to manipulate it, like this." She turned the
base towards me and smiled. She then pushed on the button that click under the
cargo hold area and then in the blink of an eye there was a swishing sound
followed by the click of metal. "Can you imaging what would happen to your
precious cock if these blades came down on your precious cock, Brian?"

I was terrified that Mattie would put such a thing on me! "Mattie please! Oh
Dear God Mattie, no!"

"Squeals like a pig when reality replaces fantasy, doesn't he!" Mattie said to
Rose.

"They always do." Rose responded. "Love to be there when you lock this baby on
him." She said with envy in her voice.

Mattie smiled as if she had another wonderful thought. "Well, why not? Why don't
you show me how to do it perfectly by putting it on here and now?"

"Huh?" Rose said with surprise.

"You do it! Now! You do the honors of putting him in his cage. That way, if I
ever do want to take it off and have to put it back on, I'll have seen you do
it!"

"You are so nice to me!" Rose responded with glee.

"No, you're the one who has been nice to me. Go ahead, put it on him."

A broad smile cut across Rose's face as she wiggled her index finger inviting me
to come over and stand in front of her. "Come here Brian! Come on over here!"

 I didn't want to, but my feet took me over so I was standing directly in front
of her. I was too afraid to even cry but I heard my heart pounding and I was
having difficulty catching my breath.

She held the cock hold up towards my face. "Brian. Kiss it."

I bent forward and kissed it obediently.

"Brian, I can't tell you how excited I am that your former wife has honored me
by allowing me to put this device on you.  I pray it will cause you constant
pain and that in your foolishness you will try something stupid and it will take
your life! With that I bless it with my saliva so that you will carry me with
you till your death!" She then hunkered up a huge glob of saliva and spit in
into the cock cargo area, letting the spit run from her lips up and down the
shaft.

"I can't! I can't! I won't do it! Mattie, I won't do it!" Mattie grabbed me and
slapped my face and shook me violently, screaming my name as I continued to
yell, "I won't do it! You can't, you can't!"

I could hear the bell over the door rang and I struggled to see if there was
help coming! I was straining to see and my body was shaking. Suddenly, I opened
my eyes and Mattie was standing over me.

"Get up Darling, you're going to be late for work! Here's your coffee and I've
got an English Muffin for you in the kitchen!"

"What? Mattie? Where's Rose?"

"Rose? Were you dreaming about some woman named Rose? Naughty boy!"

"Dreaming? I was dreaming? You mean, you mean this was all a dream?"

"Yes Darling. Come on, get up. It's almost seven o'clock, you're going to be
late for work!" She yanked the covers off of me to get me out of bed!

I dropped my head back onto my pillow! "Oh shit! Holy shit! It was a dream. A
fucking dream!"

Mattie leaned over to give me a kiss. "Well, what's this? Did you have a wet
dream or have you been playing with yourself?" She asked, a chuckle in her
voice. "Naughty, naughty!" She gave my balls a playful slap!

"What?" I blurted. I looked down and there was a puddle of cum stuck in my pubic
hair and the sheet was wet! "Ah, I don't know, yeah I guess I must have had a
dream, yeah, a dream!"

She laughed, "Uh huh! You've been having naughty thoughts and I want to know who
this woman Rose is? Gotta run, but I expect a full explanation tonight over
dinner."

"It's nothing. Honest, it was, it was a nightmare!"

"A nightmare made you have a wet dream, Ha! I'm gullible enough to believe that,
right? NOT!"

"No, believe me it really was a nightmare."

"Well I want the full story and I'm holding you to it. You tell me all about it
tonight! I'm looking forward to learning all about Rose! You know Brian, I just
may have to punish you for all those dirty thoughts!"

My head dropped back on the pillow. "Oh shit!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





