BDSM Library - Games




Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man moves from Iowa to San Francisco.  He is intrigued by an offer for some.
                              GAMES
                       A Story by Sardonicus

        When the game becomes pain and the fantasy real.


I  was 19 when I first came out to California from Iowa.  It  was
simple, really, I moved to San Francisco because I couldn't  take
Des  Moine any longer.  Even now, there's not a whole lot  a  kid 
can  do in Iowa.  I figure I'm pretty  good  looking,  light brown 
hair, hazel eyes and a smooth swimmers build. In fact,  in
high  school I was captain of the swim team.  Anyway,  I  figured
I'd do alright in this sophisticated city.

I  got a job working in a Bank as a mail clerk.  I'd  been  there
about  a month and had begun to make friends with the other  guys
in  the mail room.  One  afternoon the boss walked by my desk and
dropped a  business card  on my desk and told me he thought I'd be 
interested.   The card  read  "GAMES - The Ultimate Experience" and 
gave  a  phone number.  I put it in my pocket and didn't think much
about it for the rest of the day.

When I got home that night, as I did every night, I stripped down
to  do my exercises.  The card fell out of my shirt pocket and  I
picked it up and put it on my dresser.  I stepped in front of the
mirror  on my bedroom door and dropped down to do some  push-ups.
Like  I said, I like the way I look, and I like to  watch  myself
during  my  exercises.   I stood up and began  doing  some  trunk
twists.   Watching the muscles of my chest and stomach twist  was
exciting.   I stopped and began to pinch first one and  then  the
other light brown nipple.  I had spent some time in one of  those
tanning studios, so my body was a uniform light brown.  I  rubbed
my hand down the muscles of my abdomen, through my pubic hair and
cupped my balls.  By this time my cock was hard.

I turned away and went to the dresser, opened the top drawer  and
took  out  one of the leather straps I had.  I  stepped  back  in
front of the mirror.  I tied one end of the strap around my  left
wrist, pulled it behind my back and looped it around my neck, and
held  on to the end with my left hand.  I repositioned myself  so
that it appeared that my right arm and hand were someone  else's,
out  of view.  My mind raced with the fantasy I was building.   I
was a prisoner, stripped, bound and being inspected by my captor.
My right hand tweaked my nipples, pulled on my balls and  slapped
my  cock.  In my mind I heard my captor's voice.  "Ok, he'll  do,
let's  start the torture."  I pulled on my nuts and a sharp  pain
shot down my legs.  My cock was oozing pre-cum.  In my mind I was
taken into a dungeon, hung suspended and spread-eagled.  My right
hand rubbed the pre-cum over the head of my cock and up and  down
my  shaft.   In my fantasy my torturers started to  approach  me,
carrying  whips and other implements of torment.  I drew  a  deep
breath  as  my cock shuddered and ribbon after  ribbon  of  thick
cream  shot out and splattered against the mirror.  I let  go  of
the strap and stood there, breathing deeply.  I removed the strap
from my wrist and put it back in the dresser.  Then I went in and
showered.


As  I began dressing, I noticed the card I had tossed on  top  of
the  dresser.   There  was phone number to  call.   I  thought  a
moment,  shrugged my shoulders and went over to the telephone.  I
dialed the number.  It rang once and a voice answered.  It was  a
recording.

"You  have reached games, level 1.  If you are not interested  in
sexually  explicit material, hang up now.   Otherwise,  press
1."

I  shook my head in disbelief and pressed 1.

"  You have reached games, level 2.  If you are straight press 1,
if  you  are  gay, press 2."  I pressed 1.  "  You  have  reached
games, level 3, following are selections of sex fantasies,  press
the  number  of the fantasy you desire."

I  shook my head again, wondering at the computer  technology  at
work.

The voice droned on " For a romantic interlude  press  1.
For wild sex without love press 2.  For S&M press 3."

My  heart  jumped at this last entry, and I pushed 3  before  the
voice  could continue. My heart was beating faster as  the  voice
continued.

" You have reached  games level 4.  If you do not  want
a fantasy that becomes reality, hang-up now.  Otherwise press the
number of the S&M fantasy of your choice.  For bondage, press  1.
For  spanking,  press  2.  For torture press 3."

My  heart was beating really fast by this time.  I  reached  down
with one hand and began rubbing my growing hard on.  I pressed 3.

"  This is games level 5, this is the last level before  reality.
If  you do not want your fantasy to become reality, hang-up  now,
otherwise  press the number of the reality you want  to  explore.
For medieval torture press 1.  For torture by terrorists press 2.
For  torture by the inquisition press 3.  For torture by  the  SS
and  Gestapo press 4."

The  voice continued, but I was no longer listening, my mind  was
racing with the fantasies described.  I pressed 4. "Please  leave
your phone number at the sound of the tone."  A tone sounded  and
I gave my phone number.  There was a click and dial tone.

I  hung  the phone up and went into the kitchen to get  myself  a
drink.  Probably all bullshit I thought to myself.  As I  started
to drink the phone rang.  My heart skipped a beat.  I walked into
the living room and picked up the phone.

"Is this 897-7888" a voice asked.  "Yes, " I replied.
"Did you just call Games" the voice asked again.  "Yeah, I did" I
answered.

"Good, be at..." the voice continued describing an address  south
of  Market.   I was told to be their at 11:00 that  night.   Then
they hung up.  By this time I was shaking with a mixture of  fear
and excitement. I looked at my watch.  It was 8:00.  I had  three
hours  to  kill.  I got my jacket and went out.  I stopped  at  a
small diner near where I lived and got a sandwich. Then I  hopped
a bus for south of market.  I figured I'd kill time by going to a
couple of bars.

As  I kept checking my watch, the time seemed to move so  slowly.
Finally it was 10:30.  I left the bar I was in and began  walking
to the address I had been given.  It took about 25 minutes to get
there.   I found myself in an area of warehouses south of  Bryant
street.  The street was empty.  The address was a warehouse  that
was closed.  I stood around and thought it was probably someone's
idea  of  a joke.  There were no lights on in the  warehouse,  or
anywhere else on the street.

I  looked at my watch.  It was eleven.  I looked up and down  the
street.  It was completely empty.  I waited awhile and looked  at
my watch again.  It was 10 after eleven.  I sighed, probably  was
a joke I thought to myself.  I shrugged my shoulders and  started
walking back towards the bar I had left earlier.

Soon after I had started walking I heard footsteps behind me.   I
stopped and turned to see who was following me.  My heart jumped,
and  I sucked in a a quick breath.  The woman I saw was dressed  in
an SS uniform.

"Going somewhere?" she asked with a snarl.  Before I could  answer,
someone  else, behind me grabbed my arms and pinned them.   "What
the.."  I started to shout, as the SS woman quickly came up  to  me
and  stuffed a hankerchief in my mouth.  I felt  handcuffs  being
closed around my wrists.

"He's  the  one" the SS woman said, nodding to the  unknown  person
behind me.  I was spun around to face another woman, this one in 
a trenchcoat and hat.  Now the SS woman held my arms.

"You're sure?" the trenchcoated woman asked.

"I'm sure" I heard the SS woman reply.

"Very  well,"  the woman in front of me said, matter of factly.
"Lets take him in for questioning."

I  was hustled back to the warehouse.  The SS woman produced a  key
and opened the door.  They pushed me through.  It was dark and  I
could  see nothing.  They continued to shove me along through  the
darkness.   I heard a door opening, and I was pushed  by  whoever
was guiding me.  All of a sudden the lights were on. I blinked at
the sudden brightness.  As my vision cleared, and I looked around
me, my heart began to pound, and my cock began to harden.

I  was  in a room that had open beams from floor to  ceiling  and
across  the  ceiling.   From  the  beams  were  hung  chains  and
manacles.   As I turned my head I saw a cross at one end  of  the
room.   A table was in the middle of the room.  At the other  end
were  two posts.  All of these had chains and manacles  attached.
I  was  turned  around by the woman in  the  trenchcoat.   The 
woman dressed in the SS uniform was standing by another table.  On 
the table  were  whips,  clothespins, clamps,  and  implements 
whose purpose I could only guess at.  Now that I could see the
women, I could tell that both were in their early thirties, were
very fit-looking, and quite attractive.  This looked promising.

"So,"  the SS woman began to speak " you are in  the  resistance.
Well resistance here will do you no good whatsoever." she  smiled,
and  picked up a small whip.  "Here, " she snarled as she  hit  the
whip  against  the  table  "  we  have  ways  of  getting  beyond
resistance. "

"Hedy" I heard the woman in the trenchcoat speak "  lets  not
waste  time  talking.  He's not going to cooperate.   Let's  just
strip him and get started."

My  cock  was  fully hard now.  I was  breathing  heavily,  in  a
mixture  of fear and excitement. These were my deepest  fantasies
coming to reality.

"Very  well"  the SS woman responded.  "Don't think  of  trying  to
escape, there is no escape." she advised.  She walked over to me as
the  other  woman released me from the handcuffs.   I  stood  there
silently  as  they stripped me.  In a few minutes  I  was  naked.
They  pushed me over to the two upright posts and began  securing
my  wrists and ankles spread-eagled.  I felt my legs  and  wrists
pulled apart as they tightened up on the chains.

Then they stepped back and looked me up and down.

"Not  bad"  one of them hissed.  She walked back over  to  me  and
began  to  rub her hand up and down my chest,  stopping  only  to
twist and pinch my nipples.  I winced as she dug a fingernail into
one  of  my  tits.  She reached down and grabbed  my  scrotum  and
pulled  sharply, digging her sharp nails in very cruelly.   I  took
in a sharp breath  at  the  pain  that engulfed my balls.

"Hmm"  she  spoke  softly, seeing my cock fully  hard,  "he  likes
this."

"Yes," the one in the SS uniform answered "he seems to, let's see
how much torture he can take."

They both walked over to the table of implements.  The one in the
trenchcoat removed the coat and her hat.  I could see that she was
athletically built and had short dark hair cropped close to her
face.

"Let's  get  more comfortable" she addressed the one  in  uniform,
"this could take all night."

At that, both women began to take off some of their clothing.  They
stopped  once  they had stripped to the waist and removed their
trousers, leaving them in tight fitting bicycle shorts.   Both  had
firm, attractive breasts, and their asses were nicely shaped by the
tight, elastic shorts.  They also slipped out of their flat shoes
and were barefoot.  The one  who  had been  in  the SS uniform
picked up a small quirt  and  came  back
towards me.  The other sat back against the table to watch.

As she reached me, she raised the quirt as if to strike.  I  closed
my  eyes and grimaced waiting for the blow.  She laughed, and  let
the  quirt fall gently against my chest.  She moved it  slowly  up
and down my chest, stopping to tease my nipples.  The feel of the
leather  softly caressing my chest was incredible.  I  closed  my
eyes as the quirt slowly made its way down my stomach and  softly
caressed my cock.  The head of my cock oozed precum.

In  an instant my reverie was shattered, and I screamed into  the
gag  as sharp pain exploded along the shaft of my cock. I  opened
my  eyes with a start to see her bring the quirt down full  force
once  again  against my cock.  She continued to whip my  cock  for
several  minutes.   Each time the whip hit I bit  into  the  gag.
Soon  tears streamed down my face.  I had fantasized about  being
tortured, but the reality seemed more than I could bear.  But, my
cock  stayed hard, and the precum oozed more and more  with  each
successive blow of the whip.  Then she stopped and walked back  to
the table of implements.

I sagged in my bindings, breathing deeply.  My eyes were  closed.
My  cock felt like it was on fire.  I opened my eyes  and  looked
down.   Along  the shaft of my cock there were angry  red  welts.
But the skin had not broken, and I was still hard.

"You  shouldn't be so gentle" the other woman chided. "Let me  show
you how its done."

With  that she picked up a long leather thong and a small  package
and  walked  towards  me.  When she reached me, she  set  down  the
package and put her hand against my chest.

"I like a smooth chest" she commented as she rubbed up and down  my
chest  and  abdomen.  " a smooth chest shows the  marks  so  much
better than a hairy chest, and it saves us the trouble of shaving
it."

Then  she reached down and took hold of my balls and  pushed  them
down  into my scrotum.  I winced at the deep ache that  began  to
envelop  my  crotch.  With her other hand, she began to  wrap  the
leather  thong around my scrotum, tightening it so that  my  nuts
were  forced  away from my cock.  It felt like she was  trying  to
push  my  nuts completely out of their sac.   With  about  twelve
inches remaining of the leather thong, she began to wrap it around
first one and then the other of my testicles, separating them.
It  felt like someone was putting my nuts into a vise.  I  closed
my eyes and took a deep breath.

"There,  that  should hold them nicely" she  commented  matter  of
factly.

She reached down and picked up the package and opened it.  I could
see  that it was full of needles.  My heart began to  pound  with
real  fear.   Was she going to jab the needles into  my  nuts?   I
shook  my head to attempt to say no, that this was too much.   She
only smiled up at me.

"Shaking  your head no" she asked with mock surprise, "you  should
have  thought of that earlier.  You had your chance not  to  join
the games."

She selected a long and sharp needle.  Grabbing my right  testicle
between her thumb and forefinger, and holding the needle with her
other  hand,  she  began to prick me, slowly at  first,  and  then
faster and faster.  I began to move my head from side to side  as
the pain grew.  It was as though my nut was on fire.  She moved to
my  left  testicle and commenced the same  effort.   The  minutes
dragged on as she continued to prick first one and then the  other
testicle.   I pulled at my restraints, somehow trying  to  escape
the needle.

"None of that" she hissed, as she reached over and grabbed my cock,
and began to prick the shaft and head of my cock with the needle.

I  bit  into the handkerchief, it felt like my whole  crotch  was
being attacked by ants who were biting me.  I looked down to  see
droplets of blood develop where the needle pricked the skin.  But
my cock was still hard.  In a few minutes she stopped and  stepped
back.   Again I sagged in my bindings.  The precum  continued  to
ooze from the head of my cock.

"You thought I was gentle" the SS woman laughed, "you're 
practically kissing his cock and balls with that silly needle. 
Lets hang him up and try something else."

With  that, the woman who had been torturing me untied the  leather
thong  and put away the needle.  The other one came up  and  they
both  untied  first my ankles and then my wrists.  My  arms  were
pinned  behind me as they marched me over to another end  of  the
room.   They  pulled a chain and manacles down from  one  of  the
ceiling  beams and attached them to my wrists.  Then they  hauled
up  on  the  chains and my arms rose above  me.   They  continued
pulling until my toes were barely touching the floor.  My  entire
weight was being held by my arms and wrists.

"More" the SS woman ordered.

They  pulled  more until I was hanging free.  My feet a  foot  or
more above the floor.

"That's better, "she said approvingly. "Lets swing him a little."

With  that  both women walked over to the table of  implements  and
picked  up  wide  leather covered  paddles.   They  returned  and
stepped behind me.

I  drew in a sharp breath as the first swat hit my ass.  I  swung
by my arms from the force of the blow.  Another swat hit my  ass,
and  I bit into the gag.  Blow after blow the paddles  struck  my
ass and I swung from each hit.

"Lets see how high we can make him swing" I heard one comment.

The  blows  hit  more quickly now and  with  more  force.   Tears
streamed  down my face as my ass began to burn.  Pain  shot  down
the backs of my legs.

"Lets  turn him" one ordered.  The blows now were aimed first  at
my  ass, then my back, then one of them came around to  my  front
and  hit my chest.  They walked all around me swatting what  ever
part of me they fancied, chest, back, ass, and finally my cock. I
swung  around,  backwards, forwards, from side to  side  as  each
successive  blow  hit.  Then they stopped and went  back  to  the
table.

"Lets go get something to drink" the SS woman suggested.

"Ok,  "the  other agreed and then turning to me  said  "don't  go
anywhere, we'll be right back."  and they both began to laugh.

"Wait"  the SS woman said as they started to leave, "he looks  much
too comfortable."

With that, she picked up a handful of clothespins and came towards
me.   She  attached one to each of my nipples.  Then  she  attached
four to my scrotum and three to the loose skin along the shaft of
my  cock.  The jaws of the clothespins bit unmercifully  into  my
tender flesh.

"That's better" she said, and they both left the room.

I hung there, my tits, cock and balls on fire.  My ass ached from
the  beating.   My nuts were sore.  But my cock  never  lost  its
hardness.  I shook my head.  This was what I dreamed of, but  now
that  it was happening, I wasn't sure I could take it.  What  had
happened had been bad enough.  But they weren't through.  My mind
raced with images of the possible tortures to come.  I don't know
how long I hung there before they eventually came back.

"Still here" one chided as they entered the room.

"You  know," commented the SS woman, "he's smooth, but  not  smooth
enough."

"You're right," the other responded.

She  picked up a can and razor and came towards me.  She  began  to
remove the clothespins on my cock and scrotum.  As the jaws  were
released the blood rushed back into the skin, causing more pain.
She  left  the  clothespins on my nipples,  which  were  now  just
aching.   She put the razor down and released some  shaving  cream
from the can, which she then smeared over my pubic hair, my  balls
and around the end of my cock.  She put the can down, and began to
shave  me.  A few minutes later she stepped away.  She  reached  up
and  pulled  the handkerchief from my mouth and used it  to  wipe
away the remaining shaving cream.

"That's  better,"  she  said, " nice and  smooth.   You  won't  be
needing  this  anymore  either, "she commented as  she  tossed  the
handkerchief aside.

"That's right" the other added "its time we enjoyed your  moaning
and cries of pain."

"But," the one who had just shaved me added as she walked back  to
the  table, "you are to say nothing.  If you utter one  word,  or
attempt to plead, it will go even rougher for you.  Your mouth is
freed to give us pleasure in hearing the effect of our work.   It
is not free to give you a voice."

The  woman  who had just shaved me returned to the  other  who  was
standing  by the table of implements.  As they spoke  quietly,  I
looked  down at my now denuded crotch.  The skin around  my  cock
and  balls was white in contrast to the brown of my abdomen.   My
cock,  jutting  out, looked even larger than it  had  before.   I
looked up as the speaking stopped.

One  of the women picked up a box with a crank handle and two  long
wires.  Both of them walked towards me.

"Ever  play  telephone  when you were a kid"  the  SS  woman  asked
pleasantly. "If you did, this is  little different."

"To be sure" the other answered.  The wires were about four  feet
in length and with the box sitting on the floor, I could see that
they  could reach every part of me.  The ends of the  wires  were
bare.

"A  demonstration" the SS woman offered, as she set the box  on 
the floor.   She began to crank the handle slowly at first,  and 
then faster.   As she picked up speed, the other woman touched the 
wires together  and a spark jumped at the connection.  My eyes 
widened in fear.

"When  I  crank it slowly, it tickles, as I crank it  faster  the
tickle  becomes a little sharper.  Faster still, and  the  tickle
ends  up like a burning ember." the SS woman explained.  She 
nodded to the other woman.

The  woman smiled and then put one wire on one of my testicles  and
the  other  wire on the shaft of my cock.  The SS  woman  began  to
crank slowly.  I could feel a tickle begin at my testicle and  it
traveled  to  the  other  wire  through  my  cock.   It  was  not
unpleasant,  just  strange,  like something inside  my  cock  was
scratching gently.

She increased the speed and the tickle became at first a light and
then a sharper pain that connected testicle to cock.  I began  to
move my head from side to side and moan softly.  She increased the
speed  again and the sharp pain was replaced with sharp  burning,
as  though   a hot needle was being driven from my  nut  into  my
cock.

"Aaah"  I  gasped, then bit my lip to prevent any  further  noise
from  escaping. Then the pain stopped abruptly as the wires  were
removed.  She moved them to the head and base of my cock.

"Oooh,  hssh"  I moaned and hissed as fiery needles  attacked  my
cock,  and then my balls again and even for a moment my  nipples.
They  played the wires over my lower body causing me to jump  and
move in my bindings.  My cock started to pulse as it prepared  to
ejaculate a load of cum.  This last torture had driven the  cream
from my nuts and I was ready to cum like I had never cum before.

They  had obviously noticed what was happening, and  stopped  the
electrical  torment.   One  of them smacked the end of my  cock
with her hand,  and  the pulsing stopped.

"No  cumming until we say so" the SS woman snarled.  Both women 
then went back to the table and put down the "telephone".

"Lets  put him on the table" the other woman suggested, the SS 
woman nodded in assent.

They  came over to me and lowered me to the floor.  They  lowered
my arms and removed the manacles.  This time they didn't need  to
pin my arms behind me.  I sagged into their arms and they hustled
me over to the table where they lay me down on my back.  My  arms
were  raised over my head and my wrists attached to  manacles  at
the  end of the table. Likewise, they affixed my ankles.   I  lay
still,  my chest heaving from the recent torture and  the  orgasm
that  had  been  frustrated.  They tightened up  on  my  bindings
stretching me out across the table top.

"That  should take care of him" one offered, and they  both  went
back  to the table of implements.  One returned and  removed  the
clothespins from my nipples, only to replace them with  alligator
clamps with a chain attached between them.  She then pulled down a
small  chain from a ceiling  beam and attached the chain  to  the
chain  of  the tit clamps.  She pulled up on the  chain,  and  the
titclamps  were pulled away from my body, pulling my  now  tender
nipples  up towards the ceiling.  She tied the chain off,  leaving
my nipples pulled taut.

"Candle light dinner for two" the SS woman asked the other.

"How romantic" the other added.

The SS woman joined the other who was still standing beside me.  In
her  hand the SS woman held two large candles.  She picked up a
lighter from the table and lit first one and  then the other
candle.  She handed one of the candles to  the
other woman, and went around to stand on the other side of me.

Both women held the candles high, over me.  They looked down at  me
and  smiled, and then gently tipped the candles.  As the hot  wax
hit my chest it felt like burning raindrops.

"Hsssh" I hissed between clenched teeth at this new torment.

They played the candles up and down my chest, lingering to  cover
each of my nipples, the clamps and chain with hot wax.  I  pulled
at  my restraints, but to no avail.  They filled my belly  button
with a pool of hot wax.  Then they held the candles over my  cock
and balls.  Drop after drop of fiery liquid spattered against  my
balls  and cock.  In a few moments my entire cock and balls  were
coated in hardening wax.

"Aah, oh, shit" I exclaimed.

"What,"  one  of the women exclaimed in mock horror.  "Why,  you've
broken the rules.  Now you'll really be punished."

They continued to coat my chest, legs and arms with hot  droplets
of  hardening  wax.  Then they stopped.  The other woman  blew out
both  candles and took them back to the table, while the  SS  woman
stayed behind.

"So  untidy" she exclaimed, surveying the wax on my body.   "Bring
me something to clean this scum with." she ordered the other one.

The other woman picked up a stiff brush and brought it over to  the
SS  woman.  She took it and began to roughly brush the wax off of 
my body.

"Aaah,  hsssh,  oooh" I moaned loudly as  stiff  bristles  rubbed
against tender skin.  She held on to the chain and titclamps as she
roughly cleaned the wax away.  It felt like my nipples were being
rubbed raw and torn.  Then she started on my cock and balls.

"Aaaah"  I cried as the stiff bristles assaulted my  tender  cock
and  sore  nuts.  They ignored my cries and continued  until  the
last wax was scrubbed away.

Both  women left my side and I lay there.  My entire body  engulfed
in  pain.  This was too much I thought to myself.  When  will  it
end.   I had never dreamed that real torture would be  so  harsh.
In my JO fantasies I always came before the real torture started.
As I lay there I wondered how many hours had gone by.  It  seemed
like  I'd  been there for a day or longer. I raised my  head  and
looked  down  the length of my body.  My chest was  covered  with
angry  red dots where the wax had hit.  My cock, now losing  some
of its hardness was an angry red.  My nipples throbbed.  I let my
head fall back on the table.

"I think he's ready now" I heard one of the women say.

"Ok," the other replied.

Both  women returned to me and released the bindings and helped  me
up  from the table.  They took me over to a padded saw horse  and
lay me back across it, tying my wrists and ankles to the legs  of
the  sawhorse.  I was bent over the horse, my chest hanging  down
one side, and my legs on the other.  It positioned my cock at the
maximum exposure.  My heart sank as I realized that whatever  was
going  to  happen next, my cock and balls were going  to  be  the
focus of the torture.


Seeing that my cock had grown softer, one of the women reached over
and began to gently message the head of my cock.  I oozed  precum
and she used it as an ointment to rub along the shaft and over the
head.  My cock resumed its earlier hardness.

"That's  better"  she commented, "we need a hard  cock  for  whats
coming next."

I heard them moving around, but couldn't see what was  happening.
Soon they appeared at my side.  They had both stripped naked  and
were  standing  over me with lust in their eyes.  One  reached 
over with  one hand and began to pull at the titclamps, twisting 
them to  cause  more  pain  to my nipples.  With  her  other  hand 
she massaged  herself between her legs.   The  other
woman reached down with one hand to pull on my balls and twist them
as her other hand stroked away at her pussy.

"Hsssh" I hissed between clenched teeth.

I  felt  something being inserted into the opening of  my  penis.
But  I couldn't see what it was.  I heard a scratching sound  and
then  the  smell of a match burning.  As the first  drip  of  wax
dribbled  onto  the  head of my cock, I realized  that  they  had
inserted  a birthday candle into the piss hole and were  allowing
the wax to dribble down.

They  continued to masturbate.  After a few moments  one
reached  over  and removed the candle, tossing  it  aside.   Then
taking a small wire whip she began to whip my cock and balls.

"Oh,  oh, ah" I moaned as the fine wires sliced at my  cock.   At
the same time, the other woman pulled and twisted my balls.  As 
she squeezed my nuts as though to mash them to cream, I felt the 
cum being forced from me.

"Aaaaah"  I  screamed as my cock pulled  upwards,  shuddered  and
spewed forth a hot ribbon of thick white cum.

"Aah,  aaah, oooh, hssh" I moaned as volley after volley  of  cum
ripped  out  of my cock, spattering my chest and legs.   My  nuts
contracted slightly as load after load was ejected.

At the same time the SS woman and the other moaned, and while  they
continued to whip my cock and twist my balls, they each reached
their own climax with loud sighs and shudders.

I lay there, chest heaving, my eyes closed.  All I could smell was
the nutty fragrence of cum mixed with my own sweat and the sweat of
the women.

I opened my eyes and smiled hesitantly.

"Whew" I uttered.

The two women looked down at me.  They weren't smiling.

"Think this is amusing scum?" one asked.  She looked at the  other
and nodded her head.

The other woman reached down and grabbed me by my hair and held  my
head up.

"This was only playing" the SS woman offered "now the real  torture
begins."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sardonicus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





