BDSM Library - Breakfast with her Master




Breakfast with her Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive woman get a call in the morning. Her Master wants her today.
                      Breakfast with her Master



Her telephone rang just as she was getting into the shower after her morning cup
of coffee.  It was Her Master.  He wanted her today.

"Meet me in the parking lot of the Best Western at 9:00am", he told her, "and
wear a skirt and your black panties and bra.  Don't be late."

She knew she would have to rush to make it but she also knew better than be late
so she hurriedly showered and then put on her make-up, fixed her hair and got
dressed.  She started with the black lingerie, the sheer panties and brassiere
that he liked the best.  Then she began putting on some pantyhose but thought
better of it and chose thigh high stockings instead.  She then put on a very
nice dark blue skirt and a complimentary and very fashionable lighter blue silk
blouse.  She finished off her look with matching earrings and a choker.  Yes,
the diamonds were real. 

The traffic wasn't too bad and she made it with five minutes to spare, which was
no doubt a good thing.  She pulled up next to his car that was already parked
there.  Her Master was always prompt and didn't like to wait.

 

She got her purse and locked her car.  Her Master got out of his own vehicle and
walked around and opened the door.  She thought to herself that despite the D/s
nature of their relationship he was always so considerate and gentlemanly. He
smiled and told her that she looked beautiful and held the door open.  She got
in and was surprised when he started the engine and pulled out.  She thought
that he might want her suck him right there in the parking lot or possibly take
her into a room and fuck her.

 

Once they got on the road he told her to take her panties off.  "Right here in
the car?" she asked.  "Yes right here in the car; that is unless you want me to
pull over and make you take them off by the side of the road."

She knew that Her Master wasn't kidding.  He actually would pull over.  So she
hiked up her skirt and reached underneath and started to wiggle out of her
panties, preserving as much of her dignity as possible, and trying not to look
too conspicuous in the process.  Her Master glanced over just in time to see her
slipping them down over her knees.  He was pleased to see that they were the
black ones.

"Put them in the glovebox and take out the bag that's in there" he told her.

 

She opened the glovebox and there was a white bag inside. She saw the bag was
from Lover's Lane.  She put her panties in the glovebox and closed it.

"I got you a present my pet" he said and smiled at her.  It was a somewhat
wicked smile.  She knew that he had something creative in mind for her today.
She opened the bag and there was a small black box tied with red ribbon. She
undid the ribbon and opened the box and inside were a couple of plastic balls
inside with a cord connecting them.  They were about the size of golf balls and
they felt strange when she held them, kind of vibrating.

 

"What are these?" she asked him.

"Ben Wa balls my pet.  Put them in your cunt."

She was only slightly damp down there.  She wasn't sure they would go in easily. 
She told Her Master of her concern.  He told her to finger herself first if she
thought that she was too dry.  She inserted a finger into her vagina not so much
to masturbate as to redistribute some of her internal moisture to ease the entry
of the Ben Wa balls.  The things were not small!

Her Master looked over and couldn't see much because her hand was obscured by
her skirt. "Pull your skirt up so I can see or I'll make you take that off too."
he told her.

That was all the incentive that she needed.  She dutifully raised her skirt high
enough so that Her Master had a very good view.  He drove and occasionally
glanced over and was pleased to see that his pet now was stroking two fingers in
and out of her cunthole.  Luckily for her, they did not pass any semi trucks or
other tall vehicles.  As soon as she felt that she was sufficiently lubricated
to take them, she inserted the Ben Wa balls one after the other inside herself. 
The first one was a little hard to get in but the second one went in easier. 
She could feel some fullness inside her vagina.  She left a little bit of cord
hanging out.  Then she asked him if she could put her panties back on.

"Sorry my pet," he said as he pulled into the parking lot of a Bob Evans
restaurant, "we're here. You will just have to manage without them."



They parked and again her Master came around and opened her door for her. When
she got out and stood he pulled her close and kissed her passionately. For a
moment he just held her and looked at her and she could see his love for her in
his eyes. Such a contradictory man she thought. He could indulge her desire to
feel used, to feel like a fucktoy, but somehow he never made her feel abused. He
could take her over his knee, or administer other "punishments" or "disciplinary
actions" but he had never once as much as raised his hand toward her in anger.
She knew that he understood how sexually and emotionally gratifying some
submission and a little pain could be for her at times, but she always wondered
if she was satisfying his needs too. Did he want more but held himself back for
her sake? 

While she was walking she felt a draft on her bare moist flesh and the Ben Wa
balls vibrating deep in her cunt.  The combination of feelings was definitely
erotic.  She was starting to lubricate and actually felt the moisture wetting
her inner thigh.  She hoped that it would not run down far enough to show. 

 

They walked in and they were shown to a table immediately.  While she was
walking to the table she could feel the Ben Wa balls clicking together inside
her.  She wondered if anyone could hear them.  Her Master was always such a
perfect gentleman in public.  He pulled her chair out for her and helped her get
seated.  He was attentive to her. He was nice to the waitress who took their
order.  No one would suspect that this pleasant man also had the capacity to use
her for his own (and her own) pleasure as he did so well.



When the waitress returned with their breakfast she wondered what she would
think if she knew the truth.  This attractive, well dressed and obviously classy
woman whom she was waiting on had been "obliged" to go out in public with no
panties to cover herself down there and with some strange objects inserted in
her vagina.  She wondered if Her Master had known the waitress would she have
been similarly obliged by his whims.  Waiting on tables with no panties on under
her pink uniform and a cord hanging out between her blonde (real?) furred
cuntlips?  Casually she wiggled her butt slightly on her chair and felt that
vibration again.  The visualization of what plans Her Master might have for her
and the feeling of the Ben Wa balls deep inside her vagina were arousing her. 
She felt wet between her asscheeks now.

They were finishing their breakfast when suddenly Her Master dropped his fork on
the floor.  As he leaned under the table to get it she felt his hand separate
her knees.  She knew where he was looking.  Her Master slid his hand up her
thigh and actually inserted a finger into her wet cunt for a quick second. 

Her Master retrieved his fork and sat back up and sucked his finger and smiled
"Hmmm, tasty".

After breakfast was done they drove back to the hotel and went inside. Again,
she felt the Ben Wa balls vibrate and the coolness of the air against her moist
cuntflesh as they walked down the hall to the room. She was becoming more
aroused all the time.  When they got in the room Her Master locked the door and
without saying anything took her in his arms and kissed her long and deeply on
the mouth.  She felt his hands knead her ass, bare under her skirt.

"Take off your nylons and skirt my pet." he told her.

Her Master watched while his sub first sat on the bed and peeled her stockings
off.  Then she stood and reached back and unzipped her skirt and looked at him
while she let it drop to the floor and stepped out of it.  She was nude from the
waist down, and still fashionably dressed from the waist up.  She wanted to
cover herself with her hand because she felt somehow embarrassed standing there
like that.  She knew that the cord was showing and suspected that her wetness
was evident as well.

"Turn around" he said, "I want to see your ass."

She turned and when she glanced in the mirror she saw him looking at her.  She
couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants.

 

"Bend over and spread your cheeks my pet." he told her.

She wondered what he was going to do and felt a flush of warmth in her cunt, and
a flush of embarrassment on her face.  But she bent over anyhow and reached back
and spread her cheeks.  The embarrassment and warm feeling both intensified
because she knew she was totally exposed standing there like that.  Her Master
looked and the sight of her excited him.  Her outer lips had parted.  The cord
from the Ben Wa balls was dangling from her cunthole, kind of looking like a
tampon string, and her inner lips were visibly swollen and glistening with
dampness.  Her clit had also become visibly erect.  Both her holes were so
accessible to his eyes and, if he wanted, to his hardening cock.

 

"Hmmm, maybe I should just fuck you like this" he mused, but no, he had another
idea.

"Turn around now and unbutton your blouse." Her Master told her.

She unbuttoned her blouse from the top down and when she was done it hung open
and Her Master could see she was wearing a sheer black bra.  She had perfect
breasts, natural and just the right size. They filled the cups of her bra to a
pleasing roundness.  He could see the dark bumps of her nipples through the thin
fabric.  They were obviously hard and thus further confirmed her arousal.



"Now sit over there on the chair and show me your cunt my pet." he said
gesturing to a chair by the window.

 

She walked to the chair and the Ben Wa balls vibrated again. She sat down and
used her hands to open herself to his gaze, spreading her outer lips widely so
her intimate parts within were exposed.

"Show me what's inside your cunt."

She reached for the string dangling from her vagina and started to pull.  She
felt it tighten and the Ben Wa balls shift within her. She was going to pull
them out very slowly because she knew that would please him the most.

"No, don't remove them" he instructed, "I said I want to see what's INSIDE your
cunt."



She inserted two fingers into her vaginal opening and pulled her hot hole open. 
God she felt like such a slut with her cunt spread open so lewdly like that.  He
could see slick surface of one of the plastic spheres imbedded inside her. Her
Master inserted his own finger inside her gaping cunthole and wiggled it causing
the ball to click against the other one and both to vibrate again.  He rubbed
her g-spot with the fingertip then slid it up to her clitoris and rubbed it too,
sending bolts of sexual electricity surging through her loins. Then he knelt in
front of her and moved his face to her vulva.  He licked all around her open
cunthole and then moved his tongue up and teased the tiny hole there as well. 
Then Her Master closed his lips over her clitoris and sucked on the hard little
bud until her body jerked with a powerful orgasm and her vaginal fluids wetted
the chair. All the while she kept her fingers inside her cunt.  She knew that
when she should not remove them until so instructed.

 

Her Master unzipped his jeans and his hard cock sprang free, sticking straight
out of his fly.  He knelt down in front of her and stuck the head of his penis
right into her cunt along with her fingers.  She was so wet that it entered her
very easily and when he pushed in further she felt the Ben Wa balls pushed even
deeper inside, all the way to her cervix.  Just as quickly Her Master removed
his cock and stood up in front of her.  He unbuckled his belt and let his jeans
fall to the floor.  He kicked them aside and then removed his shirt as well and
threw it on the bed.  He stood nude before her.  His cock stood straight out and
the head and about half the shaft glistened with her own nectar.  She knew what
he wanted and obediently opened her mouth.  Her Master again approached her and
of course she took his hard penis in her mouth.  First she tasted her own
vaginal fluids and then as she sucked him more she also tasted his precum.

Her Master looked down and enjoyed the sight of her red lips closed around his
shaft, nursing from his straining member and causing his balls to strain with
the load of cum building inside them.  He liked the way that his thick cockhead
caused her cheek to bulge when she took more of his cock into her mouth.  He
used his hand behind her head to coax her face toward him.  She knew that he
wanted her to try to deep throat him.  She tried her best to relax and swallow
his entire penis but when the head slid into her throat she felt the gag reflex. 
Her Master did not force his cock further into her mouth and she felt a strange
mixture of relief that he did not and a longing for him to do so.  It was only
right that he fuck her throat if he wanted to. After all, at this moment, she
WAS his slut, his whore, his fucktoy.  Mostly however Her Master was content
with pinching with her stiff nipples where they stained inside the cups of her
bra and enjoying the feel of her lips and tongue on the fat mushroom head of his
cock.  When he felt that he was getting close to cuming he pulled his throbbing
penis from her warm mouth.

"I am going to fuck you now my pet," he said, "get on your hands and knees..."





copyright 2003, Master K

yourdarkestneeds at yahoo dot com

http://www.geocities.com/YourDarkestNeeds/private.html




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master K


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





