BDSM Library - The Reluctant Whore




The Reluctant Whore
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cynthia Cooper finds that she has latent talents unrealized and unrelated to her job as a police detective.
The Reluctant Whore

Cynthia Cooper finds that she has hidden talents and desires unrelated to her
work as a detective.

This is obviously a work of fiction and not intended to describe any actual
person or event.  If you are turned off by brutal sex, this story is not for
you.  Why are you here anyway?




ONE

My name is Cynthia Cooper.  I am a detective with the San Diego police
department, assigned to the drug enforcement section.  For most of my duties, I
act as an undercover agent, tracking down the influx of drugs into Southern
California from Baja Mexico.

I went to work with the department shortly after graduating from San Diego
State.  Now, at the age of 28, I am considered one of their top detectives.  My
arrest rate is one of the highest in the department.

Perhaps that accounts for some of the resentment I experience from the rest of
the staff.  A dark brunette with deep blue eyes, I am considered quite
attractive by the men I have dated.  I try to keep myself in top-notch physical
condition and my 36-24-36 body shows it.  Some of the other detectives have come
on to me but I have turned a cold shoulder toward them.  I don't believe in
relationships within the workplace.  As a result, most of them think I am
stuck-up.  While I don't feel that way, I don't do much to dissuade their
opinions.  They're all a bunch of fuck-ups anyway.

Anyway, I found a note on my desk this morning to see Lieutenant Dorsey first
thing.  I smoothed the short skirt I usually wore and tucked in my sheer white
blouse.  I didn't wear a bra usually and enjoyed the feel of cotton brush
against my nipples.  Smiling, I entered Dorsey's office.

"Cyn, we've got a tip that some more stuff is coming across the border tonight. 
Have you gotten any info on this?"

"No, Boss, I haven't.  How reliable is the tip?"

"One of the usual sources, I'm told.  Got any contacts that might shed some
light on time and place?"

I thought of Wormy, the guy that I usually hook up with when I'm undercover.  As
far as Wormy knows, I'm simply a hooker that needs an occasional fix.  I've
never arrested Wormy because he is at the low end of the pecking order and
provides some pretty good contacts.

"I know somebody, Boss.  I'll get right on it."

"OK, but be careful out there."

"You got it!  See you later."

-o0o-

I stopped by my apartment to change into my hooker's outfit; a tube top that
barely covered my tits and a leather skirt that just covered my ass.  A pair of
3 inch heels completed the disguise.  Leaving my car in the garage, I took a cab
to Palm Avenue, where I knew Wormy would be hanging out.  Close to the Mexico
border, Wormy liked to mingle with the low lives that lived in the neighborhood. 
Sure enough, I found him leaning against an abandoned building, smoking a joint.

"Got any more of that weed, Wormy?"

'Jeez, Cynthia, you scared the shit out of me!  Where did you come from?"

"Just around the corner. It's a pretty slow night, Wormy.  Don't suppose you
want a blow job, do you?"

"Ah, fuck, Cynthia, you know I can't!  I haven't had a hard-on since Dell kicked
me in the nuts two years ago!  Here's a smoke, anyway."

I took the stub and drew a deep breath, holding the smoke in my lungs while a
sense of well being welled up inside me.  I had to be careful.  Too much of this
and I would forget why I'm here.

"Hey, Wormy, you heard anything about a movement tonight?

'Movement?  What are you talking about?"

"Come on, Wormy, you know!  I've got word that a shipment is coming over
sometime tonight.  Anything as to when and where?"

"Well, I might have something.  What's in it for me?"

"The usual.  100 bucks.  Now, what do you know?"

"As a matter of fact, there is a big shipment coming about 12:30.  The truck is
coming through with a load of Mexican furniture for a warehouse on Blanche
Street.  That's all I know, Cynthia, believe me!"

"Thanks, Wormy!  I'll get your money for you tomorrow."

"I need it tonight, Cynthia!  Don't you have a hundred on you?"

"Yeah, OK, here it is.  Jeez, I didn't realize you were so desperate!"

I drifted over to Blanche Street; not the most populous place in San Diego at
midnight.  In fact, the streets were completely empty, lit by only a couple of
dim street lights.  The sound of my stiletto heels echoed as I walked along the
sidewalk toward a row of warehouses.  Coming to a deserted alley, I took up a
place in the shadows and waited for the delivery truck Wormy has said was
coming.  Inside my purse I put my fingers around the .28 revolver.

I never heard the footsteps behind me.  Suddenly an arm swung around my neck,
jerking me backwards while I felt the muzzle of a gun pressed into my back.

"Just drop the purse, sister!  Drop it or you're dead!"

I dropped the purse.  The next thing I knew I felt a prick in the side of my
neck and in seconds my world turned black.

-o0o-

I came to slowly, my head throbbing.  I tried to move my hands but found I
couldn't  I was laying on the floor of a van, driving down a bumpy street.  My
arms were tied behind me and ropes were wrapped around my ankles.  I had lost my
shoes somewhere along the way. Something was stuffed in my mouth and I realized
that it was my panties.  I tried to spit them out but gave up after a while.  As
I struggled, I realized that it was my handcuffs that were holding my wrists
together.

There were two men in the front seat of the van, talking low in Spanish. 
Although I can speak the language fairly well, I couldn't make out what they
were saying.  I grunted as loud as I could to let them know I was awake and
pissed, but they ignored me.  The truck was bouncing around so much that it took
all of my skills to keep from knocking myself out again.

After what seemed a long time, the van pulled to a stop and I heard the doors
open.  Moments later, the back door swung open and the two men stood staring at
me.  Both of them were Mexicans, dressed in white dress shirts and black pants. 
One of them held my gun pointed at me while the other reached in and grabbed me
by my ankles.

Without a word, he pulled me out of the back of the van and tossed me over his
shoulder in the traditional firemen's carry.  I could feel the hem of my short
skirt ride up my hips and realized without panties that my ass and pussy were in
complete view of anyone who wished to look at them.  All I could see was an
empty sidewalk and a cobblestone street.  One lone streetlamp shown at the end
of the block.

I was carried inside a building that appeared to be an abandoned warehouse. 
Inside I was dumped unceremoniously on the cold cement floor.  I grunted as my
body hit the floor and rolled over on my side.  A bright light was shining in my
eyes and I could only make out silhouettes standing a few feet away.  I flashed
my eyes toward them angrily to let them know I didn't like the way I was being
treated and tried once more unsuccessfully to expel my panties from my mouth.  I
was conscious of the fact that my skirt had ridden up well over my hips and I
was naked from the waist down.  I tried to squirm a little trying to get the
leather to ride down and all I succeeded in doing was provoking laughter from
the men watching me.

I heard footsteps on the bare floor and another silhouette joined the others.  I
could see a plume of smoke rising from a hidden face but that's all.  I grunted
and squirmed some more.

"Pick her up!"

Two large men came to me and grabbed my arms, lifting me to my feet.  I was
temporarily thankful as my skirt fell below my groin.  Shaking my head
furiously, I grunted again and again trying to free my mouth.  Suddenly a hand
snaked out and slapped me so hard I thought my head was coming off of my
shoulders.  Tears formed in my eyes and my ears rang from the blow.

"You have made a grave mistake, Cynthia Cooper!  At last we have in our company
the well known agent of the local police who so successfully has put a damper on
our business.  For many weeks we have tried to figure out a way to get you here. 
Well, now that you are, we will make you welcome! "

I grunted some more, mouthing expletives that only sounded like mumbles.  I
shook my head in frustration.  The man standing in front of me was Joaquin
Morales, one of the most notorious drug smugglers in Central America.  The last
time I had heard of him, he was in the jungles of Columbia with a couple of
white American women and the rest of his gang.

"Well, gentlemen, it seems our guest wishes to speak.  For the time being, I
will allow it.  You may remove her panties from her mouth.  But first, remove
the rest of her clothing!"

I struggled as hands grabbed at me, tearing my clothes until I stood naked save
for my panties stuffed in my mouth.  When they were pulled from between my
cheeks, I spit out every curse word I had ever heard.

"You rotten sons-of-bitches!  You bastards!  Let me go or I'll have your ass! 
You dirty mother-fuckers have made a big mistake!"

"Ah, Cynthia, you are the one who made the mistake!  A little misinformation and
the help of Wormy brought you within our grasp.  Before we are through with you,
you will regret ever messing with our operation.  Gentlemen, our guest must be
tired of standing.  Bring her over and let her sit down."

"Stop it!" I shouted as rough hands shoved me forward toward a steel chair.  The
bottom had been ripped off and only the frame of a seat remained.  I was
brutally thrust on top of the frame and my hands lashed to the back.  My thighs
rested on the frame of the chair and the steel bars bit into my flesh.  The rope
around my ankles was untied and my legs bent back and retied to the back two
legs of the chair.  With my arms pulled back, my tits stuck out like the
headlights on an old Edsel.  I was humiliated and embarrassed at the prominence
of my pussy.  For the first time I regretted shaving my pubic hair.  I was
panting from my futile efforts to free myself which only added to the lewd
display of my body.

"Gentlemen, our guest has passed herself off as a hooker in order to gain
information about our operations.  It is time for her to demonstrate her acting
ability.  Jorge, you may be the first to have her suck your cock!"

"Go to hell, you bastards!  Stick that thing in my face and I'll bite it off!"

"Now, Cynthia, that's no way to act!  Now, we'll have to encourage you to play
your part more enthusiastically!"

I watched as a battery cable was clipped to the rung of the chair between my
thighs  The cable ran down beneath the chair, disappearing behind me.  Morales
stood in front of me, holding a metal rod extending from another cable.

"You may scream if you wish, Cynthia.  No one will hear you except us."

As he spoke, he extended the metal rod until it was an inch or so from my left
nipple.  Suddenly a blue spark jumped and all hell broke loose in my body and
brain.  My body arched backward and I threw back my head and screamed at the top
of my lungs.

"AAAARRRGGGGGHHHHH!!!!"

It seemed like an eternity but lasted only a few seconds.  When it stopped, I
sagged back; my lungs gasping for air.  I tried to focus my eyes but everything
was blurred.  The brilliant light flooded my sight and I couldn't hear anything
for the ringing in my ears.

Then the rod touched my other breast and the torture resumed.  My body was
bucking up and down trying vainly to escape the horrible pain while I cried out.

"AAAARRRRGGGHHHHH!!!!  UNNNNNGGGHHHHH!!!!'

The current finally stopped and once again I collapsed; my breath coming in huge
gasps.

"Oh, God!  Fuck!  Please, stop!"

"Are you ready to be the whore, Cynthia?"

"Jesus!  You must be kidding!"

"Perhaps you'd like a little caress on your pussy?"

"Oh, Shit!  No!  NO! NOOOO!!!  AAAAARRRGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"

I have never experienced pain like that!  It seemed like my entire body was on
fire with the center of the flame in my pussy!  I was bucking like a mule and
wailing like a banshee while the rod delivered its torture to my throbbing cunt. 
A stream of piss shot from my cunt lips to the floor beneath me.  Just when I
thought I couldn't stand it any longer, the rod was withdrawn.

I collapsed, my chest heaving as I fought for breath.  Sweat dripped from my
body and my hair hung down over my eyes,  plastered to my soaked face.  I
couldn't stop trembling as the pain lingered long after the rod had been taken
away.  I tried to speak but could only gurgle.

The rod touched me again.  Morales had me bouncing up and down like a puppet on
a string. The rod moved from my pussy to my tits and back. My screams turned to
hoarse cries while I threw my head back, thrust my body forward and shook like a
tree in a tornado.  I was barely conscious when the rod was withdrawn.

"Oh, God!  Please!  No more!  Jesus!" I panted; my breath coming in wheezes.

"My goodness, Cynthia, you've pissed all over yourself!  What would your
Lieutenant Dorsey think if he could see you now?  Oh, by the way.  You've been
videotaped all the time you've been here."

"I can't. . .I. . .can't . . "

I couldn't mouth the words asking for the torture to stop.  My tongue felt as if
it were three times it's normal size and I couldn't focus my eyes.  Everything
seemed like it was in a red haze and my ears were ringing so loud, I barely
heard what Joaquin was saying.

"What can't you, Cynthia?" Morales asked softly.  The rod brushed against my tit
and I jumped even though there was no current coming from it.  I began to sob.

"Oh, fuck!" I moaned, "I can't take that anymore."  Defeated, I hung my head;
sweat dripping on my engorged tits.  To my surprise, my pussy was dripping wet
and not from sweat.

"Ready to be the good little whore, Cynthia?"

"No, you bastard!  UUUNNNNGGGGHHHHHHH!!!"

-o0o-

The package arrived on Lieutenant Dorsey's desk in a plain brown paper wrapper. 
Unwrapping it, Dorsey saw that it was a video cassette.  There was no label to
identify its contents.

He moved to the recorder in his office and inserted the tape.  After the screen
flickered for a few moments, the image appeared.

Dorsey watched intently at the naked woman squirming under the assault of the
electric wand.  Her screams were muted but her agony was obvious.  As he watched
Cynthia Cooper writhe in anguish, Dorsey smiled.

-o0o-

I groaned softly, trying to adjust my body to relieve the tension in my
shoulders.  My arms were raised high behind my back, forcing me to bend over or
risk having my shoulders dislocated.  Sweat dripped from my forehead, pooling on
the floor beneath me.

I had been moved from the warehouse to God's knows where.  After Morales had
tired of watching me writhe under the touch of his diabolical torture device, I
had been released from the chair and thrown to the floor.  Too exhausted to
fight back, I lay there while I was raped until I lost count. Men were standing
around, watching me being fucked, while they laughed and joked.  Someone lifted
my head and stuck his cock in my face.  I clinched my teeth until the electric
wand hit my tit , prompting me to open my lips and surrender my throat to the
stiff shaft of meat.

I am not a stranger to sucking men's dicks but I had never had one penetrate my
throat before.  Struggling to breath, I choked until I thought I would pass out. 
The cock slipped out and I sucked air into my lungs before it returned to the
deep passages of my throat.

'This whore is a lousy cock-sucker!" I heard someone exclaim.  With my nose
buried in pubic hair, I could have cared less.  "We'll teach her!" cried someone
else.

At some point during the night I was lifted to my feet and my arms raised high
over my head.  When I tried to lower them, I couldn't.  Glancing up, I saw the
cuffs around my wrists had been looped over a hoist hanging above me.  Again the
flood light was directed toward me, blinding my vision.  I could barely make out
the men surrounding me while I was lifted until my feet barely touched the
floor.

Pains suddenly exploded across my lower back and I realized I was being whipped. 
Each stroke drove me forward with a force that threatened to tear me apart. 
Once more I was wailing at the top of my lungs while my body danced in a
convulsion of pain.  When the whipping finally stopped, I was lowered once
again.  On hands and knees, I was forced to crawl around the room while I was
intermittently fucked and whipped.  The world became a blur filled with pain.

But, strangely, I began to react to it.  Perhaps it was the thought of being a
sex object to so many men in such a detached way.  When a cock was offered to my
lips, I swallowed it eagerly; sliding my tongue up and down and allowing it to
go deep in my throat.  After a while I found I could still breath through my
nose while being fucked deep.  With another cock pounding me in back, I was
rocking back and forth with my tits bouncing around like beach balls beneath me.

I don't know how long this lasted.  The endless supply of men filling every
orifice of my body left me barely conscious and covered with the seed spilled
into and onto me for hours.  It was then that I was carried back to a vehicle
and driven to where I now am.  After my wrists were handcuffed behind me once
again, I felt my arms lifted until I was bent double. My ankles are anchored to
the floor, forcing my legs apart.  As a parting nudge, hands grasped my butt
cheeks, spreading them apart, and a cock speared my ass. Several painful thrusts
seemed to satisfy my companion and then I was left alone.

The ache in my shoulders prevents any sleep.  I try to shift my body to
alleviate the strain but my restraints prevent me.   Except for a few candles
spread around the floor, the room was as bare as my body. An odor of incense
permeates the room and the faint strains of oriental music meets my ears.

I hear a door open and footsteps behind me.  I try to turn my head to see who it
is but again my restraints prevent me. Someone approaches me from my rear and
hands grasp my hips.  I gasp as a hard cock brushes against my pussy before
plunging its full length inside me.  The thick shaft begins to piston in and out
easily as I am still soaked with the cum of my warehouse partners.

Hands reached forward and cup my tits, squeezing and kneading them until I am
panting with desire.  No matter that I am trussed up like an animal; my lust is
such that I instinctively rock back to meet the thrust of my assailant.  I am
amazed as an orgasm begins to build inside my groin.  I pant like a puppy
offered a bone while I am fucked senseless.

The first orgasm hits me and I scream my pleasure.  My "guest" is slapping my
tits while he pounds his meat into me relentlessly.  The mixture of pain and
pleasure is overwhelming.  A second orgasm is even stronger than the first and I
cry out.

"Ohhhhhhh!   YEEESSSSSS!!!  OH, GODDDDDD!!!!"

I can't believe I am responding like this but all of my inhibitions have long
since been abandoned.  After all, when you have been fucked as much as I have in
the last twenty-four hours before countless observers, any sense of modesty was
long since abandoned.

The body behind me suddenly stiffened and I could feel his cum erupting inside
my pussy.  My vaginal muscles milked the rapidly softening cock, reluctant to
let it go.  But leave it did, with a slap on my ass as a departing gesture. 
Once again, I was alone with semen mixed with my own juices running down my
thighs.

Some time later I heard the door open once again.  Bracing myself for another
round of sex, I was startled when Joaquin Morales appeared before me.

"Enjoying yourself, Cynthia?"

"What are you doing to me, Morales?"

"Simply allowing you to be what you are.  A whore. I can see that you could
bring me a lot of money.  And you seem to be enjoying yourself as well."

"You are a bastard, aren't you."

"Yes, perhaps, and you are  whore."

"Turn me loose and I'll show you what I am!"

"Perhaps I will.  But first, let me give you a little present."

His hand reaches out and I feel a little jab in my arm.  It take me a moment to
realize what he has done before I cry out.

"Oh, NO!  Oh, JESUS CHRIST!  Morales, you've drugged me!"  I could feel the
warmth begin to spread over me and an overwhelming sense of well being flood my
brain.  Morales reaches out and brushes his fingers against my nipples and I
purr like a kitten.  In seconds my body is in fire and I squirm provocatively in
search of gratification.  Joaquin laughs at me and strokes my cheek while I
breathe heavily and tremble in need.

"Fuck me, Joaquin,  For  God's sake, fuck me!"  I an stunned that these words
have come from my lips but my only desire at that moment was a big cock inside
my pussy.

Joaquin laughs again and walks away.  I sob in frustration; my pussy aflame.

It's not long before I hear someone behind me.  Sobbing with joy I feel his
hands on my hips and a cock brushing against the lips of my cunt.

"Yes!  Yes!  Fuck me!  Fuck me hard!"

-o0o-

Dorsey stared at the brown paper wrapped package for a moment before he tore it
off.  Inside as another cassette, unmarked as was the first.  H quickly slammed
it into his recorder and sat back to watch. 

This one was longer than the first.  It showed Cooper on all fours, crawling
around a room while a man was whipping her with a piece of rubber hose.  Then
she was sandwiched between two men; one with his cock in her ass; the other in
her mouth.  She appeared to be enjoying it.

Then the scene cut to an empty room with Cooper hanging with her arms bent back
behind her.  Dorsey marveled at her voluptuous body, hanging there lit only by
candlelight.  Then she was joined by a man who proceeded to fuck her
unmercifully.

Dorsey felt his dick get hard as Cooper began to respond to the sexual assault. 
By the time she had screamed for someone to "fuck her hard", he had his own dick
in his hand and was whipping it hard.

The final scene came as a surprise.  It was simply a message, superimposed over
Cynthia's drooling face.

www.coopersex.com

-o0o-

I have been moved again.  I am in some type of nightclub, filled with people. 
Mexican music is playing over a loud speaker and there is lots of laughter and
clinking of glasses.  Unfortunately, I can't see any of it since I have been
blindfolded.

I am on my knees with my arms drawn back behind me.  My back is against a wooden
frame at a 45 degree angle.  Around my neck is a leather collar and it seems to
be attached to the top of the frame since I cannot move my body to a sitting
position.  My knees are spread wide apart and I can feel a cool breeze blowing
against my pussy.  I shudder, not because I'm cold, but because of the enormous
lust that consumes me.  Morales has seen to it that my brain is taken over by
the drug and I am consumed with desire.  Despite my blindfold, I can sense that
spotlights are trained on me and that I am in the center of a large gathering. 
The thought of people staring at me causes my pussy to grow wet.

I sense something near me and immediately hands grasp my tits and begin to
squeeze and knead them, pinching my nipples.  I moan and squirm under the touch,
growing more and more aroused by the moment.  The fingers trail beneath my
breasts and slowly go down my stomach while I suck in my breath in anticipation. 
When they reach the juncture of my thighs, the hands part and trace designs on
my inner thighs until I think I will go out of my mind.  I am gasping for breath
and my body arches upward, searching for that elusive touch that will send me
over the edge.

I no longer hear the sound of the crowd and I don't know if they've grown silent
or I simply have shut them out.  The only sound I hear is my voice, pleading.

"Oh, Jesus, please. . .I'm so close. . .for God's sake. . ."

"What is it you desire, whore?"

The voice is a woman's and I am momentarily stunned.  I feel as if I will
explode if I don't cum.

"'Fuck me. . .please. . .fuck me. . .oh, god, please, fuck me!"

A finger brushes against the lips of my pussy and I cry out, raising my hips as
far as I can to meet the caress.  It circles gently, brushing against one side
and then the other.  I am sobbing now, completely distraught and almost
hysterical.  She blows a soft breeze across my nether lips and I scream in
frustration.

"Oh, God!  I can't stand it!  Someone!  Anyone!  Fuck me!  FUCKKKKMEEEEEEE!!!"

My body is a mass of jelly, shuddering in need.  A pitiful animal who only seeks
pleasure.  When the woman's mouth closes on my pussy and her tongue brushes my
clit, I can no longer withhold my hunger.  The orgasm explodes like none I have
ever experienced and I wail at the top of my lungs to signal its arrival.  As
the second one quickly builds, I feel another body press against me and a cock
brushes my lips.  Insane with desire, I immediately open my mouth to take it. 
The man straddles my chest and I can feel his balls brush against my chin as his
cock sinks deep in my throat.  The woman continues to explore my pussy with her
tongue and I am delirious as I suck and swallow.  Another orgasm hits me and my
muffled screams only add to the man's efforts to fuck my mouth.

Something wet hits my face and it is the smell of semen.  More and more falls on
me, adding to my frenzied behavior.  I am sucking furiously on the cock in my
throat while my hips bounce up and down with the woman's tongue in my pussy.  My
world is spinning out of control and the center of the universe is in my cunt. 
My orgasms are continuous now as are my screams. 

The cock in my mouth erupts and I swallow as fast as I can but still much of it
dribbles down my chin.  It is replaced by another cock and I attack it eagerly,
slurping and licking loudly.  I feel my ankles released and my knees are pushed
up toward my shoulders.  With legs spread apart, my pussy is wide open to the
woman's mouth and she makes the most of it.  When she bites gently on my clit, I
explode in a fit of passion.  A tongue enters my asshole and incredible
sensations flow through my body.  My brain is in overload.  At the height of
still another orgasm, I faint.

As if in a dream, I am floating through the air, supported by dozens of hands. 
I am bathed in cum.  It is in my hair, my face, and all over my body.  The lips
of my pussy are engorged with blood and my tits are swollen and hard.  I feel my
arms lifted over my head and I am spun around.  Suddenly I am upside down, held
by strong arms.  Something wraps around my ankles and I feel a pull on my legs. 
As the blood rushes to my head, the blindfold is removed from my eyes.

I am hanging upside down; my ankles shackled to a horizontal bar that spreads my
legs wide apart.  My arms are free and my fingers can brush against the floor
just barely.  I see that I am in some kind of club on a small circular stage in
its center.  The stage is revolving slowly and I see hundreds of people gathered
around it, staring up at me.  The semen covering my body begins to drip on the
floor beneath me while I twist slowly beneath the chain holding the horizontal
bar.

A huge man, naked save for a black thong, climbs up on the stage beside me.  The
crowd cheers his arrival and he acknowledges their applause with a wave of his
hand.  In it is a long slender rod.

I am lifted higher until I can no longer touch the floor.  The man steadies me
with one hand on my hip.  The other arm flashes through the air and the rod
buries itself in my lower back.  I gasp as the pain floods over me and my body
bucks in response.  Still another lands higher and my back explodes in pain. 
Three more follow in rapid succession, blazing a trail from my shoulders to my
thighs.  I hear screams and realize that they are my own.  I am jerking madly
now, in a vain attempt to escape the torture of the rod but it is inescapable. 
I am turned slightly and the rod descends on my naked breasts and belly until I
am wailing at the top of my lungs.

He pauses while I gasp for breath and rub my tortured flesh in an attempt to
sooth the pain.  While I am engrossed in doing so, he inserts a large dildo in
my pussy and begins to thrust it in and out.  The pain suddenly disappears,
replaced by sensations that have me mewling in wantonness.  I am raised still
higher until my face is level with his groin.  He peels back his thong to reveal
a massive thick cock.  Instinctively, I open my lips to accept it.

While I suck eagerly, he begins to apply the rod to my body once again.  The
mixture of pain and pleasure is overwhelming.  My body is jerking madly but at
the same time, my pussy is flooded with my juices.  He fills my mouth with cum
and I swallow rapidly.

I am lowered to the floor and my ankles are released from the bar.  I lay in a
pool of my juices and cum, barely able to breathe.  With his foot, the man
nudges me off of the stage into the arms of two of the spectators.  I am
immediately spread out on a table and my legs pulled apart.  A cock plunges into
my pussy; another into my mouth.  The orgy continues for hours.  I have no idea
how many men have fucked me but my pussy is so sore I can hardly touch it.  My
throat is raw and cum covers my body.  I finally collapse unconscious in a state
of complete exhaustion.

-o0o-

I awaken in a small room, laying naked on a bed.  A red lantern illuminates the
bare walls.  Save for a single chair and the bed, there is nothing more in the
room.

I am a little surprised to find that my hands and ankles are free.  I stand,
shakily, and see that someone has bathed me and washed my hair.  Stunned, I find
that small rings have been inserted in my nipples: silver ornaments that glitter
in the dim light.  I brush my fingers against my nipples and feel a surge of
hunger that staggers me.  Memories of my recent experiences flood my mind and my
breath becomes short.

The door opens and Joaquin walks in the room.  He is smiling down at me while he
brings the chair over next to the bed and sits.

"Where am I?", I ask, fighting desperately to keep my fingers away from my
pussy.

"In a whore house, where you belong," he responds, grinning.

"No!  No!  That's not so!"

"Tell me that you haven't enjoyed the last several days, Cynthia."

"You drugged me!  I wasn't myself!"

"Oh, No?  What I gave you was simply a vitamin shot to keep your energy level
up.  Something anyone could take without the response you exhibited."

"No!  You're wrong!  I was drugged out of my mind!"

"Yes, you were, on sex though, not drugs."

"I want out of here!"

"You're free to go if you desire.  There is nothing here to stop you."

"I need my clothes."

"Ah, well, perhaps we can find you a robe or something if you really want to
leave."

"Yes!  Yes, I do!"

"Where will you go?"

"Back to work, of course!  You've forgotten I'm a detective!"

"Hah!  Don't you know that your department was the instigator of your
kidnapping?  Lieutenant Dorsey and the rest of the department have been enjoying
your antics on the Internet."

"What?  What do you mean?"

"Dorsey told me they were tired of your aloofness and wanted to bring you down a
notch.  They never dreamed you would be so compliant."

"I don't believe you."

"See for yourself.  There is a computer in the office next door.  Log on to
Coopersex.com."

Disdaining any thought of clothes, I leaped from the bed and ran to the room
next door.  Sure enough, there was a computer on a desk with a number of file
folders.  The room was empty.

I turned on the computer and connected to the Internet.  OK, he said it was
coopersex.com.  The scene flickered and then began to scroll through all of the
events of my life during the past few days.

Stunned, I walked back to my bedroom where Joaquin still sat, smoking a
cigarette.  I took the smoke from his fingers and took a deep drag while I sat
on the edge of the bed.  There were no thoughts of modesty in my mind.  After
all, when most of the free world had seen me screaming for someone to fuck me,
being naked in front of one man was no big deal.

Joaquin stared at me silently. Thoughts were racing through my mind
helter-skelter.  Memories kept flashing before my eyes of the experience of the
nightclub.  Unconsciously, my hand came up to my breast and began to stroke my
nipple.  I suddenly realized what I was doing and stared at Joaquin.

"I am a whore, aren't I?"

"Not until you start getting paid for it, sweetheart.  Do you want to stay
here?"

"Where is the club I was in last night?"

"Downstairs.  You can be the main attraction."

I lay back on the bed and spread my legs apart.  My hand went to my pussy and my
fingers found it wet.

"Send in the first John!:"

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kemosabe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





