BDSM Library - Mary, The New Contact Sport




Mary, The New Contact Sport
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Relationship with the older sister of a friend develops into a Master Slave relationship. Nothing severe here, just an ongoing boyfriend-girlfriend situation with plenty of spanking, light bondage and mild breast and pussy spankings. Not for the hard core enthusiasts.
                            The New Contact Sport.



                                     Chapter 1 --  Awakening



               I first met Mary when I was 13 years old. Her brother Paul was a
good friend of mine, and after recently seeing him again for the first time in
22 years, I have found myself constantly thinking about her and the unusual
friendship we formed. I find that my memory of most of my teenage years is
hazier than it should be. Yet I remember this girl so well that I can still
recall the smell of her hair, the sound of her laughter, and best of all, the
soft yet firm flesh that thrilled and astounded me as boy. It may be of passing
interest to others fortunate enough to had a similar experience.





          This story begins in 1975, a time when I believed that sport was the
essence of life and that it should be pursued every moment one was not in the
class room or in bed. Consequently, I was not really aware of girls as actual
people. I believe that I had adopted the " thanks but no thanks " attitude
towards them. I found them then much as I do now, utterly incomprehensible. Yet 
despite this, in November of that year I fell completely under the spell of a
very special member of that sex. Here's how ...............   

          My mate Paul had invited me to stay over at his place one Friday night
because our Saturday footy game had been cancelled, and we were we utterly lost.
Sticking together looked to be the answer to the awful prospect of no organised
sport. Now I should mention that Paul sister was only one year older than us,
but she constantly let us know what immature little wankers we were. So we would
do the usual things in return, throw things at her, mimic her and generaly drive
her to distraction. Now this particular evening, Pauls' dad was away on a
business trip, and his mum had got called out to look after some family crisis
or another. Naturally we swore we would behave like young gentlemen, and go to
bed at a sensible time, and treat Mary with respect. Upshot being - no parents.
We sat and watched the TV, but Paul was snoring in less than half an hour. Mary
turned off the idiot box, and said that if I wanted to I could watch the other
one in the study. Okay says I. So there we are sitting on the two seater lounge
watching some crap, and out of the blue she turns around and tells me that if I
don't go and get her a drink, she will send me to bed because SHE is in charge.
Bear in mind that I do not talk to girls, so I'm not sure what to say. She is
obviously joking. But what if she isn't ? I snuck a quick look at her face, and
saw that she was being a smart-arse. I thought that was a guy thing. So I
decided to give a witty response. ' Piss off .'

           Now things got very uncomfortable. She cuffed the back of my head,
and told me to hurry up. I turned to her and saw a smile of a type I didn't
recognise. ' Watch yourself girly, do that again and you'll get one back .....' 
Naturally, she hit me again almost before the words ere out of my mouth. This
was intolerable. I warned her again that she was travelling a dangerous path. As
I looked at her, I became aware that her dressing gown had opened at the top,
and unless I was very much mistaken, there was the swell of a fairly good sized
breast in there. I quickly looked up, only to discover that she had noticed me
noticing. At that moment, she saved me any futher discomfort by jumping up and
grabbing her dads' foot long steel ruler, and whacking me on the leg with it. I
leapt up and grabbed her arm, spun her around, and put her in a bear hug to pin
her arms. My groin was in contact with her bottom, and I felt it start to stir.
I warned her that if she hit me one more time, I would ... er .... well , she
would be sorry. Then she said those fateful words. ' What are you gonna do tough
guy ? Have a big cry ? Or maybe you think your gonna spank me.'

          I released her and she turned and looked me with a mixture of humour
in her eyes and defiance in her face. Something was going on here, and for some
reason I felt hot and flushed. And the words just came tumbling out. ' That's
right. I'll put  you over my knee and spank you till your black and blue.'

          ' You woudn't dare.'

          With a sudden feeling of amazing confidence, I knew she wanted me to
do this. I had never thought of such a thing as being intimate, but I understood
that that it was very, very exciting. So I charged in with real zest. ' Not only
will I spank you, but it will be on your bare bottom.'

           With that, she poked her tongue out at me, and tried to slap me in
the head again. I pulled her in close, and told her that now she would discover
what happens to cheeky little girls . I took her hand and led her to her
bedroom, and she followed silently and without struggling. Suddenly I was in
absolute control, and I knew she would play the game.

           ' Close the door then come and stand in front of me.' She obeyed
meekly. ' You've been a very cheeky girl Mary, and now I'm afraid that I have to
punish you. What did I tell you I would do if you didn't behave ?'                      

           ' You said that you would spank me.'

           ' What else ?'

           ' That you would put me over your knee and do it on my bare bottom.'

           ' Correct . Now, take off your dressing gown.' She walked across to
her table and placed the gown on it . She returned to stand in front of me in
silky , full length pyjamas. My heart was pounding and my dick was already hard.
' How many spanks you get will depend on you. If you struggle or disobey me , I
will spank you until your bottom is bright red. And until I tell you otherwise ,
you will address me as ' Sir . Do you have any questions ?'

            ' No Sir.'

            ' Then we will get on with it. Bend over my knee.'  She leaned over
and I helped her get in the right position. I was worried about what she would
be thinking about the hard thing digging in to her stomach. But she lay there
without complaining.

            My hand was shaking as I put it on her bottom. When she said
nothing, I started to gently massage her cheeks , trying to get the courage to
pull her pyjama pants down. As I got more bold , I moved my hand in larger
cicles until I slipped three fingers in the waist band of the pants, and holding
my breath, slowly pulled them over her buttocks. She tensed a little , so rather
than drag it out I firmly pulled them right down to her ankles. In the dim light
of her bed lamp, I saw the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. A perfect,
flawless, almond shaped bottom. I decided to speak to her as I touched her for
the first time.

            " Mary ?"

            ' Yes Sir ?'

            ' Before I spank you , I have to check your bottom to work out how
hard I need to make the spanks.'  I placed my hand on her right cheek. ' So for
a minute or so I will be squeezing and rubbing you. I will let you know before
the spanking starts. '

            ' Yes Sir.'

            I began by squeezing her whole cheek , massaging her and allowing my
fingers to slip between her cheeks. I heard her make a little sound, a moan, and
parted her cheeks wide. I decided to get on with the spanking.

            ' Prepare for your spanking.'  I raised my hand and bought it down
without much force on her left cheek . It made the most wonderful sound. I began
to spank her in a slow rhythm, never hitting the same spot twice in a row. I
must have lost track of time, because even in the poor light, I could see that
her whole bottom was coloured red. I had spanked almost around to her hips, and
from the tops of her thighs to her tail bone. I stopped and looked down at
Marys' face . She was crying silently, and it looked like she had been for a
while. I reached down and ran the back of my fingers across her cheek. ' I'm so
sorry Mary ..... I never meant to hurt you ...... I don't know what happened to
me......

           She gave me the most beautiful smile, and said ' thankyou Sir . I
know I've been a bad girl , but I hope you can forgive me . I think that you
should give me some hard ones to remind me to be obedient . Please Sir.'

           ' Very well . You will now recieve ten hard smacks to finish off. If
you can take them without squirming or trying to rub your self , I will put
soothing lotion on your bottom for you, and kiss it better. Would you like that
?'

           ' More than anything Sir.'  I raised my hand, and bought it down
sharply where her left cheek met her thigh. It made a loud crack, and I heard
Mary suck in her breath. Next I hit the right cheek in the same spot . She
whimpered as I bought my hand down again and again , covering the whole area.
Mary was crying quite loudly now, so I delivered the last two as quick as I
could . I lifted her up and laid her face down on her bed. I leaned over and
kissed her cheek , and then we were face to face , kissing each other , gently
at first, then more urgently. I was in heaven. At last I pulled back a bit , and
we just looked at each other. Suddenly  she cracked a huge smile. ' I guess you
did have the nerve to spank me. '  She was rubbing her bottom , which was a
beautiful shade of crimson.' Are you still going to rub lotion on for me ?'

             I was about to answer her, when I noticed that her legs were
slightly spread , and right there in front of me was her pussy. I was overcome
with almost uncontrolable lust .

             ' Mary , part of the point of a bare bottom spanking is the shame
factor , the embarrasment of being naked in front of the person giving the
punishment. Do you agree ?'

             Her eyes smiled again . ' Yes Sir. I'm very sorry for not removing
all my clothes. If I do it now , will you forgive me ?'

            ' I suppose so . But you will have to do some extra things to make
up for your sin .'  She got to her feet , exposing the triangular patch of hair
above her pussy . She slowly undid the buttons of her top , and slipped it over
her shoulders . It dropped on the ground I assume , but I never saw it . My eyes
were glued to the perfect little boobs two feet from my face . Mary just stood
there , arms to her sides , while I drank in her beauty . ' Dear God Mary, you
are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen .'

             ' What are my extra duties , Sir ?'

             ' They aren't actually duties . You must submit to me exploring all
of your body . Every inch . And if I tell you to do something , you will do it
without question . Do you understand ?'

             ' Yes Sir. I promise to obey you totally .'

             ' First I'm going to give you a physical . '  I reached out and
cupped her left titty with my right hand . I gently squeezed the soft white
flesh , rolling the rosebud nipple between my thumb and forget . I leaned down
and kissed her right nipple , then started to suck on it . Mary moaned , and
pushed my left hand down to her pussy . I rubbed along the damp slit , raising a
loud groan , then found the tight little hole . I pushed my middle finger into
her , sliding in and out until I could get no deeper . Mary was leaning on me
making whimpering noises . I sucked and nibbled her other breast until she
blurted out that she had to lie down . She surprised me by laying on her back ,
and I just stood there admiring her naked body . I sat down next to her and ran
my hand from her hair , down her neck to her tits, rubbing and tweaking her
nipples. I slid my hand over her flat belly , down to her thigh, and , using my
other hand, gently spread her legs.

            ' I want to kiss your pussy and hear you moan and groan.'

            ' I'm yours to command Sir. May I ask you something ? '  I nodded my
assent. ' Before you kiss my pussy, would you take of your clothes so that I can
finally see the flesh I have lusted after for so long ?'

            ' If you're certain that is what you want . Really Mary , I don't
want to wreck this by forcing you too quick ..... '

            She sat up suddenly, leaned forward so her face was only a couple of
inches from mine, and said ' GET YOUR BIG , HARD COCK OUT RIGHT NOW . I WANT TO
TOUCH IT AND KISS IT AND LICK IT .  Is that clear enough ? ' she enquired
sweetly.

            ' Jesus Christ girl . If you get me any hotter I'm gonna blow up . '
I got of the bed and removed my T-Shirt and Jeans. I was about to take down my
jocks , when she asked me to stop . She swung herself around so that she was
sitting on the bed with her feet on the floor . She gestured to me to come to
her , and she opened her legs to allow me to stand between them . I could see
her pussy opened up , the pink folds almost hypnotic . She pulled me closer and
I could no longer gaze at my new favourite thing . I felt her fingers slip into
the waistband of my jocks , then without ceremony she pulled them down . My cock
popped out hard as a rock , and pointing straight at her face . She looked me
straight in the eye , then leaned forward and kissed  the shiny head . My legs
nearly buckled and I couldn't breathe . She grasped the shaft and started to
lick me like a lollipop , all the while wanking the shaft in her soft hand .

            ' Does this please you Sir ? '  she asked before taking about three
inches of my cock right into her mouth . I had to jump back because I could feel
that I was about to come . When I told her why I pulled away she grabbed me by
the cock again , lowered her mouth onto it and started bobbing up and down on
the head while she furiously worked the rest of with with her hand . I felt my
orgasm building for a few seconds , then the world exploded as as wave after
wave of pleasure surged through me . I felt myself squirting load after load
into this warm mouth , looking down to make sure that I hadn't choked her . When
she finally released my cock from her mouth , she looked up at me and gave the
tip of my knob one last kiss , then lay back and opened her legs wide and said '
Mmmmnnn , yummy . Did I do it okay Sir ? '

             ' Where is the stuff , you didn't really swallow it ...... '

            Her answer was to rub her belly and give a wicked grin.

             ' I don't know what to say . I want to marry you . Tomorrow . I
never dreamed that anything could be like that ..... I've never even had a
girlfriend . Where did you learn that stuff ? '

              ' My friends' dad has a bunch of videos of people doing it for
real . You can see them doing all sorts of stuff . I just watched what the girls
did and tried to copy them . Was it really that good ? '

              ' Better than the best thing ever .'  I kneeled down and in a mock
serious voice told her that she had ruined my life . 'Nothing can compare to
that . Nothing . You have carefully set your bait and reeled me in . All I could
think about was spanking your perfect bottom , being in charge and having you
obey me . But now it seems I am YOUR slave , because there is nothing I wouldn't
do to do all this again . You're not going to cast me adrift are you ? I would
have to kill myself right there and then , in a horrible and violent manner
..... '

               ' So, you have seen through my plot . Now that you recognise me
as the boss , if you ever want another one of them again you had better get down
there and lick my pussy .

              ' Yes Ma'am.'    But before I went to town on her pussy , I lay
down next to her and held her cheek with my right hand . " Thanks for the best
day of my life .... '   I kissed her deeply , then kissed my way down her body
to her moist slit . I took a long , deep lick from the bottom of her pussy to
the top , noticing as my tongue passed over a kind of bud that she gasped . I
opened the folds and stuck my tongue as deep as I could into her hole . I
returned to the little , firm bud . As I slipped my fore finger in and out , I
used my tongue to to firmly caress it being rewarded by some powerful moans . I
kept going even though my jaw and tongue muscles were aching .

             ' Yes , yes ...... don't stop ...... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh .......... '

             Suddenley her thighs crushed me from the sides , and her hand from
above , and she almost screamed as she shook with the power of her orgasm .
Finally she relaxed , pulling me up and smothering me with kisses and thanks . I
was really glad she liked it , it was more good luck than good management .

              ' Simon , I'll suck your your beautiful cock whenever you desire
it , if you keep giving me orgasms like that .'  My cock chose that moment to
twitch, and she felt it on her belly . She wrapped her hand around it , and
pretended to talk to it not me . '  Mmmnn my beautiful cock  ......  Sometime
soon I'm going to let my pussy find out what its like to have you inside ..... 
would you like that ? '  My cock started to swell again , and she started to
wank me gently .  I cupped her boob and tried to think about the events of the
last hour or so . And I thanked my lucky stars .    

            We cuddled up together and soon fell asleep. Her alarm went off at
7:00, and after a quick kiss and a promise to find some time to be alone
together later on that day, I snuck into the spare bed in Pauls' room. He was
still asleep on the couch, so I just fell back to sleep. He woke me up at about
9:00, and apologised for leaving me alone. I told him that I had gone to sleep
early as well, as I was quite sure he did not want to know that I spent the
evening have sex with his sister.




                            Chapter 2  --  Application of Imagination                       



           As things panned out, I didn't get to see Mary again until Sunday
afternoon. She rode her bike to my place, knowing we would have some privacy
'cause I live in a detached granny flat out the back of my parents house. As
soon as I heard the knock on my door, I just knew it was Mary. We fell into each
others arms, kissing hungrily. When we came up for air, I told her that I had
not been able to think about anything else but her, and that I didn't know how I
was gonna cope not being able to see her for a whole week.

           " My poor Simon. How can I make you feel better ? Should I give your
cock a little suck, or maybe I should be punished for making you wait so long.
You must decide Master, I will obey. "

           She was wearing a short skirt and a T-shirt, and she looked
fantastic. " To begin with, you can get those clothes off. All of them." She
quickly stripped, then stood in front of me with her head bowed. I felt a strong
urge to spank her again, but I didn't know if her bottom was still sore from the
other night. " Could you take a spanking again so soon ? "

          " I can take anything that you want to do Master. I think that I
deserve a hard spanking for making you wait so long. But it doesn't matter what
I think, you are my Master and I will try to always obey you. And if I don't,
then like all bad slaves I will have to be beaten and tortured until I learn my
place. I guess that there are other parts of my body that could be punished that
you have not yet worked on ..... "

          "  I have been thinking about that subject quite a lot lately. Your
body is so soft and beautiful. But I do not ever wish to punish you beyond what
you can take. So starting today, when I punish you, we are going to decide on a
special word that you can call out if I get carried away. It's kind of exciting
to imagine you begging me to stop and stuff, but that's all part of the fun. So
we need a different word, one to use if you really can't take it. And not one
that you could say accidently. "

          " You are so thoughtful Master. That is a great idea. Then I can beg
and plead knowing that you won't be too soft on me. What about a word like
'eskimo ' ? " I can't imagine saying that accidently. "

          " Very good baby. If you say it I will stop straight away, but I will
not respond to ordinary pleading. " I leaned over and kissed her long and hard.
" I've been thinking up some really exciting things to do you, but if I suggest
anything that bothers you, don't be afraid to use the word. And all punishments
will end in pleasure for you..But first, I want you to kneel down a suck me
until I'm hard."

          " Yes Sir."  She dropped to her knees and and started to undo my
jeans, all the while rubbing my growing cock through the material. Sliding my
jocks down with my jeans, my cock stuck up like a tent-pole through the bottom
of my T-shirt . She giggled and lifted the shirt up to free my angry member. She
bent her head and licked her way up from the base, but stopped when she reached
the swollen head. I groaned and thrust my hips forward expecting her to take me
in her mouth. But she didn't. She flicked her tongue across the inflamed knob,
causing an involuntary shudder to come from me.

           " Jesus Mary, just suck me now will ya' ? "

           She looked up at me with an impish smile, and said " No, I don't feel
like it. "

           " Well let me see if I can persuade you." I leaned down and grabbed a
handful of her hair, pulling her to her feet. Dragging her over to my cupboard,
I took out my one and only tie. I spun her around and tied her hands behind her
back, then used some old skipping rope to secure her bound hands to the one of
the bannister uprights half way up the stairs. It was knotted about 4 feet above
her head, and I pulled it tight enough so that although she could stand up
straight, she would feel some pressure on her wrists. When I had finished, I
slowly walked up and down in front of her, stopping now and then to drink in the
sight.

           " Well Mary, what am I gonna do with you ? I thought you had learned
your lesson on disobedience, but clearly you have not." I crossed to my desk and
picked up the plastic ruler, slapping it into my palm several times. As I
approached her she fixed her gaze on mine in a very defiant manner, displaying
an attitude that I intended to eradicate by the application of pain. I ran the
flat of the ruler over her cheek and down her neck to her firm white boobs. I
rubbed the little red nipples with the tip, watching them stiffen and swell.
Then down her belly to the tops of her legs, which I forced her to spread by
tapping the sensitive flesh of her inner thighs. I could see the lips of her
pouting pussy, and I slid the sharp edge of the ruler between them. She
stiffened and a tiny noise escaped her mouth. " Did you speak without permission
young lady ? "

           " No Sir."

           I slapped the ruler firmly against the white skin of her inner thigh,
causing her to yelp and twist against her bonds.

           " You should not lie to Master young lady. I'm afraid you will have
to be punished. You may choose your punishment though, it may help you to see
the error of your ways .... Your choices are 30 slaps to each titty with the
ruler, or 15 strokes of my leather belt to your bottom. Choose now. "

           She wasn't looking so confident now, but in a quiet voice said " I
will take the slaps to my boobies. "

           " A good choice my dear. Your breasts will look beautiful reddened
up. I warn you though, this WILL hurt, and no amount of begging or pleading will
reduce the penalty by even one slap. We will begin straight away. Now turn
around. "  She shuffled in a half circle, and I removed her bonds. " Now go and
lie on the bed on your back with your legs spread as far as you can." She
quickly obeyed, and I deliberatly stared for a few seconds at her exposed pussy.
" I have to go to the shed for a minute, and while I am away I want you to play
with yourself. When I get back you will bring yourself off before I spank your
titties, and if I have to wait very long, I may have to reconsider how many
spanks you will recieve. Understood ? "

           " Yes Sir." She traced her right forefinger around the lips of her
pink slit, closing her eyes as she did so. I watched as she sought her clit, her
leg muscles clenching as she traced little circles around it.

           " I'll be right back. Do NOT come before I return." I headed out the
side door to the shed to get the restraints I had made. I was only gone a few
minutes, and as I walked back inside I could here a low moaning. Mary looked up
and saw me standing there.

           " Please may I come now Master ? "

           " You may. "

           She started to rub her clitty quite vigorously, gasping and mewing as
she did. Within 30 secs she stiffened, closed her legs and shudered to a climax.
She kept her eyes closed, until she felt my hand on her belly. She was obviously
embarrassed, but she held my gaze.

            " Very good Mary, you are a very sexy, dirty little girl. Now it's
time for me to get excited. I'm going to tie you up in a position that gives me
access to your boobies, and I'm going to spank every inch of them, except the
nipples. If you need to go to the toilet or get a drink, now is the time. "

            " Yes Master, thankyou. "  She went through to the toilet as I began
to organise my bed for the spanking. I laid 2 thick cushions on the floor right
at the end of my bed, then attatched 2 short ropes with velcro fastners to the
posts at each corner. I noticed my cock slowly thickening as I completed my
preperations. I just could not believe this incredible girl. Why had she chosen
me ? I just knew that I was going to marry her and live with her forever. To
discover kissing, spanking and oral sex on the same day was, I knew, pretty
unlikely. Now I was heading off on an adventure that seemed to have limitless
potential. I had never thought of any kind of fantasy involving spanking or
sexual torture prior to the previous weekend, but this week it had occupied my
every waking thought. The sense of power I felt knowing that Mary willing obeyed
me was palpable. Yet as excited as I was by the thought of spanking and
punishing her, I did truly believe I loved her, and intended to take her out and
spoil her every chance I got. This was to be a special time between us, an
occasional thrill. I wanted her to know that I wished to be an ordinary
boyfriend most of the time

            " I am ready Master. "

            As she walked towards me I realised again how beautiful she was. How
had I never noticed it ? " Come and sit down please Mary " I said, patting the
end of the bed. " I need to talk to you first. "  She sat down quickly, but I
held her hand and lifted her to her feet. I sat down and lowered her onto my
lap. " There is some stuff I need to tell you baby. I admit that I find all this
Master and slave business incredibly exciting. But I want you to know that I
really care about you too. You are beautiful and kind and sweet, and I want to
be the best boyfriend I can. I want to take you out and have fun and spoil you
and do all the things that boyfriends should. Is that what you want too ? I
mean, I don't want you to think that you have to let me do these things in order
to keep me interested ..... "

            Mary kissed me fiercly. " God your wonderful. I want to do all the
things together that you do. I'm so proud to be your girl. You don't know how
many girls like you Simon, but they all think that your too sports-mad to notice
them. And in case you don't remember, it was me who started this. I find the
idea of being your slave so exciting, and as long as you don't mind playing
along, I want to keep doing it. But we can save this for a once a week thrill,
and be a normal couple most of the time. You understand now ? "

            " Yes, although I can't believe that you let me do this stuff ...."

            " Believe it. Now are you going to punish me, or are you all talk.
I'm starting to think that I'll never have to suck your cock again, since you're
not man enough to make me ..... "  She gave me a smouldering, suggestive look.

            " By the time I'm finished with you, you will be begging to be
allowed to do anything I tell you. If you think that those little love taps I
gave you on the bottom were a punishment, then you're in for a rather nasty
surprise. Now lay on your back with your head up this end. " Once she was in
position, I tied her wrists to the straps that were secured to the bed posts. I
grabbed her shoulders and slid her head over the end of the bed until it rested
on the cushions. Her titties were now upside down, their own weight causing them
to sag towards her lowered head. The nipples were at 45 degrees, but the soft
white undersides were exposed. I grabbed 2 more restraints and secured each of
her ankles to the posts at the head of the bed. I stepped back and looked at my
handiwork. Perfect. All of her titty flesh would be accessable to me. I sat down
out of her sight at the head of the bed and admired her open pussy and shapely
legs, following her flat belly to her upturned breasts. My cock throbbed as it
pumped itself to maximum hardness, and I very nearly climbed on top of her and
slipped it into her pink folds. But there would be plenty of time for that. For
now, I had a punishment to deliver.

             I picked up the ruler and walked to the end of the bed. " Thirty
slaps to each titty girl, lets get started." I raised the ruler and bought it
down on the side of her left boob. It made a sharp 'crack' sound and pushed the
flesh in, which sprang back with the most satisfying jiggle. I delivered the
next one to the side of right boob, enjoying the same reaction. Beginning with
the soft skin that was normally below the nipple, I began to deliver the slaps
fairly quickly. The sound was great, 'slap' , 'slap' , 'slap' , 'slap' , but it
was joined too quickly by Marys' voice.

             " Owwww .... OWWWWW ..... Please Master, Aaaaahh .... PLEASE .... "

            If it sounded great, it looked incredible. I found I could get all
sorts of different wobbles, jiggles and bounces depending on where I hit her
tities, and what angle I hit from. I grabbed her left nipple and pulled it as
far as it would stretch, opening up the skin on the inside of her boob. ' Slap',
'slap', 'slap'. The skin started to turn the same pinky-red colour as the rest
of her boob. I glanced down to see how Mary looked. Her pleas for mercy had
stopped now and been replaced with short yelps and screams in amongst her tears.
She only had 6 more on each to go, but she really was struggling against her
bonds and was clearly in genuine pain. I stopped the punishment. Stepping back
to look at the results of 40 slaps to soft, white breasts with thin plastic, I
had to admit that it was a sight that would be difficult to top. Every inch of
skin I could see was the same angry red. Against the white skin of her neck,
shoulders and tummy, the colour looked as if were luminescent. I was very happy
that I had resisted the temptation to put a few strokes on her nipples, now I
would still be able to play with them. Mary was still crying, but less urgently
now.

            I knelt down and used my thumbs to wipe her tears away. Behind her
pain and her red eyes, there was an unmistakeable look of pride and even
pleasure. " Well Mary, that is only 48. You still have 6 to go on each of your
boobies. But I thought that I should see if you are beginning to regret
disobeying me ? "

            " NO ! I do not regret it. You'll never tame me, NEVER ! I'll never
suck your cock, you'll have to play with yourself if you want to come ! "

            I was more than a bit surprised. I thought that she would be begging
to suck me off after a spanking like that. Surely she couldn't take too much
more. Maybe she had forgotten the word and really meant what she was saying. "
Mary .... have you forgotten what we talked about before ? .... you know, the
special word ? .... "

            " Of course not. Will you listen to me so we don't have to have this
conversation again. I remember the word, okay ? But I want to prove to you how
much I can take. I saw your face when you were slapping my poor titties, you
were so excited. Your cock looks like its gonna burst.  Even though my tits are
burning and those spanks hurt like hell, I am so turned on. Finish my spanking,
and force me to obey you. Once you have broken my spirit your reward will be
worth it, I promise. "

           " Very well. You are a foolish girl, Mary, if you think you can defy
me. I will now finish your titty slapping, but clearly the previous blows were
not hard enough. When I have finished, you will beg for permission to suck me,
or I will turn my attention to your lilly-white thighs. I'm sure that they would
look very enticing if I beat them to an angry red so that they matched your
tits. " I stood up and ran my fingers across her shoulders to the base of her
tits. I grasped them firmly around the base, then shook them firmly. Her boob
flesh wobbled in my grip, until I released them and ran my hands all over the
bruised skin. She gasped as I grabbed her nipples between thumb and forefinger,
stretching them as far as I could before letting them go and watching them
bounce back.

           " I think your poor nipples are jealous Mary. I think perhaps they
need a firm spanking as well. "  I held her left boob firmly in my hand,
squeezing hard so that her already erect nipple was pushed up even more
prominantly. I whacked the rosy bud flush with the flat of the ruler. The scream
was immediate and loud. ' Slap' ,'slap' , 'slap' . I laid 3 more down on the
same spot, causing my defiant young miss to really open her lungs. But this was
gonna freak out the neighbours. " Well that certainly got your attention. I'm
gonna have to gag you until these last 8 are delivered. I grabbed a footy sock
from my drawer while we whimpered miserably.

           " Please Master .... sniff, sniff .... please .... you dont ....
gulp, sniff .... you don't have to gag me .... I'll try to be brave .... "

           " Sorry Mary. I can't have the neighbours calling the police. Just
until I'm finished with your nipples .... "  With that, I leaned down and pushed
the padded sock into her mouth. When I was sure that she couldn't spit it out, I
returned to her boobs. Christ they looked beautiful. This time I grabbed her
right boob, and watching her body tense, bought it down firmly on target. I
heard a muffled sound as the next slap hit home, and the next. I probably went
too far, but I gave her all 6 to that poor nipple. One after another. Even with
the gag I could hear her scream, so I decided to quickly finish. Returning to
the left boob, I grabbed the hot, red flesh and delivered 3 very quick blows to
the already bruised nipple. Mary was thrashing against her bonds, and I suddenly
panicked that she might be choking. I quickly pulled out the sock, and as she
sucked down deep breaths, she moaned and coughed. I untied her hands and pulled
her up on to the bed properly. Her hands gingerly rubbed her titties, carefully
avoiding touching the nipples. Her breathing was better now, not quite so
shallow and rapid.

            " Let go of your breasts please Mary, I did not give you permission
to rub them."

            " Sorry Master. May I speak ? "

            " You may, but if I don't like what I hear, you shall be retied and
I shall begin a new set of 60 around here .... "  I slid my hand up her thigh
until the tips of my fingers were touching the lips of her pussy.

            " I have learned my lesson Master. Thankyou for spanking my titties,
I know now that all I want to do is please you. I need your cock in my mouth,
NOW. Please Master. I want to lick and suck you till you fill my mouth with your
beautiful come. I want you to shove it deep into my throat until I have all of
it inside me. Please Master, don't make me wait any longer. "

            " I'm not sure I believe you Mary. Perhaps I should gag you and give
your thighs a good thrashing .... maybe even a few spanks around this area ....
"  I ran the flat of my hand over her exposed pussy, causing her to tense up.

            " Please Master. Please let me have your cock now. I know that I
deserve to have my pussy and thighs whipped, but first please let me taste your
cock. Look at it. Its so hard and swollen ....  It needs to be kissed and sucked
....  Maybe I could make it spurt all over my poor red boobies ....  I'm sure
that if I rubbed your come into my titties they would feel much better .... "

            My cock made the decision for me. It twitched in agreement, and who
am I to argue. " You may suck my cock. But do a very, very good job Mary. I
don't want to have to stop you halfway and spank your pussy to remind you to try
hard."

            " You won't be sorry Master. What position would you like me in
Master."

            " Lie between my legs so I can watch you."

            I untied Marys' ankles and she stood up. I lay on my back as she
kneeled between my legs. The tips of her hair brushed against my straining cock,
causing a slight moan to escape me. She grasped my cock firmly at the base as
she leaned down and gently kissed it. Looking me in the eye, she stuck out her
tongue and swirled it  around and around the engorged knob. I groaned again as
she lowered her mouth and began to use her lips to lightly wank the twitching
pole. I could feel her tongue lashing the eye of my cock as her slips started to
slide futher down the head with each stroke. Deeper and deeper she went, I could
feel my knob hitting some part of her throat with each bob of her head. She had
at least three quarters of my full length sliding into her mouth now, but it
seemed she had reached her limit. Not that I cared. Already I knew I was close
to coming, it felt soooooooo good !

             Suddenly, she released my cock and sat up. " Master ? "

             " What ? Why did you stop ? "

             " I'm sorry Master, but I can't take it all in this position. I
thought that if I lied where you are and you sit on my chest and sort of feed it
to me, I could get it all. I REALLY want it ALL Master ! "

             Good enough for me. I changed positions quickly, climbing on top of
Mary with my thighs just resting on her still red titties. She pulled me forward
and opened her mouth. I watched my cock slide between her lips, and began a
gentle fucking motion with my hips. It felt like I had died and gone to heaven.
I kept pushing deeper and deeper into her throat. 2 or 3 times I heard and saw
her gag, but she didn't give up and suddenly I felt my balls hit her chin. Every
inch. Somehow that little mouth had swallowed every inch of me. I lost control
and started to fuck her mouth more urgently. I was pulling back till all but an
inch was left in her, then sliding all the way back till her nose was against my
lower belly. I felt my orgasm coming like a fucking train, and pulled out of her
mouth. I had started to squirt my first load as I grabbed my cock and wanked it
hard, aiming squirt after squirt all over Marys' boobs. I let out a huge moan as
I watched my come splatter all over her crimson tits and stiff nipples. I looked
down to see Marys' face shining with sweat, a spray of sticky white come running
down the side of her nose and cheek. I collapsed next to her as she raised
herself on one elbow, calmly wiped the come off her face with a dainty
forefinger, and very deliberatly opened her mouth and sucked her finger dry.
Lowering her hand to her come smeared boobs, she started to rub the come all
over her red mounds. She rubbed it into her nipples, and every inch of her
titties till they glistened under the light. " Thankyou Master, can we cuddle up
for a rest now ? Then maybe we could get you hard again, and this time you
caould put it in my pussy, if that would please you."

            " Jesus Mary, I would love to, but what if you got, you know,
pregnant ? "

            " I have been on the pill for 4 months. The doctor put me on it
because I was getting really sick when I got my period. The pill stops me
getting so ill, but it also means that we can do it .... whenever you want to of
course."

           I told her to go and have a shower, but she refused unless I had one
with her. So in we got, and I hadn't guessed how beautiful her body would feel
once it was all lathered up with soap. I just ran my hands all over her boobs,
tummy, ass and legs. Finally I washed her pussy, and I heard her moan and saw
her eyes close. I found her little button, and rubbed it as her breathing got
shallower and little whines and mews told me she was gonna come. I was soon to
discover that she could come over and over if I made the effort. Lucky thing.
Soon she cried out and squeezed her thighs as she hit orgasm. She threw her arms
around me and kissed me hard.

          " Thankyou baby, God I love you. Lets go and lie down."

          As we lay in each others arms, I decided that for the next few times
that we saw each other, there would be no punishments for her. I felt such love
and gratitude toward her that I didn't feel right hurting her for my selfish
pleasure. Instead, we would make love until I couldn't do it anymore. And with
those thoughts, I fell into a peaceful sleep ....




                       Chapter 3 --- Surprises, Thrills, and more Surprises



          The following Saturday I got home from playing football at about
3o'clock. I had finished my shower and had just flicked on the television when
the intercom buzzed and my Mum put a phone call through. It was Mary. She was
obviously excited, and asked me how I would feel about her staying the whole
night at my place. Naturally I would love it I said, but how did she propose we
explain it to her parents  ?

          " We could do it tonight if you really wanted to. But there is a small
catch." I asked how small this 'catch' is. " My friend Kelly would have to stay
as well. See, we stay at each others houses all the time. Our parents don't even
bother to check any more. So Kelly will tell my Mum that I'm staying at her
house, and I'll tell her Mum that she is staying at mine. Then we can stay at
your place .... please Simon, Kelly is really nice and she won't be a bother. Of
course, if you don't want to .... but I'm feeling soooo hot for you, my pussy is
getting all wet .... I thought you might want to fuck me tonight, but maybe you
like being a virgin."

           " Alright already. I suppose I better let you then. I don't want to
leave you alone with a wet pussy, you'd probably force your poor friend to lick
you till her tongue got cramp."  I threw that last line in as casually as I
could, just a little joke between friends. Except of course that Mary knew more
about boys and their little fantasies than I did. I winced as the seconds ticked
over in silence. Gripped by the terror that I had fucked up everything, I
blurted out " Mary ? I was just joking, I promise baby .... oh come on, you
can't get shitty with me over a joke .... okay baby, I'm really sorry, it was a
stupid joke and not funny at all .... Mary ? Oh shit baby, talk to me, please."

           There was an explosion of high-pitched laughter down the line. And
there was more than one voice. I felt myself turning scarlett and was thankful
no one was there to see it.

           " God, he's so cute, thats just adorable."

           " Sshhh."

           " Who else is there ? "

           "  Relax darling, I meant to tell you I'm on speaker phone and
Kellys' here. Don't get so defensive Simon, girls have senses of humour too you
know. We know a perfectly innocent joke when we hear one, don't we Kelly."

           " Of course we do. Oh, hi Simon, I'm Kelly."

           " Oh .... yeah .... hi,"

           " So we'll see you in about an hour, okay babe ? "

           " Sure, no problem. Come around the side gate so my mother doesn't
see you, I don't want her or my sister knowing that I'm letting girls hand
around with me, no offence babe."

           " Your such a big tough boy, aren't you my darling. Can't have people
thinking you like girls, they'll think your a poof. Bye."

           I heard them giggling again as they hung up. Cheeky bitch. Once again
I reflected upon the absurdity of our Master / Slave game. She was the real
Master, and had been ever since she bent over my knee. I had been thrilled at
her submission, but of course, it was me that had really submitted. She deserved
a bloody spanking for teasing me in front of her friend, though I could hardly
spank her with her friend 20 feet away. Oh well, next weekend she I would tie
her up and do what I had been dying to do. Give the front and insides of her
thighs a spanking, and finish off by spanking her hot little pussy. I felt my
cock start to stiffen at the thought ..........

            About an hour and a half later there was a knock at the sliding
door. I opened it and Mary flung herself on me, kissing me hard and sticking her
busy tongue half way down my throat. She finally released me, and stepped back
with a happy smile on her face. " Mmmmm, I've missed you. Oh, hey, this is my
friend Kelly." She moved to one side and Kelly walked in.

            Now I believe that I mentioned earlier in this narrative that I
rarely if ever spoke to girls. My opinion of them generally had not changed 
just because I had fallen for Mary. To me Mary was something wonderous and
magical, not a girl. And if there was one kind of girl that made me
uncomfortable more than any other, it was impossably pretty, tall, leggy blond
ones that dressed in short skirts and skimpy tops. Especially when they had
piercing blue eyes and large breasts. The sort of girls that had boyfriends so
old that they picked them up from school in cars. The sort that looked at blokes
like me as if we were something disgusting they had discovered on the soles of
their shoes ....

            I had no problem with this type of girl. I had a foolproof plan for
dealing with them. Never speak to them. When they were gathering in numbers,
make sure never to walk too close to them. Never make eye contact. And if they
ever spoke to me, which was rare, [ and was always something along the lines of
' can you pick up ..... for me, or ' have you got any notes from yesterdays ....
class,' coupled with a dazzling smile that melted to an icy disdain once said
request was obeyed ] , do as you are asked quickly and with enthusiasm, then
slink away.

            So I had no defensive strategy to rely upon when Kelly slowly
inspected me from head to toe before the dazzling smile switched on and she
stuck out  her hand. I was struck dumb. What should I do ? What did she want ? I
was way too smart to think that she wanted to shake my hand ....

           Kellys' smile turned to one of amusement. " You can shake my hand, I
don't bite." The smile changed again. This time, it was like the smiles of the
girls in Penthouse magazine when they were touching themselves. " Unless your
very, very lucky."  Then she burst out laughing and grabbed my hand. She shook
it longer than seemed absolutely necessary, and as she released it, her fingers
ran down my palm. I could feel the heat in rise to my face, and I knew I was
blushing like a beacon.

           " Hey Kell, go easy on him. He's not used to sharks like you. Come
here baby, I'll protect you from her." Again the two of them fell about
laughing. The situation was desperate. A brilliant idea flashed into my brain.
Escape.

           " Who wants a drink ? " I said over my shoulder as I walked around
the corner to the fridge.

           " Great, I'd love one. Thanks."

           " How about you Mary ? "

           " Thanks babe, its hot out there."

           When I returned with 2 cold glasses the girls were sitting on my bed
with their backs against the wall. Trying to remain composed, I gave Mary hers,
then walked around to the other side of the bed to give Kelly the other one. I
didn't want to stand around like an idiot, so I walked to the telly, grabbed the
remote, flicked on the football, and sat down on the chair at my desk. I saw
Kelly lean across and whisper something to Mary. I suddenly felt out-numbered,
out-witted and frightened. Why was Kelly here. What did these 15 - going - on -
25 year old girls do for fun ? " Perhaps they were like vampires, feeding on
young blokes set up for them by assistants. That would explain a lot. Why did
Mary choose me ? She had never really answered that to my satisfaction. Where
did she learn the sexual techniques she had used on me ? It was clear to me now.
My life was in danger, I should run to Mum as fast as I could ....

             " Simon, come over and sit down with us. I need to talk to you
about something." I looked up at her, and she smiled and patted the bed between
her and Kelly. Too late, they had me now. I was unable to resist their deadly
charms. I walked across to the bottom of the bed, then began to crawl up the
mattress, intending to sit where I had been ordered.

            I tried not to look. But I was bewitched. Kellys' skirt had slid up
almost to her panty line, and once I began to get on the bed, she bought her
left leg up to her chest. I watched as the milky white insides of her thighs
were exposed, then I stopped breathing as her legs parted slightly and her black
panties came into view. Somehow I could see the lips of her pussy outlined
through the material.

            Somehow I managed to tear my eyes away and get my body to move me up
alongside the girls. But I knew I was gone. They had both seen me stop and
stare, there was no bluffing my way out of it. Mary leaned into me and kissed me
several times. I waited for the slap from her, but it never came. She slid down
the bed and rested her head in my lap, looking first at me, then at Kelly. As if
drawn by a magnet, my head turned to Kelly despite my embarrasment. Instead of
anger or distaste, her expression was one of serene happiness.

            " Simon, I have a confession to make ' said Mary, stroking my upper
thigh. " You remember I told you that I had a friend whose Dad had dirty movies
? And that it was by watching them that I learned how to do those things you
like ? Well that isn't quite true. Oh shit , Kelly, help me out please.

            " Sure baby."  Kelly lifted her hand to my cheek and lifted my face
until our eyes met. " Mary and I are more than just friends Simon. We were both
adopted from the same orphanage, Mary when she was 10, me when I was 11."

           " Paul .... nobody told me, I'm sorry .... "

           " Its okay, not too many people know. Anyway, the man who ran the
facility we lived in had some rather .... unpleasant hobbies. He liked little
girls, if you know what I mean. For 4 years Mary and I were his playthings. He
liked to spank us until he was excited, then make us do things .... he liked us
to give him oral sex. At first it was just a game. He would undress us and spank
our bottoms until they were red, then kiss the area he had spanked and let us go
to bed. But the spankings got more severe, and and he began to teach us how to
wank him till he came. Then instead of our bottoms he would smack our thighs,
until eventually he introduced us to pussy spankings. And hand wanks were no
longer enough, so he taught us to suck his cock instead. For the last 12 months
or so, he began to flog us with belts, wooden spoons, then finally, whips that
he had made. We had both learnt to orgasm when we were very young, and he would
lessen the severity of the floggings if we .... played with each other while he
watched.

              " My God, what have I done. Mary why did you let me .... oh christ
.... "  . I felt dirty and depraved. Suddenly the things I had done to Mary
played through my mind. They were terrible, awful things .... how could I have
taken pleasure in them ? . I tried to get up but Mary held me round the waist
and Kelly put her arms around me and held me with surprising strength.. Please
baby, listen to Kelly, there is more to the story .... "  She was on her knees
now, and she grabbed my face and turned it to face her. " I love you Simon, you
are a decent, kind person. And everything we have done I have enjoyed even more
than you. I started this, remember ? Listen to Kelly baby, just listen." She
nodded to Kelly, who continued to stroke my face as she continued.

               " Come on now Simon" she said in a firm voice, " pull yourself
together and let me finish. Mary and I slept together every night, and we began
to comfort each other in different ways. Sexual ways. But that's enough of the
unpleasant stuff. We were both adopted by wonderful, loving families. And we
have stayed very, very close ever since. We are still lovers Simon. We always
will be, no-one could ever seperate us. But we share something else as well. We
like to do the same sort of things together that you and Mary do. Do you
understand what I'm saying ? "

               " I .... think so .... do you mean like sex things .... or the
.... other stuff ? "

               " The other stuff. We both love to be dominated, to be ....
punished, I guess you would call it. We take it in turns to be the slave or
whatever, depending on which game we are playing. Sometimes its the headmistress
and the naughty schoolgirl. Sometimes its the Queen and the slave girl. Or the
Gestapo and the captured spy. We do this not because we're sick, or perverted.
We do it because it brings us great pleasure. But we have never involved anyone
else. Recently though, we have both felt more and more that we wanted to involve
a boy in our games. Not just any boy, but someone who had never done anything
like this before. Someone we could teach from scratch, if you like." She smiled
at me, and again I was struck by her astonishing beauty.

            " So we needed someone who was honest, someone kind and thoughtful
and trustworthy. Now Mary here has had her eye on you for some time, and despite
our agreement not to do anything without the other persons knowledge and
consent, she seduced you with the 'naughty girl who needs to be spanked'
routine." She smiled at Mary and stroked her face. " You never had a chance. I
doubt there is a man alive that could resist Mary when she puts on her
submissive little girl bit. And once she leaned over your knee and you took down
her pants, well, you know what her bottom is like. Hook, line and sinker. So,
are you gonna be okay with this. You're not a dirty old child molester. In fact,
we are both older than you ..... mmmmmmm ..... I guess that makes you a dirty
old woman Mary."

             " The dirtiest. Simon, will you let Kelly play with us. Please ? "

             " Mary, this is all .... I don't know .... hard to get my head
around. I'm kinda in shock."

             Mary giggled suddenly. " You were in shock when you looked up
Kellys' skirt. I bet she pushed the crutch of her knickers up inside herself so
that you could see the outline of her pussy lips. She really does have a
beautiful pussy though. Here, come and have a look with me."  Mary pushed Kelly
onto her back, and pulled my arm until we were sitting between Kellys' legs. She
leaned forward and rolled Kells' skirt up over her knickers. Kelly helped by
lifting her ass off the bed.

             " Pull her panties down. Go on, it's a really nice pussy." Shaking
like a leaf, I put my hands on her knees and slowly slid them up her thighs. I
let my thumbs brush over her mound as my hands headed for the waistband of her
knickers. Once my fingers were tucked inside the elastic, I slowly pulled them
down. Once again, her bottom raised to make it easier. I exposed a neatly
trimmed blond ' landing strip ' , [ although I didn't know that term then. ] but
I closed my eyes as I slid them down to her knees, then her ankles, then off
completely.

             Looking up, Kelly had her legs crossed tightly together. " Mary, if
he wants to see my pussy, I want to see his cock. " Mary pulled me off the bed,
and ordered me to strip. That took about half a second. Unsurprisingly my cock
was already hard, and it stood to attention, pointing to Marys' belly. Mary
grabbed it, and led me around to Kellys' side of the bed. " There, you've seen
it. Now open your fucking legs. No, first kneel up here. NOW." Kelly did as she
was told, as I watched and listened in wonder. " Arms up bitch, are you trying
to be difficult ? "

            " No Ma'am."  Kelly raised her arms above her head, and Mary lifted
her top straight off. I had assumed that because Kellys tits were so big, and
sitting so high on her chest  her cleavage was 5 inches long, that she was
wearing a low cut bra. She wasn't. If Marys boobs were like grapefruits, Kellys
were goddam melons. Huge, firm, heavy melons. Her arms dropped to her sides, and
before I could blink, Mary slapped her across the face. " I didn't tell you to
put your arms down. I think you need a little reminder about whose in charge."
My cock was still in Marys' firm grasp, and she turned to me with fire in her
eyes. " You. Slap this little sluts tits like this." She swung her arm upwards
with the hand open and slapped the white underside of Kellys left breast. Her
hand sunk into firm flesh and sent the whole boob flying upwards. The loud
'whap' was unlike any sound I had got from spanking Mary, but I had no time to
dwell on it. The spanked boob reached maximum stretch, then sprang back to its
normal position. But the flesh continued to jiggle for what seemed like 10
seconds. Not a sound came from Kelly, though it had to hurt. There was an
obvious pink mark where Marys' hand had connected with the previously white
skin. My cock was bursting at the seams, how was she able to continue to make
every minute with her more exciting than the one before it. I had never seen
this side of her, and it was frighteningly sexy.

              " I said slap the bitch, hurry up before I change my mind and have
her slap your balls instead." She twisted her grip on my cock as she spoke for
added emphasis, and it actually hurt. My momma didn't raise no fools. " Yes
Ma'am."

              " Five to each tit. Make them hard or you'll be sorry "

              " I moved in front of Kelly, opened my hand, and swung my arm hard
at the magnificent target of her left breast. ' Whap. ' Just as Marys' blow had
done, Kellys titty flew up and down then jiggled to a halt. My God, I felt my
hand press deep into the flesh and the thought alone pumped another 10 pounds
per square inch of pressure into my cock. I swung again, noticing that her
nipples, which I had been admiring for their stiffness and size, were still
growing larger. I alternated the blows between her breasts, so excited now that
I was having difficulty staying on my feet. With 2 blows remaining to each boob,
I suddenley heard a loud crack, followed by a sharp hot pain on my ass.

              " I said hit hard. I want to hear this cunts' pain. Get it right
for these last 4 or you WILL be very sorry." I stepped back half a pace, lined
up her left tit, and swung with as much strength as I could raise. My hand dug
deep into her, and the breast flew up with so much force that the nipple was
flatened against her jaw. Kelly screamed this time. It must have been
agonisingly painful. I laid 3 more like that, seriously worrying that the whole
breast might tear off her chest and hit the roof. The last 2 produced the kind
of screams that almost made me tell Mary that we had gone too far. Kelly was
crying hard, and her arms were shaking from the pain, and the effort of keeping
them raised.

             " Better. Much better. Now get out of the way so I can inspect the
damage to these puppies. You may drop your arms now bitch."  Mary pinched
Kellys' left nipple and stretched it upwards. The poor girl whimpered and fresh
tears fell down her face as Mary inspected the bruised and crimson flesh. She
turned her attention to the other breast, again pinching and stretching the
nipple cruelly. For all my pity though, the excitement at what I had just done
was sending me into a frenzy. I wanted to come. Badly. But it was obvious that
if I said anything out loud, this new, psychopathic Mary might well cut my dick
off.

              " You got off lightly this time slave. The next time I will not be
so lenient."

              " Thankyou Ma'am."  Mary leaned down and ran her tongue over
Kellys' nipples, then sucked first one then the other. Without a word, her lips
sought out Kellys, and for a minute or more they licked and nibbled and kissed
each other in the first lesbian kiss I had ever seen.

              " Almost time to get a good look at your cunt my dear. But first,
I think you should thank Simon for doing such a good job on your breasts, don't
you."

              " May I give his cock a little suck Ma'am."

              " You may. I think 2 minutes will be sufficient."

              " Thankyou Ma'am."

              " Come here Simon. Present your cock to Kelly so that she may
thank you properly for her beating. One word of warning though. If you have any
feelings for this slave, do not come. If you do, I will flog her pussy until she
passes out. Do you understand ? "

              " Yes Ma'am."

              " Begin,"

              " Thankyou for beating my breasts so firmly Simon."

              I bought my cock up to her mouth, and nearly came before she even
got her lips around me. She shook her hair out of her eyes, then holding my
gaze, ran her tongue across her teeth. She was indescribably beautiful. And she
was about to suck my cock. Her eyes never left mine as her tongue darted out and
pushed against the eye of my cock, then slowly traced around the swollen head. I
groaned and my cock twitched as if 240 volts had been shot through it. I wasn't
gonna make it. She slowly closed her eyes, then slipped her lips over the head
and down the shaft. I groaned again, loudly, and said something like " Oh fuck
.... jesus fucking christ .... yeah bitch, suck it , suck my hard cock...."  You
get the idea. Her tongue thrashed away as she she slid up and down my rock hard
pole, getting deeper with each bob of her head.

               Just as I hit a point of ectasy higher than any I had experienced
before, I felt hands on my ass cheeks. They slowly parted them , and I felt
Marys tongue slide across my asshole. Kelly was taking my whole length now,
sliding up and down so slowly I wanted to scream. The probing tongue was now
pushing into the opening and I just flipped. I grabbed a handful of Kellys hair
on each side of her head, yelled out a warning, then slammed my cock deep down
her throat. My hips were bucking in a frenzy as I fucked her mouth like a
madman. I felt Marys' hand grab my balls, and with an animal scream, blew my
load into Kellys mouth, her nose hitting my belly as I squirted what must have
been gallons of come down her throat. I could hear myself making a noise like an
animal as I shuddered and spasmed until I was dry. I released Kellys hair,
pulled my cock from her mouth, and collapsed on the bed. I thought my lungs were
gonna explode as I lay their totally spent.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Simon Crowther


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





