BDSM Library - Fuck Thing




Fuck Thing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The sorority president is blackmailed into slavery.
Fuck Thing 
by Couture and Erica

(FF, humiliation, ws, anal)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********

It was a sorority room, much like any other, only this 
one was a little larger.  After all, Kim was the head 
of her sorority and the honor came with a larger room.  
A private room, but that was no longer the case.  Now 
there were tow girls, both of whom where busy studying 
for their respective tests.  Nothing appeared out of 
the ordinary about the black girl laying on the bed, 
propped up on a pillow, with her book on her lap.  
However, something was just not quite right with the 
pretty blonde.  She was sitting entirely too straight 
on the hard wooden chair.  

"Hey Kimmy," the black girl said.  "How about fetching 
my sociology book for me?"

Kim looked at the Teresa's book bag lying right next 
to the girl on the bed.  She could feel her anger 
boiling to the surface.  Black bitch!  She hated being 
called 'Kimmy', she hated being treated like a 
servant, and she damned sure had good reason not to 
want to get up, but she knew better than to argue.  
Her eyebrows knitted in anguish as she slowly and 
carefully lifted her rear-end from her seat.  The 
reason for her distress soon became apparent.  There, 
hidden beneath her skirt, was a large black dildo, 
fixed to the chair, and buried deeply in tight 
recesses of her hot tight little college girl ass.

"Hurry up bitch," Teresa said snidely.  "I don't have 
all day."

Kim gave a groan and renewed her efforts; her legs 
trembled as she raised herself - up and off the dildo 
that held her impaled on the wooden chair.  She 
fumbled around in Teresa's book bag until she found 
the sociology book and then handed it to the 
domineering girl.  "Here you are Miss," Kim said as 
meekly as she could.  

"Good girl," Teresa said.  "Just sit it down right 
there."  She pointed down to spot only inches away 
from the book bag.  

Kim did so with an inward sigh, and then walked back 
to her chair.  A strained expression painted her face 
and a low groan growled deep in her throat, as she 
slowly lowered herself on the dildo sticking up 
obscenely from the chair.  The growl turned into a 
long guttural wail as the huge latex cock slid slowly 
up her ass; stretching and filling her, stuffing her 
to the hilt.  Eventually, her thighs came to rest on 
the hard wooden chair, her smooth ivory ass 
successfully engulfing the large black phallus.  Sweat 
dappled her forehead, as she draped her skirt over the 
chair in case anyone came in.  She tried once again to 
forget her distress and resume her studies.  

But try as she might, her mind kept wandering from the 
book and returning to her present situation.  Here she 
was; president of her sorority, - speared - impaled - 
mounted to her chair like some sort of animal.  
Fetching things for her nigger roommate and worse - oh 
so much worse.  And the worse part was; she had only 
herself to blame.  

After all, she was the one who had suggested bringing 
a little color into the sorority.  Not like a real 
member or anything - just a token black girl.  Let her 
pledge long enough to let the other sororities see 
that they were open minded about such things.  Then 
they would put enough pressure on the girl during the 
pledge process to make her drop out.  Oh, and did they 
have a lot of fun planned for her before that 
happened.  

However, nothing worked out like she had planned.  And 
those damn smoothies that Teresa started making were 
to blame.  They weren't just any smoothies, they were 
diet smoothies.  All the girls were drinking them and 
they all lost weight.  Kim most of all.  Not only was 
she losing weight, Kim had never felt better in her 
life.  The shakes were like liquid energy, and Kim 
could study for hours and party all night.  She 
started to crave them more often.  It was then that 
she asked Teresa for the recipe, so she could make her 
own.  That way she could still have them when Teresa 
eventually quit the pledge process.

"First," Teresa said.  "Make me a member."

"I'm sure you will be," Kim lied.  "But you know you 
have to pledge just like everyone else."

"Make me a member," Teresa insisted.  "You know you 
can do it."

"Sure," Kim said.  Sure she was lying, but who would 
believe a poor ignorant black girl over the sorority 
president.

"And I want stay in your room.  I don't like being 
cramped up with all those freshman bitches."

Kim had finally had enough.  "No, you'll tell me the 
recipe, or else I'll make things hard for you.  Real 
hard."  She was already making it real hard, but she 
was certain she could make it even harder on the 
arrogant nigger who didn't seem to know here place.  
Oh, but she would learn, and it wouldn't take long.

"Bitch, you don't know what hard is."  Teresa got 
right in the sorority president's face, her eyes 
flashed menacingly.  "But you're about to find out."

Kim backed away.  She knew she was no match for the 
larger black girl.  Besides, who knew how many fights 
someone like that had been in.  She probably even had 
a knife.  

"Get back where you were bitch," Teresa spat. 

"No."  Kim was seeking a way out.  Get help and get 
this criminal out of here.

"Get back right now or I'll turn you in for the 
cocaine."

"What?" Kim exclaimed incredulously.  Cocaine?  Never.  
The black bitch had clearly lost her mind.

"The cocaine, bitch," Teresa said.  "What do you think 
you've been drinking in those shakes?"

No!  She wouldn't!  Couldn't have!  But deep down Kim 
knew the truth.  God, how could she have been so 
stupid?  The energy.  The weightloss.  The lightheaded 
orgasmic feeling.  "But you can't prove-"

"I can prove it all right," Teresa said.  "It's in 
your bloodstream.  It's also in your room.  Think of 
the headlines.  Head girl is a coke head."

"No," Kim gasped.  What would her parents think?  What 
about her friends?  "Oh God no!"

"Now, get back where you were," Teresa demanded, 
pointing down at the floor where Kim had stood moments 
ago.

Kim stepped back in front of the black girl.  She was 
sweating and scared by the physical presence the other 
girl.

"Now I want you to make me a sister," Teresa said.  
"And you *will* share your room with me, understand?"

"Yes," Kim squeaked.   She tried not to move; her lips 
were almost touching Teresa's.  

"It's yes Miss Porter or yes ma'am, from now on," 
Teresa said.  "At least when we are alone.  You 
understand me bitch?"

"Y-yes Miss Porter," Kim stammered.  "B-but, what will 
I tell the other girls?"

Teresa smiled.  She knew she had won.  "Oh, I'm sure 
you will think of something."

And Kim did.  It was controversial, but Teresa was 
made a full fledged sister and moved in with Kim 
within two weeks.

***************


"Oops," Teresa said.  "I forgot to ask you for a 
highlighter.  I think there's one in your desk."

Kim gasped and her face winced as she slowly raised 
herself off the dildo mounted to her chair.  It was 
getting dry and it was much more difficult, but 
finally she succeeded and brought the highlighter.  
She was beginning to grow flushed with arousal.  This 
was the fifth time in so many minutes she was forced 
to rape her own ass for her lover's amusement.   She 
tried to think of it as being lovers, but it was hard, 
oh so hard with the way she was treated.

Teresa wrinkled her nose in disgust.  "Bitch, your 
little cunt is stinking up the room," she warned.

"I'm sorry Miss Porter, I can't help being such a - 
such a . . . horny s-slut," Kim said, and blushed with 
humiliation.  God, how she hated the way she smelled.  
She was always afraid that other people smelled her, 
smelled the musky scent of her arousal.  Teresa never 
let her wear anything but the shortest of skirts, and 
she had been made to burn all her underthings herself.

"Show it to me," Teresa said.  "Let's see how much you 
enjoy this."

But I hate this, I truly do, Kim thought to herself, 
even as she lifted the hem of her skirt with one hand, 
spread her legs wide, and thrust out her pelvis.  Her 
pink lips were displayed, unable to hide behind their 
natural covering.  Those blonde curly locks rested in 
a shot glass on Teresa's shelf.  Taking her nether 
lips between forefinger and thumb, Kim displayed her 
most private treasure.  Bared her wet sex and obvious 
arousal to the bitch that had ruined her life.  

"Oh yeah," Teresa said.  "You are pure slut.  I can't 
believe none of your rich friends knows it yet."

To tell the truth, Kim couldn't believe it either.  
They had come in while she was mounted on the chair a 
few times.  God, surely they could smell her.  But, 
she remained there on her perch, and got them out of 
the room before they found out her shameful secret.  

"Go on," Teresa said, motioning to the seat.  "Get 
back on it."


Kim reluctantly turned and returned to her chair.  
Taking a huge breath of air, she positioned herself 
over the cock and squeezed her eyes shut in pain as 
she forced the cock deep into her ass again.  "Please 
ma'am, it's getting dry," she whimpered.  

"So," Teresa said, shrugging her shoulders.  "You want 
me to get my own stuff from now on?  Is that what 
you're telling me?"

"No Miss," Kim shook her head from side to side.  
Please don't get mad, she prayed in vain.  She already 
recognized Teresa's sadistic glare.  She was going to 
be punished.

Teresa stood up, stepped out of her panties, and then 
walked over to the seated girl, straddled the chair in 
reverse and proceeded to look through the books on the 
shelf.  "Let's see, what was it I wanted . . ."  She 
scanned the books, arching her back, and sticking her 
plump ass into Kim's face; wedging her pale white nose 
into her brown crinkled asshole.  "No I don't think it 
was one of these, do you?"

Kim didn't need any directions.  She began to lightly 
kiss Teresa's damp sex, always mindful to keep her 
nose firmly pressed into the black girl's asshole.  

"Ahhh," Teresa moaned, her nipples throbbed with need, 
reminding her that her slave needed to be punished.  
"Oh yeah, that reminds me."  She opened up a drawer 
and retrieved the two items she wanted.  Two nipple 
clamps, which she proceeded to clip on the firm pink 
flesh of Kim's hard crinkled nubs.  

"You've got me hot, you white cunt slut," she said, 
taking a small vial of white powder from the drawer.  
"You want a toot?"

 "Yes, Miss," Kim whimpered, careful to keep her eyes 
low and subservient.  Inside Kim battled with herself.  
Mentally, she didn't want to, knew that it kept her 
wrapped around the finger of the cruel nigger bitch, 
but physically she felt the yearning.  It wasn't as if 
she had a choice.  Teresa was going to make her sniff 
the cocaine anyway.  Knew it was what kept the prissy 
white bitch under control.  Kim knew from experience 
that doing it voluntarily would be the less painful 
route.

"You don't sound like you want it," Teresa said.

"Oh please," Kim begged.  "I need it."  She didn't 
have to put on an act.  She truly did crave it.  She 
knew that it would deaden the pain the clamps were 
causing her nipples and relieve the constant 
humiliation she endured.

"Are you my little white crack whore?" teased Teresa.

Kim burned with humiliation.  Dear Lord, how much 
further could she sink?  She nodded her head in shame.  
Tears welled in her eyes, making the shine brightly.

"Say it."

"I-I'm your little white c-crack w-whore," Kim sobbed 
as her tears became a river.

Teresa smiled as she took out a tiny vial of white 
powder.  It had been expensive, but it was well worth 
the cost.  She would have paid double to have enslaved 
the stuck-up white princess that was firmly in her 
power.  She turned back around and leaned forward, her 
bottom facing the sorority president.

"Spread my cheeks bitch," she ordered.

Kim complied, bringing her roommate's sex and rosebud 
into view.  She watched in horror as her black 
roommate took out a tiny spoonful of white powder and 
sprinkled it the crack of her ass.

"Do it," Teresa growled.  "Do it you fucking crack 
whore."

Kim prayed for someone to take her out of her misery, 
rescue her from this cruel nigger bitch.  Tears fell 
from her cheeks as she bent down to the altar of brown 
flesh.  She was filled with shame, not only for what 
she was doing, but also for the simple fact that she 
was turned on.  Her body begged for attention.  She 
brought her nose above the tiny crinkled hole and took 
a long sniff.

Oh, God!  Liquid pleasure burned through her brain.  

"You are a true crack whore now, you know that Kimmy?" 
Teresa laughed.  "Heh-heh, I think you missed some."

It didn't matter anymore to Kim.  The humiliation 
dissolved.  She pressed her nose in between the two 
dark moons and sniffed.  In the back of her mind she 
knew what it smelled of and what came out of the dirty 
hole, but she didn't care.  She even stuck her tongue 
and licked the brown girl from her pussy all the way 
back up to her crinkled rosebud.

Teresa's fingers played over her sex.  "Oh that's it.  
Oh God, you are really doing it.  You are eating my 
ass.  Fuck, oh that's it.  Do it. Lick my ass you 
white whore."  She lay there for awhile, basking in 
pleasure as the white society slut worshipped her ass.  
Finally, she had enough and wanted more.  Wanted to 
feel something in her cunt and a soft pink tongue 
licking her clit.

"Get up bitch and get the strapon," Teresa said.

Kim shot up from her chair.  The dildo in her ass came 
out with a plop.  She opened up the drawer to find a 
double headed strap-on dildo. One cock could be 
inserted into the fucker while another hung obscenely, 
waiting to impale the fuckee.   

Poor Kim was so delirious from the burning in her 
loins and from the buzzing in her brain that she 
quickly shoved one end into her gushing sex, fucking 
herself with the fake cock.  She was oblivious to the 
outraged stares of her black Mistresses.  

Teresa stepped over to her and delivered a stinging 
blow, snapping her back to reality with a slap to her 
clamped tit.  Her head snapped up and her eyes locked 
with Teresa's dark burning glare, realizing she had 
made a big mistake; way too late to avoid the 
consequences.  The rubber cock now dangled uselessly 
as Kim quickly laced her hands behind her head to 
receive more tit slaps if that is whatTeresa intended 
for her.  

Kim dared not look away from Teresa and couldn't hide 
her tears when the blows began to rain down on her 
helpless tits.  Her nipples were swollen to twice 
their size and the teeth of the alligator clamps bit 
into her mercilessly.  Every slap shot through her 
like a jolt of electricity and, as pain turned to 
pleasure, Kim became increasingly aware of the cock 
still buried in her hot pussy.   

Adding insult to injury, Kim had unconsciously begun 
bending her hips and then flexing her ass, her 
movements increasing in speed until she was 
effectively fucking herself- without permission- 
brazenly defying her Mistress but helpless to stop, 
seconds away from orgasm.  

"Look at you, you filthy white slut!  Fucking your 
sloppy pussy, right in front of me!  You think you're 
going to come, do you?  You really think you're going 
to come after this, bitch?"  Teresa asked 
incredulously as the strapon slapped around Kim's 
thighs and pubis.  Her body spasmed and shook for a 
release that would not be coming to her soon.  She 
struggled to be still, the tone of Teresa's voice 
cutting her to the quick.  God, please don't let 
anyone hear, she prayed.  Her room was on the very top 
floor which served some protection, but Teresa had 
never been this loud before.  

Teresa pulled Kim's head back by her long blonde pony 
tail and reached down between the blonde's shapely 
legs.  She wrapped her hand around the rubber dildo, 
and ripped it; along with the one buried deep inside, 
from her body.  

Wetness seeped from Kim's pussy and painted her thighs 
and mound.  She was balanced on spread knees now, 
empty and aching; tit slapped and denied a release, 
her hair still clenched in Teresa's fist, stretching 
her neck painfully.  

Teresa smiled wickedly, and looked down at the 
dripping phallus that had been Kim's lover only 
moments before and forced it painfully past the girl's 
lips, pinning her tongue and continuing down her 
gullet until she gagged on her own caught breath.  Her 
throat bulged and her eyes grew wide, pleading with 
Teresa to allow her to breath.  

Teresa looked back coldly.  Kim was proving to be an 
interesting slave.  She was always daring Teresa to 
explore new depths perversion.  With her doe eyed blue 
eyes and stuck up demeanor, she practically begged for 
domination.  And no matter how much she cried and 
protested, Teresa knew sorority slut was a sub to the 
core, and that knowledge, coupled with her natural 
feelings of superiority, made it very difficult for 
Teresa control her sadistic urges.  


Looking down into Kim's pleading eyes, Teresa pulled 
the dildo from her throat and slapped her face with 
the slimy wet tool.  A long six inch welt marked her 
cheek.

"First things first, you- my little horny slut- are 
going to get what you wished for!  You will be stuffed 
and you will fuck- but not the way you might think."  
Teresa said sweetly, her voice dripping with 
facetiousness.  

"And, my sweet, you will have a new name.  Until I say 
otherwise, your new name is Fuck Thing, got it?"  
Teresa said.

Kim coughed, "Yes, Miss Porter," she replied, her 
voice raspy from the oral assault.

Teresa stripped the young blonde, making quick work of 
removing the small miniskirt and tight t-shirt, that 
had almost become a permanent uniform for the girl.  
"Bend over," she muttered.

Kim obeyed, shivering as Teresa wrote on her ass with 
a Sharpie.  "Fuck Thing," it advertised.

"Now let's get you fixed up properly," Teresa said 
excitedly.  She retrieved the double headed dildo from 
the floor and moved to Kim.

Grabbing Kim by the ponytail again, she crammed the 
cock down her throat and strapped the leather buckle 
around Kim's head.  Her blue eyes bulged at the 
intrusion, but she was helpless to stop it.  Soon, the 
other end of the black cock rose from Kim's lips, 
effectively turning her face into the male pubic 
region.

Teresa beamed with pleasure at the society bitch's 
subjugation.  The only shame was, she was the only one 
to see it.  What good was it to have a slave like this 
if no one knew about it?  She looked over at the door.  
Did she dare?

She did.  "Wait here bitch," Teresa said.  "I'll be 
right back."

While Teresa was away, Kim prayed to God no one else 
would walk in.  What would they think seeing her, her 
sex shaved and wet, naked, and with a perverse dildo 
sticking from her lips.  Worse, Fuck Thing had been 
written on her ass.  She almost dared to get up and 
get dressed.  Almost.

Shaking inside, she heard footsteps at the stairs to 
the door.  She gave a sigh of relief at seeing Teresa.  
Thank God!  However, her relief turned to anguish as 
Teresa walked in and there behind her followed another 
girl - and then another.  Oh God, it was the whole 
pledge class!  What had she done?

"Hello girls," Teresa said.  "Meet Fuck Thing."  
Yanking Kim's head back hard by her hair, Teresa 
glared and said, "Fuck Thing, where are your manners, 
say hello to all the girls!"  

But she couldn't.  Not with the cock in her throat.  
Tears of shame rolled down her red cheeks.  "Huh-huh," 
she grunted through her nose.

"Crawl around this room right now and introduce 
yourself to my friends".

Kim dropped to all fours and went to Dawn first, 
because she was closest.  She looked up briefly.  
"Huh-huh," she grunted.

"Jesus Christ," Becky exclaimed.  "Is that Kim?"

"No, her name is Fuck Thing now.  And she's my slave."  
Smiling, Teresa admired her handiwork and then, 
stroking Kim's hair gently, she said, "Think of her as 
*my* pledge.  Hell, think of her as *your* pledge.  
Think of all the shit you've had to put up with all 
your lives from pretty blonde society bitches.  And 
now . . . and now the shoe is on the other foot, isn't 
it?" 

There was a cautious nervous giggle, then, a squeal of 
delight.  "Oh God, I can't believe it," one girl said.  
"This is so fucking cool."

"Who wants to be first?"  Teresa said.  "Fuck Thing is 
just dying to introduce herself to you properly, 
aren't you Fuck Thing?"

Kim burned in shame as she nodded her head, the black 
cock bobbed up and down luridly.  Was there no end in 
her shame?  Thank God, the girls seemed mature enough 
to not play Teresa's sick game.  

But the silence didn't last long.  "Me," one of the 
girls said.  "I'm next," said another, as they quickly 
removed their shorts and panties, crawling over each 
other and vying for position of 'first fuck' from 
their new toy.  

There were ten girls, and Kim got to know them all 
quite intimately before the night was through.  Their 
bodies, their pussies, their asses.  They had taken 
turns, first one and then the other.  Using the dildo 
in her mouth as a surrogate lover.  Then they had 
taken it out and she pleased them with her tongue and 
fingers.  Dear God, one of the girls had even been on 
her period.  Kim would never be able to live it down.

And to make sure of that, Debbie a young film major, 
went back to her room and got her video camera.  When 
she returned Kim's mortification was complete.  It was 
bad enough to be humiliated and forced to perform 
perverse lesbian sex acts.  It was quite another to do 
it with a camera stuck in your face, being told to 
keep your legs spread and back arched, smile baby, or 
let me see that pretty tongue.

It was her last night at the sorority.  One of her 
sisters walked in and caught her with her tongue 
buried in a pledge's ass.  That she would leave was a 
certainty.  However, Teresa got them to pay for the 
rent at a small apartment as hush money.  

Kim went to school for another month or so, but word 
had gotten around about what she had done.  Not only 
were there comments, but some took it even further and 
tried to take liberties with her. She had tried to be 
strong and fight them, but Teresa kept her in clothes 
that were positively scandalous, not even affording 
her the protection of underwear.  Whenever she tried 
to avoid the unwanted attention of her fellow 
students, they would simply dart a hand beneath her 
skirt and stroke the bare flesh of her wet sex until 
she agreed to do anything they wanted.   

It was too much for Kim and she soon dropped out of 
school.  Afterwards, she continued living with Teresa.  
She had to.  But, the black girl's demands increased 
almost every day.  It was as if she wanted to see just 
how far Kim would submit before saying, "enough."

Kim's head was shaved bald and she wore wigs most of 
the time.  The wigs were usually blue, red, and pink, 
an advertisement for her deviant ways.  Fuck Thing was 
now tattooed permanently to the flesh in the small of 
her back.  Easily seen due to the low hung skirts and 
belly shirts she wore.  Her feet were locked into a 
pair of red four inch heels.  But the worst part was 
her sex.  Four stainless steel rings pierced the flesh 
of her nether lips, sealing her sex, keeping it safe 
from intrusion.  

They were punishment for Kimmy speaking to one of 
Teresa's boyfriends without permission.  "I think 
another trip to the parlor will teach you to keep your 
hands off my men," she said.  

The parlor.  The very words were enough to make the 
former sorority president quake with fear.  There was 
the tattoo of course.  There were also piercings in 
her nipples, nose, and belly button.  God how they all 
hurt, but they were nothing compared to the pain of 
the rings that were placed in her labia, connecting 
them.  

"You're mine, Fuck Thing," Teresa had said, while 
tears ran down Kim's cheeks, as the man locked her sex 
up for good.  And then the man put another tattoo on 
the lower part of Kim's belly, an advertisement that 
her pussy was now and forevermore, "Property of 
Teresa."

"Oh yeah, you are definitely mine now," Teresa 
continued, her fingers were moving fast beneath her 
own skirt, masturbating herself right there in the 
open in front of the tattoo artist.  "No dicks in that 
cunt now, so you better keep me happy bitch.  Real 
happy.  You do want to keep me happy, don't you?"

Kim sniffed and nodded her head.  Before she left, she 
licked her Mistress to orgasm and performed oral sex 
on dirty tattooed man for Teresa's amusement.

After that, Kim wouldn't even look at a man without 
permission.  Although it seemed at times that her 
Mistress was disappointed in her obedience.  She 
seemed to go out of her way to leave Kim alone men 
where she was forced to fend off the unwanted 
attention as best she could.  

To Teresa, it was funny that Kim still stuck around.  
There was nothing holding her in the service of her 
Mistress anymore.  The only person using cocaine now 
was Teresa, and she only permitted Kim to get high on 
rare occasions.  Kim stayed now because she loved her 
black Mistress.  Worshipped the very ground the girl 
walked on.  As a matter of fact, worshipping Teresa's 
feet with her mouth was a daily occurrence.

It was one such morning, while Kim was ardently 
felating Teresa's big toe, when what Kim had feared 
for weeks happened. 

Teresa stroked her slave's bald head, and looked down 
amusingly.  "What am I going to do with you little 
Fuck Thing?"  

Kim looked up with tear filled eyes, but her tongue 
never missed a beat.  This was a question that scared 
her even more than mention of the parlor.  She had 
felt it coming for months.  She knew with a certainty 
because Teresa's new boyfriend Derek was coming over 
more and more.  Kim had never officially met him, but 
she had seen him often enough.  She had peeked out 
between the slats of the closet she was confined 
within, and watched as he made love to her Mistress.  
Watched jealously as her Mistress made him come again 
and again, riding him, him riding her, a black cock in 
Teresa's cunt.  It was something that Kim hadn't felt 
in almost a year.  The worst was watching them kiss.

Yes, Kim had expected this for sometime now.  She had 
prayed every night that her Mistress would get tired 
of Derek and break up with him for good.  Break up 
with him and come back to the one who really loved her 
and had proved it over and over again.  Had proved it 
with her tongue and the rings and marks that adorned 
her body.

"Please," Kim sobbed, not waiting for her Mistress to 
finish.  "Please Mistress.  Fuck Thing will do 
anything.  You know she will - anything at all.  Just 
please don't do this to me.  Please . . . I'll do like 
I did with your other boyfriends."

"Oh Fuck Thing, those were the days, weren't they?" 
Teresa said grabbing her slave by the ear and tugging 
her to her crotch.  "And it was always a turn on to 
watch you lick me until I was ready and then got my 
lovers hard for me.  Mmmmm, it turns me on even now, 
thinking of you inserting them in my pussy while your 
own little box was locked away.  Get that tongue to 
work on my pussy bitch," Teresa demanded.  "Pretend 
you are licking their cum out of me.  Oh yeah, that's 
it baby."  Teresa's black body rippled as her hips 
gyrated on her slave's face.

"But I want different things now," Teresa continued.  
"I want to be Derek's wife."

Kim was crying and sobbing while she licked for all 
she was worth.  She tried every trick she knew.  She 
proved her love to her black Mistress's pussy and clit 
in the only way she could.  

Teresa was coming again for the third time. "Oh fuck 
and *babies*.  I want his babies - oh - oh - oh fuck."  

When Teresa was finally sated, she climbed off her 
slave's face, using it, along with Kimmy's bald head 
to clean her sex; marking the slender girl as her 
property one final time, before getting out of bed.

"But- but - I-I love you.," Kim said, falling down on 
the floor, grabbing her Mistress's ankle, and 
worshipping her foot with her tongue.  "And - and I 
belong to you."  And she did belong to the black girl.  
Didn't the tattoo say just that?  Tattoo's were 
forever, so was love, and so were Mistresses.  

"Not anymore," Teresa said as she pulled her foot free 
and opened up the door to the master bathroom.  

There was someone there!  Kim's eyes started at the 
expensive pumps and rose up the long thin legs in 
front of her.  White legs.  The bottom of a business 
suit.  Who was it?

"Did I give you permission to look at me, bitch?" the 
woman asked.

"No Miss," Kim whined, turning to Teresa for help.

Teresa's eyes were as barren as a desert.  "You better 
listen up slut.  I'm selling you."

"Give me something to punish her with," the woman 
said.  "No never mind.  I have just the thing."

Kim heard the sound of something sliding against 
cloth.  Then she was ordered to keep her eyes closed 
and to get to her feet.

"Legs spread," the woman ordered.  "Arms crossed 
behind your neck.  Chest out."

Kim was uncertain what to do.  This woman wasn't her 
Mistress, but she sure acted like it.  She shouldn't 
have to obey, but she found herself doing it anyway.  
Found herself getting hot as she did so.

The woman then whipped Kim's breasts with a thin 
leather belt, stripping them with streaks of purple 
and crimson.  Her thighs were wet with moisture and 
trembled with every lick.  Tears fell from Kim's 
cheeks, but not once did she beg for mercy, look up, 
or get out of position.  

"Very good," the woman said.  To Teresa:  "May I have 
a word alone with the slave?"

"Take as long as you want," Teresa said as she turned 
and left the room.

"Open your eyes slut," the woman said.  "But don't get 
out of position."

Kim blinked open her eyes.  Seeing the woman for the 
first time.   Oh God, it was . . . 

"You recognize me I see," the woman said.  

"Melis- " Kim began, but was slapped across the face.

"Miss White," the woman said.  "And Mistress if I 
decide to buy you."

"Yes, Miss White," Kim said.  It wasn't her fault; it 
was just a habit.  Melissa was one of her sister's 
from back in her sorority days.

"Now let me get a good look at the merchandise," Miss 
White said, as she began to circle her former college 
mate.  As she circled, she touched every adornment 
that had been added to Kim's body, tisking as she did 
so.  "She's really done a number on you I see.  Do you 
remember what you were studying back in college?"

"Yes, Miss White."  She was studying to be a lawyer.  
She had given it all up to be Teresa's slave, but she 
did remember.  Although, it was hard to remember with 
Melissa's hand down between her thighs, fingering the 
rings that held her sex together and tugging her 
sensitive clit.

"You know, you were an inspiration to me, Kim," 
Melissa said.  "Or should I call you Fuck Thing?  At 
first I wanted to be like you . . . a successful 
lawyer.  That was before you turned into Teresa's 
little Fuck Thing.  And then - and then I wanted to 
own you ever since.  I saved up a lot of money for 
you.  Every case I won I thought about you, what it 
would be like to possess you.  And then . . . well, 
let's just say the price turned out to be a lot less 
than I expected," Melissa amused, almost pleased about 
the concept.  "I wonder - is there something wrong 
with you?  Maybe you don't even want to be a slave."

The tears returned to Kim's eyes and her cheeks 
colored.  She felt a shame for the first time in a 
long time.  Teresa didn't want her anymore.  And 
Melissa - Melissa knew her from before.  Had even 
looked up to her.  Could she give herself to Melissa?  
She didn't love her, not like she loved Teresa, but 
she was terrified of living without a Mistress.  She 
needed the sense of security that only being owned 
could provide.   

Kim knew what she had to do.  She dropped down to her 
knees and kissed Miss White's expensive shoes.  Shoes 
that she might have wore if she had been stronger back 
in college.  "Please - please Miss White.  Will you be 
my Mistress?"  Her kisses trailed up to ankles, to 
knees, and finally to thighs.  

The belt leaped out and striped Kim's back, leaving a 
long blue welt.  "Bitch, do you deserve to lick my 
pussy?" Melissa demanded.

"No Mistress."

"You're damn right you don't."  Melissa said.  "Look 
what you've let her do to you.  Jesus, do I have my 
work cut out for me." Then she turned around so that 
her ass was facing her former mentor and rival.  

Kim was busy sliding her head beneath Mistress White's 
skirt.   "May Fuck Thing take off your panties, 
Mistress?"  

"Yes she may," Melissa said.  "But with her mouth 
only."

"Of course Mistress."  Kim's teeth caught the edge of 
the woman's panties, and she drew the down her legs.  
Melissa stepped out of them and brought her foot down 
on Kim's neck, trapping her against the floor.  A 
thrill ran through her sex at the girl's submission.  
No, she wasn't a rich college girl anymore, she was 
just a thing, a Fuck Thing.  Melissa reluctantly let 
the girl up so that she could finish what she started.

Kim kissed her way up to Melissa's ass.  As she got 
closer, she could smell the young woman's expensive 
perfume and also the scent of her arousal.  She could 
smell something else . . . Melissa wasn't quite clean.  
But it didn't matter.  Kim wasn't going to do anything 
to blow this chance.  She stuck out her tongue and 
licked.  Licked the dirt from Melissa's ass.  Then she 
stuck her tongue inside and made love to it.  Made 
love to her dirty ass.  'I love you.  I do love you,' 
she thought.  'See how much Fuck Thing love's you.  
Please take her with you.  Please let me belong.'

Melissa did her best to remain standing.  "Oh God, I 
can't believe this.  She said that you would do 
anything, but I didn't really believe her.  Ugh -ugh - 
I thought no way would Kim McTeridge lick my ass - oh 
fuck - lick my dirty ass.  Mmmmm two hundred dollars.  
I paid less for you than these shoes.  Do you realize 
that?  Oh that's it, stuck your tongue - right-ugh-up 
-there-bitch.  Oh fuck yes.  You think I'm going to be 
easy on you, but I'm not.  You're going to work for 
me, at the office and at home.  I'll dress you in 
slutty clothes, and you'll flirt, oh how you'll flirt.  
With man and women alike.  You'll whisper sweat 
nothings in their ears, you'll rub that hot little 
body against them, you'll tell them all sorts of sexy 
stories about what you do at night.  You'll even do 
this with some people who knew you from your other 
life . . .won't that be nice?"

The thought of such submission was turning Kim's sex 
to creamy jelly.  Her nimble fingers sought her ringed 
cunt to bring it relief in the only way that had been 
allowed for the last two years.  She was just getting 
into rhythm when Melissa realized what was happening.  
 
She turned and smacked her in the face.  "Disobedient 
bitch, what the fuck do you think you are doing?"

"Fuck Thing is finger fucking her cunt hole," Kim 
replied.  She realized by the look on Melissa's face 
that she had done something she wasn't supposed to.  
Evidently the rules had changed.  Her face stung.  She 
could feel her cheek bone swelling, and began to sob.  
"Oh I'm sorry - I-I'm s-orry.  I didn't know it was a 
- a r-rule."

"As I was saying bitch.  You are going to show your 
body.  You will act like the perfect slut.  The 
perfect little paralegal slut tease.  I'll even share 
that mouth of yours with my friends.  We may even make 
a party out of it.  But, that pussy baby . . .that 
pretty ringed cunt is mine, and mine alone.  No one's 
to touch it, not even you. . . only me."  

Melissa's face was beamed with power, and she had such 
a look that it scared Kim to the core.  She took Kim's 
head and tilted it up so the submissive girl was 
forced to look at her, reached down with her other 
hand and mercilessly teased the young woman as she 
continued.  "And baby, I'm going to remind you of it 
constantly.  I think I'll hang a little bell from your 
big clit.  Every time you hear it jingle you will know 
whose little cunt hole that is.  How do you like the 
sound of that, Fuck Thing?"

God, how was she going to bear it?  Not only to be 
constantly teased and made to look like a slut, but to 
have a bell jingling between her legs.  Oh - oh , it 
was intolerable.  It made her insides melt and quiver.  
"Yes, ma'am," Kim said, her body reacting to Melissa's 
teasing fingers, her cheeks blushing for the first 
time in a long time.

Mistress White lifted the hem of her skirt, grabbed 
Kim by the neck, and pushed her into her sex.   "Oh 
yes, you will learn to appreciate each and every 
orgasm, baby.  I plan to dole them out slowly, so very 
slowly, making you earn each and every one for that 
poor lonely pussy.  But don't worry dear, I plan to 
share it a bit.  As a matter of fact, I think I'm 
going to show it to your parents.  I want them to see 
what you've done to yourself with your little rings 
and bell.  I can't wait to see their faces when you 
tell them all about your black lover.  Oh baby, 
they're going to be so thankful for me rescuing you 
they will do anything I say.  I bet they'll even 
spring for a little laser surgery to have Teresa's 
name removed from your cunt.  Ha-ha, little will they 
know that we'll replace it with Mistress Melissa and 
we'll have your pubes permanently removed while we're 
there," Melissa cackled.  "Oh fuck, that's it Fuck 
Thing, work my clit, suck it you sexy bitch.  O- oh - 
ohhh-  Fuck fuck - oh fuck I'm coming."

After her second orgasm, and while Kim knelt between 
her legs, her tongue lingering lovingly on the folds 
of her sex, she called Teresa back into the room.  "We 
have a deal.  I'll be glad to take the slut off of 
your hands."

Teresa looked antsy.  She had watched from the door, 
and the feelings it stirred up wasn't just horniness, 
there was also jealousy.  Maybe it wasn't such a good 
idea to get rid of her slave.  After all, she had 
earned her fair and square.  Besides, she did a good 
job of keeping up the place.  Maybe she could work it 
out with her boyfriend.  Make a little room in the 
garage and keep the little bitch in there.  One thing 
was for certain, she knew for sure she didn't ask for 
enough money.  Next time she would get more, much 
more.  Maybe her parents would even pay to have her 
back.  "Look Melissa, I'm having second thoughts," 
Teresa said.

"You hear that pet," Melissa said, stroking her former 
sorority sister's bald head.  "Your old owner is 
trying to renege.  You don't want that do you?  No, 
don't turn your head baby.  Keep it right there in my 
cunt and give it a little shake up and down or from 
side to side."  To Teresa:  "Nope, it looks like Fuck 
Thing is mine now."

"Get over here now bitch!" Teresa demanded.  "I own 
you. . . I-I-I'll beat you black and blue if you don't 
get over here right now."

Kimmy was a little torn.  She was scared of Teresa, 
and wanted to obey, but she couldn't risk angering her 
new owner.

"Open your mouth Fuck Thing and put it right over my 
cunt," Melissa said.  "That's a girl.  Nice and 
tight."  She looked right at Teresa and smiled while 
she continued to talk.  "Tell me pet, have you ever 
served as your Mistress's toilet?"

Kim's shook her head, careful to keep her mouth firmly 
in place.  No she had never done that.  Never even 
thought of it, the idea was so forbidden, so perverse, 
her own pussy quivered with pleasure.  Kim's bright 
eyes grew large as saucers when it happened.  First, a 
small spurt that quickly grew to a gushing stream.  
The hot fluid filled her mouth faster than she could 
swallow. The taste was salty and bitter.   

Teresa looked on dejectedly.  It was over.  Fuck Thing 
belonged to this bitch as surely as she had belonged 
to her for two years now.  She turned and walked from 
the room without another word.  

Kim knelt and licked what she had missed from 
Melissa's thighs.  She was happy.  She had a new 
Mistress, and she loved her with all her heart.  Yes, 
it seemed Mistress White was going to take good care 
of her.  She could see it already.

The End

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.

************




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





