BDSM Library - The Intern




The Intern
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Paula Murphy, a senior at a Catholic girl's college finds that in the PAM Universe life as an intern can be rough in the New World Order law firm of Wiley and Associates.  In her first summer week she discovers a lot about the world and herself that the good sisters never taught her.
A note to the reader.  This fiction is written as a set of somewhat Joycean
stream of consciousness monologues which may be a style somewhat off-putting to
some.  Sorry about that, those of you who like straight descriptive narrative.
It is just an idiom that I wanted to give a chance.

For those who wish to access the wider world of Personal Assistant Magazine
consult http://pamagazine.web1000.com/back_issues.htm. There is also currently a
thread  in the Community Section of the BDSM Library Forums under  Story Ideas,
PA Magazine Universe.




Friday Five O'Clock
A Homage to Personal Assistant Magazine

This story is dedicated to Georg Kinaski who introduced the folks of BDSMLibrary
to the PA Magazine Universe.  This author is grateful to him for sharing this
fascinating world with us.  This particular story concerns one of the darker
corners of the PAM Universe set perhaps a few years later than the era Georg
humorously illustrates.


The Intern

Paula just knew that the law firm of Wiley and Associates was where she wanted
to work when she graduated from college.  Ever since the Family Protection Act
disbarred women, no law school in the country would admit what was referred to
as "A Girl".  The best a bright young lady could hope for was to attend one of
the few remaining general studies colleges, mostly Catholic, that would admit
females.  Then, upon graduation, she would find a job at a law firm where she
could learn something of the practical side of the legal profession.  She could
then bide her time until the current insanity gripping the country passed.  If
it ever did.  Sister Domitilla had put her on to Wiley and Associates, a medium
sized, general firm in the far South Chicago suburbs.  Sister said that she knew
a couple of women there who were kept on after they were disbarred.  Although
classed as legal secretaries they actually did the work of in-house lawyers. 
They could teach Paula almost as much as she would learn in law school.  And she
knew the wife of the Senior Partner.  If things ever changed Paula would have a
big leg up in applying to law school.  If things ever changed. 

Sister Domitilla had also warned Paula that the outside world had gotten a lot
rougher during her four years here in Detroit at Mercy College.  Girls
determined on a career were having a rough time in the New World Order here in
America.  Rougher than she could ever imagine.  If Paula wanted to pursue an
intellectual career why not join the Order.  Because of the religious zeal of
the political leaders of the New World Order, they left the Church alone.  Nuns
could still run their colleges for women and teach just about whatever they
wanted as long as they called it Theology.  When Sister Domitila talked with
Mary and Grace about how things were going at Wiley and Associates, they were
always guarded in what they said.  Sister advised Paula to be cautious.  Paula
felt that this internship was the only way to spend the summer between her
junior and senior years.  She had to do it.  She had absolutely no interest in
getting married right out of college.  Besides Chicago was only about three and
a half hours drive from the far western 'burbs of Detroit.  Once she was
established, she could probably come home every other weekend.  In Chicago she
would stay with her Uncle Mike.  It was only about ten minutes from the law
firm.  He was coming out tomorrow to pick her up. 

Mary

Yes Sister Dom, I still work for Wiley and Associates.  I'm the office manager. 
Now that internship position that they are offering.  It's for an entry-level
secretarial job, word processing and filing.  It doesn't require a college
degree.  In fact we are skating on thin ice even offering it to a college
graduate.  But since Paula hasn't graduated from college, technically we are
probably OK.  Yes I will talk with Mr. Wiley himself about it.  You know, the
job can be tough.  Is Paula up to it?  You know what I mean about being tough. 
Is she accepting of discipline.  You know we have very tight discipline here at
the office.  Yes, I know.  I can't promise her anything.  OK.  Yes, I am
actually the person who will be making the hiring decision since it is a
temporary position.  Yes, she would be classified as a temp so we have almost
nothing in the way of regulatory filings to fill the position.  OK Tell her to
be here next Monday at 8:00 AM.  Thank you too.  God Bless.  Yes I'll tell Mr.
Wiley.  Tell her just to wear her school uniform, that will be just fine.  She
will be staying with her uncle in Park Forest.  No problem.  I can pick her up
in the morning and drop her off at night.  Yes, they still allow me to drive,
the only one in the office.  Yes, thank God for small favors.  Yes I will try
and make sure Paula is careful around Mr. Wiley, yes I know he is one of the
trustees of Mercy College.  Good by.

Paula - The First Day

Wow! I can't believe it.  The prospect of a real job.  Ms. Martin picks me up in
fifteen minutes.  I am so excited I am already waiting outside.  I am the only
one in my entire class who has a shot at a real job after graduation.  Out of a
hundred seniors to be, I am the only one who has anything like an internship
this summer.  Of course the office manager is a graduate of Mercy and the wife
of the Senior Partner is a graduate of Mercy and the Senior Partner is on the
Board of Trustees of Mercy.  Everybody else is trying to desperately trying to
suck a boyfriend into marriage.  I am looking forward to a real life.  And
maybe, maybe someday when this country comes to its senses, I can go to law
school.

That must be her, Mary.  Dark-haired lady, older, about 40 or so driving a late
model chevy Cavalier.  Fits Sister's description.  Glad I was out here fifteen
minutes early.

Mary - 7:50 AM Monday

So far everything is going OK.  I am real nervous about the new intern, Paula. 
Particularly after what happened to Helen.  I tried explaining things to Sister
Domitilla but I don't think she in any way comprehends what is happening out
here in the real world.  At least the world of Wiley and Associates.  Sister
still thinks I am gunning for Senior Partner rather than trying to hang onto
office manager.  Damn, "Dubbah" had to get himself killed.  That started it all.

There she is standing out in front.  Long red curly hair, about five foot eight. 
Not a bad figure but nowhere near enough tit to keep Wiley and his young dogs
happy.  Well maybe the school uniform will stave them off for a few days.  I
hope.  God, I hope you protect her, she is really walking into a den of wolves.

Good morning Paula, get in.  Please, keep quiet for a few minutes.  This drive
to and from work is one of the very few times, perhaps the only time, that we
can talk freely and in complete privacy.  I want you to know that you have
gotten yourself into a very risky situation.  Yes, it has opportunities that
are, by the standards of our present society, unparalleled.  But you are not
dealing with the nice boys selected by the nuns to date you girls of Mercy
College.  You are dealing with some very powerful, and in many ways, warped men. 
Paula, let me be honest with you.  In the course of this summer you will very
probably be expected to, how do I say it?  I'll put it bluntly.  You will be
expected to fuck every lawyer in the firm.  You will be expected to.  Do you
know what a blow job is.  Don't blush.  You know what it is.  You will be
expected to fellate four or five lawyers a week.  Oh, I take it back about
fucking all the lawyers.  You will have to fuck six.  The other is a closet
queen.  He will probably sodomize you.  And for every little mistake you make
you will be beaten.  Often stripped naked and beaten.  And if you really screw
up or raise a fuss, you won't just be beaten on the ass, your tits and pussy
will be beaten.  Now, do you want to drive with me to work.  OK.  Even knowing
what you know.  OK.

OK Paula we have about five to ten minutes before we get to the office.  As an
"Old Girl" of Mercy I will do everything I can to shield you and help you.  But
there is only so much I can do.  Sister has no idea how bad things have gotten
out here in the "New World Order".  You must absolutely follow my instructions
to the letter without questioning.  If you screw up and fight the system you
will be put on the LIST.  You know what that is.  Word of it has permeated even
into the tight cloisters of Mercy College I take it.  You know what that means. 
You will never ever get a chance at a real job again.  So no backtalk to the
men, no matter how abusive they get.

Now, take off your panties and put these white cotton one on.  Yes, right now,
right here in the car.  Don't worry.  You will get humiliated a lot worse than
this before it is over.  Listen I know what it is like.  I have a 19 year old
daughter at Our Lady of the Lake.  Now take off your stockings.  Oh God,
pantyhose.  Hasn't anybody told you about pantyhose in the modern business
world.  You might as well be wearing slacks.  Put on these white knee socks. 
They stay up pretty well on their own.  Make sure the seams are in the back and
straight!  OK we have about three more minutes to the office.  What are you
using for contraception.  Damn it girl, we have to be practical here.  What are
you going to do when they tell you to shuck your panties, get up on the desk and
spread your legs.  Here is a packet of birth control pills.  Take the first one
now.  That right, turn the plastic cover to "1" and shake it out.  Just take it
dry, you can take the water later.  Do you depiliate your entire body?  Yes
including your pubes.  Well you better take care of it tonight.  That little
lapse will probably cost you.   Remember, speak only when spoken to.  And never,
just hold your tongue, never talk back.  OK steel your mind, this first day will
in many ways be the hardest.  Look, I can only put myself on the line so far. 
One last thing, at the office never call me by my last name, I am Mary.  With
women always call them by their first name.  Remember all women are girls, all
men are Mister and you answer to Paula or hey Girl.  And do it with a smile,
always a smile.

John Wiley - Monday

He walked into the office as if he was the ruler of the universe.  And in many
ways he was.  He was the senior partner and founder of the firm.  Six feet two
inches and at sixty six, only ten pounds heavier than when he played third
string offensive line for Xavier High School.  The hair might be gray turning to
white but the fire inside burned fiercely, he walked erectly, and his step was
brisk.  Upon entering the front door at precisely 9:00 AM the two receptionists
arose and gave the slightest hint of a curtsy as they greeted him.  My they
looked good.  Must discuss their discipline and deportment with Mary.  As he
walked through the central secretarial area, the five filing clerks rose and
greeted him with proper respect.  My they were a fine-looking group of girls. 
Every one had a magnificent rack.  Their short snug-fitting skirts showed off
their long legs and tight asses in a proper fashion.  As befits one of the most
profitable and tightly run law firms of its size in Park Forest.  He walked past
the three cubicles, Mary's, Grace's and, oh yes, Helen's.  Well, what had to be,
had to be.  Helen never really fit into the New World Order.  She's better off
now.  Grace never even looked up from her work.  She probably been at it since
seven thirty and would probably work until eight thirty this evening.  As he
strode into his corner office, Mary, ever efficient Mary, followed his brisk
pace.

"Good morning Mr. Wiley.  You look unbelievable this morning.  The weekend must
have agreed with you.  Is Mrs. Wiley fine this morning.  Yes Sir!  Would you
like your coffee immediately sir."  The tall dark-haired woman with the large
breasts turned around in the doorway to the Senior Partner's corner office and
snapped her fingers.  One of the filing clerks came forward with the silverplate
tray with the coffee service.  As she placed it down on the coffee table she
bent over rather than squatted thus raising the back of her skirt revealing the
darker top four inches of her thigh-high stockings.  Mr. Wiley glanced over and
remarked, "Ashley, your seems are nice and straight this morning.  Come over
here."  Turning his head aside he commanded "Give me a smooch to pep me up this
morning."  The blond smiled and smacked his proffered cheek with her lips
noisily.  He responded by smartly slapping her derriere with his large hand. 
She jumped and giggled.  After having finished with that morning ritual.  He
turned to the office manager for her morning report.  Yes his son had gotten his
brief case for Monday traffic court.  Grace was working up the filings.  Today
was his Wills day.  He had four couples scheduled for this afternoon.  His other
son was handling five divorces today.  They had six closings today, that would
keep Vasili busy.  Amazing, no cases before the Park Forest zoning board this
evening.  Aha, the new intern from Mercy College was here.  Yes, send her right
in after he had his first cup of coffee.   

Paula Meets Mr. Wiley

I have to admit that I was shaking when I walked into Mr. Wiley's office.  Ms.
Martin rattled my cage real well during the drive in.  I was humiliated by
having to change my panties and stockings there in the car.  And making me
swallow that birth control pill without water made things worse.  Then I was
rattled by meeting the secretaries.  They were all virtually identical blonds
with big hair and empty brain cases who knew only how to giggle and jiggle. 
Shake their tits and fannies.  When Mr. Wiley arrived they just about licked the
dust off his shoes.  And what I saw through the open door of his office, the way
he treated Ashley and the way she responded, curdled my blood.  She virtually
flashed him and he groped her butt.  This wasn't proper, this wasn't right. 
Then things got worse.

I walked into his office and greet him "Good morning Mr. Wiley, I'm Paula Murphy
the intern from Mercy College in Detroit."  I held out my hand to shake his.  He
looked at me quizzically and told me to close the door.  I turned around and
closed the white oak door, impressed by its weight and the smoothness of its
mounting.  John Wiley then tilted back in his massive chair, put his feet up on
the desk crossing his legs at the ankles and spoke to me.  "Well, you are a good
looking picture of a girl.  Twirl around, I want to see how that pretty plaid,
pleated skirt flares out.  Ah, I love those plaid wool uniform skirts.  Brings
back memories.  I am glad that the Sisters took my advice and restored
uniforming to the college.  Well, you certainly look pretty." 

I thought that his comments were highly inappropriate but that was nothing like
the shock at what came next.  He said "OK lift up your skirts so I can take a
gander at your gams.  Come on, higher let's see what your tush looks like."   I
bit down at this but remembered Mary's warnings and tried to smile as I hoisted
my skirt and half slip.  This seemed to meet with his approval for he chuckled a
little.  "Tsk, tsk, the seams of your stockings are a bit crooked.  That could
cost you Friday at five o'clock.  At least your panties are clean."  I was
shocked but that certainly didn't prepare me for what he said next.  "OK,
girlie, keep those skirts up while you drop those pretty white cotton panties."
I know I gasped a little bit when he said that and screwed up my face.  I just
stood there until he raised his voice, "are you deaf girl, I said drop them".  I
was sure that despite the thick door, the secretaries could hear them.  I
complied.  He continued "Now turn around and bend over.  Yes, a very nice ass. 
Now grab your cheeks low down and spread 'em."  I know my face was turning beet
red and it wasn't just from the strain of bending over.  "Come on" he said in a
loud voice "feet at least thirty inches apart, and grab your ass cheeks and
let's see some red eye".  Never in my life had I been so humiliated.  But I
thought of what I wanted and I complied.  He walked over until he was standing
behind me and then bent over and inspected my exposed nether regions.  I swear
he was sniffing my pussy.  I had never heard of anything like this.  He then
pulled some of my pubic hair that was visible from the back due to my exposed
position.  He mumbled, "grotty pussy but at least that head of red hair is come
by naturally."  With this he slapped first my right ass cheek and then my left. 
I started but did not straighten up.

Satisfied so far he said "Well girl, stand up and turn around."  I gratefully
straightened up and released my hands from holding up my skirts.  I am afraid
that although I was smiling there were tears in my eyes.  "Unbutton that blouse,
girl."  He commanded.  I slowly and demurely began to unfasten the buttons. 
"Come on, all the way, pull it out" he encouraged.  As I pulled the tails of my
white blouse out of the band of my skirt, he slipped it off my shoulders.  When
I went to cross my hands over my chest he barked gruffly "put those damn hands
down."  He commented "Damn thin on tit here you are girlie.  OK better strip to
the waist so I can actually get a good look at you.  Come on, get on with it." 
I am sure that at this point my blush spread to the entire upper portion of my
chest as I unbuttoned my sleeves and removed my blouse.  As I looked around at
where to put it he said "Place it on the coffee table and get that bra off.  I
have to see if you have tits worth hiring."  I reached behind and unfastened the
two hooks that held my bra in place and then slipped the straps down slowly. 
BAM!  He slapped my left cheek.  "I said don't dawdle".  Now the tears really
began to flow.  He took my brassiere off the rest of the way and positioned my
hands by my side.  After peering at me for a while he said, "Hands behind your
head" and looked at the way the shape of my breasts changed.  "Not bad for tiny
tits."  Actually I was a bit insulted, I filled a B cup rather fully and no one
had ever accused me of being flat chested.  Well, I guess compared to the bimbos
in the office out there I was not as generously endowed but then he was supposed
to be hiring me for my brains.  He now put me though a drill, 'hands in the air,
hands behind my back, bend over at the waist, straighten up' and a one point
actually pinched my nipples.  Finally, he grunted in satisfaction.  He threw my
bra into the waste basket and said "Put your blouse back on.  Your tits are too
small to warrant a bra but at least they don't sag.  Sagging tits spoil the
appearance of a girl.  Don't wear a bra.  OK  You can have Helen's old desk." 

I left his office and stared at my screen until lunch.  I couldn't believe what
was on it and just read it over and over.  I was too deeply in shock from the
events of the morning to do anything else.  I have been made to expose myself. 
I have been slapped and groped.  I have been judged by my breast size and found
to be inferior.  Now what, am I to be beaten?  Through the open door of his
office I could hear Mr. Wiley talking with Ms. Martin.  I couldn't clearly hear
what they were saying but I did clearly hear him say, "just make sure she knows
what to do by Friday five o'clock".  I just sat there and stared at the screen
of my computer.



Law Offices of Wiley and Associates PLC
In House Weekly Disciplinary Procedures

Under the Employer Advantage Act of 2005, implicit in your terms of employment
is your willingness to submit to disciplinary actions as delimited under the
Act.  Here at Wiley and Associates this encompasses discipline as defined in the
Act as "Spanking".  Chastisements of a more severe nature as allowed by the Act
are outsourced as entitled to Employers to the commercial firm "Corporate
Punishments,  Inc." of Chicago IL.

General: In all cases,  on the day of discipline (Friday unless otherwise
specified) girls are to refrain from the wearing of undergarments covering the
lower body.  In deference to the sensibilities of other employees, scrupulous
attention should be paid to personal hygiene prior to work that day.  For the
sake of uniformity, all subjects should wear a modest skirt (one that falls to,
when standing, one inch above the upper point of the kneecap), a half-slip and
self-supporting hose reaching to the mid thigh. 

Disrobing: Girls are to disrobe as follows: Mild Discipline (24 strokes of the strop), completely disrobed excepting hose and
shoes.  Disrobing should commence promptly at 5:00 PM and must be complete by
5:05 PM.  Clothing should be stored in the closet at the back of the room.

Details of Discipline: All girls subject to discipline receive a minimum of 6
strokes.  Imposition of more than 36 strokes requires the approval of Mr. Wiley. 
The implement of chastisement is the 3" by 28" leather strop.  Application of
the implement to areas other than the buttocks and upper thighs requires Mr.
Wiley's approval. Discipline is administered by the office manager.  If the
office manager is to be disciplined, Mr. Wiley will designate the
Disciplinarian.

Scheduling: Disciplinary meetings are scheduled for 5:00 PM Friday unless
specified otherwise by Mr. Wiley and are to be attended by all girls.  Girls
scheduled to be disciplined will be notified of that fact and of the Degree of
Discipline by e-mail by 4:55 Thursday of that week.  Unless otherwise specified, 
disciplinary meetings will be held in the large conference room.

WARNING! There may be discomfort of disciplined areas lasting up to 7 days and
marks may persist for up to two weeks.




Friday Five O'Clock
A Homage to Personal Assistant Magazine

Mary - Monday Afternoon, Drive Time

So far everything is going OK.  Well it could have been worse.  You could of
freaked out on him and slapped him back.  Or ran screaming from his office.  You
did OK kid.  You took it in your stride.  Don't worry about it.  Come on, don't
cry. OK  We are far enough away from the office that we can pull over and talk.

I know that this wasn't what you imagined.  In college you were pretty isolated
from the real world.  It has gotten real rough for women out here since the
Employer Advantage Act was passed way back when you were in diapers.  Then came
"Remembrance Day" when the Palestinians got 'Dubbah', his wife and daughters,
half the Senate and the whole Supreme Court.  During Jeb Bush's administration
the Dept. of Labor was closed and the EEO got folded into the reformed EP. 
Which is now the Employer Protection Agency.  And now Ashcroft is pushing for
the PATRIOT III legislation.  God forbid it should ever pass, you wouldn't
believe what would be permitted.  Well, this summer you will get a chance to
read all of this. 

Homework for tonight is to read this, the original Employer Advantage Act. Just
don't let any of the Partners catch you with it.  Girls aren't supposed to be
wasting their time on stuff like that.  If they find it on you it will mean a
trip to Corporate Punishments for the both of us.  And no matter how bad things
get around the office, things at Corporate Punishments is far, far worse. 
Paula, you don't want to spend a Saturday there, believe me.  They can do some
very painful things to you there.  And if PATRIOT III passes, the things they
can do to us will become virtually limitless.  It will be like Afghanistan under
the Taliban.  Women will become slaves, completely.

Any way, now we have to talk about a real sore subject.  Starting tomorrow the
Partners will start to interview you.  Starting with the 'old man' and working
their way down to David, who hasn't even passed the Bar yet.  And they aren't
going to ask you about your course work and your grades.  They are going to want
to know what you can do for them.  Some will want to screw you, some will want
to butt fuck you, some will want a blow job.  Some will want all three.  God
knows what David will want, we all think he is gay.  And I bet you have probably
never French-kissed a guy.  Right.

Well you are going to have to learn a lot quickly.  Getting fucked is not that
hard.  My advice to you is lie back, spread your legs and learn to like it. 
Fortunately what Jeb did give us was the polyvalent STD vaccine so your
generation doesn't have to fear Clamydia, HIV and Herpes.  Be thankful for small
favors.  It takes even less talent to get sodomized.  Just try to relax your
asshole and bear down as if you are trying to shit.  If you fight it they will
really tear your asshole.  Here are some laxatives.  Take one every night and be
sure to get up early enough the next morning to give yourself enough time to
evacuate.  And here is a tube of K-Y Jelly.  Lube your anus and vaginal area up
real well just before I pick you up tomorrow morning.  You really mean you are a
real virgin, hymen and all!  Damn.  Then old John the Third may have a real
smile on his face tomorrow.  Just remember, don't resist him.  Last of all, blow
jobs or the Big BJ as it is known around the office.  That's an acquired talent. 
Here is a vid-disc, can you play it late at night when your aunt and uncle are
soundly asleep.  Great, you have a player in your bedroom.  Just keep the volume
down.  Got it.

Yes Officer.  Yes Sir, here is my Driver's License, here is my proof of
insurance, here is my vehicle registration, here is my permission to drive
signed by the Mayor and my Employer.  Yes sir, he is that Mr. Wylie.  This is
his new intern, Paula Murphy.  We were just stopping here in the parking lot.  I
was just driving her to her uncle's where she is staying.  I got turned around
and I had to get clear directions from her.  You have to forgive her because she
isn't the brightest girl in the world.  Thank you sir, I will be sure to mention
it to Mr. Wylie.

Phew!  We better hit the road.  The new Family Protection Act, Local Option
Ordinances are really getting out of hand.  If you notice less than 10% of the
drivers on the road are women.  I bet in the next year I will be the only woman
driver in Park Forest.  OK, he's not following us.

Don't worry about the spanking part.  I'll go as easy on you as I can and still
keep my own ass out of 'Corporate Punishments'.  Right now I can probably get
you off with six and at six we are supposed to make them easy ones.  But please
do good.  If everybody is happy with you in the interviews, I will have no
problem keeping it down to six.  Just don't fuck up.  OK, thanks, see you
tomorrow morning.  I'll pick you up at 7:45.  Grace will be with me so watch
what you say around her.  She is under an awful lot of pressure.  God Bless.

Paula's Interviews

Well I can't say that Ms Martin didn't try her best to warn me and prepare me. 
Each morning and each afternoon I was interviewed by at least one of the lawyers
at Wylie and Associates.  I started with John Wylie III also known as "the ole'
man".  By  1:30 PM Friday I would be interviewing David, the possibly gay recent
graduate of Loyola School of Law.  Yeah, the 'ole man' got my cherry.  He was
very nice about it.  First thing Tues morning.  Right after coffee.  I wore my
Our Lady of Mercy College uniform.  Blue blazer with the college crest, white
oxford cloth, button down collar, short-sleeved blouse, grey with a blue plaid
pleated skirt, navy blue knee socks, weejuns.  As per his majesty's suggestion
of Monday, I omitted the bra.  And of course I wore extremely modest white
cotton panties.  I hung my blazer on the hook on the back of the massive door to
his office and walked up to him unbuttoning my blouse.  He took my hands and
placed them on the back of his neck.  Then he fondled by breasts, lightly
tweaking my nipples as he kissed me.  I suspect he was disappointed when they
didn't instantly become erect for him but he really did nothing for me at all. 
After a little more of this fooling around he dropped to his knees and told me
to raise my skirt and slip.  He embraced me about the ass and kissed the naked
skin between the top of my panties and the waist band of my skirt.  Then after
fondling the orbs of my buttocks he slowly and caressingly pulled my panties
down.  By this point he was slobbering and panting.  I was giggling. 

I had followed Mary's advice and shaved by pubis and perineum.  He made love to
the stubble licking and sucking my mons veneris and the upper part of my slit. 
When he stuck his tongue into the upper part of my slit and started sucking my
urethra and clitoris I finally began to become a bit aroused but mostly I
thought the whole thing was funny.  He lifted me up and laid me down on the
front of his desk.  Then he zipped open his pants and extracted his semi-erect
penis.  I was amazed at the size of it, which shows exactly how little I knew at
that point.  In reality it was large only by comparison with the penises of the
little boys I new a decade ago.  The last male members I had seen.  He wanked it
a couple of times to stiffen it up and I immediately realize what I needed to
do.  I hopped down off the desk, lightly took his rod in my fingertips and began
to kiss the head of his shank.  Then I began to lick it, starting with the tip
and working my way down.  Before long he was smiling the smile of the brain dead
as I vigorously sucked his magic wand.  Forewarned by Mary I had thoroughly
stuffed my vaginal opening with KY jelly.  As much as could be fit in between
the inner labia and my hymen.  He mistook the lubricant for the moisture of
arousal.  Thinking me to be motivated by his manhood he placed me back on the
desk and steeled himself for the penetration.

He was neither particularly gentle nor particularly rough.  He was mostly
totally lacking in sensitivity or sensibility. Earlier that morning I had worked
at the tiny opening with my fingernail,, enlarging it to the point where just
the tip of my pinky could get in.  To this day I have no reason why the good
sisters so prized the hymen.  They never let us use an internal tampon insisting
on us using those ugly, clumsy, messy, smelly Kotex belts.  They wouldn't even
let us use adhesive napkins.  Well, I never gave my maidenhood to my husband on
my wedding night.  John Wiley III stuck his dick into the tiny orifice in my
hymen and by brute ramming enlarged it so that eventually he could get the whole
schmuck in.  I bled the tiniest bit.  Which seem to make him so happy.  After he
ejaculated, which seemed to happen in a mere minute or two, he wiped my vaginal
lips with a Kleenex.  Then he tenderly kissed my fourcette and tucked the blood
stained Kleenex into the pocket of his shirt.  So much for my first interview. 

I had always known that "fuck" in its various forms could be used as a noun,
verb, adjective, adverb and ejaculation.  I now believe that the same usages are
proper for fellatio.  I had two extra interviews with "the ole' man" each more
tender than the previous.  By the third time I was actually getting to like him. 
And I can say he came to treat me like a daughter.  If you are into perversions
of "Old Testament" proportions.

Vassili's interview was the funniest.  Behind his back everyone calls him
Vaseline and "greaser" even though he is Russian.  He didn't want to fuck me
because he has pledged himself to be faithful to his pregnant wife.  So after he
sodomized me he asked for the "Beeg BeeJd" and eventually came all over my face. 
When I wiped my face off, I missed a glob.  On the one hand I don't know how I
could have missed it.  On the other hand his ejaculate was so copious and I
didn't have a mirror to aid in adjusting my makeup.  So anyway I walked out of
his office with the infamous white gob dangling from the tip of my nose.  Two of
the girls in the office laughed so hard they fell out of their chairs and
another peed in her panties. All of the partners and associates except for "the
ole' man" came out of their offices to see what was the fuss.  At that point I
was accepted by all. 

Paula Gets The E-Mail

By Thursday I really felt that I was beginning to fit in. Tues on the way home,
Mary gave me "a gadget".  This was called a vaginal tension trainer and it
looked like a rubber penis.  You attach it to your laptop and it is supposed to
teach you how to properly squeeze the muscles of your pelvic floor.  I never
knew that such things existed!  But I have to admit, it was fun.  The girls in
the office are starting to talk to me when we get to take a break.  Some things
they explain but some things they only allude to.  You really have to watch what
you say around the office.  The 'ole man' seems to have the world's most
sensitive hearing.  And one wrong word and you will get "THE E-MAIL" 

Like I said I was learning fast and I thought I was doing perfect.  I really
thought that the 'ole man' really liked me.  I found it hard to take when I got
"THE E MAIL".  It was just before I logged off my computer, Thursday, right
before leaving work.




 

Law Offices of Wiley and Associates PLC
In House Weekly Disciplinary Procedures

To: Paula Murphy, Intern

Under the Employer Advantage Act of 2005, implicit in your terms of employment
is your willingness to submit to disciplinary actions as delimited under the
Act. 

You are hereby notified as of 4:55 PM today that you are to report for
Disciplinary Action tomorrow at 5:00 PM in the Large Conference Room.

The level of discipline planned for you at this time is:

MILD
PROGRESSIVE DISROBING

Failure to report on time and under the conditions in the employee manual may
result in an increase in the level of you discipline up to and including
chastisements of a severe nature as allowed by the Act and outsourced to
"Corporate Disciplines, Inc." of Chicago IL or your termination and posting of
your name on the National Employers Index.

Mary Martin, Office Manager


Mary - Drive Time - Friday Morning

OK Paula, you look good.  Today will be the big test for you.  I think that the
'old man' really likes you.  I think that you have a real shot at a place here. 
This will be the closest to a real job you can get in this crazy modern world. 
You left your panties at home I hope.  Yep.  I suspect that you have never had a
real 'lickin" before.  Not really, huh.  Well its just like getting fucked, the
first time nobody is real good at it.  You'll just have to get used to it. 
Remember, two things.  One, whatever you do grab hold of your ankles and hold on
for dear life.  Don't take your hands off your ankles whatever you do.  Second,
watch what you say.  Don't yell, don't scream, don't curse.  If you can, try not
to cry.  Just take it.  Its the New World Order and as the 'old man' is so fond
of saying "things ain't what they were". So get used to it.

I have been breaking it to you this week as gently as I could.  Today I can't
protect you.  No, you didn't do anything to deserve this.  You have to
understand this, this is a way of the 'old man' testing you.  Seeing what you
are made of.  No, I can't go easy on you.  If anything he is watching and
testing me.  Trying to see if I will go easy on you.  If I did it would be off
to Corporate Punishments tomorrow for the both of us.  And you don't even want
to imagine what that would be like.  Think like medieval times.  They do nasty
things there.  You can come out of there bleeding.  They do things there that
leave scars.  Helen used to be sent there about once a month.  She couldn't take
it.  And they are getting worse.  Anyway, you will just be getting hit with the
strap.  Probably six.  But they will be hard.  I will start medium.  That way I
won't knock you over.  But they will get harder as we go along.  You will be
black and blue for a week, maybe two.  We will find out how easy you bruise.

Ya kid, you have led a sheltered life off there at Mercy.  The world has been
getting worse while you were off there with the nuns.  Girls go to work right
out of high school.  Except for those fortunate few who get to go to college. 
That's one of the reasons I put up with the crap here.  My daughter goes to
Marymount.  Yea, Marymount.  And high school is no longer as sheltered as it was
when you were there.  In the new 'Girl's Academies' discipline is almost as
severe as it is out here in the business world.  Yeah, a lot of the strap, and
the cane is coming back.  I heard the 'old man' talking about 'The New
Discipline' even coming to Mercy.  You know he is on the Board of Reagents for
Mercy.  Yeah, that's how you got this chance.  Deep down inside I don't know
what the 'old man' really thinks and feels.  OK, here we are.  Just get though
today, OK?

Paula - Friday At The Office

Oh God, what have I gotten myself into.  It was bad enough spending all week
having to spend all week sexually servicing all the lawyers in this office.  Now
I have to look forward to having my ass thrashed at five o'clock today.  For no
fault of my own.  I have never been beaten before in my life.  My father didn't
believe in it and the nuns at Mercy College don't either.  I know that there was
some of it going on in high school but that was for the 'bad girls'.  And in
high school I was a very good girl.  I knew I sometimes heard them talking about
it.  How so and so had gotten two dozen from the P.E. teacher and didn't even
flinch.  Or how 'she had gotten 'six' and it was nuttin'.  They might as well
been talking about a heavy period.  Now I was going to get it.

As we sat there waiting for nine o'clock to roll around we furiously e-mailed
each other.  Apparently Thursdays were the big hump days.  Contracts and things
like that went out on Thursdays.  Fridays were generally slack.  So we were all
gossiping by e-mail.  The office was silent except for keystrokes.  Ashley got
MILD, Shelly got MILD.  The girls that got off were gloating.  Then it became
apparent.  Grace and her team were getting hit.  Big league.  Grace got
SIGNIFICANT.  Crystal, her assistant got SIGNIFICANT.  Stephanie and Melanie got
MODERATE.  And rather than strip right away at the start it was going to be
'progressive disrobing'.  That meant you got six with your skirt flipped up. 
Then you took off your skirt and slip and took twelve.  Then you took off your
blouse and bra and took the rest.  Made it slow and extra humiliating.  When
Grace walked in every eye was following her.  She actually blushed as she went
to her cubicle.  I guess she was guessing what everyone was thinking.  What she
would look like stripped and beaten bloody black and blue.  Then somebody
started the e-mail going that Grace was going to Corporate Punishments Saturday
morning!  Since Helen, nobody had gone to Corporate Punishments.  One of the
girls claimed that she heard one of the attorneys talking with the 'old man'
about it.  Somebody was e-mailing that Crystal got it too but just then the 'old
man' walked in and the electronic gossip ceased.  Nobody wanted a casual glance
over your shoulder revealing juicy gossip on your screen.  That would mean an
extra dozen or so come the next Friday.

You could hear the 'old man' expounding over his morning coffee.  He liked to
expound with his door open.  "Send one of the girls out for a case of wine and
some cheese.  Maybe a case of Piersporter Michelsberg, some sharp Cheddar, some
Jarlsberg Swiss.  Have a good client stopping by late this afternoon, need to
make a good impression."  I bet that we were to be part of the impression. 
About ten AM I was called into his office.  It was close the door and I suspect
that you know.  No words were even necessary.  He got the big BJ.  I am getting
efficient at this.  Then it was turn around and lift the skirt and he fondled
the globes of my ass for a few minutes.  I am sure he was thinking about my
upcoming punishment because he made a comment about "well we will see how you
do, don't disappoint us".  Lunch was real quiet because Grace and Crystal were
there.  Everybody was wondering, are they really going to go to Corporate
Punishments?  And nobody had the guts to ask.  I wonder if Grace and Crystal
even knew for sure.  In the tension over Grace and Crystal, nobody even remarked
about my first spanking.  I guess that my pain was small potatoes.

Paula - A Kindred Soul

After lunch, David was fascinating.  He was the only gay man I have ever met and
I guess he and I are in similar situations - neither of us fits in and both are
at risk.  He is gay which means that under the Family Protection Act, he is
banned from serving as a lawyer.  But as long as he is not openly gay, he is OK. 
Apparently he is single and just waiting to get married.  What happens if after
a few years he isn't married, I don't know.  Me, I'm a woman and therefore
ineligible for the Bar.  I will never even have a chance to go to law school. 
So we are both on the margins of the legal world.

So I gave him the "Big BJ" as the girls in the office say, then he sodomized me. 
As we lay there in post coital torpor, me prone over his desk, he on top, we
began to actually talk.  David said how much he envied us girls.  The whole
point of the office seemed to be more about fucking us and beating us than about
the law.  Then he begged me to beat him with the "Office Strop" while he wanked
off,  When that was over he pulled out a strapon dildo and implored me to
"bugger him".  He then performed cunnilingus on me while actually inserting his
nose in my anus.  We spent the entire afternoon together, locked in his office
while I treated him like a girl.  AND NONE OF WHAT HE DID FAZED ME!  I cannot
believe that it was possible for an innocent girl to become so degraded in only
five days.

I asked him what the big deal was about Corporate Discipline Inc.  Why the
nameless terror that no one would talk about.  And who was Helen.  David said
that the whole thing with Helen happened just before he arrived.  Nobody wanted
to talk with him about her.  Corporate Discipline Inc. was a punishment
outsourcing business that chastised girls who worked for companies that were too
small to have a proper human resources department.  There was some sort of
special tie between Wylie and Associates and Corporate Discipline.  Something
about law suits.  He said he would see what he could find out.  Then we cuddled
for a bit.  It was the first real affection I felt all week.  A good Catholic
schoolgirl and a gay guy.  What a pair.

And then all too soon it was Friday 5 PM.  My time had come.


Paula - Party Time

Right as I walked out of David's office, exhausted from my afternoon-long
"Interview" with David, in came Mr. Wiley's special client, Bill Lee.  I learned
that we did a lot of Real Estate law for Mr. Lee's company.  Mr. Lee had brought
along his office manager, a statuesque lady of about 30 something, Meeshell
O'Rilley.  Their arrival seemed to instantly bring all of the partners and
associates out of their offices.  Or maybe I should say her arrival.  Meeshell
had the most incredible head of long curly red hair I have ever seen in my life. 
She was dressed very provocatively in a medium blue dress the skirt of which
came down to mid calf.  That dress clung to her body in a way that I had never
deemed possible and it was a body that generated a lot of attention.  It was the
sort of body that men appear to constantly incessantly talk about.  I thought
she looked stupid and venal.  She had tease, look at me but don't dare touch
written all over her.  But she is at the top of the food chain that women are
currently allowed to inhabit.  And I am at the bottom of that food chain.  I
suspect that she got to be office manager using talents of the lowest sorts.  As
if my first week at Wiley and Associates was spent knitting sweaters.  Well, it
was 4:55 PM and we all were herded by Mr. Wiley into the conference room for
some chilled wine and cheese.




Friday Five O'Clock
A Homage to Personal Assistant Magazine

Conference Room Chastisements

I was the first item on this Friday's program.  The 'old man' formally
introduced me to all present. I was one of the top scholars at Mercy College,
his wife's 'alma mater' and a college so dear to his heart, yada, yada, yada. 
All the partners and associates proclaimed how deeply impressed they were at my
talents.  I bet they were.  I had been impressed by all of them.  About six
inches impressed.  Then the 'old man' got right to the point.  I was now going
to be introduced to the Wiley disciplinary system, one of the foremost in the
country, "Miss Martin, please proceed, Mr. Lee, please note".  An open space
automatically cleared at the front of the conference room, perhaps ten feet by
ten feet.  Mary, the fearsome strop in her right hand, strode to the very front
of the room and nodded in my direction.  Out of the corner of my eye I noticed
Grace snatching a bottle of the German white wine all for her self.  I guess she
was making a quick start on her own form of anesthesia.

I walked up to the front of the room, my hands demurely clasped in front of me,
a picture of virginal purity.  I knew that the old goats loved my collegiate
apparel and I fed their desires.  I had my navy blue blazer on, with a white,
almost translucent blouse underneath.  I was wearing my official blue and grey
pleated, plaid knee-length skirt.  White knee socks and black tasseled loafers
complete the look.  You could almost hear the drool flowing.  My hair was neatly
tied, just off my shoulders with a black ribbon and I was wearing the merest
suggestion of makeup.  I gave a picture of trembling innocence.  I have to admit
that I was indeed innocent compared with the debauched crowd that I was soon to
be exposed in front of.  This was in spite of the fact that in five days I had
gone from perhaps the most sheltered young woman at Mercy to the most skilled
courtesan.  I removed my blazer and folded it over the chair at the head of the
conference table and stood facing Mary.  Mary Martin, my real mentor and the
person who was now going to do her damnedest to beat my ass black and blue.

Mary - Punishing Paula

 Well, I guess that my little girl is about as ready for it as ever.  I hope
that I have prepared her as well as I could.  She is so much like me when I was
her age, it is the world that has changed.  "Alright girl, raise your skirt and
slip up above your waist.  Bend over girl and grab your ankles.  You will give
the number of each stroke,  thank me for that stroke and ask for the next one. 
You are to receive six.  Are you ready?  Don't mumble, speak up girl!" 

As I explained to her earlier that day, I gave her the first blow at half
strength so that she could accommodate to the shock of being hit without falling
forward on her face.  I have to admit about one thing, the 'old man' was right
in maintaining that she had the prettiest set of globular butt cheeks seen
around here in quite a while.  The heavy strop hit both of the globes squarely. 
Paula jerked forward, reflexively, in response to the painful stimulus.  Her
head immediately shot upwards but she had enough self control not to take her
hands off her ankles or to inadvertently blurt out an expletive.  But she did
rock forward to a remarkable degree, albeit without losing her balance.  Mr.
Wiley was up in the front of the room, off to the side, a position that gave him
an ideal view of the action.  And nobody ever blocked his view.  When he saw
Paula's response, a smile creased his face.

I gave Paula the second strike from the same position, right handed, standing on
her left.  It was delivered with about three quarters force and once again
struck across the center of both cheeks.  Paula once again stood her ground like
a trooper, although the way in which she sucked in her breath prior to thanking
me and asking for the third stroke told me that the blow had registered.  By the
third I was up to full strength and the strop really whistled.  Paula
anticipated the landing of the leather and clenched her buttocks.  I told her
not to do that, it makes the bruising worse.  Well, she will learn with time. 
This time the smack was really noisy and the grin on the "ole man's" face
widened into a smile.  Paula's face was getting increasingly red and her
buttocks were already glowing.  At this point, half way through, I switched
sides going over to Paula's right.  I delivered the fourth stroke backhanded, a
special talent of mine.  I aimed it a little higher than the first three, at the
top of the rounded portion of Paula's buttocks.  I rapidly followed it with the
fifth, trying not to drag things out too long.  Paula was still hanging in
there.  Lastly, I switched side back to her left and gave her the sixth stroke
low, just on the crease between the bottom of the buttocks and the top of the
thighs.  At that point she almost lost it.  But as they say, "Almost Ain't Is"
and somehow she hung in there. 

That first spanking is always the worst.  Everyone remembers their first
strapping as an adult.  The combination of humiliation and pain.  I don't know
which is worse.  Even now I dread receiving corporal punishment although my pain
tolerance must be a hundred fold higher than it was at first.  The girls must
have felt much the same as I because they clapped and gave her a little cheer
when it was over.  I instructed her to stand up.  But she was to continue to
hold her skirt and slip up well above her waist and she must stand with her nose
against the video screen at the front of the room.  A couple of tears glistened
in the corners of her eyes.  She realized that this added humiliation exposed
the ripening red bruises on her backside to the gaze of the room and that the
position prevented her from rubbing the stinging skin.  Once she was in position
Mr. Wiley walked up to her and said, "Good job little girl, you took your
punishment well.  One little thing however.  Paragraph two of the Disciplinary
Procedures manual specifies that for disciplinary activities self supporting
hose reaching to the mid thigh are to be worn.  I realize that the usual garb
for interns specifies knee socks.  But as the manual clearly states, today you
should be wearing hose to the mid thigh. Another six strokes will be required." 
I could see Paula scrunch her face up into a frown.  I am sure it also occurred
to her that this would not only mean having to once again bend over and have her
butt beaten but it would subject her to the additional humiliation of having to
remove her skirt and half slip.  Mr. Wiley meanwhile turned to me and said
"Proceed with the other mild punishments and the initial chastisements of the
more serious offenders."


John Wiley - Ashley and Shelly, Stephanie and Mellanie, Grace and Crystal

Well, my office manager managed to get things off to a proper start.  I have
always admired my office manager.  Mary graduated at the top of her class from
Loyola Law school and excelled at every part of the practice of law.  She makes
an awesome office manager.  And the girl wields a wicked strap.  Now is coming
what I like to call the "Friday Beating of the Bimbo's Butts".  Every week I
make sure that at least two of the girls in the secretarial pool get a MILD.  It
keeps them on their toes and the little infractions it takes to warrant a MILD
are so easy to find.  Being slow retrieving a file.  A missed typo.  Six of
Mary's best on your bare butt.  None of the girls are in any way overweight (I
won't tolerate it) and Mary always makes sure their feet are the regulation
thirty inches apart.  So when they bend over and hold their ankles you always
get a nice shot of their bare, shaved pussy. 

Then there is a custom that the girls originated themselves, color-coding the
grades of punishment.  A blue skirt that just covers the kneecap means MILD, a
yellow or orange skirt worn to one inch above the knee means MODERATE and a red
skirt worn to mid thigh means significant.  I'll bet that the organized mind of
Mary thought that one up.  I realize that the manual specifies one inch above
the knee but I have never objected to that red miniskirt.  Since they have to
wear hose to the mid thigh, it means that the darker band at the hose top is
quite visible when they are standing.  And when they sit a band of bare thigh is
prominently displayed between bottom of skirt and top of stocking.  And since
they are denied panties on days when they are disciplined, it means a miserable,
day long humiliation. 

Looking across at Bill Lee, one of my favorite clients, I can see that he is
absolutely google-eyed.  Bill is obviously highly entertained by what he has
seen so far and I am sure that he greatly anticipates what is to come.  His
tall, buxom, red-haired assistant is not so amused.  I suspect that she will
become even less amused as time goes on and she finds out what is in store for
her.

Well, Ashley and Shelly, clad in modest blue skirts now come up and present
their bottoms to Mary for their dose of discipline.  Mary alternates blows
between Ashley and Shelly, first the one than the other, first from the left
side then from the right.  The precision with which she spanks is awe inspiring. 
Subsequent blows of the strap always overlap the previous one by one inch, first
higher and then lower.  The girls take the leather licking stoically.  They have
had their butts reddened and shined many times before.  That's why I like my
girls to have good sized butts, they absorb a spanking well.  Not fat, mind you,
but broad.  Ashley and Shelly are such pro's that they don't flinch or clench,
their breathing remains regular and they don't even get red in the face or tear. 
Good girls.  Of course both of them have endured worse punishment before,
although they have never been sent to Corporate Punishments Inc.  Well now they
are spanked and it's up to the big video screen and put your nose to the
plastic.

Stephanie and Mellanie are next, both in matching yellow.  They will get their
first six and then will return for another round, another six while stripped
from the waist down.  An excellent way of increasing the punishment by forcing a
second round of humiliating disrobing and spanking an already tender but. 
Mellanie is getting it for weight gain.  She is now five lbs. over the limit. 
So it will be twelve this week.  If she is down to three lbs. over the limit by
next Thurs it will only be six.  If she hits ten lbs. over the limit at next
weeks weigh in it will be a SIGNIFICANT for her.  But you can be sure she will
lose a pound or two in the next week.  Every time she sits down she will be
reminded about overeating.  Her yellow skirt is getting just a little bit tight. 
Stephanie is up for group punishment.  He work unit, headed up by Grace was
deficient in its performance when drawing up this week's bog contract.  Since
she is the most junior girl in the group she gets off easy, six and six.  So its
skirts up and over we go for Steph and Mel.  Because of Mellanie's weight gain
her pudendum is barely visible.  Ah, Mary makes her spread her feet wider.  That
girl thinks of everything.  The spanking is so routine that it is almost boring
for my crew.  Bill and Meeshell however, are anything other than bored.  Now
there are five bottoms presented at the front of the room, each set of cheeks
turning a ripe red.

Crystal and Grace are a little shakier.  They know that they are in for a pretty
good spanking today and the rumors seem to have hit them that they may be in for
a special Saturday morning session.  Ah well.  They don't get told about whether
or not they get a trip to Corporate Punishments until the end of today's
chastisements.  I love their red miniskirts.  Crystal is a real dish.  The girl
has just the kind of breasts that I love, large, round ones.  Grace on the other
hand has boobs scarcely larger than little Paula's.  Typical of a graduate of
Northwestern Law School.  Black haired Crystal is being a tease, she is wearing
a bright red blouse and has a black lace half slip on and black, seamed hose. 
Like so many girls with black hair Crystal has the absolutely whitest skin. 
What a sight, black, red and pale flesh.  Blond Grace on the other hand has
somewhat darker skin than Crystal but like so many blondes her skin is super
sensitive and flares spectacularly when struck.  Grace should see the videos of
her backside being caned.  She has the most striking wheal and flare reactions
when the rod is applied to her flesh.  What a pity that Grace bruises so easily. 
When she is caned tomorrow the wheals will show but the red flare will be hidden
by the developing black and blue from tonight's spanking.  Once I had her caned
in midweek without a preparatory spanking just so we could get that red glow
from her caning on video without any complicating previous bruise.  Well, the
two of them are scared now and they clench their buttocks when Mary hits them
with the strap.  But they are experienced girls and they take it.  They know
that far worse is to come.

William Lee - Meeshell Gets Her Comeuppance

I have to admit that I have come to this whole corporate corporal punishment
thing slowly.  When all the legislation came out I thought that it would
immediately be struck down by the courts.  I guess that I misjudged the mood of
the country.  After the second wave of terrorist attacks wiped out most of the
leadership of the country and pitched us into the worst economic mess since the
20th Centuries' Great Depression, the US was not ready for any nonsense.  Still
I waited, expecting to see an exodus of women from companies that were quick to
take advantage of the Employer Advantage, Patriot II, and Protection of the
Family Acts.  Didn't happen.  A lot of arrogant high ranking 'girls' got shed
but productivity at those companies actually increased.  About all I picked up
was Meeshell, downsized from the biggest Century 21 office in Chicago.  She was
good but she was arrogant.  And the arrogance was starting to flow down hill. 
Rather than the girls in my office being grateful for their unbruised behinds,
efficiency was going all to hell and I was starting to hear backtalk and
badmouthing.  That's when I talked to John.  He was one of the first to go for
corporate corporal punishment and it really worked for him.  That's why I am
here today.  And why Ms. O'Reilly is about to become a chastened girl.

Meeshell became progressively more agitated during the seven initial spankings.  
She was flabbergasted when Grace, approaching her 40's with a law degree from
Northwestern, hoisted with trembling hands a red miniskirt and bent over to
receive six blows with a strap delivered onto her naked ass.  And delivered with
a vengeance by a graduate of Loyola Law School.  These were people who just a
few years ago had stood considerably above Meeshell in the pecking order.  Now
they are office managers and glorified clerk typists.  And they are beating the
heck out of each other in the most humiliating fashion.  I wonder what is going
to be her reaction when Mary Martin calls her up there.  How much does she value
her career.  What is it worth to her having any career at all?  If she is fired
and put on "The List" she probably couldn't get a job asking "would you like
fries with that or a salad".  Well I am looking forward to this.  I am tired of
Meeshell's arrogance and her "big tease" act.  I am intrigued to see what she
will look like stripped, bent over and humiliated.  Today begins a process that
will end with Meeshell executing my every whim - and more than a few whims are
going to involve her body.

Mary - Calling Out Meeshell

I started off by pointing to Meeshell and saying "OK girl, you're next."  The
tall, buxom red head looked at me as if I was from another planet.  And I
suspect that from her perspective I was.  But right now she was on the planet
Earth, in the U S of A and a couple of decades into the 21st Century.  "Hey
girl, it ain't da nineties no mor, get on with it or get on Da Lis".  She looked
over at her boss who said, "One of the main reason for the Employer Advantage
Act is to deal with situations like this.  You can comply with what are going to
be the new disciplinary procedures for my company or you can walk out the door. 
I can tell you however, that after leaving two companies your being placed on
The List is mandatory."  Meeshell just stood there and stared. 

I walked over to her, grabbed her by the ear and took her up to the front of the
conference room.  "First, you are going to take off your panties.  Lift up your
skirt and take your panties off."  As I started to lift up her long,
tight-fitting skirt and the underlying slip, she struggled, fighting me.  Then
Mr. Lee came over and slapped her face.  Forcefully, twice, once in each
direction, snapping her head back.  "Come out of it" he said "and get with it or
get out."  As if in a daze she started to shimmy her skirt upwards.  As the hem
of her dress approached her waist, all the girls in the room started to giggle. 
It was becoming obvious that Meeshell was not only wearing panty hose she was
wearing something else, a girdle!  I had heard that the girdle was coming back
among the fashionable, but not with pantyhose!  The giggles turned into laughter
and one girl let out, sotto voce, "I thought those things went out in the '50s". 
A second whispered, "1850's or 1950's, she can't be that old".  Meeshell shot
the girls a look but the realization dawned on her that this was the New World
Order and she had to get with it or get out of it.  And with that realization
came the need to conform and comply.  In order to keep Meeshell up with the
dress code the foundation garment and panty hose would have to go. 

I nodded over to Francine who almost immediately figured out what to do. 
Francine went over to her desk and got out the spare pair of thigh-high hose
that were kept in reserve in case of a bad run in her stockings.  She brought
them over and put them into Meeshell's hand.  I got Meeshell a chair to sit in
to make changing easier.  First she had to struggle out of the encircling
elastic foundation garment. That girdle must have run twenty inches from high on
her waist to mid thigh and it had steel boning in it.  As she struggled with the
spandex and steel garment the reason for its use became obvious.  Its removal
liberated a roll of fat about the red head's waist and allowed a goodly sized
butt to bounce around.  Meeshell had put on a few pounds and the girdle artfully
concealed it smoothing the lumpy waist and bulging behind under that slick blue
dress.  Having finally extricated herself from her girdle, she slid the panty
hose and panties down to her knees.  At this point Meeshell sat down, took off
her shoes and took the panty hose and panties off the rest of the way.  It was a
pretty scene as Meeshell drew the dark stockings up her shapely lower legs and
adjusted them on her slightly heavier than desirable thighs.  Well heavy thighs
make for all the more flesh to flog!  This scene was closely followed by every
male in the room.  Even David was fascinated.  I'll bet he was taking notes on
what to wear.  Finally, Meeshell stood up, hiked up her skirt and bent over.  I
had to instruct her to properly spread her legs apart so that the lips of her
vulva were visible.  This drew a smile of approval from the 'ole man'.  At this
point, Mr. Lee, her employer commented wryly, "In the future, girl, I think you
need to wear higher, high heels, at least four inch high heels".  All the girls
in the room whistled and clapped their approval.

I decided that no niceties were due this arrogant bitch.  The first swat landed
with full force, dead center.  Meeshell screamed, jerked bolt upright and
grabbed her ass with both hands while howling "Nooooooh".  Every girl in the
room started to howl with laughter, even the seven in the front with raised
skirts and red asses.  Looking over at William Lee, I remarked "I guess that one
doesn't count."  He nodded.  I explained to Meeshell that unless she kept her
hands on her ankles and restricted her remarks to "Thank you maam, Number one,
etc., and Please may I have another", nothing would count and the chastisement
would go on all night.  So Meeshell bent over, grabbed her ankles, adjusted her
feet and awaited her fate.  I was going to take this nice and slow.  Another
strong SWACK on the same spot brought forth another explosion similar to the
first.  Again the room roiled with glee.  Meeshell was obviously a slow learner. 
I switched sides and finally the third blow brought forth the magic words "Thank
you, nummer un, please another".  I let her get by with less than perfect
diction knowing of what was likely yet to come.  Finally, after eleven solid
smashes we got through to the official "Number Six".  By this point Meeshell was
sobbing, slobbering and dripping snot.  I had to remind her to keep her skirt
hoisted and assume her nose-to-the-wall position in the front.  This displayed
to the audience a butt that had progress significantly beyond red.  Her skin was
badly bruised and was turning purple in spots.  I had a hunch that Mr. Wiley was
intending to take her all the way to full stripped - SIGNIFICANT - tonight.  I
had a hunch I would be seeing a lot of this lady before the weekend was over.


Paula - The Next Phase

I could see why Mary had taken time to prepare me.  The other girls in the
office managed their spanking quite better than I did.  I suspect that the next
time I am disciplined (how many times will I be disciplined this summer?) I will
do even better.  Grace and Crystal are obviously scared but they are not as
worried about the spanking as they are about the possibility of going to
Corporate Punishments Inc. tomorrow morning.  What the hell is this Corporate
Punishments place all about?  Meeshell, the tall red-headed lady who works for
the big real estate Honcho was something else.  Coming into this cold, not
knowing what to expected and more-or-less forced into it, she was totally
freaked out.  She must have taken a dozen whacks to encompass her mandated "six
of the best".  I'll bet that she is in for a rough night because I am beginning
to know John Wiley III.  There was no reason to call me out for another six
tonight.  And it is not that he hasn't seen me strip before.  No he wants me
humiliated in front of everyone to show his power.  And to degrade me into
abject submission.  Well here it comes.  I will have to remove my skirt and half
slip and stand here naked from the waist down.  To say nothing of taking another
six across a butt that is already red and sore.

Mary has instructed us.  Ashley and Shelly are allowed to leave the front of the
room.  They release their skirts and walk over to the table with the wine and
cheese while rubbing their behinds.  Stephanie and Mellanie, Grace and Crystal
and Meeshell and I are to strip from the waist down.  Being here at the Firm
with it's dress code, all that means is that the five of us just remove our
skirts and half-slips.  You see, girls don't wear dresses (only ladies do) and
full slips might interfere with proper appreciation of our tits.  So we disrobe
with as much grace and decorum as can be done in a room with over half a dozen
leering men and more than a dozen giggling girls.  All of whom are beginning to
feel the effects of a bit of fairly decent German white wine.  We fold our lower
garments and place them on the conference table. 

Meeshell on the other hand is clueless.  Finally she figures out that in order
to get naked from the waist down she will have to remove her dress!  And this is
a slinky synthetic number with a high collar fastened with innumerable buttons
down the back.  Before it is over she puts on quite a show because to undo those
exceedingly inconvenient buttons requires a lot of hands behind the back work
which thrust out her quite sizable breasts.  To preserve her modesty she turns
to the front of the room letting most of the room view her back.  However, Mr.
Wiley is standing in the front and he gets exactly the view he was hoping for. 
His smile beams as she struggles with the buttons.  Finally, the dress is off,
folded and put on the table.  Then it dawns on her that she is wearing a full
slip.  She looks at Mary as if to say, "you mean that this has to come off too?" 
Mary nods an implied, "yes dumbfuck that has to come off too!".  So up and off
comes the quite stunning white lace slip and Mary will be forced to take the
next phase in her discipline clad only in bra, stockings and shoes.  Her
stripping has also revealed an unsightly bulge of fat around her waist and a big
fat bouncy butt and thick thighs.  No wonder she wore such a massive girdle.  I
bet I know a company that is going to have weight restrictions for it's girls
pretty soon.  I also know somebody who is about to go on a crash diet.

Well, I was to be first again.  As I stood before Mary she indicated that my
garb was not yet satisfactory.  The tails of my blouse hung down covering me
fore and aft.  She knew that I was forbidden to wear a bra, "having insufficient
assets to require support".  Therefore I could not tuck the back tail of my
blouse up under the back side of my bra.  So Mary made me unbutton my blouse and
tie the front tails together which thoroughly bared my buttocks and incidentally
spectacularly revealed my shaved pubes.  This brought admiring glances from all
the men in the room, most of whom had already seen my charms.  But this was
different, this was in public, this was really humiliating.  I am sure that the
'ole man' thoroughly approved.

So once again I bent over, my already bruised ass tingling in anticipation of
the blows to come.  The first landed in the center, full force this time.  By
now I knew what to expect and was able to keep my composure.  Then Mary landed
one higher up.  OK, God it hurt but I can play this game.  The third, low down
this time.  OOHH the things I will do to succeed.  The fourth hit my upper
thighs and I almost lost it because it hit in an unexpected location.  OOOOOOH
that was bad.  Not much fat on my thighs to cushion the blow.  Same with the
fifth, thighs again.  I just barely squeezed out "Thank you maam, number five,
one more please".  My face feels hot and I'll bet I'm beet red and sweaty. 
Finally the last, number six, dead center.  God that hurt so much she must have
cut me and I must be bleeding.  OK back to the video wall monitor, hands behind
the head, nose to the screen.  Oh Lord how my butt burns.  I have never hurt
this much before in my life.  I can't believe how that leather strap can cause
so much pain that lasts so long.  I hope I don't have blood all over my ass.

Steph and Mel are next.  They are just simple office girls.  Mel put on a couple
of pounds and she is really paying for it now.  She is just desperate to lose
weight.  She said if she can't get it off, the beatings will become really bad. 
She said that a girl before her put on 15 pounds and was sent to Corporate
Punishments and finally quit.  Both Mel and Steph tuck the back tails of their
blouses up and assume the position.  They take their licks like real pro's and
join me in the front of the conference room.  Mary has got a real rhythm to her
spankings.  I manage to sneak a peek at Steph's rear.  It isn't bleeding
although it is very red with some purple splotches.  So mine is probably not
bleeding either.  I am so scared of getting cut and ending up with scars. 
Bruises I can take.  I breathe a sigh of relief and my butt actually feels a
little better.

Crystal and Grace are getting their second dose right now.  From the gossip
around the office this morning I guess that they are going to be getting about
three dozen apiece.  Whew!  I don't see how they can take that many.  They are
only about one third of the way through right now and their behinds are purple. 
And I know that I don't think I could take any more butt beating right now.  I
suspect that just sitting is going to hurt for several days, maybe a week.  I
don't think that even the idea of wearing tight panties has much appeal right
now.  In any case I won't be wearing them home tonight.  I feel real funny to
tell the truth.  One part of me feels like just breaking down and crying while
the other part feels exhilarated.  Almost turned on.  This is crazy.  I have to
admit that I find the site of bruised behinds fascinating.

Well, Grace and Crystal are finished for the moment.  Let's see if her
red-headed majesty has learned anything about corporate c.p.  She really looks
wild dressed in nothing but that pointy bra and stockings with that almighty
head of red hair.  Her butt has already developed the nastiest set of bruises in
the room and Mary will add another six (at least) to that.  Yup, Meeshell has
not gotten much better.  The first blow brings her back to the upright position
and howling to beat the band.  Well, Mary will beat her butt until Meeshell
learns to control herself.  This time there is no mercy.  Every phrase must be
enunciated perfectly.  It takes thirteen swats to encompass six of the best and
Meeshell is sobbing, coughing and choking at the end.  The backs of her thighs
are bright crimson, her butt is solid purple and the central portions of her
butt cheeks are beginning to develop blood blisters.  Any more and I'll bet she
will have side to side blood blisters.  Not only is her face red but her chest
above her brassiere and her upper arms are flushed.  As she stands up I can see
that even her pubes (that which can be seen through her flaming red, unshaven
bush) is turning red.  When  she places her hands behind her head and puts her
nose against the monitor wall, her whole body is shaking.

Mary now announces, "This phase of chastisement is over.  Paula, Stephanie and
Mellanie can leave the front of the room."  With audible sighs of relief the
three of us turn around.  I eye my clothes and I eye Mary and realize with a
gulp that the instructions did not include getting my skirt and slip back
anytime soon.  Steph and Mel don't even pull down the tails of their blouses.  I
guess that part of the punishment is being made to wander around until the end
with your burnished butt bared for all to see.  The three of us make our way
over to wine and cheese.  But the idea of sitting down, even in the well
stuffed, soft leather conference room chairs does not appeal to us.  One can
take wine standing, no problem.  No more leather on my bottom, please.

David

I have to admit that although I have no sexual attraction to women I do enjoy
watching the girls get their butts beat.  There is just something exciting about
watching buttocks turning crimson.  So I never miss the "Friday Night Follies"
as the Partners call it.

Now Paula, she is a strange one.  I feel more at ease with her than with anyone
else.  I don't know what it is about her.  She was the first one of the girls
who was willing to beat me and strapon dildo bugger me.  She seems to accept me
for who I am.  I think I like her.  Which is more than I can say about any
female I have known since third grade.

I did manage to hunt up some information about Corporate Punishments Inc. for
her late this afternoon.  I posted it to her computer.


Corporate Punishments Inc.
Terms and Specifications of Services
Level A Discipline

The client is expected to maintain his subject on the girl's usual in house
disciplinary schedule. CPI recommends servicing the girl in house with strap the
evening before her scheduled service at CPI

(i) garb: lite (12 strokes) subject to remove all garments and don disciplinary
gown; full (>12 strokes), girl to remove all garments
(ii) application of instrument 12 times (lite), >36 times (full)
(iii) implements restricted to (a) cane (b) rod (c) switch
(iv) implement to be applied to (a) buttocks (b) upper thighs - with full
discipline client may specify degree of force, in full discipline, due to wrap
around effect there may be collateral damage to the labia
(iv) interval - mild service can be repeated weekly, full service discipline can
be applied again in three weeks
(v) administered by (a) Level I therapists
(vi) locations available (a) all Corporate Punishments Service Centers
(vii) authorization  (a) office manager, (b) principal
(viii) full service session includes 'hi colonic'
(ix) age restriction: lite, must be 14 years old; full, must be 16 years old

Advisory - effects may last up to 10 days, superficial laceration of the skin is
common, marks may persist for up to three weeks. occasional scarring
particularly when in house servicing has resulted in significant bruising
generally 24 hours of work impairment


Saturday Bargain Package
Send three girls to us for a regular Saturday full service session and get one
Level B special service the next Saturday at no additional charge

Level A Midweek Morning Special
Send three girls to us for full service Tues, Wens or Thurs for only one full
service fee (in by 8 AM out by noon, 24 hour advance purchase necessary,
excludes pickup and delivery)

Weekday Sixpack Special
Send us six girls.  We will give four girls lite service and two girls full
service and only charge you for the two full service sessions. Mornings or
afternoons excluding Monday morning and Friday afternoon, one week advance
purchase necessary. 

Weekday Schoolgirl Morning Package
Up to 10 students can receive lite service, 2 students receive full service and
two teachers receive full service for 50% off the regular price (one week
advance purchase necessary).  Girls in by 8 AM and out by 12 noon.  Free pick up
and delivery.

Mother-Daughter Early Bird Special
Send in mother and up to two daughters for lite servicing,in by 6 AM out by 8
AM, pay only for mother.  Pick up and delivery not available.

double click here to check schedules or set up an appointment

THANK YOU FROM YOUR FRIENDS AT CPI




Friday Five O'Clock
A Homage to Personal Assistant Magazine

John Wiley - Intermettzo

We always give Mary a breather after the Moderate chastisements.  When there are
SIGNIFICANT punishment to come, a little bit of a break helps recharge her
batteries so that she will be fresh when the hard work resumes.  I went over to
the sidebar and refreshed my wine.  Then I queried Bill Lee as to his thoughts. 
He had to admit that he was impressed.  He had no idea that my work force was so
disciplined and dedicated.  He actually said, "Do you think that my office could
ever be like this?"  I told him that stick by me and we will get his girls
whipped into shape.  Starting with the wild, red-haired bitch.  Before too long
she will be down on her knees licking the dust off his shoes.  First thing
Monday morning.  First strip, then pour his coffee, then a blow job, then polish
his shoes with her tongue.  Wait and see.  Her weekend is just starting.  He
looked at the three ladies standing with their noses to the front wall with
bruises ripening on their buttocks and shook his head chuckling to himself. 
Hard to believe what progress we have made in the work place, isn't it.

Then I saw Mary, glass of wine in hand, instructing Paula.  She had the girl
move three of the conference chairs to the front of the room, facing forward. 
Then Paula took three foot lengths of rope and fastened them by their middle
portions to the back legs of the three chairs.  Good old Mary, always thinking
ahead.  Always delegating where possible.  Working on training that new girl. 
What a marvel.  God I love her.  Never wasting a moment.  Now Paula is going
over to Mellanie and Stephanie.  I guess that Mary is going to have those three
act as assistants tying the ankles of the Crystal, Grace and Meeshell to the
back legs of the chairs, bending them across and having the three younger girls
secure the handcuffed wrists of their elders.  Mary will be taking no chances,
brooking no arguments.  Time for me to fill my glass again and return to my
place at the front.  Time to get back to business.

Mary - Time to Really Beat Some Butt

Now that we were down to three things were simpler.  I had Paula arrange and
prepare the chairs, I would brook no resistance in the next phase of this
chastisement.  She and Mel and Steph would assist me.  I had Crystal, Grace and
Meeshell complete their disrobing.  Crystal and Grace removed their blouses and
bra's.  In Grace's case this was a flimsy affair, she did not have much to
support. Crystal on the other hand was much better endowed and Meeshell's
breasts were massive.  Meeshell had a quite sturdy brassiere, a real four hook
affair with hefty shoulder pads.  When she had removed her bra her breasts
sagged down to her ample stomach, previously released from its spandex shell. 
Fortunately all three had ample, solid backsides and hefty thighs.  Which they
were going to need for I had a suspicion that the 'ole man' was going to order
substantial punishment in order to impress his power on all gathered here.  The
three ladies were already cowed and swiftly removed their remaining garments. 
Grace was scared because of what she feared would come tomorrow.  She had been
to Corporate Punishments before and she knew that a severe spanking was usually
the prelude to a worse caning on the morrow.  Crystal had never been to a
Saturday morning session but she had heard stories of what went on.  And during
c.p. sessions here she had seen the scars on the backsides of those who had been
to C.P.I., particularly Helen.  Meeshell was scared because she had never been
beaten before and she feared the unknown to come.  No one at this point was
interested in offering resistance.  They hoped against hope that if they were
quiet and passive, mercy would be granted.  Soon the three of them were secured,
the heavy leather conference room chairs acting as whipping trestles or benches. 
Ankles were bound by cords to the back legs of the chairs.  Hands were held out
in front by an one assistant and handcuffs applied by the other assistant.  The
linked wrists were then secured with cords to the front legs of the chairs. 
Three broad backsides were presented to me awaiting application of my heavy
strop.  Two behinds, Grace's and Crystal's were a fiery beet red.  Meeshell's
was considerably beyond that.  It was already purpling and on the verge of
bleeding.

I looked over at Mr. Wylie.  I raised two fingers, he was impassive.  I raised
three fingers and yet there was still not reaction from him.  Finally I raise
four fingers and he nodded.  I announced.  "Each disciplinee will receive four
dozen strokes.  Chastisements will be delivered in groups of six and will be
without interruption by any counting or formalities.  I do not wish for any
interruptions".  At the mention of four dozen Crystal and Grace began to wail
piteously.  They had hoped for mercy and had received a heavy sentence. 
Meeshell was too clueless to know just what she was in for.  To date she had
gotten almost two dozen with a lot of dancing.  This would be at least twice
that much with little wiggle room.  She was too stunned to think.

And so I went about my work like a sturdy woodsman confronted with a forest to
chop.  Stand on the left, swing right, six strokes to the buttocks.  Move to the
next, stand on the left, swing to the right, six strokes.  Move to the next. 
Ignore the howls.  My assistants, terrified justifiably, were doing their jobs
making sure the victims remained restrained despite their bucking and
struggling.  Stand to the right, six strokes to the buttocks.  Move to the next. 
Stand to the left, six strokes to the thighs.  If you maintain a slow and steady
rhythm you don't tire as quickly.  Ignore the screams, just hit the flesh. 
Stand to the right, six to the thighs, move on to the next.

Three dozen into this four dozen phase both Grace and Meeshell were now
beginning to bleed, with Meeshell somewhat the worse of the two.  All three
women had ceased to struggle.  I worried that they were reaching the edge of
consciousness.  You might think that a strap is not that wicked a weapon and a
spanking not that big a thing.  Mine, however was a heavy strop, three inches
wide and twenty eight inches long.  With the handle it was almost three feet
long and it was a good 3/8" thick.  Wielded with the force I used, a single
stroke will almost always leave a bruise that lasts for a week.  I try not to
land repeated blows on the same spot because that can break the small blood
vessels in the skin resulting in tiny "blood blisters".  When these are broken
by even more blows, the skin will start bleeding and tiny pieces of the
outermost skin can actually come off.  And these three ladies were to receive 60
strokes.  Blows are not supposed to go above the beltline because of possible
danger to the kidneys.  And it is agreed not to get to close to the back of the
knees, danger to the tendons.  That's why the mid thigh stockings.  They mark
the lower limit to the field to be spanked.  At 60 blows of the strap there are
going to be areas that get hit five to six times, no matter how well I spread
them out and curl them around the sides.  And on some girls, five to six, in the
same spot, the way I apply them, means macerated, torn, bleeding skin. 

So at this point I took a break.  I had a dozen more to apply to each girl and
thirty six more wasn't going to strain me.  But a little bit of time spent
applying rubbing alcohol to their buttocks and thighs would allow me time to
plot exactly where to put the last dozen.  And it perked them up.  The room had
grown very quiet as their cries had ceased.  The sounds of merriment were no
longer coming from the assembled crowd as the seriousness of the punishment sank
in.  As I began to minister to the three ladies, conversations struck up again
and wine glasses began to be filled.  I am afraid that those being chastised
will never appreciate my tender mercies.  The rubbing alcohol stings were the
skin is cut and those being punished started moving around and protesting this 
new form of pain.  But the rubbing alcohol does stop the bleeding.  I really
hate striking a bloody area with the strop because the blood spatters all over
and it really makes a mess.  There is a reason why all the treatment rooms at
Corporate Punishments have epoxy surfaces.  The spattered blood cleans up real
easy.  In some cases it has been my blood.

After about fifteen minutes I got back to work and I finished the job.  The
girls had recovered sufficiently that they all resumed their screaming.  And by
the end they were all, even Crystal, bleeding.  After I finished they all simply
lay there spent.  Like three marine animals, beached, flayed, too exhausted to
move.  Even when my assistants untied their ankles they still lay there. Quietly
sobbing, panting a little, covered in sweat and blood, every movement eliciting
pain.  I bid Steph and Mel to get dressed and told them they could leave. 
Everyone else had begun to file out of the room, sobered by what they had seen. 
This was the harshest discipline handed out in a couple of months.  Nobody was
going to fall behind in their work anytime soon.  Or mouth off.  Soon the only
people in the room were Messers Wylie and Lee, Paula, and the three chastised
ladies.  And me.  Don't ever let somebody tell you that a little spanking never
hurt anybody.  They have never been spanked by me, six of the best, six of the
best, then restrained and give four dozen.  Not by me. 

Paula - Arousal

As I stated earlier, nothing that occurred during the forty hour work week of
Monday through Friday prepared me for Friday Five O'Clock.  Not the loss of my
virginity, the abuse I suffered at the hands of the partners, sodomy, forced
fellatio, nothing.  What shocked me Friday after regular working hours were the
beatings.  I don't mean the humiliating little exposure and spanking that I
endured, although it was painful to sit for the next five days and the bruises
took two weeks to disappear.  It was the dreadful beatings given to Crystal,
Grace and particularly Meeshell.  Nor was it simply that I was horrified. 
Although there was a part of me that was.  It was my arousal.  My sexual
arousal.  You see, of all of the myriad sex acts that I was involved in that
week, none were particularly arousing.  Getting fuck for the first through tenth
times, nothing.  Giving a dozen blow jobs, nothing.  Even Vaseline's huge cock
didn't arouse me.  Sodomy had no appeal for me.  Nothing really repulsed me but
certainly nothing aroused me.  About the closest thing I had felt to emotion was
with David.  Particularly when I was beating him while he was masturbating.  I
found that a little bit of fun.  And then came the time when my own ass was
thrashed.  I found being stripped and exposed in front of a crowd humiliating. 
I found that one part of me was upset by being made to suffer pain.  But I found
another part of me excited by the pain.  My heart rate increased, my nipples
became more sensitive than usual.  There was the slightest tumescent of my clit
and labia, and my vagina became moist.  I sensed the same thing as I watched the
other girls being spanked. 

But then it happened.  When I helped restrain the three "older girls" I felt a
twinge.   When I tied them down and as I grabbed Meeshell's wrists and slapped
on the cuffs I felt a flutter in my chest.  There is a beautifying effect with
bondage.  A middle aged lady like Meeshell when standing erect is a canvass of
defects.  Breasts sagging down to the waist are not pretty.  That roll of fat
about the waist and the protuberant stomach do not make a pleasing picture.  The
way the globes of the buttocks hang down and the flabby thighs shake when they
walk are a real turn off.  But bend a middle aged woman over in the right way
and these defects are remedied.  The breasts hang down straight, the stomach is
compressed in, the skin of the buttocks is firmed up and I am turned on.  And as
I held on to Meeshell's hands for deal life as she was abused, I really got
turned on.  Participating in Meeshell's beating actually made my pussy wet. 
Every contact of my nipples with the thin cloth of my blouse sent electricity
through me.  I swear that everybody in the room was conscious of the extremely
erect condition of my clitoris.  I could actually feel droplets of secretions
oozing from my vagina and running down the inner aspect of my thighs.  For the
first time in nineteen years I understood what sex was about.

I was stunned and flabbergasted.  Every fiber of my being was shredded. 
Everything I had been taught was shattered.  I was thrown into a pit of
inexhaustible sin and covered with much that I could not scrape off.  I knew was
sexual arousal was about and it involved the foulest perversion I knew of -
lesbian sadomasochism.  I was damned, irretrievably damned.  I was the font of
deepest depravity and I wanted more of it.

Paula - Revelation

On my way to Mr. Wylie's office I managed to stop briefly at my desk.  David had
come through.  He had promised to hunt up what info he could on Corporate
Punishments Inc. and he delivered.  I was appalled by what I saw - this was a
company set up for the express purpose of administering severe beatings to
women.  The first download on "Level A Discipline" sent a shiver up my spine. 
The second "Level B Discipline" was even worse.


Corporate Punishments Inc.
Terms and Specifications of Services
Level B Discipline

Prerequisite Level A Discipline administered 2 > 24 hrs previously

(i) subject to remove all garments
(ii) application of instrument 6 (lite), 12 (regular) or >36 (special) times
(iii) implements restricted to (a) cane (b) rod (c) switch
(iv) implement to be applied to any body site excluding face and neck but it is
expected that primary sites to be treated are the breasts and genitalia and most
particularly the nipples, clitoris and labia - client may specific distribution
of strokes and degree of force with >12 strokes.  Special service covers female
genitals and nipple in one session.
(iv) interval no more than once every six weeks
(v) administered by (a) Level I therapists
(vi) locations (a) all Corporate Punishments Service Centers
(vii) authorization (a) office manager, (b) principal
(viii) chastisement of female genitals is always preceded by depilation
(ix) age restriction: lite or regular, must be 16 years of age; special, must be
18 years of age

Advisory - Work Impairment, 48 hr at regular level with female genitals: skin
breakage of nipples, labia and clitoris common 
in some cases impairment of sexual function for up to 10 days
marks may persist for up to three weeks
in some cases mild scarring

it should be noted that bondage is employed with all services



Special Mother Daughter Midweek Bargain Package
up to three daughters receive Level A full service and Level B lite service to
genitals and mother receives Level A full service and Level B special service
for the price of one Level A full service and Level B special service session
alone,
in by 8 AM out by 2 PM  Tues, Wens, Thurs only.

Church Mix and Match Package - 1 PM to 6 PM Sundays
Send us any mix of 12 mothers and daughters and we will provide Level A full
service and Level B regular service genital chastisement for half price.  Free
pick up and delivery.

Monday Nite Football Special
Drop off your wife at 7 PM and pick her up at midnight.  Level A full service
and Level B special service at 50% off list price.  Enjoy the football game in
peace and quiet

Schoolboard Sunday Special!
Discipline all the teachers in the entire school.   5 AM Sunday morning arrival,
12 noon departure.  All will receive Level A full service.  One third will
receive Level B lite service, one third regular service and one third special
service.  Pay for only the one third that get Level A full service and Level B
special service.  One month advance purchase necessary.  Minimum twelve, maximum
twenty

Corporate Wives Day Out Package
Bring your wife to work with you.  We will pick the girls up at 9:15 AM and
return them at 4:45.  Includes Level A full service and Level B special followed
by lunch, facial and a hair do!  All for the price of standard service alone
(Tues, Wens, Thurs only, minimum 6 girls, one week advanced purchase).

Frequent Abusers Program
Reserve one slot every Saturday for Level A full service and Level B regular
service and send a second girl along for free on the second and fourth Saturdays
of the month.  As part of our corporate family discipline program the free
chastisement sessions can be used for your wife or daughter!

Dynamite Corporate Deal
Full Discipline for All the Girls in the Office
If you have 20 to 30 girls in the office this deal could deliver for you. 
Reserve a Sunday date a month in advance and for one low price we will deliver
the following.  Pick the girls up at home and bring them to one of our corporate
service centers.  Level A full service and Level B special service sessions for
everybody including enemas and depilation!  When its over we will return the
girls home.  Price - unbelievable, total cost equal to the price of Level A and
Level B Saturday sessions for 5 girls.  Office performance lagging.  Here's the
way to buck it up at a rock bottom price.     

double click here to check schedules or set up an appointment

THANK YOU FROM YOUR FRIENDS AT CPI



John Wiley - Private Party

We helped the three battered girls into my private office and draped them over
chairs to recover.  Then I treated Mary, John, Paula and myself to hefty glass
of Marker's Mark.  There are times when Jameson is great.  There are times for a
Scot's whiskey.  But when you are feeling mellow there is nothing like a great
Bourbon.  Just a little bit of ice and lots of Marker's Mark. That's why I
practice law, so I can afford Maker's Mark.

Yes, I noticed her arousal.  I'm not sure anybody else did.  When Paula knelt
and bent over holding Meeshell's wrists her almost translucent blouse (bless
Mary for buying it) transilluminated and shifted such that I had the nicest view
of her nipples.  And I found her almost more fascinating than watching Meeshell
being beaten.  Yes Paula's nipples were becoming more and more erect.  And at
one critical point when she bent over, I could see that her labia were swollen
and dripping wet.  At that point I formulated a plan.  We would have a private
little session, just us two men and the five women.  Right here in my office. 
Fortunately, I keep a reasonable stock of toys in the liquor cabinet in my
office.  Just a whip and a couple of riding crops.  I never use them as part of
our corporate c.p. program but I do keep them around for pleasurable activities. 
Particularly back in the bad old days before the reformation when Mary and Helen
and Grace were attorneys.  I used to use my toys to keep the three girls in
line.  Now of course we do thing universally and equitably and in public.  And
for other things we have Corporate Punishments.

I asked Bill Lee what he thought of things so far.  He said he was absolutely
flabbergasted.  First at the efficiency of my operation and second that the
compliance of his most arrogant and troublesome employee was so readily
accomplished.  I said that all it took was the proper legal background, the
right corporate environment and the ability to move swiftly and decisively.  But
we understood these things for they are necessary in either real estate or law. 
I sent Mary and Paula off to get the clothes from the conference room.  Not that
I was intending for any of them to get dressed soon but I abhor disorder and
clothing lying around the place.  I refilled Bill's and my glasses and in a
quiet voice presented what would come next.  Crystal, Grace and Meeshell were
off in their own world and never heard a word. 

I explained that once the girls recovered their senses, they would be locked in
the stock room overnight.  Tomorrow morning Mary would drive the three girls to
the local office of Corporate Punishments, Inc., the company I had sent him the
information on.  They would be prepped up and then a thorough caning would be
administer to each of them.  Meeshell would hopefully be back to work on Monday
morning.  Unfortunately it would probably be a week before any of the three of
them would sit.  Possibly, they would have a few, small scars that would remind
them of their subservient status for quite some time to come.   If Bill wished,
I would make sure that during Meeshell's caning a significant number of blows
landed on her labia.  The sensation of fucking doggie style a cut and swollen
pussy is one of the truly unbelievable experiences in life, I explained to him. 
Meeshell's butt will in any case be too sore to take her in the missionary
position for at least a week and it is essential to roger her thoroughly and
frequently for the c.p. system to be effective.  So bright and early Monday
morning have her strip and bend over the desk and fuck the hell out of her. 
Then sodomize her and have her fellatio the shit encrusted dick.   By that point
90% of all women will be completely broken and you can do with her what you
like.  Very rarely, a particularly stubborn one will need to be sent back to
Corporal Punishments for a quick repeat session.  But not often.  Before we
broke for the night I had a special treat in store for him because of our long
and profitable friendship.

Mary and Paula arrived with the clothes from the conference room just at this
point.  "Most opportune timing" I said.  I explained "I was just explaining the
finer points of our disciplinary system to Mr. Lee.  You see that it works at
several different levels.  When a girl enters our system at a young and tender
age, like Paula here, she easily and readily adapts.  But when a girl is older
and particularly established in bad habits, Meeshell for example, stronger
methods are needed.  You both agree, don't you."  Mary and Paula were wise
enough to nod in agreement.  Paula, show us your understanding by taking your
blouse off.  The girl immediately complied.  Then I looked at Mary.  "Mary", I
said, "you were much harder to train.  In fact in your case it took years.  But
that happened during the early days of the reformation when we understood little
of what we were doing and there were so many evil voices at work."  She nodded
again but I knew she didn't like the direction that things were going. 
"Demonstrate your understanding and agreement by disrobing" I said. 

Bill Lee - Late Night Thoughts

Well I thought I had seen just about everything that evening but what came next
really opened my eyes. After the semi-public beating of the three women to a
bloody pulp we retired to John's office.  There he ranted on about his system
for a while and how it got absolute obedience from his employees.  Then he had
Mary Martin strip for me.  I was amazed for several reasons.  I was amazed
because first of all she was once one of the sharpest lawyers in Park Forest, a
partner in John's firm at twenty-six.  The fundamentalist revolution must really
be in place when a woman like her jumps at John's command.  Second, I was amazed
that this woman, who must be in her mid forties had such a fabulous body hidden
under those dowdy clothes.  Although she did not have enormous breasts or the
cutest ass she was marvelously well put together.  I have to admit that I got a
monstrous erection as she stripped.  A wry smile crossed John's face as he
suggested that I fuck her right on the couch there in his office. 

I have to admit that I jumped at the opportunity.  I was so aroused by
everything that had been going on that night, the naked bodies, the beatings,
and now Mary's body provocatively laid out before me, that I blew my load in
record time while giving negligible pleasure to the lady.  This didn't seem to
faze her in the least.  It was just part of her job.  Then John offered to have
Paula, his beautiful young intern blow me.  I almost died.  She led me from
detumescence to erection to ejaculation with a skill that would have done credit
to a courtesan in an oriental seraglio.  At this point I was wrung out and just
slumped into a chair with a fresh glass of bourbon place into my hand.

Then the real freak show began.  John commanded Mary to kneel with her hands
behind her head and her quite presentable breasts thrust forward.  OK.  Then he
produced a set of hand cuffs and a riding crop which he gave to Paula
instructing her to fasten the cuff to Mary's hands.  Paula complied whereupon
John commanded her to apply half a dozen sharp blows to each of Mary's nipples. 
And Paula complied with enthusiasm.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing. 
After having her nipples soundly whipped, Mary was instructed to lie down supine
on the coffee table with her butt and legs hanging off one end and her head at
the other end.  By this time Grace and Crystal had revived and were enlisted as
assistants.  They each grasped one of Mary's legs and forced them up toward her
head into what John explained was the diaper position.  This prominently exposed
Mary's genitals, displayed for all to see.  John now commanded Paula to whip
Mary's perineum mercilessly.  I must have seen Mary take 20 blows without
whimpering.  Then Crystal was made to perform cunnilingus on Mary while Grace
took Paula over to an adjacent chair and ate her pussy.  By this point I was
totally blown away and so Paula came over and gave me another blow job.  As this
indescribable orgy came to its conclusion, Meeshell was recovering her senses. 
I think that she was speculating that she was hallucinating and that the scene
going on around her was not real.  John convinced Meeshell of this world's
reality by having his mignons handcuff Meeshell's wrists behind her back and
then having Paula beat Meeshells breasts with the riding crop until her nipples
bled. 

Then just as he said, John had Crystal, Grace and Meeshell marched off to
storeroom to await their dawn session at Corporate Punishments Inc.  I wondered
if he would allow them the decency of clothes in the morning.  I left him, Mary
and Paula to what ever deviltry their perverted minds could come up with.  I
made it home despite innumerable glasses of wine and three very stiff Maker's
Marks only by the grace of God.  Sure enough when I got to work on Monday there
was the humblest Meeshell I have ever known.  It is true that I fucked her doggy
style over my desk and got blood from her lacerated buttocks all over my shirt
tails for my troubles.  Meeshell was so grateful she gave me an exquisite blow
job and licked the dust off my shoes with her tongue.  Within two months the
efficiency of my office staff doubled.  Three office girls left within two weeks
but the remaining six office girls did the work of nine and then even more. 
That was because of what happened out in the field.  I had had eight girls
working the field. Meeshell drove off half with her draconian tactics and hired
on two replacements.  Those six field girls doubled sales within two months and
keep the sales at those levels.  My profits quintupled.  I have to admit, John
Wiley III may be a damned pervert but he is the finest pervert it has ever been
my pleasure to work with.  And Meeshell makes sure that all the girls that I
fuck are on the pill.

Paula Murphy - What I Did On My Summer Internship

Yes, I spent the rest of the summer at Wiley and Associates.  Yes, I went back
to Mother of Mercy College in September and completed my senior year and
graduated Magna Cum Laude in Liberal Arts and Sciences.  Yes, I went to work for
Wiley and Associates.  Yes, John Wiley donated ten million dollars to Mother of
Mercy College and sits on the board of trustees.  Yes during my senior year I
helped to implement the new Mercy College disciplinary system.

My life was never the same.  I went to Wiley and Associates, Park Forest IL a
naive Catholic college girl.  Semi-pious but not really religious.  All I wanted
was a career where I could do something meaningful in a world that seemed to
relegate women to a second class status.  That Friday night I as I whipped
Mary's nipples I had an orgasm.  My first.  As I struck her pudendum repeatedly,
ripping cuts into her labia, I fingered myself to another orgasm.  My pussy was
eaten and I had another orgasm.  I beat Meeshell's breasts until blood was
running from her nipples and I had an orgasm.  Later that night as Mary flogged
my pussy I had a another orgasm.  When I lay in my bed at my uncle's house, I
manipulated myself to climaxes at least six more times in that thrashing night
of little sleep as images of women in pain raced through my mind.  I who had
never had a single sexual thrill in four years at a Catholic girl's high school
and three years at a Catholic girl's college discovered that God is a lesbian
and God revels in pain.  Why else would She have sent Her Son to dwell among us
and be put to death by the worst torture conceived by the cruelest era in human
history.  Now every girl in the office fears me.  And every girl in the office
worships at my feet.  And every Friday at Five O'Clock we have wine and cheese
and a nice Disciplinary Session.  And when ever I am sent to Corporate
Punishments Inc. for chastisement I usually have three to four orgasms.


Epilogue

Paula and David got married.  After Mary's daughter graduated from college, Mary
stepped down to a part time position splitting her time between Wiley and
Associates and Lee Realty. Paula became the office manager at Wiley and
Associates.  With Paula's help, David finally passed the Illinois Bar and became
first an Associate and eventually a partner in Wiley and Associates.  Using in
vitro fertilization (some things are never banned) Paula and David eventually
had a litter of four, two boys and two girls.  After the Restoration (for all
puritan revolutions eventually fail whether they be English, Russian, Iranian or
American) Paula was one of the first women admitted to law school in Illinois. 
She graduated from the University of Chicago Law School in one year and achieved
a perfect score in the bar examination.  She became a well respected, albeit
rather stern, judge.  All four of their children became physicians.  And they
all lived happily ever after.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  E. E. Norcod


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





