BDSM Library - Torture Island




Torture Island
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Torture Island is an island country founded by and for members of the BDSM community. The story describe island life for the slaves and masters.
Torture Island

MF/f enema bondage

Chapter 1 - The Enema Race

"Masters and Mistresses! Welcome to our new season of Enema Races!" Master Rick,
the  Master of Ceremonies announced as he looked over the crowd of fetish
attired men and  women in the stands. Most of them he noted had brought a body
slave with them keeling  naked before them to ease the pressures they were soon
to feel.

"We have selected a fine group of slutcunts to participate in this years event.
So with no  further ado, Let the Races Begin!" On the console set up on the
reviewing platform,  Master Rick pressed a button that sounded a short blast of
an air horn and looked over to  his left. From the end of the stands were lead 4
slave girls by four trainers. Each slave had  a leash attached to her collar
that was held by her trainer. Unlike the black leather jock  strap that Master
Rick wore, each of the trainers wore a colored leather Jock. The color of  the
Jock matched the small medallion that was attached to each slave's collar.
Completing  the slutcunt's uniform were wrist and ankle manacles and a ballgag
that matched the color  of the medallion. Their wrists were locked behind their
backs but the legs were free.

Behind the procession were 8 more trainers or track officials, two each wearing
the blue,  red, green and orange jocks of the team colors and each had a
carryall slung over his  shoulder. These trainers went out to the race track
which was a set of 4 lanes 100 feet  long. One trainer from each team stood
behind the lines of each lane and placed his  carryall behind him opened.

"Since a lot of you masters and Mistresses are new to Torture Island, let's go
over the  rules before we begin." Master Rick looked over at the 4 slutcunts,
"You four had better  pay attention."

"We start our season with 48 slaves split up into 4 teams. We will continue
racing  different events until we have 1 winner. The ultimate winner will live a
life of luxury and  comfort here on the Island. The losers will earn varrying
degrees of punishment. But we  will keep things interesting. There are prizes
and punishments for every heat and for every  round."

"The winner of this heat will receive 24 hours in a pleasure cell. We have had
all of the  slutcunts under Hypnosis and we will supply her with what we learned
was her ultimate  fantasy."

"Our second place loser will spend 24 hours in a work team cage satisfying all
20  members of the team. We have chosen a team that has not had sexual relief
for a month.  She'll have a great time in a 24 hour gangbang."

"For our third place loser, we will spread eagle her between 2 posts and wire
her up to our  computer controlled tens system. We will attach wires to the
piercing in her septum,  nipples, labia and clit. In addition we will attach
wires to her toung and insert wired plugs  in her pussy and ass. The computer
will provide random shocks of random duration and  power for 24 hours. Oh yes!
She will dance and scream nicely for us."

"We have a special treat for our fourth place loser. Two days, yes 48 hours as a
public  urinal! Two days of nothing to eat or drink but piss. And to make sure
that she stays busy,  We will be collecting the first morning piss of our slaves
to be fed to her whenever she's  not directly occupied."

Master Rick beamed as he saw that many of the Masters and Mistresses were
beginning to  press their body slaves into service. More and more crotches were
being hidden from view  by the head of a slave licking and sucking the cock or
cunt that was their only reason for  being, Rick reached over and pressed a
second button on his console. A slave dressed as a  French maid began walking
out to the platform. The bodice of her uniform  formed a demi  bra lifting and
offering her 40D breasts to the world. The built in corset compressed he  waist
down to 19 inches, thigh high stockings were held up by a garter belt. Her legs 
looked beautiful, ending in the 7 inch locking high heels. The rest of the
uniform consisted  of a frilly cap, slave collar, lace apron, wrist and ankle
cuffs. Her skirt and petticoat were  so short you could easily see the chastity
harness that locked away "her" cock and balls in  its tight grip but left her
asshole or boycunt available for use.

Master Rick liked his "girls" with that little something extra between their
legs, but he  liked them as fem as possible. The maid came onto the platform
using a walk that kept  everything in motion. It was the kind of walk that said
"I'm a slut, Fuck me!".  Rick  glanced at the tag hanging from her collar and
saw that "her" name was marie. She walked  in front of him and gracefully went
to he knees putting her mouth just inched from his now  bulging black jock.

"Our first event is a simple endurance and speed race. We're going to insert a
nice big  buttplug into each of our racers so retention won't be a problem. Each
of the plugs is  equipped with a nozzle and one way valve. The slutcunts will
step up to their starting line  and bend over to receive their first pint. They
will then race to the other end of the course,  turn around and bend over to get
their next pint and race back to the other end of the  course. Each of our race
officials have 4 syringes and the race will continue until they are  all used.
After the last slutcunt has crossed the finish line they will come back over
here to  the platform for the announcement of awards and the unplugging. That
ought to be fun  because each of the slaves will be carrying 1 gallon of liquid
in their guts by that time."

"Oh, and slutcunts, your shock collars are live, any balking or attempt to leave
the race  course will earn you a punishment shock."

"Now let's begin! Slutcunts, present asses!"

Each of the slaves turned around with their backs to the stands and bent over at
the waist.  The trainers each removed a large buttplug from a container attached
to their waist. Even  the plugs were in the team colors. In order to increase
the drama of the moment, the  trainers held the buttplugs up in front of the
faces of the slaves. This way they could see  the 3 inch diameter of the wide
portion of the plug that would soon be imbedded in their  asses. The trainers
walked around their charges and placed the tip of their plug at the  entrance to
the slave's asshole.

With obvious glee Master Rick called out. "Trainers! Drive your plug home!" As
the plugs  were pressed slowly into their asses, the slutcunts began grunting
and squealing around  their gags. Tears began to fill their eyes and drip down
their cheeks. Two of the slutcunts  attempted to pull away as the widest portion
pressed in.

"That's going to earn you each a punishment session later." Growled Master Rick, 
"Trainers, make a note about this."

The slutcunts were about to learn about punishment notes on Torture Island. The
red and  green jocked trainers reached into a second pouch on their jocks and
pulled out a small  weight attached to a short chain. The free end of the chain
had a small clip, this they  attached to the clit ring on each of their charges.

"Those notes will remain where they are until your punishment. The placement of
the note  and its size indicate the severity of the infraction and amount of the
punishment. The order  from least to greatest is your nose, nipples, labia and
clit. As you can feel you have been  very bad little slutcunts indeed. But on
the bright side you are fortunate that your trainers  selected the lightest
punishment notes. Too bad for you since the notes will add to the  difficulty
for your race."

Mean while up in the stands, the betting had begun. The masters and mistresses
did not  have to leave their seats or the hot mouths of their bodyslaves to
place bets on the  outcome of the race. On the right hand side of their seat was
a mini terminal where they  could enter their wagers. The masters of Torture
Island came from all over the world so  like any other nation, it had its own
money, tortoids. Tortoids were pegged to the Euro so  that conversion to and
from their native currency was easy. Payment for the wagers by the  masters and
mistresses could be made in either tortoids or slaves. The value of a slave was 
determined by the Appraisal Department of Torture Island's Governing body. The 
guidelines for assigning a slave a value were highly complex but suffice to say,
most slaves  were valued between 100 and 200 tortoids. All wagers had to be
settled before the master  or mistress left the arena. They could transfer money
form their local bank account,  transfer slave ownership, or transfer funds from
their home nations to satisfy any losses. In  the event that a master or
mistress was unable to pay off his or her losses he or she would  be converted
in a slave o fthe governing body. He or she would be appraised as well as  any
possessions he or she might have and this value deducted form the total owed.
The  remaining amount would become the cost of the new slave. The governing body
had the  right to sell the new slave at the cost value or the appraised value
which ever was higher.  The adjusted value of the slave was posted on the Island
intranet every evening. The value  was adjusted by adding the maintenance cost
for the slave, food, clothing, and medical,  and deducting the value of the
services he or she had provided that day. If the slave did  not require medical
treatment, they would at some point in the future become reasonably  priced and
sold. There was no possibility of paying off their debt and becoming free. 
Assignment into slavery was a one way street.

"Alright Slutcunts, stand up and face your audience." For the past 15 minutes
the  slutcunts had remained bent over with their backs to the stands so the
masters and  mistresses could get a good look at their plugged asses. After they
turned around, they  spread their legs to just a little wider than their
shoulders so that none of their charms  would be hidden.

At the end of another 15 minutes, Master Rick nodded to the trainers and the
slutcunts  were led to their starting line on their lane of the race track. Rick
turned around so that he  could watch the race and marie the French maid moved
around in front of him with her  face again just inches from his bulging black
jock. Her eyes never left the tool that was in  fact the center of her life.
Rick looked down and said "Marie". She looked up at this  command and he nodded
his head. Marie whispered "Thank you Master Rick." And  reached up to remove the
cod piece from the jock freeing his 10 inch long 2 inch thick  hard flesh
weapon. She began licking and kissing the head of his cock while holding it with 
one hand and cupping his balls with the other.

"I don't want to come until the winner crosses the finish line." He growled, "If
you are  late, you'll get to go through the losers ordeals with them, and if you
are early, you get the  same AND I'll have you roasted alive for one of our
picnics."

Turning his attention to the fearful racers, he said, "When I say Go! You will
bend over to  present the fill nozzle in you plug to your trainer. Your toes
will be behind the line and  your legs will be spread to wider than your
shoulders. When your trainer is satisfied that  you are in position, he will
attach the syringe to your plug and pump the liquid into you. If  you break
position he will stop until you are again in position. When the syringe is empty 
he will detach it and slap you on the ass. You will then race to the other end
of the track  100 yards away. After you cross the line you will turn and assume
your filling position and  wait for the slap to start again. Each track official
has 4 syringes so I'll let you do the  math."

The four trainers reached back an each pulled out a 1 pint syringe. Marie
stopped licking  Ricks cock and began to slowly deep throat it. Her's was going
to be a tough job because  the race would excite her master and she could not
see it progress with her back to the  racers.

"Ready,........,Set,.........,GO!"

Four slaves bent over and spread their legs as one. The trainers attached their
syringes to  the offered butt plugs and rammed the plungers in. Four slaps rang
out as one and four  desperate slave girls took off running or perhaps a fast
jog since a girl can't really run in  the 6 inch high heels they had locked on.
The slightly bowlegged step that they were  forced to use because of the butt
plugs didn't help their speed either.

"They'll be able to keep a fairly normal pace for the first 2 or three laps,"
Master Rick  informed the crowd, "but after they have a quart and a half to 2
quarts it will begin to slow  them down. They can't breath through the cramps
because of the ballgags and we won't  let them stop to ease them either."

Sarah, The red team slutcunt was slowly pulling ahead of the other slaves but
even this  early in the race you could see he wince every time her punishment
weight bounced.  "She's not going to do well in this race." Rick thought.
"Between the weight and the extra  strain she was putting on her abdominal
muscles she's going to begin feeling the cramps  very soon. And thinking about
not doing well. Marie is doing one hell of a job on my  cock. I figure I'll cum
about lap 5 at this rate."




Chapter 2 - Sarah

Sarah Milligan was 22 years old and had just graduated from college. She had
moved to  San Francisco to find work. On her last evening as a free woman she
had been walking  around the neighborhood when a white van pulled up beside her.
The side door of the van  flew open and 2 men jumped out, grabbed her by the
arms and pulled her into the van. She  opened her mouth to scream and a blond
haired woman pushed a penis gag into her mouth  before she could make a sound.
The muffled grunts she was now able to make couldn't be  heard outside of the
van now. A second woman pressed a button and the door to the van  closed sealing
her inside with these monsters. While the men pulled her arms back behind  her
she felt the van move off down the street. She felt metal on her wrists and
heard the  ratcheting of the handcuffs they put on her. The same was done to her
ankles a moment  later.

The second woman pressed a second button on a small box and spoke, " Ok, we got
her.  Lets head over for number 3 and we'll set her up back here."

Sarah started crying. The blond woman slapped her on the cheek. "Stop that we
have a lot  of work to do and you have a lot to learn and crying only gets in
the way"

The van had no windows but interior lighting kept it brightly lit. There was a
wall in the  front so she couldn't see the driver or where they were going.
There were cabinets  attached to the walls and one was open. On one side were
more of the penisgags like the  one invading her mouth hanging from pegs and on
the other side were more handcuffs.  Along the side were 6 more cabinets. Four
of these were labeled with large numbers 1, 2,  3, and 4 the other 2 were blank.
Her captors were all dressed alike, leather shorts and  open leather vests. The
vests on the women barely covered the nipples on their breasts.  Each of them
had a gold colored collar with matching  bands on their wrists and ankles. In 
the back of the van were 4 chairs. They were padded vinal with arm rests set in
2 rows.  One of the chairs was occupied by a girl. A naked girl! She was
strapped into the chair.  She was not gagged but she did have a steel collar
around her neck and she wasn't making  any noise.

Sarah was shaking with fear and mewing into her gag. Here she was gagged, hand
and  ankle cuffed, kneeling in the back of a van with one naked tied up girl and
four bizarre half  naked captors. She knew she was never going back to her
apartment again, that the men  were going to rape and kill her.

"Lets see if we got the right package before we unwrap it." The blond spoke up
in the  silience. She opened the cabinet marked 2 and pulled a folder out which
she opened. "You  are Sarah Milligan? I want you to nod your head for yes or
shake your head for no." The  seconds passed and Sarah didn't move. The blond's
hand shot out a slapped Sarah across  the face with a crack. Sarah's head turned
rapidly to the right and back. "When I ask a  question, I expect an answer. The
amount of pain you receive here depends on how  cooperative you are." Tears
welled up in Sarah's eyes and what was probably a scream  tried unsuccessfully
to get past the gag in her mouth. A reddening hand print was  becoming more and
more visable on her face. The brunette reached over and grabbed  Sarah's purse,
and found her wallet and pulled out her driver's license. She handed it over  to
the blond and said, "Lady Jannette, let's assume that she's going to continue
being a  stupid little girl and not cooperate with your most reasonable
requests. The license proves  that we have the right girl and it will be more
fun to ask her after we punish her." The  blond looked pensively at the folder
for a moment and replied, "You're right, Lady Lynn,  and I can't wait to strip
her down and get a good look at her." Lady Jannette put the  folder back into
the cabinet and pulled out a pair of sissors. She held them out and said,  "Sir
Mike, Sir Jim, will you do the honors?"

The man on Sarah's right reached over and accepted the sissors. "We would be
most  happy to. Sir Jim, would you hold her while I get to work? Sir mike moved
around in  front of Sarah brandishing the sissors. Now don't squirm around cunt
I wouldn't want to  cut you, not yet at least."

He reached out and grabbed the right sleeve of her tee shirt and cut from the
under side all  of the way down to the bottom hem. He then repeated the process
with her left sleeve.  Next he cut the top of her left sleeve and then the right
side. The tee shirt fell to the floor  in two pieces. Sir mike picked them up
and handed them back to Lady Jannette who put  the rags in a paper shopping bag.

Sarah knelt there in her lacy pink bra and her tennis skirt. Sir Mike reached
over and held  the hem of the skirt and cut up to the waistband. It too went
into the bag. Now they saw a  pretty young red head in matching pink bra and
thong in tennis shoes.

"Loose the shoes, they deffinatly don't go with the sexy underwear." Quipped
lady Lynn.  "What do you think, 36C chest, 22 inch waist and 38 inch hips? My
My, you are a sexy  little package." Sir Mike removed the shoes as Lady Lynn
continued. "I can't wait to play  with you. But we must move on. Even though it
won't matter later, I want to see if you  are a natural red head so lets see
some tits and fur!" Using the sissors, Sir Mike removed  the last 2 remaining
articles of clothing leaving Sarah naked and crying. "Oh you are a  redhead! I
love it, we don't get too many of those."

"Let's get you dressed in your new uniform." Quipped Lady Lynn, "I know you'll
love it  as much as we do." She reached into the number 2 cabinet and pulled out
a steel collar. Sir  Mike gathered her shoulder length hair and lifted it up to
bare her neck. "This is your  training collar." She was informed by Lady Lynn as
she placed it around her neck, "It  doesn't come off except to be replaced by
your working collar when you are trained. It  has some special features but
we'll get into some of them in a minute. It also signifies that  you are a slave
of the governing board of Torture Island. All slaves wear a collar and the 
color indicates their status. All colors are superior to training collars and
you must  instantly obey any order given by a superior. Gold collar are the top
of the food chain and  you will address and gold collared slave as Lady or Sir.
All other colors are addressed as  Slave. Free men and women do not wear collars
and will be addressed as Master or  Mistress. This is you absolute minimum
uniform but for you training you will also wear  these wrist and ankle cuffs as
well as a waist belt. Every thing locks on."

With that they began installing the items on her. Sarah shivered with each click
of the  locks. Oddly enough, they did not remove the hand and ankle cuffs she
already had on.  The two men grabbed her under her arms and dragged he back to
the second chair. There  were two rings on each side of her waist belt in
addition to the two placed in the front and  back, they were locked to short
chains on the chair binding her to it. Next they each took  a foot and removed
the original ankle cuffs and locked her legs to the legs of the chair.  "Bend
forward so we can do your arms!" There was no request in Sir Mike's voice. They 
freed and the locked her wrists to the chair arms.

Lady Jannette came over to Sarah and pulled what appeared to be a remote control
from a  holster on her shorts. "I'm going to explain 2 of the special features
of your collar and I  suggest that you listen closely. Your training collar
contains electrodes that are in contact  with your skin. If you are a bad slut I
can shock you." Lady Jannette showed Sarah the  remote it had four thumb wheels
and two rows of four buttons. The top right button  glowed red. "This button,"
putting her thumb over the left hand button on the second row,  "controls the
shock. The wheel controls how bad." She pressed the button and held it  down for
two seconds. The pain hit her like a blow. Her skin felt like it was on fire and
she  arched up as far as her bonds would allow. Even with the gag, her scream of
pain echoed  in the van. "That was a 2. A 10 will knock you out. We all have
these controllers so  behave. This brings us to the second feature. The collar
also contains sensors, if you make  noise or speak, when its activated, you will
receive a 5 second shock. This is your first  lesson in obedience, slaves only
speak when permitted to."

Sarah shivered while she removed her gag and locked her collar to the chair with
two  chains. She pressed the right hand button on her controller and it glowed
red like the one  above it. "Please...", and she began screaming as the shock
hit her. She writhed in her  bonds as the pain enveloped her.

"The sluts never listen." Chuckled Sir Jim.

Sarah and the other girl sat there in silence as two more girls were added to
the cargo in  the back of the van. Twice as the van drove after last pickup the
girls were offered water.  After several hours a voice came from the intercom.
"There's a hitch hiker up ahead, get  ready for a pickup."

The van stopped, the side door opened and the two men jumped out and returned
with the  hapless victim. Sarah's eyes opened in shock, the had captured a young
man. Over all his  treatment was the same as the rest except he was placed in a
hogtie on the floor of the van  because there were no more chairs.

Finally, after several hours, the van pulled to a stop. Sarah had fallen asleep
in her chair  and woke up when the van's door opened. Groggy from her nap, she
began to ask what  was going on and received her second shock from her collar.

Lady Jannette gave each of the captives a shot. "This will make you more
compliant while  we get you ready and loaded."

One by one they were released from their chains and removed from the van. When
it was  Sarah's turn she felt no energy to resist as the lifted her by her arms
and led her out. She  was still aware enough to look around her. The van and
three more were parked in a huge  hanger. It had to be a hanger because in there
was a large jet. Near the nose of the jet  there were ten gynocolical tables set
up. Most were occupied. There seemed to be as  many men as women strapped to the
tables.

She was brought to the first open table and chained to it much as she had been
to the chair  in the van. The chains were tightened so she could barely move.
Straps attached to the  table were added. One set above her breasts and another
below, on her upper arms and at  the knees. Two padded braces were pushed up
against the side of her head and fastened so  she couldn't move her head and an
additional strap went across her forehead.

A man and a woman came up to her table and looked her over. They both wore the
gold  collars of top slaves. Sarah blushed, total embarrassed to be seen naked
and spread open  for these strangers. She wanted to scream and beg to go home
but the memory of the pain  the collar caused kept this down to a small whimper.
Tears began to flow again from her  eyes.

"Oh look" Said the woman, "she's a natural redhead. Too bad no one will ever
know."

"The man replied, "Yea, nice. Lets get going, its been a long day already."

With this the man went up by her head and pulled out a syringe and proceeded to
take a  blood sample from her arm. The woman stood between her wide stretched
legs and  swabbed a sample from her vagina. She handed the swab to the man and
he walked off  behind her with both the samples.

"My name is Lady Ann and my co-slave is Sir Mike. We're going to prepare you for
your  trip to your new life. He'll be back soon with the results of your tests
so while we're  waiting we might as well take care of this." She reached down
and ran her fingers through  Sarah's pubic hair. "Slave girls don't have any
hair below their necks." Sarah tried to pull  her crotch away from the toying
fingers but she was too tightly bound. Lady Ann reached  under the table and
began pulling on a set of rubber gloves. Next she picked up a wide  mouthed jar
filled with a thick blue paste. Humming tunelessly she scooped out some and 
began spreading it all over her body. She covered Sarah's arms and legs with the
goop.

"It may sting a little as it works in and dissolves the roots so remember that
your collar is  still active." Lady Ann paused and gave Sarah a wink. She
scooped out another handful of  the blue jell and began on her shoulders.
"Strictly speaking, there isn't really any hair on  your tits but it feels soo
nice to rub it in." Lady Ann spent several minutes rubbing and  squeezing
Sarah's breasts and nipples before she worked down her stomach. As she was 
slathering the goop on Sarah's cunt and ass, Sir Mike came back over.

"Good, you finish up with her cunt and then we can begin with her jewelry. And
by the  way little slutcunt, I have some good news and some bad news." Sir Mike
had a big grin  on his face, "Well, good news for us and bad news for you. Lady
Ann, the tests came out  clean so we are going to keep her." He looked down at
Sarah's face and saw the  hopelessness in her eyes and said, "Slut, if you'd had
any STD's, AIDS, or any serious  disease, we would have red-tagged you and sent
you to the Playroom."

"No slave leaves the playroom alive." Informed Lady Ann, "that's where there's
no limits  on what a Mistress or Master can do. They play with you until you are
dead! Do anything  you have to so that they don't clip one of these on your
collar." She held up a small red  medallion with a gold letter "P" imprinted on
it. "It's a death sentence, usually a long and  painful death. Once it's clipped
on, it can't come off."

Lady Ann reached under the table and brought out a hose and a washcloth. She
began  spraying Sarah with warm water and rubbing her with the cloth. The goop
on her body  was washed away along with her hair. "Just so you understand, your
hair will never grow  back. You will spend the rest of your life hairless and as
smooth as a baby." When she  finished, she replaced the hose and disposed of the
washcloth and the rubber gloves. She  picked up another pair and tossed them on
Sarah's stomach where Sir mike picked them  up and put them on. She then got a
pair for herself. Next she took a tube of clear liquid  and squirted it all over
Sarah's body. It smelled faintly of flowers and hospitals. "This is a 
combination of anti-bacterial and soothing balm. It's probably the nicest thig
that's going  to happen to you for a long time." Both Sir Mike and Lady Ann
began spreading the liquid  all over Sarah's body.

Lady Ann looked over to Sir Mike and asked, "Top or Bottom?" 

"I'll take the bottom this time, I'm in the mood for pussy." Thinking about his
answer  made Sarah's eyes open wider and her breath to quicken.

Lady Ann moved up to Sarah's head while Sir Mike went between her legs and
pulled out  a short stool and sat down.

"We're going to turn off your collar and gag you because you will be crying out.
We can  still punish you if you need it." Lady Ann picked up a penis gag and
brought it to Sarah's  mouth. She closed her mouth and tried to shake her head.
Sir Mike said, "The next shock  will be at level 3." Sarah seemed to fall into
herself and opened her mouth. This gag was  different from the one that she had
worn in the van. The head of the penis had a hole in it  that ended with a
plastic connector on the outside of the gag. As soon as the gag was  locked on
her head Lady Ann inserted a plug in the connector.

Sir Mike inserted a speculum into her cunt and opened her wider than she
believed  possible. Sarah began mewing and crying for him to stop. Tears
streamed from her eyes  and her muscles corded as she fought the pain. Both Lady
Ann and Sir mike ignored her  reactions as he peered deep into her body. "She's
not a virgin." Was his only comment.

While Lady Ann took a needle and pierced her septum, Sir Mike pulled out a cunt
lip and  did the same. They inserted rings in the holes and closed them with
pliers. They continued  working until Sarah had rings in her nose, ears,
nipples, and two in each cunt lip. Sir Mike  held up a ring and showed it to
Sarah. "This last one is very special." He took what looked  like a small rubber
band with a hook at each end and placed one hook in one of the rings  in her
cunt lip. He stretched the band, pulling out her cunt lip, over her thigh and
hooked it  to a small ring on the side of the table. He did this with the other
three rings spreading her  cunt open. Using his finger he teased her clit until
it poked out from under its hood.  Taking a pair of forceps, he pulled her clit
out, stretching it until she screamed into her  gag. He then proceeded to pierce
and ring her clit.

Lady Ann stroked Sarah's cheek. "Easy little slave." She cooed. All slave get
ringed. And  just so you know, they are permanent."

Sir Mike installed the last two items in her body. They consisted of a catheter
and a large  butt plug. He then removed the rubber bands from her cunt lips.
Sarah lay there in pain.  Lady Ann reached up and turned on a light bulb mounted
above Sarah's head then she and  Sir Mike knelt on each side of the table and
bowed their heads.

As they waited Sarah became more and more aware of the pressure building in her 
bladder. It had been 8 hours since she had peed but the catheter had a valve at
the end and  Sir Mike had closed it after he had allowed it to fill with her
urine.

A man and a woman walked up to the table next to Sarah. The first thing that
Sarah  noticed was that they were the first people she had seen without collars.
They stood there  looking over the slave before them. The woman spoke, "Report
slaves".

Another female voice began, "Mistress. Master. The slave is ready for transport.
His test  came back clean. He is 17 years old. When erect he is 6 and 1/2
inches."

"That's a rather puny excuse for a cock." Commented the Mistress. "She might as
well be  a girl. What do you think Tom, pink?" The man spoke for the first time,
"Yes pink it is.  Load her up."

They walked over to Sarah's table and looked her over. She began blushing and
squirming  under their clinical gaze.

"So what's the story with this one?" Asked the man.

Lady Ann began, "Mistress. Master. This slave is ready for transport. Her test
came back  clean. She is 22 years old, a natural redhead and she is not a
virgin."

"Being a redhead she'll mark well under the whip. Strong legs, and wide hips, I
think  She'll be perfect for the races." The man commented to the woman. "Tag
her blue for  now, if I am wrong, she can always be a pony."

Sir Mike reached down and clipped a small blue medallion to Sarah's collar. He
and Lady  Ann then proceeded to release her from the table. Even though the drug
that they had  given her was still keeping her docile, they were taking no
chances. A three ended leash  was attached to the rings in her nipples and clit
before they began to remove her other  bonds. They attached a short chain
between her ankle cuffs and locked her wrists behind  her back.

They lead her to the rear boarding ramp of the waiting jet and up the stairs
into its well  lighted interior. Sarah was having trouble standing up straight.
Her bladder was over full  and she desperately needed to pee and the huge butt
plug wasn't helping either. The rear  compartment was filled with about 100 of
the same chairs as the van. About half of the  chairs already contained a naked
slave. They led her over to an empty chair and locked her  into it as before.

Lady Ann reached up and pulled down a hose that was hanging from the roof. She 
attached it to the nozzle on Sarah's gag. " This is your feeding tube it will
deliver food and  water periodically. Sir Mike is attaching your waste pipes."
Sarah felt a small section of  the seat of her chair being removed and then
something pressing on the butt plug in her  ass. Next she was able to see Sir
Mike attach a hose to her catheter. The last thing he did  was open the valve.
Sarah almost cried in relief as her over full bladder began to empty.

Sir Mike stood up and looked at Sarah. "Your collar is active again so remember
not to  make any noise. Goodbye cunt!"

Sarah sat chained to her chair as the slave compartment was slowly filled. At
various times  liquid would be pumped into her gag, sometimes it was thin and
watery, sometimes it was  thicker. At times her butt plug would activate and
fill her abdomine with warm liquid she  would remain filled for what felt like a
long time and then pumped out. Other than that, no  one paid any attention to
her. She was just one more slave in a room of slaves.




Chapter 3 - Jennifer

Maid Jennifer stood beside the bed of her Master and Mistress waiting in case
they might  need anything while they relaxed and watched the latest Playroom
video. Jenny had been  the Henderson's maid for two months and had learned to be
very obedient to this cruel  couple. Rob and Linda Henderson lay back and
enjoyed themselves. Between each of their  legs lay a hogtied body slave, their
heads bobbing up and down as they orally ministered to  the sex organs before
them. The room reeked of sex. The body slaves were double  plugged and the
Hendersons were controlling the speed and action of the slave's mouths  with the
vibrator's controls.

Not for the first time that night, Jenny felt her cock attempt to stir within
her pussy pants.  Jenny had been known as David when he had been captured and
brought to the island. The  Masters had decided she would make a better girl
than remain a boy. They had used a  combination of drugs and surgery to
transform her into a shemale. She had been  conditioned to obedience and to act
a feminine as possible at all times. This left her with  40D breasts, 24 inch
waist, 38 inch hips and a fully functional cock and balls. The last was  sealed
within a realistic rubber pussy shield that was glued to her groin. Jenny felt
pre-cum  flowing through the tube in her cock to her rubber vagina adding to the
wetness of her  already soaked panty crotch.

Jenny had been sealed into the pussy pants when the Hendersons had selected her
from the  general slave pool to be their maid when they arrived on the island 2
months ago. The  pussy pants were constructed to allow her cock to be stimulated
when someone played  with her clit or fucked her.

Tomorrow the Hendersons were leaving the island to return to the real world and
Jenny  and the rest of the temporary staff were being returned to the general
slave pool. There  her service to the Hendersons would be evaluated and she
would receive any punishments,  rewards or retraining that the Masters decided
she had earned while she waited to be  reassigned to other duties.

Jenny stood there perched on locking 6 inch high heels and in her pink satin
uniform.  Mistress Linda liked her in pink, she said it made her look so fem and
sexy. Jenny's  conditioning would take over and she would blush and say, "Thank
you Mistress, I love  being sexy for you."

"We won't be needing you anymore tonight Jenny. You can go." Master Rob informed 
her, "Wake us at the usual time. We have a busy day tomorrow."

Jenny curtsied and intoned "Thank you Master. Sleep well Master Rob, Mistress
Linda."  Jenny turned and left the room, tits bouncing and hips gyrating. It was
a walk that the  most jaded hooker would envy.

Deep inside Jenny's mind she hated what she had become. Her conditioning made
her into  a sexy blond bimbo obedient to everyone. She was crying inside as she
bounced along  towards the servant's lounge where she would perform her last
duty of the day. Jenny  walked into the lounge where the other 15 slave servants
waited for her. She pulled down  the top of her uniform displaying her breasts
in their demi bra. Next she removed her frilly  lace panties and placed them on
a table. She walked to the center of the floor and knelt  down on her knees.

"The Master and the Mistress have retired for the night and as they have
decreed, you may  all find satisfaction in my mouth." Jenny hated this part of
her day. Mistress Linda had  decided that the household ran smoother if the
slaves had an opportunity to cum, all of the  slaves that is except Jenny. One
by one the slaves would present their cock or cunt to  Jenny who would use her
mouth until he or she came. The nightly events were video taped  and edited
versions were packaged and sold by the island's video production company. 
Videos of sex, rape, bondage, and, punishment were the largest source of income
for the  island.

After Jenny had completed her oral service she was allowed to retire to the cell
she shared  with the other 3 maids. Two of her cellmates were shemales like
herself but the third was a  genetic female. This was very unusual, not because
she was a maid, but because she was  housed with shemales. The Henderson's had
brought Tina to the island with them. She  would not be going back with them.
One of the rules of the island was that the only slaves  allowed to leave wore
the gold collar of the highest level and most trusted. Tina still wore  the
steel collar of the lowest slaves. This was the same collar that the three
shemale maids  wore. Second, on her first day in the Henderson's island mansion,
she had been fucked in  all three holes by both of the other maids. Jenny was
not able to participate because she  had already been sealed in her pussy
panties. Tina was unaware that these two acts meant  that not only would she
remain on the island but that her status had been lowered to that  of a shemale.
All of the other servants had been told not to enlighten her.

Once the girls had closed the door on their cell, setting the time lock, they
were  considered on free time. Free time for shemale slaves meant orgy time. It
was usually the  only time in their day where they were allowed to fuck and not
just be fucked. The nightly  blowjob was not normal in their lives and probably
would not have been allowed if it had  not been Jenny giving them.

As Jenny undressed with the other girls she reflected that under normal
circumstances she  would either be able to remove her pussy panties for the
night, or would not be wearing  them at all like her two cellmates. Wearing
pussy panties during free time usually meant  you were being punished, but Jenny
had been wearing them for the entire two months she  had been in service here.
And with a real cunt available, there wasn't much interest in her  rubber one.
Also she was horny as hell because she was being given the 3 times dosage of 
hormones and sex drugs normal for a punishment.

The four of them finished undressing and crawled onto the king sized bed. While
Barbara  and Lisa proceeded to fuck Tina's brains out, Jenny lubed up a 10 inch
rubber dildo and  tried to calm her libido with a couple of quick orgasams. Tina
squealed in delight as her  cunt was pounded, first by Barbara and then by Lisa.
Jenny groaned in frustration, wishing  for the thousand time that her cock were
free of these horrible pussy panties and that she  could seek relief in a cunt,
ass or mouth.

Later, Jenny got off the bed and went over to the feeding station. This was a
duty she  performed once a day. She knelt on the padded stool facing the wall
and placed her wrists  and ankles in the open shackles. The cuffs closed as they
sensed her limbs. They would not  open until the feeding cycle was completed.
She now had 10 seconds to finish positioning  herself before the computer
controlling the feeding station began shocking her through he  collar. She
leaned forward into the face mask on the wall and sucked the short penis 
gag/feeding tube into her mouth. Her world went dark and silent as the face mask
closed  around her head. She felt the wast belt close around her and press down
so she couldn't  raise up off of the stool. The computer scanned her medallion
to determine her identity.  Two small screens in the mask lit up and the
speakers over her ears crackled to life.  "Identity confirmed, Jennifer,
shemale. Program modification one - currently sealed in  pussy panties. Program
modification two - all drugs administered at punishment levels. 
Feeding/Cleansing program begins.

Small doors in the wall and floor opened and mechanical arms with syringe
needles began  giving her her shots in her breasts, ass, and stomach. She felt a
stinging and warmth  spreading over her body, from the sites of the shots. In
just a couple of minutes, her body  was covered in a light sheen of sweat. The
chemicals produced a side effect similar to a  hot flash which lasted for about
an hour.

The feeding dick began spurting small amounts of food in her mouth. The
designers of the  machine had decided to make the liquid diet of females and
shemales taste like cum so it  was determined that it might as well be delivered
like cum. She would sit there sucking  and swallowing her dinner from an
ejaculating rubber cock The normal feeding cycle  alternated cum wth a thin
liquid that tasted like breast milk, but since Jenny was under  punishment her
liquid tasted like warm piss. Not regular piss but the strong pungent first 
morning piss. It was just one more humiliation to teach her what a cocksucking
sub- human toilet she had become. The piss and the cum, aside from containing
all of the  nutrients she needed were also laced with more hormones and drugs.

From the floor, rose two dildos. The one for her pussy had a rubber cup at its
base that  molded to her vagina. The dildo would spray water and cleaning agents
up her cunt to  douche her and the cup drained the liquid away. The cup also
allowed her to pee normally   as a girl. The anal dildo would deliver and pump
out her three cleaning enemas and her  fourth retention enema. The first two
enemas contained water and soap to clean out and  fecal matter she may have
produce in the last 24 hours and any cum that had been  deposited by the rutting
males she was forced to service. The third enema was clear water  to wash any
soap residue away. Three times she was filled to the bursting point and  drained
with mechanical efficiency.

It was the fourth enema that Jenny really hated. It was delivered hot, hot
enough to feel  like she was being slow cooked from the inside making her sweat
even more. It was larger  than the other three, bloating her stomach to the
point where she looked pregnant. Jenny  had to hold this enema for 30 minutes
while the chemicals in it were absorbed by her body.  Thirty minutes of feeling
like her stomach was going to split open, spilling her guts out on  the floor.
Thirty minutes of pain and cramps that had her crying and fighting her bonds.

During the whole feeding and cleaning process the computer ran its training and 
conditioning program. Some of the drugs in the mix made her receptive to this
form of  training. The result was that Jenny had the mind, mannerisms, skills
and attitude of the  perfect slave girl.

When the computer released her, Jenny would shower and perfume herself then fix
her  hair and makeup before crawling back into bed. She was trained to make
herself pretty in  case any one would want to use her during the night. And
Jenny would be used during the  night, but not for sex. The Henderson's had
instructed her three cell mates that if they had  to pee while in the cell, they
were to use Jenny. Several time every night Jenny would  wake up to a cock or a
cunt ready to piss in her mouth. And she mustn't spill a drop. The  punishment
was to be strapped into a heavy wooden chair with a metal dildo up he ass and 
wires clipped to all of her rings receiving random electric shocks for 1 hour.
She would  scream herself horse while straining to arch up against the wide
leather straps. If she  passed out during the punishment, they would wake her up
and continue and add one  more hour to her sentence. After the punishment, Jenny
would be barely able to walk but  she had to hurry and get cleaned up and
dressed to complete her daily duties or there  would be punishment for that
failure.




Chapter 4 - Enema Race Part 2

The race was over, the slutcunts were being lead over to the reviewing stand so
that the  results could be announced. The slaves staggered slowly each carrying
a one gallon enema  churning in her bowels. Tears were streaming from their eyes
from the bloating of their  stomachs and the cramps that tore at them and
prevented them from even walking fully  upright. They looked like four pregnant
girls marching to their execution. It was much  worst than that, they wouldn't
die, and it was going to happen again and again.

Up on the reviewing stand Master Rick was beaming. The race had been a total
success so  far. You know you've run a successful race when the looks of fear on
the sutcunt's faces  competed with the pain. As a proper desert to this Marie
knelt before him, his cock still in  her warm sucking mouth and crying. She had
managed to hold off his orgasm until the  sixth lap so she knew she was going to
die.

"Masters and Mistresses, I'm sure you will agree that was an excellent opening
race, but  before we announce the official results we have some business to take
care of. I had a side  bet with my maid Marie. Stand up Marie and welcome your
fans!" The crying shemale  reached up and replaced Master Rick's still hard cock
and balls in his leather jock and  stood next to him facing the stands. "All she
had to do was make me cum when the winner  crossed the finish line. The greedy
little slut couldn't wait past the sixth lap! So, as the first  part of her
award, she will be joining each of our losers as they collect their awards." 
Master Rick paused while the members in the stands applauded Marie's award. When
it  died down he continued, "The second part of her award is even better. We're
going to  take her down to the Party Prep Tent and live-roast her at the next
Island Picnic!" This  brought a huge happy roar from the stands.

Marie slumped to her knees and covered her face with her hands as she cried.

"Before we let our racers empty out we'll get on with the official race results.
Our first  place winner is the orange team represented by slutcunt Sue. Sue wins
one point for the  orange team and 24 hours of her fantasy in a pleasure cell.
Fortunately, even though she's  gagged, we already know what her special fantasy
is. Sue wants to make love to a girl  with a dick. We've arranged for two of our
most feminine, and well hung, shemales to  help her realize her fantasy."

"Our first loser, in second place, is from the blue team. Step forward Ming!"
The blue  jocked trainer pulled the tiny oriental slave forward. Being only 5
feet tall and of slight  build, she showed the effects of the one gallon enema
more than the other sluts. Master  Rick was secretly supprised that she had done
as well as she did, where the other sluts  looked three months pregnant, Ming
looked six! The cramps made it impossible for her to  stand up straight and you
could see the pain in her eyes. Master Rick ordered, "Marie,  stand up next to
your co-loser so that you can get your award." Marie was so lost in her  fear
that she did not, at first, hear Master Rick's order. Master Rick nodded to the
blue  team trainer and he drew a riding crop from the waist belt of his jock and
sharply struck  Marie's ass with it. Marie caught the strike on the right cheek
of her bare ass and shrieked  in pain.

"Get up you stupid cunt!" growled the trainer. Stand over here next to Ming as
Master  Rick ordered." Marie scrambled to her feet and took her position. The
blue trainer reached  into his pouch and brought out 2 large punishment notes.
He reached under Marie's skirt  and attached them to the small ring through the
head of her cock. "Maybe that will teach  you to pay attention." As he withdrew
his hand the crowd in the stands could see the head  of her cock and the two
punishment notes hanging below the hem of her skirt.

"The award for second place is to be a fucktoy for 24 hours for a slave work
team."  Announced Master Rick cheerfully. "We have selected two twenty men teams
that have  made their work quotas and have not had sexual relief for more than a
month. The work  team that gets Ming is going to be really pleased, we usually
use shemales like Marie for  this duty, so they're going to pay particular
attention to her tight little cunt."

"OK Ming, you can go back in line now. In third place, we have Lynn from the
green  team. Our third place award is rather special. I hope that these little
slutcunts like to dance  because that's what they're going to do. We're going to
spread eagle them in frames and  wire them up to a computerized shock machine,
and watch them dance for 24 hours! We  are going to wire up all of their rings
and place metal dildoes in their cunts and asses. We  also have a large number
of needles to stick into them where they don't have rings. To put  us all in
that special dance club mood, all of their connectors are equipped with LED's
that  light up when powered. We don't want to waste our dance music, so if our
dancer faints,  we stop the clock until she is awake again. Since we have two
girls dancing, we have  decided to modify the rules a little. When one girl is
unconscious, we will stop the clock,  but, the dancer who remained awake will
continue to dance. The clock only runs when  both dancers are awake."

"And now for the winner of fourth place, Sarah of the red team. Please step up
next to  Marie. Slut." Sarah slowly hobbled up to take her position next to the
crying shemale. She  was visably trembling, because she knew her punishment was
going to be the worst of all.  "For the slutcunt that came in last, we have
devised an award that will not only teach her a  valuable lesson, but provide a
public service as well. The lesson is that it truly sucks to  come in last, and
the public service is to become a public urinal for 48 hours. We're going  to
strap them to poles a position them so their mouths are cock and cunt high for
easy  access. The clocks will then be started, but in order to insure that they
get the full benefit  from their lesson, the clocks will only run while they are
actually drinking piss. After you  finish pissing, press the flush button on
their pole and that will deduct 15 seconds from  your urinal's time. If she
spills any of your golden goodness, we will add 5 minutes to both  of their
clocks. It also means that you can use their mouths for other purposes without 
depriving them of any of the lesson time they have earned."

Master Rick reached over to his console and pressed a button. "All of the awards
have  been passed out so now its time to empty the sluts." From the left side of
the audience,  four ponygirls appeared pulling an enema honey cart. Mounted on
the cart was a large  clear plastic rectangular container. It was 8 feet long by
4 feet wide by 3 feet tall. Perched  on the top, in the center was a clear
plastic cylinder with a toilet seat. Mounted on the  back of the cart were
stairs leading to the top of the container. The container, or honey  tank,  was
filled to a level of about 6 inches of brown liquid. The liquid in the honey
tank  was expelled enema. Kneeling in the tank was a maid in full uniform
covered with the  solution. The trainer leading the ponygirls, stopped them in
front of the stands.

"Marie will be performing the service of lady's maid for our racers." Announced
Master  Rick. Marie walked  over to the stairs to the honey tank and climbed up
to the top of the  tank. The ponygirl trainer dropped the lead rope he was
carrying, telling his charges to  stay in place and followed Marie up the
stairs. They stopped by the toilet and he flipped  the lid and seat open. He
lifted Marie up and lowered her into the tank. The trainer called  down to the
other maid in the tank, "Hey Barbie, Marie here will be taking this stop. You 
can relax and enjoy yourself." The trainer lowered the seat back into place but
left the lid  open.

"Sue, as our first place winner, you can relieve yourself first." Sue and her
trainer  proceeded over to the stairs and climbed up to the top of the honey
tank. Since she was  still bound in her harness and practically doubled over,
the two trainers helped her sit on  the toilet seat. Sue was crying from a
combination of the pain from the cramps and the  embarrassment of having to
expel her enema in public. She just sat there waiting, they had  not removed her
butt plug and there was no way she was going to push it out herself.

"Spread your legs cunt, there're people in the stands that want to watch!" her
trainer  barked. The other trainer tapped her feet apart with his foot. When he
was finally satisfied  that her legs were spread open enough he joined Sue's
trainer by the head of the stairs.

"Alright, Marie, time for you to do your duty as a lady's maid. Poor Sue needs
to relieve  herself." Commented Master Rick. "And by the way, for me, keep your
mouth open while  you work, I want you to get the full experience." Marie knelt
under Sue's ass. She opened  her mouth and reached up to open the valve on Sue's
catheter. Yellow urine flowed out of  the catheter over Marie's face. Sue and
all of the racers had been emptied and cleaned out  and fed the night before.
They were then chained to their cots in the racers cell block. The  racers diet
included dieuretics and laxatives so her bladder was full to bursting after more 
than 17 hours. When the flow finally stopped, Marie closed the valve and
swallowed the  urine in her mouth. Next she reached up and pulled the butt plug
out of Sue's ass. Marie's  face and hair were quickly covered with the brown
viscus enema solution. Finally, Marie  was totally covered in shit and Sue was
blessedly empty. Marie replaced the butt plug and  Sue was led away.

The procedure was repeated with Ming and then Lynn. Just as the trainers were
going to  lead Lynn away Master Rick stopped them, "Remove her punishment point
and put her in  the tank. She can wait there until she collects her award."
Sarah received the same  treatment. There were now 3 slutcunts and one shemale
in the honey tank as it was pulled  over to the stands for the audience to use.
By the time the ponygirls began pulling the cart  to its next stop, it was
already half full of shit and piss.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir_Bor


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





