BDSM Library - Forever




Forever
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couples journey into the world of bondage and commitment to each other forever. They grow in their own method of Master/slave relationship.
Forever

By Dingo_Dave

******************************************************

WARNING: This story is fiction, and should be treated as such. The following
story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of
explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, DO NOT
read any further. If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read it.

Reposting or any other use of it is strictly prohibited without the express,
permission of the author.

DISCLAIMER: All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either
alive or dead is purely coincidental.

******************************************************




Chapter 1 The Beginnings

Sally sat at her dressing table, deep in thought, running her fingers around the
new necklace that Paul had given her. The necklace was a gold neck-ring that had
a gold disk with initials engraved on it, and was much like a silver one the
Sally already had. But while this one looked a lot like her other one, it was a
lot different. For one thing, the initials on it were not her SKE, but Paul's
PLC. The more important difference, though, was that the neck-ring she owned had
a clasp that resembled two hooks, which simply connected together to keep in on
her neck. This one that Paul had given her, however, just had two closed loops
on the ends with the holes just big enough for the shank of the small lock,
which lay open on the dressing table in front of her.

As she gazed at the ring, she also could see herself in the mirror. She was just
about dressed for the business reception that Paul had asked her to accompany
him to. Sally knew that he would be pleased with her choice of a dress for this
evening. A red affair, that was just a little too short for the reception but
had a respectable neckline, that just showed a hint of cleavage from her 36C
breasts. A sexy hint, without being sluttish. Sally had just spent a lot of time
fixing her hair, which went just below her shoulders, so that it framed her face
perfectly. She had added a pair of blue topaz earrings, that dangled from the
holes in her ears and almost matched the blue of her eyes. She did not need much
makeup, for she had a natural beauty that most women only have in their dreams.
Sally realized that that she would have to put on lipstick because she was
biting her lower lip.

She was in deep thought about the neck-ring. She slowly put it around her neck
to check the fit. It was perfect. The disk would dangle right in the hollow of
her neck, just below her adam's apple. But Sally's thoughts were on Paul's words
when he had given the neck-ring to her, last weekend. Sally knew that once she
put the necklace on and closed the lock, there would be no turning back. For
only Paul had the key, and if she put it on, she would be his, totally.

Paul's instructions had been very explicit. Sally and Paul had been
experimenting with bondage for a while, but this was different. Once Sally put
on the neck-ring, it would tell Paul that she had agreed that her body would
belong to him. From 6 P.M. Friday, until noon the following Sunday, he could do
anything that he wanted to her, and she would be totally in his control for the
entire time. Paul had wanted her to make up her mind before Friday, so he had
imposed the deadline of wearing the necklace to the reception Wednesday. She
would wear it to the reception, or not at all. Sally knew that this meant a lot
to Paul, but if she decided not to put it on, it would not be the end of their
relationship. But if she did, well, it just might open a new chapter. She had
never before committed to him for a length of time like this. A few hours maybe,
but not for days.

Sally thought back on how all this bondage stuff started anyway. It had been on
an evening that they had gone over to Tammie and Sam's house for a cook out.
Tammie was in the kitchen, and the men were outside. Sally was sitting on the
couch, when she noticed a pair of handcuffs on the coffee table. Curious, she
picked them up to examine them. While she had seen pictures of them on TV and in
the newspapers, she had never seen any close up. She was turning them gingerly
over in her hands, amazed at how shinny but solid they were, and she felt a
stirring between her legs as she imagined how it would feel to wear them. She
had often day-dreamed of being the damsel-in-distress, or kidnapped and then
forced to do "nasty" things.

"You know, they won't bite," Tammie said, startling Sally.

"I, I, I, was just looking," Sally stammered, embarrassed that she had been
caught with them.

"Why don't you try them on?" Tammie responded. "I find that they can be quite
fun. Have you never tried them before?"

"These are yours?" Sally asked, confused.

"Well, yes," Tammie answered. "They are not against the law, you know. Come on,
give me your hand."

Tammie took the handcuffs from Sally and grabbed her right hand. Before Sally
could protest, Tammie put the handcuff next to her wrist and pressed down.
Click, click, click went the cuff, and then suddenly the cuff opened. One piece
came flying between the gap in the other two, and then around Sally's wrist with
a snap. Tammie gently squeezed the cuff and it responded by closing around her
wrist, noisily clicking as the circle of steel closed.

"Come on, give me your other hand," Tammie ordered.

Without thinking, Sally complied, and the process was repeated with the other
wrist.

"There you go," Tammie commented, as she turned, and then returned to the
kitchen.

Sally was staring at the cold, gleaming steel, that surrounded her wrists. They
were heavy, but not enough to weigh her hands down. Though, much heavier than
any bracelet she owned. The two cuffs were connected by three links of chain, so
she could hold her hands about 4 inches apart, but that was it. Sally gave a
little tug on the chain but there was no give, and the bracelets dug into her
wrists. The cuffs were round, so Sally could twist her wrist in them. She took
her left hand and grabbed the right cuff to examine it. It had a single, solid
bar on the bottom, but the top was actually two pieces, held together with
enough room between them for the solid piece to fit through.

Sally had rather small wrists so she moved the cuff down to see if she could fit
her hand through the cuff. Tammie had closed the cuff too tight for that,
however. Sally wasn't sure what she should do with her hands. Funny, she had
never thought about her hands before, but now she was very conscience of them.
Finally, she just placed them in her lap. She continued to move her wrists, to
see if there was a way out, even though she knew there was not. The chain made a
soft tinkling sound as she tried to escape their steely grasp. The more she
worked to get out of them, the more that she knew that she could not, and the
more helpless she felt. This was having other effects on her body as well. She
noticed that her nipples were now visible through her bra, and she could feel
herself getting wet. She had gotten this way before, while reading those cheap
novels where the damsel winds up in distress. But now, it was real.

Sally decided that she should go out to the kitchen, to see what Tammie was up
to, and get out of these things before her imagination ran away with her. Sally
went to get out of the stuffed chair she was seated in and discovered that it
was just not that simple any more. Without thinking, she went to put each of her
hands on different arms of the chair to push herself up, but they did not
respond. "You dummy," she thought. "They're locked together." She first tried to
push on the right arm but her left arm wasn't long enough for her to reach that
arm. Then she tried the left arm and the same problem came up with the other
side. Finally, she twisted her body as far to the right as she could, and could
then put both hands on the arm to push her butt up out of the seat. It wasn't
very lady-like, but it worked.

"Boy, the things that you take for granted. I can't even do a simple thing like
get out of a chair, wearing these," Sally said out loud, to no one.

Sally went to the kitchen and there, she found Tammie, working on salads for
dinner. She could also see Paul and Sam on the deck, beyond the kitchen window.

"Tammie, you can take these off now."

"I can't, silly," Tammie replied.

"WHAT!! You're kidding right?" Sally cried.

"No. Sam does not let me have the key," Tammie replied.

"Then you have worn these before, huh?" Sally asked.

Sally suddenly realized that she might not be the only one who got that sweet
feeling between her legs with the locking of the bracelets.

"You'll have to go out and see Sam, if you want out," Tammie informed her,
ignoring her question.

Sally started for the door and then stopped. If she went outside, then not only
Sam and Paul would see her locked in handcuffs, but so could anyone else who
happened by. Sally was torn, but in the end, reasoned that she might as well get
it over with and continued through the door.

Sam and Paul were talking, with their backs to the door, when Sally came out.
She was most of the way across the deck before Sam looked over his shoulder at
her. Sally saw his eyes twinkle as he spied the cuffs.

"Well, someone has been playing with toys, haven't they?" Sam asked.

"Tammie put these on me, could you take them off?" Sally asked timidly.

"I don't know. Playing with toys without permission, maybe you should just stay
in them as punishment. What do you think Paul?"

"It is your house. Sally should have to play by your rules," Paul replied.

"But, But, Tammie said you could let me out!" Sally stammered, suddenly scared.

"Hold out your hands," Sam ordered.

Sally was relived. She thought that the two men might give her a hard time, but
maybe she was wrong. She put her hands straight out in front of her breasts. Sam
dug in his pocket and took out a key ring. Selecting a small key, he placed the
pointed end of the key on a button that Sally had not noticed before. He pushed
in, and there was a gentle click. Sam repeated the process on the other cuff.

"There you go Sally," Sam said, as he put the key back in his pocket.

Sally tried to open the cuff but it would not budge. She tried to work her hand
through the cuff but it would not fit.

"Hey. What did you do?" Sally cried.

"I double locked them," Sam informed Sally. " Now they won't get smaller. We
wouldn't want your wrist to get hurt, would we? If you tighten cuffs too tight,
they can damage the ligaments and tendons that run through your wrist."

"But I want them off!" Sally cried.

Paul replied, "But you look so good in them. Please wear them for a while
longer."

"Be right back," Sam said, as he disappeared though the door into the house.

Sally continued to finger the hard steel that held her wrists inches apart in
front of her, and Paul watched, mesmerized. In a few minutes, they heard Tammie
through the open kitchen window.

"No, that isn't necessary. No! Please!!"

A few minutes later, Sam came back outside.

"Sally, Tammie would like you to help her set the table, if you wouldn't mind,"
Sam asked.

"I don't know how much help I can be in these," Sally pouted, as she started for
the door.

When Sally got into the kitchen, she stopped dead in her tracks. Tammie's wrists
were encased in a different type of handcuffs. The cuffs did not have a chain
between them but, instead, were connected by a huge hinge. It seemed that Sam
had decided that they should share the handcuff experience. After watching,
well, really, staring, for a few minutes, it became clear to Sally that she had
the better of the two situations. Tammie could not twist her wrists at all in
the cuffs and they held her hands strictly parallel.

The two women were able to finish the dinner preparations, but it took
cooperation between the two of them in order to accomplish tasks that could
normally be done, simply, by one. Sally was constantly aware of the cuffs on her
wrists. Every time she forgot, and made a quick movement, she was painfully
reminded by her other hand that they were solidly connected. And the funny part
was that, each time she was hampered, she could also feel the reaction between
her legs. Her sex was dipping. She only hoped that the wetness was not showing
through her jeans, but she was afraid that it would soon.

After dinner was done and the kitchen cleaned up, Sally and Tammie found
themselves just as they had been before, with their hands almost useless. Sally
was ready to go back to her apartment and attack Paul, to satisfy her need. She
could not believe she was so horny! So she held her hands out to Sam again, to
remove the cuffs, but he ignored her.

"Here, Paul, you might like this later." He said, as he handed the shinny little
key to Paul, who quickly put it in his pocket.




Chapter 2 The Trip Home

Sally was glad that it was dark out as they walked to Paul's car. Paul opened
the door for Sally and helped her into the bucket seat. He then took the key out
of his pocket and removed the cuff from Sally's right wrist.

Sally was surprised that he was releasing her, though she was sad at the same
time. It had really not been that bad, wearing handcuffs, and it sure was making
her horny. But instead of releasing her left wrist, Paul pulled the cuff, and
her hand, between the seats and around the back of the seat. Her right wrist was
firmly pulled around the other side of the seat. She heard, as well as felt, the
ratcheting sound as the cuff closed around her right wrist again.

"There you go, and of course we have to keep you safe," Paul commented, and he
pulled the seatbelt across her lap and between her breasts, to then latch it
securely.

Sally could not believe it. Paul was closing the door and her hands were now
cuffed securely behind the seat. She could not reach anything and she could not
even lean forward. She struggled with the cuffs as Paul walked around the car,
but it was no use. She was firmly affixed to the seat. Paul got in and looked at
her. Sally had never felt so helpless. Paul could do what ever he wanted, and
she could not protect herself at all.

"Your excitement is showing, my dear."

She realized that Paul was staring at her chest. She looked down and saw that
her nipples were very prominent, even through her bra and shirt. With her hands
pulled behind the seat, they also pulled her shoulders back as if offering her
breasts to Paul. As she watched, everything seemed to be in slow motion. Paul
reached for her left nipple, massaged it, and gave it a tweak. Even though Sally
struggled against the cuffs, she was powerless to stop him. This was very
confusing to Sally because, while she was trying to stop him by her struggles,
she also wanted him to never stop. She had never been as turned on as she was
right now.

Paul finally stopped, too soon, but not soon enough - oh, this was so confusing
to Sally. Paul started the car, and Sally hoped that she would not be seen as
they drove through traffic to her downtown apartment building. Paul parked in
the underground garage and turned off the car. Before he got out, he started to
reach for her again but suddenly shifted, and put his hand in her crotch. Sally
instinctively tried to squeeze her legs together, to block his hand, but it was
too late.

"You're very wet my dear. I think that you are enjoying this."

Sally could not bring herself to answer, so she just moaned. Paul came around
the car and removed her seat belt. It took some maneuvering but, by releasing
the seat back, and with a lot of help, she was able to get out of the car and
lift her hands over the back of the seat, without dislocating her shoulders in
the process. She was now standing beside the car, with her hands still firmly
cuffed behind her.

"Come on, my prisoner," Paul said, and he grabbed her upper arm to guide her
towards the elevator.

Paul escorted her by holding her arm, just like the police take their prisoners
to jail. Sally imagined that she had been arrested and was now being taken, by
the corrupt policeman, to be "forced" to confess. She kept looking around to
make sure that they were alone in the garage. She was relieved when the elevator
arrived and was empty. She did not want anyone to see her like this. When she
got into elevator, she suddenly remembered the camera in the back corner of the
elevator. She quickly went to the corner to try and hide the cuffs, hoping that
no one was looking at the screen when she came in. All they would see, she
hoped, was a women getting on the elevator, holding her hands behind her.

As the elevator rose to her floor, Paul noticed her apprehension. When the doors
opened, he positioned himself right behind her and placed a hand on each
shoulder, completely blocking the camera's view of Sally's backside. When they
got into the apartment, Paul guided her straight to the bedroom. Paul shut the
door and reached around Sally's waist, undid the buckle on her belt, unbuttoned
the waist of her jeans and dropped the zipper. His hand continued down her
crotch until it was centered over her sex, and there, he caressed her mound.

Sally thought that she would faint from desire and she could feel her orgasm
building. She could never remember being so turned on. Paul stopped, before she
could climax, however. She was panting as he hooked his thumbs in her pants and
with one stroke, pulled both her jeans and panties down to her ankles. She
stepped out of them and her sandals at the same time. Now she was naked from the
waist down. She wondered how he would get her top off, with the cuffs on. She
felt him working with the cuffs. Soon, her hand was free and she was helping to
remove her T- shirt and bra while the remaining cuff dangled, getting in the
way. Now all Sally wore was her jewelry and the special shinny chrome cuff,
still locked on her wrist. She did not protest as Paul relocked the cuff around
her other wrist, in front of her.

Paul quickly shed his clothes and then pushed Sally down on her back in the
middle of the bed. He grabbed the chain connecting the cuffs and then pulled her
hands over her head. He soon was over her chest, his rock hard erection bobbing,
inches from her face. She tried to catch it in her mouth but she could hardly
get her head off the bed, with him on her chest, and her hands held to the bed
over her head. Paul took pity on her, and he leaned forward so she could reach
it. Sally started to work on it with a gusto that she didn't know she had in
her. The way she was working, it did not take long before she felt it start to
twitch. She tried to turn her head, but was not successful, and got a mouth full
of warm, salty sperm that dripped down her cheek as well.

Amazingly, Paul stayed hard even after coming and he just slid down, until he
was kneeling between Sally's knees. Then, he leaned forward to suck her hard
nipples, one at a time, going from one side to the other and then back. Sally
did not even try to lift her arms, she simply lay there and enjoyed the
sensations flowing through her body. Finally, she felt his dick at the entrance
to her cunt. She tried to scoot down the bed to impale herself on it, but he
grabbed the cuffs and pulled her back up on the bed. When he did this, Sally
felt pain in her wrists where the cuffs dug in as he pulled. She was amazed,
though, that it did not hurt, but turned her on even more. Again she felt him at
her entrance but, this time, she willed herself to lay still. With agonizing
slowness, he inched his way in.

Sally was playing with the cuffs around her wrists, feeling the hardness of the
steel compared to the softness of her skin. Finally, she felt his balls against
her sex. Paul started to piston in and out of her. Sally was glad that he had
already come once, or he would not have been able to last more than a few
strokes. As he pounded her, the sounds of the cuffs and chain mixed with their
panting and moans. Sally could feel her orgasm building, the tension reached
heights that she did not think possible. Finally, the nerves could store no
more, and released. The waves of orgasm rolled over and over Sally as Paul
continued to fuck her. They were still very strong when Paul let go, and she
could actually feel the sperm bathing her womb.

They collapsed into a tangled heap of hot, sweaty, sticky, flesh and steel, more
satisfied than ever before, and too relaxed to move. After a long time, Paul
finally moved to release Sally's hands. Sally got up to go to the bathroom and
relieve her bladder. While she was in the bathroom, she removed her necklace,
rings and earrings. She rejoined Paul in bed, totally nude. They cuddled, and
quickly fell into a deep sleep.




Chapter 3  The Reception

It is amazing how a simple necklace had bought back such a vivid memory. But
then, this was not just a simple necklace. This necklace was a gold neck-ring
that had a gold disk with initials engraved on it. But while this one looked
normal, it was definitely different. The initials on it were not her's, SKE, but
Paul's PLC, and more importantly, this one had two closed loops on the ends with
the holes just big enough for the shank of the small lock that came with it. It
was a special present from Paul, but there was a string attached. No, it was
more like a rope.

If Sally accepted it, by putting it on and locking it before the reception
tonight, it would mean that she had agreed to give her body to Paul for the
weekend. Paul had promised to make her totally helpless and to take her to new
heights. Sally was very nervous; on one hand, the idea scared her. While she
trusted Paul, this was something else. On the other hand, just the thought of
being at the mercy of Paul thrilled her so much, that it made her wet between
the legs.

The phone interrupted her thoughts. It was Paul. He was running late, and wanted
her to meet him in front of the lobby so they would not be late to the
reception. He was about 15 minutes away. It was now time to make her decision.
Sally put the gold ring around her neck, slid the ring around to almost the
front, and picked up the small gold lock. Holding the lock upside down, she
slipped the shank of the lock up, through the loop on the right side and then,
turning the lock back right side up, down through the loop on the left. With a
deep sigh, Sally carefully put one finger on the shank of the lock and her thumb
on the bottom of the lock, then slowly squeezed. There was a snap, the lock
shut, and the electricity ran down her spine and directly to her sex. There. It
was done. No backing out now, though, deep in her heart, she knew that she would
do it all along. The sound of the closing of the lock, without being "forced",
was admitting that she wanted to be "owned".

Sally arranged the lock to the back of her neck, under her hair where it would
not be visible. She quickly freshened her lipstick and grabbed her purse, and
out the door she went. As she waited for the elevator to arrive, she looked at
herself in the mirrored door to make sure that the lock did not show. She did
not look any different but she knew that she was different, inside, because she
wore it. When she got to the lobby, Paul was just coming in the door. They
embraced, and Paul reached up to Sally's neck and fingered the disk.

Paul smiled deeply and said, "Shall we go?"

Sally felt ten feet tall as they walked out to the car. The evening went very
well. At first, Sally thought that all the eyes of the reception were centered
on her neck, but later, she realized that no one was even aware of it. There
were many women in attendance who wore similar necklaces and Sally wondered if
any of theirs had a lock. Somehow, she doubted it. Throughout the entire
evening, Paul treated her with the utmost respect. It was hard for Sally to
realize that, in just a few days, Paul would take over her whole body. That was
one of the things that she loved about Paul. In their sex life, Paul was the
master and Sally the submissive but, at all other times they were both equals in
the relationship. Paul could enter and leave his role as master, at will.

The reception lasted until late, and Sally had a big day at the office on
Thursday, so they decided that Paul would not come up that night. On the drive
to her apartment, Paul ordered her to bring some outdoor clothes with her on
Friday night, as well as her old English dress.

As Sally walked into her apartment, she was thinking about what Paul had said,
and trying to figure out what he had in mind for their time together. It was
obvious to her that he had plans, and he had definitely noticed the necklace.
What did he have planned that required outdoor clothes, and a past Halloween
costume?

She continued to puzzle about it as she got ready for bed. As usual, she went to
her dressing table and removed those blue topaz earrings, the rings from her
fingers and, without thinking, reached under her hair to release the necklace.
Her fingers came in contact with the lock, and she remembered that she could not
take it off. She continued to undress, then slipped her nightshirt over her
head. She turned off the lights and got into bed. She lay there, fingering the
necklace because it felt unnatural. Sally could not remember ever wearing any
jewelry to bed. She always removed it all, and put it back on in the morning.
Even the ring that Paul had given her, which she wore on the left ring finger,
came off at night. She had probably worn earrings to bed when her ears were
first pierced, but that was when she was young, and she had no memory of it.

Wearing the necklace was having an effect on her, however. She could not help
thinking about how Paul would "take total control" of her on Friday night.
Imagining what "total control" would be, made her wet between the legs just
thinking about it. Before she knew it, her right hand was in her sex, rubbing
just the right spot, and her left hand was on her new necklace. It was not long
before she had a massive orgasm, convulsing all around the bed, and then she
promptly fell fast asleep.

In the morning, the alarm woke Sally as usual. She stumbled out of bed and went
into the bathroom to relieve herself, then hopped into the shower and washed the
dried juices from between her legs. As she stood toweling herself dry she
noticed the flash of light, as it reflected off the disk on the necklace, in the
mirror over the sink. She thought that it looked out of place. Her body was
totally nude except for the solid gold ring around her neck, and the disk
dangling from it, catching the light. But she didn't have time to do much
contemplating, or she would be late for work.

She choose a pair of slacks and a turtleneck sweater for work. She carefully
arranged the neck ring over the turtleneck, making sure to place the lock in the
back, where it would be covered by her hair. Normally, she wore her hair up with
this sweater, but she sure wasn't going to do that today. She grabbed her blazer
and she left the bedroom to make some breakfast, then decided to walk to work,
since it was going to be nice weather today.

As Sally was making the short walk to work, she was thinking about what she
would have to do to get ready for the weekend. She remembered that she had
loaned the old English costume to Tammie, so she would have to get it back
tonight. Sally reached the building where she worked. She was a system analyst
for a large insurance company and she was in charge of the computer programs
that provided the quotes to the agents. Today's meetings would keep her too busy
to think about the coming weekend events, thankfully. About the middle of the
afternoon, she decided that she should give Tammie a call to make sure she could
pick up the dress. She looked up the number and dialed.

"Hello?" Tammie answered.

"Hi, Tammie, this is Sally. How are you doing today?"

"Oh not bad, just sitting around right now," Tammie replied.

They chatted a few minutes about small things, before Sally got to the point.

"Tammie, do you still have that costume that I lent you? The full, old fashion
dress, with the lacing at the shoulders and down the sleeves. You know, the one
that you have to wear a strapless bra with and that shows cleavage"

"Yes, I think that it's still in the box that it came back from the cleaners
in," Tammie answered.

"Well, I need it this weekend for something that Paul has planned. Can I come by
after work and get it?" Sally asked.

"Aah, tonight might not be a good night," Tammie said, after a long pause.

"But I need it before Friday night. I won't stay more than a minute. I really
need that dress. How about if I just run by around five," Sally suggested.

"No, that won't do!" Tammie said rather quickly.

Sally sensed that there was something that Tammie was uneasy about, but she
wasn't letting Sally in on what it was.

"If you have to come, make it later," Tammie said finally.

"Okay. I'll be there at six. Okay?"

"I hope... guess that will work," Tammie said nervously.

"See you then. Goodbye." Sally hung up the phone.

She wondered why Tammie was acting so strange. Sally had been to their house
several times since that first night that Paul had introduced her to bondage. As
a matter of fact, Sally and Tammie were becoming quite good friends. Sally
assumed, that Tammie and Sam did more than simple handcuffs. Heck, she and Paul
had made it a steady item, since that fateful night a couple of months ago. But
she had never asked, and Tammie had not volunteered how deep their involvement
was in the scene. Sally put it out of her mind, for now, and returned to her
work.




Chapter 4     The Visit

Sally got out of work about 4 p.m. and walked back to her apartment, changed
into a pair of jeans and a T-shirt, and headed out the door. She got her car out
of the garage and took the interstate to the suburbs, where Tammie and Sam
lived. The traffic was really not bad for this time of evening and, about 30
minutes later, she pulled off the freeway. It was only about 5:15, so she pulled
into a fast food spot and ordered a burger and a salad for supper. She finished,
and looked at her watch to see that it was now about 5:45. It would only take
her five minutes to reach Tammie's house from there, and Sally didn't want to
just sit around. She decided to go on over and, if Tammie had not returned from
what ever it was that she had to do, Sally could just wait for her on the deck
in back of the house.

When Sally pulled up in front of the house, it looked deserted but she went up
to the front door anyway. As she expected, there was no answer so she wandered
around back, planning to wait on the deck. But as she climbed the stairs to the
deck, she caught sight of Tammie's head through the kitchen window before she
ducked down and disappeared.

"That is odd. Tammie would have answered the door if she was there, wouldn't
she?" Sally thought to herself.

Sally knocked on the back door, and called to Tammie.

"Tammie, are you there? Are you okay," Sally called. She tried the back door, to
find it unlocked.

"Come in, I guess," Tammie said in a strange voice, as the door opened.

Sally opened the door the rest of the way, and stepped into the kitchen. Tammie
was sitting at the kitchen table with a half glass of water in front of her, as
well as the portable phone, and she was watching a TV that was on the counter.
The only thing that seemed to be out of place was the chair that Tammie was
sitting in. It was a wooden, straight, high back chair, while the rest of the
kitchen chairs were padded captain chairs. That chair definitely looked out of
place, and Tammie looked very pale.

"Tammie, are you okay?" Sally asked

"Sure, but I thought that you were not going to be here before six," Tammie
responded.

"Well, there was not as much traffic, so I got here quicker than I thought I
would. I was going to wait on the deck for you to get home, but saw you in
here," Sally explained.

Why was Tammie so jumpy, Sally wondered. If she didn't know her so well, she
would have guessed that she was afraid of her.

"I'll just get the dress and leave, if that is what you want," Sally snapped.

"Sorry," Tammie replied. "I guess I am just a little jumpy. Sam was supposed to
be home before you got here, but he got delayed at work. He just called and was
about to leave. The dress is in a box in the bedroom closet, if you would like
to get it."

Sally went through the kitchen, down the hall, and into the master bedroom. She
opened the door to the walk in closet. There were an awful lot of boxes on the
shelves and she could not tell which one the dress was in. She walked back to
the bedroom door and called to Tammie.

"Which box is it in?"

"I am not sure, it has been a while. You will have to do some looking, I guess."

Sally went back to the closet but she did not really feel comfortable, rummaging
in a closet that was not hers. She wondered why Tammie was not coming in to find
it for her. Tammie sure was not acting normal.

After poking around for about five minutes, and still feeling uncomfortable
about going through stuff in her closet, Sally went back to the kitchen.

"Tammie, I can't find it. Would you please come and show me which box it's in."

Tammie just put her head in her hands, shook her head, and turned white. In a
very small voice she replied:

"No, I can't." She almost cried.

"What's wrong?" Sally asked Tammie. "You can tell me, really,"

After a very long silence, Tammie finally said, "I can't leave this chair.
Sorry."

Sally took a good look at Tammie and the chair. Maybe Sam had used the handcuff
on an ankle to put her in the chair. But as Sally looked under the table, she
did not see any cuffs, or rope, anywhere on Tammie. The only thing Sally noticed
was that Tammie was wearing a short mini skirt, with the back of the skirt
sticking out the back of the chair, rather than under her butt, as Sally's
mother had taught her to sit. Sally was confused. Maybe this was part of a
bondage game between her and Sam.

"I don't understand. Did Sam tell you to stay in the chair? Surely he would not
mind if you just got the dress and returned to the chair?" Sally guessed.

"No, I really can not get out of this chair," Tammie sighed.

"Why not???"

Tammie was trembling. Sally could actually see her hand shake as she reached
down, and grasped the hem of her skirt. Tammie paused, held her breath, and
slowly lifted the skirt off the chair.

"What the. . . ?" Sally stopped mid sentence.

As the skirt raised, Sally could see her thighs slowly come into view. She had
expected to see the crotch of her panties come into view, but Tammie was not
wearing any panties. The neatly trimmed hair above her labia was plainly
visible, but that was not what stopped Sally. There was also the glint of gold
and chrome. Sally bent over to take a closer look and saw that in each of
Tammie's outer labia was a thick, gold ring, with a gold ball midway along the
ring. Though both of the rings was a lock, that almost filled the inside
diameter of the gold rings. Also, on the lock, was a chrome ring with a short
chain, that ended through an eyebolt that was in the seat of the chair.

Sally sat down, flabbergasted. She did not know what to say.

"Sam locked me to the chair while he was home for lunch. Since he took longer
for lunch, that put him behind schedule this afternoon, so that is why I
miscalculated when he would be home."

"How, when, what..." Sally stammered, unable to take her eyes off of the sight
in front of her. Finally she recovered. "Can't we just remove the rings?"

"It is not that easy," Tammie explained. "First of all, those rings go right
through one of the most sensitive parts of my body, so they will not just pull
off. Second, those rings are very strong, and require a special type of pliers
to spread the ring allowing the ball to be removed. But you can't get the pliers
into the center of the ring, with the lock in place. And finally, that lock is a
high security, pick proof lock, that Sam has the only key to. I simply can not
leave this chair."

Sally realized that, sometime during this explanation, she had grabbed the disk
on her necklace and was gently rubbing it. Slowly, Sally reached around to the
back of her necklace and felt for the lock that held it in place. On impulse,
she slowly turned the ring so that the lock dangled beside the disk in the
front.

"Oh, I see you have some special jewelry also," Tammie commented.

"Yes, but how long have you had those rings?" Sally asked.

"About a year and a half. I love them. They always have me thinking of sex. Sam
really likes to play with them."

"Does... I mean, oh hell, did it hurt."

"Some, but it was also a turn on. They bothered me the first week or so, but
healed really fast. Why do you have the necklace?"

"Well, I...."

Sally was not sure that she wanted to tell Tammie about the deal with Paul. But
Tammie had just revealed a very personal side of her and Sam's sex life, so
Sally felt obligated to do the same. She also wondered what had caused her to
turn her necklace and show the lock. It was probably a good idea that someone
else knew about her upcoming weekend anyway, for safety sake.

"It means that I have agreed to give myself to Paul, from 6 pm tomorrow, till
noon Sunday. He says that he will make me totally helpless, more helpless than I
ever have ever been in my life. I wonder...."

"What"

"If, IF he would ever do something like put rings in me," Sally worried.

"I doubt that he would do anything that would be permanent at this stage of the
game. I have known Paul for a long time, and I know that you can trust him,"
Tammie assured Sally. "If you are going to be in Paul's control, why do you need
the dress?"

"I don't know. He would not tell me. He just said to make sure that I had the
dress and to pack for a weekend outdoors. Do you have any idea what he is up
to?"

"None," Tammie replied.

"May I take a closer look at your rings, now that I'm not in shock."

"Well, I guess. I'm certainly not going anywhere until Sam gets home."

Sally lifted the skirt and gently examined the rings, fascinated. They were
thick and centered on either side of Tammie's vagina, about a quarter of an inch
in from the edge of the labia. She pulled on the two sides of the right ring but
Tammie was right, there was no way to open them without the tool. Sally also
noticed the smell of excitement around Tammie, and there was even wetness on the
seat of the chair. She had never thought that Tammie would do such a thing.
Maybe pussy rings were not such a bad thing. If Tammie, whom she respected,
could wear rings through her labia without Sally ever suspecting, then maybe
being pierced was not so bad.

All of these developments made Sally all that much more conscious of the neck
ring she was wearing around her neck, and could not remove. Should she cut the
ring and forget the whole thing with Paul? That would probably ruin the whole
relationship with him, and she certainly did not want that. She knew that she
was in love with him. Paul had never given her any reason to distrust him.

About that time, they heard a car pull into the driveway. Just a few seconds
later, Sam came into the kitchen. Tammie informed him that Sally now knew why
she could not get out of the chair, and that she had come over for the dress.
Sam took out a key ring from his pocket and lifted Tammie's skirt.

"Hold this for me, would you dear?" Sam handed the hem of the skirt to Sally to
hold.

Sally got a good look, as Sam inserted the key in the lock and the shank sprang
open. He removed the chain, but left the lock through the rings. He then
re-closed the lock. Sally realized that the rings and lock were now forming a
type of chastity device by holding Tammie's labia closed. Once he was done,
Sally released her grip on the skirt and Tammie stood up.

"There. Now you can help Sally get the dress," Sam said.

Tammie started down the hall to the master bedroom with Sally bringing up the
rear. Sally noticed, however, that Tammie was very careful how she walked, not
quite bringing her legs together.

When they got into the bedroom, Tammie said, "Just a minute. I really have to go
pee."

She went around the corner and into the master bathroom. Sally heard something
that sounded like the lock hitting the toilet seat, followed by the unmistakable
sound of Tammie's bladder letting go. Soon the toilet flushed, and Tammie
rejoined Sally.

"Lets find that dress, and then I had better make Sam some supper or he'll leave
me in this all night, and I need to be fucked."

Sally was speechless. The dress was found and Sally was on her way back home,
but she could not get the sight of Tammie's rings, with the lock between them,
out of her mind. Sally almost missed the turn off for her apartment, she was so
deeply involved in her fantasies. Truthfully, Sally could not see herself ever
living out these fantasies but it did not stop her mind from thinking about it.
Sally spent the rest of the evening packing for the weekend, and thinking of the
possibilities.

Finally, it was time for bed, and Sally realized that she had not talked to Paul
all day. That was pretty unusual but when she looked at the time, she decided
that Paul might already be in bed, so she decided not to call now. For the
second night, she went to bed with the necklace on. But tonight, that was the
only thing she wore, for she was nude. She went to sleep and dreamed of being
abducted, having her neck ring locked to the foot of a bed, and being forced to
suck dick while being fucked from behind.




Chapter 5  The Taking of Sally

Friday dawned fresh and clear. The weather forecast was perfect for a weekend
outdoors. Sally wondered just what she had let herself in for. Did she really
want to go through with this?

At work, there was a major problem with one of her programs that kept Sally so
busy all morning, that she did not even think about the upcoming weekend. She
was able to get things running and caught up, just in time for lunch. As she
returned from a nice lunch with some of her co-workers, the phone rang. Sally
answered the phone as she was sitting down in her chair. It was Paul.

"Are you wearing your necklace?"

"Of course. I don't have a lot of choice now, do I?" Sally retorted.

"Well, aren't we the smart one. That will cost you a punishment tonight," Paul
said in a stern voice.

"What?" Sally cried.

"Listen, you be at my place between 5:30 and 6 o'clock and you had better eat
before you get here. You won't be in any condition to eat, after I am done with
you. Sally?"

"Yes," Sally replied meekly, looking around to see if anyone could hear the
conversation that she was engaged in, or notice the effect it was having on her.

"You know that you want this. And, while I promise not to do anything permanent,
there will be some pain, and you will not be in control of the situation," Paul
informed her.

Sally was speechless.

"See you tonight. I don't care what you wear because you won't be wearing it for
long. Pack that dress, and don't be late," Paul said, and hung up.

Sally sat there for a full minute with the phone still at her ear. She was
shaking with fear and excitement. She had never felt like this before. So
afraid, but yet, so thrilled.

"You should be careful what you wish for dear, for you may get it," her mother
used to say.

She slowly returned the phone to the cradle, but sat there, staring into space.
After some time, she tried to work on a new project but her mind kept going back
to Paul's conversation, and the possibilities of the weekend. Finally, after a
couple of hours of this, she gave up, cleaned off her desk and headed for the
door. "What the heck, I've put in more than enough hours this week." Sometimes,
having flextime was nice and she was going to take advantage of it this
afternoon. She was in no mental state to perform work anyway.

She got home to her apartment and changed into some jeans and a sweater. She
packed some things for outdoors and put a few things in a cosmetic bag. After
she finished packing, she went to the kitchen and fixed herself a chef salad. No
use in fixing anything too complicated, she reasoned. I would not enjoy it
anyway. Sally's stomach felt like it was turning somersaults on its own, she was
so nervous. She tried to watch TV while she ate, but her mind just kept coming
back to the possibilities of this weekend. All the time, she was tugging on the
neck ring and actually enjoying the feeling of captivity.

Once she was done with supper and the dishes were stacked in the sink, she
started to load the car. She went down to the car with the first load and then
returned. Looking around the apartment, she closed the curtains and made sure
all of the things in kitchen were turned off. In her current state of mind, it
would be very easy to make a mistake. Looking at her watch, she saw that it was
five, and reasoned that it was not too early to go.

It only took about 40 minutes to reach the edge of town where Paul lived. The
area was just starting to be developed, though Paul had lived here for a while.
It had been such a sweet deal that he had fallen into. A large farming company
bought the area from a family, who retired, and their children did not want to
farm. They'd bought a small house in the south, where they could be near their
grandchildren. The farm co-op did not want the house, so Paul had picked it up
for next to nothing. It sat about a quarter mile off of the road, next to a
large creek, or small river, depending on the season. The surrounding ten acres
was filled with trees and gullies that were not worth clearing for farming, so
they had been included with the house. That made the house a very private area.
Paul had spent most of the money on the house, fixing it up.

Sally turned off of the two-lane highway onto a paved country road. She noticed
that there were several new houses being started in the area. Soon, she
approached a strip of trees that marked where the creek met the road, and she
slowed down. Just before the bridge, she turned into a one-lane gravel driveway
that led to the house. Before long she had lost sight of the road in her mirror,
as the driveway wound back and forth next to the creek. The driveway widened
out, and she could see the house and yard. About an acre had been cleared for
the house. She parked on the side of the house and, as she got out of the car,
Paul came around from the back of the house to greet her. They had a long hug
and Paul easily lifted her off the ground, which brought a squeal from Sally. He
silenced her squeals with a kiss. Paul helped her with her stuff, into the house
through the kitchen.

"I just finished eating and I need to clean up," Paul said.

"Well, I'll be glad to help you," Sally offered.

"I think you just want to get started with your adventure," Paul teased.

"Maybe."

It did not take long before the work in the kitchen was completed.

"Follow me," Paul ordered, as he left the kitchen.

Sally followed him, through the dinning room, across the hall, and into the den
where Paul had a home office set up. As they walked into the room, Sally saw
that in the center of the room, was a card table with a single chair at it. On
the table were some blank pages, and there was a camcorder set up on a stand
facing the table. There were, also, two photo lights setup, pointed at the table
in the center of the room.

"Honey, I love you and you know that you don't have to go through with this,
don't you?" Paul said, as he turned to her and stroked her cheek gently.

"I love you too, and I want to," Sally answered, as she closed her eyes to enjoy
the sensation of his touch.

"Okay then," Paul said, suddenly turning very business like. "Take a seat at the
table."

Sally opened her eyes, walked around to the far side of the table facing the
camera, and sat down. As she did so, she could now see that the paper lying on
the table was not blank, but was just laying face down. Sally could only see the
outline of Paul as he went behind the camera, because she had to look past those
bright lights. Soon, the red light started to flash on the front of the camera
to show that it was recording.

"Okay, now then," Paul started. "First of all, I want to ask you. Are you here
of your own free will without any promise, payment, or other influence?" Paul's
voice was very serious.

"Yes, I am here of my own free will. I have not been coerced in any way," Sally
answered.

"Then would you please turn the paper over and read it aloud."

Sally started to read.

"I, Sally Kay Edwards, do here by give myself to Paul L. Chapman, for the period
starting at 6 p.m. local time, today, till noon, two days hence. A period of 42
hours total. During that time, Paul may do anything he likes with me, so long as
it is not reasonably likely to cause permanent physical injury, or permanent
changes, to my body. I am aware of the risks that, while not intended, are
possible and that may cause a permanent injury. I am of normal health at this
time and have no medical or psychological problems. I realize, that there is a
danger of psychological trauma, from actions that might take place during this
time. I further realize that, once this agreement has been signed, I forfeit any
ability to cancel the agreement. I do hearby give Paul permission to ignore any
requests or pleas made by me or on my behalf. I am aware that this is being
recorded, in order to establish that I am entering into this agreement with full
knowledge, consent, and am not under duress to sign."

Sally finished reading, took a big breath and, before she could chicken out,
picked up the pen and signed the paper. She then held the paper up to the
camera.

Paul turned off the camera and put it away. He picked up the paper and locked it
in a filing cabinet. He then folded up the card table and ordered Sally to stand
up, so he could remove the chair that she had been sitting in. This left the
center of the room open, with the lights still shining on her.

Looking at his watch, Paul announced, "Well, it is 6 o'clock. Time to get
started, right?"

Sally instinctively looked at her own watch and saw that it was, indeed, exactly
6 o'clock.

"Okay," Sally said as she started to bite her lower lip, nervously. What had she
gotten herself into? It was so formal; the paper, the camera, the way Paul was
acting. It just was not normal. It was so formal, so official. Paul took a
position behind the lights, so he was again, just a shadow to Sally.

"Now, there will be several stages to this weekend," Paul began. "The first of
these stages will be the removal of all of your defenses. This will be followed
by your surrendering yourself, and the making you as helpless as possible. While
I would like to leave you in that position for the entire weekend, that is not
practical and might be a hazard. There will be several other stages to the
weekend, but I will not tell you about those in advance. Just remember, the
paper you just signed allows me to place you in each of these phases completely
against your will. You will do as I say! Now the first step is to remove your
protection, so those shoes are used to protect your feet and the socks are to
protect your feet from rubbing on the shoes. Remove them both."

Sally was so scared that she was shaking. What had she gotten herself into? She
was shaking so hard that the first time she tried to stand on one leg to untie
her shoe, she almost fell on her face. She had to put her foot back down and
lean over to untie the shoe. Her hands were shaking so much that she had trouble
performing that action as well. Soon, she felt the carpet under her bare feet,
and had placed the shoes and socks to the side.

"Now, that shirt of yours is to protect your body from the elements," Paul
continued. "Remove it!"

Slowly, Sally grabbed the bottom of her sweater and slowly lifted it to reveal a
small, innie, belly button, in the middle of a perfectly flat stomach.
Continuing, soon the white bra she was wearing came into view, covering her
magnificent tits. Finally she was relieved, as the sweater blocked the lights
that were shinning in her eyes. But as she continued, the sweater pulled over
her head and she blinked as the lights returned. She looked to see Paul's
expression as she pulled her arms from the sleeves and folded the sweater, but
she could not see his face at all. It was like she was on display, just for his
amusement. Just the thought of this made her nipples harden, under the smooth
white material of her bra.

"Your jeans serve the same purpose, remove them!"

Sally unbuttoned the jeans and lowered the zipper. She then hooked her thumbs
inside the material, careful not to catch her underwear. Moving her hands
outward, to the side of her hips, she pushed the jeans down over her hips to
reveal her thong, black underwear. Not a hair peeked out from the edges of the
very small triangle that was all that was left to cover her now dripping pussy.
She had taken special care to trim it, earlier in the week, so any irritation
would be gone before this weekend and she had chosen her smallest thong, in
hopes of pleasing Paul. But she was disappointed that she could not see his
reaction, just the blaze of lights. She continued to push the jeans down until
they were at her ankles when she, one at a time, lifted her feet to step out of
them.

Paul was marveling at the sight of her body. It was so perfect, not a thing
would he improve. He was very appreciative of the way her breasts swayed as she
was bent over, removing her jeans. Once she had straightened, and put her jeans
aside, it was time to continue.

"Now, jewelry serves no purpose here so remove it."

Sally unfastened the latch on the band of her watch, allowing the band to
expand, and removed the watch over her hand. Next, she reached up to her right
ear and removed the nut from the back of the post earring she wore. She drew the
post out of the hole in her lobe. This process was repeated on the left side,
and then she did not know what to do. Did he want her to remove the neck ring?
But how could she? Or was it exempt. As she put her hand to her neck, the key
landed at her feet. She bent over to pick it up, giving Paul another wonderful
look at her breasts. Sally fumbled with the lock because she had to insert the
key by feel. She could not bend her head down enough to look at the lock. She
got the lock undone, and removed the neck ring, for the first time in three
days. She immediately missed the feel of it against her neck.

"While your bra has some function, to support your lovely breasts, I think that
you can do without it and it would protect your nipples from my hands. Remove
it!" Paul ordered.

Sally blushed at the compliment. She slowly slid each strap down her arms. Her
breasts though, while much more than a mouth full, were firm enough to hold
their shape and did not change at all as the support was removed. Sally lowered
the bra and slid the back around to the front so she could undo the catch. She
removed it, and dropped it on the pile of clothes. She was self-conscious, and
crossed her arms in front of her tits.

"Drop your arms to your sides, NOW!" Paul ordered.

She complied, and Paul marveled at the sight before him. For Sally had truly
beautiful tits. They measured 36 C, if you took the time to measure. They were
symmetrical, and had enough firmness that the nipple pointed straight out. Her
areolas were the size of half-dollars and the nipples were the size of M&M's
and, right now, were hard as erasers. Paul could tell that all this was having
an effect on Sally.

"Okay, remove the panties."

Without much additional fanfare, Sally hooked her thumbs into the waistband of
her thong panties and dropped them to the floor. She stepped out of them, and
added them to the pile with a flick of her toes. Now she stood in the bright
lights in front of Paul with nothing that she was not born with. She had never
felt so terribly vulnerable, with nothing to protect her or hide any of her
features. She was trembling all over with fear and excitement. Scared, open,
sexiness and horniness; so many different emotions, all at once.

"Turn around slowly."

Paul's voice suddenly interrupted Sally's thoughts. She complied and could feel
Paul's eyes boring into her skin, from all angles, as she spun on her left heel.
Once she had completed her turn, she did not know what to do. Paul came out from
behind the lights carrying a small bag, which he placed on the floor at Sally's
feet, before stepping back.

"Open the bag and put what you find inside on," Paul said gently.

Sally opened the bag and, at first, brought out what she thought were handcuffs.
But these were larger and had 18 inches of chain between the cuffs. She stared
at them for a minute and started put a cuff to her wrist, when she heard Paul
say:

"They go on your ankles, dear."

So that is why they are bigger, she thought. Well, here goes, and locked, first
one cuff around her right ankle, follow shortly by the left. She had to close
them almost all the way to fit her slender ankles. They were cold against her
bare skin and the chain rattled against the floor if she moved her feet at all.

"With that, you have given me your ability to run away. You have removed all of
your protections, and now, by putting on these restraints, you are giving
control of your body to me. Now, continue."

Sally reached into the bag and pulled out a thick leather belt that was 2 inches
wide and had a large ring sewn into the leather, opposite of the buckle. Sally
put this around her waist and found that the last hole would not be tight on her
waist, but also, was not loose enough to fit over her hips.

"Put the buckle in the back," Paul instructed.

Sally complied, and the steel ring was centered on her belly, just below her
navel. She reached into the bag and pulled out the last item. Now this, she knew
about. Standard handcuffs. She did not stop, for fear of loosing her nerve, but
pushed the hasp open and gently closed it securely around her left wrist. She
opened the other cuff and suddenly realized the purpose of the belt. She put the
open cuff through the ring in the belt. It barely fit, and once closed, would
not be able to fit back through the ring. Sally locked the cuff on her right
wrist, and sighed. There was nothing she could do now. She pulled at the
unyielding cuffs to see how much movement she had. She could get her hands low
enough to just barely reach her clit, but could not lift them enough to protect
her breasts.

"Thank you, Sally. I accept the gift of your bound body for my pleasure," Paul
announced, turning off the lights.

Sally noticed that the room grew noticeably colder without the lights on, and
started to shiver. She tried to lift her hands to her face but they stayed
stubbornly at her waist. Every movement Sally made was accompanied by the sounds
of metal on metal as the cuffs, chains, and rings rubbed against each other.
Paul took a hold of her right arm and guided her toward the door. Sally was glad
that he had a good hold on her, for she found, just simple walking was strange.
The chain between her ankles made walking interesting. While the length of the
chain allowed her to take normal steps, each step, however, caused the cuff to
twist on her ankle. As she got used to moving, she learned to take smaller steps
so the cuffs did not twist so much. But no matter what she did, the chain would
clatter on the floor as she moved a foot from behind to the front. This made
quite a racket with each step.

She also found it difficult to keep her balance. Normally, her arms would
counteract the movement of her feet. Now, with her hands essentially welded to
her navel, she felt out of control. With each step she would naturally pull her
elbow back, which would try to pull her wrist against the cuff. This kept Sally
constantly aware of her captivity. This was more exciting that she had hoped.




The Commitment


Chapter 6 

Total Control

Paul led the manacled Sally out of the den, down the hall to the kitchen and
through the kitchen to the basement stairs. As Sally looked down the stairs she
could see that the lights were already on, but she was not sure that she could
get down the stairs. The stairs looked a lot steeper than she remembered. Paul
sensed her hesitation.

"Don't worry, I'll go in front of you. I won't let you fall," Paul assured her.

With that, he stepped down the first two steps and turned around to face her. He
grabbed her hands and pulled her down the first step. They could hear every link
of the chain as it crossed the lip of the stair when she stepped down. Paul went
down another step and repeated the process. This was continued until they
reached the bottom.

"Sally, do you hear anything?"

Sally listened carefully as she looked around at the foundation of the old
house. It was made of stones and the rough walls gave the basement a castle like
atmosphere. The floor joists were three feet above her head and, of course, the
basement held all the mechanical equipment, wiring, plumbing, and junk you
normally would find in one's basement.

"No, nothing unusual," Sally answered.

Paul guided Sally across the basement and through a door. Inside, Sally could
see that this room had once been filled with a massive furnace. But now a modern
furnace occupied only a small part of the room. As Paul continued to guide Sally
by the arm to the other side of the furnace, Sally started to hear music coming
from somewhere behind it. As they rounded the furnace, Sally could see that
there was a door in the wall. Paul proceeded to the door and inserted a large
key in the lock. When the door swung open a wall of sound came pouring out.
Sally instinctively tried to cover her ears but she did not get more than a
couple of inches of movement before the cuffs and belt stopped her. Paul took a
step down into the room and, in a second, the music stopped.

"This room is actually under the porch that you parked next to," Paul explained.
"It originally was a coal bin but, in the sixties, the owner converted it to a
bomb shelter. That music has been playing all the time that you've been here."

Sally thought about this for a minute and came to the understanding that, once
she was inside, no matter how loud she screamed, no one would ever hear her. Not
unless they were standing right next to the door, and that was pretty unlikely.
Once she was inside, there would not be any way anyone would know she was here,
even if they were inside the house.

Paul pushed her toward the room. She had to step down to get inside, and this
made the ceiling even higher. Sally glanced around at the many things in the
room. She did not know what most of the things were but she immediately knew
what the large X, standing against the wall, was for. There were some chains
hanging from the ceiling and a few cabinets that held many mysteries. The room
was dominated, however, by a large frame that looked like an open globe. Six,
nine foot hoops, were arranged to make a ball, with pulleys attached at various
points around it.

Sally didn't know it then, but she would soon find out more about that apparatus
than she wanted to. Once they were inside the room, Paul closed the heavy door
with a bang and then locked it and pocketed the key. It sounded to Sally like a
jail cell door closing.

"That should keep you from escaping, I guess," Paul said as he unlocked the
cuffs. "But now, it's time to start making you very helpless and totally
dependant on me."

Sally was rubbing her wrists where the unyielding steel had made red groves in
her tender wrists.

"Here. These will be a lot softer than those steel bracelets," Paul said,
holding out what looked kind of like mittens, or thin boxing gloves, with the
fingers curled into half close fists. Sally held out her hand and Paul started
to slip one on. Sally discovered that the palm side of the glove was actually
leather over some type of unyielding metal. As her hand was inserted into the
glove, each finger entered it's own sleeve. Her fingers were forced to curve
with the glove, so they formed kind of a hook. Once her hand was all the way
into the glove, Paul started to pull at the laces that went down the back. This
pulled the glove tight to Sally's hand until it fit like a second skin. The
laces traveled all the way down the long glove, completely covering her wrist as
well. The closing of a strap around her wrist completed the process so that the
slots on one side fit over a hasp on the other side. Paul slipped a small
padlock through the hasp and snapped it shut.

As this was being repeated on the other hand, Sally tried to straighten her
fingers but found that she could not. She tried to move her wrist but was not
able to do that either. All that she could do was twist her entire forearm. She
was fascinated; was this hand really a part of her? It didn't feel like it
because she could not control its movement, or rather, she could not move it.

Paul picked up two pieces that looked like musical triangles and which fit
perfectly into the hooks of the gloves. A piece of the gloves sprang out to
close the hooks, so the triangles could not fall out. Paul moved Sally so that
she was facing the center of the room, between two of the hoops of the ball. He
threaded small cables through two of the pulleys and attached them to the
triangles. Then, he took up the slack in the cables and Sally felt her hands
being pulled up. They rose to the level of her shoulders, then her face and then
over her head. She went up on her toes but Paul did not stop until her feet left
the ground and she was swinging freely, with her toes just inches from the
floor.

The triangles snapped into grooves in one of the hoops so that they would not
twist. She gripped the gloves tightly and tried to twist her arms, but they no
longer were able to twist. She kicked her legs uselessly in the air. She looked
up, seeing that her arms were at a 30 degree angle and keeping her centered in
the ball. Sally could feel her fingers giving out, and she reasoned that she was
only inches from the floor, so she let go. Nothing happened. She relaxed her
grip but it didn't make the slightest difference. Her fingers did not, could
not, move. She tried to pull herself up but, in seconds, her arms gave out and
she slumped back until her arms were straight again.

Paul had gone over to a table with a number of items on it. He picked up two
leather covered pieces and returned to Sally. He captured her right foot and,
lifting it slightly, quickly slipped the device on. It had a tube for each of
her toes and came up the top of her foot where it made a right angle to her
ankle. There was a strap that Paul locked around her ankle to hold the whole
thing in place. The result was that she could not move her toes or foot, but the
bottoms of her feet were available to Paul. This process was repeated with her
left foot.

Next, he picked up several more cables and attached them to rings on the ankle
straps. He attached the other ends to points on the ball, which drew her legs
apart and exposed the juices that were running down her legs. Paul added two
more cables to each foot, going to different points on the ball. When he was
done, Sally discovered that these held her feet at fixed points. She could not
raise them or move them forwards or backwards. They were fixed at a point in
thin air.

As she tried to look at the devices attached to her feet, which kept her legs so
far apart that she knew her labia were pulled open, Paul started to put a wide
belt around her waist. It was drawn tight, just above her hips, and 3 buckles
held it tight. There were heavy-duty rings embedded in the belt at four
positions. He added connections, from these rings, to the hoops that made up the
ball. Now, she could not move her body in any direction. Her only remaining
movements were her head, her ability to twist her hips in the belt, and she was
able to twist her shoulders. Paul added two long straps that circled her thighs,
as high on her leg as they could go, and attached these to the hoops. That took
care of the twisting of her hips. This process was repeated at each arm where
they met her shoulders, rendering them motionless as well.

Sally was overwhelmed. She was connected to the frame by her hands, shoulders,
waist, hips, and feet, but she not touching anything to give her any leverage.
She was just a point, held in the center of a sphere. She had never been in such
a position, nor as turned on as she was now. All she wanted was for Paul to fuck
her till the cows came home.

"Are you okay?" Paul was standing directly in front of her.

"I..I think so." Sally was so turned on she did not trust her voice.

Paul reached out and pushed the ball. As it started to roll back, Sally lost her
sense of balance because she rolled with it, and could not compensate due to her
strict bondage. She started to panic, and screamed as she fought the bindings
holding her. The only affect was some creaking of the leather that held her in
its grasp. Paul stopped the action of the ball when Sally was horizontal. She
slowly got a hold of herself and realized that, strapped as she was, there
certainly was no danger of her falling. The pressure on her neck to hold her
head up was tremendous, but it was also uncomfortable to let it fall back toward
the floor. A pillow would be nice, she thought.

Paul had returned, and he stepped between the rings to stand before her open
sex. She could just see him if she forced her head all the way up.

"Please fuck me. I am so hot for you," Sally begged.

She could feel something, hard and smooth, between her labia. It was not his
cock, but it felt good. She tried to force herself onto it but she could not
move. It continued to move up and down her sex making her want it sooo bad, but
she was helpless to do anything about it. And that made her all the hornier.
There was no way to win this one. Ever so slowly, the dildo started to penetrate
her sex.

The dildo was inside her now but before it had even bottomed out, Sally felt the
orgasm overtaking her. It was not earth shattering but it felt wonderful.
Though, it did not last long. Sally could never remember having an orgasm just
from penetration. Usually it took some real friction on her clit to get her off
but, in her excited state, just penetration had given some relief. She wanted
more, however. It was not long in coming. She again felt something hard between
her legs, bumping into the dildo in her vagina. Then she felt something cold on
her butt.

"Oh, Paul, no."

Paul was not listening. She felt it stop at the entrance to her ass. Slowly, she
could feel the pressure building.

"NO! I don't want that."

"Dear, it is not your option."

Sally clenched her ass as tight as she could and really tried free herself.

"If you do not loosen up, I will rip your ass with this!"

"Paul, please. NO!"

"You gave yourself to me completely. I can take whatever I want, and I want your
ass. NOW, OPEN UP!"

The paper she had read for the camera did say that he could do whatever he
wanted to her but she had never thought that he would go this far. For a full
minute, she was lost in her mental battle between her upbringing, what Paul
wanted, her complete trust of Paul, and her agreement. In the end, she was in no
position to stop him. Slowly she relaxed, and felt the second dildo start to
open her. Paul kept up the pressure and it slipped into her ass. This made her
feel like she was taking a permanent shit, and it was not at all comfortable.

Paul attached a small chain to two of the rings on the waist belt that was at
her hips, and adjusted it so that it was long enough to just touch the dildo in
her vagina. He clipped another chain to that point and pulled it between her
legs, up to the belt in the back. This served to hold both plugs securely inside
her body.

Sally watched as Paul went back to the table and opened a sealed package,
removed latex gloves, and put them on. He picked up a very small tube. Walking
back to between her legs, he explained.

"This is a catheter that I am going to insert into your bladder. A small balloon
will be inflated to keep it there."

Sally heard the sound of urine running into a bucket and then it stopped. It
still felt like she had to pee but no matter how hard she tried, she could not
go.

"There. I have clamped this off so you won't have any accidents but it has made
me have to go," Paul said, and he rotated the ball so she was once more in an
upright position.

"Don't go anywhere," he said with a laugh.

"Right," answered Sally, as he closed the door behind him.

She looked up at her hands to see if there was any way out of her position. But
with the gloves laced tight, straps locked closed over the knots of the laces,
and no way to get her hands near one another, she just could not think of any
way out. The catheter and the butt plug were uncomfortable enough that it kept
her constantly aware of her status. Her body naturally tried to push them out,
even with out conscious effort on her part, but they didn't budge.

Since she was hanging there with nothing to do, she started to look around the
room. She was facing the door that looked solid and heavy. That was why very
little sound escaped from the room. To the right, an eight foot high X was
leaning against the wall. She could imagine herself on that. On the left of the
door was a combination stocks and pillory that was like an inverted T. On the
base, about six inches off the floor, were a set of stocks that would hold her
feet about four feet apart and on the vertical part, there were three holes. The
largest hole was in the center, and these would hold her hands and her neck. It
looked like this would leave her bent at a 90-degree angle which would leave her
butt sticking out.

There were several cabinets with doors closed, hiding their contents, and chains
everywhere, attached to the ceiling, walls, and even a few on the floor. The
lighting came from track lights mounted in the ceiling but she could not see any
controls. Maybe they were behind her, for it was difficult to see more than half
of the room since, even if she turned her head, her arms blocked the view. She
thought deeply about her situation. She had never been so helpless, so dependant
on another person, or so turned on in her entire life.

Suddenly the door opened, startling her but she couldn't move. There was Paul,
staring at her. She had not even heard him approach.

"Ah, that is better," Paul said as he entered. "I bet you would like to empty
your bladder also. Well too bad."

Paul opened a cabinet and took out a strange leather device.

"Sally. I have taken control of the major muscles of your body and all of the
openings in the lower half of your body. Now it is time to take control of your
head and all of your senses."

"What do you mean?"

"You'll see. Well, feel, actually."

As Paul approached her she could see some shapes and holes in the device. The
largest had a tube that stuck out two inches.

"Open your mouth wide."

Sally did what she was told, opening her mouth. Paul quickly stuck the tube into
her mouth, locking it open. As Paul smoothed the front of the device down, she
discovered that it was molded to her chin and nose. Paul gathered her hair to
the top of her head and wrapped the device around her head. The holes lined up
with her nostrils, eyes, and ears. Paul pulled laces through the eyelets of the
hood, at the back of her head, drawing it tight around her head and pulling the
tube into her mouth, as well as pulling her mouth tightly closed around it. She
tried to push it out with her tongue but it was no use. The hood covered her
entire head, including her neck.

Next, Paul began buckling a very wide leather collar around her neck and over
the tie of the laces for the hood. As the various buckles were tightened, Sally
found her head being held high and static. The collar was very wide and stiff.
Paul continued to tighten the various buckles and soon Sandra began to feel the
pressure on her neck and the base of her skull. It was impossible to move her
head or to turn her neck at all. Now, it was locked to her shoulders.

Sally could no longer watch him as he went to the table for supplies, she could
only stare straight ahead at the door. In a few seconds, Paul's face came into
view as approached her and she felt something being stuffed into the tube and
into her mouth. It started to expand - it was like a balloon - and it soon
filled her entire mouth. Her tongue was pushed to the bottom of her mouth and
the balloon pushed her cheeks against the mask. It filled her mouth but didn't
stop. She tried to tell him that there was no more room, but all that came out
was a grunt. She wouldn't be talking until it was removed.

Something was put over the holes in the hood that covered her ears. A sound
started, like the sound that radio makes when it is not tuned in, just static.
This covered up all other sounds. She could see Paul's mouth moving in front of
her, but could hear nothing. Paul was reaching to her face with something dark.
It went over the holes for her eyes and the whole world went dark for Sally.

There she hung, unable to move at all. Unable to see, hear, speak, pee or even
shit. Her entire life was in Paul's hands. She had never had to depend on
another person this much since she was a baby.

It seemed like forever that she was like that. Had he left? Or worse, was there
someone else in the room? Your mind can play all kinds of tricks when you can't
tell what is happening around you. Suddenly, there was a tongue on her right
breast. She had shivers running down her spine. She could soon feel another
orgasm building from within. The tongue moved to her left breast and fingers
were pinching and caressing her right nipple. Soon the first waves of the orgasm
were rolling across her. It was stronger than her first one, but it left her
wanting more. If the butt plug and the catheter were removed and the dildo in
her cunt would move, she thought, she would bounce this ball right across the
room.

The tongue left her breasts and the ball started to move. She was suddenly
inverted, with her legs, rather than her arms, now supporting all of her weight.
It was a relief after hanging by her arms for so long. The mouth returned, but
this time it was surrounding her clit. "Oh no, here it comes again," Sally
thought, as the orgasm started building again. This time though, it was slower,
since she had already come twice. Yet this one was taking her higher and higher.
The tongue was talented, moving in just the right place and at the right tempo,
and feeling so wonderful. With no sound, no sight, Sally's sense of touch had
become the only thing left and it was intense. Like a string that has been
pulled just a little too tight and then snaps, an orgasm, like no other Sally
had ever experienced before, coursed though her body. She pulled with all her
might against the restraints but it did not make the slightest difference. She
remained where she was.

The orgasm had just started to subside when she was repositioned, facing up, and
the chain holding the dildo was removed. She missed the full feeling it gave
her. But wait! She was being entered again, and this one was warm and not so
hard. She concentrated on the feeling of his prick entering her body. She could
feel it all the way to her womb when it bumped into her cervix. She could
actually feel it. The orgasm that had been waning came crashing back. The prick
was pistoning in and out of her so hard that she could feel the balls slapping
against her butt. She came and came and came again. She had no control over it.
She both wanted it to never stop, and thought that if it didn't, she would go
insane. The prick grew in size and then started spurting. She could feel his cum
filling her.

She had never been so in tune with her body. There was no sight or sound to
distract her. There was nothing at all that she could do to control the
situation. She was just along for the ride.

Then, it was over. Sally was limp, exhausted, spent. Slowly, Paul removed the
hood and all the plugs. When she was finally released, she could not stand. She
was just so wiped that she passed out.

Paul carried her up the stairs and put her to bed. It had been hours since they
had gone downstairs, and it had been a long week for him, so he just crawled in
beside her and was soon fast asleep.




The Commitment


Chapter 7  The fair

Sally woke up, but didn't open her eyes. Had it all been a dream? If the way she
felt was any indication, it had not been. She was not still strung up though.
She was in a warm bed. She opened an eye, but quickly closed it because the room
was so bright. She finally got her eyes open and found that she was in Paul's
bed with him. She did not know what time it was, but the sun was shinning
brightly and it looked like it was going to be a wonderful day. It sure had been
a wonderful night, and she still had a long time left to be in Paul's control.
She wondered what other things he had waiting for her downstairs, in the
dungeon. Slowly she rolled over, and as she did, she became aware of something
around her ankle. She reached down and discovered that her ankle was chained to
the foot of the bed. She was still in his control.

"Good morning pet."

Paul was awake. Instead of answering, she rolled over and put her arms around
him, planting a big kiss with plenty of tongue. After a little tickle game that,
of course, Sally lost at, Paul got out of bed. He removed the chain from the
bottom of the bed and locked that end around her other ankle. It was cold. Now
her ankles were connected together by 12 inches of chain.

"You go take a shower, and I'll get some breakfast started. Don't worry, the
chain and lock are stainless steel so the water will not hurt them."

Sally took a shower, dried her hair, and then found that Paul had put her things
in the bedroom while she was in the shower. So, he could be as thoughtful as he
was cruel. She put on a bra and shirt, but she could not dress from the waist
down since the chain prevented her from putting anything over her legs. She
picked up her rings and earrings from last night and put them on. She went
downstairs, careful not to trip with the short chain. She tried not to show too
much cheek and was glad that the shirt she was wearing was long.

She found Paul in the kitchen with breakfast about half prepared. She took over
for him so he could have a turn in the bathroom. Soon they were both enjoying a
healthy breakfast. Paul informed her that they were going camping at a location
that was hosting an old English fair that weekend.

Paul locked handcuffs on Sally's wrists and released her ankles so she could
finish getting dressed. Then they loaded the car with camping supplies. When it
was time to leave, Sally took her place in the car and Paul locked the handcuffs
behind the seat, just like the first night they'd practiced bondage.

The drive to the campgrounds took about three hours and Sally felt like every
trucker that they passed could see that she was cuffed to her seat. She didn't
dare look up at the trucks, though, it both embarrassed and excited her at the
same time. When they reached the campground, Paul took a length of chain and
locked it around her waist and between her legs, before removing her handcuffs.

They made quick work of setting up camp but Sally could feel the chain around
her as she worked as a constant reminder of her true situation. Once they were
set up, Sally changed into her costume dress and sandals so they could walk to
the fair. In this dress, Sally really looked the part of an old English maiden,
a perfect fit for the fair that was going on. There were people demonstrating
the lost crafts of times past. There were also vendors selling a variety of
wares. While some people were dressed normally, there were a number that were
dressed in period costumes like Sally. Paul had also changed into an outfit from
that period, so she did not feel out of place.

They found a tent that was selling food and they bought some lunch. Sally was
very careful as she sat down on the hard wooden bench to eat. She did not want
the chain between her legs to pinch her delicate tissues. The food was good and
they were soon ready to move on, so they headed over to some of the vendors
tents. Paul particularly wanted to go into a tent that featured chain-mail
jewelry. The tent held many items, some small, and even included an entire suit
of chain mail to wear under armor. The craftsmanship was excellent and the
prices matched the quality.

As they looked around, Paul picked up a necklace and put it around Sally's neck.

"This is not like the neck ring I gave you, but sure does look nice on you."

Sally looked at her reflection in the armor and had to agree that it went well
with her dress. The necklace fit tight to her neck and followed the curve of her
dress, with just enough of a gap between it and her dress to stay out of the way
of the cleavage that the dress gave her.

"Yes it does, but it is so expensive."

"Well, let me talk to the owner and see if we can make a deal."

Paul when over to the proprietor and engaged him in conversation. Sally was too
far away to make out what they were saying. Her attention was diverted to a pair
of dangle earrings. Before she knew it, Paul was back at her side.

"Now those I could probably afford. Come on let move on."

Sally and Paul moved on to the next tent and watched as some ladies were getting
designs drawn in permanent ink on their bellies. While not permanent, they would
not wash off either. "They will take several weeks to wear off," The man
explained.

Sally and Paul were moving on to the next tent when suddenly, the man that Paul
had talked to in the chain-mail tent appeared in front of Sally.

"Thief!!" He yelled, gabbing Sally by both arms.

"What are you taking about???" Sally stammered.

"You stole that necklace you thief! We have a way to deal with people like you,"
he screamed.

"But Paul talked with you and..."

Sally was looking around but she could not find Paul. People were gathering
around to see what all the commotion was. He took her arm and started to drag
her off.

"Wait! You can't do this. I didn't steal it. It..."

The man was not listening, and his grip on her arm was like steel. He dragged
her across the compound to a tree that had several men nearby, getting ready for
a sword fight.

"This woman is a thief! She stole the necklace that is around her neck," The
vendor told one of the men.

"I didn't steal anything..." Sally tried to cut in, but they ignored her

"Well, I have to go on stage in a minute and don't have time to deal with it
now," The largest of the men answered.

"What then, I should just let her get away with it?"

"Oh take her to the smithy and put her in irons," The man decreed.

"Hey...!" Sally exclaimed as the man roughly dragged her off toward the back of
the compound.

Sally looked desperately around for Paul, or a policeman, anyone to help her.
Things were getting way out of control. She guessed that she was in some serious
trouble. What was going to happen to her? She did not mean to steal anything;
hadn't Paul paid for the necklace?

They approached an area where a fire was being pumped by a large bellows to make
it even hotter than normal. A man reached into the fire with a pair of tongs,
pulled out a horseshoe, and started hitting it with a hammer against an anvil.
Sally was dragged right up to the anvil.

"The sheriff says to put her in irons," The vendor said to the very muscled
blacksmith.

Sally was very scared. The vendor was clearly mad and the blacksmith did not
look like any one to mess with. The blacksmith went to the back of his wagon and
open a wooden box, reached inside, and pulled out two pieces of chain about 14
inches in length. The iron that made up the links was about as thick as a
pencil. The vendor pushed Sally into a sitting position beside the anvil. The
blacksmith returned carrying the chain and four bands.

The vendor grabbed her arm and forced it down on the anvil, holding it
motionless. The blacksmith grabbed the two sides of one of the bands and forced
it around her wrist. She noticed that the bands were actually a round piece of
iron with a primitive hinge, formed by a shaft through two holes. The other side
looked very similar, however, the shaft was missing. Sally tried to move her arm
but the vendor held it fast. The blacksmith went over to the fire with his tongs
and reached down amongst the coals to fish out a glowing mushroom. While holding
a link of the chain in line between the two holes, he carefully positioned
Sally's arm.

"Now be still so I don't hurt you," the blacksmith admonished Sally.

He carefully inserted the mushroom through the first hole, through the last link
in the chain and then through the other hole. He then put the head of the
mushroom against the anvil and hit the other end, forcing all three pieces
together and flattening the other end of the mushroom.

Sally could feel the heat of the cherry red metal as it was inserted. She
screamed, nearly jumping out of her skin when the blacksmith hit it with the
hammer. Her hand was quickly put into a trough of water that was close by, and
there was a hiss as the rivet cooled in the water. Then the vendor grabbed her
other hand.

Sally looked around with tears in her eyes. How could this be happening to her?
Her screams had caused a crowd to grow and they were all staring at her. She got
a grip on herself and stopped the crying. It wasn't going to get her anywhere
anyway. As she looked around, there was Paul, leaning up against a tree and
grinning. That rat! He is in on this, she realized.

Sally was both mad and relieved at the same time. She remembered reading a story
on the Internet, about a young girl at fair that had been put in irons, and
sharing the story with Paul. She was mad at Paul for putting her in this
situation but relieved that this was really just part of the atmosphere. As the
process was being repeated on her other wrist, and both of her ankles, she found
that the situation was quite arousing. She again became aware of the chain
locked around her waist and between her legs.

Once the blacksmith was done, the vendor removed the necklace.

"You be at the square at 9 a.m. tomorrow for sentencing."

"You can't be serious. I can't stay like this," Sally cried.

"You should have thought about that before you took the necklace. This will
insure that you don't run away or steal from anyone else."

With this, Sally was allowed to stand up. She was amazed by how heavy these
chains were. It looked like the shackles were worn smooth, as though they'd been
worn many times before. It was good that they were smooth or else they would
have rubbed her skin raw. She tried to take a few steps and found that she must
weigh twenty pounds heavier than before. This iron stuff was very heavy.

Paul came up to her as she was examining the shackles.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

Sally tried to hit him but the weight of the chain and shackles slowed her down
to the point that he simply stepped out of the way.

"Oh, Oh... You...You... Cad!" Sally stammered, frustrated by her limited
movement.

They spent the rest of the afternoon wandering around the fair. Sally was
continually getting stares from most of the people, and a few would even point
at her. The men seemed to be mentally undressing her, or was that just her
imagination. One little boy could be heard asking her father, "Why is that women
in chains? Will she have to go the dungeon, daddy?"

Sally could not help herself, she kept trying to get out of the shackles but it
was no use. She could not forget about them, as the weight kept bothering her.
Finally they returned to their campsite, at almost dark, to fix supper.

"Let me out now so I can fix supper," Sally commanded Paul.

"Honey, you don't understand. I can't. There is no trick to these. From the time
of the Romans until small locks were invented, including the old English
countryside, this is the method of restraining the prisoners. It will take a
file or chisel to get you out of these and I don't have either one."

The enormity of the situation hit Sally. Paul could not let her out, even if he
wanted to. She would spend the night in chains, just like the slaves of old. So
this is what it was like to be in a hopeless situation.

Later, after eating, Paul took her by the arm and led her through the campground
to a community campfire. Sally was very aware of her condition as she sat down
on the ground with the others gathered there. Sally was approached by a woman,
who told her that she was in the same situation at the last fair. Soon there
were others asking her what it felt like to be chained up. She spent the evening
relating the experiences of the day to the women gathered there. She wondered
how many of them were secretly wishing that it were they, who were in irons.

It was late when they returned to the tent. In order for Sally to get undressed,
Paul had the remove the lacing on her dress that went all the way down her
sleeves. No wonder Paul had insisted that she wear this dress for the weekend.
Paul removed the chain around her waist, and the two of them crawled into the
sleeping bag. They made slow sweet love, for a long time. Paul held the chain
down that connected her wrists, forcing her hands above her head. Sally lifted
her legs and dragged the chain connecting her ankles across Paul's back, drawing
him even deeper into her dripping cunt.

"This slave stuff is not so bad," Sally thought, as she was coming for the third
time.

The next morning Sally was sore. The confining heavy chains had kept her from
moving much during the night so she was stiff.

"You had better get up, or you'll be late for your sentencing," Paul announced.

"You mean that this is not my punishment?"

"No, the sheriff will announce that, but if you are late it will be much worse
for you. You only have about 30 minutes to get dressed, eat, and get over
there."

Sally struggled to pull her dress up but she discovered that simple things are
no longer simple when you are bound in irons. Paul had to come in and lace up
the sleeves of her dress for her. As she hurried off to the outhouse, she could
feel the eyes of other campers on her as her chains clanked noisily as she
walked. She would be glad when she was done with this. How horrible it would be
to have to wear these for months. It was bad enough now, and it had not even
been a full day yet.

She also realized that she did not have that long remaining in her contract that
gave herself to Paul. The thought of this made her sad. Though she would not
tell him, she would not mind if her contract continued for a while longer. That
would not happen though, because Sally knew that Paul had planned a business
trip that would take him out of town the following week. That was why he had the
contract end that afternoon, rather than it running into the night.

She did her business quickly, returned to the campsite, grabbed a slice of toast
and started the walk back to the fair. They arrived at the square to find the
sheriff waiting, along with the vendor.

"Hear yee, Hear yee, Hear yee. All people gather round. This woman stands
accused of thievery."

Sally was amazed at how quickly people gathered around the square. Paul had
disappeared again.

"How do you plead in this case, woman?"

"I did not steal the necklace. My, ah, boyfriend talked to the vendor and I
believed that he had paid for it."

"Did you wear the necklace out?"

"Yes, but..."

"Did you pay for the necklace?"

"No. I didn't have any money on me, but Paul..."

"People gathered here, you have heard her story. How do you pronounce her?"

"GUILTY!" the crowd yelled in unison.

"Then I sentence you to two hours in the pillory, beginning now!" the sheriff
declared.

The Sheriff grabbed the chain between her wrist shackles and lead her back
toward the blacksmiths area. The crowd followed them, making all kinds of
comments. Everyone at the fair seemed to have their attention on Sally. The
blacksmith removed the shackles with four blows of a chisel. Sally had only a
moment to rub her sore wrists before two men grabbed her arms and ushered her
off again. Sally caught sight of their objective. To one side of the square
there was a large tree and under this tree was the pillory, waiting for her. It
was located in a place that everyone would pass by.

This pillory was different from the one in Paul basement though. It was made of
boards that went between two posts and which were held in place by pegs through
the posts. First, her hands were placed into two half circles of the bottom
board. Then a board was added which had the mating circles for her wrists on the
bottom and a larger one on the top. The sheriff grabbed a handful of her hair
and painfully pulled her head down to the top of the board. Her hair was long
enough that it naturally parted in the back to hang straight down on each side
of her face, effectively blocking her sight. She felt the post tremble as the
top board was added. It came down around her neck with a bang that echoed in her
ears. Then she was left alone. She tried to lift her head to see what was
happening but the boards were too thick around her neck to allow her enough room
to see anything, and her hair blocked the side vision. She was forced to study
her hands, trapped below her head.

"Before this is over, I will know every detail of the rings and my fingers,"
Sally thought.

Sally was trying to find a comfortable way to stand. She was bent at the waist,
at almost ninety degrees, with her breasts hanging free and swinging beneath her
in her dress. Sally did not like this at all. She felt more exposed now than at
any time since she came to the fair. Already her back was beginning to ache, and
she was constantly aware of how her breasts swayed in the breeze, displaying
deep cleavage. Also, the thick wood planks around her neck seemed tight while
the holes her wrists were in seemed almost loose. Sally tried to pull her hands
out but found that the wrist holes were not as loose as they seemed. The people
would taunt her as they went by, causing her face to turn crimson with shame.

The time went extremely slow for Sally as she grew more uncomfortable by the
minute. But, as she thought about her situation, she found herself getting
excited too. In her mind she was back in the 17 century, captured and helpless.
Maybe some man would come up and grab her swinging breasts. Another would lift
her skirt and take her from behind while she was held bent over, unable to stop
them. Sally's mind ran away with the possibilities and the dreams that she had
dreamt since she was a teenager.

In another scenario, played out in Sally's mind, the blacksmith would lift her
dress to take lots of measurements, then leave, only to return just before she
was to be released. She would discover that the measurements were for a custom
built chastity belt that was installed before she was released. Oh, that would
be terrible.

A man standing next to her head interrupted her thoughts. She could see his
sandals below her captive hands.

"How are you doing?" It was Paul.

"I am so hot! I wish we were in private so you could fuck my pussy."

"Is that why your legs are wet?"

"Oh my god, NO!"

It was humiliating enough to be in a pillory in public, but her excitement was
showing. Without thinking, Sally renewed her struggles to escape, still without
any success.

"You are lovely like that, you know. And you won't get away. I choose this place
because no-one will know who you are, you know that don't you?"

Sally relaxed as much as she could in her position. Paul gently stroked her
hair, lovingly.

The sheriff returned and released Sally after the two hours were over. Paul had
to help her to stand straight. Every muscle in her back was sore. Paul picked
her up and carried her back to the tent to rub her sore muscles. It was not long
before they were deep into the sex that they both craved. It was lucky that most
of the campground visitors were at the fair, for they must have made a lot of
noise. Once Sally's lust had been satisfied, she grabbed her bag and headed for
a shower to "freshen up". Okay, to wash all the juices off of her so the smell
of sex would go away.

She realized in the shower that she was free. No chains, no necklace, and no
locks. It was past the end of the contract. What surprised her though, was that
she was disappointed. For all the misery she had suffered, she had never been so
turned on sexually, and for such a long period of time, in her entire life. Now,
it was a let down.

By the time she got back, Paul had all of their stuff loaded into the car. They
hopped in and enjoyed a lovely relaxing drive home in the perfect afternoon sun.




The Commitment


 Chapter 8   Forever

On their drive back to the city, after Sally being the star of the old English
fair, they had a chance to talk about her weekend. Sally confessed that she had
never had such a lack of control and had never felt so helpless. She also could
not remember a time when she had so many orgasms in that short a time period.
While she had been scared out of her mind a few times, she knew deep down that
Paul would take care of her.

Paul informed her that he had accepted an invitation for them to Tammie and
Sam's for some pizza that night. It would be an early evening, because both Paul
and Sam had to leave early in the morning for a business trip that would keep
them on the road all week. By the time they completed the drive, and got all of
the camping equipment cleaned and put away, it was time to go to dinner.

Once they arrived, the men went out back to discuss the car project that Sam was
trying to finish in the garage. Sally apologized to Tammie for the embarrassment
of last Thursday when she had come to get the dress, and had found Tammie locked
to the chair by her sex.

"How long have you had those rings?" Sally asked. "I never would have guessed
that you had them."

"Oh, about a year, I guess."

"Did it hurt to get pierced there?"

"Yes but only for a minute. They healed really quickly, and they add so much to
our playtime that was really worth it. Now they keep me thinking about sex
whenever I walk. As a matter of fact, Sam has me locked into a chastity device
now with them. I am hoping that he will leave me that way all week while he is
gone," Tammie confided.

"You're kidding."

Tammie looked around, but the men were nowhere in sight. She unbuckled her pants
and pulled both her pants and panties down to her knees. Sally gasped as she saw
a belt that disappeared between Tammie's legs. As she got a closer look, the
belt was made of metal with thin rubber coating on the outside. While it was
held around her waist with a conventional looking belt, there were two slots
between her legs. Through those slots, were Tammie's labia rings, and though the
rings was a stainless steel lock. Just above this were a series of very small
holes.

"Can you actually pee though those? Is it comfortable?" Sally was curious,
rather than shocked.

"Yes, although hygiene is tough wearing this. And it is comfortable enough to
wear for a week, I think. I have only worn it for a few days up till now, but
Sam put it on me this afternoon, so we will have to see," Tammie said as she
pulled her pants back up.

The men were just coming back into the house when the boy arrived delivering the
pizza. They all sat around the kitchen table and ate, as Sally and Paul related
their activities the past weekend. It was nice that both couples enjoyed bondage
and could relate to the stories, as well as exchange ideas. After they were done
eating, they went to the family room with their coffee.

It was there that Paul pulled out a box and handed it to Sally. Sally examined
the box, a velvet covered jewelry box, larger than a ring box.

"Go on, you can open it," Paul urged.

"What is it, Paul?" Tammie asked.

"You'll see."

Sally opened the box and peered inside. It looked like a bracelet. It was made
of gold and was not very large. As she took it out of the box so the others
could see, she noticed that the gold, it was made of, was shaped not round, but
square. It was thin, but larger than a wire, and the light gleamed off of the
flat surfaces as she examined it. It was like a cuff bracelet in that it was in
the shape of a C, more oval than round, and the ends were not smooth.

"It's very nice," Sally commented.

"It is not yet finished," Paul informed her.

"What do you mean?"

"This is a "Forever Bracelet". It is made out of gold wedding rings," Paul
explained, "that were handed down in my family and were melted and formed into
the bracelet you see here. As you can see, the ends almost touch but are not
smooth. You will need to go to the jeweler where he will fit it to your wrist
size, and then he'll solder the ends together forever. It will be a solid ring
then, with no end to it.

"I am giving this to you as a symbol of our relationship. Instead of the
contract you signed last Friday, I want you to give yourself to me "Forever". I
love you more than anyone or anything ever before. I want ours to be something
that is not temporary but, instead, permanent. Hence the bracelet.

"Think about what I am asking carefully," Paul continued. "If you want to bring
permanence to our relationship and continue like we have, then keep the
appointment with the jeweler that I have made for you next Friday. If you are
not ready, or simply don't want to, that is okay, I will love you anyway. I want
Tammie and Sam to witness that I am not going to coerce you in any way. That is
why I want you to think about this while I am gone and I will not be here to
influence your decision. Think about this carefully, I promise that while
sexually you will belong to me, forever, in all other ways you will be a free,
independent and equal partner. I will never take advantage of you sexually
either. This relationship must be built on trust, not fear. Think carefully, I
will not accept an answer tonight but I will see your decision when I return."

Paul sat down after he finished his speech. A pin dropping in the room would
have sounded like a gunshot. Sally stared at the bracelet and then at Paul with
her mouth open. She had never been so flattered, excited, confused or scared.
What was Paul asking; if he had asked her to marry him she would have said yes
in a minute. But this was even more. FOREVER! Wow.

Luckily, Tammie interrupted the moment.

"Would you like some more coffee, Paul?"

"Yes, please."

"I could use a refill also," Sam chimed in.

"Sally, would you help me carry the cups?"

"Sure," Sally replied absentmindedly.

It was almost mechanical that Sally stood up with her cup, and followed Tammie
to the kitchen.

"I take it from your present state, that proposal was a surprise."

"Oh God yes. I would have never dreamed. But then, while I have dreamed of
situations like this weekend, I never thought I would have a weekend that
exceeded my dreams."

"He loves you very much, you know. You are very lucky."

By this time the coffee cups were refilled and they were back on their way to
the living room. The rest of the evening passed quickly, and ended early. Paul
and Sam still had to pack for their trip, and Sally was simply in a fog. By
bedtime, Sally was sitting in her bedroom without remembering the drive to
Paul's and her drive back to the apartment. She was sitting again at her
dressing table, staring at the bracelet. She gently tried the bracelet on. It
gleamed on her wrist.

She tried to vision what it would look like once it was finished. She did not
want to admit it, even to herself, but she knew that she would have it put on
forever. Finally, she put it back in the box, removed her silver stud earrings
and the rings from each of her ring fingers, then got into bed. It took her a
long time to get to sleep with so much to think about.

The first days of the following week went uneventfully for Sally. She
successfully dodged the probing questions from her friends about her weekend
activities, answering with vague tales of a camping trip, most of which were the
truth. Just that they were only a very small part of the weekend.

She also spent a lot of time thinking about Paul's words. She knew that she was
in love with Paul and that she trusted him like she had never trusted anyone in
her entire life. Instinctively, she knew that this was a turning point in her
life, and once she had made the decision her life would change forever. Forever.
There was that word again. It was Wednesday, and after a lunch with her team
from work she was sitting at her desk, staring at the monitor, when she finally
admitted to herself what her heart had known all along. She was going to go
through with it.

Once she had decided, she did not want to wait. She called the jeweler to see if
she could come in early. He asked if she could be at the shop by four o'clock
that day. The shop closed at five and he would need about 15 minutes to finish
the work. She would be there, she said. The bracelet was in her purse, and
luckily, she had driven to work that morning. While she honestly tried to work
on her current project, it just was no use. The time crawled by and of course,
just as it was finally time to leave, the phone rang. It was a service rep with
a problem.

It took Sally until 3:05 to get the situation dealt with so she hurried out of
the office without telling anyone about her plans. When she arrived at the small
jewelry shop, it was just a couple of minutes after 4 p.m.

"Can I help you?" the girl behind the counter asked.

"I called earlier today about getting a bracelet finished," Sally answered.

"What was your name?"

"Sally Edwards."

"Just a minute."

Sally watched as the girl went through a door into another room. There was a
window in the wall and Sally could see that there were three jewelers working at
benches and the room held a large safe. The girl went to the safe and opened it,
then went through several boxes inside. Finally, she came back.

"I am sorry, but I don't see a bracelet with your name. Could you describe what
you are having done, maybe it is on one of the benches."

"Oh, I have it with me," Sally said as she pulled the box from her purse,
handing it to the girl.

"I remember now, it's a forever bracelet. We usually don't let them out of the
shop until they are finished, but your ah. . . friend wanted it to be a
surprise. Was it a surprise?"

"Yes."

"What did you decide?"

"Excuse me?"

"Well, Paul was not sure if you would want it permanent, or with a clasp so it
could be removed. What did you decide?"

"Permanent. I called earlier and a gentleman said that if I came this afternoon,
he could finish it."

"Just a minute then, I will see if he is ready for you."

The girl went through the same door and then though another door in the back.
While she was gone, Sally looked at the displays. It was really a small store
with very little on display. It seemed that the jeweler specialized in custom
work and had very little stock to display. Most of the items were work that had
been completed but had yet to be picked up. Sally could tell that the work was
superb. Many of the items were truly unique. A gentleman returned and approached
her.

"Sally?"

"Yes."

"I'm Carl, the owner. We spoke on the phone this afternoon. Come on back with
me."

Sally went around the end of the counter and through the workroom, into the room
in the back. There was another smaller workbench in this room with two stools
next to it.

"Have a seat," he said, pointing to one of the stools.

"Is this where you make everything?"

"Yes, for the bracelets. I melt the gold in the furnace there, and pour the
molten gold into these molds."

"But the mold is only about the size of a little finger, how does it become a
bracelet?"

"Well I run it through these rollers which makes it thinner and longer."

"That is why it is square." Sally answered her own question.

"Which wrist?"

"This one, I guess. I sometimes wear a watch on the other." Sally held out her
right wrist.

"It really doesn't matter, but most people choose the right wrist."

As Sally watched, Carl put the bracelet around her wrist and squeezed it closed.
Once the ends met, he looked at the spacing around her wrist and then adjusted
the bracelet so the two ends passed each other, making the bracelet a little bit
smaller.

"How does that look?" Carl asked.

"I don't know, it looks fine to me."

He picked up a pair of wire cutters and cut off a quarter inch piece of the gold
from one end. He carefully spread the bracelet and took it off of her wrist,
careful not to scratch her with the now sharp cut end. He next took a flexible
shaft with a grinding wheel on the end and ground flat the end that he had just
cut. He picked up the piece that he had cut off and placed it in a bag, handing
it to Sally.

"Here is a start to another one. Yours is the thickest forever bracelet I make.
If I were to make it thicker it might get caught and break your wrist, but with
at 1.5 mm the bracelet should break first. It is not worth an injury to your
wrist."

"How did you get started making these?"

"Well, first I made one for my wife, out of my old high school class ring. Then
her friend wanted one, then another, and another. It has surprised me how many
people want one."

While he was talking he picked up a strip of cloth and wrapped it around Sally's
wrist, holding it in place with tape. The cloth reminded Sally of a potholder.
It was that type of woven tubes that she made potholders out of as a child.
Next, he opened a valve on a torch that was clamped to the vise on the bench. He
held a flame to it and it lit a bright, yellow-orange flame. He opened the other
valve and the flame became a small blue flame with a smaller blue flame within.
He then coated the ends of the bracelet with a brown paste and held the ends in
the flame.

He quickly picked up a tiny piece of something with a pair of needle nose pliers
and put it on one end of the bracelet. The flame turned colors and the piece
melted to the bracelet. He removed the bracelet from the flame and let it cool.
Once it was cool he placed the bracelet back on Sally's wrist with the open ends
on top. He unclamped the torch from the vise and held it in his left hand,
grabbed the bracelet with his bare right hand, holding it against the cloth on
the bottom of her wrist and making a gap between her wrist and the ends.

"Ready? Hold still now."

Sally was a little afraid at this point. She was glad her elbow was able to rest
on the bench, otherwise she might be shaking. But Carl's hands were steady.
Gently he placed the torch next to her hand, with the flame facing up away from
her wrist. With his other bare hand he squeezed the two ends together, lining
them up so they met. He then lowered the flame so just the center blue flame
touched the joint. The flame changed colors and a brown bump formed where the
two ends of the bracelet met. He quickly took the torch away and turned it off,
still holding the bracelet closed, with the hot part away from her wrist. In a
few seconds, he tested the bracelet for temperature with his hand and released
it.

"There. That wasn't bad, was it?"

"I didn't even feel any heat at all," Sally said, amazed.

"Just a little more work and we will be done."

Carl took the shaft with the grinding wheel and ground each side of the square
bracelet at the point where he had soldered. The brown bump disappeared, leaving
just a patch of black on the bracelet. He changed the end on the shaft to a soft
wheel, put some red stuff on it, and started to polish. In seconds, the black
disappeared, and so did the joint. Sally looked, but she could not see the spot
where he had been working on the bracelet.

"All done," Carl said, as he removed the cloth from around her wrist. "I will
show you the way out. You are all paid for and everything."

He escorted her back through the workroom to the front of the store. Sally
thanked him for moving her appointment up. When she got into her car she could
not help but take a close look at the bracelet. The sun was shining in the
window and reflecting off of the bracelet, and she could not see where it had
been soldered. It was a solid, unending oval of gleaming gold. Since the
bracelet had flat sides, rather than round, it would catch and reflect the
sunlight as it moved on her wrist.

She tried to twist the bracelet around her wrist, and was just able to get her
wrist turned in it but there was some pain. She did not try to move it back
around. At the smallest part of her wrist, she could just fit her finger between
the bracelet and her wrist. If she felt very carefully, she could just make out
where it had been soldered, since Carl could not get the polishing wheel to the
inside of the bracelet. The bracelet would move up her arm, towards the elbow,
about four inches from the smallest part of her wrist before it stopped tight on
her arm. It stopped at the base of her hand, well short of the ball at the base
of her thumb. Obviously, it was not ever going to come off over her hand. It was
permanent! A warm, satisfied feeling came over her.

I can't stay in a parking place all night, she thought. I'd better get moving.
As Sally drove, she was very aware of the bracelet. It felt light, especially
compared to those heavy shackles she wore the last weekend. On the way home, she
stopped by Tammie's to see if she had any plans for supper.

"Sally you got the bracelet put on!" Tammie exclaimed.

"You like it?" Sally asked as Tammie practically ripped her arm off to look at
it.

"Oh, you are so lucky to have Paul. You guys are the perfect couple."

Tammie didn't have plans, so they went out to a small cafe, and got a bite to
eat while Sally told Tammie all about the experience. While they were talking,
the waitress overheard their conversation about the "forever bracelet".

"If you don't mind my asking, what is a forever bracelet?" she asked.

"Here, look at mine," Sally said, holding her wrist up and slowly turning it so
she could see.

"How do you get it off? Oh, I get it, you can't. Duh, that's why it's a forever
bracelet. Neat, but I could never wear something that I couldn't take off."

They giggled about her reaction to the bracelet for a while.

"Speaking of can't take off, did Sam leave you locked up?" Sally asked.

"Yes, I am so frustrated I can't get anything inside of it for relief, and
believe me I have tried. Even searched the house looking for the key."

Sally dropped Tammie off after supper and went home. Back at her apartment, she
was cleaning up the kitchen, unloading the dishwasher, and she noticed that
whenever she reached down for a plate, the bracelet would be at the base of her
hand. Then, when she put the plate on the shelf at eye level, the bracelet would
slide up her arm as far as it would go. It would then side back down her wrist
as she reached for the next plate. It was a pleasant feeling, but she had never
been aware of the feeling of bracelets on her arms before.

"Better get used to it girl, it's there forever," she thought happily.

That night when it was time for bed, she took off her clothes, her earrings and
rings. Looking at herself in the mirror, it was amazing how the bracelet stood
out. There was her naked body except for one gleaming stripe of gold. It made
her feel sexy. She hopped into bed, but was soon fingering the bracelet and then
dragging it over her erect nipples. Her other hand naturally found its way
between her legs. She was sopping wet when she parted her labia. Her finger
could not ignore her throbbing clit. Her orgasm came on quick and thundering.
Then, after, she fell into a very deep sleep.

The next morning arrived way too soon for Sally and she wound up rushing to not
be late for work. She really didn't have time to think much about the bracelet.
Sally accepted an invitation to go to lunch with Amy and Sue, the two other team
members in her group. They went to a fast food place around the corner and were
soon seated in a corner table with their food, making small talk. Sally had
finished eating and was sitting with her elbow on the table, when Amy asked
about her bracelet. She realized that she had been running her finger over its
smooth surface as they had been talking.

"I have never seen a bracelet like that one before, how does it open?" Amy
asked.

With only a moments hesitation, Sally replied, "It doesn't open."

"Well then how in the world do you take it off?" Amy asked with a confused look
on her face.

"I can't take it off," Sally answered as she turned her arm over so they could
look.

"What in the world...."  Amy said as she took hold of the bracelet. "Wow, that's
neat! It is beautiful."

"I don't think I could stand having something I could not take off," said Sue,
looking at it. "How did you get it on?"

"It was formed, shaped, and soldered around my wrist," Sally informed them. "It
is called "Forever Bracelet", and it's a present from Paul."

"I want one of those." Amy exclaimed

"Well I sure hope you love him a lot to accept a binding present like that," Sue
observed.

"I do," Sally said truthfully.




The Commitment


 Chapter 9  Commitment

As Sally was getting ready to leave on Friday afternoon, the phone rang. She
started to reach for it and then stopped. "Oh well," she thought. "Paul's not
around, I might as well stay late."

"Agent quote services," she answered.

"Sally, I didn't think you would be there."

Sally's heart jumped. It was Paul, though he sounded disappointed that she had
answered.

"Paul, where are you? I miss you so much."

"Well that's good to hear. I'm on my way to my house from the airport. We got
done early and I changed fights. Want to come over?"

"Sure, I'll be there as soon as I can."

"See you there," Paul said as he hung up.

As Sally was driving to Paul's, she tried to figure out why Paul had sounded
disappointed but had asked her to come over anyway. It did not make sense to
Sally. Then it hit her. She wouldn't have been at the office if she had kept
Paul's appointment at the jewelers. He had no way to know that she had gone
there two days earlier. That's it!

Sally briefly thought about hiding the bracelet, but the day had been warm and
she was wearing short sleeves. The bracelet was very obvious on her wrist. She
was looking at it so hard that she almost missed her exit.

She walked into the house and ran to Paul, throwing her arms around his neck and
giving him a big kiss. Their tongues tried to tie themselves together. When they
finally released, they were both out of breath.

"Wow! Maybe I should be gone more often if that's the greeting I get," Paul
said, as their faces parted but not their bodies.

"It is so good to have you back," Sally said, squeezing him in a bear hug.

"Why don't you see what you can whip up from the freezer while I unpack."

"Okay."

Paul quickly turned and headed upstairs, and Sally went into the kitchen. She
was working on a salad at the sink, singing, when Paul returned. Paul stopped at
the door and just watched her from the doorway. Her back was to him and she had
not heard him come in. No matter how often he saw her, he could never get enough
of the sight of her body. The way her hair moved as she tossed her head from
side to side, just grazing her shoulders. Her waist, the shape of her legs,
the... what was that glint of gold? It was on her right wrist. Paul crossed the
kitchen and grabbed her arm, staring.

"Like it? It's yours, you know," Sally said, beaming.

"When you answered the phone, I thought that was my answer."

"No. I couldn't wait, so I went Wednesday and had it put on. That was why you
sounded so disappointed."

Paul took her by the hand and brought her into the living room. He sat her down
in a chair and crossed the room. He opened a drawer and took something out.
Sally was confused. He hadn't said a word to her, and when he returned, he knelt
down in front of her.

"You don't know how happy you have made me. This goes with the bracelet."

He handed her a small velvet box, which she slowly opened. Inside was a diamond
engagement ring.

"I want the other side of our relationship to be as permanent as your gift of
your body. Will you marry me?"

"Yes!" Sally answered as she choked back the tears, and she jumped down to him.

After many wet moments together, they finally pulled themselves apart. Paul held
her right hand and ran his finger over the smooth surface of the bracelet.

"You know you shouldn't have scared me like that," Paul said. "After we finish
supper, I am going to have to take you downstairs and punish you for that."

"To hell with supper, lets go now," Sally challenged.

"You are too eager."

But, as they got up, Paul grabbed her and threw her over his shoulder, then
headed for the basement door.

Supper would wait.

 The End

 For now.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dingo Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





