BDSM Library - The Rape At Work




The Rape At Work
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a true story of a gang rape as told by the victims and others.  It was kept as true to life as it can possibly be.
The Rape at Work

Deborah and I had already decided to go our separate ways but we'd done it
amicably and still lived in the same apartment complex as neighbors.  We didn't
visit each other but we talked on the phone and spoke when we saw each other in
common areas.  We were both dating other people and neither of us had a problem
with that so, all 'n' all, we were doing just fine.

I worked across the street from the apartment complex in a very small
convenience store and Deborah had just gotten a better job (after leaving a
pizza parlor where she'd been attacked by a drunken patron with a broken beer
pitcher and put in the hospital for a week) working in a small care center for
invalids.  We always considered my job to be the "bad" one; as everyone knows,
those small 24-hour stores are seen as the best place to rob in night and I was
on the night shift while going to school during the day.  We didn't think about
Deborah's job being risky at first but that changed rather quickly.

The problem was that the staff of the care center handled a HUGE amount of
controlled substances: the medications prescribed for the patients living there. 
There was a registered nurse during the day shifts but there were no medical
staff on duty when the evening and night crews can on.  In fact, there was only
two girls working all night, alone, to take care of over 30 people who couldn't
take care of themselves.  This fact disturbed me but I was angered by the fact
that Deborah and the other girl, Jennifer, had no medical training whatsoever
and they were required to administer all the necessary drug dosages during their
shifts.  This untrained "care" included injections using standard syringes! 
There's no way a reputable health center would have allowed something that
dangerous and illegal to happen but Deborah was thrilled with her newfound
career and there was no way to convince her of anything else.  I stopped trying
to get her to quit when I saw it was a fruitless effort and she went to work
happily 5 days a week.

On one of my slower shifts, I was surprised to see Deborah's downstairs neighbor
run through the store's door and yell that I needed to go home right now.  By
the look on his face, I knew there was something very bad I would find there but
I needed to get someone to come into the store since I was on a shift alone.  In
the 15 minutes it took for the manager to arrive, the neighbor told me what
would be the beginning of a long nightmare: Deborah and her coworker had been
victims of a robbery at the center.  Immediately, I assumed it was about the
large amount of drugs onsite and the lack of adequate staff and safety
procedures and I was correct.  What I never dreamed of was what I heard when I
went back to my apartment.

This is an account of the events of that night as told to me by both the girls
in the center, the neighbors, and the police.  Obviously, the names of all
involved (including me) are changed but the story is accurate and it was
verifiable from multiple sources.


I was halfway to my apartment when I was redirected to Deborah's place.  There,
I found Deborah on the stairs outside in torn and dirty clothing, looking
shocked but not crying.  I sat beside her and asked what happened and she said
we needed to go to my place for her to tell me.  I agreed and, when we got
there, she sat beside me on my staircase and told me that the robbery wasn't
just a robbery.  The six men in masks got the drugs they came for but they
didn't want to leave when they saw the two young and attractive women.

Deborah was 5'7" and about 110 lbs, in great physical condition, partly because
of her martial arts training where she earned a black belt in Tai kwon do.  Her
medium length red hair was a good reflection of her fiery temperament and her
attractive figure was a magnet for most of the guys who looked her way.  Her
coworker, Jennifer, was about 5'5", a bit over 115 lbs. and had longish, thick
jet-black hair.  She was extremely attractive and a very personable girl.  She &
Deborah and were good friends though they didn't go out together often.

Deborah told me that her night had started badly.  The senior staff had been
rather abrupt with Jennifer and her about the handling of a large incoming
shipment of medication that they wanted unpacked and put into the medication
locker before the night shift ended.  This was a job always performed by the day
shift and both girls felt they were being put upon by being asked to do more
work.  But they knew they didn't have a choice and set about doing it a little
at a time while they took care of the patients.

The girls were about halfway through the task when someone slammed into the back
door of the center around 1:30 am.  The noise scared everyone who heard it
(including some of the patients who were still awake) and Deborah was about to
go for the phone when the second crash at the door broke the simple door lock
and men burst into the room.

Forgetting all about her defense training, Deborah did the right thing and fled
for the director's office and the temporary safety of its locking door to call
for 911.  Behind her, Jennifer screamed but Deborah barely hesitated and got
into the inner office and dialed the phone before this door, too, was broken
open.  The masked man who came in aimed a handgun at Deborah and she dropped the
phone.  Still holding the gun on her, the man crossed the room and quickly hung
it up before Deborah could say a single word.

(Calling 911 shows the emergency operator the name, phone number and address of
the person calling.  This time, it partially failed.  Turns out that the center
had recently moved but retained the same phone number so, when the phone call
was disconnected, the operator tried to call back and notify the police at the
same time.  The system gave the operator the wrong number and address but the
correct name of the center. Looking up the address, she sent the police to the
wrong address - all the way across the city from where Deborah and Jennifer
were).

The man yelled something at Deborah but she didn't understand it.  He repeated
it and Deborah recognized the language as Spanish.  She spoke fluent German but
didn't understand a single word of Spanish so she shook her head.  This pissed
off the man and he grabbed her and dragged her back into the main room where
they met five other men in masks, Jennifer, and two men in wheelchairs who lived
in the center.

The men spoke to each other and the girls were told to sit on the floor between
the wheelchairs while most of the robbers began gathering up the drugs from
everywhere they could find them.  One stayed by the girls and held the gun
pointed at them.  The two men in wheelchairs didn't saw a single word.

Once the medications were completely packed up for removal, some of the robbers
began loading them into whatever vehicle they had outside and the others waiting
inside, beginning to show a bit more interest in the girls.  Deborah was nudged
a few times but she said nothing.

There was a shout from outside which the men inside responded to with another
shout.  The ones outside came back inside and all now stood by the girls.  They
talked amongst themselves a while before one went back to the broken door,
closed it and barricaded it with a tipped chair.  He returned and everyone could
see he was grinning under his mask.

The guy with the gun motioned for the girls to move to the center of the room
which they did.  Then one of them said in broken English,

"Off clothes".  Deborah and Jennifer looked at each other and both shook their
heads 'no'.  The command was repeated and, again, the girls together shouted
"No!"  The gun was pushed down into the belt of one robber and a knife replaced
it.  He walked up to Jennifer, repeated, "Off clothes", and placed the
knife-edge against her throat.  Both girls saw that they were going to be
seriously hurt unless they undressed so they both started but a hand on each
stopped them.  The guy with the knife and the bad English pointed from one to
the other girl, indicating one girl was to remove the other's clothes.

Deborah was mortified.  She had never even considered being nude in front of
anyone but the one lover she now had and she tried to plead with him not to make
her get undressed.  But Jennifer moved to her immediately and began to undress
Deborah with extreme slowness.  She opened the white uniform's buttons one at a
time and carefully made sure she didn't open the blouse, even when the last
button was opened.  She whispered to Deborah to do the same and Deborah did,
looking away from everyone she could as she did it.

The men started to get noisy and it was clear they were getting excited by the
slow stripping which Jennifer had started to just slow everything down until
help arrived.  But the slowness of the undressing did the opposite and the men
all began to say unknown things to each other and laugh.  Deborah turned to look
behind her and she saw what the robbers were laughing at: one of the men in the
wheelchairs, an older man of about 60, had his hand in his pants while watching
the girls strip!  He was actually getting off on their plight and made no
attempt to hide the fact.  Deborah was humiliated.

Jennifer opened Deborah's blouse, Deborah opened hers, and they removed each
other's tops and bras.  Now the guy were all going wild, making lewd gestures
while pointing at the girl's bare chests.  Jennifer opened Deborah's belt and
the guy with the knife came over and made a gesture for her to hurry up.  She
looked at Deborah with sad eyes and hurriedly removed Deborah's pants.  Deborah
die the same for Jennifer and they both stopped and sat there, unable to
continue.

Another of the men came to the girls, grabbed Jennifer by the arms and lifted
her off the floor while another robber pulled her panties down and off.  The
knife was placed at her throat again and she pulled Deborah's panties down after
being dropped back to the floor.  Now both girls sat on the tile floor nude and
the men got quiet and spoke to each other in appreciative whispers.

The leader (Deborah assumed the guy with the gun and knife was in charge.)
grabbed Deborah's hair, pulled her towards Jennifer and said,

"Suck".  Deborah tried to get away from him but he held the knife so she could
see it and Deborah looked between Jennifer's legs.  Jennifer was completely
shaved and her pussy looked like it belonged on the body of a girl much younger
than her 21 years.  She was obviously trembling but she told Deborah,

"It's OK.  Just do what they want and we'll be OK.  Come on, we'll make it. 
Just do what they say."

Neither girl knew if the robbers understood the words but the one with the knife
yanked Deborah's head down and pushed it close to Jennifer's pussy.  Jennifer
leaned backwards on her elbows and Deborah's face was pushed down further,
bringing her nose and mouth into contact with the damp lips of her coworker.

"Suck!" was repeated and Deborah opened her mouth, allowing her tongue to dart
out and onto Jennifer's body.  Jennifer closed her eyes and opened her legs
wider, allowing Deborah's head to be pushed all the way down between her broadly
splayed thighs.  Deborah licked and almost gagged.  It was the worst thing she
had ever put into her mouth and she was so repulsed she tried to lift her head
but she was forced down again and, this time, she was rubbed up and down over
Jennifer's rapidly moistening vagina.  In a moment or two, Deborah began to lick
on her own and the hand in her hair was removed.  The men all started cheering
and clapping while Deborah ate Jennifer out for them to see.  Jennifer, eyes
still closed, moved with the forced cunnilingus in apparent pleasure.

Finally, Deborah's head was lifted and she was pulled back on her elbows the way
Jennifer had been.   Jennifer didn't need to be told and she dropped her head
onto Deborah's red-haired pussy and began licking her with obvious gusto.  She
put her heart into it and seemed to enjoy it so much that Deborah looked at her
friend with a brand new disgust.  Even so, Deborah's body moistened immediately
and she couldn't deny how good Jennifer's tongue felt between her legs.  Still,
while she didn't show any expression on her face, her nipples were rock hard and
she couldn't hid that.

Deborah was pulled back more and Jennifer never lifted her head: she continued
to lick and suck Deborah, ignoring the sounds and people around her, using her
fingers to open Deborah wider to allow even deeper penetration with her probing
tongue.

Finally, she was pulled away from Deborah and pushed down on her back.  Two more
of the robbers came to her and grabbed her legs.  The guy with her arms pinned
both together with one large hand and began opening his pants to Deborah's
horror.  Jennifer didn't say or do anything; she just submitted to however she
was moved, maintaining eyes contact with Deborah.

Deborah was watching in horror for her friend and was suddenly pulled both
directions at once: two of the three remaining guys had grabbed her arms and
pulled them widely apart while "the leader" moved in front of her, opened and
dropped his pants, and pushed his ridged erection at Deborah's mouth.  Deborah
violently tossed her head from side to side until she felt the cold blade of the
knife touch her cheek.  Fearing the maiming of her precious face, she stared at
the cock in front of her.  The man grabbed her hair with his free hand and
pulled her face to his cock, pressing it between her lips and into her mouth. 
Unlike the pussy she had been forced to lick, Deborah had sucked cock before and
knew what to do.  As she started though, she was repositioned so she could she
Jennifer out of the corner of her eye.

Jennifer was pinned on her back, her legs pulled open by two of the masked men
while the third lay down on her with his pant down around his ankles.  With a
quick movement, he thrust his hips forward and grunted.  Jennifer didn't make a
sound.  After a few moments where it sounded like the guys with her were talking
about how she looked or felt inside, the one on her began to rape her
vigorously.  The sounds of their bodies slapping against each other were clearly
audible over the shouts the other men were making.  While Deborah sucked the
cock in her mouth, Jennifer's rapist continued to thrust between her legs,
grunting and groaning with obvious pleasure.

The sounds in the room died down to just the sound of Jennifer being raped and
the sounds of slurping Deborah accidentally made while trying to avoid gagging. 
When the thuds of thrusting hard between Jennifer's legs began to speed up, the
cock in Deborah's mouth began to move on it own, no longer content with being
just sucked.  The robber began to fuck Deborah's face, holding her head firmly
by the hair with both hands, the knife dropped to the floor next to him.

The grunting over Jennifer became verbalized expressions and the cock in
Deborah's mouth was abruptly removed.  Her head was twisted towards Jennifer and
everyone in the room watched the rapist slam his body down of Jennifer while
tossing his head back and yelling.  His body twitched between her legs a few
seconds more and he sat up between her feet, grinning down at her crotch.  He
moved to the side and Deborah saw Jennifer's pussy, lips still slightly parted,
and creamy white fluid flowing from inside her.  There was still no expression
on her face and she looked as serine as her name alluded to.  One of the men
holding her legs traded places with the man who had raped her and, after opening
his pants, lay down on Jennifer and began humping.  Now the sounds in the room
were laced with the lewd sounds of alternately wet suction and wet impacts.

Deborah's mouth was invaded again and she realized the rape of her mouth had
just stopped long enough for the leader to enjoy the climax of Jennifer's rape. 
Now, it continued with a vengeance. Deborah didn't even try to suck anymore; she
let the man rape her face with constant brutality until she felt his cock twitch
on the roof of her mouth.  She involuntarily tried to pull her head away from
the inevitable but was rewarded with a gob of warm, thick cum on her tongue
anyway.  Deborah shook her head but the hands in her hair held her firmly in
place as the discharges continued, each accompanied by a grunt and thrust.  When
the limp penis was pulled from her mouth, she heard a word she assumed was
'swallow' and she did.  Once the mess was out of her mouth, she was able to open
it and try to air out her abused pallet.

Deborah turned to look at Jennifer and saw that the second rapist was enjoying
himself immensely, gleefully fucking her with delight and kissing her as if he
loved her. Jennifer seemed to kiss him back but she showed no passion at all;
she just responded to whatever was being done to her with indifference.  The
guys holding her legs open were just barely touching her ankles since she was
making no effort to struggle or get away.  Deborah couldn't believe what she was
seeing.  Her friend submitting to being gang raped without even a fight.  She'd
never...

...and she was pulled down on her back by the leader, his pants now raised and
closed.  The other two guys were still holding her arms so her legs were free. 
With a carefully placed kick, she slammed her heel hard into the crotch of the
man who had raped her mouth.  He screamed and let go of her hair.  The others
pulled harder at her arms and tried to keep her on her back, which they
successfully did until the guy with his balls kicked recovered enough to get
back to her.  The other five robbers were all laughing so the injured one
started laughing to and lightly slapped Deborah on the face, this time staying
away from her feet and legs.  But Deborah twisted and managed to surprise the
man holding her left arm by wrapping her legs around his neck and pulling him
towards her crotch, squeezing and twisting as hard as she could, hoping to break
his neck.  He went with the twists, though, and managed to roll free of her,
losing his mask in the process.  He was furious but he was laughed at just the
like other unfortunate and returned to the fray.

Try as they might, the three guys attempting to gang rape Deborah could get her
in any vulnerable position.  No matter what they did, she always managed to
break away, never freeing herself but making it impossible for them to hold her
down to be raped.

Finally, the leader grew tired of this game and called for help.  The two
robbers holding Jennifer's legs apart weren't needed since she was submitting
and even returning the kissing she was receiving.  They released her and moved
to help pin Deborah.  Finally Jennifer spoke:

"Hey!  Fuck me!  Come on and fuck the shit out of me!  Yeah, I want it!  I want
you to fuck me - all of you.  Come and get it, boys!"

Deborah was appalled.  It was bad enough that her friend was allowing these
animals to rape her.  But now she was asking for it, too!  What a worthless
slut!

Jennifer's yelling temporarily stopped the efforts to hold Deborah down (though
they didn't dare loosen their grips) and the robbers not part of the rape looked
confused.  They actually started to return to Jennifer when their leader barked
at them again.  They hurried to his side and tried to help hold Deborah on her
back.

Now, Jennifer struggled and got her upper body high enough to look at the leader
and yell:

"Come her and fuck me, you piece of shit! Yes, come on and do it!"  She paused
and then said, "Please leave her alone and you can rape me as long as you want
to.  I'll take as much as you would have given her.  Just do it to me and let
her go."

Deborah stopped her struggle with awe.  Her coworker wasn't being a slut; she
was trying to spare Deborah the gang raping she was receiving willingly! 
Deborah's eyes teared up and she started to say something - anything - to let
her friend know she knew what she was doing, what it would cost her.

But the chain of command was restored around her and Deborah was easily pinned
on her back, both legs pulled apart widely, both rams held over her head, and a
rapist kneeling between her legs and opening his pants.  Deborah finally lost
her composure and started screaming and struggling even more.  But there as no
way for her pitiful efforts to free her and she watched the penis spring free of
the pants in front of her and poke its bulbous head at her pussy.

Both Deborah and Jennifer implored, begged and pleaded with him not to do it. 
And Deborah struggled valiantly even as the cock was shoved into her.  She
didn't scream when it bottomed out inside her but she never stopped resisting,
even as the rapist ground down in her pussy.

The leader said something to the man raping Jennifer and he got off her and led
her to the floor beside Deborah.  Jennifer lay on her back again and opened her
legs, her hips next to Deborah's face and Deborah's hips by hers.  Jennifer's
rapist re-entered her and started fucking her again as Deborah's rapist
continued.  Both rapists watched the opposite girl's rape even as they were
enjoying their own.  The one in Deborah grew taut and she gave her best effort
to remove him and expel his despicable cock from her pussy before it came.  But
it was to no avail and, despite all her efforts, the rapist groaned his cum
deeply in her.  His last few pumps in and out of her were just for the sheer
enjoyment of seeing the look of repugnance on Deborah's face as he laughed at
her.  He pulled out, letting his cum run from her body and traded places with
one of the men holding her arms.  The exchange was done very carefully so as not
to give Deborah any opportunity to hurt them again and the new rapist slammed
his cock into Deborah's completely soaked pussy.

She turned her head to the side and was enthralled to watch a rape so close to
her.  The movement of the man's hips as he fucked Jennifer, the counter
movements of Jennifer as she received the rape willingly, all conspired to
excite Deborah into observing such a terrible thing as the gang rape of a girl
who had offered her own body to spare Deborah's.  There was a loud grunt and the
robber on Jennifer stabbed himself between her legs and held his body tightly
against hers.  Deborah knew Jennifer was feeling another wave of cum being
released in her and knew hers was coming soon.  Before she had time to even
finish the thought, her rapist came, staring at the final thrust into Jennifer.

There was another exchange and both girls were entered yet again and fucked
watching each other being raped.  Jennifer always lay patiently until she
anticipated her rapist's orgasm and then she'd guide him to her with her hips
and legs, making his body seal with hers as he drained himself in her pussy. 
Deborah never stopped fighting them, doing everything in her power to stop the
rape she was getting or prevent the next one from happening.  But she may as
well be doing what Jennifer was doing because the result was the same: rape
after rape, all ending with another ejaculation on top of the last one's cum.

It was after being raped by all six of the robbers that Deborah realized she was
getting raped a lot more than Jennifer even though Jennifer was invited them to
fuck her.  It dawned on her that the robbers were enjoying raping her much more
than they wanted to fuck Jennifer.  They were cumming repeatedly in both girls
but they were taking greater pleasure from violently raping of Deborah then just
having sex with Jennifer.  Deborah's efforts were actually working against her! 
She tried to lay still and just wait for it to end but her spirit was far too
fiery to allow it to happen.

And when they flipped her on her stomach, Deborah was sorry her realization
about her desirability came so late: she was completely exhausted when her legs
and hips were opened and someone lay heavily on her back.  Screaming for her
sanity, Deborah felt herself being speared in her anus.  The rapist spared no
time at all before beginning the worst rape yet for Deborah.  It took all five
of the men on her to keep her under the rapist and open widely enough for him to
stay inside her, fucking her ass with renewed vigor while watching Jennifer's
pussy being poked by his friend's cock.  Luckily for Deborah, the anal rape
didn't last more than a minute as the rapist blew his cumload into her butt with
a fierce slamming of his groin into her hips.  Deborah felt running warmth fill
her and she almost vomited with disgust.  Her rapist yanked his penis from her
abused butthole and laughed like a hyena.

Deborah watched the man in Jennifer cum and pull out of her and the next robber
turned her over on her stomach, too.  But he lifted her ass in the air, guided
his cock into Jennifer's well-screwed pussy, and started a slow, grinding pace
even as someone mounted Deborah again and slid another cock into her anus.  This
time the rape was a lot easier to take; although it caused just as much
discomfort, it didn't hurt as much since all the cum from the previous attacked
allowed this penetration to happen with ease.

Finally here was nobody left to rape either girl so they were brought into
sitting position with their backs to each other and taped there with thick
plastic tape.  Deborah made the mistake of fighting it after some had been stuck
to her skin and it caused both girls to scream in agony as it pulled at their
delicate skin.

The leader stood up, patted his now-covered cock and said something that made
the others laugh.  Then, he walked over to the men in the wheelchairs who both
Deborah and Jennifer had forgotten all about.  One of them was obviously happy
to see what he had seen and he was still diddling around in his pants, clearly
manipulating a erect penis.  This man was rolled over to the girls and pulled to
the very edge of his chair's seat.  He gleefully opened his pants and Deborah
looked up the cock of a patient too sick with dementia to even know what we was
really doing most of the time.  But he knew what he wanted now.  Closer and
closer, his chair was moved over Deborah's outstretched legs, bringing his penis
to within inches of her face.  Hands held Deborah's mouth in place and the man
pushed his hips forward to allow his cock into her mouth.  Deborah silently
screamed and tried to pull her head back but it didn't matter.  Before her lips
could be forced around the old man's prick, he came, shooting a surprisingly
robust gob of cum directly into her face.  The robbers laughed but the old man
readily stroked his cock some more and deposited even a larger stream on
Deborah's lips, cheeks and nose the second time.  Deborah was pushed as far
forward as possible, painfully tugging the tape between her and Jennifer even
more taut, and the dirty old cuss pumped out a third load of jizz covering the
rest of Deborah's face and the front of her red hair as well.  The robbers
laughed hysterically.

They gathered up what little of their belongings they'd dropped from the gang
rapes and left almost as quickly as they had come, leaving Deborah and Jennifer
tied to each other, nude, cum-splattered, and very sore on the cold tile.

Jennifer started to cry, the first emotion she had shown in well over three
hours of repeated abuse and Deborah joined her.  They both thought about how
humiliating it would be to be found like this by the morning staff coming to
work and cried all the harder.  They didn't need to worry about that, tho; the
police arrived about 20 minutes before the next shift came on.  They released
the girls and allowed them to dress before letting the rest of the staff into
the center.

Reports were taken and filed, visits to the hospital were completed immediately,
and the girls were allowed to go home.  Deborah went directly to her downstairs
neighbor who had come to get me.



When Deborah told me this story, I was appalled but I wanted her sexually more
at that moment than I'd ever wanted her in the short year of our marriage.  If
she had offered, I would have had sex with her for as long as she would have
allowed it, doing anything she asked and enjoying it immeasurably.  I am very,
very happy I didn't.

Deborah's test results from the hospital came back with four sexually
transmitted diseases, numerous internal bleeding sores, and, 9 weeks later,
positive for pregnancy.

She was overwhelmed by the STD's but they were not long lasting or fatal, thank
goodness.  But she was devastated by the thought of having the child of one of
her rapists.  Worse, being a Catholic, she couldn't abort the fetus either. 
Over the next five months, I watched her through two suicide attempts, attempted
starvation hoping to lose the child "naturally", and a complete mental
breakdown, leaving her in the hospital's psychiatric ward on a suicide watch
during the last trimester of her pregnancy.

One day, she changed and it all became different for her.  I don't know what
caused the change but I will forever be grateful it happened.  Deborah began to
plan for the birth of her baby with a joy she hadn't experienced before in her
life.  And when Katie was born, she was the light of Deborah's world.  They
bonded so wonderfully even the hospital staff was impressed.

Deborah and I proceeded with our divorce and my world suddenly fell apart.  Once
Deborah had gotten out of the hospital, she had no job, no money, and no health
care.  She had applied for government aid and got it.  Despite the fact that she
had placed no father's name on Katie's birth certificate, the state went after
me, saying that I was the father because we were married at the time of
conception!  I was floored but then I was billed for well over $2000 of unpaid
back child support.  Deborah insisted that I wasn't the father and that I
shouldn't be held liable but the welfare office disagreed and I was labeled a
"deadbeat dad".  I told the matter to court during the divorce proceedings and
the judge looked at my bill for welfare and ordered me to pay so much money a
month that I would have been in growing debt without even paying rent!  I tried
to talk to him but he threw me out of his court.

Between a rock and a hard place, I again took my petition for divorce to court
and, this time, a got a female judge who actually listened to me tell this
entire story (without all the sexual details) in a "private" approach to the
bench.  She was amazed but she believed me and sent me back to the witness box. 
There, she ordered me to pay so little money per month that I would never be out
of debt but she also stopped collection on my back child support.  I thanked her
profusely and was granted the divorce.


I didn't see Deborah for two years after the divorce (although I had an
extremely intense sexual relationship with Jennifer, who wanted to be "raped" by
me as much as possible and as often as possible.  She got her wish as long as
she kept telling me about her gangrape as I fucked her.) and we lost track of
each other.  Then I had a knock on the door and opened it to Deborah holding a
small grinning little girl.  I was speechless as I let them inside and closed
the door. Katie came to me immediately and hugged my leg.  Why?  I'll never know
but she seemed to know.  When Deborah stopped beaming at her baby girl, she
started to cry.  I went to her almost as quickly as Katie did.  Katie dabbed at
her eyes with so much wisdom and solemn concern and we both laughed and Katie
joined us.

Deborah looked at me and said she needed to beg a favour of me.  I asked her
what it was and, after she told me, we hugged tightly and she left. But just
before I saw them both for the last time, I signed the paper she had brought. 
With that paper, I gave away my rights to "my" child and allowed the man of
Deborah's dreams the chance to adopt Katie as his own.  After signing the paper,
Deborah had told me her fiance had paid off all the back child support - as a
gesture of good will - without being asked and not knowing if he'd have his
family legally his or not.  When I closed the door behind them, I broke down in
the tears I hadn't shed in two years.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LaJan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





