BDSM Library - Parking




Parking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A husband and wife's experience another lover and enjoy it.
Parking

My wife and I have been together for ten years, are in our mid-30's and like
many couples our marriage has had its ups and downs. About a year ago we were
making love when my wife (LJ) asked if I had any fantasies about her. I told her
of my desire to see her with another man but that I never thought she would be
interested in doing that. It didn't seem to shock her; it was something she said
she had thought about once or twice and we didn't talk about it again. That same
afternoon, I also asked her of her fantasies and was I surprised to find out one
or two of them! One of the things she told me of was her desire to see us both
dominated by an 'imaginary' lover. She wanted him to do things that she/we had
never done or liked and also have me made to watch or help her be dominated. I
was surprisingly turned on and nervous all at the same time. What an afternoon
it turned out to be!!

We are always thinking of new ways to spice up our sex lives - about two months
ago we decided to go to a local mall and do some shopping. I suggested that LJ
go with her ben-wa balls inside her; she liked the idea, so off we went. After
about an hour of shopping, she was crazy horny, so we returned to our van where
she shoved my hand to her pussy and I masturbated her to an incredible orgasm.
After about 20 minutes she recovered and as we were getting out of our van, we
noticed that there was someone in the car next to us, in the parking deck. He
was smiling and had obviously seen or heard the entire episode. I really didn't
care but LJ was very embarrassed. We hurried back into the mall and continued
our shopping.

When we returned to our van, there was a note on the windshield from our voyeur
stating that if we were ever interested in another partner, he would be willing
to help out. He left his number on the note. We drove home and fucked like
rabbits that night, LJ was horny like I hadn't seen her in years. I didn't
remember what happened to the note that day but last week I found out!

With the kids gone for a weekend, I came home Friday night planning on taking LJ
to dinner, and looking forward to a weekend for two. Instead, I got the surprise
of my life! LJ was sitting on our deck, with a very handsome and well-dressed
man, laughing and having a conversation with him. I couldn't believe my eyes!
She looked gorgeous wearing a short summer dress, sandals and seemed very
relaxed. She stood when I came out on the deck, kissed me and explained who this
man was. I was speechless. I must have looked like a deer in headlights. I was
really surprised to see my wife having refreshments with this total stranger. He
introduced himself and as we shook hands, he reminded me of our first meeting
and how he had come to be in our home.

Our voyeur's name was Michael and he lived in a neighboring county. It seems LJ
had kept the note for all these weeks and finally worked up the nerve to call
him about two weeks ago. LJ sat back down and asked how my day was. I mumbled
something to her and she asked if I was OK. I kind of came to and asked her how
Michael had come to be at our house. She explained again and said that she had
something to tell me and that I should be quiet and listen. She proceeded to
tell me that following our day at the mall, she had thought of Michael's for the
last few weeks and kept being reminded of how he had witnessed her having her
orgasm. She continued telling me that two weeks ago, she came across his note
again and called him and arranged to meet him at a local cafe. It turns out they
met and talked several times before this past Tuesday, when Michael had finally
asked her if they were going to be lovers. I was beside myself! Hearing my wife
talk like this was turning me on like never before. I had never heard her be so
determined and independent before now. I was totally enraptured.

The evening continued with her making a light dinner for us, we all talked and I
couldn't help but think that I was in for more surprises later that evening.  I
was to find out a great many things about LJ this night. After dinner we
continued our conversation in the living room as LJ unfolded her plans for us.
After my confession almost a year ago, she said she was shocked for many months.
After talking with her closest friend about my thoughts, her friend assured her
that many husbands have fantasies like mine and not to be put off by it. As time
went on, LJ actually had fantasized a time or two about it herself. The day
after the incident at the mall, she made her mind up to bring another man into
our bed and see if we both would fulfill our fantasy. She spoke of her previous
meetings with Michael and assured me that nothing had happened between them yet
except for much kissing and foreplay. Michael had wanted to go further but LJ
said no, until he and I had met. LJ said that Michael had agreed to make love
with her knowing that we were very nervous and that she wanted me to watch them.
She had explained our fantasy to him and further stated that I was not to touch
her or speak to her that evening until she indicated so.

I finally began to realize how scared I was. I mentally kicked myself for
confessing to LJ my fantasy of her and another man. I felt weak as we all walked
to our bedroom and they began to embrace and touch each other. LJ broke their
kiss to tell me to sit in the chair near our bed and watch closely. I did as I
was told and was in for the evening of my life. In our candle lit bedroom,
Michael and LJ began to touch, taste, feel and move as only lovers can do. All
fear left me as I watched my beautiful and talented wife share her talents with
this man. After an eternity, they began to slowly undress each other and kiss
and caress each other's bodies. As she worked her way down Michael's chest, she
slowly opened his trousers and began to touch his penis. He continued kissing
and touching her and at last they were both naked as LJ moved to take him inside
her mouth. (At this point, I should note that Michael is African-American) She
moved like I had never seen her before, making love to his dick with her mouth
as if it was her first time. LJ never looked more beautiful than at this moment.
After two children, she still has the figure of 20 year-old.

LJ moved to take the length of him in her mouth, slowly working her way down his
shaft as he gently held her hair and guided her face onto him. After several
minutes, he began to softly encourage her and told her how sweet her mouth felt
and how talented she was. This was no surprise to me as I remembered how gifted
she was at giving blowjobs. All the while Michael was running his hands over
her, exploring, rubbing, and holding her nipples in his large hands. He began to
hold on to LJ's head with both his hands, something she disliked for me to do.
He started stroking in and out of her mouth as she became still and let him use
her mouth for his pleasure. He stroked deeper and deeper and at one point
touched his pubic hair to her nose - he must have been nine or ten inches in
length, LJ had never had anything like this done to her before. I was beginning
to worry if she would suffocate, I couldn't imagine how she was breathing.
Michael moved faster and faster and I could tell he was getting close to
cumming. He let loose in her mouth and her eyes bulged and I saw her frantically
swallowing as he exploded in her. What a sight this was. When he was done, LJ
pushed herself off his cock and gasped for breath; I saw some of his come drool
out of her as she gasped for air. Michael told her what a great blowjob that was
and how skillfully she handled his girth. He said many of his lovers couldn't or
didn't want to go down on him as she had. He moved over to kiss her and hold
her. LJ looked over at me for the first time and spoke: "What did you think of
that dear?" she asked. I told her I was speechless but I was really pleased with
her talents, how much I loved her and of how incredible she looked giving him a
blowjob. "Your fantasy is coming true isn't it dear? Is this what you imagined?"
she asked as she grinned.

Email us @ westga@hotmail.com




Part 2

Just to recap the people involved, this is the second part of our recent
adventures with me, LJ - my wife, and our new partner
Michael......................................

After giving Michael a world-class blowjob, LJ and Michael rested for a while.
Michael kissed her and kept complimenting her skills. What a change from a few
years ago. It wasn't until two years ago that LJ started enjoying giving
blowjobs. Up until then, she would kind of kiss or lick my cock but never take
it all in her mouth, let alone swallow. Now she loved doing this and I wasn't
the only one who thought so! LJ moved across the bed towards me and had a grin
on her face that spoke volumes. She had really enjoyed blowing Michael.

LJ looked at me and asked how I felt. I told her it was wonderful to watch her
enjoying sex this way and if she was happy, so was I. She said she loved me and
moved over to kiss me. She touched her lips to mine and we kissed for a long
time. I tasted what was left of Michael, not unpleasant at all but then this was
something that LJ loved to do after a blowjob - to share her prize. When we
finished, she looked into my eyes and then slowly moved back towards Michael,
who had been quietly watching us. He began to move towards her, took her in his
arms and kissed her long and hard, as he slowly started his way down towards her
breasts. LJ has always been sensitive about her breast size and I could tell she
was nervous about Michael's approach towards them. He held them in his hands,
massaging and caressing them, as he placed his lips around her nipple and
twirled his tongue around it. LJ closed her eyes in bliss as he continued to
play with her.

For what seemed like an hour he worked on her breasts; she gently held his head
and when he finally slowed his movements, he placed his hand on her stomach and
played for a moment with her navel ring and waist chain. LJ loves this and he
must have sensed this. She sighed and moaned softly while he touched her. He
placed a hand on her pussy and began to caress and touch her lips, alternately
massaging her clit and spreading her moisture all around. LJ began slowly
gyrating her hips to meet his movements and leaned forward to take Michael's
head in her hands and kiss him. He increased the tempo of his motions on her and
she really began to get wet; I could see it glistening and flowing out of her in
the candlelight. LJ broke their kiss and in a whispered voice asked Michael to
enter her.  He acted as if he didn't hear her and continued as he had been
doing. She looked a bit puzzled and after waiting a minute or two asked him
again. Michael looked at her and told her softly but firmly to look at me and to
say what he had told her to. She looked at him for a minute and then turned her
head towards me. I was little confused at what had just transpired between them.  

LJ looked deeply at me, back to Michael and then looked me square in the eyes.
"Dear, one of the conditions that I agreed to, was that when this time came, you
would ask Michael to fuck me and offer me to him for his pleasure", she said. I
was a little floored by this. It seemed as if LJ had a submissive streak in her!
This was very interesting - another surprise! I though for a moment and then
spoke up: "Michael, please take LJ,  fuck her hard and fill her  with your
come." To see just how far LJ wanted to go with this, I added, " I will hold her
open so you can take her as she has never been before." LJ opened her eyes a
little wider and then looked at Michael who smiled knowingly at her and then at
me. They turned on the bed, with LJ's head just on the edge, so I could stand on
the floor and hold her legs apart for him. I moved over her, my dick inched from
her face as she lifted her legs so I could hold her by the ankles. What a sight
this was - here was a woman whom I had never known before. In the last three
hours, I witnessed things with her I had only fantasized about, or dismissed, as
things I thought she would never do. Clearly, I was mistaken! I wasn't
complaining at all but marveling at how much I had to learn about this woman.
Michael stroked his already hard cock and moved towards my wife, touching his
bulbous head to her very wet lips and rubbing it along the length of her pussy.
I waited for the reaction on her face, to see it when he entered her for the
first time.

 For the last few years LJ has really liked to introduce new things during our
foreplay and sometimes would surprise me when in public, by returning from the
rest room or a fitting room and handing me her ben-wa balls, dripping wet and
warm from just having been removed from her. It always blew my mind when she
would do this, as I would never have suspected from her behavior or her
movements that she had been walking around or eating a meal with them inside
her. In recent months we purchased a giant black dildo after LJ had seen it and
said she wanted to try it. It was 10 inches long and at least 3 or 4 inches
around, about as big around as her wrist. When it arrived, she gulped and
commented aloud she wondered how much it would stretch her. LJ has always been
very tight, even after the birth of our children; she was back to her
pre-pregnancy tightness in no time. The first time we tried the dildo, I spent
an hour going down on her, playing with her breasts and making her as horny as I
had ever seen her. She was breathing deeply and was soaking wet when she
motioned for me to try putting it in her. I slowly worked the tip of that
monster around her clit and lips before parting her lips and beginning to push
it in her. She groaned a little and sucked in her breath as I worked it around
while continuing to push it in her. It was an incredible sight as I saw my
petite wife with her lips straining and stretched around the edges of that giant
dildo.

I finally got almost all of it in her when she said gasped, "no more!" All but
an inch was in her and I still don't understand how it fit. I'm average sized
and according to LJ, pleasingly larger than her previous lovers. It looked
really sensual stuffed in her and she was in heaven. Her hips were moving as she
reached for me, indicating I should continue going down on her. I sucked her
clit slowly as I began moving the dildo in and out of her pussy. She really
started grinding against my face and moving herself against the dildo, so much
so, that I stopped my movements and just let her move. She actually started
fucking the dildo and had a death grip on my head as she exploded into orgasm.
She screamed at the top of her lungs and I turned to look at her and saw her
face straining, her mouth wide open. It was an amazing evening. LJ came twice
more that way and when it was finally my turn, she started sucking me furiously
- I had to ask her to slow down she was moving so crazy. I had waited to feel
her after seeing her stretched so and it was time I entered her. She was still
sloppy wet as I pushed myself in. It was totally different; I barely felt her
around my cock as she started to push against me. What a feeling! It was so
different being in her after that monster! I loved it and proceeded to fuck her
wildly.  She was so loose that I had to bury myself up to my balls in her just
to find something that was snug for me to rub the head of dick up against. She
saw I was getting closer and whispered for me to fill her, to pump her hard and
come in her pussy. She started talking very slutty and asked how it felt to fuck
her stretched out pussy? How did it feel knowing she came so hard with another
dick in her? She only rarely speaks like that, so I knew she was really turned
on and horny. I didn't wait a minute longer and started slamming against her
puss as I came. I came more and more still. It never seemed to end. LJ was
moving her head back and forth and moaning incoherently. I finally collapsed
next her. After all these years together, she continued to surprise and amaze
me.

When we awoke ah hour or so later, I looked down at her pussy; it was pink and
swollen, still all wet from our fun. LJ moved in the bed and groaned about how
sore she was. "I have never felt that full, so sore but so completely satisfied
in all my life baby", she said. " You were great".  I told her how mind-blowing
it was for me as well and how much I enjoyed seeing her completely filled. In
hindsight, I should have seen all this coming.............











Fast forward ten years from where part two of 'Parking' left off........

Our children are grown, we have a grandchild and our lovemaking had plateaued. LF was finally able to focus on enjoying sex again - all the years with children had been difficult for her to let her hair down and enjoy like she once had.

I have always enjoyed sex with LJ - she has a side of her that doesn't come out often but that is truly wild. In the last few years we had experimented with rope bondage on her breasts and even a bit of nipple torture when she felt like it. LJ's nipples have always been sensitive and recently, she began to explore things we could do to them, that got her off. A favorite of hers were the small suction devices - the ones you place over the nipple and unscrew to create pressure on the nipple. The first time we used them she had a hard orgasm, so we continue to find ways to use them.

While I was away on business, LJ would often send photos of her masturbating and using different sex toys. When I came home on weekends, we sometimes spend an entire day fucking like teenagers. LJ had even started looking online for new positions and techniques - I was flabbergasted at her now boldness and desire to explore sexually. After months of this, I began to wonder how far she might go and so I started offering up subtle ideas to see what she would do. After one really heavy weekend of sex, I asked her if she would consider any new piercings. She already has her navel and multiple ear piercings. She deferred and kind of changed the subject away from that, so I didn't mention it again.

After coming home one Friday night, I arrived home to interrupt LJ masturbating with a new dildo. We've always bought toys together but on this occasion, she had ventured out to our local adult store on her own and surprised me with some new toys. Next came a bigger surprise, I noticed that her nipples were pierced! She was concentrating I could tell, so I just stood in the doorway to our bedroom and watched, getting more aroused as she got closer to coming. She was using a much larger dildo than we had ever had &#8211; and this one was black. She continued on, ignoring me and in a few minutes, her whole body wrenched as she climaxed. When she came down, she noticed me and said, �Hi, welcome home�. I knew this would be a weekend to remember and was I ever right. Come to find out, she had worked up the nerve to have her nipples pierced and although they were still very sore, she could tolerate me gently touching them. 

That weekend marked the beginning of a new phase in our relationship where the mother, grandmother and church going woman I had known for 24 years, became totally sexual. She had become spontaneous and aggressive and had obviously spent time reading and researching things she wanted to try. For the first time on our married lives, she talked openly of new fantasies she had and how she needed sex. I was in no way complaining and went along for the ride &#8211; here was the lover I had always wanted; and then some. Before I left the next Monday, she had close to 8 orgasms over 2 days; that was more than she had, over several months, in the past. She began enjoying giving me blowjobs again &#8211; sometimes saving the come and sharing it with me or taking some and using it to rub on her clit as she got herself off. 

Several months later, I received a text from her one afternoon. I was on the west coast working and she asked how I felt about bondage. I replied asking what she had in mind &#8211; she wanted to know if I was interested in being tied up and letting her be in control. This definitely was arousing, so I said, sure! Over the next several nights, she sent a few links for restraints she found &#8211; I told her to surprise me. Given her imagination and energy over the last 6 months, there was no way I was going to NOT let her lead this adventure. Friday night I returned home to find my beautiful wife dressed the part &#8211; of a dominatrix. She had on a bustier,t high-heeled boots that were above her knees, stockings, heavy makeup and long black gloves on. �Welcome home darling�, she said, �I need you to set your suitcase down, strip and get into bed�. I never got out of my clothes faster than at that moment. Once I lay down, she secured my arms to ropes on each side of the bed, blindfolded me and locked my legs open with what I learned later, was a spreader bar. 

LJ began by kissing me deeply, then ran her tongue over my nipples. She focused on them for quite some time before moving down. I anticipated one of her world-class blowjobs but instead, she avoided my erection and kissed her way down my thighs before kissing me hard again on the lips. �Enjoying this dear�, she asked? �Yes�, I gasped. She ran her fingers along my sides, touching me everywhere but&nbsp; avoiding my throbbing hard-on. Without notice, I felt something rubbing on the head of my dick; LJ was brushing something back and forth but I couldn't tell what it was until she asked me if I liked her nipple rings? �I slipped them in today dear�, she whispered, �Maybe I'll let you see them later�. She got off the bed and I heard her off to the side but couldn't see what she was doing. I felt her get back on the bed as she straddled my chest. Moving up, she lowered her smooth, wet pussy over my mouth and said, �lick me; let me know you want me�. 

I licked, sucked and slurped for a long time before I heard her warming up for an orgasm. I felt her starting to gyrate and begin her orgasm, when she shifted her weight onto my face and grind her pussy into me. She had never been this aggressive and she came hard. She gasped and shouted out as she continued; it felt like she would grind my face off as she continued her climax. After a bit, she lifted up and rolled off me; when she spoke, she just said, �damn�. I lay there with my mask askew and could see her chest rising and falling as she enjoyed her post-orgasm time. I observed her new nipple rings; they were small hoops the diameter of a dime. They appeared to be a bit thicker than the posts she had been initially pierced with. Her beautiful nipples were erect and the rings looked sexy as hell. I waited until she spoke, and when she did, she asked if I was enjoying this? I said I was and she readjusted my blindfold so I couldn't see anymore. She got off the bed and I heard her go into the bathroom. 

When she came back, I was treated to feeling her tongue touch the head of my dick, as she swirled it around but never took more than my head into her mouth. She continued for a while as I oozed precum and got very hard. Next, she began stroking me as she continued using her tongue and lips on me as I got closer and and closer to coming. LJ kept up her stroking but moved closer to my ear and whispered, �How's that feel baby�? �Do you want to come'? �My pussy is so wet and feels so good; you eat pussy very well�, she said. �Want to know a secret�, she asked? �Yes�, I replied as she proceeded to tell me about an incident that occurred while I was away. �I teased the neighbor this week; I sunbathed topless and I think he saw me�, she confided. �Which neighbor�, I asked? �David, the college student�, she replied. David was a tall, black, twenty-something who was home for the summer, and frequently played basketball in his driveway and was outside often, just hanging out. �David came over yesterday and was looking for some work, so I asked him to help around the yard�. �So what did he do when you thought he saw you�, I asked? �He's been outside looking over the fence, most of the week�, LJ said. �I think I shocked him�, she smiled. By now, I wondered where this was going, LJ kept her handjob going and now moved down and took me full in her mouth. I didn't last long &#8211; visions of David and my wife flashed before me as she coaxed me to come in her mouth. I exploded in her and arched my back as I filled her mouth with my come. I heard her sucking and slurping but she didn't miss a drop.

It was one of the most intense orgasms I had ever had. I felt drained afterwards and lay there catching my breath as LJ lifted up and lay down next to me. She cracked the blindfold and asked me if I was okay. I croaked something unintelligible and she just smiled wickedly. �I like this�, �Did you?�, she asked. I nodded but didn't speak. �Good, I want to do this more�, she stated. She leaned over to kiss me, my come still on her lips and tongue, as she darted her tongue in between my lips. 

End of part 3



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jay2


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





