BDSM Library - Dance




Dance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman meets her Master for the first time unexpectedly....
Dance


She looked at herself in the full length mirror in the ladies room....Her auburn
curls swept up gently, babies breath dotting her hair, her eyes looking more
golden than usual due to the  gray shadowing them, her pale skin flawless, lips
ruby red, the gold locket at her throat shining against the slim black
ribbon.....She lifted a slim finger to trace the line of her shoulder, left bare
by the black satin empire waisted dress that showed just a hint of cleavage, her
eyes traveled down the skirt, stopping for a moment at the slit...She moved her
foot slightly, the soft, black leather pumps with ankle strap hugging her small
foot, the tiny padlock at the front gleaming....

With a sigh, she shook herself.....

"Come on girl...time to go back out there." She told herself, dreading it, but
knowing that above all a lady must always keep up appearences....

Stepping back into the brightly lit room from the hall, her nose filled with the
scents of a hundred different smells all at once...putting a hand to her
stomach, she took a deep breath and walked the edge of the crowd on the dance
floor...She had already been here for three hours and danced not one
dance...which she told herself was fine with her, knowing it wasn't.....

As she moved to lean against the wall, her hands behind her, she felt her skin
tighten, goose bumps rising on her arms, her heart thudding hard...She shook the
feeling off and went back to watching the couples...it was then that the double
doors across from her opened...She glanced at the doorway, not being able to
clearly see the people who entered and again got that nervous feeling in her
stomach..

 He stepped through the big double doors into the room filled with laughing and
dancing couples, spotting His prey easily,  smiling to Himself, watching her
move around the room, her auburn curls bouncing as she nodded to this person or
that, her toned body moving under the satin dress, His hands fisting by His
sides, as He imagined closing them around her slim, pale neck as the satin
ribbon was doing, her smile false, her eyes not shining as they should...knowing
she would be completely surprised to have their first meeting take place
here...in front of family...He knew He should have waited...should have
contacted her to let her know to expect Him...but then she was His and He had
felt the overwhelming need to see her without her having a chance to hide
herself behind a mask...He had been telling her...always expect the unexpected
and He was going to see to it that she got exactly that tonight...He followed
her closely, taking in her scent, picking out the jasmine from the rose and lord
only knew what that the other women wore...He watched her mingle with the
others, every once in a while, letting her cool exterior slip...letting the
longing show, the need, the hunger...then just as fast, she would blink those
eyes and hide it again.

He fit right in with the people there...or at least He thought He did....


The music stopped and it was announced that the last dance of the evening was
coming after the next number...Couples began to sway again to the music...She
decided that there was no need now for her to stay...after all....she hadn't
touched the dance floor all night...she surely wasn't now going to now....

She walked to where the reason for the party was seated, smiled her first
genuine smile of the evening, grasped the skirt of her dress in her hand and
knelt beside the old woman's chair...placing her hand on the woman's arm, she
whispered, "Gran....it's time for me to go, Happy Birthday." and with that
accepted a pat on the hand and a, "sleep well dear."

She rose and began to turn to leave when she felt her elbow brushed with a light
touch, her skin began to shake and her breathing to pick up. She laughed inside
at herself and walked to the doors, saying goodnights as she did so, nodding to
some, smiling at others....

Touching her here had been a mistake, He knew that as soon as He brushed the
soft skin just above her elbow, He had felt the electric shock run through His
hand and up his arm, knowing she had felt it also. He stepped back fast to avoid
grabbing her right then and there, breathing deeply then releasing the breath as
she swept past Him and through the doors He had stepped through not that long
ago. He follow behind her, watching the sway of her hips, knowing that under
normal circumstances she would have walked quite a bit faster, but then...she
was wearing very high heels on feet used to work boots.....

She stepped into the cool night air and realized she had forgotten her wrap,
turning fast to go back inside, she nearly collided with a man and found herself
surrounded by His tuxedo jacket...her senses went into over drive as she looked
up into a face she couldn't see clearly...She felt herself begin to blush and
this made her angry for some reason...after a night of standing around, watching
others dance and enjoy...she was in no mood to fight off unwanted advances...but
then...as her gaze found His in the shadows...she also realized that her body
was telling her perhaps this wasn't so unwanted...snapping herself out of
it...she stepped back and took His jacket from her shoulders in one motion,
shivering in the cold, missing the warmth...Holding the jacket out to Him, she
opened her mouth to tell Him thank you but no thank You...she saw that He was no
longer meeting her gaze but had focused on the ground at her feet...she slowly
followed His gaze and saw that the hem of her gown had hooked itself on one of
the tiny padlocks around her ankle.

Pushing the jacket into His hand, she lowered herself, muttering, "You had to
wear them, didn't you?" while freeing the satin, looking for any snags in the
soft material, she stopped cold at His words in a voice that had made her,
laugh, cry, plead, and purr, "You look even better on your knees the I thought
you would, My princess."

With a gasp she stood, swaying from the rush of blood to her head, one shaking
hand flew to her throat the other to her tummy, "Master!! How.......?"

He stood there smiling down at her and moved into the light where she could see
Him...His crisp white shirt lying across His big shoulders, black bow tie
perfect, the sash holding a cutlass against His hip, His crisp black trousers
fitting Him to a T...She felt herself swaying closer to Him, breathing deeply as
He lifted His large hand and traced a light finger down her cheek and whispered,
"They are playing Our song pet...dance with your Master." and held His hand out
for hers...she never hesitated as she placed her trembling hand in His palm, His
fingers curling around hers...

She didn't feel the eyes that turned upon them as He led her to the
floor....didn't hear the whispers behind hands, asking who this man was to dance
with her....she was after all...untouchable....cold as ice...this from the
women.....she didn't see that envious looks of the men cast towards this
newcomer who was dancing with the only redhead in the room....didn't He know she
let no one that close?

She did however see the sly glances from the women, noticing how they watched
HIM, how they shifted to ease the same ache she was feeling...seeing them
respond to the quiet strength that poured from HIM...unconsciously, she
tightened her grip on HIS hand, missing His smile as He turned her in a wide
circle then brought her body close to His...it was then that she heard the
song...telling about how one look makes them melt...how one touch, brings them
to their knees...

She looked up into His eyes at that moment, seeing them change...from a laughing
gray to dark silver, seeing His smile change from playful to dangerous, feeling
the hand at her back rip the satin with one tug, the hand holding hers so gently
just a moment ago, moving to her wrist, bruising it with the force of His
fingers squeezing...she hadn't realized they had stopped moving until He stepped
back from her...then without letting her wrist free, He walked her to the door,
led her to a car, tucked her none to gently into the back-seat, sliding in
beside her, and knocked on the glass partition...the car began to move and she
opened her mouth to ask Him where they were going, snapping it shut with one
look from Him....her heart was beating so fast and hard it was painful, despite
to cold night, she began to feel small beads of sweat forming on her skin...

He moved to the seat across from her and sat looking at her, His gaze intense,
His smile almost animal like, she once again opened her mouth to speak, "Master
where .....?"

She didn't get the words out before she felt His hand strike her hard against
the left side of her face, her head jerked back as her hand flew to her cheek,
feeling the burning, her eyes began to sting from the tears gathering there, she
drew in a sharp breath and looked at Him in shock. Her skin began to heat as she
felt her temper stir... she dropped her hand, sat up straighter in her seat and
opened her mouth again to speak...... This time she got not one sound out before
a wicked back hand caught her right cheek, splitting her lip, causing her to cry
out, her now shaking hand moving once again to her face, one tear dropping from
her lashes...she could feel her lip swelling and the welt rising on both sides
of her face, but before she could utter another sound, she felt the front of the
dress give as He grabbed it and pulled...

Her arms flew to cover her large breasts, and suddenly her wrists were gripped
by one of His hands and pinned above her head to the back of the seat, His face
close to hers, His body pushing her back into the leather seat.

She sees the flash of something shiny a moment before He pulls back from her
slightly, she looks into His eyes, sees them shining with a feral light just as
she feels her skirt give and the feeling of cold steel against her thigh makes
her jump and squeal, her eyes dart to her lap in time to see Him cut the satin
skirt completely down the front, He stabs the seat between her thighs, making
her nearly scream....

He whispers in her ear, brushing her skin with His lips, His facial hair playing
over her heated flesh...."What a beautiful, frightened little bitch I have." His
tongue darts out to lick the droplet of blood from her swollen lip and He feels
her breath catch...knows that HIS hot little cunt is aching for this...after
all...HE has spent a year learning her...getting to know her wants and
fears...what makes her ache to beg...and beg to ache....He smiles to Himself as
He thinks of the things He has planned for His pet....

The screams He can already hear, the tears he can already taste, the welts He
can already she marring her perfect, pale skin...

His cock is throbbing to take her, has been since seeing her in that room,
longing to dance, wanting to be touched, begging someone to see her for what she
is...He can smell HIS cunt dripping, can feel the heat coming from the woman who
is making Him want to take her on that leather seat...to grab her hair and bend
her over, taking the ass and cunt He knows she prepares for Him......He laughs
to Himself, knowing that He nearly sent her into shock with His
appearence....When will she learn to expect the unexpected....by all that is
holy...He can taste her submission.....ahh and what sweetness it was going to
be...

She jumps when she realizes that the car has stopped moving....He plucks the
knife from the seat, and gets out of the car...He stands and sees her hands
reaching for the bodice of the gown...in a voice He knows will freeze her in her
tracks he says, "Did I tell you to fucking move?"

A stammered, "No no Master" is the reply He expects and receives...smiling to
Himself then clearing His face, He reaches in fast and grabs her by the wrist
again, pulling her from the car, her pale thighs flashing, the skirt rising to
show the black lace panties that He had every intention of cutting from her
later, smiling deep inside at hearing the scream from her as she lifted her by
her wrist, spinning her fast, letting her wrist go and grasping a handful of
curls in His fist, bending her over the trunk of the car, leaning into her body,
her face held against the cold metal of the car, His body pressing against her
back, He ground His hips into hers...letting her feel His hard cock, His other
hand slammed the knife down on the trunk in front of her face, causing her to
emit a small cry and begin to squirm....He knows she cannot see His face so he
allows himself to flash the grin that has been aching to escape all evening...He
tightens His grip in her hair, causing some of the pins of fall, curls coming
free...His other hand slips to the back of her neck, pressing lightly, not
enough to cut her air off just enough to let her know He can and will....He
moves off of her slowly, trailing His hand down her now bare back, watching her
shake...knowing it is a combination of the cold metal which is by now making her
breasts ache badly and the fear of not knowing what He will do now that He
finally has her.....

His hand follows the path of her spine to the top of her high, round, ass...He
then slips His hand lower still, trailing His fingers along the crack of her
ass, pressing lightly on the butt plug He knew He would find...He sees and feels
her jump, hears the whimper before she can bite it back...knows He will find HIS
cunt completely soaked by now.....He slips first one then another finger past
her swollen lips into the sheath that He will soon take slow and easy then hard
and fast.....

She cannot believe He is doing this to her....She is aching inside at the pace
He has set...wanting Him to take her here and now...wanting Him to make it last
forever....She cries out again when her hair is nearly ripped from her scalp as
He pulls her off of the car and into a house that she pays no heed to....up a
flight of stairs and into a room...He kicks the door shut and throws her away
from Him...she spins, panting...the tears falling freely now...her breasts
heaving, her entire body trembling...

He took in the site before Him....the dark red curls spilling past her pale
shoulders, the once perfect make up...smeared, the dark pink hand prints on her
cheeks, the slightly swollen lip, her breasts...HIS breasts...heaving with each
breath...nipples standing erect, begging to be sucked, bitten, tortured.. Her
well  muscled legs, trembling behind the skirt... His mouth was already watering
at the thought of laying quite a few lovely red stripes on those legs, breasts
and everything in between...

"Master, please...I...." She began....

He moved far faster and quieter then a man His size should have been able
to....reaching her in less than three steps, once again grabbing her hair in a
viscous grip...He jerked her head back and saw her brace for another
backhand....He smiled into her eyes and lifting the knife high enough for her to
see, held it to her throat, whispering coldly, "One more word before I tell you
and i'll slit your fucking throat, bitch." She swallowed hard, causing the knife
to barely knick her pale skin and His eyes to flare...letting her go...He moved
back to where He had been standing, placed the knife in the sheath behind His
back and said in a clear voice..."Now...kneel before your Master, My priceless
bitch and beg for what you need."

She stood, trembling, not believing what she was hearing......surely He didn't
mean this....making her voice her need? Did He know what He was requesting?

She looked into his eyes and saw that yes...He did know...and He would not
accept anything other than full disclosure from Her....she began to shake
harder....the tears falling faster, soaking her face and dripping onto her
chest, rolling between her breasts....

She felt herself dropping to her knees, slowly her hands moved to clasp each
other behind her back, her breasts being forced to stand out with the action,
her knees spread, her ass on her heels, she lifted her chin, and raising her
teary eyes to His, whispered............




Part 2

"Master, your bitch is begging you to take her for your use."

She could feel her heart pounding so hard and fast that she just knew he could
here it. Her entire body was shaking. She thought to herself "What if He isn't
happy with my begging? What if He laughs at me?" She could not believe the
almost painful ache deep inside, the need to have his take her.

He watched the emotions play themselves out across her face. The fear, the
doubt, the need...He knew he should have mercy on her, put her fears to rest,
but standing over her half nude, trembling body, looking down at her face, the
make-up ruined, her pale cheeks red and welted from the slaps he had given her,
her wine red lips, swollen from the second blow.

He knew there now way he was going to let her off that easily.

Closing the distance between them to stand directly over her. His gray eyes
cold, hiding the heat he felt inside. His hand snaked out wrapping his fist in
the red curls at the back of her head, yanking her head back so cruelly that she
whimpered out loud, her light golden eyes opening wide, both of her small hands
moving fast to grasp his wrist, her knees scrambling on the floor.

"Going somewhere, bitch?" He whispered, leaning down close to her ear. "No, no
Sir" was her shaky reply. Smiling once again, He reached out and tugged the
small gold ring hanging from her hardened, dark pink nipple. Seeing her eyes
darken and close and hearing her moan made his already hardening cock jump
behind the zipper of his trousers and his fist to tighten even more in her hair.
He gave the ring a twist and pull, watching her wince and getting the gasp he
knew would come from her, then releasing her hair and nipple, he stepped back.

In a tone He knew would cause her cunt, HIS cunt to swell with need and make his
little slave very wet for him, his lips curled into a smirk. "Your Master told
you to beg for what you need. Taken?" He laughed a condescending laugh and took
one step closer. "I took you from there to here, my sweet little cunt, maybe I
should take you home?"

His entire body clenched seeing the fear come into her eyes, but he knew he had
to keep going because he needed this as much as she did.


Before she could stop herself, her knees moved her forward, her small shaking
hands, grasping his pant legs. Looking down into her face, he could see she had
gone even paler, if that were possible. The tears pouring from her eyes, causing
more dark streaks of mascara run down her cheeks. She nearly screamed out in
fear. "Oh Master please no!!!!! I beg you!!!!! Don't send me home, I'll do
anything, anything at all, anything you wish!!"

His face split into a huge smile. There it was, her loss of control over her
emotions. He had known from the first glance that he had control of her body.
Not that he didn't intend to enjoy that as well, but it was this, her total
submission to him that he wanted, needed, and craved.

She looked up into his face and realized what she had just said. They had
already discussed the use of pronouns and had agreed that they were not to be
used by her when speaking with him. Biting her swollen lower lip, she began to
tremble, but remained where she was. She inhaled deeply and could actually smell
the scent of herself, could feel her cunt swelling and aching inside, dripping
onto her thighs. She felt the flush crawling up to her cheeks, praying not
notice and at the same time, praying he would.

She heard a faint hiss and low growl. Looking up into his eyes she saw the gray
darkening, his nostrils flaring, a faint flush on his high cheekbones. She knew
then that he had indeed smelled her and could read her face. The blush crawled
to her breasts and as low as her tummy. Her eyes dropped without thought to the
bulged in his pants, which was straining against the material.



"Ahhh" He thought. "I am going to enjoy this more than I thought."

"Onto the bed precious, your Master wants to look at his princess." He had to
bite the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing out loud when she jumped up
and grabbed the tatters of her dress and practically flew into the bed, bouncing
as she landed in the middle of it.

She looked at Him, watched him come closer. Her breathing was more of a pant and
she was shaking so hard she could hardly sit still. She remembered a list he had
her fill out once, of likes, dislikes, and the list he in turn had filled out
and sent to her. The list flashing into her mind, she laid back, smiling and
spread her limbs out from her body.

He knew she hadn't spied the rings on the bed yet, and knew she was trying to
anticipate his thoughts. He made a mental note to punish her later for assuming
what he wanted.

"Comfy, precious?" "Yes, Master" He smiled at her reply, knowing that would
change soon enough, because before tonight was over, this was one woman who
would not only beg for more but would beg for mercy...............He could
almost taste her tears and hear her screams as well as her moans and whimpers of
pleasure.

Stealing his body and mind from these images, he walked around the bed, lifting
each of her hands and buckling the leather restraints around her small wrists.
He could see her hips beginning to move slowly and he knew she had no idea they
were, her attention was so centered on his movements. He lifted each small foot,
buckling the leather around her slim ankles. He took off the heels she was
wearing, and ran a thumbnail up the arch of her foot, laughing lightly at her
gasp and the jerk of her foot. He knew she was extremely ticklish. He then bent
slowly and ran the tip of his tongue along the inside arch, seeing her tiny toes
curl towards his cheek, her leg tensing then relaxing. Smiling to himself, he
waited until she had relaxed and then bite into the arch, just hard enough to
let her know that it could have been much harder.

She gasped and her eyes widened, he saw her leg try to pull her foot away but
also saw the cunt he intended to put to great use become an even brighter pink
and the small clit beginning to peek out from between the moist lips.

The blush of her skin intensified as she began to understand how much he could
see now, her knees trying to pull inward a bit.



He walked around the bed, looking down at her, the dress almost completely off
of her, her hair wild around her face, trailing over the pillow, the dark brown
leather of the cuffs making the skin of her wrists and ankles look even whiter
than before, her tummy and thighs pulled tightly.

Moving his right hand to his back, he pulled the blade free from it's sheath,
brought it around for her to see, watching the flicker of her expressive eyes,
her hips bucking once, her nipples getting even harder.

He touched her big toe with the tip of the blade, pressing lightly, letting her
feel the slight prick then began trailing the blade over the front of her foot,
her shin, her thigh, watching the fine, sheer silk of her stocking part beneath
it. Leaving a light pink line on her, not breaking the skin.

Looking over at her face, he could see her licking her dry lips, watching the
blade, tensed, waiting for the sting of being cut.

"Look at Me, my darling." She raised her eyes at his gentle tone, instantly
relaxing her body.

"I am going to give you a lot of pain, I'll make you cry, beg, and wish for
mercy, BUT....I will never and I mean never hurt you." "Do you understand what I
am saying to you?"

She looked into his eyes and knew what he said was true, lifting her chin,
looking him directly in the eye , for that is one thing he has always told her
he will require, she said in a clear, calm voice, "Yes, Master.....YOUR precious
understands."

He smiled into her eyes, leaned down to her, softly ran his tongue over her
lips, tasting her for the first time then kissed her gently while sliding the
blade of the knife under the remaining material of the dress covering her tummy.
Pushing up from her, he showed her with his face, which had become more menacing
than she had ever dreamed it could be and lifted the hand holding the knife. The
material gave like warm butter.

In a voice that nearly snarled, he growled, "Good, bitch, now it's time to show
your Master how loudly and lovingly you can scream."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Daphne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





