BDSM Library - Plantation Fun House




Plantation Fun House
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Daughter of Plantation Master learns the hard way about her mother, and the ways of pleasure through pain.
   Plantation Fun House

   Copyright 2003, by Chum

   Chapter 1

   I was doing the thing I like liked best during my eighteenth year, riding my
stallion Rusty far from the plantation house where my daddy ruled over our
slaves and family alike with an iron fist. 

   Our property stretched many miles in all directions from the mansion.  Most
of our land was uncultivated, leaving miles of wild and heavily wooded areas. 
Daddy and Momma both forbade me riding in the woods that were inland from the
river and south of the mansion, so this was exactly where I was on that warm
summer morning. Both my parents told me I was a willful, headstrong girl with a
woeful lack of ladylike graces, and I allowed as how they were right as I
grinned happily with the excitement of forbidden adventure. 

   Daddy was gone on one of his frequent 'business' trips, from which he always
returned looking much the worse for wear.  This time he had taken my brother,
Reggie, with him, much to the chagrin of mother and I, but for different
reasons.

   Mother had left that morning on a three day shopping trip to Atlanta, as
usual accompanied by Sissy, a young maid in the mansion, our carriage driver
Rufus, and Moss, the slave who did carpentry and other skilled work for the
household.

   My parents were frequently apart, and home was a cold place when they were
both in residence.  I couldn't understand this as mother retained the ravishing
red haired beauty, at 36, which had made her the belle of Atlanta society when
my father courted and married her.  She had been 16, and he an 'old' bachelor of
28.  Bearing my brother, Reg, and me a year later, had done little to mar her
voluptuous figure, making it hard to understand why their marriage seemed so
cold and their absences from one another so frequent.

   Most likely it was because mother retained a graceful independence of spirit
which daddy couldn't tame, and if there was anything Master Devoe refused to
countenance it was an uppity slave or a woman who didn't know her place.

   I was the singular exception to this rule.  As daddy's pet I could get away
with just about anything, and I did.  I mimicked his treatment of slaves, though
of course I wasn't permitted to whip them, and generally adopted his attitude of
superiority toward anyone considered a social inferior.

   Mother and I grew distant as I tried, like my brother, to walk in daddy's
shadow, living in fear these last few years of waking up one day to find he has
discovered I am a woman.   Maybe the reason he tolerated my boyish ways and
helped me resist every effort of momma to make me into a lady stemmed from his
own wish to keep me on a pedestal, a position no 'woman' could occupy. 

   My hold on this status was getting shaky.  At eighteen my face was best
described as cute, my features soft and round, where momma's were well defined
and angular.  My hair was chestnut and worn just to my shoulders.  I had momma's
green eyes, but my nose was short and turned up at the tip, rather than long and
patrician like hers.  Unlike mother's wide and sensuous mouth, mine was a narrow
bow with a slightly pouting lower lip.

   I also failed to inherit mother's body.  Daddy was broad and solid of body,
possessed of great physical strength.  I took after him.  My figure might best
be described as compact, well defined and yet definitely feminine.  My breasts
were firm and high, and though not nearly as large as mother's, they were big
enough to attract male attention.  They swept out from my chest with no hint of
sag, tilting up at the ends, and were capped by dark brown aureole, which
puckered into pronounced little mounds when stimulated.  My nipples were a
special embarrassment.  They were thicker and longer than some of the slave
nursemaids, making it impossible to keep them from showing through even three
layers of clothing, especially when something happened to make them erect. 

   My waist was not as small as momma's, and my hips and butt were firm and
full, but not voluptuous like hers.  Our legs were different as well.  Hers were
long and tapered from full-sculpted thighs to much thinner but well-defined
calves, ending in delicate ankles and well formed feet.  My legs were short and
almost as muscular as a man's, but were soft of line, tapering to shapely ankles
and small, delicate feet.  She stood five feet seven, I was five feet two.  My
mother was a big-busted version of an ancient Greek sculpture.  I was a sturdy
but pretty serving lass.

   I felt a sense of liberation as I rode.  Daddy's white Caretaker, Buck, would
pay little attention to my absence since I had told him I was riding to catch
mother and would be begging her to let me go on with her to Atlanta.  I could
get lost for three days without raising an alarm at the main house.  My horse
and I cantered into unfamiliar country where no trail lay before us.

   As I rode, I became engrossed in the pleasant sensation in my loins. 
Insisting over momma's protests on riding astride my horse on a man's saddle,
what sex life as I had took place mostly on my horse.  A lapse of attention was
my downfall.  My only thought was to keep Rusty in the jarring canter long
enough for me to feel the wonderful surge of pleasure I knew would soon sweep
upward from the hard little shaft of my clitoris.  Just a few more impacts of
saddle and genitals, just a couple more, and I would cry out my release. 

   Moving at foolish speed for the terrain, neither Rusty or I saw the rabbit
hole beyond the fallen branch.  Next thing I knew I was looking up at Rusty
standing over me, his left foreleg held off the ground.  I was a little sore,
but uninjured.  Far more concerned with my beloved stallion, I moved quickly to
inspect his leg.  It was swelling at the fetlock, but thankfully seemed only
bruised and tender.




   Chapter 2

   I knew there would be no ride back to the main house that day.  I groaned at
the thought of miles of walking in my riding boots, not knowing how well Rusty
could make such a distance hobbling on three legs.  I had not been paying enough
attention to know exactly where I was, so I decided the safest course was to go
west to the river and walk north till we reached familiar territory.

   We set off, moving slow to accommodate Rusty's injury, hoping for a trail to
make the going easier.  In less than half an hour we came upon a faint track. 
Signs of recent passage by horses and a wheeled conveyance were clear on the
otherwise faint trail.  We followed the track and a few minutes later I heard
the faint sound of voices ahead through the dense forest.  The little bit of
concern I had been feeling dissolved into confidence, for I was a girl with a
resolute belief in my superior place in the world, born of my position in
daddy's order of things.

   Fleeting glimpses of some sort of structure grew more frequent as fewer trees
blocked my view.  Soon I could see a large cabin with glass windows, tall log
walls and a steeply peaked roof.  Small outbuildings came into view, and a short
distance from the cabin stood a barn with the door ajar.  Trees grew close about
the cabin.  I strode happily toward this haven of assistance, taking it for
granted that whoever might be there would subject themselves to my wishes.

   Reaching the last line of trees along the side of the cabin, something about
the sounds coming from within halted me in my tracks.  "Whack," I heard the
unmistakable sound of leather striking flesh, followed by a loud masculine
groan.  I was not a stranger to the sound of a whipping; it was common on our
plantation.  As a female, however, I often heard, but was never allowed to
witness the punishment of slaves.  Long as I could remember, the sounds always
held a fascination for me.  The screams and moans excited me and made me damp
between the legs.

   And then I hear another sound that didn't fit, a distinctly feminine cry
mingled with the male sounds of torture.  The female cry was not the teary kind,
but the kind that came faintly from the slave quarters on warm summer nights.

   Overcoming my surprise, but deciding on caution, I stepped softly toward an
open side window just 20 feet away.  I crouched down to keep from being seen
from inside, and when I was just a few feet from the window a voice that would
shatter my comfortable world froze me in place.  "That's more like it girl, whip
his ass hard.  Look at the way his black cock loves the whip.  Keep sucking my
cunt.  I don't want my big black stud coming before I do."  The voice was husky
with passion yet unmistakably that of my mother.




   Chapter 3

   The minutes I stood there seemed like hours as panic coursed through my body. 
When the feeling receded enough to regain control of my muscles, I crept forward
and slowly brought my eyes above the bottom sill of the open window.  Perhaps
fifteen feet away, the four supposedly Atlanta bound people I though I knew so
well were completely naked.  Moss was shackled by his upraised wrists to a stout
overhead beam, his muscular body glistening with sweat and undulating from the
after effects of a recently struck blow.  His man tool stuck out long and thick,
pulsating rhythmically up and down.  Beside him stood light skinned Sissy with a
cat o' nine tails whip in her hand.  Her slender figure glistened with her
exertions.  Breasts smaller than my own rode high on her chest and jiggled with
her movements.  Her high and rounded buttocks seemed erotically outsized for the
shapely tapering legs below.  Her small featured, pixy pretty face showed her
mixed blood ancestry.

   My mother reclined on a low, leather-covered pallet a few feet away.  Propped
up on one elbow to watch the whipping, her melon shaped breasts sagged to the
side of her rib cage, their wide pink aureole and large nipples pouting down. 
Her legs were spread, the left hanging off the side with her foot on the floor. 
Her right knee was drawn up toward her chest with her right foot on the corner
of the pallet.  Her sex was wide open and Rufus knelt on the floor leaning
forward with a large black hand against the inside of each alabaster thigh.  His
held her thighs spread wide as his face moved hungrily against her splayed sex.

   My first impulse was to storm the room, take the whip from Sissy and thrash
the uppity slaves within an inch of their lives.  Nothing I could imagine would
have been more outrageous to the proper and natural order of life than the sight
of three naked black people and a naked white woman in the same room, let alone
engaging in sexual depravity together.  From my upbringing I concluded that
these slaves had gone crazy or rebellious.  The only sane conclusion was that
momma had been overpowered and was being forced to submit to their animal
perversions.

   Though I was usually brave to the point of being called brazen, the scene
before me somehow kept me frozen in place.  I tried to pass off my indecision
with the thought that if I went inside my mother would be more shamed by my
presence than by her captivity.  No matter how I thought about it, however, the
growing wetness between my legs forced me to recognize that I was finding
excitement in my mother's predicament.

   My duty to help momma kept tugging at me, and I began to feel ashamed of the
wicked part of me that wanted to keep watching.  As I hesitated, my illusions
about what was going on weakened more and more as I saw the glazed look of
pleasure on mother's face.  Rufus worked his tongue up and down her genital
slit, and the final blow to my righteous explanation was struck when momma said,
"Girl, tie a tight loop around his balls and bring him over here.  I'm ready to
sit on that big cock and fuck till I can't move, and I don't want him shooting
his jism till I'm good and ready."

   Sissy went to a wall and came back with a long piece of rawhide which had a
loop on one end.  She knelt in front of Moss and passed the loop up his scrotum,
pulling it tight against the top of his sack.  She then unshackled him and
pulled him by the end of the thong.  Mother got up from the pallet and they made
Moss lie on his back, raising his hips with a rolled up blanket under his
tailbone.  Spreading his arms and legs to the corners of the pallet, they tied
him in the shape of an X.

   Mother straddled him and began to squat.  Facing toward his head, she moved
her pussy into position as Sissy held the stiff black pole straight up to her
gaping sex.  Momma took him into her and slid down the shaft with a groan of
pleasure.  Slipping down on her knees astride his hips, she moved up and down in
short strokes, taking the thick meat shaft further up her channel with each dip
of her pelvis. 

   When her vulva rested on his pubic bone she paused, grinding her hips in
circles to move the deeply imbedded tool against the delighted walls of her
cunt.  She looked down at him and said, "I'll hang you upside down and whip your
balls till you faint if you come inside me, boy, understand?"

   "Yes, Ms Lucy," Moss answered, shaking his head to acknowledge, "but how I
keep from squrtin' if you ride me a long time?"

   "Silly slave, that what the strap on you balls is for.  Sissy, pass the end
of that thong over my shoulder and hand it to me."

   As momma took the cord in her hand she said, "Now let me show you how I'll
keep you from coming."  Without another word she yanked on the cord.  Moss
yelled with surprise and pain as the loop on his balls constricted and yanked
his sack upward, slapping his testicles against momma's ass cheeks.   She held
tight for several seconds, keeping Moss's entire body tense and quivering.  When
she finally let up she laughed and said, "Now you be sure and tell me if you
think you're ready to shoot your wad and I'll save you from that bullwhipping."

   Momma went back to sliding up and down on the blood engorged pole, rising up
till I could see the crease below the dark purple head, then down to slap her
buttocks against his spread muscular thighs.  She made small mewing sounds, her
eyes closing for long seconds at a time as she basked in the feel of the vein
covered prick rippling the walls of her clasping channel.  Moss started making
low grunting sounds of his own as he flexed his muscular buttocks, thrusting up
to meet her. 

   Momma's eyes opened, and without changing her pace she tugged the cord down
between her breasts, taking up all the slack and lifting his balls.  Her body
motion made his ball sack move up and down, and at the top of her stroke she was
lifting the loop until she could force it no further.  Moss stiffened and
gasped, his testicles drawn way up the back of his wet cock shaft.

   Seeming to draw arousal from the pained look on Moss's face, mother kept
holding the cord fast, the captive male eggs stretching grotesquely again and
again until mother seemed satisfied that her slave was under control.  Only then
did she slacken the cord.  His straining muscles went slack and his hips stopped
rising to meet her pussy as she carried on, using his male organ for her
solitary gratification.

   She rode him as though astride the back of a cantering horse.  Using the
springing effect created by her big firm buttocks slapping down on his thighs,
she rebounded up several inches, only to pause for an instant until gravity once
again brought her sliding back down the stiff meat pole.  With the rhythm of a
skilled rider, she cantered up and down on his cock till rivers of sweat ran
between her tits.  She began to breath heavily and moan, louder and louder as
her exertions continued.  The flesh of her big tits bounced up and down against
her rib cage till she brought her free hand up and gripped the ends of each tit,
squeezing and twisting the sensitive cones.

   Then her pace quickened and her breath became more rapid.  "Uh, uh, . . .
uhhh, YES," she panted, bucking up and down and rotating her hips to make the
flesh pole churn in her vaginal canal.  Her body seemed to go out of control
like a rabid animal, all rhythm and smooth motion gave way to convulsive jerking
as she shouted her completion, "aaahhieeeeee," repeated again and again, then
with less force as her motion slowed.  She was finally still, slumped above Moss
with her head down and hands braced against his chest.  Her long red hair
cascaded over her shoulders, partially concealing her hanging breasts, their
large nipples still firm and long.

   Momma finally roused herself and lifted off his penis to sit resting on the
side of the pallet.  Moss lay behind her back, his prick slowly shrinking where
it lay on his belly.  Finally, she sat up straight, her breasts lifting as she
turned her head and shoulders toward Moss, saying, "I'll bet my slave boy would
like to squirt his seed?  Well, slave boy, what do you say?"

   The twenty five year old black man hesitantly answered, "If it be pleasing
you, Ms Lucy, I surely would."  A fleeting hint of anger welled in his lust
filled gaze.

   My mother stood up and held out her hand toward where the whip lay.  Sissy
jumped to fetch it, bringing to momma.  Only then did momma speak, "Sissy,
you've been getting mighty uppity around the house lately and I think you
deserve a whipping." 

   Sissy got a frightened look on her face and took a step back, but said, "Yes,
missem."

   "Because I am kind you will be allowed to ride his face and suck his cock
while I whip your ass.  I will stop when you have swallowed his cum down to the
last drop."

   This sounded much better to Sissy and Moss alike.  Rufus stood watching, his
own member near full erection, no doubt wishing he could get involved, but
knowing better than to ask.  Sissy obediently mounted the bound figure, bringing
her pussy down to his mouth.  At the same time, she stretched down his belly and
used both hands to grasp his cock and still captive scrotum.  She loosened and
removed the thong, and then proceeded to take his nearly flaccid prick into her
mouth, a murmur of pleasure coming from her as Moss's lips and tongue went to
work on her labia and pink inner flesh.

   Momma wasted no time with the whip; lashing the helpless girl on her upper
back, then slowly lower every second or third blow.  Sissy whined and squirmed a
bit, her hanging nipples trailing around on Moss's chest, but it was clear in
the way she attacked the dark cock meat that she was turned on and eager for
more.  The girl shuddered every minute or so with a sequence of orgasms.  The
whip on her ass made her pussy thrust against the black man's able tongue.  Moss
and Sissy climaxed together, Moss letting out a loud groan of long delayed
pleasure as his jerking cock discharged a geyser of sticky white cream into her
mouth.  She swallowed frantically, but couldn't keep up with the quantity built
up by long denial.  Streams of sticky cum ran from the corners of her mouth,
dripping down on the man's hairy crotch.

   Rufus was now monster stiff, his prick curving out and up to what looked near
a foot in length.  He had obviously enjoyed the show.  Momma looked at his
raging sword, then made a little gesture of one hand that brought him over to
her.  She grasped his cock just back of the head and pulled him around by it to
face Sissy who still lay atop Moss, relaxing in the afterglow of her orgasm.

   "How would you like some of this?" mother asked.  Sissy smiled and nodded
with vigor. "Then you shall have it my little house slave . . . in the ass."

   Sissy's smile turned to a look of dread. Moss was untied and the two men
followed mother's directions, dragging the reluctant girl to a wooden table. 
They cuffed her ankles near the bottoms of the table legs, spreading her thighs
wide apart.  She was forced down over the edge of the table top and a wide
leather belt was stretched across the small of her back, then lashed tight
around the sides of the table.  Then they took a stout wooden rod about four
feet long with rings at each end, and mother held it while the men pulled
Sissy's arms above her head.  Bending her arms at the elbows, they overlapped
the girl's forearms behind her head, making Sissy's back arch and her tits grind
down into the tabletop.  Momma laid the rod against the girl's forearms and
between the three of them the wooden stick was lashed against her forearms from
elbow to elbow.

   Eye bolts in an overhead beam provided the means of securing two more pieces
of rope to the rings at the ends of the wooden rod.  Sissy was then stretched
into a contorted position when the men each took one of the ropes and worked
together to hoist the helpless girl's upper body.  The strap across her lower
back prevented her from simply standing.  Instead, her back was forced to arch
like a carnival contortionist.  They stopped pulling on the ropes only when her
shoulders were raised so far that her nipples were pointing nearly parallel to
the tabletop.

   The three tormentors stood back to admire their erotic handiwork.  Even I,
peeking in the window twenty feet away, felt a heightened stirring in my loins
at the sight of her contorted beauty.  For Sissy's part, it was obvious from her
mewing and whining that this position was not to her liking. 

   Momma stood beside her and began stroking her stretched titties, lightly
pinching and twisting the nearly black nipples and aureole, finally saying, "You
removed the ball harness without my permission and you failed to drink all of
his sperm.  For each you must suffer. Therefore, I shall whip your pretty little
tits while Rufus takes his pleasure in your backside.  As a sign of my
compassion, he can start in your pussy and move to your ass when his cock is at
full attention."

   Rufus had been slowly stroking himself, waiting for Miss Lucy to let him at
the uppity little house gal.  Mother went beside Sissy's captured hips and
beckoned Rufus, reaching out to grasp the root of his thick shaft.  Rufus' prick
gave a little jerk at the forbidden touch.  Momma pulled him by the dick till
she had the big knob worked up against Sissy's cunt hole.  The girl knew she
would be hurt by the size of his man tool and yet she wanted it badly.  Her body
had other ideas and tightened her vaginal muscles against the coming intrusion.

   Heedless of the girl's suffering, the long frustrated black man grabbed Sissy
by the hips and lunged forward, pulling himself into her by using the iron grip
of his hands for leverage.  "Iiieeee," cried Sissy, as the shaft of hard meat
ripped into her, buried to the hilt in one brutal thrust.

   "Hush girl," momma hissed, "you haven't started hurting yet."  She watched
the cock stroke slowly in and out between Sissy's pussy lips, fascinated at the
way the labia stretched outward as her inner tissues tried to accommodate the
big meat pole.  It looked like his cock was going to turn her young cunt inside
out. 

   Sissy's pain transformed to pleasure, and with each stroke she became more
and more aroused.  Mother noted her passion, and before she could climax momma
took a birch cane, walked to the side of the table, and snapped the whippy rod
across the tops of Sissy's vulnerable tit mounds.  "Thwack," sounded the blow,
followed instantly by a yowl of pain from Sissy.

   My own pussy was streaming wetness into my underclothes at the erotic way the
slave girl was bound, her chest shaking and her breasts swinging back and forth. 
Again the birch struck, this time on the underside of her titties, and again she
cried out.  Her head gyrated around, and then jerked straight back against her
bound forearms with the next strike.  I heard Rufus grunt and say, "Its going in
yo ass now girl.  Her comes daddy."

   His rock hard cock plunged deep into Sissy's tender anal passage, bursting
through her sphincter so brutally the poor girl thought he had torn her anal
entrance apart.  "Yeeeeoooow," she screamed, hardly noticing the birch rod
striking her right nipple until a lighting bolt of agony arched between her
genitals and the tip of her breast.  To the amazement of all, and especially me
watching from the window, the girl went into a convulsive shudder, her whole
body trembling uncontrollably.  I thought they were killing her, but suddenly
her scream gave way to her pleading voice, "Oh Ms Lucy, do it agin', hit my
titties, fuck my ass, oh lordy I be cummin."

   Rufus went at her like a hound screwing a bitch dog in heat, pistoning in and
out with a frenzy as momma gave the girl her wish, cropping her tits with the
birch rod in rapid, vicious strokes.  Sissy went into another world, yelling for
more and thrusting her tits even further out to the rod.  The black man's lust
exploded in Sissy's ass with stream after stream of hot cream filling her
bowels.

   When he pulled his still pulsing cock from her hole, momma stopped hitting
her breasts.  Sissy continued to wreath and moan, her untended body jerking
spasmodically like a mortally wounded deer.  "Oh yessum," she moaned, "this be
worth it Miz Lucy."




   Chapter 4

   Sissy was released and allowed to rest.  Momma replaced her by laying over
the end of the table on her back, beckoning to Moss, who had a raging hard on
once more from watching Sissy getting off from her torture.  "Fuck me slow, boy,
and remember, don't put your cream inside me."

   As Moss slid into her I looked around the room, for the first time able to
tear my attention from the people.  My mouth opened as I realized the big room
had several wicked looking devices that were part furniture and part machine. 
One looked like a small water wheel, another was shaped like and X and looked
bigger than a tall man.  Another was a long, tall sawhorse, and still others
looked like oversized riding saddles.  All of them had chains, straps, shackles
and other more mysterious attachment on them.  The walls were similarly adorned
and also had an assortment of whips and other things I'd never seen before.

   I stood, the crotch of my underwear and breeches damp, and wondered just what
I should do.  It was obvious momma was doing these things of her own free will,
and I realized with a sick feeling in my stomach, that it wasn't the first time. 
I wondered, given the fact that they would be gone for three days, just what
more they would be doing to top the obscene thing I had already witnessed. 
Truth be told, if I could have figured a way to watch without being detected, I
had a mind to see what came next.  I even gave some thought to dropping my
britches and doing myself between the legs.  One thing I knew for sure was that
if momma knew I was here we'd never be able to look each other in the eye again.

   I decided just to leave and started to turn for the trees where Rusty was
tied.  The instant I moved a rough hand clapped over my mouth and a huge arm
grabbed me around the ribs.  My scream was muffled as my attacker dragged me
kicking toward the front of the cabin.  As we rounded the corner I caught sight
of two big, roughly dressed white men bursting through the cabin door with
knives in their hands.  The man holding me stopped and I could hear lots of
yelling and screaming from inside.  Then it grew quiet.  Minutes passed, then a
man's voice called out, "Bring the girl in."




   Chapter 5

   In addition to being scared down to my toes I felt a growing outrage.  I'd
set these ruffians straight in short order.  They obviously didn't know whom
they were messing with.  The hand left my mouth as he forced me roughly through
the door.  My plan to give them what for was derailed the instant I saw my
mother.  She was hanging by her wrists with her bare feet a few inches off the
floor.  Thick leather cuffs on her wrists were linked together by a short chain,
which was in turn attached to a thicker chain running to a pulley bolted to an
overhead crossbeam.  The pain in her wrists and shoulders was plain on her face,
but she was powerless to complain due to a gag in her mouth.  When she saw me
her eyes rolled up and she fainted.

   Sissy, Rufus and Moss stood against three posts spaced a few feet apart.  The
posts supported crossbeams, which ran between the top of the walls.  Their hands
were cuffed together behind the posts.  The three slaves looked from one white
man to another, obviously fearing for their lives.

   The two white men turned their attention to me, looks of concern on their
faces.  They stood near mother's suspended form.  My captor stopped a few feet
away and said, "What do you want to do with the little filly, we weren't told
about her."

   "Shut your mouth," said the bigger of the two in the room, a real bull of a
man.  "Bring her over and we'll tie her to this other post here."  As the strong
arms guided me forward the man asked, "Who are you girl?"

   It took a moment to find my voice, and then I said as forcefully as I could,
"I'm Mandy Devoe and you're trespassing on my daddy's property.  If you don't
let us go this instant he'll have your hides."  The men just laughed.  I was
about to say more, but something in the big man's eyes made me swallow the words
that were on my tongue.

   The slaves were against posts on one side of where momma hung naked.  They
cuffed me to a post on her other side.  The three of them walked to the far end
of the room, conferring with their heads together in hushed tones.  Holding my
breath and straining to hear, I could barely make out little snatches of
conversation: "nothing was said about . . . what if he  . . . treats women . .
.two for the . . . more money."  As they talked their eyes glance my way from
time to time.  They huddled for a good ten minutes before walking back.

   By this time mother had come to.  She was silently watching the men, with
occasional glances at me.  When I tried to engage her eyes she flushed and
looked away.  The obvious leader had so far done all the talking.  One of the
others dragged over a wooden chair and placed it a few feet in front of mother. 
The leader sat down and his two lackeys stood to the sides and slightly behind
his chair. 

   He looked appreciatively at mother, then turned his attention to me for a few
moments, his eyes roaming up and down my body.  I flushed at the appraising way
he looked at me.  Despite his common dress he was a handsome brute.  He stood
over six feet, solidly built with doubtless not an ounce of fat on his muscular
body.  He had shaggy brown hair, a broad forehead, and heavy eyebrows over
striking but cruel blue eyes.  His straight, thin nose flared to generous
nostrils.  He was clean-shaven with a wide, stern, thin-lipped mouth and a
strong jaw.  Dressed in gentlemen's clothes I would have given him a look, even
though menace shone in his eyes.

   He said, "We are going to spend a little time together and we want to make it
as easy on us as possible, so I'm going to give you a few simple rules.  First
let me introduce myself.  I am Jess, this gent on my left is Frank, and on my
right is Seth.  Now then, rule number one, if you don't want to be gagged from
now until we're done with you, do not talk unless we tell you to.  I get mad
easy and you want me mad as little as possible, and what would make me real mad
would be to hear how your father or your brother will put a rope around our
necks.  The only ones doing any threatening around here will be us, understood?" 
I was surprised at how cultured he sounded given his poor clothes.

   I glanced at momma and she nodded her head immediately.  Jess waved a hand
and Frank stepped forward and undid mother's gag.  Jess continued, "Rule number
two is, do as you're told, no whiny questions or back talk, just move your ass
right now.  Rule number three is, don't try to escape.  We got three mighty big
dogs tied out by the barn and believe me, you don't want them tracking you down. 
If we think up some more rules we'll let you know.  Now then, we're ready to
have some fun."

   Frank and Seth grinned like idiots.  Frank was skinny but strong looking.  A
wide expressive mouth marked his long thin face.  His smile was so broad and
happy it made the rest of his face stretch to accommodate it.  Frank didn't look
too bright.  Seth was another matter.  Short and heavy, he had a round head with
thinning hair.  While his ugly facial features were soft, with little eyes, a
bulbous nose, and a small, thick-lipped mouth, he somehow looked like a very
cunning, cruel man, and it was he I was most afraid of.

   "Yeah boss, let's get started.  I want me some them fancy bitches," Frank
said.

   Jess responded, "All in proper time.  First we are going to have some fun
making them beg.  Not that we will stop having fun just because they beg, but
begging will let us know they be eager to follow directions.  Ladies, I might as
well tell you that we are very fond of inflicting pain and having sex, usually
at the same time.  So fond are we of doing these things that we travel far and
wide just to do it.  But enough talk, better to give you a demonstration."

   He stood up and retrieved the same whip Sissy had been using when I first
looked in on them.  Walking to mother's defenseless figure, he ran the tails of
the whip up and down her back from neck to ankles.  Without a word he reared his
arm back and lashed the leather thongs across her back, faint red stripes
instantly appearing on her pale white skin.  She cried out and said, "Oh please
stop, it hurts too much."

   He stopped for a moment to say, "I was going to give you twenty.  Now it's
thirty, and if you keep talking I'll add ten for each time you ask me to stop. 
Before we're through with you I expect to hear you beg for more, but till that's
what you want to talk about, keep your requests to yourself."  "Whack," the
beating resumed.  Slow and methodical, never striking the same place twice in a
row, he worked top and bottom coming close to, but not yet striking her full ass
cheek.  With each blow mother jerked and cried out, tears streaming down the
sides of her face.  Red lines marked her from shoulder to the small of her back,
and from ankles to the tops of her thighs, turning her fair skin into a bright
red weave of tenderness.

   Mother stopped screaming, her vocal sounds turning to little yelps and steady
moans as the tails of the whip landed with a splat against the softer flesh of
her buttocks.  I watched with a renewing trickle from my pussy as her full butt
cheeks flattened under the thongs, then bounced back and quivered.  By the end
of thirty strokes momma was mewing and rubbing her thighs up and down against
one another.  The men grinned and Frank said in a happy voice, "I think she
likes it already, boss."

   Jess stepped in front of mother and said, "I think you do.  Would you like
thirty more on your tits?"

   Momma looked wide-eyed and shook her head no.  He said, "Well you got to stay
busy some way.  How about sucking some cock?"  Again she shook her head no. 
"Then I guess we'll have to keep ourselves occupied by stripping your little
girl and whipping on her for awhile."

   "Noooo," mother wailed.

   "Come on, boys, let's get the little bitch who dresses like man and see if
there is a girl under there."

   Momma pleaded, "No, please, I'll do it."

   "Do what, tell us exactly."  Jess demanded.

   "I'll suck cock.  I'll run my tongue all over it.  I'll drink your cum and
lick your balls.  Please take what you want with me, but leave my little girl
alone."

   Momma's words made my heart go out to her.  Willing to do such disgusting
things for my sake, I felt ashamed for the way I had treated her for so long,
and ashamed for the way I got excited watching Jess whip her ass.

   Frank and Seth set about getting momma down.  Jess turned toward the slaves
and said, "You there, the one with the big cock, what's your name, boy."

   "Rufus, suh, Rufus be my name."

   "Well, Rufus, how would you like your cock sucked?"

   "That be mighty fine, suh."

   Jess walked over and began to release Rufus, talking over his shoulder as he
did so, "Miss Lucy I'd be obliged if you tell all three of these fine black
folks that they are to follow the same rules we gave you.  I want you to tell
them that until we are finished with our time together me and the boys here are
their only masters, and that if we decide to let them stay with you when we
leave, you won't do anything to punish them for obeying us.  Life is hard enough
for these people.  Now give them your word."

   Momma's pale skin had gone pink when she understood it was Rufus she was
supposed to take in her mouth in front of the others and me.  I guess her mind
just got overloaded.  She didn't respond, but just stood passively between Frank
and Seth.

   "No more second chances," shouted Jess, "get her on her knees and tie her
wrists to her ankles.  Then we'll get the young one ready so we can hurt her
right quick if this one gives us any more trouble.

   "Nooo, I'll do it.  Please," mother pleaded.

   "Too late, whore.  Get to it boy's.

   Mother was forced down on her face on the floor.  They bent her left arm
back, folded her left leg and lashed wrist to ankle, then did the same with her
right arm and leg.  A wooden stick about an inch thick and three feet long, with
cords on the ends, was lashed to the bindings on her wrists and ankles, forcing
her feet way apart and making her back arch more sharply.  The two men then
picked her up bodily and carried her to the table Sissy's had recently occupied. 
They lowered her onto the table with her arched belly up.  Adjusting her
position so her head was hanging over the end, they passed a strap across the
calves of her legs to keep her in place, leaving her feet, knees and shoulders
touching the table, with her tits, belly and genitals thrusting up.

   Frank and Seth couldn't resist a few slaps and pinches, but Jess interrupted
their fun by saying, "Plenty of time for that, boys, let momma get comfortable
for a minute so we can get a look at little missy over there."

   My mind was working in little snatches of awareness.  At once I was aware
that the lewd sight of my shapely mother was stirring some sexual yearning in
me.  The sight of her thrusting tits made my nipples tingle, and the way her
pubic mound rose above her wide spread thighs gave me a quivery feeling in my
own loins.  I was aware that Rufus and Moss were both erect as they stared at
mother's helpless nudity.  A part of me was angry with them, but at the same
time I was excited by their arousal.

   With a menacing look Seth approached, put his face near mine, and said, "Your
choice, missy, you can do as you're told and take your clothes off like a good
girl, or we can tie you spread out by your hands and feet and cut off your
clothes with a knife, long as if you don't mind leaving here with no clothes to
wear."

   They uncuffed me and, screwing up all my courage, I said, "Let go of me and
I'll do it myself."  Once committed, I didn't hesitate.  Facing the rest of
them, including mother, whose upside down face was turned toward me, I slowly
unbuttoned my shirt, pulled it out of my breeches and let it hang open.  I wore
no undergarment, giving them glimpses of my firm breasts as I leaned back
against the pole and worked off my riding boots and socks.  Then I dropped my
shirt to the floor, setting my tits free, feeling their eyes fixed on my
nursemaid size nipples.  I quickly shed my breeches, pulling my underwear with
them in hopes no one would notice the large wet stain.




   Chapter 6

   Every trait of my personality urged me to demand our freedom, but something
ancient and irresistible kept the words inside.  It wasn't just fear, nor even
good sense, but something deeper that called to the primitive female inside me. 
Whatever it was, I found myself standing naked with my body erect and my
shoulders back, tingling all over as I offered myself for their inspection.

   For a time it was very quiet, all eyes fixed on me.  When the spell broke I
was taken near mother to stand between two posts about five feet apart.  I
shivered as they drew my arms up and out, chaining them high on each post, then
forced my feet far apart and secured my ankles near the bottom of each post.  I
stood rock still, staring into the distance, not giving Seth and Frank the
satisfaction of a reaction as they squeezed my breasts, pinched my nipples, and
cupped my curly haired sex.  Inside me it was a different story.  Each place
they touched sent a little charge spiraling outward, all my sensitive sex areas
connecting in arousal.

   "Don't get the little statue too heated up," Jess chuckled, "we've got lots
of time for that."

   Standing beside my mother, Jess said, "Now then momma, tell your slaves what
I ordered, and while you're at it, beg big boy here to shove that fine black
cock down your throat.  And by the way, if you don't take all of it, or if you
don't swallow his whole load, we take the whip to little missy."

   Tied down in that grotesque position, her resistance was gone.  She choked
out, "Sissy, Moss, Rufus, you now belong to these men.  I swear no punishment
will come to you for following any command they give you.  You can disobey my
wishes only by refusing to do what they tell you.  Rufus, please will you let me
suck your cock."  Though her resistance was gone and she was bound naked and
exposed in a most humiliating posture, her southern breeding as a lady showed in
the calm and dignified way she made her statement.

   Rufus needed no further encouragement, stepping forward quickly to shove his
throbbing member between mothers's wide spread lips.  He did nothing subtle,
thrusting his man tool until the dark purple head caught in the back of her
throat.  She gagged, trying to get it dislodged far enough to breath.  Several
inches of shaft remained outside her lips when he bottomed out with a grunt. 
Pulling back he thrust again, and again reached an impasse to the sound of more
gurgling and gagging.

   Jess joined his lackey beside the table.  Frank reached over and ran his
finger down mother's open slit, then grasped her outer labia between his fingers
and thumb.  Pinching down hard and digging his unkempt nail into the tender
flesh, he pulled the tender fold out and then up, gratified by the way her
genitals seemed to spasm from the pain.

   Closer to her head Seth stood on one side and Jess on the other.  Jess was
just watching the blowjob, while Seth was using mother's helpless position to
work at hurting her right breast.  He started by kneading the big mound with one
hand, squeezing it like a lump of dough.  He added his other hand and mother
squealed around the prick in her mouth when he took the soft orb in both hands
and pulled, stretching her mound into the shape of a gourd.  He bent his mouth
to the dark pink aureole and nipple, sucking and licking first, then clamping
his teeth against the tender area.  Her body trembled with pain as he chewed on
her nipple like a dog worrying a bone.

   Jess watched Rufus unsuccessful efforts to lodge his pole all the way in her
mouth.  He said, "Listen boy, I want to see her swallow the whole thing.  If you
can't do it there'll be some punishment in it for you as well.  Hold her head so
you get a straight shot into her throat."

   Having his cock in his mistress's mouth was already a severe test for Rufus. 
He had been born into slavery, and the idea of putting his hands on that
forbidden face was too much to contemplate.  Already fevered by her naked
beauty, and from watching her straddle Moss, his brain resolved the dilemma by
sending a message to his groin, triggering a geyser of semen into her throat. 
Still struggling with her gag reflex and distracted by the abuse of her breast,
she was unprepared for this first heavy spurt, setting off a prolonged bout of
choking as Rufus dumped stream after stream in her mouth.  Most of his cum wound
up on mother's face before the slave pulled his softening dick from her lips.

   They took swift measures for the failure of both mother and Rufus to get his
prick all the way in, and mother's second failure to swallow all the jism.  They
started with Rufus, tying him spread eagle between two posts.  The white men
showed no trace of embarrassment in touching his genitals as they tied a thin
rawhide thong around his cock just under the head, then tied the other end
around his neck, keeping the cord so tight that his penis stretched painfully up
his belly even when his head was bent down to his chest.  They put a second loop
around his scrotum, cinched the slipknot tight, and then tied a leather bag to
the other end.  A pile of rocks had been placed nearby and they took a
fist-sized piece and dropped it into the sack.  Rufus gasped, his wind
temporarily lost, then moaned loudly in his deep voice as the numbing shock of
agony in his testicles faded to a sharp, steady ache.

   Sissy was released and brought over with instructions to kneel beside Rufus
and add more rocks when ordered.  Before walking away from Rufus, Jess called
for a riding crop, which Frank delivered.  Jess stepped to the side of the black
man and said, "Here is a taste of what failure brings."  He pulled his arm back
to the side and lashed into the mid point of the stretched backside of Rufus'
penis.  "Uuughh," the tortured black screamed, his hips jerking in a fucking
motion as if he could shake the pain loose.  This only made the rock sack sway
back and forth, pulling his aching balls forward and back between his thighs. 
By the time four more strokes were delivered to the tender skin under his cock
head, Rufus was keening piteously, his body limp.  As Jess walked away he said
over his shoulder, "Add a couple more rocks."




   Chapter 7

   They didn't take mother out of her bondage.  I could only imagine how her
body must have felt.  Instead they again picked her up bodily and brought her in
front of me, this time putting her on her knees.  Frank and Seth had to get down
low as well to do what they wanted.  Straining with the effort they slid her
body against mine, finally getting her mouth wedged under my vulva.  Her legs,
hips and up thrust tits were between my legs.

   "Now, momma, get busy warming your little girl up.  We're going to give her
the punishment you earned."  I would have been mortified by any mouth against my
gaping privates, and when the full realization that it was my own mother
touching me sank in, I nearly fainted with embarrassment.  She must have been
feeling the same as her face just rested against my mound for what seemed like
minutes.  "Whack." My body jerked as if the whip had struck me, not knowing that
Jess had just lashed mother's tits with the cat o' nine tails.  I felt a puff of
warm breath against my pink inner flesh before Jess said, "Get to it, worthless
bitch.  Do you want your daughter to take your punishment without any comfort at
all?  Get to work or I'll get a real whip and slash that hairy cunt of yours
till you beg to fuck her up the ass with your tongue."

   Mother responded with something approaching enthusiasm, brushing her lips
back and forth to get past the light strips of curly hair over my pussy lips,
then kissing and running her tongue along the length of my inner flesh.  I
almost forgot it was her, and almost forgot I was strapped naked in front of a
room full of people anxious to see me tortured.  Damn it felt good when her long
wet tongue flicked over my swelling clitoris, even better than her trips down to
the tight mouth of my vagina.  "Uh, uh, uh," I moaned, my hips taking on a life
of their own.

   After exploring my private place for several minutes she made a prolonged
stop at the mouth of my vagina, running her tongue in and out, stabbing deep
enough to touch my virgin membrane.  If this was what sex was like I wanted it
to last till the sun came up in the morning.  I actually heard myself squeal, so
lost was I in the wonderful tension building in my loins.  The burning pain from
nine leather thongs searing my back suddenly derailed my rapidly approaching
completion.

   "Eeeeuuuhh," I shrieked, jerking in my bonds.  Never had I suffered such pain
and indignity at the hands of strangers.  As the white-hot fire in my back
cooled to a burning sting I shouted, "Stop it, stop it.  Don't hit me again you
son of a bitch, Stop it."  Rage at the insult of this low trash whipping me, the
daughter of Master Devoe, overcame me. 

   Jess walked around in front of me and put his face close to mine.  I met his
stare with defiance.  His jaws clenched in livid rage as he said, "You got
anything else to say before I decide how I'm going to break you down so far
you'll beg to lick my hairy ass and like it when you do?"

   I looked him right in the eye and snarled, "Never."  Part of my mind was
screaming at me that I was way over my head and acting like a spoiled child. 
Another part was calling me a fool for interrupting the glorious wave I had been
riding.  I told that voice it wasn't me who did the interrupting, but there was
still a feeling that if I had kept my mouth shut my pleasure would have come
even with the whip.

   The first thing I had cause to regret was mother being dragged from under me
and casually shoved over on her side with the push of a dirty boot.  Jess turned
and said, "Fellas I just decided we got to go about this thing a little
different than usual.  Frank, get us a bottle.  We got three days to get the job
done, anyway."  I saw Seth give him a sharp look and Jess registered a contrite
expression.  I was so surprised by this crack in his dominance of the other two
that I didn't stop to wonder how he came up with the same number of days we were
expected to be gone.

   Rufus was released from his painful predicament, the cords removed from his
aching cock and balls.  Then Moss was untied, leaving all three of the blacks
free. Jess called them over and talked to them friendly like in low tones.  When
the group broke up mother and I were unbound.  Both of us felt great relief in
different places.  We were given no rest, however, and once more we both went to
the heavy table. 

   This time they forced us down on our backs from opposite ends.  We wound up
with our heads side-by-side, butted up against each other's shoulder.  The
spreader bar that had been used on mother was produced again and the four men,
two black, two white, worked together to my mortal embarrassment by pulling our
legs up and back toward our shoulders till our ankles overlapped, then lashed
our ankles wide apart on the bar.  The last indignity to our already exposed
pussies was tying the ends of the bar to the sides of the table and cinching it
tight to force our legs down beside our breasts.  This elevated our gaping
private parts straight up in the most embarrassing way imaginable.

   Only then did we hear our fate.  Jess said, "These bitches are still too
uppity.  I think they need to feel a little more naked than the rest of us, and
it'll make for more fun with what I've got in mind.  I suppose we could shave
them, but that wouldn't be near the fun or last near as long as plucking."

   Our simultaneous protests were cut off abruptly by Jess, "One more word and
we'll whip them cunts of yours till you beg to be plucked, and I reckon it would
hurt a lot more after a good whipping."

   The white men got out a bottle and some food, sitting down to watch as Rufus
and Moss stood above our upturned asses and set to work.  Sometimes one,
sometimes a little cluster of pubic hair ripped out painfully with each pull. 
Instead of a quick yank like a woman would do, they pulled slowly, making the
surrounding skin stretch until the hair would finally rip free.  Each stinging
needle of pain was as bad as the last, and the ordeal went on and on.  I was
luckier than momma, having far less hair.  The only good thing that happened was
the white men got bored and had them leave a little diamond shaped pelt over
mother's pubic bone.  I had already lost the last of my hair by then and had to
wait with my baby smooth mound sticking up.  I couldn't stop looking down at
myself, and each time I flushed with humiliation.  Even my clitoris was exposed.

   When the slaves finished plucking, the white men came over, reeking of
whiskey.  The three of them gathered around my upraised pussy.  Looking down at
my blushing privates, Seth was the first to speak.  "We seen a lot of pussy,
boss, but did you ever see a clitty like that?  That pluckin musta made her
hot."

   "Let's see," grinned Frank as he reached out and to the little finger of
sensitive flesh.  He grasped it between his thumb and forefinger, and then
rubbed up and down the nub.  A jolt of pleasure coursed through the little shaft
and spread delicious sensations through my sex as I gasped and began to whimper
softly with unwanted arousal.  This was somehow a more shameful submission to
these brutes than breaking down under the whip would be.

   Despite my desperate effort to block my arousal, my body betrayed me
shamefully.  The leering men kept up an obscene dialogue as the little shaft
swelled to resemble a baby's finger, standing out and twitching for more.  Had
it not been for my determined resistance I would have lost myself in the
wonderful sensations.  I was headed there even against my will when Jess told
Frank to stop.




   Chapter 8

   Mother's face was shiny with dried cum and we were both sticky with sweat. 
Jess decided we needed a bath and that was welcome news.  When he gave Sissy
instructions one part came as a shock.  He told her to make sure on pain of a
pussy whipping to flush all three of us out clean in our ass.  He finished by
telling momma to help Sissy get her pussy shaved clean too.

   I thought Sissy took too much on herself by insisting we take two enemas, but
given the peculiar circumstances we didn't argue.  A tepid bath never felt so
good.  I could hear the white men working on their second bottle and joking
profanely, making our time in the bath less pleasant.  We were just getting out
when Seth shouted for us to move our asses.  Mother and I were still so shamed
by it all that what little conversation we had was comical in its formality,
like two old spinsters discussing the weather.

   Somehow, maybe because of my bald mound, I was nearly as embarrassed coming
into the room as I had been the first time.  My breath stopped altogether at the
sight that met us.  While we were in the bath the white men all took off their
clothes and now slumped in their chairs with their legs askew.  Without a trace
of modesty, their genitals lay against a thigh or between hairy legs.  Despite
my own embarrassment I was fascinated by the differences in their male
equipment.  Frank's prick was the smallest, at least when soft.  It was just a
couple inches long and all wrinkled up and brown.  Seth was much bigger,
especially in girth.  Jess's was frightening.  Neither of the other two were as
big as Moss, and lots smaller than Rufus.  Jess's prick was something else
altogether, laying fat and long over his thigh.  It looked to be a good eight
inches long, and while I had only the knowledge gained that day from watching
the slave men get hard and then go soft, my instincts told me it would be too
big to go where nature intended.

   Jess was obviously proud of it judging by the crooked smile on his face as
all three of us women looked at it with open mouths.  He said, "Much as I'd like
to dally with a good sucking for the three of us, you white bitches have shown
me you are way short of being trusted to do a good job.  So the work goes to the
little house gal while you two cunts start learning how to act right.  When
you're begging to tongue fuck our assholes and I think you mean it, we'll hurt
you a little more to be sure."




   Chapter 9

   All eight people in the room were now naked and it gave me an eerie feeling,
like I had taken leave of my senses.  I had come in a few hours from hardly
knowing what a naked man looked like, to being with four of them at the same
time.  My loins were stirring again, and for the first time it really hit me
that I would not get out of that room without being raped and forced into doing
all sorts of things my upbringing told me were disgusting and perverse.  All I
had been taught about sex was that husbands had rights and it was a wife's duty
to submit to his demands when she couldn't gracefully avoid it.  Once again I
felt the anger rise.  It would be a cold day on the Devil's playground when I
begged to stick my tongue up a man's rectum.

   Jess slowly got to his feet, his long cock and pendulous scrotum hanging way
down and swaying as he moved.  Moss and Rufus were clearly under his control,
and I felt relieved that it was he and not Seth.  Jess said, "We'll start with a
limbering up session.  String the bitches up facing each other so they can get
hot watching somebody they love in pain.  Now don't waste your time begging
ladies, cause this is just the start of my plans for your pain and our
entertainment."

   Minutes later mother and I hung eight feet apart, our wrists cuffed a little
more than shoulder width apart by chains to overhead cross beams.  Our feet were
off the ground and lord did my wrists and shoulders hurt.  Mother's melon shaped
breast were pulled up and thrusting out provocatively.  Though her legs were
straight, the naked crease of her swollen nether lips was clearly visible below
her pubic mound.  We looked into each other's eyes for courage.

   Sitting off to our side the white men were again lounging in their chairs. 
Sissy knelt before Seth, her hands on his ball sack and the base of his thick
member.  She had her mouth over him and was licking the head and shaft with
enthusiasm.  Jess sat in the middle looking at us with a lazy smile, his prick
only slightly swollen and again laying across his thigh.  Frank's tool had grown
considerably while he sat leering at us and stroking himself slowly.

   I wished they would get up and get on with it, but they just sat there.  And
then I saw Moss and Rufus at the wall where all the equipment was.  They turned
toward us, each carrying a leather belt with a wooden handle on one end.  Jess
grinned and said, "Ever the considerate gentleman, I'm making them use straps
that won't do any permanent damage, but will still make your important parts
more sensitive for when we get to the really painful games.  I want you boys to
give them twenty on the ass, and don't lose my respect by going easy or you'll
find yourselves in their place.  Now take turns, starting with the foul mouth
little bitch."

   I braced myself inwardly, determined not to give them the satisfaction of a
scream.  The strap landed with a force that jerked my pelvis forward and hurt my
wrists as I swayed.  Pain exploded in a band across my buttocks, both cheeks
lighting up like a brush fire.  I didn't make a sound, but I nearly swallowed my
tongue to keep from doing so.  Determined not to be shamed, mother remained
silent when she was struck.  As Jess suspected, the sight of momma's shapely
body jerking under the strap started another kind of warmth in my female organs. 
"Whack," came the next blow, flattening my firm cheeks and making them jiggle as
the blaze in my ass flared again.  Mother's eyes locked on mine and we held each
other's gaze, hardly noticing the facial contortions each blow caused as the
beating continued.  Some kind of strong new bond formed as we suffered together,
both determined despite the quiet tears we shed, to be strong for the other. 
The growing warmth in my loins told me that this bond between us was partly
sexual, and for the first time I stopped fighting against my arousal.

   Twenty lashes were endured in silence, the crack of the straps on tortured
flesh the only sound in the room.




   Chapter 10

   "Well they be mighty proud bitches indeed.  Let's see how they do with a tit
whipping," Jess said.  I gulped with fear, but felt a perverse satisfaction to
see his cock grown much larger than it was before.  As for Seth, he was just
finishing coming in Sissy's mouth.

   They didn't whip us where we hung, but made a terrifying change.  Before
letting us down, Rufus and Moss were dispatched to fetch the horse.  They
dragged over a heavy wooden sawhorse, but with several differences from the
common type.  For one, the cross board on top was wedge shaped with the narrow
edge up.  The top was about an inch wide and rounded off, but made more menacing
by the V shaped grooves cut crosswise along its length, giving the top the
appearance of large, dull saw blade.  Hanging under the board were dangling
ankle cuffs, and overhead was a three foot bar winched to a cross beam.

   They made us stand astride the middle of the horse back to back.  I was
barely able to clear the bar with my legs forced partly open.  Our hands were
pulled up and cuffed to the bar overhead so that our arms were in contact.  The
bar was winched up, tugging me a safe distance above the saw toothed wedge. 
They bent my left leg and cuffed my ankle to the chain hanging below the wedge,
and my belly knotted with fear, as I comprehended where this was heading.  When
my other ankle was suspended above the floor on the other side I could feel my
cunt pucker in anticipation.

   With a teasingly slow "click . . .click .. .click," the bar inched lower. 
The wedge slid between my thighs and I desperately tried to halt my movement by
clamping my thighs against its smooth surface.  By the movement of momma's legs,
which overlapped against mine, I could tell she was trying to do the same thing. 
And then my tender pussy lips touched the rounded edge.  I gasped, though there
was no pain at first, only a slight pressure as the wedge parted my outer labia. 
The pressure grew, and as the folds of my cunt stretched further the serrated
grooves began to impress their contours on my sensitive inner tissues.  My clit
slipped down into one of the shallow grooves.  I was thankful my little shaft
was not erect or it would be jammed against the sides of the V groove before I
hit bottom.

   "Click . . . click . . .click," I could feel the tension in my arms easing,
but at the same time the building feeling of pressure in my slit became an ever
increasing stab of pain throughout my tender inner folds.  Our stoic refusal to
make a sound under their torture was abandoned as mother and I both began to
vocalize our distress with moans and little whining noises.  With each new click
of the wench our sounds became more strident.  I knew I couldn't take the whole
weight of my body on this ragged wedge and as the pain mounted so did my feeling
of terror.

   I was the first to scream, then cried, "Oh god, this will kill me, please
stop, please. . . Eeeooww."  My panic was contagious, and in moments we were
both begging them to stop.  At the same time we realized that we could pull down
against the bar to take pressure off our cunts.  It was only later that I
realized this ability was one of the deliberate torments of riding the horse,
for once the bar got far enough down no woman has the arm strength to lift her
weight off the wedge for more than a few seconds, if at all.  Another cruel
illusion was that relief could be gained by straightening our legs.  In our
desperate struggle for relief we both tried to avoid the wedge by doing this.  
The result was a forward swing of the ankle chains, which would force our
genitals to slide backward on the wedge if it had not been for us being back to
back.  Even so, when one of us couldn't restrain the unconscious urge to stand
up it would jostle us both painfully against the saw tooth edge.

   I finally had all my weight supported on the wedge by a narrow crease of my
most sensitive flesh, and it hurt with a pain that got steadily worse.  We were
both moaning and crying as Jess said, "Now that they're comfortable, let's get
started with the punishment."

   This time Frank and the evil Seth wielded the whips, and to add to my misery
Seth picked me.  The whips this time were small versions of the cat, but with
the difference that their two foot long tails were frayed at the end.  I didn't
know whether this was good or bad, and I ceased caring when the first blow
struck squarely on the point of my up thrust right tit.  "Yeow," I cried, my
body jerking against mothers.  The small movement made the wedge dig painfully
against my cunt, pinching my tender clit against the sides of the groove it was
captured in.

   As I started to settle once more on the wedge I heard the whip strike
mother's tits.  A moment later her back jolted mine, and we both yelped as our
cunts were jarred against the saw tooth edges.  The grooves were rapidly
beginning to feel more like iron spikes than wood.  It became hard to tell which
was worse, the stinging pain flashing across my tits every few seconds, or the
unrelieved agony growing progressively worse in my inner folds.  As the tails of
the whip continued to send my fleshy mounds bouncing back and forth, the pain
from both places began to fuse into a new feeling.  I realized that the
throbbing pain in my clit and labia was no longer alone.  The pain was giving
birth to something else, something good that wanted attention in any form
available.

   The physical sensation of arousal were still overshadowed by the pain, but I
could not deny that my mind and body were filling with sexual desire.  Without
forming a thought, or intending to give it voice, words I had never spoken came
from my lips, "Fuck, . . fuck, . . cock, . . cunt, . . . fuck."  The words were
slurred and softly spoken, blending with my whimpering cries of pain, and I
realized somewhere deep down something in me was coming awake.




   Chapter 11

   Jess called a halt to the whipping, leaving my pale skin stinging and
inflamed from the tops of my titties to my pubic bone.  The wedge buried in my
slot was excruciating, but I took comfort in assuming we would be released now
that the whips were still.  I turned my head and looked expectantly toward Jess,
but he just sat there, sprawled in his chair with Sissy licking up the back of
his cock.  I felt a strange disappointment realizing that it still wasn't stiff
after watching our torment.

   Several minutes passed after Frank and Seth sat down on either side of Jess. 
To amuse himself, Seth occasionally gave Sissy's thrusting ass a good crack with
his whip.  Finally, Jess said, "It looks like these bitches are enjoying their
ride.  Let's add a little something to keep us from getting bored."

   Again I assumed we would be taken off the wicked horse, but instead Frank and
Seth got up from their rest and fetched a bunch of thin hemp rope.  It was long
and took time to untangle as we suffered on the wedge.  When each man had one
end they came to us.  Frank had to get help from Seth in figuring out how to
make the proper loops and knots, so they both worked on me first.  They created
a sort of double loop slipknot.  Frank slid the loops over my jutting tits,
holding the rope in place against my rib cage while Seth put one hand between my
mounds to hold the slipknot against my chest, and then used the other hand to
pull the rope tight.  This contracted the abrasive rope around the base of both
breasts, bulging the tender orbs into tight round balls, slightly widening and
flattening my nipples.  Seth yanked hard on the rope to cinch the knot tight. 

   Blood throbbed in my trapped mammaries, their surface slowly changing color
while they repeated the process with the other end of the rope on mother.  I
looked down in despair at my abused tits, knowing that worse was to come.  When
they finished with momma she let out a loud grunt when they yanked to set her
knot.  I felt the horse being lifted at mothers end, suddenly dropped back to
the floor with a bang, sending shock waves through the wedge and a stab of pain
through my crotch.  They came to my end and Seth lifted the end long enough for
Frank to pass the rope over the end and back under one of the legs.  This
trapped the rope against the horse in such a way that it ran from between my
tits out and downward to the end of the wedge.  It then stretched past the left
side of the wedge, under that leg, they at right angles across the outside of
the right leg.

   From there the rope was gathered halfway to the chairs and Seth knotted the
ends coming from each of us together.  He offered the rope to Jess who took it
loosely in hand and said, "Listen up bitches, we're going to have a little
contest to break up that touching mother daughter loyalty you have.  In a minute
those ropes are going to start pulling your tits down toward the ends of that
nice riding horse.  Two things will happen.  Your tits will feel like they're
gonna be ripped off, and because the rope angles downward, you will be pulled
down as well, putting more weight on those private parts of yours.  And by the
way, your shoulders might not like it either when your chest tries to follow
your tits. 

   "Now here's the deal, the first one of you who begs us to stop gets to give
the other one twenty five lashes with a birch rod between the legs.  And just so
you don't play any games here is a little complication.  If the one taking the
lashes begs to tongue fuck ass and suck cock the whipping stops and the fucking
and sucking starts.  If the victim doesn't beg, then the one doing the whipping
gets twenty-five from Seth here.  Finally, if I decide the one doing the
whipping is lacking in the proper spirit, you'll both get twenty-five.  If
either of you begs to fuck and suck you will be spared."

   A few moment's passed in silence, then he added, "One last thing; what I call
false begging.  We get real annoyed by sluts who beg to suck our cocks and eat
our assholes when we're hurting them, then change their minds or perform poorly
when its time to get it on.  So don't beg lest you be ready to do it good, cause
if you don't we're gonna take it out on both of you.  Now let me make that clear
by an example.  Let's say you're both in the middle of a blowjob and one guy
getting sucked decides you're doing a poor job.  Well then we take a little
break and do something real nasty to the both of you, understand?"




   Chapter 12

   He didn't wait for an answer.  Instead he got Sissy away from his cock and
said, "Here, girl, take this rope to the side of my chair, wrap it a couple
times around this post back here and start pulling it tight.  Go real slow so we
get a good show.  But don't go too slow.  I want to get the bitches thinking
real hard about the joys of fucking and sucking.  Mind girl, when I tell you
you've got five minutes to finish the job by getting one of them to beg, be sure
you do it or you'll get twenty five on that bare little cunt of yours."

   The poor house slave looked frightened and confused, but she obeyed.  I felt
a cold knot in my stomach, for I was confused as well.  If I gave in I'd be
forced to cane my own mother's genitals, and part of my fear was I might like
it.  The rest of me was simply terrified of being the one getting whipped.  One
thing was sure, Jess was determined that sooner or later we'd both have our
tongues up somebody's asshole, but not before at least one of us took a brutal
whipping.

   The bristly rope began to move on the floor, becoming less slack as Sissy
lashed it around the post.  When the slack was gone I steeled myself against the
suffering to come.  I wondered what mother was thinking.  Was she thinking about
whether she could live with torturing her own daughter?  Was there a secret
place in her that was excited about the idea?

   I didn't want to live with the doubts and recrimination of being the one
doing the whipping, yet if I held out that's exactly what I'd be putting on my
mother's shoulders.  "Keep your mouth shut no matter what," was my last thought
before the twin nooses began to pull.

   For a few seconds I avoided the pull by thrusting my chest forward as far as
my upraised and shackled arms would allow.  Then my chest came to a stop and my
breast flesh kept moving.  At first it was merely uncomfortable, the rough
surface of the hemp digging into my tender skin.  Soon the skin behind the loops
started tingling, and then burning, then in severe pain like a giant hand was
pinching a great expanse of skin.  The bulging orbs in front of the rope
suffered in a different way as the pressure inside the mammary tissue built
higher and higher.  On one side it felt like my skin was about to rip apart, and
on the other like the hard ball of flesh would rupture and gush blood and flesh.

   My aching labia now came to my attention as the downward pull on my tits
increased the pressure against my genitals.  My clitoris, which had been numb,
awoke with a stab of pain as it crushed against the wood.  My head thrashed
about and I began to scream in a steady series of rising and falling tones,
"EEEAAaah . . . EEEAAaah . . .EEEAAaah." 

   I had to open my eyes and look.  Nothing could have prepared me for the sight
of my grotesque tit flesh.  As much from panic as pain I yelled, "Enough, I've
had enough.  Stop.  Please stop."




   Chapter 13

   My pussy throbbed from more than the lingering pain of the riding horse as I
looked at my mother.  She was suspended upside down in front of me between two
posts, her ankles cuffed and pulled by chains which anchored high on each post,
holding her legs up and spread so far apart that the pink inner flesh of her sex
was fully exposed.  Her arms hung loose, her fingers brushing the floor, and her
pendulous breasts rested near her chin.  It was a depraved sight, yet at the
same time it lit a flame in my loins.

   Mother had given me a furtive look of assurance and understanding as they
went about the clumsy task of hanging her upside down.  I still agonized over
the secret excitement coursing through me.  I realized with a stab of shame that
I wanted to do it.  I wanted to whip the cunt that gave me birth.  I wanted to
make her scream.  But could I live with it afterward?

   I stood before her with the birch rod in my hand.  "Get on with it girl,"
Jess ordered.  Still I resisted.

   Mother said, "Go ahead, child. . . Whip momma's cunt, baby.  It's all right."

   Tears were streaming down my cheeks when I threw the rod down and said, "No,
I won't whip my own mother.  Whip me instead."

   I heard Seth laugh and say, "These be two stubborn bitches boss."

   "Well," said Jess finally, "the time has come for us to fish or cut bait. 
We're going to whip two cunts together, and not with no take it easy birch."

   With much struggle and adjusting I was lashed to the same posts with momma. 
It took them a long time to make it so that our cunts were at the same level. 
We were belly to belly, and because most of our height difference was from her
legs being long and mine short, we were close enough to face to face that we
could look each other in the eye.  Because hers sagged more, the tops of my
breasts rested against the underside of hers.  Our faces were just inches apart.

   I was shivering with fear, my body vibrating against hers.  She whispered,
"We'll get through this baby.  It'll be alright."  And then she did something
that made me forget the fear; she put her arms around me and brought her mouth
to mine.  Our breasts pressed together deliciously as she kissed me.  I felt my
genitals spasm with arousal just as the first blow of Jeff's bullwhip snaked out
to kiss the inside of my right thigh and the inside of mother's left thigh,
leaving a streak of fire where it landed.  Our kiss ended as we jerked apart,
both of us competing in the volume of our screams.

   Seth was on the opposite side of us wielding another bullwhip and he
delivered the next blow, this one to the opposite thigh.  They alternated
striking us, both working their blows toward the center of our womanhood as we
kept up a steady stream of protest.  We hugged each other like injured children
clinging to their mothers, seeking comfort against the unendurable.

   A blow finally landed with a new sound, one more like an oar splashing
against the water.  "Splat," was the sound of the whip's tail cutting into moist
labial tissue.  I felt mother's body vibrate against me, rigid as iron.  I'm
sure mine felt the same.  The pain was so intense we couldn't make our throats
utter a sound for long moments, but then our chorus began.  Our screams echoed
like two lonely wolves communing in the night, rising to an ear splitting pitch
before trailing off as our breath was spent.

   We were both in another dimension.  The pain was so acute that our minds
refused to acknowledge the experience of our bodies, taking time away until the
pain could be turned into something acceptable.  For me the third lash striking
my cunt brought the first wave of a new dimension of arousal.  Something deep
within broke loose, bathing my pelvis and sex organs in pain dampening,
transforming elixir.  I began to focus on this new and pleasureful feeling, and
I suddenly realized that the next blow wasn't something terrifying.  It would
bring fiery pain, yes, but this same pain was the spark that was igniting the
new and ecstatic pleasure within.  Like scratching an ever more consuming
internal itch with a garden rake, the pain from the tool intensified the
wonderful relief.

   I was floating in a detached haze of arousal.  Words like fuck, cock and cunt
were again drifting about in the back of my head.  I didn't care about the whip.
What I wanted was for the ball of pleasure vibrating within me to explode in
blissful fulfillment.

   Mother's yell barely registered.  I struggled to awareness to hear, "and suck
cock.  Please let me fuck assholes and suck cock."

   "Sounds good to me," I dreamily thought to myself as I rose toward climax. 
And then it hit me with a surge of indescribable force, flashing from my sex
organs to set off convulsive tremors through my body.  I wanted to scream my
passionate release, but what came out was, "Please, let me tongue fuck ass and
suck cock."




   Chapter 14

   It amazed me when we were taken down that blood didn't run from my abused
gash.  I was sore from mid thigh to the heart of my sex, but the afterglow of my
intense orgasm tempered the pain.  Until then the captivity had been a mixture
of shock, curiosity, fear, and anger.  Now fear and anger were competing with a
lust born of the most overwhelming sexual gratification of my life.  Like a born
glutton given her first bite of candy, I wanted more.

   My whip-induced orgasm changed me in another way.  I knew some primitive
force had been unleashed, called forth by the domination of these men.  I wasn't
choosing to do these perverted things to my body.  No lady would find pleasure
in being naked before strangers, and certainly not in being whipped.  With all
freedom of choice taken away, something in me was actually set free to find
fulfillment, now relieved of the dampening effect of responsibility for my
action or my reactions.  I could absolve myself of blame for the otherwise
shameful arousal and satisfaction I had experienced.  Since I was forced into it
against my will, how could I prevent my body from expressing its own nature?

   To explore this newfound sexuality I had to submit, and I sensed the more
obedient I became to my new masters, the freer I would be to experience my
ecstasy.  I was, without realizing it at the time, becoming a slave to my own
passion.  It didn't occur to me to question how I could change in a few hours
from the demanding little princess of the manor to a groveling slave.

   I stood beside mother, wondering what she was experiencing as I lowered my
head for the first time before the men as a sign of my submission.  Sissy knelt
nearby, while Moss and Rufus stood at their posts with hands cuffed behind them. 
I imagined I saw a look of recognition and sympathy on the black men's faces,
though they still followed their male instincts with pricks grown hard from
watching our beating.

   Jess finally spoke, "Now aside from momma's little session with Rufus, you
two probably have no experience as cock suckers, and the three of us are not
much interested in a blow job by a beginner.  We might get bit."  They all
laughed at that.  "So the way we're gonna do this is momma's gonna suck on Rufus
and baby's gonna do Moss. You both get twenty minutes to get your buck to come. 
If either of you fails we come up with a suitable punishment for both of you."

   Rufus and Moss happily submitted to being secured standing spread eagle
between adjacent posts, one's left arm and leg, and the other's right side,
sharing a post.  I had no idea what I was doing except from what little I had
learned by watching Sissy.  I assumed mother had no first hand experience as
well.  All I had was a newfound urge to please my captors.  An hour before, I
would have refused to touch any penis with my mouth, and would have died before
touching a black one.  Now I was a slave, and in the equality of slavery color
made no difference to me.  If anything, I discovered a feeling of empathy and
kinship with these men.  Having felt superior to them since earliest childhood,
it was a queer sensation to be getting on my knees to perform the most intimate
sexual service for a man my family owned.

   With only a moment's hesitation I took the black penis in my right hand and
cupped his hanging balls in the other.  I slid the pliable skin of his member
back and forth as I'd seen Sissy do, fascinated by the way the foreskin
retracted from the head as my hand moved toward his crotch, then rolled back
over it as my hand came back toward the purple head.  I looked up to his face to
see how he was reacting, strangely anxious for his approval.  He gaped down at
me, desire in his eyes.

   I softly said, "Tell me how to please you."

   Surprise registered on his handsome black features, but finally he said in
low tones, "Ah yes Ms Mandy, that feel good. . . . It feel real good if you
pulls the skin back and puts your tongue on the head.  Ah yes, that's it. . .
Now lick around it. . Oh that feels good runnin the tip of your tongue in the
slit.  Squeeze my balls just a bit, . . that's it, that's better.  Now put your
mouth over it and take it in as far as you can. . . . Ah yes, yes, fuck it with
your mouth.  Squeeze me with you lips and rub your tongue."

   For several minutes we were bonded together in body and spirit.  I was his
servant striving with all my heart to bring him pleasure, jerking my head
forward and back to suck and squeeze in my own aroused desire to satisfy.

   Finally, when I felt his rock hard manhood spasm in rhythmic surges, he
moaned, "Yes oh lordy I's gonna come, I's gonna come."  The first gush of thick
emission caught me by surprise with its hot salty volume.  My sucking was
quickly changed to gulping as his spunk came forth in diminishing pulses.  When
the oozing stopped I took my mouth off and turned toward the white men, giving
them a demur smile with my cum stained lips as if to suggest I was ready for
more.

   I turned back to see what mother was doing.  She held Rufus in her hand, the
other hand at her side.  He stood like a statue, looking straight ahead as
though offended by someone's unwanted attention.  The stiffness of feeling was
mutual.  Even though mother put her lips over the head from time to time it was
mere formality without commitment.   A stab of anxiety hit my stomach, coupled
with sadness for her.  Why couldn't she find what I had found, the freedom to by
the sexual slut buried deep within?

   I knew her time was more than half gone.  Acting on my own arousal I crawled
over to them and knelt behind Rufus.  Running my left hand up the inside of his
right thigh, I firmly grasped his ball sack, wrapping my fingers above his nuts
and tugged down hard enough to make him groan with pleasure.  Knowing that
sooner or later they were going to make me do it anyway, I used my right hand to
increase the spread of his butt cheeks and touched my tongue to the acrid
tasting anal opening.

   Running my tongue around the crinkled entrance, I took time to adjust to the
taste and smell, and then wormed the tip of my tongue inside.  I began
retreating and advancing as I felt his ass cheeks quiver under my hand and heard
him moaning louder and louder.  Finally his hips jerked forward and he climaxed
with a loud groan.  I felt a thrill of power and elation.




   Chapter 15

   I crawled around front to see a pool of his jism on the floor and Jess
standing nearby with a frown on his face.  He said, "Listen up, boy, I've got a
question and I want a straight answer.  Would you have shot your load if the
little cunt hadn't got behind you."

   Rufus looked down at me with the first sign or real affection and answered,
"No suh, I be beholden to Ms Mandy, beholden indeed."

   I wondered if Rufus regretted his testimonial to my contribution when Jess
said, "Well now, that counts as a failure for momma and the rules say both the
bitches get punished."  Even as he said this he had a softer look in his eyes.

   Jess reached down and lifting me to my feet.  I blushed as he put an arm
around my shoulder and turned me around so our backs were to the others.  He
looked down into my eyes with a smile and said, "You are doing well for the
first day missy.  Usually it takes long training to get a slut to get off on
pain alone.  Sorry to tell you that won't spare you much of our fun, but you and
I know you're close to asking for it anyway.  Now your momma isn't quite there
yet, and you can help us and help her at the same time, but that will mean no
more balking at doing things to her that we tell, understand?"

   I really didn't get what he meant, but I nodded yes anyway.  Then he asked,
"Are you virgin little gal?"

   I blushed again and answered, "If you mean have I been with a man, no, but if
you mean am I intact down there, the answer is still no."  He looked puzzled and
I explained, "I ride a horse like you do, and that took it away."  I didn't add
that I knew this because I used my finger in my cunny to give me pleasure.

   With his arm still around my shoulder we turned back and faced the others. 
"Let them black boys down.  I think they be wanting some of this fine ass and
we'll be needin all the able cocks we can rustle up before long."

   I noticed the change in his grammar and wondered which was the real Jess, if
that was even his real name.  As Frank unshackled Rufus and Moss, Jess
continued, "Bring momma bitch over to the wheel thing over there so she can tell
us how it works."

   All eight of us stood by the contraption that looked like a small water
wheel, standing maybe four feet high.  Mother struggled to overcome her
embarrassment, and then said, "You can see that the wheel is held of the floor
by these pillars on each side.  Notice the big gear on this side of the wheel
hub and the little gear it meshes with at the top of this support pillar, the
one with the crank handle.  When the handle moves it turns the little gear,
which in turn makes the big gear on the side of the wheel turn the opposite way. 
Look at these little lever gadgets, these keep the wheel from backing up by
falling against the backside of each gear tooth as it moves past.  To move the
wheel the other way you have to release the locking lever like this."

   She showed us how to move, lock, unlock and back up the wheel, then said,
"You can see the wheel is only four inches wide.  It's enough to support the
body, yet allows for more positioning.  For example, a woman can lay over it
face down and her breasts will fall on either side of the wheel so they are
still accessible."  She changed color when she said this, then continued,
"There's all sorts of ways you can bind a person front or back.  Wrists and
ankles can be chained to the wheel itself in various places, or they can be
shackled to the floor or the ceiling, depending on how you want their bottom or
top positioned.  Some depend on how flexible the person is.  You see these
sockets in the side of the wheel here and here, you put leg-spreading poles in
there.  The poles are in the corner over there and the sockets make them stick
out at an angle so the person's legs can be tied wide apart and you can get to
their privates for just about anything you would want to do.

   "This stand in front of the wheel is for attaching whatever device is to be
used on the persons sex organs.  You can see it has a pump handle.  When the
handle is in the up position the dildo or whatever you are using is down, then
pulling the handle down raises the dildo.  It has about eight inches of travel
to allow you to give your victim a good fucking even when the wheel is stopped."

   Jess looked the wheel over carefully, then casually asked, "Have you been on
it?"

   "Heavens no," momma replied.

   He turned to the blacks and asked the same question.  All three shook their
heads in the affirmative.  He looked at Rufus and asked, "What did she do to
you?"

   Hesitant at first, painful memories seemed to embolden him and he said,
"Well, suh, I been on it more'n one time.  Maybe the worst was bein' on my back
with my balls tied ta the ceilin' yonder, then havin' em stretch whilst she turn
the wheel, pushin' me down on a big pole up my ass.  Them spikes sure did hurt;
almost took my mind off my balls."

   Jess said, "Where's the pole she put up your ass, I'd like to see it."  Rufus
went to the wall cupboard and came back with a thick and slightly curved wooden
shaft with a rounded head.  It was thick as my wrist and starting a couple
inches below the head it had little pyramid shaped spikes in rows around the
shaft, those near the head being about a quarter inch high and near the base
about half an inch.  I was thankful the spike were not sharp on the ends,
otherwise they would surely damage the insides of a pussy or rectum.  Even so,
it wouldn't give anyone a pleasure ride.

   Jess glanced Sissy's way and that's all the little traitor needed, piping up
in a shrill little voice, "When I be on it, she clamp the ends a my titties and
tied em yonder on them posts, so's when the wheel move I move, but my titties be
left behind.  Lordy did it hurt."

   Jess smiled wickedly and said, "Fair's fair.  You three know how this thing
work.  Strap momma bitch on her back so we can see how she gets along with this
dildo up her ass.  And Sissy, go find those clamps and show us what she did to
you."

   Mother seemed about to resist, then changed her mind and allowed them to lay
her over the wheel on her arching back.  A securing strap was put across her
belly.  Her wrists were cuffed to the sides of the wheel.  Then they inserted
the shackling dowels into the wheel and pulled her legs apart and up so she was
placed with legs at an angle to her torso halfway between a sitting and a
standing position, but so wide apart the tendon on her inner thighs looked ready
to snap through the skin.

   Bent back over the wheel mother's head was nearly vertical down the other
side, a few inches below a comfortable height for cock sucking.  I could see
that would change as Rufus and Moss worked on setting up the dildo stand till
the tip of the monster was right below her vulnerable anus.

   Meanwhile, Sissy was happily going about retrieving long pieces of twine and
two clamps.  These had serrated jaws that opened or closed by twisting the end
of a worm gear.  One side was stationary, while the other side of the jaws
traveled along the worm grooves.  Once attached, the pinched flesh would
protrude above the teeth and the worm gear would rest beside the base of the
stretched skin. 

   Sissy bent down to momma's left nipple and lick it all over, flicking it with
the tip of her tongue before taking into her mouth and sucking like a starving
infant.  The thimble shaped nub was long and hard.  I felt my own nipples tingle
as Sissy laid the stationary jaw against the base of the nipple's side.  She
twisted the little tab grip at the end of the worm gear and momma started crying
out two twists before Sissy stopped, leaving the abused knob of hard flesh
mashed and thrusting into a little melon shape.

   More cries accompanied the placement of the second clamp.  Sissy tied off the
clamp cords to wide spread posts beyond mother's head, and I suspected we would
see her tits pulled both up her chest and out toward the sides as the little bit
of slack in the twine disappeared with the movement of her body.

   Jess approached mother's head and said, "Now then momma bitch, we're gonna
move you into a more uncomfortable position before we get to the fun.  Once I
think it's time, you will use your mouth to make each of us come.  After you do
so, we crank you down one notch each time.  You get to make your baby come
first, then Moss, Frank, Rufus, Seth, Sissy and last but not least, me.  To give
you some incentive to do a good job the last one you suck gets five minutes with
your cunt.  They can fuck with any reasonable object, whip it, clamp it, even
suck it they think you deserve a reward for work well done.  So we don't take
too long, we'll also give you a click if it takes you more than ten minutes to
make us come.  As a small consolation, your little girl can have your pussy
after each person's five minutes are up.  Shall we begin?"




   Chapter 16

   Somehow I had failed to notice my change in status.  For the first time I was
not chained, strapped down or hogtied, I was free.  I realized that I had mixed
feelings about this turn of events.

   I was trembling inside as Frank started cranking the handle, the little stop
lever falling with an ominous "clank," each time a gear tooth slipped past. 
Mother's body inched down toward the wicked dildo with each clank.  I was
relieved when grease had been rubbed on the head of it, but still feared for her
sanity as the huge tip of the thing reached her anal bud.  Momma's nerve broke,
but she pleaded in a surprisingly even tone, "Please don't do this.  I will
cooperate in anything you ask.  You don't need to do this. . . . I'm asking you,
please don't."

   A barking laugh came from Seth and he said, "I got to thinkin it be a touch
boring mostly sittin' round while she eats the whole lot of us.  What's say we
git us a couple a ridin' crops and that way two of us can be whipping them big
tits as they stretch out?"

   Calmness gone, mother wailed, "Oh heaven, please nooooo!  I can't take all
this at once."

   Four out of the five men were sporting boners.  Not for the first time I
wondered how Jess could be so different from the other males as he stood with
his prick soft.  Jess agreed to Seth's plan while holding mother's ass cheeks in
position for the studded piece of wood to begin its penetration.  I felt my own
sphincter pucker as I imagined being in her place.  As the tip made contact her
anal ring began sinking into her pelvis, refusing to allow the invader entry.  I
could see the surrounding skin stretch and her gaping vaginal entrance elongate. 
As the blunt pole advanced her pelvis stopped moving for a click or two, then
suddenly the resisting ring of muscle surrendered and the head plunged through,
sinking almost to the first row of spikes.

   Mother yelped and lost her composure altogether, "I beg you, please don't do
it.  I've never had anything in me back there.  It will kill me. . . Please, it
hurts so much."

   The only response was Frank commenting, "Damned if I know what to watch. 
Them tit cords are gettin' tight and her big jugs are pulling."  I looked up to
see, and again imagined myself in her place, suffering from the way the clamps
twisted the nipples till they pointed at the posts they were tethered too.  Her
big tits were also stretching, trying to follow their tortured nipples by
transforming into cones of flesh.  I felt wetness between my legs to match the
fantasies in my head.

   Momma kept pleading and crying.  I tried to ignore her words, not sure
whether I was feeling sympathy or lust, but I did know I was practically holding
my breath waiting for the first row of spikes to seek entry in her rectal
opening.  Her anal ring already looked ready to burst from being overmatched by
the size of the invader.   Even quarter inch spikes looked like they would tear
the impossibly stretched skin.

   "AAAaaaeeeaahh," she bellowed as the spikes forced the tight skin to yield a
dozen grooves through the ring of muscle and into the passage, feeling no doubt
like a dozen nails being scraped along delicate skin.  A pleasant spasm passed
through my sex.

   Mother was in real misery when Jess halted the wheel.  Her crying and wailing
were continuous.  What a sight!  At least six inches of spiked dildo stretched
her anal opening like a pair of lips trying to swallow a fat cucumber.  What
really sent chills up my spine was the way her tits stretched into the shape of
big stuffed sausages, stretched out twice as long as they were wide.

   Jess motioned me to take my place astride mother's face.  I settled my bald
pussy against her mouth, looking down in fascination at her tits.  I need only
lift my forearms and I could have used the underside of her boobs for armrests. 
She went into me with her tongue.  I was so close already, looking at her
contorted orbs and imagining the suffering she was under, it took my about one
minute to wash her face in my cream.  I shuddered and stiffened, my cunt walls
clamping down on her tongue as I cried out with satisfaction.

   Jess gave me a hard look at I got off and moved between the dildo stand and
her right thigh, determined to help mother endure by eating her bare snatch.

   "There is a first time for everything," I thought to myself, eagerly working
on her gaping labia above the rod in her ass.  I wasted no time, running two,
then three and finally four finger into her cunt.  I saw her taunt belly muscles
flutter as I bent down and sucked her protruding clitoris into my mouth, rubbing
my tongue against it. I darted, licked, sucked and even chewed a little, looking
for what would best promote the cause of turning pain into pleasure.

   I could tell by the sudden ooze of liquid onto my probing fingers that she
was getting hot.  Jess had apparently forgotten to crank the wheel when she
finished me, so he did it then.  As the wheel impaled her another half inch,
stretching her tits a fraction at the other end, she screamed in a different
register of sound.  I knew the difference by the sudden surge of cum juice and
the way her vaginal walls contracted against my probing fingers.

   I kept working on her and was proud when she started approaching another
climax.  Before she came again I was interrupted to make way for Moss, who had
just unloaded all over mother's face.  The next "clack" sounded and she cried
out weakly.  Frank was mouth fucking her hard, jamming his prick in so far his
balls slapped against her nose with each stroke. 

   To my relief, Moss chose to fondle her pussy and swollen clit with his hands,
for just then Seth tired of watching and started whipping the undersides of her
breasts with a short riding crop, each blow making the taunt mammaries jerk and
vibrate.  The force of each blow also wrenched her captured nipples, doubling
her agony as her renewed screams registered this new source of suffering.

   I stood back, anxiously watching her reactions and hoping they would not
drive her past the capacity for arousal by the severity of their torture.  I
knew momma was still struggling with the expectations of her social position. 
After all, her husband owned the three black people in the room.  It would turn
her world upside down to admit to herself, much less allow these people to see,
that she could derive fulfillment from being dominated and sexually abused by
her inferiors.

   For this reason I worried about Seth, believing him to be a pure sadist,
intent only on inflicting intense suffering.  What I did intuitively know about
sex, gleaned from this traumatic experience of imprisonment, bondage, torture
and, I expected, rape, was that a man like Seth could be deadly to any hope of
opening mother's eyes to a new and joyful experience.  She did not have enough
of the pure masochist in her, and only a pure masochist could find fulfillment
in an encounter with Seth.




   Chapter 17

   Frank climaxed in a flurry of hip jerking thrusts, pumping his spunk into
mother's throat.  Rufus took his place and got a far more satisfactory
experience with her than the last blowjob she had given him.  I was encouraged. 
She was able to focus on the cock in her mouth despite the rough way Frank
pinched her clit and twisted the outer lips of her pussy, while at the other end
Seth turned the ever tighter skin under her distorted tits into a mass of angry
red crop marks as he continued his sadistic delight in beating the rigid expanse
of flesh.

   "Clack," . . . "Oh, uh, no more . . . please no more," mother moaned as Rufus
added his semen to that of Moss and Frank.  Her face was dripping with the stuff
as Seth finally surrendered his crop to take his place in her mouth.  The anger
I had seen in Rufus' eyes was gone, and I hoped it was because he detected a
change in mother's attitude.  Perhaps my voluntary subjugation earlier had
softened his bitterness.  Whatever the reason, he used his fingers in her vagina
and his tongue on her recently twisted clit, to bring heat back into her loins.  
It came at a good time, for Seth brought the opposite mind set to mouth fucking
mother.  She opened her lips as wide as she could to welcome his.  He moved the
head of his cock between her lips, but at the same time grasped a fistful of red
hair on each side of her head.  Before moving his thick meat pole forward he
prompted the start of a scream by clenching his hands in her hair and wrenching
her head further back, then choked off the scream by jamming the entire length
of his cock deep into her gullet.  I could see her throat bulge to accommodate
the suffocating entry.

   Seth sadistically held himself all the way in, cutting off her air supply
until she began to panic, trying to jerk away in vain.  The evil toad thought
her desperate struggle amusing.  When my own sense of panic rose I started
moving toward him, intent on trying to pull him away.  I had only taken one step
when Jess's voice barked, "Seth, that's enough, there's no money in a dead
woman."

   That finally got through to him.  He seemed to come out of a trance, pulling
his cock out far enough to allow her life saving air.  Seth appeared contrite,
settling into a rhythm of shorter and less brutal strokes.  Jess turned his
attention away for a moment.  Seizing on this like an errant three year old,
Seth's face suddenly contorted with malice and he did it again, jamming till his
balls covered her nose and holding fast by yanking on her hair.

   This time he was crazed.  I screamed as mother's face started turning pale. 
Jess turned back and yelled again, but Seth ignored him.  Jess moved like a
cougar toward the big man.  Seth was so entranced in his sadistic mission that
he couldn't let go of mother's hair even to defend himself as Jess's iron like
fist felled him with a crushing blow to the jaw.

   Everyone but mother and Seth stood in stunned silence, looking down at the
unconscious hulk.  Mother sobbed in great lung fills of air, her color rapidly
returning.  Jess stood looking down at his underling with contempt.  Frank came
beside him and Jess said, "We either got to find a way to keep him from doing
that or find somebody else for the job.  I've had enough of him screwing up my
training schedules."

   Frank said, "Gee, boss, he usually don't get carried away lessen he's hittin'
the bottle pretty good."

   "That's no fucking excuse," replied Jess.  "This time I use something he can
understand.  Maybe giving him a dose of his own medicine will get through to
him."  Turning to the other four of us, Jess said, "I'm calling off the rest of
this punishment session.  Let the woman up and you three women get cleaned up. 
It ain't dark yet, so we got lots of time before we call it a night, but I'm
ready for some rest and I got some thinking to do."




   Chapter 18

   For the first time in my life I experienced wearing a slave collar.  While
the women were bathing again, Jess and Frank let Rufus and Moss clean up out of
a pail of water, then chained them in a far corner of the room.  They also
dragged the unconscious Seth between two posts and cuffed his wrists to chains
from the posts, leaving enough slack so they could leave him laying in a heap on
the floor.

   When we came back they put iron collars around mother's and my neck, then
locked them with lengths of chain to a ring on the wall next to a pallet.  He
left Sissy unshackled and suggested we get some rest, telling us we would need
it.  Our only choice was to squeeze onto the pallet face to face on our sides,
as it was too narrow to accommodate us in any other position.  He and Frank took
Sissy to the opposite end of the room, giving her instruction about preparing a
meal, then he and Frank each took a pallet and laid down.  In minutes mother and
I were the only two awake, again very conscious of being close to each other's
naked body.

   I finally spoke in low tones with a little grin on my face, "I was just out
for a ride, momma."  She gave me one of those looks only mothers can have.

   She said, "I guess you've seen too much to believe me if I said I was here
against my will?"  She looked at me expectantly, as if hoping I would make life
bearable again by going along with that fiction.

   I refused to play that game; my life had changed too much to think of going
back to a 'pretend it never happened' life of furtive, guilty glances.  "Momma,"
I said, reaching out to cup her cheek with my hand as though our family roles
were reversed, "you are a healthy woman with needs that you have a right to
satisfy."  Tears formed in her eyes.

   She said, "Oh baby, you don't know what it's like to feel the needs I do, and
to have the one who is supposed to satisfy them treat you like your father
treats me.  I get so frustrated and mad I could kill him as he sleeps.  Since
our wedding night it has been the same.  He never comes to my bed unless he's
been drinking, and when he comes there is no tenderness, not even brutality.  He
gets on me without a word or touch, shoves himself in and does his business like
it was a distasteful chore.  I used to get aroused, but after never being
satisfied, I just gave up. 

   I said, "Even though I've never been with a man I know if we get out of this
there won't be any going back to the innocent life; it ended today.  Momma, I
just can't tell you in words how much I've changed inside."  She was looking at
me with wide eyes, but I continued, "The only way I can describe it is something
woke up in me today, and what's more, I could tell that you have the same thing
inside you."

   Her face clouded over with a quizzical look and she said, "You mean like
wanting to just let go, to sort of surrender and let your body find its own
pleasure regardless of what's being done to you?"

   "I guess it's kinda like that, momma.  I've got to tell you everything.  For
as long as I can remember the sound of a slave whipping has made me wet down
there.  Sometimes I rubbed myself till I would have that real good feeling come
over me.  But all the time I was feeling good the world was telling me to stop
it, to stop feeling good.  Well, today, I found out that it could go way beyond
just a good feeling; it can be so incredible you never want it to end.  Those
bullwhips beat me so far down inside myself they woke up a part of me that
doesn't give a damn how the world thinks I should be.  Let me tell you what it
felt like.  At first the pain was just totally unbearable, but since I knew they
wouldn't stop beating me, it forced me to start moving deep inside."

   "Somewhere along that inner me turned the feel of the whip into more of an
itching, stinging and burning sensation, way different from the agony I felt at
first.  Finally, when that inside me took over completely, the whip felt a
hundred times more arousing to my sex than my rubbing fingers ever did.  The
orgasm I had was about a hundred times better too.  If you let yourself get to
the same place I did, the pleasure the whip brings is so much stronger than the
pain, I think I would hardly have noticed if they were taking off my skin."

   Just inches away mother's face flushed, but I continued, "It's OK momma, it's
good, and I know if you'd really let go it could be oh so much better.  Just
surrender to them, surrender to your body, and you'll wake up in a whole new
world where pain brings pleasure like I never dreamed could fit into my body.

   "Just try it, mother.  Stop holding on for dear life to what others say you
should be.  Tell me you're willing to let go and just let it happen, to let
yourself experience all the pleasure your body wants . . .. My don't I sound
like some kind of professor of sex, and I'm only eighteen years old."  I smiled
at my own presumption and she smiled back

   Then mother's expression turned serious.  She reached up with her free hand
and cupped my breast.  Her hand gently squeezed my sore flesh and she whispered,
"What do you say, professor, is this letting go?"

   I smiled and covered her hand with my own, holding hers against my breast as
I replied, "It's a nice beginning."




   Chapter 19

   Seth was so annoying with his raging threats that they gagged him.  He still
made loud noises and jerked around against the straps and chains that bound him
over the saddle, exposing his hairy muscular ass to the whip.  The rest of us
watched, and I'm sure for mother it was with some satisfaction, as Jess lashed
his thighs and ass with the bullwhip, letting the tip strike his exposed
scrotum, making his ball sack swing between his wide spread thighs.

   .  They argued right in front of us after Seth was released from the saddle. 
He showed contempt for the beating he had just taken, saying to Jess, "Like
always you don't have the guts to do it right, and that's why you don't get many
of these cunts fully trained.  They wind up useless to anybody."

   Jess stifled his reply, but finally couldn't resist shooting back, "Maybe
useless for a maniac like you who would kill every woman he can get his hands
on, but the job isn't to kill them, it's to break them and train them."  They
went back and forth with insults and name calling till Jess finally said he'd
given up, telling Seth to get dressed, get his horse and clear out.  Jess
muttered threats about getting even, and then was gone.

   Mother and I just looked at each other with our jaws open.  Jess actually
looked flustered.  He regrouped and turned on us, saying, "I couldn't bring
myself to admit it to that bastard, but he was right.  I've been way too easy on
you two cunts.  That's coming to an end right now.   Come over here for
inspection before I resume your training."

   I led the way by walking to him and assuming a pose where my legs were spread
and my hands clasped behind my head, elbows back.  Mother stood beside me and
copied my position.  I noticed this elevated her big tits attractively, making
my smaller mounds suffer by comparison.  Jess stepped up between us and reached
down to clasp our genitals, mine with his left hand and mother's in his right.

   He slowly squeezed my swollen and sore sex; the outer and inner lips
distended at least twice their normal size from the kiss of the whip.  His
fingers digging into the tender flesh made us both gasp with pain as he looked
from one downcast face to the other and asked, "How does this feel, sluts?"

   I responded first, "It hurts, Sir, but it belongs to you, and if it would
give you pleasure, please hurt me more."  I could hear mother's sharp intake of
breath, but she waited till I finished and said, "If it pleases you, make it
hurt worse."

   "I detect a lack of sincerity in momma cunt's voice, don't you Frank?"

   Frank answered, "She didn't even call you Sir or nothing."

   Moss and Rufus were back at their posts, hands cuffed behind.  Sissy was
loose and trying not to be noticed after the nearly violent confrontation
between Seth and Jess.  Jess acted like he had been made to look weak in our
eyes and was intent on getting that image out of our minds.  So far he was doing
a pretty good job.

   Jess let go of us and said, "We can push your pain limits in good time, but
to be good sluts you have to learn to service a man, and so far I haven't seen
much skill.  Since I haven't tested you personally, to make a proper judgment I
guess I'll have to test you myself.  I'll just lay down right here and the two
of you are going to show me how much imagination you have.  To make it
interesting, the little black girl is going to take on Frank.  The last to make
their man come gets a cock up the ass and twenty five with the cat on their
tits."

   Frank got down on a nearby pallet as mother and I went down on our knees
beside Jess.  As usual his prick was long and thick, but limp as could be.  The
ever-ready Frank got stiff while Jess talked about it.  I figured the contest
was rigged, even with two of us, but the new me didn't care.

   Mother went for his cock; so I nuzzled down to get my tongue and hands on his
balls.  Licking and massaging, I saw a slow swelling in the root of his member
right in front of my eyes.  For a moment mother's mouth was working his cock
head, and keeping my fingers working his balls, I ran my tongue up the side and
back of his shaft until my mouth touched mothers.  Coming back down his
responding pole I got my lips around its side, then rapidly rotated my head back
and forth as I moved slowly up and down.

   Thinking it might turn him on, I rose up to put my mouth up where mother was
working.  Now two mouths and tongues fought for the same bulbous cock head as I
grabbed his shaft further down and jacked him off with firm, rapid strokes. 
Mother and I started taking turns going down on the bulging head, each trying to
take more cock than the other.

   I finally screwed up the nerve to go after his asshole.  I nudged mother to
help me.  We each took a leg and pulled him up and apart, using our shoulders to
keep him spread so I could get down to his upraised bunghole.  I guess it was my
changed attitude, but this time a little quiver ran through me, and my already
aroused pussy contracted as I ran my tongue around his anal ring.  His ball sack
tightened when I pressed my eager tongue to the center of his tight entrance. 
It wouldn't yield, so I took both hands and used my finger on either side to
stretch the skin around his rectum, loosening the sphincter just enough to dart
the tip of my tongue inside the acrid passage.

   The taste and smell fed my feeling of submission, making the experience one
of arousal, rather than repugnance.  Heat filled my sex organs as my tongue
fucked his asshole, making him squirm with pleasure as mother noisily slurped up
and down his meat pole.

   I felt no regret when I heard Frank bellow his completion.  I just wanted to
make him spew his cum.  Mother was really getting into it as well, and I got
doubly excited when she came down and nudged me out of the way to replace my
tongue in his hole.  I responded by going up and burying his rock hard dick so
far down my throat that I cut off my own air.  Sweat was pouring between my
swaying tits as I worked him in and out of my mouth, masturbating the lower few
inches of what had grown to be a foot long trunk of rigid flesh. 

   With one hand working his balls and the other low on his prick, I felt the
first spasm radiate from the very root of his manhood.  One spasm became many,
each radiating further up the shaft until I felt his meat pulse in my mouth, and
then erupt in a geyser of hot, salty cream splashing the back of my throat. 
Again and again it squirted, each emission weaker than the last.

   Mother's mouth and tongue joined mine in licking him clean, our devotion
continuing till Jess grunted and pushed us away, saying, "You lose, cunts, get
ready to have you asses filled."  His words sent a small orgasm through my
pelvis.  This would be my first time in the ass, and I wondered when my virgin
cunt would get its turn.




   Chapter 21

   The same splat pulled me back from a warm and soothing haze. It was the same
sound of leather meeting flesh that had gone before I passed into another place,
and it wasn't until I opened my eyes that I realized someone else was being hit.
My tits were jumping under the lash the last I remembered, yet now I saw
mother's big jugs squash, then rebound and wobble around as the two sweating
white men, their pricks bobbing and swaying, were trying to conquer her passion
as they had tried in vain with me.

   I shivered with renewed lust, knowing by the sounds from her mouth, the look
on her face, and the motions of her body, that she had found the same surrender
I had undergone.

   She was in the throes of orgasm from the moment I came to until Rufus pulled
his dick out after coming in her ass.  The two frustrated, but highly aroused
white men threw their whips down on the table.

   Looking at their stiff pricks I went back to ready and eager.  I was still
half groggy, but managed to say, "Punish me as severely as I deserve for making
this request, but I need your cock in me.  Please fuck my unworthy cunt."

   Jess had other ideas, probably born of hurt pride from his inability to stop
either one of us from having our glorious orgasms.  He said in a voice half mad,
half sulky, "You will most certainly be punished for such a request, but all in
good time."

   What they did instead was to leave us bent over the table with our backs
arched.  They produced two sets of nipple clamps like the ones used on mother
hours before.  Thank heavens I was still half way into the magic zone as my
nipples were so tender and swollen from whipping that the first touch of the
serrated jaws hurt something awful.  As the worm gear tightened the jaws I cried
out woefully, the squeezing of my half a thumb size nipples feeling like
something gouging an infected blister.

   Just the weight of the two clamps making my long nipples pull down was
excruciating, but they weren't finished.  The last bit of evil they inflicted
was to run twine between mother's clamps and mine, putting enough tension on the
twine to pull our nipples back to horizontal.  The stress was enough to slightly
distort the shape of our breasts, especially mother's which were larger and more
pliant.

   My nipples were going numb and the feeling more tolerable as they left us
alone.  They were gone only long enough to take a pull on their jug and fetch
Sissy.  The three of them came back to the table.  Half slithering and half
being pushed, Sissy wound up laying on her back across the table between mother
and me, her head over one side and her ass resting on the edge of the other
side.

   Jess lifted her legs up, holding her by the ankles and spreading her till her
pink inner folds opened invitingly.  He moved his big cock head to her vaginal
threshold and thrust hard, jamming the first few inches of his thick pole into
her tight cunny.  Her response was muffled by Frank's cock head buried in her
throat.  Jess started a leisurely rhythm, gaining depth steadily.  When Sissy
turned into a moaning and very willing partner, Jess put her legs around his
torso, setting his hands free to do what he had in mind all along.  He was
determined to show us who was boss.

   Jess looked across to Frank.  They both grinned as Jess said, "What we need
to get a good ride from this horse is to have us some reins to hang on to." 

   I felt my eyes go wide as saucers as his meaning became clear.  Each of them
reached out to take hold of the twine on his side, and at first they just teased
us by moving it just enough for us to feel a tug on the clamps.  It looked like
they were getting the feel of it.

   Then Jess said, "I think we should have a little race.  The first one to come
wins.  The loser gives these pain lovers an hour to get even."  Frank nodded
that he was game and Jess shouted, "We're off!"

   I don't know how long it lasted.  I do know mother and I chorused our screams
so long and loud that I could only whisper for some time after.  At Jess's shout
they both started fucking their respective end of Sissy like hound dogs going
after a bitch in heat.  What they also did was use the taunt twine like horsemen
working their animals into a gallop.  From each side the twine was yanked
outward, then came back inward past the original point, and then repeated the
movements again and again.

   I couldn't take my eyes of the mauling they caused.  Each pull outward
stretched our tits into a long cone of agony that wound up pointing at the
'rider' on that side, and each time I was sure the nipple would rip off, letting
blood gush from the hole it would leave.  The two bastards acted like kids at
play as they timed their fucking and twine pulling so both were pulling our tits
to the side at the same time.

   When Frank pulled out of Sissy's mouth and jacked his sperm onto her face and
tits, both men laughed and blessedly let go of the twine, leaving mother and I
whimpering and shaking.  When I started coming out of the near hysterical state
their violence had induced, I blushed with nameless embarrassment.

   What they did to us, making us scream and jerk in near hysterical pain, with
no opportunity to adjust to our torment, stripped me of the sense of control I
thought I had achieved.  My assumption that I had become the master of pain, and
thereby the master of the situation I was in, was shaken badly by this
humiliating 'game.

    Jess called it a night, chaining mother and me once more on our narrow
pallet.  Before drifting into exhausted sleep she looked at me as if she'd read
my mind.  Giving me a wry smile and a little pat of encouragement, she said, "I
guess your theory needs some work, professor."




   Chapter 22

   To my surprise, we were allowed to sleep late into the next morning.  Jess
told us he had special plans for us later in the day.  I looked around, noticing
that Frank and the slaves were gone, but knew better than to ask Jess about it. 
I felt a renewed twinge of embarrassment at our nudity with Frank back in his
clothes. 

   I was just grateful that we were allowed to prepare food, then told to bathe
and clean out our back passages, then allowed to rest again.  Remarkably,
neither mother or I showed much trace of the beatings and abuse we had taken.

   Early in the afternoon Frank reappeared, but without the slaves.  They
huddled together in quiet conversation, then Jess approached us and said, "We
are going to have a long session, just the four of us.  Don't worry, your slaves
are tucked away nice and safe, no harm will come to them, at least not by us.

   "What we're going to do is a little advanced training.  Nothing too
different, just that for the next little while you will take your punishment
without being able to see it coming."

   They led us to the water wheel, only now it was fitted out a little
different.  Mother was taken to one end and me to the other.  I saw that large
dildos curved up from stands bolted to the floor on both sides of the wheel. 
They let me stand and watch as they backed mother up to one side, shackling her
ankles wide apart.  They forced her back over the curving wheel and pulled her
arms down on either side, cuffing her wrists down and pulled back, manacled with
foot long chains, which attached to the hub of the wheel on each side.  This
left her with considerable movement, but then they started rotating the wheel
until she gasped as the dildo on her side forced its way into her rectum.

   When she was impaled on the shaft they turned to me.  I didn't resist as they
positioned me with my back to the wheel and picked me up with one hand on my
back and the other under each of my thighs.  I actually put my arms around each
of their necks to help.

   I moaned as they lowered me down onto the thick dildo, grateful they had put
some grease on it beforehand.  I heard the wheel lock click off, and then they
were laying me back against the wheel with my back arched till I felt my head
being forced a little to the side as my head lay down beside my mother's.  With
my weigh supported partly by the wheel against my back and partly by the thick
shaft in my ass, they moved down to pull my legs apart and shackle my ankles to
chains widespread on the floor.  My wrists were also chained to the hub on
either side.

   When they were finished, mother's head was beside mine, our hair on each
other's shoulder.  Neither of us had enough slack in our shackles to rise
completely off the shafts up our rectums.  I heard them release the wheel lock,
and a moment later the wheel turned and another inch or so of the wooden pole
jammed into my asshole, making me grunt and strain up onto my toes to try and
relieve the feel of the thing probing into my bowels.

   The men produced pieces of cloth, but before they tied them over our eyes
they laid small coins against our eyelids, Jess saying, "Just so you don't cheat
and try to open your eyes to peek, remember these coins would hurt like hell if
you open your eyelids."

   It was a very effective way of keeping our eyes closed.  I felt a sudden
sense of panic in my guts, my other senses suddenly becoming acute.  I listened
for any sign of movement.  Jess spoke, "Frank and me have to take care of the
horses and dogs for awhile, but we don't want you two idle till we get back. 
It's only right that you bitches do some exercise to tone up for what we have in
store for you.  Now I'm sure you both know how to teeter totter, and that's what
you are going to do till we come back.  We won't leave till you have a good
rhythm going, and I mean I want to see those shafts going all the way in and as
far out as you can get them.

   "No matter how long we are gone, when we come back I expect to see you moving
with just as much enthusiasm as when we leave.  If you're not, we're going to
hang you by your tits and give you each a hundred with the bullwhip. 
Understood?"

   "Yes, master," we said in unison.

   "Let us help you get started," he said.

   Suddenly the wheel started to turn.  I felt my feet leave the floor and cried
out in surprise as the dildo slid out of my bowels.  When the chains on my
ankles grew taunt, not much more than the rounded tip of the pole was in my
rectum.  Then the wheel reversed and I felt myself descending, the shaft sliding
back up my rectum to fill my bowels.  My feet hit the floor and my knees bent. 
The wind was knocked out of me as the momentum of the heavy wheel kept me from
stopping the relentless intrusion before the pole bottomed out in my guts.

   I used all my leg strength to push back up, getting the momentum going in my
favor for a change, hearing mother's loud grunt of pain next to me ear as she
experienced the same ass fucking I had just gone through.

   "That's it, bitches, now keep going no matter what, and don't talk to each
other while we're gone or you'll get the same treatment I promised."




   Chapter 23

   There was no way to know when they left.  I was too afraid to talk, knowing
it would be just like Jess and Frank to be still standing right next to us.  As
we settle into a rhythm, I started getting used to the slow in and out fucking
of the dildo.  The movement took a few minutes to master as we both began
breathing hard into each other's ear from the effort.  Soon the movement itself
became second nature, and as it did my senses began to focus on the feel of the
wooden pole rippling in and out against the sensitive wall of my anal passage.

   My labored breathing began to take on a different quality.  Passion began to
replace pain and effort.  Mother let out a soft moan and I could tell she too
was becoming aroused.  On the next rebound I deliberately bent my knees before
my feet touched the floor, willing myself to take even more of the thick phallus
into my aroused anal passage.  I grunted with delicious fullness, letting myself
slide down on the invader till it would go no further, then shoved up hard with
my muscular young legs.

   Mother matched my new pace, grunting loudly as she was penetrated to the
maximum.  Soon we were moving faster, violating each other with abandon, each
trying to outdo the other in forcing the shafts deeper and deeper.  Sweat was
dripping off me, and we were matching each other's frenzied moans of arousal.  I
no longer cared if we were being watched.

   I heard my voice over our steady moans gasping, "Yes, yes, oh shit, oh yes,
don't stop."

   Mother was in a similar state of disregard for the order not to talk, for she
responded breathlessly, "Jam it into mommy's ass, honey.  I'm almost there,  uh
. . uh, harder, God I'd do anything for a cock up my cunt."

   I didn't hear a thing before the tails of the whip lashed down on my left tit
mound, snaking up under my chin.  I screamed with surprise and pain.  A moment
later I heard the crack of a whip against flesh, knowing a moment later when
mother screamed that she was getting it too.

   Another blow landed, this time across my right breast, and I could tell by
the impact that my torturer was in front of my splayed thighs.  I screamed
again, losing the rhythm of my movements on the wheel.  Our screams mingled and
overlapped, blow after frenzied blow falling on my tits and belly as our heads
thrashed against one another.

   I could feel my burning tit flesh and nipples bounce and quiver under the
relentless assault till my whole chest felt like a bonfire was blazing atop me. 
Then, just as the pain was beginning to turn to arousal, the whip moved
downward.  First my splayed thighs were the target, then my up thrust cunt
mound.

   The tails of the whip struck heavily against my defenseless pink gash, the
pole lodged in my ass keeping my tender inner lips thrust out for the kiss of
the lash.  I was grateful for the state of arousal I had achieved before the
whipping started, for it came back with mind numbing force when the tips of the
whip found my erect clitoris.  "Yes, right there, . . Do it again." I screamed.

   There was sudden silence.  The whips stopped and I heard two clattering
sounds.  I was in such frenzy for release I immediately started trying to get
the wheel back in motion, heedless of how wanton I must look to Jess and Frank.

   Rough hands were suddenly on my hips, and I felt muscular thighs moving
between my own.  I squealed with lustful excitement as the strong hands held me
still and a blunt object came against my still virgin slit, moving and probing
for my vaginal opening.  I did my best to get my legs even wider apart, crazed
with desire to finally feel the penetration of my cunt.

   I couldn't be certain, but from the size of the knob probing between my
spread pussy lips I hoped it was Jess.  No longer afraid of the pain his big
cock would cause, I wanted it.  I said, "Yes, master, give it to me.  Make me
scream.  I'll fuck your ass with my tongue, I'll lick your balls and drink your
come till you can't stand up, just give it to me now, right now."

   "Aaeeeah," I howled as the impossibly thick rod of flesh found my virgin
opening and rammed deep into me.  "Oh God, oh no, no, you're killing me. 
Please, let me suck you, I'll do anything, only please take it out."  It eased
out slowly, the feeling that a red-hot poker had been in me lingering.  I gasped
a deep breath of gratitude for his mercy. 

   When just the tip was inside I slumped against the wheel with relief, only to
hear him grunt and suddenly thrust back in, burying the monster even deeper into
my cunt.  Another howl of agony burst from my open mouth, and I couldn't catch
enough breath to beg as he attacked me with a vengeance, fucking his mammoth
tool in and out, ever deeper.

   Mother's cries were almost as loud as mine, only hers were of passion.  I
could feel her head turn, her mouth coming against my ear as she gasped, "Take
it, baby, take it and it'll start feeling good soon."

   All through the previous domination and torture I had never felt so utterly
at the mercy of these men.  Somehow, the rape of my pussy added a whole new
level of subjugation.  Being tied to the wheel with the dildo up my ass only
added to the feeling of being helplessly dominated.  But then the magic started
again, this time building in a way the eclipsed anything that had gone before.

   I was now a real woman, and I was being used as a woman by a real man.  In
moments the very real agony coming from my torn and bleeding cunt became a
triumph of my womanhood.  This was what every man wanted, his cock pistoning in
and out of a woman's vagina.

   My garbled pleas for mercy were forgotten as the force of his hips slamming
his cock deep into my female depths started the wheel rocking up and down.  As
his big meat pole rammed in and out, so did the dildo in my ass, and I started
to orgasm with an intensity that made my whole body spasm and jerk as I screamed
and strained against my bonds.

   A hot gush of liquid suddenly flooded my depths, pulsing again and again as
he rammed in and out of me in a frenzy.  I felt triumphant at the speed with
which I had made Jess come, considering how long he had always lasted before. 
He came to a stop, his thick cock buried in my still spasming pussy as I felt
his hands reach behind my head to undo the blindfold.

   Moving his hips slowly to keep his still erect manhood sliding in and out of
me, I waited for the coins to be removed.  Gently they were lifted.  I blinked,
my eyes taking a moment to get used to the bright light and focus.

   "Reggie," I exclaimed, the breath going out of me.  My brother leered down at
me, his hands back on my naked hips and his prick continuing its slow fuck.  Reg
looked up past me and said, "Can we do some more stuff to them, dad."

    I stiffened, mortified that my beloved daddy was here.  I could hardly look
at him as he came beside me, standing naked with his huge prick dripping from
his use of my mother.  He looked down at me, his eyes thirsting on my up thrust
tits.  Then he looked me in the eyes and smiled.  "I guess you're not my little
kitten anymore Mandy.  When I got the news that you were here I thought about
killing Frank and Jess instead of paying them.  But then I realized it was your
own disobedience that got you here in the first place.  When we got here this
morning I still hadn't decided whether to kill them or not.

   "Jess was very apologetic, even telling me they didn't want to be paid.  We
had quite a little set to with my gun at his head.  But then he made a proposal
a gentleman couldn't refuse."

   I looked up at him questioningly, and he continued, "He said you were a born
cock slave and said I could be the judge.  If you didn't orgasm the first time
you were fucked, well then I could kill the two of them.  But if he were right,
then I would pay double for breaking both of you.  Now then, little Darlin, that
wasn't an orgasm I saw you having, now was it?"

   I looked up at my daddy questioningly, unsure how to answer.  Despite what we
had been through I didn't want the blood of two men on my hands.  Daddy must
have sensed my thought, for he said, "I don't want to pay them double, but I
won't kill them either.  What concerns me is the two of you might just be a
little unsure of who you belong to.

   What I propose to do is tell them they lost the bet, but that I'm willing to
let them live if they submit to whatever I decide should be done to them for
their failure.  Now then, I'll ask you again?  Did you have an orgasm?"

   I gave him my best little innocent girl look and said, "No, daddy."

End	




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chum


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





