BDSM Library - Dita's Crusade




Dita's Crusade
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After Dita captured wonder-woman, she altered her name and used her to capture other "toys" for her to use.
&lt;Dita's crusade, Part_1.&gt;
&lt;By the outsider.&gt;
&lt;Dita uses wonder-woman s her slave to gain control over some of her
(wonder-woman's) friends.&gt;

Note_1: this story is a tribute to GW and Llabmik.
Note_2: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading if you
are under age 18 or are offended by such material. This is a pure fantasy. ALL
of the characters are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel to the story or the
comics which I borrowed characters from. 
Note_3: the design for Hilda's maid uniform was made by GW, and used with
permission.

Part_1 - fallow Amazons.

Chapter_1 - Hilda and slave.

November 1945. The war was finely over, and the heads of the 3rd Reich stood to
trial when wonder-girl, arrived to Berlin with the American forces. Order by her
mother, Hippolyta, her job was clear; finding her older sister who disappeared
two years ago. Together with the rest of the American troops, she arrived to the
Gestapo's HQ where she found the shreds of what looked as her sister's cloths
with a note which said:

"To: the allies and wonder-slave's friends.

I have wonder-wimp as a slave. That is the closest form that ANY of you will
ever get to her... for now. You see I have plans for my princess, and so I don't
think that it is wise for us to have a meeting. In case you are wondering: wimp
is packing OUR suitcases. As always the bitch is naked and has a hose in her red
ass. You see, that hose is not your ordinary one as it used to be an extendable
phallus which we modified to remain in her ass as she will be used by it.

You need to see how cute she is. Thanks to my training program, my zombie like
slave only sobs in pain. Well. I will see you soon.

Signed; her owner and mistress: Dita Kramm.

PS.

Tell her younger sister, wonder-girl, that she is next."

"We must find her General. My sister is in troubles. I don't care how."
Wonder-girl informed the general next to her, before her rushed out of the room.

Meanwhile, outside the compound a blonde woman entered her truck smiling. At the
back of the car was wonder-wimp hogtied and gagged with a gas mask fastened
around her face. For the last hour the blonde looked at the stupid Americans
before she got into her car and drove away. She recognized Troia and already
worked on a plan to capture her. However, that would have to wait; in her trunk
was the once arrogant, independent, intelligent, and resourceful superheroine
who just craved to become Dita's Barbie Doll, wanton bimbo, sex toy and personal
slave of Mistress Dita Kramm.

A little while later, Dita stopped the truck next to a cabin at the black
forest. Dita built the cabin in secret not far from where the dumb whore in her
trunk left her futuristic Amazon aircraft as well as her; Tiara, power-belt and
power-bracelets. For the last two years of being used as a lesbian slave for
that bitch, Dita, the poor Amazon used to regret it.

However, her regrets were nothing in compare to the pain of watching on as Dita
wore them. Since that time Dita used to bring Diana over to be used as a target
while the evil blonde trained herself. Thanks to her inquiry (and torture), Dita
basically had Diana's: powers, body, soul and freedom in her hands as well as
the perfect way to escape. However, for now Dita will use her secret cabin to
play with her toy until things will be hard for them.

Once Diana will be ready, Dita will dress her in new costume that would give her
artificial powers. Those powers will be achieved by a formula which Dita got
from her friend, Dita von-tease, who enslaved another dumb, American
Superheroine. However, Diana's outfit won't be the same. In the past Dita knew
that once Diana will get the powers, she might try to stop her. However, after
giving her the tools, she realized that Diana couldn't fight her without being
shocked.

When she realized that she couldn't hit the evil bitch, Diana tried to escape to
the aircraft. However, her mistress was able to stop and strip her before
Diana's humiliation began. Every time after they played, reports came about a
naked woman who ran through the trees. Once Diana was caught by a group of women
and men who used her until Dita stopped them. Now when the Russians were in the
area, Dita KNEW that Diana will be good girl and willing to cooperate with her
training.

Once the car stopped; Dita went to the trunk, and after she took the suitcases
informed her toy while releasing it: "well now, we are going to have great time
over here. Now Diana; take MY suitcases into the dressing room and unpack them
into the closets. Understood?"

"Yes mistress." Diana answered, before her mistress took one suitcase and went
into the room. It took poor Diana 10 trips and an entire hour to finish the
task. However, once she did; the once proud heroine got on all four, and began
to bark. A little while later, Dita came into the room dressed in her costume
which reminded a dominatrix's one and included: black leather dominatrix outfit,
with high, black boots, leather bra and G-string. A discreet opening in the
leather crotch piece exposed tantalizing glimpses of her delightful pussy.
Diana's power-belt was resting around her mistress's waist which held a riding
crop in her hand which was covered by a leather opera-glove.

Each of Dita's wrists had Diana's ex power-bracelets, and the slave's tiara was
over her head just above a leather mask that covered her eyes.

According to the Amazonian law in Diana's island: once an Amazon lost to
another, she becomes her slaves and must give her powers to the winner. Diana
did gave Dita her; powers, body, soul and freedom. However, now Dita wanted to
have her slave's loyalty.

Seeing the princess in that position gave Dita good feeling. Once Diana saw her
mistress, she stopped barking before Dita said: "crawl over here slut, and start
to eat me while I will inform you about the future!"

Knowing that she had no other choice forced Diana to crawl to her mistress. Once
she was at her mistress's feet, Diana began to look her mistress with the same
humiliate and hopeless look which she gave her mistress. For Dita, seeing that
look was EVERYTHING. For the next 30 minutes Diana licked her mistress, before
Dita said after blowing up in her slave's face: "you are a disgusting little
whore. However, it does not matter bitch. Now slave, it is time for you to get
two NEW names. The 1st one will be for your NEW persona... my sidekick if you
will. I thought about a few names like: wonder-bitch, wonder-slut, wonder-toy,
wonder-cow, Wondie, and a few others. The choices that I had were great;
however, I decided to go with; slave. That name is perfect for me because it
still posses the sound of your former name. However, that name is submissive and
humiliating for an Amazonian princess like you who "is an expert in ALL forms of
Amazonian combat." The other name will be for your alter-ego and it will be:
Hilda-Kramm. The both of us were married two days ago, at a chapel next to
Hamburg. So Hilda; since you already naked and collared then let's go for a
walk."

Suddenly just as Dita finished, Hilda heard the leash being clipped before she
felt a tag. Dita led her crawling slave out of the room and into the woods where
Dita forced Hilda to shit every 5 meters, all the way to the aircraft. Once they
finely arrived, Dita forced her bitch to finger herself for 10 minutes. Once the
10 minutes were up, Hilda was forced to lick her mistress's boots until they
were sparkling before they returned to the cabin.

Hilda's time at the upper side of cabin was very short because her mistress
wanted to sleep after the poor thing licked her pussy for 30 minutes. Once Hilda
finished and received her treat, Dita led her captive slave down to the basement
(which was Dita's torture room), where Dita locked Hilda inside a cage.

However, before leaving her slave Dita said: "when I will return Hilda, we're
going to have fun. 1st I'm going to fuck you in ALL three holes while you (as
always) will squeal and get yourself wet like a pig. Then I'm going to give you
slave's outfit together with the special collar. You know the golden one which I
had developed especially for a bitch like you. The scientist who worked on it
did a wonderful job. From now on you will twirl yourself from being my personal
body-slave to my partner in crime. We are going to do some shopping tonight."

Inside the small cage, Hilda sobbed for hours before her mistress arrived.
However, not as always Dita was true to her word as she came wearing her costume
with the dreaded strap-on phallus. Dita had on her shoulder a gym-bag which she
put aside before she came to the cage. Once she stood next to it; Dita opened
the cage before she forced the huge phallus into Hilda's face and began to rape
the helpless slave's face. Poor Hilda tried to force the invader out of her
mouth; however, Dita was to powerful and controlled the sobbing slave
completely.

Once Dita was pleased with her slave's performance of screaming, she pulled the
phallus out and threw Hilda to the floor. Poor Hilda had no rest as Dita jumped
on her and began to fuck her breasts, while pulling those freshly pierced
nipples laughing. However, on her part poor and helpless Hilda did EVERYTHING
that she could to try and rescue herself which went from: screaming to punching
and kicking.

30 minutes later it was time to "go south," so Dita stopped the rape of Hilda's
breasts and moved to the hopeless slave's pussy. However, just as Dita was about
to ram the huge thing into Hilda's pussy, the bell rang. Poor Hilda thought that
she was saved; however, her evil mistress quickly tied her hands to the
handcuffs from a wooden post from the floor. Then Dita took her soiled panties,
and after shoving him into her slave's mouth; she secured a ball-gag with the
word: "whore" around her head.

Once Dita finished, she wore a robe after she removed her bra. Then as Hilda
sobbed in agony, Dita went out of the basement after warning her slave: "don't
dare to make a peep, or else I will abuse you until you would wish that you will
DIE there and then. Now Hilda; I want to have these panties filled with your
drool. You are a dirty whore and I have plans for you. I don't know who stand
next to the door; however, if those are the Americans or Russians then we will
see how smart they are with that new thing called: spying satellites. Don't
worry whore; I will be here soon to use my sexy lovedoll for my own amusement."
Once Dita closed the door, Hilda began to cry as she automatically began to do
what she was conditioned to: try and suck every last drop of her sweat nectar
down her throat by the time her evil mistress will return. Poor Hilda (who knew
that she had no choice), complied with disgust and repugnance as her mouth
actively chewed and her throat muscles swallowed as much as they could.

Dita was right. Behind to the door were five American soldiers. Once the door
was open, one of the soldiers went into the house, and began to speak with
Hilda: "are you here alone young lady?"

"No. I leave here with my beloved fiancee, Hilda." Dita answered with a smile.

"What is your name?" The soldier asked.

"Maria Kramm." Dita answered.

"Do you have any relations with: the relentless, merciless Commandant Dita
Kramm?" the soldier asked.

"No... who is that? She must be very important if Troia as well as the entire
allied forces plus the: FBI, CIA and the Scotland-yard looking after her. Tell
me; what so special about that Dita?" Dita replied, trying to kill every desire
to laugh at the soldier. The fool had HER picture in HIS hand, and yet he asked
her all this? Poor Hilda would want to die when she will hear that.

"According to our information she captured wonder-woman... and we need to
retrieve her." The soldier replied.

"Well... would you like to look around?" Dita offered.

"No. we have orders to tell the population in this area to look for them. Now if
you'll excuse me: I have to go." The soldier answered before her jumped up and
walked out of the house. Once he was out, Dita closed the door and after locking
it; she laughed all the way to her slave who still screamed in agony and pain
through her gag.

Once Dita was next to her slave, she threw her coat over Hilda's tearing face.
Once her slave's face was covered; Dita continued where she left of as she
rammed her phallus inside Hilda's pussy. Once it was in, Dita began to take it
in and out as rough as she could. Hilda tried to kick Dita; however, Dita
stopped it by grabbing her legs and forcing her into a position in which EVERY
kick will make poor Hilda to loose her balance. As Hilda fucked her slave, she
removed her handcuffs, allowing her slave to gain some balance.

When Dita finished, she put on a pair of latex gloves before removing the
ball-gag. When the gag was removed, Dita took the panties out and placed them
over her slave's face after she cuffed Hilda's wrist to a pair of handcuffs
which was connected to the ring in her bellybutton by a golden chain. Then for
punishment; Dita tied Hilda's breasts together with a rope. Poor Hilda's breasts
were tied so tight that they actually became red and purple.

Just as Dita finished, she removed her panties from Hilda's mouth. Suddenly
without a warning, Dita rammed the phallus into her mouth and forced her to suck
it. After a while Hilda began to drool over the phallus, and that was Dita's
sign to start and rape her poor slave's face. Poor Hilda tried to stop the evil
woman. However, it was for no avail as the chain was to short so Dita could do
ANYTHING to her.

Hilda's suffering did not lest long as Dita pushed her to the ground, and forced
the helpless slave to stand on her hands and knees. Poor Hilda tried to resist.
However, when she saw the dreaded bat in Dita's hand; the once proud heroine
stopped and did as she was told. When Hilda finely finished, her mistress told
her before she began to fuck her ass: "now Hilda; you are such a bitch. That is
why I'm going to use you like one."

As Dita began to pump her slave's ass, poor Hilda automatically began to lick
the panties between one scream\moan to the other.  When Dita finished, she
forced the hands of her helpless and fighting slave, Hilda, into a bondage
stocks which she attached to chains which ran down from the ceiling. Once Hilda
was secured, Dita connected the slave-bracelets which Hilda had over her legs by
6" chain which ran through a ring at the floor. Once Hilda realized that she was
in no shape to escape, she tried to convince Dita to free her. However, Dita had
another plan as she ignored her slave, and went to the wall infront of Dita and
pressed on a button which began to stretch her slave.

Once Hilda reached the limit of her flexibility, Dita took her bat and began to
spank her: ass, pussy and sore nipples. For the next hour Dita: tortured, used
and abused Hilda before she tied poor Hilda's golden rope around her neck. Once
Dita finished, she began to change Hilda's mind: "wonder-woman, do you here me?"

"Yes." Wonder-woman answered in the same cocky tone of voice which she USED to
have.

"Tell me about that rope!" Dita ordered with a sadistic smile. Suddenly just as
Dita finished, Hilda found herself explaining to her evil mistress bout the
rope. When Hilda finished, Dita asked: "so in other words: once I will give you
orders as the rope tied over your neck, you must execute it?"

"Yes. That is just what I'm telling you." Hilda replied.

"That's great. So Wonder-woman; from now on your name is: "slave-girl." You are
my sidekick. My name is: "mistress." You became my sidekick after I rescued you
from; Commandant Dita Kramm. However, you were so upset with your friends that
you agreed to become super-villainess. We have a lesbian relation in which you
are the submissive and I'm the dominatrix. Understood?" Dita informed her abused
slave, who felt how her powers to resist left her.

"Yes." Hilda answered in a submissive tone of voice.

"WHENEVER the rope is tied over your neck, you'll say: Yes MISTRESS.
Understood?" Dita asked with a smile.

"Yes mistress." Hilda answered.

"You will remember EVERYTHING that happened to you. However, you will accept me
as your owner and goddess. Understood SLAVE?" Dita said with a smile.

"Yes mistress." Hilda replied as her hatred and feelings for Dita returned.
However, this time she suddenly felt how Dita's control was just what she
needed. However, that was not the end as she suddenly felt the urge to worship
Dita. Suddenly as she tried to resist, Hilda realized Dita's plan: the evil
bitch lied to her. Instead of creating new persona and erasing what she was;
Dita used it to build new life for her. With that in mind; Hilda dreaded her
alter-ego because she knew that she was helpless against Dita's will.

"Now slave, tell me what your alter-ego's name was!" Dita ordered with a smile
as she knew that Hilda was now under her control.

"My name was: Diana Prince... mistress." Hilda answered.

"That is wrong. Your name was and still is: Hilda Prince. When you are not
Wondie; you are a submissive, Lesbian housewife. That means that you spending
your time doing ALL of the house chores. However, you also have a knotty side in
which you like to be used as a ponygirl or as a doggie-girl. Other then that you
are pure masochist. Understood?"

"Yes mistress." Hilda answered, before Dita continued the brain modifications.

Hours passed in which Dita used what Hilda knew to change her. Once Dita
finished, Hilda looked in worship eyes as her evil mistress put a pair of latex
gloves over her hands. Once finished; Dita grabbed the rope which was still
hanging from Hilda's neck before shoved her ENTIRE hand into her slave's ass.

Then as Hilda began to moan and pant like a whore in heat, her mistress secured
ALL the things that she accomplished by telling her slave: "from now on you are
what I told you Hilda. Both wonder-woman and Diana prince will still leave in
you. However, they will become prisoners in this body. You are to week to oppose
me. You will accept; Hilda, slave and the rest of the modifications I made as if
they were you. However, I'll let you to be Diana. You see, the most humiliating
thing that I can do is to abuse you as Diana. But you'll have one problem:
Diana's new attitude will match that of Hilda so you will not be able to resist
me. Furthermore; you will not be able to become Wonder-Woman from two reasons.
The 1st reason is that the bitch doesn't exist anymore. The 2nd reason is that
you need my permission to be able to change. Now I forgot to tell you: as slave
you won't be able to use your powers on me. Even the thought about it will make
you sick. Understood?"

"Yes Dita." Hilda replied.

"No Hilda\slave. From now on you will call me: mistress at all times.
Understood?" Dita informed her slave as she freed her from her bonds.

"Yes mistress. Please forgive me." Hilda replied.

"Worship me!" Dita answered, and looked with a sadistic smile as Hilda dropped
to her hands and knees. When Hilda was on all four, she crawled over to Dita
before she began to kiss and lick her goddess's boots. Suddenly, against her
will Hilda began to yelp like a dog begging for his owner's mercy while her
right hand began to move toward her clit. Suddenly being treated like that by
Dita made her hot, and she needed to get some relief... hurry.

After a few minutes, Hilda decided to remorselessly keep her victim at the
odious task, until Hilda licked and slobbered at the dildo, till it gleamed.
Once that ordeal was over, Dita led her slave to the gym-beg and ordered her to
get dressed. The 1st item which Hilda wore was red ankle-high boots made of
leather. The next item was blue, leather string bikini which rode high on her
hips. The string Bikini was so skimpy that it barely covered her round ass, and
hairless pussy.

Over each of her wrists, Hilda had a golden slave-bracelet which was made of
metal. Over Hilda's head was a replica of her Tiara. However, that Tiara allowed
Dita to control her slave by subliminal orders which went DIRECTLY into Hilda's
brain. Over her neck was a golden princess-collar with a dog-tag which declared:
"Hey. My name is slave."

Once Hilda was dressed, Hilda twirled and mistress was reveled to her
worshipping slave. As mistress Dita was dressed in: thigh-high leather-boots,
Black G-string and Black leather bra. Over each of her hands, Dita wore black
opera glove made of leather. Her eyes were covered with a mask and Hilda could
see her: power-belt, power-belt, power bracelets, golden lasso and tiara where
they used to be when she OWNED them.

Once finished, mistress and slave flew to Berlin where Dita knew that Troia was.
Having Hilda fight Troia will be great. In Hilda's eyes all of her
former-friends became her enemies, so slave would do EVERYTHING to protect her
mistress from her enemies.

A little while later, Dita and Hilda attached Troia between the Reichstag and
the Brandenburg gate. Troia immediately recognized her sister. However, it did
not stop Hilda from doing what her goddess wanted and to fight the helpless
Amazon who tried not to fight. Troia tried to reach the mistress, but it was for
no use as slave tried to stop her again and again.

Finely when the fight was over; slave took the unconscious heroine and placed
her on her shoulder before she flew after mistress back home. When they got
home, slave stripped her sister before she tied her to a chair and went to
please her mistress.

The end of Chapter 1.

Chapter_2a - if something can go wrong... it WILL!

September 1st, 1956. Hilda's day began with the usual fucking with Dita's
German-shepherd. Since Dita changed Hilda; she became her goddess. As Hilda's
goddess, Dita's word was the law and she followed. One of the two main changes
in Hilda's new way of life was that she was naked accept for a replica of the
golden lasso which was so thin that it seemed as if she was naked. Together with
her new Tiara, Hilda's will was cancelled.

The other change was that Hilda felt the urge to be fucked by Hilda's animals,
and indeed she was fucked by: Bruce (Dita's dog) every Sunday and Monday, Clark
(Dita's pig) every Tuesday and Wednesday, Peter (Dita's Mule) every Tuesday and
Friday, and John (Dita's horse) every Sather day.

As always (by this time) Hilda wore: a collar which was connected by a pair of
chains to a thick, black leather collar with her name printed on it. However,
before she went to be inspected by her mistress; Hilda shoved her expendable
phallus into her ass and played with it. To make sure that Hilda will remember
her place; her goddess was gracious enough to give her orders regarding her
makeup which now match perfectly that of a whore. Dita also suggested that Hilda
will get her hair bleached as well as that Hilda will get her: nose, nipples and
Vagina walls and clit will be pierced with permanent rings. Over her head was
the tiara (which was the only connection between Hilda and slave) in case Hilda
will need her slave.

Once Hilda's place was in place, she crawled to her loving goddess who was still
sleeping in her bed. Once she was next to the bed, Hilda crawled in as she was
trained to. Then Hilda began to gently kiss Dita's pussy before she began to
lick the nectar of her goddess who came in her face. When Dita woke, she placed
her hands over her doggie's head, and forced Hilda's face deeper into her pussy.
Hilda just loved the feeling of her slave's pierced tongue slavering inside of
her.

Once Hilda hated doing this. However, after her very own golden lasso was on
her, and her goddess told her; she just loved it as she knew what was coming
next. When her goddess was awake, Hilda crawled to the floor where. On the floor
Hilda spread her legs as wide as she could, allow her goddess to inspect her
shaved pussy and look at the glittering rings. Hilda's hands squeezed her NEW FF
tits together, while her tongue went in and out of her tongue. Her hips slowly
swayed from one side to the other. Seeing Hilda in that position made Dita to
laugh at her slave as she inspected her balance by attaching to chains with 2"
weight to each of Hilda's ringed nipples... as well as another one with a bell
to Hilda's tongue.

For the next 5 minutes, Dita kept Hilda in that position until she was fully
awake. Once she was fully awake, Dita set on Hilda's back, and rode Hilda to the
bathroom with Poor Hilda's bleached hair as her reins. At the bathroom, Dita
removed Hilda's phallus before leading her worshiper, lover. Toy, slave and
pussy-slave into the bath.

When Hilda was in the bath, Dita washed her EVERY curve focusing on Hilda's clit
which was on fire as her goddess touched her. Once Dita finished washing Hilda's
mouth, she secured a double penis gag over Hilda's mouth before she forced Hilda
to use it on her ass after she turned around. With her new urge to please Dita,
Hilda couldn't resist and that was when she did as she was ordered. Once Dita
came at the 4th time, she told her slave to stop before she set on the toilet.
Hilda was what was next, and before Dita informed her, the obedient slave pushed
Dita's legs aside and began to lick the woman's pussy.

Hilda remembered how she used to hate doing it. She used to be a proud Amazon...
not this whore. Once Hilda believed in her gods and goddess. However, that all
changed as she became the 1st worshiper of that evil woman. She couldn't
remember what her goddess told her when she was tied by the lasso; however,
since then she was completely altered to satisfy her beloved goddess, mistress,
owner and lover. Somehow having the words: "mistress" and "owner" next to (and
sometimes even before) the word "goddess" made lots of sense. Hilda was a "lost
sheep" as her goddess once told her and needed to have her goddess as a shepherd
to save her from herself.

When Hilda's demanding goddess was pleased, she stopped Hilda before she kissed
her on the lips. As her goddess, Dita never worked to give Hilda pleasure. The
one who labored on that deeming task was Hilda... and ONLY Hilda. Even thinking
about her tongue in her slave's private parts made her feel sick. That is why
Hilda's nipples were under metal disks which were glued to them. Hilda's ass
ALWAYS had the phallus, and her pussy had a 10" dildo which was locked inside
Hilda's pierced pussy under "ring and locks."

Pictures of Hilda were sent to the Allies. However, now with Germany torn into
four pieces, no one could do ANYTHING. Just like her beloved country, Dita was
changed as she removed Hilda's training corset. With the tiara permanently on
Hilda's head reminding the useless slave her place, there was no need for the
collar. Furthermore, Hilda considered the possibility of dressing Hilda in new
costume as slave. However, that will have to wait.

Once Dita broke the kiss, she grabbed Hilda's hand, and led her back to her
bedroom. At the bedroom, Dita dressed Hilda in a maid uniform which included:
black 9" mules, black fishnet-stockings, black super abbreviated flounced skirt,
that didn't reach the top of her thighs, no undergarments, with white lace
aprons, that extended between her bounteous breasts but did not cover them. When
Hilda was dressed, Dita gave her a feather-duster and sent her to clean her
statue which Hilda used to; lick and kiss EVERY day 5 times in which she prayed
to be kept as her goddess's; toy, slave and property.

Meanwhile at the basement, wonder-girl just woke up after the last beating which
she received from Dita. Without her Amazonian artifacts the helpless teen was
nothing next to Dita and her enslaved Amazonian powers. Much like wonder-woman
(Hilda) before the lasso, wonder-girl was assigned by BOTH Hilda and her new
goddess, Dita, to do the most demeaning tasks that would humiliate her and
further break her spirit. Furthermore, the former Commandant Dita continued to
abuse and terrorized the unfortunate Amazon just like she did to wonder-woman a
few years ago.

As always since she was captured, wonder-girl was naked accept for her older
sister's golden-lasso which was and had those rings placed in strategic areas.
Like in Hilda's situation; her pussy was filled with 10" dildo that was locked
behind a set of 10 rings on each vagina wall, and 5 rings which connected them
together in a way that it won't fall. On her head was a tiara like the one her
sister had. Even though Hilda's whip was not used on her YET, the tiara worked
to perfection. Wonder-girl's tiara was an improved version of Hilda, and it
basically worked as irremovable golden lasso.

Suddenly, just as the lovely teen was about to sleep; the door opened and her
goddess walked in. over Dita's face was huge smile as she just targeted her
latest victims: Dyna-girl who will be caught by slut-girl, and Electra-woman who
will be caught by slave. Once her tiaras will be on them; they will be lost just
like her Amazons. Dita also decided that while her Amazons will go after the
Americans, Dita herself will catch that bitch, queen Hippolyta.

Dita's only problem was that the soviets and the allies began to reshape Germany
with borders which ran not far from where she was, and in the middle of Berlin.
With that in mind, Dita worked on a plan: slave and slut-girl will take their
invisible plains and fly to America, while she will lure the queen to her home
and HQ. Dita could see the queen's face when she will see her daughter, the
former princess Diana, as slave and Hilda.

Once Dita stood infront of the teen, she asked: "what's your name slut?"

"Matilda prince, mistress." Matilda answered, feeling very odd with those words.

"What is your religion?" Dita asked with a sadistic smile.

"Like my sister, Hilda, I'm a virgin. Mistress." Matilda answered, and felt as
she wanted to die.

"So you never had sex?" Dita asked with a bigger smile.

"No mistress. I am a member of the virgin religion, and worship you." Matilda
answered, before she dropped to her hands and knees and began to lick and kiss
her goddess's boots until she slobbered ALL over them. Once Matilda finished,
she began to wiggle her ass while her right hand began to rub and play with her
clit... against her will. Matilda tried to resist the rope and Tiara (which
canceled her will); however, it was for no avail as the poor teen was nothing,
and soon she began to snort like a pig before she stopped to resist. By now
Matilda knew that it was hopeless to resist. Like Diana before her, it was time
that Matilda will be marked.

Once Dita was pleased with her slave's doing she ordered her to stop, and stand
in attention. As Matilda followed her goddess's orders, Dita went to the closet
and took a little box before returning to her slave and showing her the content
of the box. The box had two bells which Dita clipped to Matilda's pierced
nipples and 10 rings with bells instead of diamonds which were placed on each
hand. Once Dita finished, she ordered her slave to twirl, which she did.

Once the twirl was over, Matilda once again was forced to watch her new costume
which was nothing like her former. Her legs were in red 5" ankle high boots. Her
trunks were replaced by a pair of blue, long crotchless pants maid of leather.
Her red shirt was replaced by red leather vest without sleeves which had a hole
in them so that her milky breasts were revealed. Furthermore: each of her
nipples supported a dangling letter. On her left side was the letters: "S\Z"
for; "slut\zlut." On her right nipple was the letter: "G" for girl.

Over her neck was a spiked leather-collar with "slut\zlut-girl" printed on it.
Not like in her "Matilda's look," her hair was white and in flowing French
curls. And to complete the image: her face was decorated with heavy makeup.
Other then that, Matilda's gorgeous face was full with metal rings as she wore:
3 small silver rings on each eyebrow's side, in her nose she had large golden
ring, while two smaller were placed on each side. Each of her ears supported 9
small ones, while 3 large hoops were placed on each earlobe. Furthermore, on her
wrists, Matilda had the same handcuffs that her "sister" had.

After an entire minute of suffering; Dita led slut-girl to where Hilda just
finished cleaning her goddess's samurai's swords collection. Once finished,
Hilda twirled automatically as she remembered Dita's latest orders when she
placed the new tiara over her head: "whenever you will see me with slut-girl:
you will automatically twirl into becoming slave!"

When the twirl stopped and Hilda was in costume, both slaves listened to Dita.
Dita informed them about her plans, and when she finished watch with a sadistic
smile as they ran to do her bidding.

A little while later, the silent alarm from the American side of the border
began to ring. Dita, who was alone in the house, knew that this "guest" was not
the Americans because she used Hilda to build a defensive area around her estate
from BOTH the side of the allies and that of the soviets. Not far from where she
was living at; Dita had a brothel in which soldiers from the western side were
interrogated by soviet "Julia" agents. In return for Dita's help, she received
insurances that she won't pay taxes for her estate.

What Dita's monitors revealed was an invisible Amazonian aircraft. On board was
queen Hippolyta, who followed Dita's clues. Once Hippolyta was at the door, it
opened automatically. When the queen was inside, she heard the door slammed
before she was knocked out by Dita who hit her with a vase. Without wasting ANY
time, Dita stripped the queen before she tied her with a replica of Hilda's
original golden lasso in a Japanese style. Once Dita finished, she was supposed
to give the queen a tiara; however, not like at the cases of the others; Dita
had special plans for the useless, defenseless and soon to be humiliated queen
who didn't had the tiara.

She was able to create those replicas with Matilda and Hilda's help. The
original lasso was on Dita's belt, and she used the replicas to control her
slaves. Together with the new tiara; the slaves couldn't say no... or have free
will.

Once that task was over, Dita set the impeached queen in a chair next to a
table. Then Dita began to shave her pussy, before giving her new slave a Mohawk
haircut using a knife. Dita wanted to destroy the queen. By doing saw, both
Hilda and Matilda won't be able to resist her as their "liberator" as they
referred to Hippolyta was brushed by their goddess. Furthermore, to keep her
slaves as they were; Dita decided to re alter the former queen, and her #1
worshiper to be her personal servant and "high-priestess."

Once Hilda finished, she took another box from the closet, and began to pierce
Hippolyta's body until she looked like a picture Dita had. When Dita finished,
she set a chair, and waited for her slave to wake-up. Technically after
stripping her NEW slave, and the soon to arrive humiliation; the Amazonian queen
will become her property.

Dita also knew that she owns the thing that would help her to break Hippolyta's
spirit. That thing was: movies and pictures from Dita's collection of what she
did to Hippolyta's subjects, Matilda and Hilda before changing their minds.
Others showed both: Matilda and Hilda as Dita's "disciples," while the rest were
homevideos on "other fields" as Dita called it.

The end of chapter_2.

The end of part_1.

To be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Outsider


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





