BDSM Library - New Friends




New Friends
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife lets her husband know that he is going to cuckold at a party in front of all the guest who end up using her, while she abuses him.
New Friends

I'm not sure when I lost control of my wife, it just happened.  We started to
swing and met this couple at a party who invited us to their house the following
weekend. I didn't really want to go. Not really knowing them all that well, but
Kathy insisted.

She and Fancy the wife of the couple hit it off right away despite the fact that
Fancy was 10 years older than my wife Kathy, who was 28.  Fancy's husband got a
call and left right before the swinging party began so we didn't get to talk to
him very much at all. Ken seems like a meek guy, not the typical swinger but it
takes all kind.

Anyway we were suppose to arrive at their house the following Friday at 7:30. 
Throughout the week I tried to sway my wife's mind, but she was determined and I
knew better than to get her mad.  She can be a real bitch when she wants to be.

When Friday night arrived she dressed in a very short black mini-skirt with
sheer black stockings. Her top was a low cut very bright and very tight white
blouse that showed off Kathy's rather big boobs.  She looked very hot and
sluttish, not a look I was used to on my wife but to avoid a fight I let it go.

Underneath it all she had a wonder bra that pushed her ample cleavage up to the
point it was almost pointless for her to wear a shirt at all.  The matching
black lace thong made me hard at just the thought much less to watch her pull it
up her long luscious legs until it was hidden under her skirt.

She teased her blonde hair like a video tramp, she wore heavy eye shadow and
lipstick as well.  By the time she was done my usual beautiful girl next door
became a walking wet dream. She knew she look hot, and kidded me to put on her
spike heals.

"Ok shoe boy, put your mistress's heals on." Then she held her foot out. Not
knowing what that night held in store for me I played along.  I knelt in front
of her a placed each spiked heel on her dainty foot.  I wasn't sure she would be
able to walk with 8 inch spikes on but she did like she's been wearing them her
whole life.

On the way to the Wilson's she ordered me to stop at a convenient store for some
drinks for the night.  She picked one about half way through town in a not so
good neighborhood.  The young punks made cat calls as she stepped out of the
car. She turned to lean back in the car to tell me to follow her in.  When she
bent over I know her short skirt let her bottom stick out the back, the punks
made no attempt to tone down their reaction.

We heard "woo bitch bend over again", and "damn look at that slut".  The
comments just made Kathy smile and she turned towards the boys and blew them a
kiss.  She had the attention of everyone in the store.  The men just gawked and
the females mostly whispered that she was a whore.

I felt a little stupid when I paid for the stuff while she flirted with every
guy that would pay attention which was all five guys in the store. When we left
the teens hanging outside came up talking their cool talk trying to pick it her
up.  I was going to nip this right in the bud.  Kathy turned around and scolded
me, my face turned red as they laughed.  Then she told me to get into the car
and wait for her.  I did without even thinking. 

She turned back to the group of guys who surrounded her.  She made no attempt to
stop their wondering hands.  I could see through the passenger side's glass her
skirt flipped up and a hand on either side squeezing.  I could hear her tell
them she had to go, but she might be back some time. They started asking why she
was with me, and I heard her say that even though his dick is like this and she
held her fingers close together he's good at servicing me and then she pretended
to shove my head in her crotch.  They all roared with laughter.

As we were pulling out, I asked her why she said that.  She said she was just
teasing me and meant no harm. I told her not to do it again and she giggled and
said "Yeah ok whatever you say." It was sarcastic but I didn't care.

When we got to Fancy's and Ken house and walked in we found out that we were the
last ones to get there. The house was filled with black men and even some black
women all with their arms around at least one white girl, most had two.

I was the only white man I could see. Every one was just kind of smirking at me,
like they knew something I didn't. Fancy grabbed us each by the hand and lead us
to the center of the living room, which was the center of the party. My voice
was shaky as I asked Fancy where Ken was. She just told me to shut up, which I
did without question.

"Drop'em bitch." Kathy ordered me. Stunned I just stood there not knowing what
to do. She grabbed my nuts through my pants and squeezed them hard. She put her
face an inch from mine and looked at me hard and said "From now on you're my
bitch and play toy. You will do what I say or else."

"But, why? Why are you doing this, your humiliating me in front of everyone." I
tried to say it as strong as I could, but her death grip on my balls made me
sound like a scared little kid.

"Because you have a two inch white dick, and I need a real cock to satisfy my
lust. A big black cock. From now on my pussy is off limits to you, go ahead and
show everyone you little dick." 

I became aware of the stares and giggles. Fancy was by her side, and they began
to kiss. The sight of their tongues touching made my dick rock hard. But Kathy
was right even hard it was small. Both women broke the kiss and looked at me,
and Fancy said "We can do this the easy way or hard way either way your pants
are coming down and we are going to make you jack that little thing off while
your lovely wife sucks one black dick after another you understand boy?"

"I guess."

Fancy slapped my face hard, "Bitch it's 'Yes Mistress' or 'No Mistress' when you
talk to us. Anyone else here it's 'Master' just like your punk ass ancestors
made their people call them."

"Yes Mistress." I was petrified she said something about slavery. My hands found
the button to my pants and I undid them. I lowered them to my feet and stepped
out. By the time I was done I stood naked in front of about 30 or 40 people who
were making comments like "look at that small dick, my 5 year has a bigger dick"
and "just like a white boy, with a small little white pecker".

About that time my wife announced that from now on my dick would be the only wee
wee in the room. My face turned bright red.

"Stoke your little wee wee white boy," my wife seemed to be enjoying it more as
she humiliated me even more.  "Ok enough of that, who cares about your orgasm."
She paused while the room clapped, cheered and laughed. "Ok bitch now you are
going to get me ready. Tonight I'm joining Fancy's little family. See all these
white sluts, they are all married to little white boys like you. We gather
several times a week to enjoy black dick. Every time we pick a white boy to
abuse and use." With that she took her knee and drove it into my crotch dropping
me instantly. "Guess who's this week's bitch."

Looking up with my hands cupping my sore balls I could see that was cue for a
lot of the white women to drop to their knees and begin to suck the dick or
pussy of their masters who stood their with big smiles on their faces shouting
various racial comments at me. The black men had monster cocks, I couldn't
believe that a dick could get as big as some of them.

Fancy grabbed me by the hair and stood me back up. I watched as two men sat on
the couch, neither could have been more that 19, and she began to give them a
lap dance.

Their dark hands wandered around her creamy white body, pinching her nipples
hard through her bra. Her shirt was hanging open and her skirt was around her
waist. I couldn't help but to get hard. Fancy pointed this out to everyone, "Hey
looked the little fucker is getting turned on, he likes to see his bitch with a
ebony prince." The room erupted with laughter again at my expense.

By now Kathy was completely naked bent at the waist letting the two men feel her
ass and pussy. She never even let me look at her asshole, now these two
strangers had their fingers up to the knuckle in it. Slapping her ass hard,
calling her white slut.

My wife has become a black cock slut right before my eyes and I couldn't do
nothing but watch. She knelt in front of them and took each of their cocks in
her mouth and sucked like her life depended on it, I could see her throat bulge
with every bob of her head. She milked their rods until each shot a big load on
her face.

With the help of Fancy they scooped as much as could up and poured it down her
open mouth and waiting tongue. She was licking her luscious lips. When I asked
her to do that she didn't give me head for a year, now she was licking it up
like it was candy.

One of the other guys must of busted a nut in a one of the girls. This beautiful
brunette was bent over in front of my wife, and Fancy and another white girl
took either ass check in their hands and spread it open wide. I just about shot
my load as I watch my wife use her tongue to suck the cum out of this woman's
ass so she could go back to fucking and not feel as loose as she was.  Kathy's
face was buried in this girls butt.

That's when some other guy came up and to my shock shoved his dick in her pussy
bareback. I was too scared to say anything, I just prayed she didn't get knocked
up. He pounded her cunt, then he grabbed her by the hair and pulled back on her
head until her back was arched. It looked so sexy. His bull prick was stretching
my wife's hole to the max.

By the time they was all done, my Kathy must of fucked 15 guys. Her pussy and
asshole was used and abuse. She must of drank a gallon of cum. However, she
looked satisfied. The rest of the guest either left or was sitting around
passing a big blunt in a circle. With pot smoke rolling out from between my
wife's lips she sat on the edge of the coffee table. "Stand in front of me and
jack off until you cum, but before you do signal me."

"Yes Mistress." I stood in front of her and stroked my wee wee off until I was
just about ready to cum.

"I going to cum!" I announced right before she punched me hard as she could in
the balls. My orgasm backed up in me and my dick went limp as the pain shot
through me. I fell to my knees and began to cry.

The room starting to chant "Cry baby, cry baby" while laughing. She then told me
to lie flat on my back and get myself off. I did, and then they made me lay on
the floor while they went on parting and going off to bed. My cum was drying on
my belly.

Kathy woke me up the next morning by kicking me in the head. "Bitch get up and
get breakfast ready for everyone, then after you serve us you can go home and
wait. But you can't go in, sit in front with this hat on." The hat was a big
dunce hat with the words "Ask me about my little wee wee" She knew that would
totally break me, to be humiliated in front of our neighbors and friends.

That was how we got started. It's been a year, and other than my own hands I
haven't been able to get off any other way. She finds knew ways to dominate and
humiliate me everyday. They are a lot more physical now, but that's another
story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





