BDSM Library - Squeens




Squeens
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In the year 2050 the all-female government is taking steps to eradicate various forms of male crime.  The Department of Behaviour Correction has begun training Squeens, or smother queens, to punish errant men by humiliating them and sitting on their faces.
Squeens

Julie was a "Squeen".  It was an abbreviation for "smother queen" but because of
the ease of use, the shorter term had gradually replaced the official title and
was now in common use.  Squeen was the second highest rank in the vice squad of
the Department of Behaviour Correction.  All of the major divisions were headed
by a woman of that rank.  Julie was in charge of the Training Division,
nicknamed the Smother School.  Julie's primary task was to train Squeenettes,
but in doing so her division was able to lend assistance to the Punishment
Division, as the Squeenettes under training were generally adequately equipped
to perform that function.  Once trained the squeenettes would then be posted to
various positions within the organisation.  The more junior ones tended to
remain here at headquarters, administering sentences handed down by the judges,
but the senior squeenettes patrolled by themselves in  pairs and had the power
to arrest and charge offenders, and even to dish out on-the-spot smotherings for
minor offences, though they also needed the ability to handle large crowds as a
result of that.  Today was the first day of the new training cycle, and Julie
had six new squeenettes to train. 

By the year 2050 men had been completely subjugated under female rule, and
gradually the government had taken steps to stamp out what they considered to be
the most serious male crimes.  Despite this, men persisted in committing these
offences and thus the judicial system had been adjusted to deal with them.  For
her six new squeenettes she had selected six minor offenders to be dealt with,
plus one prisoner who was serving an extended sentence.  He was her
demonstration model. 

She lined up the new girls, and viewed them with satisfaction.  They were a fine
bunch indeed.  All of them eighteen and fresh from school.  They would be much
easier to train than older recruits who sometimes found it difficult to adjust
from their more intellectually demanding jobs.  As men were permitted only
manual jobs now almost all of the clerical and professional tasks were performed
by women, the rest being done by trusted, feminized men, though never in senior
positions.  All her squeenettes were dressed in the regulation uniform of the
smother school.  None wore shoes, all wore socks of ankle length.  Their legs
were bare until the upper thigh, where the plain grey miniskirt began.  The
midriff again was bare, above which their breasts were suspended in a very brief
bikini top, covering little more than the nipples.  Breast smothering was not
covered until later in the syllabus, but she started to assess their potential
from the start.  Not all squeenettes were suitable.

Julie made her way along the line, to greet the girls one by one.  The first was
Fiona.  Fiona was blonde, with a rather narrow waist, but wide hips, and an
oversize bust.  She was a very well developed girl.  "Good afternoon Fiona,
welcome to the smother school.  I trust you have settled in to your
accommodation?".  Fiona said that she had and everything was fine.  "Now, please
turn round so that I can inspect your assets".  Fiona turned smartly through 180
degrees, presenting her large bottom to Julie.  The uniform skirt was just
barely covering the cheeks.  Julie lifted Fiona's skirt and ran her hands over
the smooth flesh, muttering her approval.  She was pleased to see that Fiona had
remembered to wear the regulation knickers.  It was a tight white thong,
disappearing into the cleft half way down.  "How long have you had these
knickers on?".  "Since the morning ma'am".  All punishment sessions took place
in the afternoon.  This was to ensure that the knickers worn had had sufficient
time to be ready for the punishment.  It was a government requirement that the
punishment be standardised, so all men were subjected to the same length of
knicker use before they were punished.  Knickers were always clean on that
morning.   The only exception to the afternoon rule was for minor offenders who
were being cautioned.  They were done first thing in the morning with a fresh
pair of knickers.  It was a warning of what would happen if they went on to
commit more serious offences in the future.  When she had turned Fiona back to
face her again Julie explained "Fiona, I think that you are overqualified to be
a basic squeenette.  Your bottom is magnificent and I think that you will be
suitable for immediate promotion to Lance squeenette, which will qualify you for
more advanced smotherings.  I will see to it at the end of the session".  Julie
proceeded along the line, examining each squeenette in turn, and verifying their
knicker times individually.  Most of the girls were a little damp, partly with
the anticipation of what they were about to do.  Michaela, a rather petite and
pretty brunette, didn't sound convincing, but after Julie had had a brief sniff
of the front of her panties, and then inserted a finger and finding her to be
rather wet inside, she decided that all was in order. 

With the inspection and greeting over, Julie opened the door into the much
larger classroom, where the offenders were waiting.   Standing lined up against
the far wall were six very nervous looking men.  On the floor in front of them
were six soft mats.  All were naked, save for a rather brief pair of grey
panties.  Yes, panties.  They were not allowed an ounce of dignity in here.  The
mats were not for the comfort of the offenders, but to ensure that the girls did
not hurt their knees.  As Julie proceeded through the door, the seventh offender
fell into position behind her.  George was serving a month in smotherprison for
what he had done.  Julie had selected him for this role because he was trusted
not to attempt to escape.  It was so tiresome trying to demonstrate using
offenders who were required to wear handcuffs and in some cases knicker-gags. 
George took up his place.  At all times, unless instructed otherwise, he was
required to keep his face pressed firmly into her bottom.  It required quite a
feat of manoeuvring, and he had had to perfect the art of walking rapidly on his
knees, but he was rather good at it.

Julie proceeded to allocate the squeenettes to their offenders, and as she did
so gave a brief summary of what they had done.  "Fiona, to number one, Giles. 
He was caught masturbating in the ladies changing rooms at the tennis club.  He
had a pair of used tennis panties over his face at the time."  Fiona marched
smartly up to Giles, stood in front of him, fixed his gaze (his lower lip was
trembling), then pointed with one finger directly to the floor.  It was standard
procedure.  The squeenettes had to learn all of this in their pre-course
reading.  At the cue, Giles took up position on the mat, face upwards.  Fiona
swung round and stood astride his abdomen, hands on hips, staring straight
ahead, motionless.  On the floor Giles looked nervously up under her skirt.  He
could see the thin veil of her knickers, which was all the protection which he
had from what was underneath.  And he didn't relish the prospect of having to
breathe through them either.  Next up was Jenny.  Tall, red hair, slightly
chubby bottom.  "Jenny, number two.  Keith.  Keith is a peeping tom.  He was
found peering through the window of the dormitory block at the ladies college." 
Jenny marched over to Keith and went through the same routine.  Michelle took
number three, Nigel.   Nigel was a flasher.  He had exposed himself to three
girls returning from a club.  After they had finished laughing at the size of
his willy they detained him and raised the alarm.  He was arrested immediately. 
The squeenette patrol had first issued an on-the-spot smothering, in front of
the audience, before the senior lance squeenette had decided to arrest him
anyway.  What fun they had all had. Sarah was tall and dark skinned, with long
black hair.  She was very athletic, and had extremely firm buttocks.  Julie
could see other potential for her too, and wondered whether promotion should be
on the cards.  Sarah took number four, Conrad.  Conrad had been found hiding
under the staircase in an office block, looking up the skirts of the women going
about their business, passing up and down the stairs.  Brunette Kelly took
number five.  Victor was caught during a routine search with fourteen pairs of
used knickers in his bag.  He still hadn't explained how he had come by them. 
The interrogators may have to be called in on this one.  His sentence could
still be increased.  Karen, also blonde but much more petite than Fiona, took
number six, Colin.  Colin had been found with porn.  It was very scarce these
days as none had been openly produced for over twenty years.  Of course it was
now illegal.  Colin's porn featured girls being spanked by men, considered an
aggravating factor by the judge.  He was lucky to escape without a custodial
sentence. 

"OK girls, let us begin.  Now, descend first to your knees and sit across his
abdomen,  Good.  Now slide back onto his chest...OK....pause...now place your
bottom firmly on his face.  Excellent.  Hold..keep holding...up.. three seconds
to breathe...down.   Count to thirty.  Slowly.  Up..three..down".  George
followed the proceedings very closely as Julie demonstrated the procedure on his
own face.  "Right, that is the basic smother.  If ever you have difficulty with
any other routines you always have that one to fall back on.  Now, let's
repeat".  The girls went through the routine, this time without Julie to prompt
them.  She just sat on George's face the whole time.  George lay obediently,
breathing whenever permitted fresh air, otherwise being content with that which
had been filtered through Julie's knickers.

"Next we'll do the advanced rear smother.  Stay with your bottom on his face. 
Now this time I want you to wriggle.  That's it, side to side, round in a
circle, but keep your bum on his face.   Excellent Michaela.  Now pull your
cheeks apart like so."  As she did so George's nose slipped into the crevice
between her buttocks.  Under Fiona's huge bottom Giles found this part rather
unpleasant.  His nose was right up her bum now.  It was awful.

"Ma'am", called Jenny.  Jenny gestured towards the front of Keith's panties. 
Julie got up and went over, the acrobatic George shuffling frantically after
her.  Keith had come in his pants.  Julie donned a pair of rubber gloves and
gingerly removed the garment.  His limp semi-erection came into view, white
fluid still dribbling from the end.  "Well, he'll have to do without then, won't
he?  Now girls, I should take time out to train you in how to deal with
erections and other accidents which will happen from time to time."  She made
her way over to where little blonde Karen was perching her slight frame on top
of Colin, the porn merchant.  "Now girls, offenders are not allowed to maintain
erections during punishments, lest they begin to enjoy themselves, so if your
offender develops a hard-on while you are sitting on him you must take steps to
deflate it at once.  The easiest way to do this is to procure ejaculation
promptly.  Let me use Karen and Colin to demonstrate."  Julie instructed Karen
to bring her full weight to bear on Colin's face and swing her feet up so that
they were on either side of his crotch.  "Fortunately for Colin, Karen is not
very heavy.  Now, you mustn't touch the penis - they do enjoy that and you don't
want to get your hands dirty.  I prefer to use yesterday's panties.  Wrap those
round and give a few jerks.  It usually doesn't take very long.  Most of the
time, however, you won't have a pair of dirty knickers to hand, so you can use
your socks instead."  As shown, Karen fished Colin's stiff cock out of the front
of his grey panties, then clamped her feet around the shaft and began to pull it
up and down.  As she did so the motion caused her bottom to rub firmly against
his face.  In no time Colin began to jerk as thick white fluid dribbled from the
end of his rapidly wilting cock.  Karen then removed her socks, which were now a
bit sticky on the outside, and resumed position, awaiting further instruction. 
Julie was pleased with the demonstration.

"OK girls, next we'll change round and learn the front smother.  This one is
very straightforward.  Bear in mind that you will have to glance back over your
shoulder from time to time in case he gets a stiffy on the sly while you're not
watching him.  Some of them even dare to masturbate when not being watched. 
Right, kneel astride his head, pull your knickers up tight...and down.."  George
lay obediently motionless beneath Julie as she sat for a good five minutes,
watching the squeenettes practising the latest move.  Then she noticed Kelly. 
Kelly was gently rocking forwards and backwards on Victor the knicker-sniffer. 
Her head was thrown back and her eyes were closed.  Victor's face was getting a
good pounding.  Julie stopped what she was doing and beckoned to the others to
do so too, and watch Kelly.  Presently Kelly let out a high squeal then began to
shudder.  She then sat motionless for a few moments before opening her eyes and
becoming immediately embarrassed at the sea of eyes watching her.  "Er, sorry I
er.."  "You've just come haven't you girl?"  "well....yes Ma'am, I did."  She
waited nervously for the reprimand, but it didn't come.  "Excellent, well done. 
Can we see?."  Sheepishly Kelly raised herself from her position on top of
Victor and lifted the front of her  grey miniskirt.  Her panties were soaked. 
She pulled them to one side and the glistening moisture was quite obviously
dripping from the front of her, onto Victor's very sticky face.  Julie, pursued
hotly by George,  came over and slipped a finger inside.  Kelly yelped.  "Oh
sorry darling, is your cunt still a bit sensitive?"  It was and Julie took her
finger out again.  "That, girls is one of the advantages of the front smother
positions - you can get yourself off if you want to, while he suffers.  Unlike
the offenders, squeenettes are fully entitled to have orgasms while on duty and
we actively encourage them to do so, especially if it makes a mess of the
offender's face in the process."

Time was running short now for this training period and Julie had to bring it to
a close.  She had the girls all stand, followed by the offenders who were
smartly marched from the room.  All that remained for today was to explain the
points system.  Each offender was given a score by the sentencing squeen.  Once
they had earned a similar number of points from the correction system they were
moved onto a suspended sentence, which automatically expired after thirty days
if they did not reoffend.  A standard smother session would earn fifty points,
but they could gain extra for various occurrences.  There was a bonus for a
heavier squeenette, and a scale for non-standard knicker strength.  They lost
points for any misbehaviour and for unauthorised erections and masturbation.  If
the squeenette had cause to fart while sitting on their face then they got a
very large bonus.

Having concluded the session she had George taken back into custody and
dismissed the trainees.  She beckoned Fiona over and had a good fondle of her
large bottom as she began to explain in detail what she wanted her to do to the
trembling miscreant who was chained in the holding cell behind the training
room.  As the trainer's hands were groping her arse, Fiona's own fingers drifted
inadvertently down the front of her knickers as she contemplated the delicious
prospect of what she was going to have do to that poor man.

To be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Strinian


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





