BDSM Library - Daneburgh Priory




Daneburgh Priory
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Threatened with the sack for being abusive and disruptive in the office, Ernie and Erica are given one last chance to work together on an undercover job. However, their cover is blown and the pair are captured and brought into the sadistic world of the Priory.
Daneburgh Priory

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF MM WS NC Rp Rom

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Synopsis

Threatened with the sack for being abusive and disruptive in the office, Ernie
and Erica are given one last chance to work together on an undercover job.
However, their cover is blown and the pair are captured and brought into the
sadistic world of the Priory.




Daneburgh Priory

by obohobo

Copyright Obohobo 2003



Chapter One. Almost sacked

ERNIE! ERICA! MY OFFICE NOW!! The chief editor's voice boomed across the office
silencing the altercation between two younger members of staff. Everyone else
had already stopped work and was listening to the invective the two junior
employees were hurling at each other. Both knew their jobs were on the line.

"Sorry Sir," muttered Ernie as they entered the office, "I did all the research
for the article and she was going to write it up and get the credit."

"I did as much work on it as you did," Erica retorted, "You just trolled the
Internet. I went and.."

"She...."

"Silence the pair of you. Enough is enough. Both of you have done nothing but
squabble ever since you came here, what was it? Six months ago? Less than week
back, I had you both in here for a similar incident and I told you quite clearly
what would happen if it occurred again, didn't I?"

"Yes Sir," Ernie answered, "But do you have to sack both of us? Without her
interference I would get on just fine."

"And so would I!" Erica stated vehemently.

"Firing one without the other would leave me wide open to discrimination charges
and while they probably wouldn't stick, I can do without the hassle. I need
people who can work as a team here. People who will pull together, help each
other and not turn the place into a bloody battlefield. This morning's little
set-to stopped everyone working for ten minutes or more. Even now they are
probably discussing what it happening here and not doing what they ought to be
doing. Some of them I'm sure, watched you with some amusement, others with
disgust and some no doubt were wondering when Chief was going to put an end to
it all and send you packing. The answer to that is now. Denise is already doing
the form that gives you the statutory fourteen days notice to terminate your
employment. With names like yours you should be a pair. An item. Not a
squabbling pair kindergarten brats." Chief paused and pressed the intercom,
"Have you the forms ready Denise?" On receiving the affirmative he asked for
them to be brought in. Chief signed and handed them out.

"Will you give me a reference?" Erica asked when Denise had left, "I've done
some good work here."

"Yes, but I will state quite clearly why you are leaving. I have my position to
consider as well," Chief replied, "If your college references were as honest as
they should have been, I wouldn't have employed you in the first place."

"Could you not give us one more chance, Chief?" Ernie asked, "As Erica said, we
have done some good work here."

"I agree you have. Both of you are talented journalists and this could have been
just the first rung on the ladder to a good career, but you have caused too much
disruption. Not just here but as I found out afterwards, at the college you both
attended. I gave you your last chance last time. I could understand it while you
were students and teenagers but you should have grown out that by now. You are
both twenty-one for heavens sake. Supposedly adults." Chief sounded totally
disgusted with them.

"Just give one of us a chance Chief please," Erica pleaded.

"I don't see how I can unless...." Chief paused. "Go and get a coffee while I
think about it." Ten minutes later Chief called them back in.

"I've had several snippets of information come in over the last few months and
this morning something a little more concrete. It could make a good under cover
story if you can get to what is behind it all. If it weren't for the animosity
between you, you would make fairly ideal under cover agents. You're young and
could pose as lovers."

"Yuk. Like hell!" Erica exploded.

"With a bitch like her?" Ernie queried.

"I only said pose. Not be lovers. Now if you will let me continue." Chief put
his hand up for silence. "You do have one thing in common. You're both into bird
watching, and I do mean the feathered kind. Both of you are members of the Royal
Society for the Protection of Birds and ...."

"She's into woodland birds whereas I study waders so our fields are well apart,"
interrupted Ernie.

"No matter. Either let me finish or get your hides out of that door. You wanted
a last chance and this is it. Few of your age would get a chance to do under
cover work any way. At this stage I cannot tell you much about it because you
might well blab if you decide not to undertake the work but it will involve you
living together in a tent, out in the wilds, pretending to be bird watchers but
actually keeping observations of another sort."

"I will not sleep with him! Not that arrogant bastard!" Erica burst out.

"Nor will I with that bitch! No way!"

"No, you won't actually have to physically sleep with each other, not unless you
wish to. You will have your own sleeping bag but in the same tent. Nor will I
condone him raping you, Erica. That would be treated as a criminal offense but
you would have to work together as a team. Help each other with the usual
camping chores. Both of you are familiar with that aspect of things. And because
there is always some danger in undercover work, you would have to work together,
as a team." Again he emphasised the last words. "I've a meeting with the
printers union for the next hour or so. Go away. Get out of this building and
discus it between yourselves. Either take the job on and if I think you've done
well together, I'll reinstate your employment, or you can work out your notice.
See me at noon with your answer. It must be both of you that agree. Not one or
the other. This is a two person job. Now get out of my sight."

*****

"Daneburgh Priory is set in a corner of land bounded on two sides by water. The
River Hazelum borders its eastern side. As you know, it is a major waterway
taking seagoing ships The Brent runs into it almost at right angles and forms
the southern boundary. At this point the Brent is nearly half a mile wide and
has extensive mud flats." Chief was explaining the position to them as the pored
over a large scale map. "On the Hazelum shore there is a jetty with deep enough
water to take the smaller coaster type boat and most of the supplies seem to
come in by that route. So do the personnel although they seem to be moved to the
priory at night, which again rouses our suspicions as to what goes on there."

After a long and bitter argument, they had finally agreed to a truce and to take
the opportunity of the undercover work.

"I know the area," Ernie remarked. "Quite a high seawall. Footpath along the top
along both riverbanks and a wide drainage ditch on the landward side. World War
II pill box on the corner which used to be accessible and was useful as a hide
for watching the waders but the doorway was bricked up a year or two ago. Had to
take a canvas hide last time I was there. You can't see much of the Priory from
the seawall, only the tops of a few chimneys. The gateway to the jetty is sealed
off with a high fence and a locked gate and so is the track from the jetty to
the house. A few walkers use the seawall footpath and I know other bird watchers
go there."

"Well, that's more information than I could glean from the map," Chief went on.
"A small road runs alongside the Hazelum to East Daneburgh and then about half a
mile from the village, turns sharply right to West Daneburgh a distance of
roughly two miles. Part of that road forms the north side of the estate. Both
this side and the western side boundaries are fenced with high wire fences and a
thick thorn hedge. The entrance is through some ornate gates that now have
electric controls, so my informant says. Very few cars or people seem to use
that entrance."

"So how do we get in?" Erica asked.

"That's your problem. I haven't been there. In fact as you can see, it's almost
off our patch. Ern may have more ideas. A Ken Shepton owns the farm next door.
The paper supported him in his battle with the authorities during the Foot and
Mouth outbreak so he's friendly enough toward us and I'm sure will allow you to
camp on one of his fields. His phone number is on the files."

"So far you have not said anything about what goes on in the Priory. It can't be
all above board or you wouldn't be sending us to look it over. Unless it is a
stupid hoax to get us out of your way for the next fortnight." Erica sounded as
if she was getting worked up again.

"We don't know very much, but it does sound as if they are not exactly as
religious as they ought to be. Or it may be they are worshipping a different
god. Might be sexual deviant things. For example, we know they are not all
friars or monks, there are some women there but they are never seen outside the
gates. Only occasionally are any of the friars seen in the villages and again it
is rare even for tradesmen to go into the building and when they do, only one
person shows them the work. None of the others are ever around. Sometimes an
expensive car is seen going through the gates at night but otherwise, as I said,
there are few visitors by road. People dressed in monk's habits come in on a
boat and leave by it. It's very mysterious, which is why we want to know more."
Chief related a few other small items of information but none shed any light on
what went on there.

*****

"Don't think because you are bringing a pint sized caravan instead of a tent,
I'm going to let you inside my knickers," Erica spat out the words.

"I thought we had a truce, Erica. I promised not even to attempt to rape you."
Ernie refrained from adding that he couldn't see anyone wanting to fuck a bitch
like her. She was attractive enough physically but had a spiteful tongue and a
way of demeaning people. "We both want to keep our jobs and although my caravan
is small, it will be better than sleeping in a tent. It has two beds, and
limited cooking and toilet facilities. It's not luxurious but I only bought it
to take on bird watching trips and I expected to be alone. Certainly if it
rains, you'll appreciate having a solid roof over your head, even if it is a
noisy metal one."

"Perhaps no one would come with you," Erica snapped then after a long pause,
"Sorry. Truce."

"First time I've heard her apologise," thought Ernie out loud he said, "I still
wonder what goes on inside that place."

"It's not a staging post for illegal immigrants for sure. They could bring them
in by sea but someone would have noticed them leaving the priory by road. The
gate is rarely opened and I doubt if they would stock pile immigrants in the
house. In any case, Customs have been on board the boats several times and not
found anything other than supplies and occasionally a few passengers that seem
to be legit. It's either drugs or sex or both," stated Erica confidently as
though she had inside information.

"Maybe, but from what little we know, there seems to be very few women in the
place."

It was two days since they left Chief's office and now they were travelling
across the county to Daneburgh Farm where Ken Shepton had agreed to allow them
to park on the site of some wartime gun emplacements. The surrounding buildings
had long since been demolished but the concrete base remained and Ken used it to
store the huge straw bales left after harvest until they could be sold. They
were gone now and the neighbouring fields were knee high with green barley.




Chapter Two. Meeting with Brother Patrick

"Give me your hand." Ernie stood on the path at the top of the seawall and
thrust his to Erica who was still struggling up the slippery damp grass slope.

It was dawn and there had been a heavy shower overnight. Not unusual for mid
May. Everywhere was wet although the weather was now clear and looked like it
should be a fine day. The rain drubbing on the small caravan roof had kept them
both awake for while but Ernie was glad he was inside the van and not in a tent.
Although she wouldn't admit it, Erica was too. She just complained of the noise.

The previous evening had been one of guarded silence until they began to discus
a plan of action for the morning. What should have been a consensus plan of
action turned into a raging argument with Erica wanting to keep their presence
secret and Ernie pointing out the caravan was conspicuous enough so they might
as well show themselves as genuine bird watchers. There was no consensus. Ernie
decided his way was right and declared he was going on the seawall at first
light to study the waders as the flood tide came over the mud flats. Pissed off,
Erica undressed and put on pyjamas in the tiny bathroom and went to bed. Ernie
just had a glimpse of one breast as she crawled into the bunk opposite and only
a few feet away from him.

"Brrrrr! Brrrrrr! Brrrrr!" Erica heard the alarm and opened her eyes to see
Ernie getting out of bed. Even in the dim light she could see the front of his
pyjamas were tented out. "Pervert!" she said to herself and then added, "I
wonder if he was thinking of me? Did I cause that erection?" Truth was it was
just Ernie's early morning piss hard. She watched Ernie through half-closed eyes
as put the kettle on and then went to the bathroom. While he was gone, Erica
took the opportunity to quickly don her clothes. She wasn't giving him any
chance look at her body and neither was she going to let him start this
investigation alone.

"Morning," Ernie greeted her on his return to the room, "You coming with me?"

"Well I wouldn't want you to get lost or anything, would I?" Erica sarcastically
replied at the same time noting his erection had gone down. She went to the loo
and found she could see through the space where the door didn't close tightly
into the bedroom. Ernie was lowering his pyjamas and pulling on his underpants.
This time she had a good if restricted view of his cock. It hung down limp but
bigger than the few others she had seen or felt.

Now, dressed in camouflaged outdoor clothing and Wellington boots, they made
their way to the seawall. Ernie suggested they take a longer but less steep
route up the seawall but mainly because he had suggested it, Erica went straight
up the slope. Unfortunately it was more slippery than she expected and by the
time she had almost reached the top, Ernie had arrived and was offering his
hand. Independent as ever, she refused to accept it. It was her undoing. Her
boots slipped and as she slid back she made a desperate grab and gripped Ernie
around his ankles. Unprepared and slightly off balance, he tumbled over and
rolled with her down the to the base of the wall. Ernie found himself against
Erica's breasts with his binoculars pressed painfully into both their stomachs.

Infuriated and somewhat humiliated at having Ernie lying on top of her in a
rather compromising position, Erica started striking at his face with clenched
fists. "Get off me you oaf!" she yelled, "Get off you pervert!" As he lifted
himself Erica sent a punch to his balls. It connected but fortunately for him,
the power she could exert from her position, although painful, wasn't enough to
disable him.

"You bitch. This is your fault. You refuse my help and brought us both down!"
Ernie's anger rose. "Now you seek to blame me. No way bitch. You're the one
who's going to pay. I've had enough of your bitchiness, even if it costs me this
fucking job." Erica glared at him. She could no longer fight. Her wrists were
gripped in his hands.

"Get off me you fucking bastard!"

Ernie did but not in the way she expected. He lifted his body enough to flip the
woman under him face down on the wet grass and then sat down on her back, facing
her feet.

"Get off! Get off me fucker. Get off we have a job to do!" Erica's yells were
lost in the open countryside. They only served to scare away the birds they had
supposedly come to watch.

Calmly but with a heart full of anger, Ernie ignored her orders. "For once
bitch," he said to himself, "You are going to get the hiding you deserve. The
hiding you need. You've made my life hell for months now. I could have had a
better position in the office if it wasn't for you." These thoughts and more ran
through his mind as his hands pushed the elasticated waistband of her trousers
down to her knees. Feeling the cool air on her bottom, Erica renewed her
invective and included "Rape and rapist" amongst the other swear words. She
struggled but his weight on her back and now with his knees on her arms, she
could do little but yell. At this stage she wasn't going to beg. At dawn in that
lonely place only the birds and rabbits would hear her.

Still keeping his weight on her back, Ernie pushed her pink knickers down to
join the waist of her trousers at her knees. Erica's plump arse was now fully
exposed and Ernie wasted little time in changing its white colour to a livid
red. "Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!" There was no pause
between the blows laid alternately with right and left hand unheeding the
invective, and then pleading that came from Erica. "If I lose the job because of
this, so be it," Ernie muttered, "It will be worth it."

"Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!" Ernie laid on perhaps a hundred hard
blows until his hand became too sore and Erica was reduced to a sobbing wreck.
For a few minutes he continued to sit on Erica's back and allowed his hands to
feel the flesh he'd made so hot. Inwardly he felt a great sense of elation. The
bitch that has thwarted him for so long had last been made to pay. With some
reluctance, he pulled her knickers up causing Erica to cry out loudly as the
elastic scraped her sore bum and then again as he pulled her trousers up.

"You sodding fucking bastard, I'll have you in court for this," Erica screamed
at him as he started to rise.

Ernie promptly sat down again. "Listen Erica," he said quietly, "I can easily
bare your arse again and stripe it with the strap from my binoculars. Even if
you take me to court, I wouldn't get any more for doing that so are you going to
behave?" The quietness of his voice alarmed his companion. It was more menacing
that his usual bouts of angry words. "Are you?" Ernie asked again. Erica merely
nodded. Inwardly she determined to get her revenge later.

He gave her a few moments to rub her arse through her trousers and wipe her face
with tissues, then, as she turned to head back to the caravan, took her wrist
saying, "We'll go the easy way up on to the top of the seawall and continue what
we set out to do."

"No," Erica started to protest, "It hurts to walk, you...."

"Shut it! We're walking." Ernie increased the pressure on Erica's wrist as he
pulled her along.

"Bastard," Erica swore but it was almost inaudible. "I'll get you later."

Unbeknown to either of them, the incident had been watched through powerful
binoculars from the woodland inside the priory fence. He watched as the couple
made their way slowly along the bank of the Brent, pausing every now and then to
look at birds on the shore. He watched until they were within a hundred yards of
jetty at the mouth of the Hazelum and, hiding his binoculars, called his dog and
set out towards the jetty.

"There's a monk walking his dog across the field," whispered Erica. Ernie turned
and waved. The monk waved back and continued to the gate blocking the bridge
crossing the dyke.

"Act like friendly bird watchers if you can," Ernie whispered in reply

"Good morning," he greeted them when the couple arrived at their side of the
gate. "You're up early. I'm Brother Patrick by the way."

"Good morning brother. I'm Ernie and this is Erica," Ernie introduced them.
"Early morning is the best time to watch the waders coming in on the flood
tide," he explained.

"Seen anything unusual?"

"Not yet. Just oyster catchers and a few duck."

"A couple of cormorants bit offshore," added Erica.

"Should be a nice day for it. This mist is supposed to clear. Just down here for
the day?" Brother Patrick went on.

"No we're here for a week or ten days. Took an early holiday." The trios
continued to converse for five minutes before the dog seemed to get restless and
Brother Patrick decided that he'd best get back. "Prayers in the chapel in a
short while," Brother Patrick remarked as he left.

Once they were on their own again, Ernie and Erica tried to analyse what they
had learned. It wasn't much. About twenty monks lived in the Priory so they'd
been told and it was a secret and strict order. "What I can't make out," Erica
said, "If they are such a strict and secret order, why did he go out of his way
to speak with us. It must have been to check us out. He was quite adept at the
way he wormed the information out of us even if it was information we wanted to
give him and not the truth."

"And his replies are not necessarily true either," Ernie pointed out. "We need
to get over that dyke and I know the way to do it. For today though, it might be
best if we stay on or around the seawall. It could be that supplies will come in
on the high tide which is about ten this morning."

Nothing came in at high water and now the mud flats were covered most of the
birds had disappeared, "Let's return to the caravan and have a late breakfast,"
suggested Ernie, "I'm starving."

"And I'm fucking sore," Erica added bitterly.

"I'll put some cream on for you."

"Like hell you will!" responded Erica vehemently.

"I said, I'll put some cream on for you," Ernie repeated quietly.

"Like hell." Erica's voice was much quieter and less certain this time.

"Acraflavine ought to be okay don't you think?" Ernie asked once they had
removed their outdoor jackets and had put the kettle on. Erica had let out an
involuntary cry as she sat on the relatively hard seats in the van.

"I'll put it on myself if you don't mind."

"I do mind Erica. Now drop your trousers or I might just decide to warm your
arse a bit more instead of cooling it off. If it is any consolation, the punch
you landed on my balls still hurts and you can rub some cream on them if you
wish. That would be fair. I soothe the pain I made on your arse and you soothe
the ache in my balls."

Erica knew her sore buttock muscles would not allow her to run away. Walking was
bad enough. She also realised he was far stronger and could probably force her
to submit if he wanted or was angered enough. Trying to keep some control
without pushing him to spank or hurt her again, at least until she had a chance
to escape or get her own back, she answered, "You just want to make me horny so
I can't resist taking your cock in me."

"I promised not to rape you. That was a promise I will keep. However, if you
wish to have sex, I won't object." For a fleeting moment, Ernie reflected that
last night he wouldn't have touched the bitch with a barge pole. "Now bend over
the table." Offering only token resistance and again threatening court action
when she got back, Erica allowed herself to be draped over the table and for
Ernie to lower her trousers and knickers.

Sitting as he was on the caravan side seat, Erica's highly coloured arse was
level with his face. He could see her cunt and smell the aroma emanating from
it. Very gently he applied the cream. "Well I can see you're not a natural
blonde," he laughingly commented on the dark bush covering her mound.

"Just put the cream on and let me get my trousers back on," snapped Erica, "No
need to make a meal of it."

However, the sight and smell before him caused Ernie to become aroused, his cock
hardened and he was loath to cover the sight before him. He took his time
massaging the cream into not only the sore skin but into the areas around.
Despite her best effort not to become stimulated as well, Erica's sex moistened
and each time his finger 'accidentally' touched her clitoris she gave a groan an
involuntarily opened her legs slightly. Ernie took this as a sign and rubbed her
clit harder. Erica started to respond but then seemed to become aware of what
was happening. "Stop that! I knew you were a pervert!" However, there was not
the usual fire in her words. Ernie ignored her for a few moments, then, just as
she was working towards a climax he removed his hand.

"That should do for now," he said as he kissed the bum cheeks in front of him.

"You sod," Erica said quietly knowing he had deliberately stopped as she neared
her orgasm. "You can put cream on your own balls especially with that thing
poking out." It was obvious Ernie's cock was hard from the way his trousers
tented at the front.

"That's mean Erica, especially after I so kindly did your bum. Thought you might
have wanted to see the damage you had done." Ernie dropped his trousers and
pants and stood in front of her with his cock standing proudly erect.

"Pervert!" Erica repeated but didn't turn away, "If you're trying to embarrass
me with that pole, it won't work." Ernie cupped his right testicle. It was a
little tender and slightly swollen but really there wasn't any real cause for
concern. Certainly there was no necessity for cream nonetheless he rubbed some
carefully in. Erica watched. She tried to appear disdainful but truth to tell
she was fascinated by his prick. It was far bigger than any she had experienced
not that she had experienced that many. Although her cunt was very wet, her
pride prevented her from taking his cock into it.




Chapter Three. Making up time

"They seemed to know what they were talking about Brother William. Still I felt
there was more to them than the told me." Brother Patrick had relayed what he
had seen to his superior.

"And the girl took the spanking without too much fight?"

"Yes, Brother but Ernie had her well pinned down."

"And when they came back after lunch they walked the wall again right along the
Hazelum to our northern boundary and then turned back without showing much
interest in the woodland further on?"

"Yes, Brother but they kept turning their binoculars towards us and the house."

"Keep an eye on them Brother Patrick. Make sure on of the staff watches them all
the time. See if you can get their vehicle number and I will get our Brother in
the Met to check it out. The caravan's well on view so have someone watch it all
the time. I particularly want to know if they leave around high tide. And if
they take an interest when the Bosmia Castle comes in the day after tomorrow.
See if they have visitors. See if you can meet them again when you walk the dog
this evening or in the morning." Brother William issued his orders knowing they
would be conscientiously carried out.

"Brother John's watching the van now and will radio in any movements. Seems they
might be cooking dinner. They don't seem too much like lovers but perhaps this
morning's spanking has something to do with that."

"You've done well Brother, take an hour off and enjoy one of the guests in the
cellar."

*****

"I still believe we were watched this afternoon," Erica reiterated for the
umpteenth time.

"I'm not disbelieving you Erica. All I'm saying is, I didn't catch the glint of
sunlight on the binocular lens that you saw."

"If they are watching us they will expect us to be on the seawall watching the
birds as the tide comes in again, especially as it is a fine calm evening. With
the right company it could be very pleasant to sit and watch the sunset."
Erica's voice indicated that Ernie wasn't the right company.

"Well if they are watching us, they'll expect us to be lovers as well as
twitchers. A young couple like us, living together in a small van would
certainly give them that idea. Unless they were really spies, which we are."

"You're pushing your luck, Ernie. You're never going to be my lover."

"You'll just have to act the part then. I suggest we stroll down to the jetty
and see if there is any activity to suggest a boat might come in on the eleven
o'clock tide. Then we come back and watch the birdies. It could be romantic with
the right woman."

"What like Marsha Green?" Marsha worked in the sports section but was now very
much overweight.

"Yes, at least she has a personality."

With more bickering, they sauntered along the seawall. No activity at the jetty
but in the distance they saw Brother Patrick walking his dog. "He must have gone
out the main gate to get on to the seawall," Ernie remarked. "Let's go back a
bit and sit down. He may have a key to get in through the jetty gate or there
may be a way in we haven't thought of or seen."

With three hours of flood tide and an hour of good daylight left the
oyster-catchers, dunlin and a few geese were feeding noisily ahead of the
approaching water. Eric sat and Erica sat several feet away. Ernie moved in
closer and put his arm around her. She tried to shrug him off. "Act Erica.
Brother Patrick isn't going in the jetty gate, he's coming by here. No doubt
he'll want to chat and see what else he can find out about us."

"Do you think he was watching us this morning? Do you think he saw....?" Erica
broke off. Ernie knew it was a possibility. It could have been more than a
coincidence that he'd arrived at the gate at the same time as they did.

"If he did, then he'll possibly believe this is making up time." Ernie, seeing
Patrick approaching pulled Erica closely to him and again whispered, "Act the
part." Taking advantage of the situation, he kissed Erica fully on the lips. At
first she tried to pull away, but Ernie held her too tightly and then she began
to enjoy it. She tried to tell herself she was only acting but in her mind, she
knew that was only a fractional part of it. Their embrace was cut short by the
cold wet nose of a golden labrador trying to get in on the act.

"Come here Misty. You're a naughty girl," Brother Patrick reprimanded the dog,
"Sorry about that. She's a little too friendly sometimes. Nice evening. Seen
anything interesting today?"

"Nothing special," Ernie replied and the pair made small talk without gathering
anymore useful information. Erica was making a fuss of Misty who hadn't heeded
her master's command.

"How'd you get out on to the wall, Brother Patrick? Is there a way in and out.
I'd like to see what birds are in the woodland. That's my specialty. Ern's is
shore birds," Erica asked trying to appear innocent of the complete fence.

"Sorry, Erica. I had to come out of the main gate. Bit of a privilege really.
It's kept locked to keep outsiders out. We are quite a secretive brotherhood.
That's why the fence for most of the way round. Sorry we don't issue passes even
for attractive bird watchers." Calling again to Misty he bade them "Good
evening" and set off to complete his circuit of the perimeter fence.

"He was definitely checking on us," Erica fumed. "We've not had a sight of any
other monks not even within the grounds, yet he can go outside."

"I'm sure you're right. Thing is, do they suspect us or are they just keeping
tabs on us even though they think we are birders?"

For a while sitting watching the colours of the sunset, they forgot their
animosity and discussed the situation interspersed with bird talk as one or
another species came into view or flew over to roost in woods. The three-quarter
moon was bright in the sky when they stood up to leave. Erica complained that
her bottom was stiff and sore from sitting but wasn't overly bitchy about it.
"That makes a change," Ernie thought. Instead he suggested, "Why don't we wander
back to the jetty before we leave for the van, just to see if anything is
happening?"

"I doubt if anything is," Erica replied, "We'd have seen people on the track
from the house. It's nearly high water so it would have to come in the next hour
or so."

"We might as well check, seeing we aren't far away." Ernie took her hand as the
sauntered along the path. "We have to look as if we are lovers," he pointed out,
"That gives us a reason for being out in the moonlight. We might be being
watched." Everything was quiet. Not a soul about or so it appeared. In the trees
though sat a monk watching through night vision glasses. Unknowingly, Ernie was
right in his assumption.

Back in the van over a glass of wine, they discussed tactics. Ernie phoned
Roddy, the chief editor of the paper and gave him an outline of what they had
learned so far. "You two getting on together okay?" the chief enquired at the
end of the report.

"We've only come to blows once so far, if that is what you mean Sir," Ernie
answered with a grin. Erica quietly put on her pyjamas while Ernie was phoning
and was about to get into her bed. "I'll put some more cream on before you turn
in. It will soak in better overnight."

"It's not necessary!"

"Yes, it is!"

"You only want to play with me. Pervert!"

"You only want to appear reluctant to have me play with you!"

For some minutes the repartee went back and forth but soon Erica was bent over
the table with her pyjama trousers around her ankles. Sitting on the seawall for
so long that evening had roughened the skin a bit so it was red raw in places.
Around the edges the arse flesh was still a colourful hue. Ernie gently applied
the cream to the needful places and then turned his attentions to the crack
between her thighs and the little bud partly enclosed within. "That doesn't
require massaging, pervert." However there was no venom in her voice.

"Oh but it does dear. I'm stimulating the blood flow to the whole area to
promote holistic healing. It will also help you to relax."

"And when I'm relaxed you'll want me to massage your supposed injury, I
suppose."

"That would of course be the nice, friendly way of repaying me for the trouble I
am taking with you. For once Erica you could do me a favour."

"I might squeeze your nuts and make them worse."

"You might. We've got to start trusting each other a bit on this job so I'll
take a chance that you won't."

"Get your clothes off then. I'll decide when and if I'll hold you by the balls."
When Ernie was naked and lying on his back on the bunk, his cock again fully
erect Erica put her hand around his testicles and gently squeezed, "Now I can
get my own back," she laughed, "I could have you in agony before you could do
anything about it." She paused and then went on, "It's a good job I'm not in a
bad mood." Gently she rubbed the cream into his ball sack. It was totally
unnecessary as any swelling and pain had gone.

"Don't forget the holistic approach," Ernie reminded her.

"You just want me to wank you off, pervert."

"I'll do the same for you. I almost did just now." Erica flushed as she recalled
being close to orgasm a few minutes previously.

"We could do it both together complete with internal massage if you wanted."
Erica knew what he was suggesting. Putting her hands around the rock hard shaft
she pushed the foreskin back and forth a few times. The sight of his large
weapon and the musky smell it was giving off, aroused her but she wasn't
intending to be taken advantage of, at least not just yet.

"I knew you just wanted to fuck me. You just want to have your wicked way with
an innocent young girl. Perhaps I should get more pleasure from cracking your
nuts" She crushed them playfully to prove her point, causing Ernie to cry out.
"But I may get more pleasure if I do the fucking." With no further comment,
Erica stepped out of her pyjama trousers and straddled his cock. She'd decided
to use his cock for her pleasure. She would make herself cum without overly
arousing him and stop before he ejaculated. She would have her fun but not allow
him his. "Pay-backs are great," she thought to herself.

Ernie wasn't expecting this turn of events. From his prone position he could see
the slit of her cunt partially hidden in a mound of dark hair and already
smeared with her juices and the ointment he'd applied to her bottom. Supporting
her bum with his hands and elbows, he eased her cunt slowly on his cock until it
was fully embedded in her vagina. For several minutes, Erica just sat there.
Unmoving. Feeling the fullness of the prick tightly filling and stretching the
walls of her cunt, filling her more than any prick had done before. For those
few moments she forgot her purpose was to tease him. Ernie pushed upwards with
his hips but lying he could only lift he an inch but it was enough to return
Erica from her reverie. Rhythmically she lifted and lowered her cunt on the
impaling cock. Arousal pleasure overcame all other feelings. Forgotten now was
her decision only to prick tease him. Groans of pleasure escaped her lips. So
intense were her feelings she hardly noticed Ernie bucking to meet her downward
plunges, nor did she noticed him unbutton her pyjama top and fondle her breasts
until he squeezed a nipple a little too hard. Almost playfully she smacked his
hand away as she continued to thrust on to him.

Before she realised it was going to happen, Ernie has shot his load inside her
but she was able to climax herself before his cock deflated and she collapsed on
top of him. Semi consciously Erica felt the blanket being pulled over her as
their sweat-drenched bodies began to cool. Sometime later she crawled into her
own bunk. Ernie was asleep and two in the one narrow bed was not a comfortable
option. For a while she lay thinking over what happened. There was no fear of
pregnancy. When she started on her journalistic career she half suspected she
might have to sleep with her editors in order to gain promotion. However, her
sharp tongue had not made that necessary and only one or two of her male
colleagues had even asked her out. What she was more concerned about was the way
she'd handed over control of her body. First in the morning when he'd spanked
her and later on the seawall, again when they had pretended to be lovers and now
when she had planned to be in control of their fucking, she'd lost it too. "But
it was the best fuck ever," she told herself, "Maybe I should stop fighting him.
That pole of his gave me so much pleasure. I'll have to have it again even if I
am a bit sore."




Chapter Four. Background information

"We need to call in on the Shepton's and see if we can take up their offer to
use their shower and go into Hazelbridge and pick up some groceries," Ernie
stated at breakfast. The previous evening's activity hadn't been mentioned
although both of them were still in their pyjamas and Erica's top had only one
button done up. She knew the almost complete view of her breasts had again
aroused her partner but her vagina was still tender, pleasantly tender.

"I think we should also pay a visit to the harbour master's office to see if
they have any idea of when the boat is likely to arrive here. Even if it's not
part of the dock they control they probably keep an eye on what happens at the
jetty."

"Good idea."

"That's a change," thought Erica, "Yesterday he would have poo-pooed the idea
and then restated it as if he'd thought of it."



"Come on in," Marjorie Shepton greeted them, "The bathroom's through there.
Water's piping hot. You've half an hour before the men come in for breakfast. I
expect you're used to showering together and we're broad-minded country folk.
You're not bird watching today? Seen any of the old monks? Bit weird the way
they dress. Hope you haven't eaten breakfast, there's always more than
enough...." Plump, down-to-earth Marjorie babbled on without ever waiting for an
answer as she ushered them into the bathroom.

"After last night I guess it won't hurt if we shower together especially if we
only have half an hour." Ernie shucked out of his clothes and started the
shower.

"Whatever happened to the gentlemanly, 'Ladies first' routine?" Erica asked
seemingly put out.

"Where's the lady?" Ernie quipped and received a punch on the arm for his
trouble. Still somewhat hesitant and uncertain about touching Erica's body, not
knowing if she would suddenly 'do a gooly' to use his expression for her going
berserk, he soaped a sponge and washed her back, then passed the sponge for her
to do his. "Close your eyes," he suggested when it was his turn with the sponge
again. At least she was sensible enough not to bother with make-up on a trip
like this. He continued washing her front and paid special attention to her
breasts and pubic area.

"Can't you control this thing?" Erica asked as she knelt and washed his semi
erect prick.

"It has a mind of its own when a pretty girl handles it," Ernie laughed.

"Oh so I'm pretty now am I? You wouldn't have said that a week ago. I was just a
bitch then."

"And I was just a perverted bastard." With her lips so close to the now very
clean prick, Erica succumbed to the temptation to give it a little suck but
hardly had the end entered her mouth when Marjorie banged on the door and
announced, "Breakfast in five minutes."

*****

"Any news Brother?" Patrick enquired of his senior.

"Yes, and it confirms they are snoopers. Their vehicle is registered to an
Ernest Green who works for the Shire Press. His companion is Erica Cohen who
works for the same paper. When I phoned the office, I was told they were both
out on assignment. The receptionist girl said she didn't know what the
assignment was and had no means of contacting them. Apparently only the Editor
could do that. They are both bird watchers though so that would be a good cover
for spying on us. Keep a good eye on them and if the manage to get inside the
fence, let them get close to the house before capturing them."

"Will we be able to interrogate them, William? That Erica is attractive in a
dominating sort of way. It would be great to make her sing under the lash. And
I'm sure some of the brothers will enjoy a piece of Ernie's probably virgin
arse."

"I certainly hope so, Patrick," Brother William answered but we'll have to be
careful. We won't want a hue and cry over it."

*****

"And how many ships can you handle at Hazelumbridge port at any one time,
Captain?" Erica smiled sweetly at the harbourmaster as they stood in front of a
large wall map of the port.

"Six, four at Neptune Quay and two at the new West Quay but we rarely have more
than four in at a time. The last part of the river is still a bit tortuous until
we get the channel dredged next year."

"What about this other quay? Don't you use that?" Erica pointed to the Daneburgh
Priory jetty.

"That's Brent point. Nothing to do with us Miss. The Priory monks own it. It's
just a small jetty built by the navy in the war to moor their minesweepers and
other boats close to the entrance to both rivers. Not big enough for the ships
we handle."

"So it's not used now?"

"Yes it is, but only for the weekly boat that brings supplies to the priory. The
Bosmia Castle comes in Wednesdays, usually at night and stays for one tide. Not
much else uses the jetty as far as we know."

"They don't get their supplies locally then?"

"No Miss, they all come by boat from the west country. Lot of odd-bods live in
the Priory. Supposed to be a retreat but some talk about it being a secret
society."

*****

"Hi Chief. Did you find out anything?" Erica spoke into her mobile phone. They
day had passed pleasantly but had not got them any further in finding out more
about the monks and the goings on at the Priory. She'd been pleased that Ernie
had allowed her to interview the harbourmaster alone and afterwards she
communicated her findings to her editor and asked him to see what information he
could dig up on the Bosmia Castle.

"Well there's definitely some sort of story there but I'm not sure if it isn't
going to be more than you two wild cats can handle."

"You can't pull us off it now, Chief, our jobs are at stake."

"I'm beginning to suspect that might be the least of your worries. You hear me
out and then decide. Okay?"

"Yeah Chief, but we're not giving up on this one. Something is definitely going
on there."

Chief noted for the second time in the short conversation she had referred to
her and Ernie as a pair. 'Our jobs are at stake'; 'we're not giving up on this
one.' From his earlier experience of them he would have expected the singular
'I'. "Things must have changed a bit," he thought but went on, "The Bosmia
Castle is based in Plymouth, which is several hundred miles by sea from you.
That aroused my suspicious mind. Why would they want to just take supplies all
that way by sea? I contacted the editor of the Plymouth Echo who put me on to a
freelance reporter who is investigating the other end of the pipeline. It took
some persuasion before he would give out anything but when I told him I had two
rookies poking about the Priory he told me to warn you to keep out."

"He wants the scoop to himself," Erica muttered.

"No Erica, I don't think it was just that. Hear me out. These so-called monks
have a small chateau in Brittany in rural countryside about 30 miles inland from
Roscoff where there are regular ferry sailings to Plymouth. To the outside world
the chateau seems to be a gathering place for monks going on retreat to
Daneburgh. They come from all over Europe particularly Germany except they are
not monks at all. They have no religious connections whatsoever. All the ones
Joe Spinks, the reporter, has been able to identify so far are rich, racist and
are known sadistic sexual deviants."

"I thought sex might have to come into it somewhere," Erica murmured.

Chief ignored the comment, "One who goes on retreat regularly is Baron Ernst von
Bregstein. He has a place in Bavaria and there was a bit of a scandal that was
hushed up a year ago. A girl was found in the local laundry van. She was naked
and had been whipped all over and had been repeatedly gang raped. The girl was a
young refugee from Kosavo. Apparently, she'd been bought by the Baron and kept
prisoner along with other girls. I won't give you all the details of what
happened but it was pretty horrific. The girl had managed to get in with the
dirty laundry and escaped that way. Afterwards four other girls were freed but
no charges were ever made. Money talked somewhere along the line."

"You think there are girls being held in the Priory for sadism, Chief?"

"Joe is certain that is so. Be very careful, the pair of you. Keep me well
informed before you do anything. Don't go in unless you are sure you can get
out. In fact I suggest you don't go in at all but even if I forbid it, I know
you'll decide to do it anyway, so heed what I have said. These people are
ruthless."

"We had intended to have a look inside in the morning, Chief. Ern thinks he's
found a way under the fence now the water level is down. We've only had the one
downpour in the past month. That was our first night here and the soil just
soaked that up. And the Bosmia Castle is due in tonight so we want to have check
on what happens there."

Chief wondered again if anything had changed in the relationship between the
two. Never had he heard Erica use the familiar 'Ern' name for her partner.
Previously it had always been Ernie and then only if she was being polite. More
frequently it was 'Him' or 'That Sod' or some other equally derogatory name.

"Let me know immediately, if you decide to go in and if anything unusual comes
off the boat. Take care. Don't feel you have to take any risks, in fact I'm
ordering you not to."

*****

Breakfast was well under way when they arrived at the Shepton's farmhouse next
morning. "You look like you've been up all night," Marjorie stated in her
forthright way. "You been bird watching or was it monk watching?"

"More likely they were just making the bed bounce for too long," Ken chipped in
amid laughter from the table. Erica's hackles began to rise but feeling Ernie
squeeze her hand, she remembered she needed to keep in with these folk.

"No, we stayed up and watched the boat come in but not much of a moon so we
didn't see a lot. Cloud kept coming over." Ernie answered. Speculation followed
as to what went on in the Priory but neither Ernie nor Erica revealed any of the
information Chief had given them. Although they went along the boundary to the
Priory quite frequently in the course of their work, none had seen any women. "I
reckon they're just a bunch of queers," Fred Holden expounded, "Stands to
reason, get all them men together where no one can see what they're up to, it's
bound to happen. It's a secret society of homos."

"How big is this place?" Erica asked, "From the wall, you can only see the tops
of a few chimneys. The building is hidden by trees."

"You ought to go and see John Harris," one of the other farm workers at the
breakfast table stated, "He was gardener when the old friars were there. Take
him to the Daneburgh Arms and buy him a pint or two and he'll tell you about the
place."

"You'll have to watch Erica," Marjorie laughed, "Even if he is eighty-eight, he
still tries it on with all the ladies. Wait till he's had couple of pints ask
him to tell you about how he had to get married. He'll give all the rude details
when his tongue is loosened by the beer."

Later than morning they did just that. John, a kindly, sprightly white haired
old man in his late eighties, invited them into his home and regaled them with
stories of the Friars and the work he did in the gardens. It was his photographs
of the place that interested Ernie and Erica most, especially as many were of
the kitchen garden and flower beds at the back of the house and showed the
servants entrances to the building. However, it was at the pub later he revealed
a little snippet of information the pair thought would be of great use. It was
hidden in a rather bawdy story of his early life.

"Me wife wuz a maid at the Priory when I first when to work there and I met 'er
a few times when I 'ad to take vegetables to the kitchen. I thought she wuz a
bit of orl right so I gave her the line and pinched a kiss or two. She didna
seem to mind even when I got a feel of her arse. It wasn't long before we began
to go out t'gether but them friars were pretty strict about us not being alone
together, at least not in their grounds. They didna have much control over what
we did outside, but they could threaten us with the sack. It was a pretty idle
threat though cuz at that time there was full employment and good workers were
difficult to come by. The old boilers were coal fed in them days and when the
coal came they took it through a small door at the far side, and half hidden by
a couple of trees. It had a padlock on but I found the key and filed another
that would fit so I could get into the coal cellar and from there up the back
stairs to Elsie's room. Spent a good few nights in her bed for some six months
until one of the other maids who I'd teased a bit too and knew she also fancied
me, split on us and the abbot came and caught us. I was good looking in them
days, not like the wizened old thing I am now and tried to get me end away with
all the girls. It was one of 'em days when everything seems to go wrong. Elsie
had just told me she was pregnant and we would have to get married. I wasn't
adverse to that as I had intended to ask her sometime anyways. She was crying a
bit and I was trying to comfort her, both of us starkers when the abbot walks in
and threatens to throw us out on the street, on the fields as it was around here
then. We both pleaded with him and we pointed out I was going to marry her and
that she was carrying a child. In the end he agrees cuz we were both good
workers but he says to us, "If I let you stay you will have to get married
within a month and you will have to allow us to castigate and scourge your sin
of fornication on holy premises out of you. Both of you."

"Neither of us knew quite what he meant by castigate and scourge but we wanted
to keep our jobs as we had enjoyed working there. So we agreed. We just thought
we get the cane or something. That was common enough in them days. I reckon I
'ad the cane a dozen times while I wuz at school. Elsie had 'ad the slipper.
Girls got theirs in the head's office by the lady teacher but us boys had to tak
ours in front of the class. We knew the friars were also punished at times but
we never saw it, nor knew what they were punished for. It didn't seem to happen
all that off'n but we knew when it had cuz the friar would be very gentle
sitting for several days. Elsie and me had off'n talked about why. One friar
just said it was pennytense or some such but didn't explain. We didn't think it
was for trying to get their cocks into the two maids or the old cook who were
the only girls in the place. Elsie said they never ever tried in on with her and
the other maid said the same. Everything was always very correct with them
friars.

Anyways, the old abbot didn't give us anytime together to discus it but I was
shoved out of the room and forbidden to enter the house even for meals until
after we were married except I had to be in the chapel at six a.m. on Sunday
morning. I gets there on time and Elsie is brought in and both of us are made to
kneel in front of the altar. The friars were singing their chants. Quite good at
it they were too although I know I hardly heard it. When they stopped the abbot
told us to pray for forgiveness and he was going to do the same for us. He
started a singing chant but as they wuz in churchie latin we couldn't
understand. All of them then took up a chant and there was incense and candles
smoking. Very theatrical. When it stopped I was led from the chapel into the
vestry and the door locked. Faintly I could hear the chants start up agin and I
thought I could hear yells from Elsie but couldn't be sure about the other
noise. It stopped for a while and then I was taken into the chapel. Elsie wasn't
anywhere is sight.

"Kneel over the table," the old abbot told me. It was low and solid and when I
did a belt was put round me to hold me down. The singing stuff started again. "I
am now going to ask God to bless this instrument for the deliverance of your
sin." He put it on a Bible in front of me. I ne'er seen anything like it. Looked
like what I 'eard an ol' fashion birch looked like but this one was more like
six riding crops in one handle. It looked fearsome and I wondered then if Elsie
had had the same. Abbot continued to spout in his lingo and then the 'scourge'
as they called it was taken up by Friar Michael and the Bible moved. "John
Harris with this scourge we will expiate your sins. You will receive eight
strokes, the same as the other sinner." Abbot told me in english and then they
began to chant. My trousers and pants were pulled down so my bum was bared to
all. Again I wondered if they had done that to my Elsie. I never felt pain like
it. Friar Michael laid it on hard. Lines of red-hot fire crossed my arse. I
didna think I could tak eight like that but I had to. I know I yelled and
screamed and swore but it made no difference.

When it was over, I was helped up and half-carried out of the chapel to my
cottage. I never see'd Elsie agin to the following Saturday when we were
married. All week I could only hobble about and for three days I didn't try and
sit. Cook told me Elsie was in much the same state but would be all right.

Can't be many couples that hobble down the aisle to get married with whip marks
across their bums. Elsie's was much the same as mine when we examined each other
later. They had bared her bum too but no one interfered with her sexually. It
was punishment pure and simple. The were fervent believers, not the queers that
we think are in there now."

Ernie had to surreptitiously move his cock to a more comfortable position and
Erica felt quite wet between her thighs by the end of the story. They tried to
get some idea of the inside layout of the place from John but it seemed as if
his mind was well back in the past.

"One other odd thing," John went on just as they thought, he'd finished, "We had
that baby, a boy, but try as we might we never had another. We allus reckoned
Elsie's body reacted to the thrashing and decided if having a baby caused that
much pain it wasna going to do it again."




Chapter Five. Captured and punished

"That's not much more than a glorified air bed!" Erica exclaimed when she saw
the inflatable craft Ernie expected to cross the dyke on.

"Yeah, it will only take one of us at a time but if I paddle across with a line
and trail a line behind, you can pull it back and I can pull you across without
you having to paddle. It's quite handy for sneaking around reed beds when
there's no wind."

"If we have to make a hasty retreat, you're the one who is going to have to
swim."

Earlier they'd watched five monks board the Bosmia Castle along with some empty
crates. It sailed with the midday tide. Immediately the gates to the jetty and
the entrance to the Priory were locked. Everyone then seemed to disappear and
the area appeared deserted. Erica and Ernie decided to do a preliminary scout
while things were quiet in the early afternoon. Ernie insisted they phone Chief
before they set off. Erica had disagreed over the necessity of phoning, "We're
only going to have a quick look round and not into the house so we should be
able to talk our way back even if we get caught." It led to a bitter argument
reminiscent of their former days and was only partly resolved when Ernie grabbed
his partner and kissed her.

Stealthily they crept through the longer grass and reeds until the woods were
reached. So far all was going to plan. No sign of human life until they'd passed
through the woods and could see the house clearly. Lying under the under storey
cover they trained their binoculars on the two figures tending the flowerbeds. A
monk in traditional dress apparently was reprimanding a young lad dressed only
in a short cloth skirt and sandals. Tears flowed across the lad's cheeks as he
turned and knelt, head down, on the lawn. Through their binoculars, Ernie and
Erica could see the torment in the lad's face very clearly as he was made to
raise his arse a bit higher. From inside his cloak, the monk produced a single
tailed whip.

"Oh my God," Erica groaned quietly, "He's going to be whipped."

"Sshh, we don't want to be caught and on the receiving end of that as well,"
Ernie whispered, "We've just got to watch and get back when the coast is clear."

The monk lifted the lad's skirt to reveal his bare bottom already criss-crossed
with livid stripes. Again Erica let out a gasp. Both of them began to realise
they were getting into something that was deeper than they had imagined. While
they watched the monk raised the whip and brought it down hard across both
cheeks of the exposed arse. The scream that followed it sent chills through both
of the onlookers. Hardly had it died away before the next stroke landed. Another
line of fire crossed the unfortunate boy's bum. "Hold still boy!" The words from
the ruthless monk came clearly to the watchers, "I've not finished with you
yet!"

Two strokes later the lad collapsed which angered the monk who dragged him into
position again. After the sixth welt had decorated the tender flesh, the monk,
totally ignoring the pleas to stop, roughly examined his handiwork. Throwing the
whip to the lawn, he undid the cord to his cloak and produced a rock hard cock.
Without any preparation he forced it into the lad's arsehole and began to
vigorously fuck him. It was obviously a painful entry for the boy continued to
scream but this only served to incite the monk who continued to rape him hard
for several minutes. Even after the monk had filled the lad's bowels with semen
his ordeal wasn't over. As if trained to do so, the lad turned around, knelt in
front of the monk and took the cock that had so recently been in his arse, into
his mouth and sucked on it until the monk seemed satisfied it was clean. With a
gruff command the boy started work again.

Erica and Ernie were shocked by what they had seen. "We're going back," Erica
whispered. Ernie nodded.

"Yikes!!" Erica yelled. Then seeing what caused her to yell, "Get off Misty."

"So you thought you would trespass on our property and spy on us?" Friar Patrick
remarked coolly. "I hope you enjoyed what you just saw. Is it what you were
looking for? Or are you still maintaining you are bird watching?"

"We were curious as to this place, Friar Patrick, "But we'll go back now and not
disturb you again."

"No my dear, you came to see the place. Let me show you around. No need to hide
and spy in the undergrowth like B film detectives. Come into the house."

"That won't be necessary Sir," Ernie spoke, "We'll just make our way back."

"We promise we won't trespass again," Erica added.

"Unfortunately you won't be able to go back the way you came. Your little craft
seems to have run out of air. Perhaps the wire cut into it as you went under."
Both Ernie and Erica realised their inflatable had been sabotaged. "Now perhaps
you would actually like to see the Priory. After all it is why you're here,
isn't it?"

"No, thank you, Friar Patrick, I think we ought to be getting back?" Erica tried
to sound less concerned than she really was.

"You are coming with me." Friar Patrick's voice took on a harder tone. "This way
please." Patrick pointed the way with a whip similar to the one used by on the
boy. "Brother Henry, would you mind escorting us for a few moments please?"

Ernie looked around to see if there was an escape route but another monk was
already blocking the main path through the woods. "Perhaps I can dart around the
house and climb the gate," he thought and made a dash for it. He'd hardly gone
ten yards when Erica let out a tremendous scream. Friar Patrick had laid his
whip across her back.

"You bloody bastard, I'll sue you for that," Erica screamed at him but was
ignored.

"She'll get more if you try and run Ernie," Patrick shouted, "And you can't
escape either. You certainly wouldn't be able to scale the fence or gate before
we caught you. Hesitating a moment and looking back, Ernie saw Friar Henry now
held Erica's arms behind her back and Patrick was preparing to slice the lash
across her breasts. Reluctantly he walked back and took the sobbing Erica's hand
and followed the monk's directions into the building.

Inside, they were marched along a stone-floored corridor to a reception area
where Friar William awaited their arrival. "We meet at last," he remarked, "I'm
Friar William and I run this Priory."

"Then you are the one to tell these oafs to let us go," cut in Erica.

"I could Erica but unfortunately spies like you are not treated that way, nor
are they allowed to leave. You entered our domain illegally even though you were
warned not to. Now you must be interrogated, punished and sentenced. I believe
you saw a minor punishment earlier..."

"You don't intend to punish us like that surely? We're not your slaves. You
wouldn't whip a woman. It's inhuman treatment....." Ernie started but was cut
short when William reached for a large brass bell, which he rang vigorously for
several seconds. Almost immediately doors opened and people ran into the room.
Erica and Ernie just stared in horror as they silently lined up with their heads
bowed. Several monks entered too and stood around the room, watching.

"I think that answers your question. Take a good look, for after your
interrogation and punishment, you will become one of them." William's voice was
cold.

The pair stood speechless. In front of them stood ten girls and two boys all
wearing short skirts and sandals identical to the apparel the boy had worn
outside. All the girls were bare breasted. With one exception, they were all
young. All their bodies bore whip marks. "These are just the slaves that are not
actually working at the moment," Patrick explained.

Patrick moved behind the older woman, reached around her body and squeezed her
breasts until the bulged, forcing the stripes that crossed them to even greater
prominence. "We like to keep the tender parts of a woman really tender so they
respond quickly for our pleasure," he stated when the woman groaned in pain.
"This is slave Mary," he went on, "She too tried to snoop on our operation in
France."

"Oh my God, No!" Erica screamed, "You can't do that to us!"

"Oh but I can Erica, and more as you will soon find out. Both of you will find
out. Gone are the days when you could have a gentle fuck and be able to say no.
Now you will service us in any way we require or be thrashed until you do.
Either way we get pleasure from it."

"Oh my God, No!" Erica repeated tears streaming down her face, "Editor Evans was
right, this is a sadists cult."

"So you discovered that much before you came. You'll certainly get more
practical experience shortly." Turning to the slaves he ordered, "Lift skirts."
Almost in unison they did so. All bore whips marks across the front of their
thighs and between their legs. Even the men. Patrick took the prick one of the
boys in his hand. "Take a good look Ernie. This is what a prick looks like after
it's had a few strokes of the whip. Quite painful isn't it Martin?"

The boy grimaced and muttered, "Yes, Brother Patrick, it is."

"Turn and bend over," instructed William. Once again the group did as required.
Every one had recent stripes. On two of the girls some stripes went parallel to
their legs and disappeared between the thighs. Patrick pulled the bum cheeks of
one apart to reveal the whip had bitten into her slit. It was very swollen and
raw. "Slave Connie thought she could just lie and take a brother's cock without
doing any work. Don't you make that mistake Erica. Tell Erica what happened
after your cunt whipping Connie."

"I had to spend an hour on the bucking broncho cock, Brother Patrick," whispered
Connie. It was followed by a yell as Patrick's hand connected with her already
sore sex.

"Stand up slave and tell Erica clearly what happened. Speak loud enough for
everyone to hear." Patrick emphasised the words with another hard slap to her
cunt.

"I.. put on bucking broncho cock," Connie stammered, "It a machine train rodeo
riders. Has big cock sticking up on back. Cock put in and feet tied. Cock
couldn't leave cunt. Machine bucked me up and down on cock. Very violent Miss.
Hurt much." From the stilted language, Erica knew she was foreign and again
thought 'illegal immigrant' but that was the least of her worries now.

Ernie started to plead with his captors. Erica just sobbed. William crowed as to
how their bodies would shortly be criss-crossed with stripes at least as
painful. "It is always a pleasure to have unwilling new captives," he said, "I
do so love to see the whip mark unsullied flesh, I love to hear the screams and
begging as the whip bites and then to watch as our friends here sink their cocks
into your holes. Your arse will be raped Ernie as well as hers and of course
your mouths will be well used too."

Looking around, Ernie tried to see if there was any escape route but monks were
already positioned by the doors. Each had a whip and appeared ready to use it.
He wasn't given a chance to form a plan before William spoke. "Slaves, take this
pair to the interrogation room, strip them and string them up. Take their
clothes to the incinerator. Bring their personal effects to me" Immediately many
pairs of hands grabbed the pair and despite their struggles, they were dragged
and half-carried to another room. Minutes later the pair were naked and hanging
by their wrists, with their ankles spread well apart.

The monks filed in and sat on the three sides of the room facing the hanging
couple. The slaves knelt between the monk's parted thighs. They too faced the
pair. It was a strict rule in the priory. Slaves always have to watch when
another slave was punished. Even if they were only passing, they must stop and
watch and wait until the punishment was over before continuing. Often they had
to take a few extra strokes themselves and service the monk. This served to
reinforce any punishment they had previously received. Friar William entered,
sat behind a solid oak table and faced Ernie and Erica. "Spotlights, slave
Maureen." The slave quickly switched the appropriate lights on highlighting the
sweat that was beginning to pour from the victims' bodies and almost blinding
them as to their surroundings.

Erica was screaming. Alternately shouting obscenities and begging for release.
"Gag her for the moment," William ordered, "We'll hear her cries later but for
now I want her to hear what I have to say." Ernie tried to look around and see
if there was any possible escape however futile that might seem. All he could
see in the small amount of light reflected from him were the monks with their
robes now open and with either their hands on erect cocks or their cocks were
stuffed in a slave's mouth.

For a minute or two there was silence. Everyone waited for William to speak.
"Brothers and sister," William started, "You see before you, two journalists who
came here on the pretense of being birdwatchers in order to spy on us to get a
sordid story. Brother William did warn them not to trespass on our property but
they ignored his well-meant advice and secretly gained entrance under our wire
fence. As you all know we value our privacy greatly and we go to great lengths
to ensure no unauthorised persons enter this establishment. These two wanted to
expose what we do here for our pleasure to the whole world. They were going to
do this for a few sordid pounds. We have to ensure they will not do this again
or communicate what they have learned to the outside world. We also need to
recoup some repayment for the inconvenience we have been put to. We shall
introduce them at first hand to the pleasures and delights we take in having
them here. Our ways will no longer be a secret to them. Unfortunately for them,
they will not be able to pass them to others. Erica Cohen and Ernie Green for
trespassing on our property you will each receive twenty lashes of the whip,
well laid on to cover as much of your bodies as possible."

"Oh my God, No!" Ernie cried out. "We'll never survive that. It's barbaric. It's
.."

"Silence!" shouted William, "Gag him too. I haven't finished yet. That was only
the start of your punishment. However, you will survive it all. All of us are
experts with the whip and know how to cause the maximum amount of pain without
breaking the skin. None of the slaves you saw earlier had open wounds." Ernie
could no longer answer. "Afterwards and when our brothers and sister here have
had a pleasurable interlude with your young bodies, you will be interrogated.
You will answer our questions fully and truthfully. If we even think, you are
evading it, it will be your partner who receives the lashes. We're quite fair
with this and will question each of you in turn. Afterwards you will join the
general pool of slaves here until the ship comes in again and then we will ship
you to North Africa and sold to become slaves there. If you think your editor
will send a rescue party. Think again."

Erica was sobbing now and Ernie was fighting a losing battle to hold back his
tears. Brother William went on, "Say goodbye to your previous lives slaves. Now
you get the first taster of your future existence. I think Sister Klaudia will
take great delight in placing the lash on your body Ernie. Klaudia is from
Latvia. She was frequently punished by her stepfather and now hates all men
except when she can hear their screams. That way she feels it mitigates some of
the canings and rapes she had."

Klaudia stepped forward, whip in hand, and smiling, pushed her hood back. "It
will be a pleasure and an honour Brother William. I do like have a fresh,
unmarked canvas to paint with this deadly snake of mine. You can be sure I will
do a good job with it." For emphasis she cracked the whip loudly in the air.

"Brother Heinrik, we all know your hatred of English women after the way one
betrayed your mother to the Russians at the end of the war," Brother William
continued, "Would you care to caress our Erica with your whip?"

"A honour it vill be, Brother Villiam." Heinrik clicked the heels of his sandals
and bowed.

"Heinrik had to watch while his mother hung naked like you Erica and was
tortured by the Russians until she gave them information on the whereabouts of a
German SS general she had sheltered. It was an English woman who had informed on
his mother to the Russians." Brother William informed the others. "You may
commence the punishment, Sister and Brother. Let them suffer for invading our
domain and for our pleasure."

Klaudia shed her robe revealing a taut hard body. A tall, cold looking woman
with close-cropped hair and wearing matching black leather bra and knickers.
Gags were removed from the victims so their screams and pleas would be heard. It
was her whip that sang its song first catching Ernie across his shoulders
eliciting a loud scream which was soon accompanied by the clapping of the
onlookers. Klaudia laid three more across his back before concentrating on his
arse and the back of his thighs. No stokes crossed by each left a well defined,
vivid welt. By the thirteenth stroke, Ernie was a hysterical wreck. Never in his
life had he pretended to be a macho-man and he wasn't going to start now. The
pain was just too great. It was to get worse. Klaudia walked around to his front
and hit him twice across the front of his thighs. She paused and yelled for her
slave. "Hold his prick straight out. See if you can get him hard then grip the
knob and pull hard. If he pulls back so I hit your hand, you'll taste the whip
between your thighs." To Ernie she commented, "Yours might be bigger than most
but that just means there's room for more whip strokes."

Ernie was now pleading and crying but it was to now avail. The hard-faced bitch
in front of him was going to whip his sensitive penis whatever he said or did.
The young slave girl now had it in her mouth and was rubbing the shaft. It
hardened.

"Stand well back slave and hold tight. I want to get this whip to wrap right
around that shaft." Judging the distance nicely, Klaudia, to more applause from
the audience, did indeed wrap the whip end right around the shaft almost up to
the head. Ernie felt himself getting light headed but didn't pass out. The welt
that formed quickly encircled the girth of his prick. Three more followed until
almost the entire length was a raised blister. He fainted at the fourth but was
brought round with ammonia. The last two across his chest almost went unnoticed.

Through tear filled eyes he could see Heinrik was a little slower with his
treatment of Erica but it had been just as thorough. He'd started and the backs
of her thighs and her arse had received the bulk of the strokes but like
Klaudia's handiwork, none of the strokes had crossed each other although they
were very closely spaced. Erica's back only had the mark Brother Patrick put on
earlier.

Shedding his robe, Heinrik stood facing his victim a smile on his face and his
prick jutting forth. "Ya, engleesh girl, dis ist vaht they did ta my mama. They
her whipped and raped and den they did it again many times even ven they haf
information. Dey cut mama too wiv whip. Me not do dat. You get whip for many
years after. I whip front now so ven vi rape you feel it good."

Ernie watched helpless and still crying with his own pain, as Heinrik lashed the
whip across the front of his partner's thighs. Thereafter, in small increments
he gradually worked up her body, seemingly delighting in the excessive screams
caused by the pain he was inflicting. With five strokes to go, although Erica
had long ceased counting, Heinrik reached her breasts. "No! No! No!" Erica
screamed even though she knew it was futile. The next three strokes successively
caught the underside, the top and the nipples of her breasts. Erica fainted but
was brought round in time to see Heinrik readying himself to strike between her
legs. As the last two strokes struck along the length of her cunt and around to
her arsehole, she again passed into unconsciousness.

Heinrik didn't wait for her to come round. Immediately he rammed his prick into
the hanging girl's vagina and started pounding away. Soon a fellow brother who
inserted his prick into her arse joined him. Thus when Erica came round again
her sore body was being raped in two places at once. She could do nothing by cry
and scream with the pain.

Ernie's body didn't lack attention either. Klaudia had retired with a female
slave laving her clit but Brother Michael had inserted his cock without ceremony
into Ernie's virgin arse and was now pumping back and forth heedless of the pain
he was causing. Another Brother masturbated Ernie's cock, swollen, not from the
excitement of an erection, but from the whipping welts. Because of the pain, it
didn't rise further but the sadistic monk carried on rubbing hard.

Neither victim seemed to notice when they were taken down and laid on individual
mattresses. This, of course, was not to ease their suffering but to make it more
convenient for the Brothers especially those who wanted access to their mouths.
All their holes could now be used and they were. "A fine mess you've got
yourselves into," laughed Patrick misquoting from a Laurel and Hardy film as he
pushed his hard prick into Ernie's mouth. Soon his spunk shot to the back of
Ernie's throat but the softening prick didn't withdraw. "Drinkie's time now,"
Patrick said, "And you'd better drink it all down. You'll get used to the taste.
As a slave you will be expected to service any of the Brothers when the need
arises." Patrick's piss hit the back of Ernie's throat forcing him to choke and
swallow most of it.

As Patrick finished and finally withdrew, another Brother entered the raped
arsehole. Ernie lost count of the number of times it had been raped so far but
the stimulation of his prostate had, despite the pain, begun to stiffen his
prick too. Klaudia came over and sat on his face. "Time for you to service me,"
she stated, "Open that mouth of yours and get that tongue licking." Almost
without thinking Ern did so. At the back of his mind he wished it was Erica's
cunt he had to service in his little caravan. Klaudia though didn't allow him to
service her that way for long. "Keep your mouth open," she ordered and then let
forth a stream of her piss.

"Time's up. Everyone off," ordered Brother William, "Doc, will you see to them
and have them ready for interrogation in half an hour please. Slaves, take them
to the shower and clean the filthy pair."

Thirty minutes later, Erica and Ernie were once again hanging from the overhead
beam. The injection the doctor had given them had taken away some of the pain
but the washing had showed up the welts in all their painful coloured glory. "As
I said earlier," Brother William started, "We have a special way of getting the
information we require from you. If either of you fail to answer a question
accurately and quickly, Brother Stefan will lash your partner and now will
concentrate only on the most tender parts of your bodies."

The first few questions were routine. Names, age, work, etc, then William asked
Erica, "Does anyone know you were going to trespass on our property?" Erica,
thinking Chief might contact the police and rescue them, shook her head, no.
William sensed a slight hesitation and nodded. Brother Stefan brought the whip
down across the front of Ernie's thighs catching the end of his prick at the
same time. Ernie screamed in with the pain. The effect of the analgesic drug was
beginning to wear off. "Alright we phoned our editor and if we don't phone back
soon he'll know something is wrong."

The questioning went on for fifteen minutes during which time Ernie received
four strokes of the lash and Erica three. Both were exhausted and hanging with
more weight on their wrists than on their feet. Seeing this and believing he
probably had all the necessary information, William ordered them to be taken
down and taken to a bedroom. Shortly after the doctor arrived and gave them two
injections. Within minutes the pain began to disappear. William and Patrick
appeared and Erica noticed William had her distinctive mobile phone.

"Erica," William started, "Kneel down and suck your partner's prick until it is
nice and hard. I don't need to tell you what might happen if you refuse." To
emphasise his comment he gave her right tit a squeeze. With five stripes now
decorating each one, even the painkilling injection could not stop some pain
reaching her mind. Erica's quick mind recalled that she had sucked an unknown
number of pricks earlier and swallowed semen and piss. Sucking Ernie's would be
no hardship after that. Getting Ernie hard was more difficult. The slightest
touch to his swollen battered manhood caused him to wince but eventually the
gentle warmth of her mouth produced a semi-erection, which William deemed good
enough. Patrick went to the door a called for two slaves. Two young, bare
breasted girls entered.

"Pull his ankles beside his ears and sit on them," Patrick ordered the girls.
Dimly Ernie noticed the striped arse of the slave who sat on his right as she
lifted her short skirt to sit. Ernie wondered what was going to happen. He could
feel the moist warmth of their tender cunts as they straddled his ankles and
Erica still sucked his cock.

"Sit on the other bed Erica," William requested, "You see how vulnerable your
boyfriend's cock and balls are now." Patrick had produced the inevitable whip.
"You are going to phone your editor and tell him you have decided to want to
join the Priory and become part of our little organisation. Tell him you got in
and liked what you saw and both of you have decided the job at the newspaper was
nowhere near as exciting. You must do a good job of convincing him, otherwise
poor Ernie here is going to suffer terribly. Castration with a whip is a messy,
painful business. Do you get the message?"

Erica was horrified. "You mean you will whip his testicles until they are no
longer of any use? He will become a eunuck? Even you wouldn't be that cruel
surely?" she said.

"Eunucks are in demand in eastern harems and yes, as you can guess, it is
something I will do. I saw it done once with a cane to a younger boy who had
fucked the daughter of a political figure. They did it extremely slowly and
painfully. The boy wished he were dead long before they'd finished with him.
I'll give you five minutes to compose what you are going to say to your editor
and meanwhile you can stare at that prick which no doubt gave you some pleasure
and which if you blow this talk, could end up as a mangled bloody mess."

"Hi Boss," Erica shakingly started, "Yeah we got in Boss and got caught while
watching some of the things that went on. Well it was a case of, if you can't
beat 'em, join 'em. That's what we've decided to do. Normally Boss, only the
richest can join their organisation but they agreed to allow us to work for
them.... No, we won't be coming back. ......Yes, we are having great sex. Didn't
know what I'd been missing. Better than pushing words. Sorry, Boss. I know you
tried to give us a second chance but we feel it would always end up with Ern and
I rowing..... We may go abroad to another priory or something where it is
warmer." Erica hoped she'd controlled her shaking voice enough to convince her
chief.

"You'd better hope that worked, slave Erica because if we have to take other
measures to prevent more snoopers, you two will suffer. Now suck me hard. I
can't resist the sight of that whipped arsehole in front of me." William's prick
was already almost fully erect when he parted his robe and thrust his member at
Erica's face. She could see and smell it had been in another arse recently. Her
hesitation was terminated when her left nipple was twisted. Soon it was hard
enough to force its way into Ernie's hole. The slaves watched impassively as
their master violated the man they held.

It took William some time before he came. Meanwhile Patrick ordered Erica to
bend over the bed while he violated her arse too. He came shortly after William
and both men insisted she clean them.

"Release him slaves," William ordered, "Take the pair to the slave quarters,
find them suitable dresses and sandals and put them in the 'unavailable
section'. We'll let them heal a little before we they go on general use
tomorrow." To Ernie and Erica he went on, "From breakfast tomorrow you will be
set to work but you will also be available for any monks use and for Sister
Klaudia too. Monks may use and punish you in any way they see fit. They all
particularly keen to see all their orders are obeyed immediately. You will soon
find it better to perform any act they require first time. Refusal will only
mean you'll be forced to do it after much pain."

"I'm slave Mary," the taller of the two girls named herself as she handed them
their skirts and sandals. "You only wear these when not in the slaves quarters.
Don't think of escaping. The consequences are too terrible. One girl got as far
as the fence and had ten lashes to her cunt every day for two weeks and was
raped each time. We all had to watch." She showed them the long bed where they
were to spend the night. Another pair of well-flogged slaves were already there
and were trying to apply salve to each other. "You should use the salve too,"
slave Mary told them, "There is plenty of it and it does work. Much of the
swelling will go by morning."

Even with the salve, the pain hardly seemed bearable but late in the evening
Brother Doctor as he was called, came and gave them another pain killing
injection but still it took the pair a long while before sleep came. Many times
it seems, they were awakened from dozing by other slaves returning late after
having serviced the monks. Most of them had to apply salve to themselves or each
other before lying painfully down to try and snatch a few hours sleep.

*****

Editor in Chief Roddy Evans knew they were in trouble immediately Erica phoned.
No one, but no one, ever called him Boss. A few of the senior journalists called
him Roddy but everyone else referred to him as Chief. Then there was the quaver
in her voice. She was trying hard to conceal it but it was obvious to him that
she and probably Ernie too, were in trouble. "Pity she didn't phone me at the
office," he muttered, "Then the call would've been recorded. Or if I had been
smart enough, I could have let the answerphone pick up the message." He phoned
Chief Superintendent Arnold Lessing who promised to look into the matter.

Two hours later he phoned back. "Sorry, not much to go on Roddy but I guess
there is something going on at the Priory. Special Branch more or less told me
to keep my nose out until we had more concrete evidence the lives or your two
reporters are in real danger. They were certainly interested in what you told me
but so far there is little evidence they are being harmed so they don't want to
move in until they are certain of what is going on inside the place. That could
take some time."

*****

Five a.m. a bell rang loudly and all the slaves started to stir. "Get up, we
have to shower and shit," slave Rita the other girl in the 'unavailable bed'
informed them, "Then it's breakfast before the monks are awake. After breakfast
you'll be assigned chores or sent to service one of the monks." The showers and
toilets were all communal but by now all the other slaves were so used to
performing their ablutions in front of each other, they accepted it as normal.
Ernie and Erica were somewhat more reluctant but urged on, they did what they
needed to do. Having dried themselves each slave took a clean skirt from the
sized piles and each clipped a small notebook to their waistband. Each had their
own book and the newcomers were given a clean one. "Your punishments, or some of
them, are recorded in the book and the monks can book your services in their
too," slave Yvonne told them, "Now we go to see Friar Tuck for breakfast. This
is the best bit of the day. Friar Tuck is one of the friendly ones and enjoys a
joke and we get good meals here with him. They feed us so our bodies can take
more punishment from the others."

Rotund Friar Tuck was already in the kitchen, bustling around and getting the
pans hot and the water boiling. "So we have two newcomers," he chortled, "Heard
about you last night. What are you called?"

"Ernie, Brother."

"Erica Friar Tuck Sir."

For a moment there was complete silence. "So slave Erica, on your first morning
you choose to mock me." The friar had a smile on his face but his words were
serious.

"No, Sir. I have no idea....."

"Perhaps you haven't but you'll soon learn. Who told you my name?"

Sensing she had been set up but was unwilling to reveal the culprit, Erica
replied, "I don't know sir, I must have just heard it."

"I suspect you heard it from slave Yvonne." The friar grinned as he saw Yvonne's
face, "For your information, I am Brother Erwin and so that you remember I am
going to impress it into your arse." Erica guessed she was in for another
whipping and half turned to see if there was any hope of escape. There was none.
"Pass me the spoon, Mary," Brother Erwin commanded.

The wooden spoon was much longer than any Erica had seen before. "It must have
been made for stirring witches cauldrons," Erica thought somewhat obscurely
seeing it was to be used on her. "Over my lap slave and if I have to get others
to hold you, they each get a turn with the spoon too." Brother Erwin opened his
robe so she would be in flesh to flesh contact with his thighs and semi hard
prick. He lifted her skirt to reveal the still well marked and sore buttocks.

"WHAP!! WHAP!!" The spoon descended once on each tender arse cheek. Erica cried
out with the pain. Ernie too flinched and took half a step forward before Mary
checked him. He knew it would be futile to interfere but the reaction was
instinctive. The movement didn't go unnoticed but the monk. "You think this is
unfair, slave Ernie?" Without waiting for a reply he went on, "Well of course it
is. Nothing is a slave's life is fair but perhaps I can make it a little fairer
for you. Sit in that chair and put slave Yvonne over your lap and paste her arse
while I do the same with your girlfriend. You'll have to use your bare hand of
course but you should still be able to make her squeal a little." Yvonne
hesitated but she too knew there was no choice. The others would hold her if she
didn't and then they would take great delight in spanking her when Ernie had
finished.

Soon the kitchen resounded to sounds of naked skin being punished and from the
cries of the recipients. Erica took two dozen before Brother Erwin put the spoon
down and bent Erica over the table. Shortly after his now fully hard cock
pounded into her cunt. "Give yours another dozen slave Ernie and then fuck her
arse. It will probably be as tight as this one's cunt."

The spanking he'd given Yvonne, aroused Ernie's prick and although had never
fucked a girl's arse, Yvonne had been used many times in that hole so he was
able to enter without too much difficulty. Even though his prick was still sore
from the whipping of the previous evening, he enjoyed the sensation. He did it
as hard as he dared to try and mitigate Erica's suffering. She was still crying
as much from the way Brother Erwin squeezed her tits as from the rape. As soon
as he finished, Erica was ordered to suck him. Yvonne did the same for Ernie but
she needed no telling. He wondered if they ever got free, would Erica do the
same for him. In the last few hours she done it to so many men it no longer
seemed to bother her overmuch. Meanwhile the rest of the slaves bustled around
getting breakfast.

For the rest of the day, Erica and Ernie were assigned kitchen duties along with
two other slaves. Brother Erwin booked Erica to spend the night with him but
apart from their style of dress and receiving a few swats with the spoon, the
day passed fairly uneventfully until after dinner that evening. Sitting in the
lounge, Brother Henry ordered Ernie to suck him hard and then thrust his prick
hard and painfully in Ernie's arse and, to the cheers of his fellow monks,
buggered him. Even when he'd shot his load he left his cock in until it was too
soft to keep in place. "Suck me hard again, slave," Ernie was ordered and
received four cuts of the whip for hesitating at the sight of the messy cock in
front of him. "Get me hard boy. I love a nice tight arse and yours certainly is
that. First I have to piss. Drink it all otherwise I might have to ask Klaudia
to attend to your prick with the whip again. I enjoyed seeing that yesterday."

Although he spilled only a few drops Henry deemed it sufficient to warrant
Klaudia's treatment. Tying his arms and ankles behind a post, Klaudia pushed a
thick pad behind his buttocks, which had the effect of thrusting his pelvis
forward. "Slave Yvonne get this wretch fully hard," she ordered, "I want to be
able to welt the full length and make it swell even more. I should be able to
get twice as many along its length this evening."

Remembering how she was spanked earlier, Yvonne sucked and used her teeth to nip
his weapon just under the corona. It didn't go unnoticed by Klaudia. "That's a
good idea slave Yvonne. Nip it hard but don't break the skin and pull back and
hold that pole of his taut while I whip it."

Yvonne suddenly caught on. The whip was going to slice down only millimetres
from her nose. "Oh No!" Yvonne blurted out.

"You two slaves!" Klaudia roared pointed to two girls who stood to one side,
"Hold her arms back. Push her tits out! I'll teach that brat to say no to me."
Too late Yvonne realised her error and started to plead but was quickly silenced
until she screamed as the whip slashed across the top of both breasts. At a
leisurely pace, Klaudia crossed both breasts with three more strokes causing the
poor girl almost to faint with the pain. "Are you booked for tonight slave?"
Klaudia asked as she cruelly kneaded the tortured globes.

"No Sister Klaudia." Yvonne's words were almost inaudible.

"Then you will service me. Now get back into position and pull on the prick with
your teeth."

Attention now focused once more on Ernie. Having witnessed the cruel mood
Klaudia was in, he had no illusions of how she would treat him but bound to the
post, he was helpless to avoid it. His half-hard prick was still sore from
yesterday and the fucking of Yvonne's bum had not made it any better, but he
knew Klaudia would not take that into consideration. Yvonne, her face ashen with
fear of what was going to happen, bared her teeth and bit unnecessarily hard on
his prick. Ernie yelled but she hadn't broken the skin and there was no blood.
Shaking, Yvonne pulled her head back and stretched the prick to its full extent.

"You half know what to expect from yesterday," Klaudia smiled evilly, "But today
I will try and get the stripes a little closer so more will fit in along the
length of your shaft." The first lash curled itself round the base of his shaft,
just clipping the front of his testicles. Ernie screamed; the audience
applauded. Yvonne tried to hold herself steady. She knew Klaudia was deadly
accurate with the whip. Even so it would only take the tiniest of movements for
her face to catch the whip and not the prick in her teeth.

Ernie's screams delighted the onlookers and they quickly revived him when he
passed out after the seventh close spaced whip mark. There was less than an inch
left. Yvonne, almost paralysed with fear, was praying she would stop. The tenth
lash did just catch the underside of her chin but it only caused her to flinch.
"Right slave, hold his prick around the base. I'll get two more around the head.
That should complete his discipline quite nicely. Then you can suck and wank him
off." Klaudia was in her element now and was playing to the audience.
"Afterwards I expect the Brothers will want to use him." Kneeling alongside
Ernie and holding his prick as close to the base as she could, Yvonne pushed the
swollen shaft as far from his body as she could and used her other hand to
steady her arm. She gave a little yelp as her elbow connected with her
tenderised tits but soon found a position that was reasonably comfortable.
Lazily it seemed the whip cracked around the prick head, first near the widest
part and then close to the end. The pain was excruciating but Ernie was given
little time to recover. "Wank him off but don't get any of his stuff on the
floor," Klaudia ordered the slave.

The merest touch of her hand on his prick was painful in the extreme, but Ernie
had to endure it being vigorously rubbed. Although swollen it wasn't hard or
erect and he knew it would take a long while before any emission. Yvonne knew
this too and used her mouth as much as possible. Even so it took twenty painful
minutes before his balls shot their load. This was not the end of his ordeal.
First Henry and then two other Brothers took him in the arse. This time he
quickly sucked their cocks afterwards. Finally as a fourth monk tried to enter
his arse, Ernie collapsed and the Brother Doctor declared he was to be taken to
the unavailable area and left alone.

Two hours later Yvonne was carried in. She had obviously not serviced Klaudia to
her liking. Soon after the doctor came and gave them both pain killing
injections.

Erica's night was far easier. Brother Erwin took her to bed and fucked her twice
before falling asleep. Because of his size, Erwin had to take her doggie fashion
and spread her legs unusually wide but that was a comparatively minor discomfort
for the way of things at the Priory.

*****

"Hi Marjorie. Roddy here. Any news of Ernie and Erica?"

"No, nothing. They didn't seem to use the van last night and haven't been to
breakfast or to shower this morning. I'm worried. Ken is too. He took the
tractor around to the Priory boundary but could see no sign of them. He did see
the remains of their little inflatable boat thing on the other side of the fence
so they did get inside." Marjorie answered the phone mid morning.

"Yes, I had a phone call last night from Erica saying they were going to join
the monks and live with them but she sounded as if forced and she called me Boss
which is a name no one uses. Ask Ken to keep a sharp eye out and let me know if
anything unusual happens."

*****

Ernie walked bow legged to the kitchen next morning. Yvonne limped painfully
behind him. "I guess you two got yourselves in trouble last night," Brother
Erwin remarked, "Let's see the damage." They all gasped at the sight of Ernie's
swollen purple coloured prick and at Yvonne's badly whipped cunt. "Sister
Klaudia?" Erwin questioned. Both nodded. "I'll have a word with Brother
William." That was all he said. None of the slaves knew quite what he meant by
the remark. However, after breakfast that morning both were ordered to William's
office. He'd heard from the other brothers about the prick whipping but Yvonne's
had been carried out in private. Carefully he examined the damaged genitals and
then dismissed them. By the next day both realised William had given orders they
were not to be touched. Often they had to show the damage to the Brothers and
both were fucked anally, no one even laid a finger on the prick or cunt.

Erica too seemed to have been given an easier passage. She was still used
sexually but her thrashings were limited to the wooden spoon and a strap.
Brother Erwin let slip on the second morning. "You two," he said referring to
Ernie and Erica, "Are not to be badly marked because you're being shipped out on
the next boat and probably sold on the Moroccan slave market." Ernie quickly
worked out the next boat was the following night.

Brother Simon booked him for the night. Simon was known to have a liking for his
booze and boys. Normally he was one of the more pleasant monks but when well
tanked up he could be mean. By the time Ernie arrived at his room, Brother Simon
had consumed a number of glasses of whiskey. "Come in slave. It's my last night
here so I'm going to make the most of you. Pour me a drink and then get your
arse up over the end of the bed." Soon he was pounding his prick in Ernie's
arse. A mobile phone rang. "Bugger!" Simon pulled out and went to a drawer and
answered the phone. It was the first Ernie had seen since being there. He'd been
told the Brothers were not supposed to bring them.

"Damn you woman," Simon spluttered, "You were told not to phone me here... My
brother died? .... I'm due back in a day so I'll call at Evadne's on the way."
Simon replaced the phone in one of his socks. Seeing it gave Ernie an idea.
Risking Simon's wrath he topped the brother's glass right up and kept filling it
at every opportunity. Simon grew aggressive and caned Ernie a couple of times
for not being able to make him hard again but finally he lay down and went to
sleep. As he lay snoring so, Ernie poured neat whiskey into his mouth. Twice the
Brother spluttered and briefly woke but Ernie persuaded him to lie down again.
Eventually, Ernie deemed he was too out of it to waken. Quickly he got the phone
and dialled the newspaper office. No one would be there but the message would be
recorded. In any case he couldn't remember Chief's home number.

"Chief, Ernie here. Listen and move quickly if you wish to see us alive. Erica
and I are in dead trouble. You have to get us out of here immediately. We've
been whipped and tortured and used a sex slaves. There are many other slaves
here too. Mainly illegals. Tomorrow night they are moving us out on the Bosmia
Castle and then we're going to be shipped to Morocco and sold in the slave
market. You have no idea the hell we've been through. Whipping, raping. You name
it they've done it to us. Get us out, please. There's one hell of a story in it.
It isn't a little crackpot religious group, it's a well heeled organisation with
big money and influential people. For all our sakes, get the police to raid this
place and release us and the others before it's too late."

"What are we going to do?" Erica cried in his arms next morning at breakfast.
"No one will ever find us. Probably we'll be sold separately."

"Get on turning those sausages. That's what you're going to do," interrupted
Brother Erwin grinning. "I can still use the spoon and make it painful for you
to sit."

A close eye was kept on them throughout the day. Not for one moment were they
able to leave the sight of one of the Brothers. For most of the time they were
kept apart. The new party arrived a little before dinner that evening. Those who
had come to the end of their stay would leave in the early hours taking Ernie
and Erica with them. At nightfall they were locked in separate cell-like rooms.
The quietness became unnerving and caused them to imagine many scenarios of what
might possibly happen. None of the possible scenarios brought any comfort.
Seemingly hours later they heard faint sounds of activity. Banging noises, which
they guessed was the supplies unloaded from the wagons being put in the
storerooms. Another hour passed and their apprehension grew. Ernie prayed that
Chief Evans would come to the rescue but now it seemed far too late. From his
earlier watching of the Bosmia Castle he knew the monks that were due to return
would soon be leaving. Erica knew it too.

Suddenly her door opened and two brothers stepped in. Without speaking they
handcuffed her wrists behind her back, taped up her mouth and left. Moments
later Ernie was similarly treated. Another hour passed before Brother Patrick
entered, bade Erica stand while he slipped a monk's cloak over her head.
"Klaudia is leaving with you so you'll know what to expect if you don't do
everything you're told. Time to say good-bye to this country." Brother William
was already outside with Ernie.

Klaudia stood by the outside door. "Any nonsense slaves and I will save your new
master the job of castrating you slave Ernie. I'll take your balls off with my
whip. I would have loved to have done that the other night. Maybe I'll get the
chance on the boat. Maybe take your girlfriend's clittie off too."

Slowly they walked along the path through the woods, across the field and up the
slope to the jetty. Vaguely they could hear two helicopters nearby but they were
too far away to notice. One hovered over the Hazelum and the other the Brent. At
a given signal, both changed course and came in low and fast towards the Priory.
One landed in front of the Priory itself and twelve armed police stormed the
building. The other discharged twelve armed marines wearing night vision
headgear on the jetty. A police patrol boat switched its searchlight on the
Bosmia Castle and warned the crew to remain where they were. Not a shot was
fired. It was all over in minutes.

*****

"Well Chief, do we keep our jobs?" Erica enquired a week later. Both had been
hospitalized for the first day and the police surgeon had photographed and
catalogued their injuries along with those on all the other slaves. They wanted
to keep Ernie in for another day at least. "Your penis is still very swollen Sir
and will heal quicker if it is not confined in underwear or trousers. The salve
needs to be applied every two hours. Better to stay in bed here with the tunnel
over your body." Ernie had refused. He wanted to be home.

"We have a story to write Doc. That can't wait. I must get home."

Erica came by already dressed. "Chief's sent a car but if you want to stay, I'll
bring my laptop and we can work on it here."

"No Erica, I'd like to get home. Lie in my own bed."

"Would I do as a nurse for you? Or would you rather have that little brunette
tend you?"

"You, of course dear. And I can tend your tender parts too."

By the end of the day, they had produced a rough draft but needed advice on some
legal aspects because of charges being brought against the 'monks'. She went to
see their editor. Ernie stayed at home. His prick didn't like rubbing on the
inside of his trousers and he decided he could put his trust in Erica now. "What
do you say Chief?" she asked again after he'd read through the copy and
decorated it with remarks and corrections.

"Oh I don't know." Chief looked grave. "I have to be certain you two will not be
at loggerheads with one another as soon as you get back." Pausing and smiling,
he went on, "Finish this off, and I'll give the pair of you a few more days sick
leave and then go off on a week's bird watching together. If you survive
harmoniously, yes, the jobs are yours."

Erica gave the Chief a hug and then winced as she remembered her tits were still
very tender.



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





