BDSM Library - The Rowandan Tape




The Rowandan Tape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young American woman receives a tape from a little boy in a Rowandan airport describing the corrupt practices of that government. He asks her to get to the news media back in America. Once back in America officials from Rowanda find out she has the tape and interogate her in an attempt to get it get it back.
The Rowandan Tape



 Section 1: The Abduction of Lisa Williams





     Our story begins in an airport in the capitol city Rowanda.  A young woman
searchs for a few last minute gifts for her family and friends.  Her name is
Lisa Williams, she is five foot  nine, twenty-one years old, with shoulder
length brown hair.    Even through she wears no make up and wears very drab
clothing, as she has for the past three months, you can tell she is a very
beautiful woman. Looking back on it now, she wishes she could have changed the
next few minutes.

     Late for her plane she runs out of the gift shop.  As she hurries out the
door a little boy runs in front of her.  Knocking the boy over, she helps him up
as she asks "Are you okay honey?  I didn't hurt you did I?"  The boy shakes his
head no. He looks very frightened and confused so she asks him what's wrong, All
the boy asks is " Are you an American?" With a very puzzled look Lisa answers
"Yes I am sugar pie" letting a little bit of her Southern accent show.  As the
boy hands her a small recording tape he says as his voice trembles, " My father
told me if anything happens to him to go to the airport and give this tape to
the first American I see and give it to them."  "What's on the tape?" Lisa asks. 
The boy answers "It is very important, the army took my father, he said I was to
tell you to get it on the CNN, whatever that means." With great hesitation Lisa
takes the tape. The bows saying " thank you , thank you, may Allah bless you."
then he runs off into the airport.

     Still late for her plane she stuffs the tape in her carry-on bag and rushes
for the plane.  Once on the plane she begins to wonder why was that little boy
so scared, he had such terror in his eyes she could stand not to help him.  She
also pondered what was on this tape that made it so important.  Not possessing a
mini cassette recorder she had no way of finding out, she only hoped she could
maybe buy one on her layover in Barcelona, Spain. 

     As her plane landed in Barcelona she frantically ran to the airport gift
shop to buy a mini-recorder  so she could listen to the tape.  After purchasing
the recorder she finds a place to sit down.  Listening to the tape she becomes
frustrated, the tape is in a foreign language and she can't understand a thing .
It sounded  like the language the people in Rowanda spoke, and she omly knew a
few words.  One word she did pickup was Adid.  The group of men was speaking to
man named Adid.  Adid was the new president of Rowanda, she wondered if this was
the same Adid and more importantly what they were talking about. 

     As she got on her plane she thought her her friend Ana, short for  Hasana.
Ana was from Rowanda you see.  An was the one who convinced Lisa to go over to
Rowanda for the summer and volunteer.  She assurred her with the newly elected
democratic government her country was now a safe place to be.  It seemed to Lisa 
that indeed it was a very safe and peaceful place.  That was until that little
boy ran up to her in the airport earlier this day. As Lisa settled in for the
long flight across the Atlantic, she fell asleep happy to be going home to El
Paso.

     At about this same time a phone rings at the Rowandan embassy in Washington
D.C.  A man picks up, "Hello, who is this?  Ah yes, Mr. President how may I help
you?"  After the president explains about the boy, the tape, and how he gave it
to a young woman in the airport, he begins to tell his friend about his plan. 
"I need you to retrieve this tape for us it will be very valuable blackmail
information on myself  for the people who posess it," the president  explains. 
"I'm faxing you a copy of the woman's passport we obtained from the airport
database.  We have to keep track of all the people who come through our
airports.so we can identify any terrorists or anything."  As the man at the
embassy receives the fax he says," I have just the man, he is well connected in
that area in fact. Yes, you know who I'm talking about.   I'll send him
immediately to pick up the tape and ask Miss Williams some questions," the man
says with a laugh.

     As Lisa walks in the front door of her apartment she is so happy to be
home.  She sees that her answering machine is flashing and checks her messages.
After a  few messages in she hears a message from Ana. It says, "Welcome back
Lisa, it's Monday and you know what that means.  Mini-skirt Monday at the club! 
All girls in mini-skirts drink for five dollars after ten o'clock.  Candace and
Amber will by about 9:30 to pick you up. BE READY!! see you girls later, bye bye
for now."  Lisa looks at her watch and it's eight o'clock, only an hour and a
half to get ready.  Getting ready to go out see forgets how sexy  her clothes
make her feel. After being forced to dress down in the repressive society of
Rowanda, she's happy to be able to dress up again.

     She takes out her shortest little skirt and her new, skimpy halter top and
puts them on the bed.  As she looks at herself in the mirror, she thinks "God
I'm so beautiful I forgot how good I can look with a little bit of effort.  My
perfect breasts, my long sexy legs, my great ass.  Any man would be lucky to
have me."   

     Then outside a taxi honks its horn.  It's  Candie and Amber and they're a
litte bit early.  So Lisa puts on her clothes and pulls her 6 inch stillettos
out of the closet and gets ready to run out the the door.  Then she remembers
something, she can't forget the mini-tape recorder.  Ana will be there and maybe
she can translate the tape for her.  Lisa grabs the recorder stuffs it in her
purse and runs out the door.   As she darts down stairs and into the awaiting
taxi, she doesn't notice the two men sitting in the car across the street from
her apartment.  They are a couple of the men who were sent to retrieve the tape
and they have been watching her since she got back into town.

     When she arrives at the club she sees Ana through the crowd of horny men
and gorgeous women.  Lisa goes over to Ana and give her a hug.  Lisa then asks
Ana if she could come with her to the ladies room.  When they get in the ladies
room she hands Ana the recorder and asks to listen to it.  Ana's face gets a
look of concern  as she listens to the tape.  It's a description of how then
General Adid spoke to his men about a plan to transport food he had stolen from
the good will ships on the docks.  He had planned to sell the food to various
terrorist groups and put the blame on the former president.  Who he was in a
race for president with. 

     This news shocked Ana the very popular former president lost in a landslide
after news of his profits from the stolen food were leaked.  This news could
change her whole country.  She asked Lisa, "Where did you get this tape?"  Lisa
told her about the little boy in the airport and how he had given her the tape
to take to CNN.  Ana answered , "You have to make copies of this tape and send
them to every major news channel in the country, along with a letter explaining
the tapes contents."  Lisa, fearing what might happen to her if anybody found
out it was her who sent the tape, replies, " Hell no, that's not my country, I
don't want anything more to do with that tape. Why don't you make the copies and
write the letter.  This is not my problem, it's your country you fix it.  Forget
this  I'm out of here."  Lisa storms out bathroom door and goes out the back
door into the alley. 

       Lisa feeling so scared and so confused and having no idea what to do just
sits by the wall in the back of the club and sobs uncontrolably, not knowing in
just the next few seconds, her whole world will change forever...

     A man tells her to" Rowandian secret service get up right now,and start
walking."  Lisa answers, " what are you talking about?"  then the man pulls out
gun and asks again "You heard me get up right now, don't make me ask you a third
time, or I'll just shoot you in the head and get it over with."  Stunned, Lisa
gets up  and begins to walk.  The man barks, "Get in the car now."  Lisa scared
for her life, jumps in the back seat of the car.  As the man gets in the car he 
pushes Lisa to the other side as the driver speeds away.

     Lisa starts screaming, "HELP---HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME I'M BEING KIDKNAPPED
AHHHHHHH"  The driver yells " Shut that bitch up right now, or shoot her in the
head, I don't care which just shut her up."  the man the seat next to Lisa takes
his stun gun and gives Lisa a shock, knocking her unconsious.

     Back in the club Amber asks Ana where Lisa is.  Ana answers, "I don't know,
we were in the restroom and  she suddenly stormed out of the club I don't know
where she went.  Maybe she went back to her apartment." Amber answers, "I hope
she is alright, I think I will go to her apartment and check on her."  Ana
replies, "that's good, I have something very important I have to do.  Tell Lisa
I'll take care of it, she'll understand."  "Well see you later" Amber replies
and she is on her way to Lisa's apartment. 




 Section 2 -The Interegation Begins





      A while later, Lisa wakes up to find herself tied to a chair blindfolded
and with a set of soundproof earmuffs on her head.  More frightened than she has
been in her life, she ponders how she got here.  Then all of a sudden a voice
breaks the silence, "Good morning Miss Williams, how was your nap? I bet you are
wondering how you can hear me, well we've put a set of speakers in your earmuffs
that we can turn on and off  when we feel like it.  The only thing you will hear
during the course of your imprisonment is me "  To this Lisa replies," Let me go
right now !  I'm an American citizen damn it, and who in the hell do you people
think you are any way?" The man answers, "As my men told you before we are the
Rowandian secret service, more specifically I am Barton, in my country I am
known as the Butcher."  A little intimidated by the name, but still defiant,
Lisa answers "Well this isn't Rowanda, we're still in America I assume and you
have no power here. So you better let me go right now you piece of shit!"  The
man replies" Yes we are still in America about twenty miles from El Paso on a
little ranch owned by a few friends of ours.  If you don't lose this attitude I
will introduce you to them very soon."  "Oh, am I supposed to be scared now? 
I'm not scared of you. "  Lisa replies.  Then mocking her captor she says " I'm
Rowandan secret service lose your attitude or I'll introduce you to my friends. 
So there... What you can't do anything to me you sorry son of a bit..."  then
SLAP right across her face.  Barton answers, "I  would love to, but my
instructions are to leave no "permanant injuries." I am growing very impatient
with you Miss Williams and we don't have much time.   I think you should start
telling me everything you know right now."

           Never being hit before in her life, Lisa holds back a tear.  Less
defiant, she answers, "Okay ,okay what do you want to know?"  "That's right, you
aren't such a fool after all."  the man answers.   "What is your relationship to
boy in airport?"  Lisa answers, "I never met him before, he gave me a tape and I
ran to plane, please let me go."  "What was on the tape he gave you?"  the man
asks.  "I don't know I never listened to it, he gave me a mini-cassette and I
don't own a mini-cassette recorder."  Lisa answers.  Barton replies, "That's too
bad, I thought you were going cooperate, now I'm forced to hurt you.  Tape her
mouth, I don't want to hear any more of her lies.  Good bye for now Miss
Williams."

     Instantly, Lisa's heart starts racing. " What does he mean punish me?--- oh
God I'm  sorry--please don't hurt me ."  she screams in her head.  The darkness
and silence of of her situation doesn't comfort her any.  "I wish I could see or
at least hear what they are about to do."  she thinks to herself. 

     A few minute later someone begins to untie her feet and removes her shoes. 
They lift her feet up and put them in what feel like a one of those old pillory
things from the 1600's. Then all of a sudden WHACK---WHACK----WHACK, maybe
fifteen or twenty times on the bottoms of Lisa's feet. Lisa tried so hard to
hold back tears, but the pain was too great.  Then she heard her captors voice
again.  "How old were you again? Oh yes, twenty-one," as she was wacked one more
time.  "I see from your identifacation it was your birthday last week and we
didn't get to give you your birthday spanking" the man says with a laugh.  "Are
you ready to tell me the truth now Miss Williams?  If so, nod your head yes
right now."  Lisa nods her head yes and the man pulls the tape off her mouth. "
So tell me the truth now Miss Williams.  What was on the cassette the boy gave
you?"  Lisa reponds, " I bought a mini -tape recorder in Barcelona and listened
to the tape.  I could not understand a word the people on the tape were saying,
so I put the tape in my bag and haven't listened to it since." 

     Barton then asks," so why didn't you ask your friend on the telephone
message machine at your apartment to translate the tape for you?  She sound like
she's from Africa, maybe even Rowanda.  I'm sure she had some idea what the
people were talking about.  You did go to meet her at that disgusting nightclub
didn't you?"  Lisa, very shocked, knowing now that her's was not the only life
in danger cooks up a story fast.   "Um, um my friend hadn't showed up yet and we
were waiting for her when an old boyfriend of mine showed up and we got in a big
arguement and I ran out the back door, and that's when you guys found me crying
in the back of the club." 

     "I think you are lieing to to us again Miss Williams, but what is important
right now is the name of your friend on the phone.  Give us the name of your
friend, maybe she will be a little more cooperative and we can let you go home. 
You would like that wouldn't you?"  Lisa responds "I would like that very much,
but I can't give you her name.  She doesn't know anything, and I've told you
everything I know, so please let me go." 

   "Time is precious Miss Williams and you are wasting mine.  I think a more
persuasive form of interrogation is in order.  Untie her and walk her over to
the barn. Then people began to take her feet out of the hold of the pillory
device.  They then began to put her shoes back on and forced Lisa to get up and
walk .She is led up a flight of stairs, so she figures she must have been in the
celler.  Her feet feel like they are on fire, every step she takes is more
painful than the last. After a short distance they suddenly stop. 

     One person grabs one arm, anther grabs a leg, still another her other arm,
and lastly her leg.  She is then stetched in all four directions, until it feels
like they are going to pull each limb out of it's socket.  She is then left in
this compromising of positions for what seems like forever.  Then someone starts
cutting away at her top.  Lisa screams "Stop that damn you, this is a brand new
top, and you can't just go and cut it up like this.  I bought this top in New
York a couple of months ago it cost me three hundred dollars. "  Then hangimg
there topless and her nipples sticking out like pencil erasers Lisa screams in
agony as powerful clamps are attached to each nipple.  Again she is left
hanging. 

    After a while Lisa hears her tormentor's voice again.  " your nipples have
gone from pink to purple,  I think it's time we remove those clamps."  As the
man removes the clamps and the blood rushes back into her nipples Lisa feels
more pain then she could ever thought possible.  As Lisa screams in terror, the
man laughs as he asks.  " Are you ready to tell me the name and location of your
friend, or do you want to wear my little clamps again?"  Lisa answers, "my
friend knows nothing and I told you everything I know."  Angrily the man applies
the clamps back on Lisa's swollen nipples.  "I think maybe you need some more
incentive, maybe if I add weights you might be more willing to talk.  The man
adds the weights and as her nipple's stretch Lisa screams out "Please take the
weights off, they hurt so much...if I knew anything I'd tell you please stop
hurting me!"  He then asks Lisa again if she's ready to talk.  She doe's not
answer, she just hangs there sobbing, so he adds more weights. Barton then
comments, "you have very nice breasts Miss Williams, it's such a shame you are
making me have to hurt them.  Just tell me the name of your friend and I will
let you go and you can forget all about this."    Delerious with pain, and angry
that this piece of shit is talking about her boobs,  Lisa screams out,  "Go
ahead you piece of shit add more weights,  I can take it, I'll never tell you
the name of my friends and I have no more information to tell you.  So I guess
you are going to have to kill me or let me go."   The man answers " I'm sorry to
hear that Miss Williams, this is going nowhere so now we will  begin the next
level of interogation




Section 3-Electroshock Therapy





Suddenly the clamps are removed from Lisa's nipples and the earmuffs from her
head. Barton again begins to speak " I would like you to hear everything that is
about to happen Miss Williams.  We are going to turn an electrical generator and
use electroshock "therapy" on you.  All you have do is give me your friend's
name and address and you will not have to endure this horrendious experience ." 
Horrified, but unwilling to give her captor the satisfaction of showing it Lisa
shouts "Go ahead and do it asshole, you've hurt me so much already, I'm not
afraid of you and besides if I could help you anymore I would have.  So just let
me go and stop wasting both of our time." Barton answers,  "You are a very
strong willed young woman Miss Williams, but we will soon test how long that
willpower holds up."

    "Miss Williams, since I know not how much electricity the human body can
take before it give out and dies so I'd like to introduce to an expert in the
field.  His name is Omar and he has tortured many people in his life, but his
specialty is woman.  He is very knowlegeable in female anatomy and knows all the
secret places to cause you unbearable pain.  He doesn't speak much English so I
will be speaking for him. Turn the generator on please, let us begin"

    As she heard the machine being turned on Lisa's heart beat faster than it
had ever before. "Unbearable pain?  What does he mean by that?  I'm in
unbearable pain right now," she thinks to herself.  Then in a very comforting
voice the man begans to speak.  "I know you are very afraid right now, even
though you pretend not to be, so I will tell you everything that is about to
happen to you before it happens.  Right now we are going to put a wood block in
your mouth so you can bite down on it when the pain gets to great.  We will
systematically increase the voltage until you pass out.  Then we will awaken you
with ammonia poppers and ask you a question if you want to answer, just nod your
head yes and we will take the wood out of your mouth.  Omar says you look like a
healthy young woman so you should be able to withstand alot..  Omar usually
starts on ten, but we are short on time so we will start on thirty amps,  . 

         Barton continues, "now we are going to put one rod up your vagina and
one rod in that nice little anus of yours with wires which are connecected to
the generator. I think we have had enough fun with your breasts for now."   Lisa
shouts, "Fuck you!!  You are not sticking anything inside of me, let me go right
now goddamn it, you can't do this to me."   Coming to her senses and realizing
her situation, Lisa calmy asks, " Please don't do this to me, I really don't
know anything else, just let me go, I just want to go home."  The man responds,
" Are you going to give me the name of your friend from your answering machine?"
Lisa give no response. "                                         	

    Roughly, Omar grabs Lisa's face and shoves the wood block in her mouth.  He
then goes around behind her and tightens the wire that runs through the block. 
He then reaches up Lisa's skirt and rips her panties off. " Thong underwear Miss
Williams?" her captor comments, "you American women are such whores, I'm
guessing this isn't going to be the first thing that has gone into that dirty
hole of yours.  Omar you may insert the rods now."  With that Omar begins to
insert the freshly lubricated rods.  The first one is about two inches in
diameter and about ten inches long, this is going in Lisa's pussy.  Lisa
clentches her musles trying to stop the rod from going in. "Just push the rod
all the way in Omar she can take it." the man replies laughing.  Fully inserting
the first rod Omar moves around behind Lisa. Lisa grunts as Omar buries the one
inch diameter six inch rod fully in her asshole.  The man comments" Last chance
Miss Williams."   Scared, embarrassed, and angry as hell at the same time Lisa
hangs motionless. "No answer?  The generators fully charged. Good luck to you
Miss Williams."

      Back at Lisa's apartment Amber walks in the door.  She finds the place to
be totally ransacked.  Trash everywhere, clothes thrown around, drawers pulled
out. Then she yells, " Lisa are you okay?" Getting no answer she decides to call
the police she looks down at her cell phone and the battery is dead.  Then
looking for a phone she walks into the kitchen, a hand grabs her mouth, and she
feels a sudden shock knocking her uncounsious.

	BUZZZZZ... every muscle in Lisa's body tightens in agony as the shock
goes through her beautiful little frame.  "Are you ready to talk?" Barton asks
"No, I guess we'll increase the voltage to forty then."   Fear rushes through
Lisa's mind as she hears the dial clicking, That first shock hurt her so much.
It scares her to imagine how the next one will feel.  Then in her next breath
she finds out.  BUZZZZZZ,  The pain was worse than she had feared.  Every muscle
tightening, to the point it feels like they're going to snap.  She can't breathe
because even that hurts, then suddenly it's over and she is so relieved.  Just
as Lisa begins to recover from the last shock, Barton asks " Ready now?"  Before
she can even attempt to answer, the man speaks again,  "no, okay fifteen seconds
instead of ten."  For a third time...BUZZZZZZZ.  With every increasing second
she feels the pain multiplying. Through the excrutiating pain Lisa hears the man
screaming at her,  "nod your head Miss Williams and this will all be over. " 
Overwhelmed with pain Lisa passes out . She dreams this is all an awful
nightmare and when she wakes up this will be over, but sadly for her it isn't. 

      Just as he promised the man awakens her with the pungent smell of ammonia.  
"Answer my questions now Miss Williams we're running out of time, or you'll be
force us to raise the power to sixty." the man shouts. Lisa hears the dial
clicking not just once, but twice.  In her mind she tells herself  through the
incredible fear  "I won't talk, I won't talk,  I won't talk, Ana will get the
tape to CNN and this will all be worth it."  Barton screams at her again,  "I'll
give you to the count of three...one...two...three... "  Then for the fourth
inimaginable time.... BUZZZZZZZZZ. Overcome with pain, Lisa begins to cry. 
Tears begin to pour out of her eyes as she soaks her blindfold, then she begins
to pray.  "Dear God please help me, or just let me die... I can't take this
suffering any more."	

      Then out of nowhere a cell phone rings.  The man answers the phone and
starts to walk outside the barn, he then begins talking to the person on the
other end.  A few minute later the man returns, " Stop the interegation for now
Omar, I think Miss Williams and I need to talk, also she looks very tired and
she could use the rest." Hanging there looking half-dead, Barton wonders if she
can hear him.    "MISS WILLIAMS!!" the man yells, "we have a litttle surprise in
store for you, it should be arriving in about an hour, I figured maybe you could
use a rest, you've taken alot of punishment.  You should be very proud of
yourself, your a very tough woman.  I think you deserve a reward.  Omar remove
the rods."  As Omar pulls the first rod out of Lisa's pussy, and he starts to
walk around behind her the man yells," Stop leave the other rod in her ass, just
unhook it from the generator, I don't want to get shocked or anything."  Lisa
wonders what he means by that.  A few seconds later it becomes clear.  "You two
untie her hands."  As her hand are untied she feels her body going limp.  The
man commands, " hold her up, she is probably very weak right now." So weak and
being held there like a rag doll Lisa hears the next order.  "Okay Omar tie her
hands behind her back."   She feels the sting as Omar tightly binds her wrists. 
He then begins to tie a rope around her elbows, as he tightens the rope she
begins to feel her breasts pop out. Noticing Lisa's breasts The man remarks,  
"Very nice touch Omar,  now lay her down on the floor men, it's time for Miss
Willam's reward.  A little pleasure to make up for all this pain. 




Section 4- A Few Surprises for Lisa



Lisa's heart starts racing as she hears the sound of a zipper coming down. She
feels so powerless laying here on this floor with her back arched up making her
boobs pop out and  her legs spread wide open, she knows what is about to happen,
she only prays it is quick.  Then Barton begins to speak,   "You are such a
beautiful woman Miss Williams, and tough too, that's so sexy. I knew I would
have to get a taste of you if Omar didn't kill you first." he says with a laugh.
Then all of a sudden Lisa feels his cock inside her.  She lays there motionles. 
After a few  painful minutes she feels the warm liquid shooting from her
captor's cock. The gets up puts his pants back on, then he begins to speak.  " I
think it's only fair you get as as much pleasure as you got pain Miss Williams,
go ahead men it's your turn."

     After all three men have had their way with Lisa, Barton begins to speak. 
"You can untie her feet now, okay tie her to that chair over there.  Her
surprise has just arrived."  Still in shock from being raped by four men, Lisa
wonders what more they could do to her.  "Take off her blindfold I want her to
see this," the man orders.

   Through the barn doors walks this beautiful blonde woman.  She is about five
foot-eight, wearing the tightest little skirt you can possibly imagine barely
covering the nicest legs you have ever seen.  Her top is so small it strains to
hold her large, perfect breasts.

    Her eyes getting used to the light Lisa begins to make out the person in
front of her.  It's  Amber.  "Oh my god" she thinks to herself, they have Amber. 
blindfolded and with the special earmuffs on Amber struggles to figure out where
she is at.  She screams out," please tell me where I'm at... why do you have me
tied up.. my father will pay you anything just let me go."

   "Well Miss Williams it seems we have a new plaything, do you have anything to
say?  Oh yes, the block in your mouth let me remove that."  Lisa answers" let
her go right now asshole, then I'll tell you everything I know."  The man
responds," I know you will, but I think we should have some fun with your friend
here." 

     Barton then orders his men to strip Amber.  They start by cutting her top
off.  "Your friend has very nice breasts Miss Williams, are they real?  Of
course not, none of you American sluts have natural breasts anymore."  Lisa
responds, "don't you even look at her you filthy bastard, I swear if I get out
of this I'm going to kill you."  Barton responds with a laugh, "very tough words
coming from a woman with a large rod buried in her rectum.  How's that feeling
by the way?"  Lisa responds, "it feels great, I look forward to the day I can
shove a big dildo up your ass."  "Take off that skirt I want to see her naked,"
Barton orders.

    As  his men remove Amber's skirt, Barton notices that Amber has no panties
on.  He remarks, "This one is even more of a whore than you Miss Williams, she
isn't even wearing underwear.  She is just asking for someone to have sex with
her, don't you think Miss Williams?.  She would probably be able to service all
five of us."  Lisa shouts back, " Fuck you, she's only nineteen, and still a
virgin, her long time boyfriend asked her to do something sexy for him tonight."
Barton responds,  "That's good to know, she will very tight for me later," He
says laughing.  "If you would like your friend to remain pure, you better tell
me everything I want to know.  Just in case I think we will give you a little
more incentive."

       "Omar tie her hands, and do that thing with her breasts, I love that." 
As Omar binds Amber's wrists and elbows, Barton asks one of his men to bring a
plastic bag. Speaking to Lisa, Barton comments, "Do you know what this bag is
for Miss Williams?  We are going to use it to test how long your friend here can
hold her breath.  This is all your fault Miss Williams, if you had told me what
I wanted to know a long time ago none of this would have to happen.  As
punishment you will be made to watch as your friend suffers, until the time I
feel she has had enough"  Lisa pleads with Barton, "please don't do this to her
she is innocent I'm the one who should be punished.  Let her go and I will help
you get that tape back."  Barton orders, "Tape her mouth I don't want to hear
her voice for a while."  Like that a man sticks a strip of tape over Lisa's
mouth.

       Barton nods his head and suddenly, a man puts the plastic bag on Amber's
head.  Almost instantly Amber begins to thrash around gasping for air. The men
let her go and she rolls around on the ground struggling to breathe. Sitting
there, struggling to untie herself, Lisa begins to cry.  Then she begins to
think, "why did that little boy have to run into me, there were hundreds of
people in that airport, why me? Why did I take that tape from him?   I just
should have helped him up and kept walking.  Poor Amber, she has nothing to do
with this and now she is suffering for my mistakes.  I'm so sorry, if we live
through this I will try to make it up to you."

       Then suddenly, Barton then walks over to Amber and starts shocking her
with a cattle prod.  Lisa watches in agony as her friend shakes violently from
every shock unable to scream.  Lisa begins to sob even  from the guilt she feels
for putting Amber through this. After about a minute Barton orders one of his
men to take off the bag. The man removes the bag, and before Amber can catch her
breath, Barton begins shocking her again. Lisa screams in her mind, "stop you
asshole, you're killing her. She doen't know anything. Dear God please stop."

       For the next couple of minutes Amber struggles on the floor, screaming as
Barton shocks her, again and again and again.  After a couple of minutes, Barton
stops and looks right at Lisa.  He can see the hatred in her eyes, then he says
"pick her up and tie Miss William's friend to the rafters, I want Omar to play
with her for a while." 

      The men pick up Amber and tie her in the same spot Lisa occupied earlier. 
"Yes, stretch her out a little more, pull harder she can take it," Barton
commands.  While the men are stetching Amber, Omar begins to lubricate his rods
again.  Barton then says, "Omar I don't think the rods will quite right for Miss
William's friend, her being a virgin and all I think one of us should be the
first thing inside her, use the clamps."  Omar laughs as he attaches the
alligator clips to Amber's labia. 

       Barton then walks over to Lisa and gives her a choice.  "Miss Williams
I'm going to remove the tape from you mouth and you are going to start telling
me everything you know about the whereabouts of that tape.  If not Omar will
start slowly electricuting your friend until she is dead."  As Barton removes
the tape Lisa begins to say something, Then Barton stops her, "remember Miss
Williams I want answers coming out of your mouth and nothing else."  Lisa filled
with so much anger and sorrow for what has happened to Amber tempers her words
carefully. "My friend is named Hasana and she is a Rowandan citizen.  She lives
at 2116 Grove Avenue apartment #21.  I gave her the tape when I was at the club. 
She talked about making copies and taking them to the news media, and that's
when I ran out the backdoor and ran into your men.  That's all I know, please
let Amber and me go, we won't tell anybody, anything I promise." 

       "Now was that so difficult Miss Williams?  You could have saved yourself
and your friend so much pain.  I will send my men immediately to check out your
story.  You know what will happen to your friend if are lying to me again Miss
Williams. Then after we are done with her you will find out why they call me
"The Butcher".

        After about a half-hour Barton's phone rings.  He answers it and  Lisa
cringes as a smile comes over has face.  "Untie Miss William's friend, and let
her put her clothes back on."  Omar takes the clamps off Amber's labia as the
other men begin to untie her.  Then one of the men  takes off her earmuffs and
hands her her skirt and an old t-shirt.  "Take her out to the van," Barton
orders "Miss Williams will be joining her shortly."  Amber screams as they drag
her outside,"Lisa, Lisa is that you? What's going on?  What are we doing here? 
Who are these people? Where are they taking me?   Please tell me, I'm scared." 
Barton begins to speak, " my country owes agreat debt of graditude to you Miss
Williams.  Without you that tape might have fallen into the wrong hands and my
country would be in ruins.  Because of you a disaster was avoided.  We have
picked up you traitorous friend and we will deal with her. Do not waste your
time trying to find me or my friend Omar here we do not exist.  Just let your
wounds heal and forget this ever happened.  Omar has something he wants to say
to you."  Omar begins to speak, "it was a pleasure "talking" to you Miss
Williams, you are a  very strong woman and I admire that.  I will remember this
when watch the video tape of our time together, good-bye Miss Wiliams." "Oh, yes
that thing about Omar not being able to speak English it was a lie.  We figured
it would be more frightening that way," Barton exclaims, as he and Omar laugh

         "Untie her, and take her out to the van, her friend will be here soon. 
No person should witness the suffering that poor woman is about to endure."
Barton commands.  "If she gives you any trouble on the ride home, rape her
friend, ha ha haa."  As his men begin to untie Lisa, she screams out.  "You will
pay for this I will make you and that lieing mutherfucker suffer. I will see you
both dead."  Barton comments to Omar, "What's the top setting on that
generator?"  Omar replies, "One-hundred and twenty."  Barton then asks, "has
anyone ever gone that high?"  Omar answers, "no, would you like to try it?" 
Barton answers," yes let's do that. Tie her to the rafters men. 

          Lisa struggles, kicking and screaming, as the men roughly tie her
hands to the eye-holes in the ceiling.  Barton yells, "hurry men we don't have
much time.   Just tie her feet together.  Good job, now go out and start up the
van."  Then Barton remarks, "Well, well Miss Williams you couldn't just be quiet
and let us take you home.  You had to go and say all those mean things to us,
now we are going to teach you one last lesson in respect before you leave.  Turn
the dial to full power Omar."   Fear races through Lisa's body as she hears the
dial clicking six more times, but she screams out, "I'm going to fucking kill
you guys slowly."  Omar observes, "we don't have time for the rods, so I will
just use the automobile jumper cables."  "Good idea, Omar," Baron replies, "
let's get started." 

         As Momar touches the wires to Lisa's stomach, pain shoots through her,
pain she never thought possisible.  She lets out a horrendous scream as her body
begins to shake uncontrolably.  Piss runs down her leg as she loses control of
her bowels. Then, thankfully for her she passes out from the pain. 

         A short time later, Lisa is awakened to the all too familiar smell of
ammonia.  then a door is flung open and her and Amber are pushed out the door. 
The van speeds away before Lisa or Amber can get the license plate number.  Lisa
and Amber hold each other sobbing like little childeren.  Lisa is torn between
complete happiness about her nightmare being over and total dispair from the
fact Ana's is just beginning.







The END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





