BDSM Library - The Contract




The Contract
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In strong willed unthinking stupidity, fiery tempered beauty Sabrina, signs away her inheritance and must suffer extreme and painful humiliation to get it back.  THE CONTRACT (by Eve Adorer) 
   
  Chapter 1 - Entering Negotiations 
   
  It was granddaddy's firm. At twenty-two I had inherited granddaddy's firm. 
  Mummy had remarried after the divorce. She had gone back to Milan where she 
  was born. Daddy, poor daddy, had died suddenly and shockingly, a year back. 
  It had taken that year to untangle daddy's estate and dry my tears. And now, 
  through him, at twenty-two I had inherited granddaddy's company. The tangle 
  had been from mummy trying to take the share she had foregone by divorcing. 
  She was not in daddy's will. It was not as if she had not made a good second 
  marriage. She was rolling in money as they say. But "already have wants 
&nbsp;more" and the only ones to really gain had been the lawyers as she dragged 
  her dispute of the will through the courts. 
   
  I had inherited mummy's fire and determination. I had her body as well. 
  Taller at five feet seven and bustier at 36D I had her hourglass figure and 
  her long (in my case even longer) shapely legs. She had been a model whose 
  face and eyes on billboards sold everything from soap to safety goggles. I 
  had Italianate looks too. But what really knocked men out was that I also 
  had Daddy's dark brown eyes and his black hair. Daddy and granddaddy were 
  originally from South America. I am half Italian and half Argentinean and,
  I 
  am frequently told, by far the loveliest halves of both. 
   
  And rounding off this tale of inheritances, I had the company and with it 
  the debts from the court case and also with it Kate; "Capable Kate". 
   
  My education had not been neglected. I had a good BA. Daddy did not want his 
  inheritance squandered. He had determined my qualifications for business 
  should equal or better his. Oxford and my BA had followed private school. 
  And yet I was shallow and unqualified compared with Kate who had had none of 
  my privileges but, now twenty-seven, had been indispensable to Daddy and 
  was, if truth were told, the one who should have inherited the firm, which 
  she was the inspirational leader of, and brains behind. 
   
  Among Kate's accomplishments was a speaking knowledge of Japanese. Her quick 
  mind absorbed information better than a desert with water. Her working 
  knowledge of Japanese had saved the company when its US market had 
  collapsed. Japan was now our market. It was not our entire market but, for 
  what the rest of the world and England (where we were based in Birmingham) 
  was worth to us, it might as well have been. 
   
  Kate's generosity and patience with me knew no bounds. We had been friends 
  since childhood. And yet my first stupid action on the first day of "being 
  in charge" of the company I had inherited had been to tell her off for 
  calling me "Sab", her pet name for me since forever, reminding her 
  arrogantly that I had been named Sabrina but that from now on, given her 
  status relative to mine, I would prefer that in public she addressed me as 
"Miss P****": "Sabrina" would be in order to use when we were in private, 
  but never "Sab". 
   
  Kate loved me as if she were my big sister and indulged me with "Miss P****" 
  from there on, smiling in her mind when she did so, at the thought of how 
  very much like my mother I had grown up to be. Truth told, where business 
  was concerned, I had inherited too much of my mother and not enough of my 
  father. I was a trial to Kate; constantly directing that what should be done 
  was the opposite of what she advised, and only because I was fonder of my 
  new found power than capable of wielding it sensibly. 
   
  One fateful day I unwittingly sowed the seeds of disaster when I signed and 
  had witnessed my signature on a document the contents and meaning of which
  I 
  had no idea of. Other than for the request that two copies be signed one 
  kept and one sent back to the N***** Corporation, it was in Japanese. I 
  insisted I sign it. Kate was away. I ordered that nobody tell Kate, adding 
  that I did not have to consult her; it was she who had to consult me. I 
  owned the firm not Kate, I insisted for the umpteenth tedious time. 
   
  Education. I had education. I am an intelligent girl. But education and 
  intelligence do not preclude a moment of blind arrogant foolishness. In 
  signing that document I did the stupidest thing I had done in my whole life. 
  I was to pay for that stupidity. I paid. And how! 
   
  Kate was clever and subtle. Despite my objections she got me to go with her 
  and the rest of our management board to meet our biggest customer in Tokyo, 
  the N***** Corporation. I am not racist, but I had argued, against sense 
  given our all but total dependence on the Japanese market, that I did not 
  like or trust the Japanese. 
   
  My silly notions were based on tales I had been told of granny's fate in the 
  second war where she had very briefly been a prisoner of the Japanese of 
  those times, when the family had been in Singapore. I had not been told the 
  full truth. Only the truth it was considered reasonable to tell an 
  impressionable early teenager. And, though I would never have admitted it 
  then or later, the tales I had heard of humiliation and rape had turned me 
  on as a budding woman and had me caressing my sex when abed, as I imagined 
  myself helplessly bound in the hands of drunken Japanese soldiers who needed 
  me to tell the plans of the upcoming attack. Of course I always told them, 
  crying out as I orgasmed, such was their erotically imagined brutality to 
  me. 
   
  Our management board met on the Thursday before we were to fly over the 
  weekend to Tokyo and a meeting there on the Wednesday of the following week. 
  I was behaving particularly petulantly that day. Kate made an impassioned 
  and brilliant statement of our position and how we would be out of business 
  if we did not gain renewal of the contract with N*****. So clear was her 
  exposition there was absolutely no doubt how we stood. There was little 
  discussion, her statement left nothing to discuss. She went on to outline 
  our negotiating tactics and our "bottom line". We needed a price increase to 
  survive in business. Ten-percent would be more than enough. Five-percent 
  would balance the books. Less than five-percent and we would have to start 
  throwing people overboard. Two-percent or less and we were dead. If proof of 
  her indispensability were needed (and it was not) she showed it that day. 
   
  I thanked Kate for this, and then reminded the board, yet again, that it was 
  my company and not Kate's. The five men who were on the board together with 
  Kate and myself, hid their horror as I announced that no deal with N***** 
  could be reached without me and that nobody would go to Tokyo unless I were 
  in full and sole charge of the negotiations. Kate's only role would be that 
  of my interpreter, secretary, and bag carrier. Unless I asked her, she would 
  take no part in the discussions. I would be in sole charge and would choose 
  my own way of proceeding. 
   
  The motion was put to the board. Kate seconded it out of love for me. Nobody 
  dare vote against me. The verdict was unanimous. I would run the show and I 
  would show them a thing or two.
  THE CONTRACT (by Eve Adorer)

Chapter 2 - Not What She Bargained For

To say that the flight to Japan was tedious in the extreme would be to
completely understate it. My poor colleagues had more than the awful flight
to put up with though. They had to put up with an awful fright too. Me. From
the very beginning I behaved, although a supposedly mature woman of
twenty-two, like a spoilt brat. I complained to and bossed the stewardesses
even more than I threw my shapely 115 pounds around with my colleagues.

Kate was, as ever, patience itself. However, she was to tell me much later
that it had almost begun to be more for her proud memory of and respect for
my late father that she had indulged me, than for love of me and our
long-time friendship. She could have walked out on us at any time. She could
have got a better-paid job almost anywhere. We would have sunk without trace
if it were not for her talents. And yet I began to tell her, before one of
the men skilfully steered me away from the subject, that I considered that
as she was now just my secretary, we needed to discuss a downward adjustment
of her pay. That, I opined, would be a start to keeping the company out of
the red.

On the day of the meeting I flounced into the boardroom at N***** as if it
were the N***** Corporation I owned and not, what for N*****, was a hitherto
well respected but minor contractor whose only real asset was the brains of
its engineers and the skill of its manageress, Kate, in delivering to time
and quality a product more advanced than the competition in the electronics
market.

I had dressed the part. Power dressing they call it: slate-grey with darker
pinstripe jacket over white silk blouse, jacket-matching pinstriped
mini-skirt only six-inches below my firm pert butt when I stood, and black
extra-long self-support stockings. I topped this rig out with three-inch
black stilettos.

Underneath I was all in black: brassier to go with the stockings, I also
wore what were then new to the market: garter panties. They consisted of
abundantly frilly black garters, one for each leg, with bright red ribbon
interwoven and a black stretch gusset between them. Essentially a pair of
garters joined together in their middle. They were exciting and daring for a
girl to wear. They were worn high up the thighs just below and touching one'
s butt cheeks. One's butt was entirely bare.

The garters assisted in holding up my extra-long black stockings. They were
also there as a secret thrill for me as the wearer. Their gusset did not
really cover anything. Somehow the failure of the gusset to hide one's sex
made one feel more naked than if the gusset were not there at all. I was a
sexy girl and I was taking no prisoners. I was a girl with a knockout face,
body, and awesome legs, and I was going to kick them dead.

I was for none of this polite bowing and spoke loudly of my suspicion that
although all present from N***** spoke only in Japanese they were perfectly
fluent in English. Kate knew that with some of them that was indeed the
case, but appreciated that they thought it better tactics to have us at the
disadvantage of needing an interpreter. All was fair in love and war. If it
were not that we were the juniors in this negotiation, she would have
arranged the same in reverse.

As we finally sat around the table, I was very annoyed that even after I had
been introduced all round the twenty N***** representatives as the new owner
and managing director of our company, all eyes on the N***** side of the
board turned to Kate for the opening of discussions. I was even more annoyed
when Kate began to talk away in Japanese and was being respectfully and very
carefully listened to by N*****.

My anger grew and I tapped my foot impatiently until there was a gap in
Kate's
flow of speech and N*****'s president was about to answer her. I brooked
no nonsense and ordered Kate to tell him that we had come here to quadruple
the price of our product and were not going to leave until they agreed.

"We can't tell them that", said Kate to me, "Its crazy. Our price is already
higher than our three main competitors. We win out on quality. The gap is
narrowing on that too". I told Kate to shut up and tell them precisely what
I had said.

I never considered that I had already been heard and understood by the
N***** men who spoke English even though they were not letting on that they
did. Kate heard them passing on what I had said, to their colleagues in
Japanese.

She was brilliant. She took up in Japanese again and told them I was unwell,

being under medical treatment that the air flight had exacerbated the side
affects of. Please would they be forgiving and indulge us with a break till
tomorrow. Politeness itself, the N***** president called his colleagues to
attention bowed courteously and said, in Japanese, that he hoped I would be
better for the next day at 10.00.

Spoilt brat that I was, in our hotel afterwards I had blazing rows with
Kate, with lots of how dare shes and damned this and damned that. If it had
not been for the same astute man, who had steered me from my stupidity in
talking wage cuts on the plane, intervening timely again, I would have told
Kate she was fired.

He could also see that Kate's patience was growing thin and that she might
beat me to the draw by resigning there and then. He poured the only oil I
had made available for the troubled waters, and put it to Kate that what I
had proposed was worth a try. He didn't mean it. But, to his surprise Kate
agreed. She did not really agree either, but could see that it was the only
way to save the firm and her colleagues, and me come to that. After all, it
would be taken as something of a joke or a surprise opening gambit leading
to the real and sensible bargain we were seeking to reach.

Even though Kate was to end up working for N***** a couple of years later, I
am sure she had nothing whatsoever to do with what was to happen the next
day.

The meeting at N***** began at 10.00 sharp. I was in more reflective mood
now than on the day before. I had even gone as far as I ever would as of
then toward telling Kate I was sorry and that she should take back the lead
in the talks. That was at breakfast in the hotel. Kate had sensed what I was
wanting to say and saved my injured pride by telling me she would be
honoured to take my advice and that I had come up with a brilliant opening
move. As I stood to leave the table, I kissed her cheek in gratitude.

I made no attempt to intervene at the meeting this time, as Kate began to
tell them what I had yesterday ordered her to tell N*****. Indeed I sat well
back from the table in full view of the N***** men, in what I judged to be a
strategic suggestion of the strong general able to leave the trivia up to
her minions. Their president raising a firm hand silenced Kate even before
she had really started. Then he said something at length, in Japanese of
course, as ever, that made Kate blush visibly.

He pushed across the table a document I recognised. It bore my witnessed
signature. Kate looked aghast: "She's already signed the contract", she
moaned to no one in particular, "she signed already for reduced prices!" The
N***** president continued to talk. Kate blushed deeper.

Still blushing, she turned round to me with a look of total despair at the
situation I had put us in. By signing that paper, I had already defeated the
objective of our negotiations. Trying to cover for the shocking awareness of
how stupid I had been, I merely asked Kate what the N***** chief had said
latterly.

"What did he say?" I asked. She clearly was not going to tell me. The silly
temper I had inherited from my mother was beginning to rise again. "Tell me
what he said Kate, I want to know what he said".

"You don't" Kate replied. "Tell me and tell me now!" I demanded. The N*****
men sat as inscrutable of face as is the clich&eacute; for all oriental gentlemen.
"Okay" said Kate, "if you really want to know, he said that he knew you have
been foolish and he was before, and still is, prepared to tear up what you
signed, but now, after your behaviour yesterday, he absolutely insists on
one, just one condition before he will do it. He also said you have
beautiful legs and asked if you are wearing any panties".

My look of total shock and my deep scarlet blushing from hairline to
neckline told the N***** president that his message had been conveyed. He
began to talk to Kate again and at some length, as I crossed by superbly
shapely black-stockinged legs, thereby displaying even more of my gorgeous
thighs, and looked at the shamed embarrassed hanging heads of my male fellow
board members at the table in front of where I sat.

When the N***** president had finished speaking, Kate turned to me and told
me she was under instruction to give me a message and did I really want to
hear what that message was. I was all too aware of the Japanese fascination
with my legs as I sat now very self-consciously. With the last vestige of my
broken pride, so, as if I didn't really care, though of course I did, I just
said, "Tell me, I might as well be knowing what these pigs have to say".

Kate swallowed hard. The Japanese sat silent looking at my face as Kate
passed the message. Kate made several false and hesitant starts, which was
not like her at all. The sum of what she said can be drawn together thus,
although it does not fully convey the roundabout and embarrassed and
apologetic way in which she felt forced to put it to me: "He says Sabrina my
love, he says, the president of N***** says that is, that the only price at
which they will give us a contract and tear up the one you signed, is; ..
the only contract we'll get is; is, is ...They will only renew our contract
if you agree to be whipped".

I was totally and absolutely stunned shocked and astounded. After endless
hesitation, blushing deep deep scarlet, my head hanging in shame because I
could feel a wetness in my sex as the masturbatory fantasies I had indulged
as a girl flashed through my mind, I stammered: "Tell them to go to
hell....Tell them they disgust me and that they are pigs to talk to me or
even about me that way!"

Then suddenly I said, "No; don't tell them that".

Their president was talking again. Kate turned to me with tears welling in
her loving eyes. I had effectively signed away the company, daddy's company,
granddaddy's company, and they were using it as blackmail for their
perverted ends.

"He says you are a beautiful girl and that we get no contract unless you
submit to being whipped by geishas in what he calls 'a deflowering way'. I
cannot quite interpret that last bit" she apologised. "It will be done in
this boardroom this afternoon in front of all of us here now, starting at
14.00. It must begin by your returning to this boardroom totally nude. You
will then step up onto the board table and walk around on it so that they
can admire you fully naked and humiliated. Finally, you will be bound and
whipped on your bare body."

Why I said it I will never know, it can only have been the chance for
fulfilment of my fantasies with the overcoming of my horrendously stupid
blunder secondary. I had soaked my garter-panty gusset with my girl-juice as
I listened, and was bright crimson and perspiring in a scolding hot flush.
With but a moment's hesitation I told Kate to: "Tell them 'yes', tell them I
agree provided they quadruple our price as I asked through you before, and
tear up the agreement I signed."

To her credit Kate told them just that. "It's a deal," she told me straight
afterwards. "If you confirm right here and now that you will go through with
it, it's a deal".

"Okay; okay; I'll do it" I said, "I'll do what they want".

Kate conveyed this to the N***** president.

The meeting was over. As he rose and then bowed the N***** president told me
with a smile, in the clearest of American accented English: "You are as
brave as you are beautiful".
THE CONTRACT (by Eve Adorer)

Chapter 3 - Sabrina Pays The Price

And so I was on the boardroom table. Naked as the day I was born, I was
walking barefoot on the boardroom table. I was commanding. I was disdainful.
I was an empress. I was an ice cool Tsarina. I was stunningly beautiful, and
the awesome power of my wonderful woman's body to fascinate arouse astound
and provoke put me in charge. There was silence, total silence, as I walked
in front of each N***** man and, shaking my mid-back-long loose black
naturally curled hair from my face, squatted in front and challenged him to
look into my mesmerising dark brown eyes. Each man looked down shamed and
overwhelmed. Each man that is, except the N***** president who repeatedly
intoned in English: "Exquisite.. you are just so exquisite!"

There was applause as the geisha girls who were there to torture me, helped
me down. I could, there and then, I swear, have asked to be let off the
whipping, and the N***** men would have agreed without protest. But I knew
that their president would have used his overriding veto to enforce the
total fulfilment of my contract.

The men gathered round, many with very clear evidence in their pants of the
lust my beautiful body had provoked and was still invoking. We were in a
clear space at the end of the huge boardroom, well away from the table I had
just stepped from. As I stood facing the N***** board and my own men, with
Kate looking on from a distance, my wrists were strapped behind me. I was
then made to kneel and had straps tied round my individual ankles and thighs
to bind each ankle, legs tightly folded my heels touching my butt
hemispheres, to its respective thigh.

Even as I knelt thus bound, two straps were being lowered from a pulley in
the ceiling. These were passed under my armpits and tied off in non-slip
nooses. I was then slowly pulled up from the floor till my butt was
four-feet from the ground. My gorgeous strong bound legs swung and twisted
with my body.

"You are to receive a sexual whipping", announced the N***** president. "You
will be whipped in the way that Chinese emperors had virgin girls deflowered
for their pleasure. However, the geishas will only be using platted leather
whips without the spiked-ball-end the emperors' slaves employed, as we are
only seeking to punish not to break the hymen that a sensuously sexy girl
like you will have long since surrendered to girlhood's enthusiastic
&nbsp;fingers", he continued.

"As with the emperor's virgin's, you will have a constant terrible choice: a
battle in your mind: a classic dilemma."

"In your case, you must take three lashes within the lips of your sex. But
that is very, very, painful, so you will want to keep your lovely legs tight
closed to stop it from happening."

"But that will be no answer, because whilst ever you keep your thighs closed
you will be whipped on each leg alternately till you open them to be whipped
between them. And if you keep your thighs closed for six strokes on each
leg, you will additionally be whipped on your breasts to make you open your
girlhood wide."

"You will be driven by pain and the longing to end your punishment to open
your legs. But to be whipped inside your cunt is very, very, very painful.
So you will inevitably close your thighs again and they and your breasts
will be whipped once more till you cannot take it any longer and you will
wide-open your cunt to the whip again, to get your torture over, and so on
round and round."

"In sum, you must fight to defend the most tender and sensitive organ of
your exquisite body from having its wonderfully tight outer lips sundered by
the force of the whip that, if it penetrates you, will rape your supremely
sensitive inner lips and clitoris savagely and inhumanly, thereby filling
every cubic millimetre of you with excruciating unbearable pain!"

I caught a glimpse of Kate crying, tears running down her cheeks.

"Bastards!" I shouted, "bastards!"

"Whip her!" ordered the N***** Corporation president, and my cruel ordeal
began.

Five girls were armed with black tapering three-foot-long, single strand,
three-ply platted leather, wrist-hoop-handled whips. Each of two took a
stance either side of my suspended body. Their whips would beat the leg and
thigh nearest them. Two more were behind me to bring their whips round on my
breasts and, inevitably, my tender nipples, unless I kept my tight folded
tied legs up to defend them.

The fifth girl would wait patiently in front of me till I parted my legs.
There were also two more geisha girls standing holding whips at the ready in
reserve to cover for tiring arms.

I fought my bonds, terrified of what I had volunteered for. I cried out for
mercy and begged them to let me free even before my beating had begun. I
danced sexily, gorgeous huge thighed tied legs rising and falling, my
breasts swaying, and my body swinging on the loops under my armpits as I
fought to avoid the blows that had not even begun to strike me yet.

I cried out "no. please no...please, I beg you please, no!!" I was watched
by all assembled as I cowered away from my fate. The men I could see were
enjoying my body being so provocatively displayed and inescapably secured
for the beating that was inevitable once I had exhausted myself. The men who
had the greatest look of pleasure on their faces were my fellow board
members, the men who worked for me. Two geishas were restraining Kate, as
she too begged for my release.

And the look on the faces of those geishas was one of absolutely pure
sadistic malevolence toward me. Of all the people who were going to enjoy my
suffering, none would enjoy it more than these pretty geishas, girls who had
been trained in the art of delivering pain to their fellow girls: girls who
were the mistresses of their art and enjoyed their work, with a deep, deep,
sexually motivated pleasure.

I was at last having to rest my body shining from and trickling girl-sweat,
girl-sweating sweet girl-smellingly from the totally useless fighting of my
bonds. The leg whipping geisha girls showed no mercy as they hit my gorgeous
folded legs as ferociously as they could, unerringly accurately left and
then right. An echoing
cruel "thwick!" .. "thwick!" from the slap of the whips was followed by my
individual screams of shocked pain. It hurt so. It hurt incredibly. It hurt
more that I imagined it could. It hurt more than anything I had endured in
my entire life.

Even as I was still howling and swinging in my bonds they whipped my legs
again; and again; and again; and again. This was no game: no pretence. My
lovely soft girl-skinned legs bore six livid crimson raised welts each as
testimony that this was no game. And my tongue was shooting out of my
wide-open mouth, I was screaming so loudly with the terrible pain.

To try and get my whipping over and to avoid the horror of having my breasts
whipped, I lowered and wide-parted my thighs just as they intended I should
be forced to by their whipping them so blisteringly hard. And the girl
standing in front of me flicked her whip up skilfully savagely brutally
cruelly accurately and unmercifully inside my tender slightly agape
girl-lips with a resounding "thwick!!"

I howled and slapped my thighs shut so fast and so hard that there was a
huge echoing "smack" of girl-flesh on girl-flesh, and I danced in my bonds
raising and lowering my gorgeous bound legs and squeezing my wonderful
thighs hard into each other to try and ease the horrible terrible unbearable
savagely stinging throbbing searing pain in my sex.

I was being forced to behave provocatively sexily and I could see some of
the N***** men being masturbated by more geishas as their eyes, men and
girls' both, feasted on this cruel torture of my wonderful girl-sweat
glistening body.

My tight folded legs were being repeatedly and brutally whipped once more:
"thwick!" .. "thwick!", over and over as I danced in my bonds to avoid the
savage blows and yet to keep my thighs together for fear of the
ten-thousand-fold more savage pain from being whipped inside my girl-lips.
My savage cries echoed around the room: no words were formed, just the
screams of my pain.

And my exceedingly sexy gyrations provoked more animal desire to see me
suffer and dance, so sexily, dangled in my straps. My wonderful powerful
girl-legs now bore twelve raised red livid welts. Please heaven I could not
bear to have them whip my breasts. I lowered and opened my legs out wide;
unable to bear even them being beaten any longer and longing against longing
to get my punishment over.

The girl at the front flicked her whip expertly up hard inside my thus
opened sex once more: "thwick!!". My thunderous thighs slapped shut so
rapidly I caught her whip hard between them before it withdrew. And, as she
had the loop at the end of the whip handle around her wrist, I pulled her
off her feet as I danced like a dervish squealing and screaming and
twisting, thighs squeezed as one together, howling in my excruciating pain.

And then an orgasm began. It was slow rolling thunder. I was overwhelmed by
the transformation. My girl's body had betrayed me and my girl-mind was
overwhelmed by the mistress between my girl-legs. She who has ultimate
command over every girl, now had total command over me. My girlhood's mind,
the mind of my sex, was mistress over me now.

The whipping of my legs suddenly felt as if I were being repeatedly punched
unmercifully in a fist beating from a frenzied lust overwhelmed lover who
would not take my "no" for his answer as he slapped me into letting him fuck
me. I bore six more lashes on each leg moaning and gasping eyes rolling in
what was now my mounting sexual pleasure.

Then I started to cry out to my tormentors dementedly. I ordered them to
whip me. I begged them to whip me. I screamed abuse at them demanding over
and over that they whip me, and then pleading that they whip me and whip me
harder and harder and harder still.

And they whipped me!! The two girls behind me joined in. They whipped round
my body to slap my lovely breasts and their beautiful rosebud nipples,
smacking my firm pert udders so hard into my chest with savage blows that
all but smashed the breath from my lungs.

All four girls whipped me, and whipped me, and whipped me, harder and harder
on my bare legs and my naked breasts, provoked and aroused by my wanton foul
tongued begging outcries and the pleasure of beating a beautiful sexy
sexual, helplessly bound girl, dancing provocatively seductively girl-sweat
drippingly in her tight bonds.

Then I parted my stupendous thighs as wide as I could and: "thwick!!!!" I
was whipped inside my girl-musk dribbling sex a third wickedly brutally hard
time.

I now danced dangling in my tight bonds, gorgeous legs hard together rubbing
and squeezing stupendous girl-sweaty whipped girl-thigh hard against
stupendous girl-sweaty whipped girl-thigh, and raising and lowering my bound
legs in sexual abandon animally as I tried to finish my orgasm, screaming
and shouting in the foulest of foul language and squealing at them to whip
me begging them to whip me so that I could come so the stupendous orgasm I
was on the verge of would come&nbsp;.....

...but my three cunt strokes penalty having been paid, the whipping ceased.

They were done with me. I had fulfilled my contract. Whether or not I
orgasmed was my problem and my problem alone, not theirs.

They would do absolutely nothing to finish me. I could do absolutely nothing
to finish me. As I continued to hoarse croak my pleas that they whip me so
that my orgasm would come, my humiliation was total, and girl-tears from
wonderfully agonising pain and total sexual frustration mingled with the
salty girl-sweat running in rivulets down my pleading, green flashing brown
eyed, astonishingly beautifully pink flushed face, as I swayed supremely
sexily, crimson-red multi-whip-stroke-striped, above a pool on the floor
immediately beneath me: a pool of my girl-sweat and cunt juice...

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Eve Adorer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





