BDSM Library - The Plight of Patti




The Plight of Patti
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 20 year old blonde Patti is kidnapped, stretched and suspended.  Then she is humiliated and raped before being sold for auction.
The Plight of Patti (Part I) by  Trainman

Author's note: This is a work of pure fiction and fantasy.  If you are unable to
discern the difference between fantasy and reality, you should not be reading
this story.


     Patti walked with a haughty jaunt toward her car in the parking lot. She
was making her body bounce and jiggle in all the right places. She walked by
placing one long, lean leg crossing over the other.  The effect caused her body
to bounce and rounded ass cheeks to jiggle.  The men in the large green van
licked their lips in anticipation.  On this  warm summer day, Patti was showing
off her 20-year-old body.  She wore a tight, short, red skirt and matching
sleeveless red blouse. The skirt came to mid a thigh. The neck of the blouse was
U shaped and dipped tantalizingly low on her chest  showing off the tops of her
very large breasts.  In fact, the business school that she was enrolled in asked
her to wear something more appropriate next time since they felt that having her
tits hang out was inappropriate. They did not say it that way, of course, but
you knew what they meant.  The material of the blouse was so sheer that the
outline of the lacy design of her large 38 D cup bras was plainly visible to all
who cared to look.  The men in the van were looking very closely.  They would be
getting a much closer look in a matter of seconds.  Her legs were long, smooth,
slim, but muscular. The black high heels she was wearing helped to emphasize the
youthful smoothness of her calves and helped shape the outline of her ass cheeks
against the fabric of the skirt. Those cheeks moved delightfully as she walked.
Her face was beautiful with large wide blue eyes, small nose and pouty red lips.
Her straight blonde hair was parted in the middle and its length ended in a
slight outward flip at her shoulders. 

     The men watched her nubile breasts bounce and sway with each step that she
took as she walked rapidly  toward her car.  The van inched closer toward her
and before she knew what happened she was swooped up and shoved into the van's
interior.  She screamed, but the van door was already closed and the interior
was sound proofed.  Three hooded men looked at her while she was on the floor
with her skirt up to her thighs and her long legs well exposed to their searing
glances.  She began to struggle, from outrage and growing fear, but was no match
for the three strong men.  Her delicate wrists were cuffed behind her back and
her pretty ankles were also cuffed together.  A blindfold was placed over her
eyes and a sponge gag was stuffed into her large mouth.  She struggled on the
van floor, but all she did was hike up her skirt  and lower her blouse showing
more luscious skin.  One of the men saw her blouse lower revealing more cleavage
and thought he could make out just the barest hint of the areola of her right
nipple just below the bra cup, but it proved to just be just a shadow. How
disappointing, he thought. He was, however, treated to about half of an exposed
tit well mounded over the bra cup rim.  He dearly wanted to rip off her blouse
and bra and suck on those luscious breasts, but the boss always wanted to be the
first one to do that.

     Patti shivered with terror and fear as she lay on the floor.  She felt her
long legs exposed and she knew her short skirt did not hide them from their lewd
glances.  She also felt the downward tug on her low-cut blouse and sensed that
her upper chest  was bare.  Why did she have  to show herself off today, she
thought?  She tried to remain still, but she was quivering.  She became
embarrassed and even more fearful when she heard one of the men exclaim,
"Christ, look at the nice boobs the bitch has got, they're tremendous.  I'd love
to suck 'em and fuck her right now."

     She was really frightened now and tried to struggle out of her bonds, but
quickly stopped when another of the men observed, "Look at those tits bounce!"
Patti realized that she was in deep shit.  She read about girls being sexually
tortured.  She hoped she wasn't going to be one of them. Just two weeks ago she
read about a girl named Janice who was missing and had not been found(see the
"Perils of Janice.")  While she had a dynamite body and showed it off, she
didn't have all that much experience with sex.  One boyfriend actually felt her
up, but only outside her clothing. Another actually got to remove her bra before
she ended it. It was very dark and Patti did not think he had gotten to see
anything. She did enjoy the attention she got when she dressed the way she did. 
Men stared at her chest, almost asking if those jutting globes were for real. No
surgeon touched those melons.  Unfortunately, she had attracted the attention of
the wrong people and now she was about to suffer the consequences. She almost
wished she had small breasts like some of her friends.

     The van ride was long and the air inside was stifling.  She started to
sweat.  Her blouse was clinging as sweat dripped from her body.  The light
material molded itself to her torso and that just accented the big bar encased
breasts.  She still felt the hem of her skirt above her upper thigh. And dreaded
that her panties were surely exposed.  She couldn't see so she didn't know if
they were staring at her, which they were, so she didn't know which way to turn.
She started to cry.  She felt a hand on her exposed thigh and another on her
ass.  Then she heard, "The boss doesn't like'em crying, so you better shut up!" 
She tried to control herself,  and then the hands were removed from her body,
after a knowing caress on her thigh.

     The van finally stopped and hands lifted her out and she was dragged into a
room where she was made to stand up.  Her blind fold was removed and she quickly
blinked and looked around wildly and sitting at a desk was the fiercest man she
had ever seen.  His face was dark and angry looking and his eyes were deeply
penetrating and right now they were pointed at her and looking up and down her
body.  He made no pretense about what he was looking at and licked his lips
several times.  He must be the boss, she thought.  He turned to his workers and
said, "Thank you gentlemen. You've brought me another great set of tits.  As
usual you'll be paid well."  The men left and Patti stood before this monster.
He kept looking at her while she was standing in front of him.

     He said, "Well, my men brought me a winner.  My penis is already getting 
hard just looking at you and thinking about what I'm going to do to you."  With
that, she started struggling with her bonds and began to whimper.  He quickly
moved toward her and slapped her face back and forth.  He shouted, "I hate
bitches who cry.  If you don't want me to slap you around, shut up."  She again
tried to control herself, but  her body wouldn't stop shaking.  "You look
nervous," he exclaimed.  "You should be, since you don't know what's going to
happen.  Well,  I'll tell you a little.  You and I are going to become very good
friends, I mean intimate friends, like I am going to have intimate knowledge
with that great body of yours," he informed her. She cringed and reddened. He
laughed.

     He put his hands on her smooth calves and traveled up and down her legs. 
She tried to move away, but since both her ankles were tied together, she
couldn't.  His hands glided up and over her knees to her silky thighs, and then
under her skirt which rode up as he continued his examination.  When his hands
stopped, they were almost to her waist and the skirt was bunched above his
hands.  He had a very nice view of her dainty, black lace bikini cut panties. 
He stared at them for a few seconds. His finger glided around to her round ass
cheeks and he squeezed.  She groaned and trembled. She couldn't believe this was
happening to her.  She desperately tried to pull away from his hands, but she
wasn't able to move away.  This man was gazing at her exposed panties and was
squeezing her ass cheeks and she was helpless. And, she didn't even know who he
was.

     Patti felt the pressure end on her ass as he took his hands away from her
body, but only for a moment, since he now put them on her waist, in the front,
just over the panties.  By this time her red U shaped, sleeveless blouse was out
of her skirt and his hands were on her bare skin and moved upward under the
blouse. She fought, but he just grabbed and his hands moved up to her large
breasts.  He squeezed and fondled her large breasts for a second or two and was
rewarded when he felt her nipples become somewhat erect through the bra.  He
then removed his hands from her breasts.  The blouse stayed above her bra and he
made no effort to hide his staring.  Her black lace bra was large and was a
heavy contrast to her white body.  He moved around to her back and read the
label, "38 D cup!  That's great!.  Your tits are tremendous and,  I'm a tit man.  
I love big boobed bitches.  Yours are rather nice," he chortled. "I see your
nipples got hard from me squeezing them.  Soon I'll see what they look like! I
hope they're pink, and large.  I love big nipples that respond when I lick and
suck and tug them!" She became light headed.  He took a set of tissues and
removed the cap from a bottle, poured a little of the substance on the tissues
and pressed them over her mouth and nose.  She held her breath as long as she
could, but when she inhaled, she started to see black.  The last thing she felt
was both his hands holding on to and squeezing her breasts as she fell.

     When Patti awoke she couldn't willfully move her body.  She also felt stiff
and her legs and shoulders hurt.  She was hanging by her wrists that were
fastened to leather cuffs which in turn were fastened to chains going up to and
disappearing into the ceiling.  Her wrists were about two feet apart.  Her arms,
however, were crushing her ears and head.  There was a leather strap that held
those arms against her head, preventing her from any movement. The strap also
passed through the large ring gag that kept her mouth impossibly open.  The ring
was behind her teeth and she felt as if her jaw was about to break. Her ankles
were about four feet apart held by leather cuffs attached to chains disappearing
into the floor. Her shoes had been removed and her toes just barely touched the
floor.  If she strained and stretched she was able to touch the floor relieving
the pressure on her shoulders.  Her skirt had ridden up her thighs and the
bottom of her panties covering her quivering ass cheeks could just be seen.  Her
breasts were pushed high on her chest from the position of her arms.  Thus, she
was helpless, with her arms tied tightly against her head, preventing it from
moving.  Her shoulders supported most of her weight since she was not always
able to reach the floor.  Patti felt fear and anxiety and some anticipation
about what was going to come. She knew she was going to be naked soon and worse,
was probably going to be raped.  The fear traveled down her belly and into her
crotch. She also felt very warm.  There were two bright spot lights that
illuminated her body.  They were hot and she felt herself sweating.  The
moisture dripped down her armpits, down the side of her body, only to get
absorbed by the material of the blouse.  Patti also felt the sweat dripping down
her forehead. She frantically squinted about the room by moving her eyes and saw
the boss, sitting at his desk just smiling at her in cruel anticipation about
what was to come. She realized that she couldn't close her mouth and try as she
might, she was unable to swallow the saliva her glands were producing.  She was
disgusted with herself because several globs of spit starting drooling out of
her mouth.  She felt the thick  liquid drip down her chin and onto her chest.
The drool landed right in her exposed cleavage.  Her boobs were getting a saliva
bath.  She felt the wetness drip into the space between her large round breasts
and down into the lacy, frilly material of the bra.  It also became absorbed by
the material of the blouse and slowly a large wet spot spread across the large
protuberances of her tits.  Try as she might, she was unable to swallow fast
enough to prevent the drool from leaving her wide open O-shaped mouth. The sweat
was also contributing to the wetness of the blouse material.  Slowly, but
surely, her blouse was becoming transparent allowing him to see her bra and some
extra hints of flesh! At least he hadn't taken her clothes off, yet!

      However, she had a bad feeling that this was only a temporary situation.
Those places on a woman's body that are accentuated, sometimes half exposed, yet 
still  hidden for hungry male eyes were most likely to be well exposed shortly. 
Patty shuddered at the thought that the disgusting boss could do whatever he
wanted to her, since she could barely move.  He had already squeezed her breasts
through her bra.  She winced when she saw him get out of his chair, move around
his desk and approach her helpless nubile body.  He stopped moving when he was
about two feet from her defenselessly stretched and spreadeagled body, 
purposefully looking her up and down.  She caught a glimpse of a gleaming object
in his hand.  It was a blade of some sort and she wasn't stupid.  She knew what
its purpose was.  He smiled at her and held up the blade. "This  is rather sharp
and I wouldn't want to cut you, if I don't have to," he mentioned casually. 
"However, I do have to admit, I get a little aroused at seeing a nice round
young smooth tit and my hand might shake a little, so if I were you, right now,
I'd stay rather still and not move a tit, as it were."  He laughed at his
attempt at humor.  She just wanted to die.  This pervert with the blade was
about to strip her naked. "I'm looking forward to seeing your bra again. I want
to see your bra. May I?" he asked with the obvious attempt at humiliating her
even more than she already was, or, would be shortly.  "Uh, Uh," she grunted
through the ring gag.  He looked at her again and lifted the blade to her left
cheek, and demanded, "I want to see your bra again.  This blade is rather sharp. 
May I see your bra?"  She watched the blade near her face and with a big gulp of
air said through the gag, "yeth."  "Thank you," he mentioned with a smirk.

     He lifted the blade and her dilated humid eyes followed his every move. 
She had to strain to watch what he was doing, because she couldn't move her
head.  About the only thing she could do presently was drool.  And drool, she
did.  He noticed and commented, "I see that you can't wait for me to get you all
nice and naked.  That'll happen. "By the way," he added, "You're a present to me
from my associates and I like to unwrap presents that are given to me."  He
moved the blade under her left arm pit and  grabbed the material there, touched
the blade to it and pushed downward.  The thin material of the blouse offered no
resistence and it parted, showing more skin on the side of her torso, past the
bra strap and down to her waist.  The side of her left bra cup was visible.  He
went over to her right side and repeated the action. It was very quiet and one
could hear the material separating.  When he finished, the side of her right bra
cup was exposed as was an ample amount of skin along the right side of her
torso.  He cut the material from her neck to the top of her right shoulder and
the ruined blouse fell across her right breast.  The right bra strap and bra cup
was in his full view.  He didn't stop to look as he seemed to be on a mission. 
He repeated the action with her left shoulder  and the material was parted,
hesitated for a second or so and then the whole blouse, gently fell to the floor
in front of her feet.  Her chest was exposed to his vision.  He appreciated the
smooth lines of her back as he circled her twice.  He appreciated even  more her
wet glistening breasts imprisoned within the confines of her frilly black lace
bra.  The cups were rather low cut.  She had purposely bought this exact bra so
that she could wear low-cut tops.  Now she wished that she had worn a more
traditional conservative bra.  But, she thought, what was the difference.  She
knew the ultimate outcome of what was occurring.  It didn't matter what she
wore.  All of it was coming off.  It was a matter of minutes, or, seconds.    He
stared at her full bra and licked his lips.  "I must tell you that my penis is
getting harder by the minute.  You'll meet it soon!" he chortled. She blanched
at his comment.  

     His glance moved to her crotch area and she realized that her skirt was
probably the next item to be cut away. "I want to see your panties again," he
informed her.  She hadn't realized it previously, but with her legs so far
apart, her skirt had ridden up her thighs and it was stretched rather tightly
across them.  You could probably strum a tune or two on the skirt hem.  It
actually hurt.  His hand reached out and touched her left thigh, just under the
skirt, because he could.  He bent down and peered upward and was able to see the
band of panty covering her crotch.  He was getting more and more aroused at her
growing nakedness and the anticipation of what was to come.  He knew he was
going to rape her silly.  He cut the skirt next to her right thigh from the hem
upward to the waist past the black lace dainty panties.  Her right leg was
totally exposed from ankle to waist and his finger tips moved up and down that
long beautiful shapely leg.  He hesitated briefly when he got to her panties and
she held her breath, but he just rubbed at the elastic band of the thigh and
waist area.   He moved the blade to her left thigh and repeated his activity and
her left leg was fully exposed.  Another snip here and there and her skirt fell
uselessly to the floor, next to the ruined blouse.  She was left stretched and
spreadeagled in her bra and panties.    He stared at the juncture between her
legs and marveled at the sprigs of blonde public hair that were filtering
through the panty material.  He also appreciated the full bulging tits still
partially hidden by the black lace bra.  Patti almost looked as if she were
wearing a black bikini and she was stretching up in the air-almost.  Her bulging
muscles around her armpits and the fact that blonde public hair was filtering
through the panties and her legs were widespread gave it away.  Her expression
of fright and humiliation in her eyes also gave it away.  She wasn't on the
beach in a bikini.  She had been kidnaped, drugged, and now she was spreadeagled
and hanging in her black bra and matching panties.       He put the blade down
and took his hands and placed them right on her breasts and squeezed hard.  So
hard that it brought tears to her eyes.  She was about to scream, when he
released his grip.  He then allowed his hands to stray across her rib cage that
was prominently displayed under tightly stretched skin.  The boss moved his hand
down across her taut abdomen, across her belly button to the elastic waist band
of the black panties.  She held her breath in anticipation, as he put one finger
under the waist band and moved around her body.  When he got to her back, he
squeezed her tight ass cheeks and took the rear panels of the panties and
bunched them into her ass crack.  Her wonderfully round tight ass globes  were
exposed and he was gliding his fingertips up and around the mounds of quivering
flesh.  She was contracting her cheeks in an attempt to protect her anus and
crack between her cheeks.  He just kept gliding his fingers up and down the
smooth mounds.  He moved his fingers from her lower back across her left ass
cheek down to her upper thigh, across to her right upper thigh, up across her
right ass cheek and back to the smooth skin of her lower back.  In other
circumstances Patti might have found this tactile stimulation most pleasant, but
not here, and  not like this.  She could not move her head so she could not see
what he was doing.

     He moved around to face her again and for a few minutes was content to
watch her body slowly become wet and shiny from the sweat and drool.  He watched
rivulets of sweat glide down the sides of her body from her armpits, across her
torso, her hips, and legs.  He watched saliva drop down from her chin and caress
her cleavage, only to disappear in between those cushy globes.  Several drops
were leaking from the bra and the slick substance continued its downward path
into her navel.  Soon her belly button overflowed and the saliva dribbled
further down to her panties.  Her panties were getting wet with saliva and
sweat. He saw another glob of saliva leave her mouth and he grabbed it with his
fingers and proceeded to lightly rub the exposed tops of her breasts with the
very tips of his fingers.  As he rubbed the tops of her breasts he commented, "I
like my women wet and shiny. I like'em wet all over.  I'm gonna rub you up." 
She just hung there, watching this maniac rub the tops of her breasts with her
own saliva, unable to alter the course of events.  

     "I want to see your breasts.  I want to see what color nipples you have and
how big they are.  May I?" he asked her in a very innocent voice.  Patti knew
this was going to occur, but all the same she dreaded it and all she could do
was vehemently scream, "Uh, Uh."  Her jaw was aching and so were her shoulders. 
Several times she attempted to get her toes onto the ground but could not for
any length of time. He watched her stretching her body trying to reach the
floor.  He loved his women stretched out and struggling. His penis reacted to
the show. "Well?" he demanded.  The blade was in view again and he brought the
point right to her left nipple through the bra and looked her in the eye. 
Patti's body shuddered and with total defeat, said, "yeth."  He went behind her
and cut the left shoulder right where it met with the back strap.  He did the
same to the right shoulder strap.  Walking around facing her again he looked at
the two ruined bra straps hanging limply against the bra cups directly over her
nipples. Her breathing expanded and contracted her breasts.  He sighed with
pleasure as he paused taking in the sight.  He certainly loved bras, all kinds
and colors, but mostly bigger sizes.  He especially liked C cups and bigger. He
liked them because of what they held.  He loved them most when they were filled
with the tits of a stretched out soon to be naked young nubile blonde.  This
young blonde babe fit the part quite well. Patti shuddered with the anticipation
of her breasts being bare in front of this beast.  Anxiety kept her stomach
boiling.  What would he do to her?  What humiliations would she have to endure? 
It was terrible enough that he made her say yes to each horrible thing that he
was doing to her. She sweated and drooled. She became more frightened as he kept
staring at her bra imprisoned breasts. 

      "Well the show must go on," he commented at last as he inserted the blade
under the small band of fabric connected the bra cups and flicked his wrist
outward. The bra sprang off and her big nude breasts simply hung on her chest. 
He watched the slow burn of embarrassment spread across Patti's face.  He loved
to see a girl's pretty cheeks redden. He turned his view to her nipples.  They
were quite large, perfectly round and centered on her firm round closely spaced
breasts.  The areolae were light pink and were quite large.  In the center of
each areola a darker pink nipple bud was protruding outwards.  They had the
potential of being quite long, with the right stimulation. As she was trying to
comprehend what was happening all she could think was "Oh, my God, oh my God!
He's staring at my tits.  Please don't let my nipples get erect.  This is
horrible."  He kept staring and noticed the little goose bumps on her skin and
areolae leading into the nipples.   He really appreciated the site of the two
large round closely spaced breasts with the large pink pretty nipples and larger
areola resting on her chest rising and falling rapidly with each raspy breath
that she was taking. He almost came in his pants at the site of those exquisite
nipples. His mouth watered at how delicate and pink they were.

     He watched with fascination the amount of activity taking place by these D
cup tits.  First, they rose and fell with each deep breath she was taking.  She
was taking many rapid deep breaths.  Her breasts were jiggling.  Second, several
streams of drool and sweat were taking various paths on their inevitable journey
down her body.  He watched one stream commence from her mouth, down her chin and
onto her chest, passing slowing between her creamy round firm jutting breasts,
down the very center of her protruding rib cage and flowing into her navel for a
second.  It then overflowed and continued down lower, until it reached her lacy
black panties.  It  disappeared into them.  His eyes were distracted by another
stream that originated from the corner of her mouth.  It dribbled down the right
side of her chin and fell directly on the top of her right breast melon and
slowly started downward until it reached the large pink nipple where it hung for
a second and then dripped to the floor.  He grinned as he thought that her
nipples were leaking.  He looked forward to licking them later.

     He took his right index finger and abruptly inserted it into her mouth and
swished it around  her tongue and brought out a glob of saliva and placed his
finger on the circumference of her delicious left areola and began to lightly
trace it round and round.  His left index finger performed the same operation
and he was now tracing her right areola.  When he first touched her with his wet
slippery finger, she bucked and attempted to push away, but there was no where
for her helpless nearly naked body to go.  She breathed more rapidly causing her
breasts to increase their jiggling.  He kept tracing the circumference and
watched as the flesh responded to his touch.  Small bumps and little wrinkles
developed on each areola.  He also watched as more and more goose bumps
developed on her tits.  He grabbed more of her saliva from her mouth and now
moved onto the areola, closer to the nipple buds.  He watched eagerly as the
areola became slightly smaller and a darker pink as the nipples became more and
more erect.  He now took several more globs of drool and with the open palms of
his hands gently rubbed the very tips of her nipples.  Her nipples tickled those
palms, and those hands were having an effect on her.  First and foremost, those
gorgeous nipples were growing.  She attempted to think of all sorts of ways to
will her nipples to stay soft, but nothing she did helped.  Her breathing became
more raspy and she felt delicious flashes that traveled from her nipples through
her breasts and down to her crotch.  Those signals started to cause some
wetness, other than sweat and drool, to form between her legs.  She was
horrified that she might even find this even in the slightest way stimulating.

          She closed her eyes in an attempt to blot out what was happening to
her, and even worse, the betrayal of her body.  The rubbing stopped and she felt
stinging at her breasts because he slapped them back and forth.  The shock and
surprise caused her to open her dilated and humid eyes and look at him.  "Keep
your eyes open, if you know what's good for you!" he threatened with a leering
grin on his face.  "I want you to see what I'm doing. I like to see the
expression in your eyes and on your face.  This arousing game is for me, not for
you, bitch."  She trembled and almost started weeping, but with a great deal of
effort, controlled herself.  Her eyes followed his hands and couldn't believe
how much her nipples protruded from her chest.  She had never seen them this
long.  He continued his wet rubbing.  If he had been her lover, she might have
actually liked what he was doing to her breasts, but since he was her kidnapper,
she attempted to ignore the stimulation. She wasn't able to ignore the
relentless pawing and rubbing. He continued to rub up her nipples and the boob
flesh around them until they were shining and glistening, wet with saliva and
sweat.   

            His hands suddenly glided downward, rubbing her skin stretched
across her rib cage, then her tummy, her navel and finally his hands came to the
last piece of protection she wore: those dainty lacy black bikini cut panties,
which really offered no protection at all.   He bent and stared at them for a
second or two and noticed how they were pasted against her crotch from the sweat
and drool.  Her whole body was wet.  That's how he liked his women: young,
beautiful, blond, big tits, stretched, suspended, helpless, wet and of course,
naked. He could see some blond pubic hair filtering through the lace.  He
decided he liked panties.  When he saw a pair, they were usually filled with the
crotch of a helpless female.  He took his blade to the panties.  She cringed as
he cut the band on her right hip. She couldn't stop herself from being displayed
helplessly naked in front of this monster.  The panel on her left hip was cut. 
The ruined panties just hung in between her legs.  He pulled on the panties
upward toward her breasts causing the material to rub through her ass cheeks
across her pubic area and off her body.  Her stripping was now complete.  She
was as naked as the day she had been born.  He stared at her pubic triangle of
dark blond curls. He was a traditionalist.  He liked pubic hair on women.  He
still had no trouble seeing Patti's vulnerable vagina through the hair.  Since
her legs were spread wide, he was able to get a wonderful glimpse of the
pinkness of her vaginal lips and clitoris.  Her pubic hair was matted from the
sweat and drool and he saw several drops of the stuff slowly trickle down
through her triangle, run along her clitoris and in the very center of her
wide-open lips and drop to the floor.  He entangled his fingers in her pubic
area and rubbed around.  Her whole body tensed and attempted to twist away when
his index finger slyly touched her clitoral bud.  He rubbed it back and forth
and then flicked it while inserting the middle finger of his other hand right
into her vagina.  She tried to pull back and twist, but she couldn't get those
fingers away.  He watched her movement with satisfaction.  Her vagina was wet
with sweat, drool, and perhaps more since he had been stimulating her for about
15 minutes. Her cunt looked so charming and pleasing to his evil  glances. 

     He suddenly stood up, went to the wall on her left and pressed a button. 
She was startled to see a chain drop from the ceiling to the floor.  This chain
ran along the left side of her body.  He fastened it to her left ankle and
removed the floor chain.   Before she could struggle, the chain started moving
slowly upwards.  He helped guide the chain so that her ankle stopped about a
foot to the left of her left wrist.    She grunted and moaned after the motion
of the chain stopped.  She was horrified at her new position and situation. He
simply stared at her in cruel anticipation.

     Her legs were in a deep split, upward, and  her thigh muscles were bulging
and aching. He had a wonderful view of the back of her left leg from toes to
thigh and ass cheek, while at the same time her vagina was facing directly at
him.  Her whole body jerked and trembled.  She could not stop the movement. 
Sweat sprayed off her body. He watched her tits jiggle and bounce erotically. 
He concentrated on the nipples and watched their movement.  He was pleased.  He
liked this position because it was very humiliating to each girl he captured and
the  wonderfully delicate vagina was more accessible, wide open  and so
alluring. Also, the body movement, the shuddering, the trembling, the jiggling,
the bouncing and the sobbing made his penis hard as a rock.  "It's
uncomfortable, isn't it?" he asked with a big wide grin. "Your discomfort is my
helping my erection  and pleasure. Keep bouncing and jiggling!"  All she could
do was wince and whimper.

     He moved away from her for a second and began to remove his clothing until
finally he was naked.  She stared at him in horror and disgust.  His penis was
erect, but its size was about average.  The size didn't matter since it was the
penis that was going to enter her vagina rather soon she imagined, so to Patty,
the penis was tremendous.  He approached her and rubbed his body against hers. 
His penis was even with her vagina and when he rubbed up against her the penis
softly tickled her pubic area. He started licking her lips that were surrounding
the ring gag.  He lathered her lips, above and below, then her chin.  He moved
down to her neck and left wet paths where his tongue had been.   Slowly moving
lower, he moved his slick tongue to her chest.  His licking drooling tongue
reached her beautiful, nubile breasts and he washed them as the drool made them
soaking wet.  He swirled his tongue up her left breast and around the areola of
the nipple.  The tongue slithered in and out, hitting and flicking the nipple
back and forth.  She tried to move away.  Her body spasmed and her tits heaved
up and down, up and down, then slower.  He drew the  erect nipple into his mouth
and sucked slowly and leisurely.  His fingers pulled on her right nipple and
stretched out her breast.  Her face showed pain.  His prick showed pleasure.  As
erect as her nipples were becoming, so was his penis.  He licked her right
breast as he held onto her right nipple.  He let go and it recoiled.  He
hungrily licked and kissed that nipple, the tongue whipping it back and forth.
Her nipples were in full erection, wet, glistening.  Her tits were wet   "I told
you I like BIG nipples.  Now they are in full ERECTION and so is my dick," he
chortled. He kissed each fascinating breast and nipple, then licked each nipple. 
Then he sucked each nipple. 

     While all this was happening, she was shocked and humiliated that her body
was responding to his stimulation.  She tried to will her nipples to stay soft,
but they became very erect.  She tried to control her breathing, but she
couldn't. Her respiration increased and she kept noticing the annoying tickling
down there-his penis kept rubbing her clitoris and soon, with the nipple licking
and the clitoris rubbing, she felt herself gradually losing the battle. 
"Please, no orgasm" she prayed to herself.  "That would be the ultimate
humiliation," she thought.  "Oh God, I can't control it."

            His penis kept knocking (literally) at the door of her vagina, until
finally the boss aimed his penis directly into her twat.  He allowed the head to
enter.  He looked at her.  She attempted to pull away, but couldn't.  The
trembling and spasms of her body felt like a vibrator to his dick.   


     Nnnnngggh!" she yelled as loudly as she could.  "Shut up, bitch, it's going
to happen, there's nothing you can do about it!" he answered as he allowed his
penis to enter further.  Her sexy vagina was well lubed from all the various
drippings and he imagined, from the stimulation.  He thrust all the way in and
stayed there.  His balls were resting just above her anal opening.  He looked at
her eyes and they were wide open and fixated on him with shock and disbelief. 
He withdrew and thrust again.  She felt it in her nipples and clitoris. 
"Nnnnggghhh, pleth, nnnnnggghhhh!"  He smiled, withdrew somewhat and thrust
slowly again.  She felt so tight and so slippery and her body was literally
vibrating, that he didn't need to move rapidly for it to feel marvelous. He
clutched her nipples and tweaked them again with his next thrust.  She was
horror-struck at what her body was doing in response to his coerced actions. 
"Uh uh, nggghhh," she cried out.  On his fifth thrust he rubbed her breasts and
nipples and he felt her spasm differently.   Her tits heaved, her tummy rippled
and he felt her vagina contract. Her face was red as a beet and he laughed and
thrust again, for, she had orgasmed and he loved it.  Two more slow thrusts and
he threw his head back and thrust faster as he ejaculated his load into her. 
"Wow," he exclaimed, "that was wonderful!"  She mercifully fainted.  

     He stayed in her body another minute or so and then finally  withdrew his
penis and semen dripped from her slit, and down her right leg. He admired her
unconscious body and with a twinge of regret  realized that she would be sold to
the highest bidder at tomorrow's meat auction.  He was just the front man, or
the procurer of girls.  He worked for a company that specialized in the
kidnaping of young appealing women.  These young ladies had to be 18 or older,
blonde, with big tits, and attractive faces.  There was something about this one
that made him want to keep her.  He drank in her body.  Her unconscious form
slumped slightly and he figured out what made her so attractive to him.  He was
a nipple man, and her nipples were magnificent.  Exceedingly large areolae
perfectly centered on her breasts.  Also, when in full erection the nipples
looked as if they protruded out at least three quarters of an inch.  Also the
areolae crinkled up and shrunk slightly when the nipples were erect.  They also
tasted good.  He sampled them again by slowly extending his tongue and licking
her right nipple upward and then her left nipple downward.  He gaped at their
succulent form: erect, shiny, and wet.  Well, it was time to get her ready.

     He released her legs and the other ropes and she slumped further downward. 
Her body was only held up by the wrist restraints. He put chloroform on a rag
and put it over her nose and mouth for a few seconds.  That would keep her
unconscious for quite a while.  He released her wrists and seizing her tits,
guided her to the floor. Preparation for her trip included a bath where he spent
several minutes lathering and rinsing those very interesting parts of her body.
He shampooed  and rinsed her hair and then blew it dry. Some small amount of
make up was applied quickly and expertly.  He had done this several times
before.  Patti looked lovely in her unconscious state.  So innocent looking,
with her eyes closed, almost angelic.

     She was put into a  box naked, with her arms tightly tied behind her back,
a ball gag in her mouth and her ankles trussed together.  The box was nailed
shut and loaded into his van  and he drove the 75 miles to the meat market.  It
was a large building that looked like a factory out in the middle of nowhere. 
When he brought the box in, he made small talk with several of the workers, then
he was paid and, with some regret, he left.

End Part I




Part II   The Plight of Patty

     About twenty minutes after the boss left,  a gruff looking man named Bill,
with upper arm muscles the size of some people's thighs opened up the box and
stared down at its contents.  He drank in the delectably naked, bound, blonde
that met his view.  He licked his lips, felt his penis becoming erect, and
grabbed at Patti's succulent breasts. He squeezed very hard, crushing them.
Since she was still unconscious, she had no idea what was happening.  The man
used her breasts as handles and pulled on them, elongating her large tits and
lifted Patti partially out of the box.  He put one hand behind her neck and his
other hand in her crotch with his middle finger inserted  and lifted her nude
body out of the box and laid her on her back on a counter.

     This counter was designed for this sort of work.  There were leather cuffs
attached to chains for Patti's ankles and wrists.  There were several buttons on
a control panel.  He pressed the one on the far right.  Her wrists were pulled
above her head and out at a 45-degree angle. Another button pressed on the far
left and her legs were spread so wide apart, a Mach truck could be driven up her
dainty, well-spread vagina, the one that was fucked recently by the boss. Bill's
job was to check out each girl who came through this auction house.  He loved
his work since each girl was beautiful, bound, and naked.  His instructions were
precise.  He was to perform several tests on the unconscious girl to see if she
met specifications.  He was not allowed to fuck them.  He dearly wanted to on
several occasions, but having a job where you spend a few hours each day with
beautiful, helpless, naked girls, actually touching them, squeezing them, and
humiliating them  was too good a deal to blow.

     The first "test" was to measure Patti's blonde pubic triangle between her
well-splayed legs.  It had to be at least 2.0" wide at the top of her mons.  The
clients were traditionalists.  No shaved vaginas for the bidders in here!  He
used a 6-inch ruler and laid it at the edge of her crotch hair.  She measured in
at 3.0.  Excellent! She probably never shaved and her bush was rather curly. It
would have to be trimmed ever so slightly  to give the appearance of a well
manicured pubic triangle. Now, he measured the diameter of her pink nipple
areola.  They had to be at least 1.50" wide.  No small nippled girls here!  He
took the same ruler and laid it across her right nipple.  Her breasts had
flattened somewhat from laying on her back with her arms high above her head. 
He pressed the ruler slightly and Patti measured in at 2.25".  Good.  The bra
cup test was next.  He grabbed her left breast and took a C cup, which was the
minimum allowed for the auction, and placed it over her luscious boob, the same
one with the areola measurement.  Much too much gorgeous breast flesh 
overflowed the C cup. Excellent, he thought.  Only huge titted women allowed on
display here.  Patti measured in at a D cup.  Next, he took a tape measure,
pressed the right button on the console to decrease the tension on her arms and
lifted her body so as to measure her breasts, waist, and hips.  Patti was a
fabulous 38-24-36.  Excellent.  No girl under a 32C cup or more than 28 inch
waist or 40 inch hips could be on display!  The people who were at the auction
paid a lot of money and they were very demanding.  Bill's erection was bursting
and thought about breaking the rules with this one.  However, he decided to jerk
off later while watching the auction on a closed circuit TV.

     He had two more tests to perform, but these could only be administered with
Patti wide awake. He again pressed the right button and her arms returned to
their original tension.  This time her arms were fully extended, but her wrists
were directly beyond her head causing her breasts to bunch together somewhat.
After placing a red rubber ball gag in her mouth and tying it off behind her
head he put smelling salts under her nose until she breathed in and started to
cough and choke. She came to rather rapidly and immediately tried to lift her
arms and move, but she wildly looked around when she was unable to do anything.
Where am I, she thought?  She looked around and saw a room that looked like a
cold laboratory, some horrible looking man leering at her and she could not
move.  She struggled, but was unable to influence the restraints.  She became
rather embarrassed when she felt a cool breeze and the cold metal of the table
on her smooth skin  reminding her that she was naked and this stranger was
staring at her. She dearly wanted to  cover herself, but the restraints did not
budge.

     Bill told her not to waste her energy and she cringed when she realized how
she was so well splayed in front of this strange man. Who is this hulk, she
thought?  What happened to her rapist?  "Just a few more tests my dear," he
crowed. What tests,  she thought?  He put his face near hers and grinned.  Then
he looked toward her left breast, stuck out his tongue and began long, slow
licks around that delectable breast flesh, moving it upwards, then downwards. 
This movement jiggled those delicious, lickable, tits.  This was the licking
nipple test where he had to lick and suck her pink nipples for five minutes and
then measure them in full erection. His tongue curled around the areola and the
tender nipple bud.  He switched nipples and continued.  She tried to move, but
could not and he just continued to lick and suck those gorgeous boobs. He
watched as her areola developed goose bumps and started to shrink ever so
slightly as her lovely pink nipples started to protrude. After five minutes, her
nipples were glistening and in full erection. Some of his saliva had dripped
down her torso and onto the table.  He stopped and measured her fully
protruding, slippery  wet nipples and they measured in at a full three quarters
of an inch!  Such long nipples, he thought.  The minimum was a quarter.  She was
fabulous!  She shivered from the chill of the wetness on those tasty nipple
buds. 

     Now for the last test.  He allowed his hand to slowly move from her
fabulous breasts downward across her rib cage to the hollow of her stretched
tummy.  Her skin was velvety smooth and rippled with his passing hand.  He moved
below her navel and slowly continued to her pubic triangle and well-splayed
pussy. He spread her lips wider and explored until he found what he was looking
for.  He flicked her clitoris and she bucked. He flicked it a second time and he
was rewarded with a similar reaction.  Sensitive, she is, he thought. Good.

     "I'm finished with your examinations and you passed and now you'll be
presented for the auction," he leered.  Auction, she thought, someone is going
to buy me, like a slave? Oh my God!   He took a small scissor and trimmed her
blond pubic curls until it was neat and pretty.  Patti blushed  from this
further indignity. It wasn't enough, she thought, that she was splayed naked and
helpless, but not only did he suck her nipples, flick her clitoris, but also cut
her hair down there.  What's going to happen to me?

     "We must get you hung properly," he continued. " They like the women
hanging tight and stretched."  She shuddered and shook.  All that really shook
were her tits and he just kept staring at them.  

         A large device appeared near the table that Bill maneuvered into place. 
It consisted of a stainless steel platform that was about 5 feet square.  On the
platform were two large bars, placed so that they were on opposite sides of each
other and bisecting each side. The bars were about eight feet high.  In between
the bars was a large stainless steel equilateral triangle.  One side of the
triangle ran parallel to the floor of the platform and the other two sides
formed a point several feet above the mid point of the platform.  The triangle
was attached to the bars so that it could swivel and appear in a vertical
position or be moved so it was in a horizontal position. At each corner of the
triangle there were large leather cuffs attached to chains. The whole platform
was on a set of wheels for easy mobility.  Near the front of the contraption was
a control panel.  The whole platform was placed just beyond Patti's outstretched
arms.

     Bill pressed one of the buttons and the cuffs from the apex of the triangle
dropped and Patti's wrists were secured after having removed the wrist
restraints from the table.  He then pressed another control panel button and her
arms were pulled up and back.  She screamed into her gag as she was pulled up
and back at the same time, stretching her body.  She looked almost as if she
started doing a sit up and stopped with her arms outstretched beyond her head
and her body at a 45 degree angle from the table. Her defenseless tits just
jiggled.  Bill grabbed them and squeezed.  She screamed into the gag again.   He
then removed the ankle cuffs from the table and pressed the platform button
again and she was forced to scoot along the table until she was on the platform
with her arms above her head.   He grabbed first her left and then her right
ankle and secured them to the lower opposite corners of the triangle. 

     He paused for a second to look at her.  Patti was breathing heavily causing
the D cup breasts to rise and fall rapidly.  Her arms were directly over her
head and her ankles were perhaps two to three feet apart, but she was able to
place the soles of her feet on the lower bar of the triangle.  "Not stretched
enough, baby," he casually mentioned. "We have a little more work to do.  You
look too comfortable."   He pressed more buttons and her wrists were gradually
pulled upwards and to her horror, her ankles were gradually pulled widely apart
until she could no longer touch the bottom triangle bar with her feet.  She
tried to relieve the tension on her wrists and shoulders by attempting to find
the lower bar with her toes, but her feet were at least six inches off the bar.
Her arms pressed against the sides of her head. 

     He adjusted the buttons one or two more times until he was satisfied with
her positioning.  The more satisfied Bill was, the more uncomfortable Patti
became.  She was truly stretched with her skin taut over her ribs, her tummy
indented, her inner thigh muscles bulging, her shoulders aching.  She started to
moan in her gag. Terror sweat began to form across her body causing an arousing
shiny appearance. 

      The man looked her up and down and said, "Yeh, it's tight baby, but they
like it tight,- makes you look better.  Look in the mirror.  See your belly,
it's pushed in, your ribs stand out, your ass is uptilted and your great tits
sit high on your chest with your big  nipples thrusting outward.   They can see
your cunt petals  peaking out from your pubic triangle.  It shows them you're a
natural blonde.  What a pretty picture!"  She just hung her head. "We can't have
you hanging your head," he responded to her abject shame and humiliation.  With
that he took a small leather strap and tied it around her arms and forehead so
that her head remained straight and upright.   "Oh, one last thing before you go
out there and give 'em a show.  They want wet nipples!"  With that he sucked and
laved her nipples again, causing them to become erect and wet and shiny.  The
rest of her body shone also from the dripping perspiration.  But, with Patti's
looks, her luscious breasts and vagina on display in the position she was in,
she looked wonderfully arousing to any self respecting bondage afficionado, or
potential slave master.

     The platform was guided to a track where it transported her fear drenched,
nude, tightly stretched, helpless body to a doorway where it stopped. Bill came
over to her and informed her that there would be a very small delay because
another delectable young lady was being sold.  She just became more anxious and
began trembling and weeping.  Bill whispered, "They don't like crying.  There's
no weeping here, maybe in your new master's house if he whips your ass or your
clitoris, but not at this auction.  You'll be in serious trouble if you don't
control yourself."  She became even more frightened.   She never ever imagined
being whipped before.  She was raped and abused. But whipping?  Oh God, she
thought.   He wiped the tears from her red cheeks and a light above the doorway
started blinking.  As he gave her nipples another licking, the platform started
moving through the door.    Did she have a choice?  As she went through a long
tunnel the triangle started turning and causing her  nude body  to turn 90
degrees into a horizontal position as the platform kept moving.  The first parts
of her body to come through at the end of the tunnel were her legs, and, her
very widely splayed cunt! 

     That was the first view that met the audience. Her legs were almost five
feet apart, so they had a luscious view of the lips and petals of the most
intimate part of her body. She heard an audible gasp from the crowd, the number
of which she had no idea.  Patti heard an announcer say, "Gentlemen, the next
cunt." There was some laughter. The auctioneer continued, "As you can see she is
a natural blond and quite pink and is displayed for your viewing pleasure.
Gentlemen, this is Patti's cunt."  She was mortified and dying from
embarrassment.  The announcer droned on," She is 20 years old and was snatched
from her business school.  She wasn't a great student but her grades were a
little higher than her cup size.  Patti measures in at 38-24-36, is a D cupper,
and she has a pretty cunt and  we will show you." 

     She felt something enter her vagina and she bucked, but since she was so
tightly stretched, there was little she could do.  Her head faced upward to the
ceiling and she could not see what was happening.  All she knew was she was
being humiliated and something was between her legs.  She grunted and moved and
attempted to fight.  She succeeded in shaking her ankles wrists and breasts.   
Her cunt was filled with a large 10 inch black dildo that someone had shoved in
her. She tried to close her legs, but could not only causing her inner thigh
muscles to tremble. Her nude body shook and she again gasped and moaned into her
gag.  The crowd murmured its approval when the announcer showed them how she was
able to accommodate the dildo.  Unceremoniously the device was removed with a
loud plopping sound.  Again she tried to close her legs.  Again, her inner thigh
muscles trembled, but also, her empty gaping, yawning, well-splayed cunt shook
slightly.  This caused her blond pubic crotch hair to shimmer and shake,
throwing off some sweat and whatever else. How beautifully dramatic.  What an
unbelievable prick hardening sight.  The audience loved it and applauded. 

     The triangle moved and Patti felt herself moving into an upright position
and there were more sounds of approval from the audience as her huge boobs came
into view and bounced a few times as they assumed their natural position, high
on her rib cage caused by her tightly stretched arms.  Since she was so
stretched, her tits were the only part of her body in motion and they jiggled.
The announcer continued," I told you gentlemen, that she has fantastic boobs,
tits, breasts, hooters, knockers, headlights, melons, or in Patti's case,
watermelons!"  There was laughter at the last comment concerning the magnitude
of her rather large breasts and protruding nipples.

      "She is a 38 D gentlemen and look at the perfection of their shape.  She
holds them well on her chest."  She was shocked when he grabbed each fun bag 
and squeezed hard leaving his finger prints there for all to see.  This man was
mauling her in front of how many?   He pulled on her nipples and brutally
twisted and snapped them back and forth.  "She is rather firm for a D cupper
gentlemen with very little sag as you can see and wouldn't you like to rap your
tongue around those large delicious nipples?  Look how pink they are.  Look how
perfectly formed they are.  Look how centered they are on the boobs.  The
areolas are certainly distinctive.  Aren't they huge? Her nipple tests showed
her to be much better than most.  In fact, her fully erect nipples are three
quarters of an inch long.  That's a full one-half inch longer than minimum."  
She heard a murmur from the audience while Patti just hung there listening to
the announcer drone on about her naked and stretched body that was on total
display.  Several times she tried to get out of her bonds, only to be met with
defeat. Her eyes were closed in abject humiliation and defeat since he started
squeezing her round globes.   She opened her eyes and attempted to look out at
the audience.  It was difficult.  She was on the platform with spot lights from
the left and right shining right at her.  She squinted and was able to make out
a few people, all well dressed middle-aged men.  They were intently staring at
her helplessly taut naked body.  She was mortified and humiliated by what was
happening.  In the first row she actually saw a man rubbing his crotch.  She was
causing his arousal with her humiliation.  She wanted to crawl into a hole and
die.

       The auctioneer bent toward the platform and pressed a button and all of a
sudden her body was pulled upward and downward with a quick jerk.  Her tits
bounced several times.  This jerking continued three more times and her breasts
continued to bounce like large balls of jello.  "See those nipples dance
gentlemen.  She jiggles quite well, don't you think?"  There was more laughter
from the audience. There was more embarrassment and humiliation for Patti.

      "Let the bidding begin." She was horrified that one of these perverts in
the audience would want to buy her against her will. Who would buy her and what
was to become of her.   She had no idea what horrible perversions they would
perform on her. The pit of fear in her stomach went to her crotch as she
realized that she would end up someone's sex slave.  All her life she had
control over her life's events.   She decided which boy to kiss, which boy would
touch or kiss her breasts.  However, this was beyond belief.  She was not
prepared for this.  Sex was supposed to be a beautiful thing between two loving
people where she would give permission.   Her most private possession, her body
would be given to a buyer who would have total control over her and would not
need or ask for her permission to ravage, abuse and torture her. 

     In the audience, a man sat who was in his mid 50's with silvery hair.  He
was rather wealthy and at the present moment had a large erection from the
erotic vision of loveliness that was Patti's naked bound body.  He was a breast
and nipple man and had been waiting for the right "one" to come along.  Patti
was what he was waiting for and what he wanted.  He just imagined his tongue
curling around those large, pink nipples. He imagined bringing those dainty long
nipples into his mouth and sucking loudly and wetly. He loved those beautiful,
round, closely spaced tits.  He envisioned inserting his penis between them
after tying them together and fucking them silly, then cum in her mouth.   He
imagined his hands getting lost in her blonde triangle seeking out her clitoris. 
He could not wait to make her cum against her will.  Yes, he thought.  He had to
have her.  He raised his hand to bid.  Money was no object.

     He sat in the back of the small auditorium.  He did that because he felt
more secure knowing that no one was behind him.  He sat where he was for another
reason.   He could see Patti's body and what he wanted, but he did not want to
see it close up.   He wanted the first stripping of Patti in his possession to
be as arousing as possible.   In fact, he had asked for the captive females to
be displayed with their clothes on, but was voted down.   He tried to compromise
by suggesting that the young women be dressed in decorative bras and panties, or
even G-strings.    However, members in the organization wanted to appreciate
each female body.  Therefore, today's auction consisted of four women whose
treasures that were usually covered except for those privileged few, were
exposed to everyone.   

     The bidding was lively and soon it stopped at $240,000.  She couldn't
believe it.   "Sold," the auctioneer yelled and pointed toward Sir James, the
silvery haired man imagining what he would do to Patti.   The audience clapped
their appreciation and since Patti was the last one of the day started to file
out of the auditorium. The announcer casually walked over to her with a syringe
and  stuck it in her rounded half moon ass cheek, putting  her to sleep.  She
was tranquilized and unconscious, hanging by her wrists, naked.  The man who
bought her was known as Sir James and occasionally bought and sold girls.  He
liked young blonde women with big tits.  Who didn't, but he could afford to buy
them any time and do whatever he pleased with them and for $240,000 thousand he
would do a lot!!  He walked up to the stage to pay the auctioneer.  Patti had
already been removed.  The auctioneer knew that the buyer did not want to see
the prize up close until the privacy of his own home, where he could take his
time stripping the girl and appreciate the beauty of the bound and helpless
naked woman.

      Sir James discussed with the announcer the travel arrangements for Patti
and the clothing she would be wearing.  He indicated his preferences and the
announcer said that there would be no problem.  Two hours later, Sir James was
on his private jet on his way to his home on a private island in the Carribean.  
On board, was his new possession, Patti, still unconscious from the drug given
earlier. He thought about what he would do to her and he smiled because he could
do anything he wanted to this very young pretty blonde.  He had to adjust how he
was sitting because he felt his prick harden in cruel anticipation!




The Plight of Patty - Part 3



	Several hours had now gone by and the plane had already landed on Sir
James' very private island paradise. It was paradise for him, nightmare and
horror for the girls who accompanied him.  Several personal servants had removed
Patti from the plane even before Sir James disembarked.  They would prepare her
for viewing and playing later that evening.

	Sir James had gotten his wealth through the old-fashioned way.  He
inherited it.  He was an only child, never married and had no family.  He
indulged in very few things, but his beloved hobby was beautiful young women.  
He bought and sold  several each year. His staff had gotten used to the
circumstances and were totally loyal since they were so handsomely paid.  After
he was through with each woman, he sold her to an Arab slaver.   He never saw or
heard from them again. Sometimes the young lady would remain on his island
paradise for up to a month.

	After a relaxing bath, Sir James donned a silk robe, tied it at the
waist and leisurely made his way down to his new plaything.   When he entered
the room,  he immediately went to his large recliner, sat down, took hold of a
control panel and pressed a button.  Two bright spot lights shone on a small
circular platform. Patti was on that platform and was just regaining
consciousness.

	She opened her eyes and the brightness of the lights immediately caused
her to close them again.  It took her a few minutes to acclimate.  When she
finally was able to keep her eyes open, she wildly looked around the room and
her situation.  Patti was standing straight up on some kind of pedestal or
platform and she  felt her arms directly over her head. Both wrists were encased
in leather cuffs and were each attached to a  metal cable that disappeared into
the ceiling.  She could not see her ankles, but felt them also encased in the
same type of leather cuffs that were attached to her wrists.  She could not move
her ankles so they had to be attached to something in the floor. Each ankle was
attached to a metal cable. She was helpless again that was for sure.

	 She looked around the room and was confused by all the slots or tracks
in the walls, floors and ceilings.  They all seemed to converge at two points in
the room, above her wrists and from what she could see, she surmised that they
converged where her ankles were positioned.  Fear immediately gripped her.  This
must be some torture chamber that she was in.    The room was rather clinical in
design, drains in the floors, tiles on the walls, floors and ceiling and shelves
upon shelves of some strange equipment including whips, chains and items she
didn't even want to think about. Patti remembered the auction and being sold. 
She must be at her owner's place.  Just that thought of being owned brought
tears to her eyes and trembling to her body. Her tits jiggled.  She wanted to
say something, but only "mmmmphhhh" emerged due to the large sponge gag in her
mouth. It was rather foul tasting.

	She looked down at her chest and saw that she was wearing some kind of
clothing, but really could not see past her large semi naked breasts that  Sir
James was staring at. He was directly in front of her, in his lounge chair,
concentrating on the twin bulges of her huge round jutting breasts. 

	The auctioneer had done well, he thought.  Patti was very sexily
attired.  The helpless young woman was wearing a bright red mini dress that was
low cut in  a deep V shape so that generous portions of her gigantic boobs were
plainly visible.  The pink push up bra that she was wearing  made her D cup tits
stand up and out even more. In fact when Patti attempted to look down, the edge
of her chin hit the tops of her semi exposed jugs.  The lacy bra strap between
the cups that attempted to hold those luscious tits was plainly visible as the
dress plunged downward.  She tried to look down, but her breasts were in the way
and she wondered where the dress stopped.

	The skirt part of the mini dress stopped at her upper thigh just a few
inches from her crotch.  She felt a cool breeze on her crotch.  Again she tried
to see how far down the dress was cut, because she thought she could feel a 
breeze on her belly.  As she looked, Sir James was staring at her.  He began,
"In case you're wondering," she was startled to hear his voice, "it's cut way
down to your beautiful blonde pubic hair.  Just a little bit  of it is exposed
along with your navel all the way up to the magnificent valley between those
fantastic tits."  She cringed at the mention of her pubic hair and breasts, but
couldn't do anything or even speak since the gag held her in silence. 

	"In a few minutes, you will be  stripped of  the clothing on your body. 
I want to look at your naked tits, those large pink nipples and your ass and
blonde-covered cunt.  I'd like to see what you look like from behind."   Sir
James  pressed another button on the control panel and to her consternation, her
body rotated until she was facing away from him.   There was very little back to
the dress.  There were some very thin shoulder straps to hold it in place on her
young firm body, but  her back was exposed right down to the beginnings of  her
ass cleavage.  Beautiful vertical lines of muscle and bone were accented by the
hanging, stretched position she was forced to endure.  Those beautiful vertical
lines were interrupted by the strap of her lovely pink bra.  He could also make
out the shoulder straps of the bra, competing for his attention with the thin
straps of the dress that descended to her ass.  From the rear, he could see that
the mini dress hem was several inches above the junction between where her long
coltish legs ended and the half moon globes of her ass cheeks met.  He also
noticed extremely thin pink strings around her hips bisected by another that
descended into the tightly stretched cloth of the skirt part of the mini.  This
must be the thong.  It must really be low on her pubic area since he was able to
make out a little bit of pubic hair at the end of the V of her dress, if it
could be called that.  He could see the pink collar around her neck that one of
her servants attached.   He would make use of it a little later.

	"I'd like to see your front again, if you don't mind," he laughed. 
Again he pressed a console button and the cables attached to her wrists and
ankles slowly turned her around.   Her shoulders hurt because most of her weight
was borne by them.  She had to stand on her tip toes in order to alleviate some
of the pressure.  He could see her dilemma, shoulders aching, standing on
tiptoes and then toes hurting so that she had to move down, thus hurting her
shoulders again.  

	"I see you're uncomfortable, in more ways than one.  I see you
exercising your feet and shoulders.  I also know that your clothing is probably
also uncomfortable, given the attractive position you're in. I like a woman
stretched out and suspended.  But, I think I'll attempt to help you a little." 
With a press of a console button, he simply raised her wrists about another inch
or two and she no longer had to worry about her toes.  They were no longer on
the floor and she groaned in her gag because her shoulders hurt that much more
bearing her full weight.  Her bra hurt her beautiful breasts as the straps and
underwire from the cups dug into the sensitive skin of the undersides of her big
36 D cup tits.

	Sir James watched her suffer while he sipped a glass of wine.  Sweat
began to appear on her forehead and on her chest.  It started to drip.  He liked
shiny, wet skinned women.  He liked them naked, though and he thought it was
time.  He thoroughly loved restrained, stretched, naked women, especially young
women with huge tits, tits that he could play with and  squeeze with nipples
that were ripe and he could pinch  and suck. He lowered her to the surface of
the platform and this reduced the pain and pressure in her shoulders.   He
lowered her arms by releasing more cable from the ceiling and relaxed the cables
attached to her ankle cuffs.  No longer stretched, Patti breathed a sigh of
relief.  

	 "See how kind I am," he began, with a sarcastic grin. "Now you return
the favor.  I want  you to remove your clothing, slowly, one  item at a time so
I can really study what I bought. At the auction, I was sitting in the back and
didn't look too closely.  Now I want to get a good view.  Do it now," he
commanded.  Patti looked at him with an incredulously.  She was not going to do
anything of the kind. If he wanted her naked, he would have to do it, she
thought. 

	He could see the reluctance in her eyes, eyes that were challenging him. 
That was ok he thought because in a few seconds she would be begging him to let
her strip herself naked.  A red button was on the remote control and his finger
hit this for a very brief instant.  She cringed and screamed immediately.   "My
dear, the cuffs on your ankles and wrists and the collar around your neck have
small electrodes attached to give you a most unpleasant shock.   So, if you want
to defy me, go ahead, I'm going to administer some more electricity until you
remove your clothing."  He pressed the red button again.   She screamed and
writhed.  Her large breasts shook in their confines.  Her stomach rippled.  Her
long legs buckled and her arms reached up onto the chains to support herself
from falling.  Her heart was pounding in her chest.  

	Patti could not fight the shock and after a few more of them she
indicated that she would accede to his request.  "Remember," he warned, "I want
you to do it slowly.  I want my penis to start getting hard."  He pointed to the
bulge that was pushing through the thin material of his robe. "You will follow
my every direction or you will receive more shock.  Are we clear?" he sneered at
her in a very calm, but frightening voice.  What could she do, she thought?  
Before Patti could do anything, there was another jolt of electricity that had
her falling over.  Immediately the cables reduced their slack and her body was
in a state of tension again, arms high and toes looking for the ground.  "Are we
clear?"  She nodded her head up and down rapidly, bouncing her breasts as she
did.   "Good, wait for each command and comply fully."

	He lowered the cables and she was standing before him on the platform. 
He was reclining in his chair sipping the wine and moved his legs apart.  One
hairy leg became exposed.  "Ok, remove the left strap from the mini dress you're
wearing, pull it down your arm."  She pulled it down and as she did the material
covering her left breast went with it.  "Good, now the right strap."  She did as
she was told and now her pink bra encased large round globes came into view. 

	"There are three buttons below your crotch on the dress unbutton them
and then reach from behind, and pull the dress off your body.  There's velcro in
back keeping the dress on. Rip the dress straps that are dangling on your arms. 
Drop the dress on the platform right between your legs. You won't be needing
clothing during your stay here."  She bent down and with some difficulty did as
she was told and the small amount of material lay crumpled between her legs.  
She was left wearing the matching pink of her bra and low slung thong panty that
barely covered her crotch and pubic triangle.  

	Patti saw Sir James reach for the console and press one of the buttons
and she felt her wrists pulled upward until her toes were just off the floor. 
"Excellent!" he commented.  He stared at her stretched body watching the creamy
breasts packaged in the bra expand and widen with each breath that she took.  He
was able to see the bumps of her nipples at the very centers of each bra cup. 
He watched the bulging muscles of her thighs as he made her ankles spread apart
with just a touch of the console.  Thin straps around her hips held the panty
piece on her body.  About an inch or more of the blond hair could be seen above
the triangular panty.   He turned her around and was treated to the  bulging and
rippling half moons of her lovely ass cheeks, unencumbered by clothing, save for
the thin pink spaghetti straps above and between those lovely firm cheeks. The
coltish legs just kept on going.  He noticed the lovely vertical lines of bone
and muscle of her back bisected by the pink strap of the bra.   What a lovely
specimen, he thought. 

	"You have pretty legs and a nice ass, not too big, but nice and  firm
looking," he  mentioned as he kept leering at her.  He noticed that she
attempted to close her legs when he commented about her body.   He turned her
around and continued his leering.  "I'd like a closer look," he said as he
navigated a joy stick on the console.   All of a sudden her body started moving
toward him.  She tried to resist, but her attempts were futile.  The cables
simply moved along the ceiling and floor tracks until she was about a foot or so
in front of his recliner. The cables moved her body into a slight diagonal with
her arms forward of her legs.  Since she was not totally stretched tight, her
back arched slightly pushing the breasts out on her chest even more.  He
adjusted her body so that his face was even with her bust line and her bra cups
were pointing right at his eye level.   "Ah, this is a much better view of your
tits, don't you think?" he questioned, without really expecting any answer. He
smiled as he saw tears welling up in her eyes and spilling over to run down her
cheeks, to her neck, and then to splash on the exposed upper portions of her
lush round jutting tits.

	     Sir James stared intently at her breasts encased in the pink lace
bra.  It was a push up bra for the occasion, not that she needed it at all.  He
liked that Patti's tits were well mounded above the cups, especially  with her
arms stretched high above her body. He loved his women stretched with their
breasts high on the chest.  He took his index finger and placed it under the bra
strap that draped her right shoulder and moved that finger downward toward the
cup of her right breast. She held her breath when she felt him touch her. When
the strap met the cup, he simply moved his finger very slowly around the upper
rim of the cup until his finger skimmed around her lovely breast and now rested
against the thin strap which held the two cups together.  He felt the velvety
softness of her left round globe as he traced her bra strap and cup.  He had
made sure to touch as much exposed wonderful soft flesh as he could with the
back of his finger.  She whimpered through her gag as he made sure to touch her
exposed flesh.

	Without fanfare he removed the gag.   Patti had difficulty talking, but
when she was able, she pleaded to be released.  "Sorry," he responded, "You just
got here and that's not possible, and if you keep talking without permission,
I'm going to put a dildo gag in your mouth.  You won't like that since the dildo
will end up down your throat.  Now, will you keep quiet, unless spoken to?" he
asked.   She knew she was thoroughly defeated and now realized that to simply
survive, she would have to do whatever this pervert wanted.  She nodded her head
in abject defeat with more tears flowing down her cheeks, some dropping on her
breasts." Now, you can move all around when I touch you, if I allow some slack
in the cables.   I do like to watch ass and tit flesh quiver, shimmy  and
wobble.  Do you understand?"  Patti again nodded.   "You are here for my
pleasure and when your body moves, and shakes, my penis becomes aroused.  That's
pleasurable.  I spent a lot of money on you and I damned well better get
pleasure, because if I don't, you'll get pain.  Do I make myself clear?" he
asked in a defiant manner.  With abject defeat she simply nodded her head.

	  "Good, now,  I want you to tell me the size of your tits," he smiled
as he said it, knowing it would be humiliating for her to reveal her cup size.   
She shuddered, her cheeks turning a pretty pink.  Patti gathered her breath and
simply said, "36 D."  He smiled as he heard the correct answer, since he already
knew from the auctioneer's report.   "And what color are your wonderful
nipples?" he asked with leering eyes focused steadily on the very centers of her
pink bra.  She chocked out the answer, "pink."

	"Wonderful, and I already knew that," he responded.  He then put his
index finger under the band between the cups of each breast and now traced the
edge of her right breast, making sure to press into the softness of the flesh as
he reached the right shoulder strap of the bra.  " And your areola?" he
persisted.   She was so defeated that she didn't know exactly how to answer, but
she realized, that in order to survive she would have to give truthful answers,
since she knew that he was going to strip her naked.  It was just a matter of
time.   "Pink also," Patti croaked.  

	"Good.  How big are those nipples?" he asked.  She didn't know exactly
how to respond to his question, so he added some more information, "In
comparison to other tits that you've seen."  She responded without looking at
him, "They are bigger than most other girls that I've seen."   "And the areola?"
Sir James persisted.  "They are wider than most," she was able to say.

	"Are your nipples and areola sensitive?"  he then asked.  She couldn't
believe the humiliation that she had to endure, but she answered anyway, "Yes,
they are sensitive."   He mentioned that he wanted her to start referring to him
as master, since he was her master, so he asked her again whether or not her
nipples were sensitive.  She answered, "Yes master, they are very sensitive." 
Sir James then asked, "Do you like it when your lovely pink nipples and areola
are licked and sucked?"  He looked directly at the pink bra when he asked the
question, but when he finished, he looked directly into her eyes.   With abject
misery and humiliation on her face she answered, "Yes master, I like when my
nipples and areola are sucked and licked."   He looked at her intently and then
responded, "So, I guess you wouldn't mind if I took off this wonderfully pretty
pink lacy  bra, expose your large 38D breasts with their pink nipples and sucked
on them?"  He waited intently for her answer.

	She knew better than to displease him at this moment and realized that
the inevitable was going to occur anyway.  She was going to have her lovely
breasts mauled by this asshole and she also knew that he would eventually rape
her vaginal slit and she would not be able to do anything to stop it. 
Therefore, what could she do?   Should she resist, or simply allow him to do
what he pleased with her body, hoping that eventually she would either be
released, or perhaps there would come a time when she would be able to escape. 
If she did resist, there were whips and "things" all around this torture
chamber.  What choice did she really have?  Therefore, her answer to his
question about taking off her bra and sucking on her nipples was, "If it pleases
you master to take off my bra and suck on my nipples, then of course, I have no
objection at all."  

	Sir James  smiled at Patti's response, knowing that she was attempting
to please him, to buy time, etc.   He decided to play along.    He responded,
"Good, I've waited a long time to see those knockers, close up. Now, ask me
nicely to remove your bra,"  he countered.  She shuddered, because he had taken
this impossible situation and made it seem as if it were her request to remove
the bra.  Obviously, it wasn't, but did she have a choice?   "Please take off my
bra so that you can see my breasts and lick the nipples," she choked out. 

	 "Ask me to suck your tits," he demanded.    "Master, please suck my
tits when you take off my bra," she responded.  Patti closed her eyes, tears
freely flowing as she was saying it and was jolted with more electricity,
shaking her breasts and body causing her to scream in surprise. She looked
directly at him as he spoke next, "When you speak, or when I'm playing with your
body, you will have your eyes open and will look directly into mine.  Is that
clear?"   She shuddered and gathered her breath thereby expanding her already
large chest. "Yes, master," she quickly indicated. 

	With that said, Sir James took a small knife and with a flourish, cut
the left bra strap.  She heard the little snip sound and waited for the same
sound for the right bra strap.  Snip, and both straps were cut, dangling
uselessly over the cups.  She took a deep breath, not realizing that she thrust
out her chest and he saw and appreciated her well-mounded breasts above the bra
cups that were about to be removed.     He looked up and into her eyes and she
made sure she was looking right back.  When he lowered his eyes to the strap
between her bra cups, she did also, watching herself being systematically
stripped.  He put the small blade between the cups of the pink bra and pulled
outward and the material parted very rapidly. She held her breath.   However, he
held the two cups together for a split second and then intently watched as the
bra separated rapidly and fell from her chest to the floor baring her large 38 D
pink nippled breasts.  She hung her head in shame.  This wasn't the first time
her fabulous tits had been bared to strangers, but this bothered, humiliated and
embarrassed her just the same.

	He stared at the absolutely fabulous view in front of him. Her beautiful
love globes were staring right at him at eye level and he relished the view of
her firm round breasts capped by dark pink nipples surrounded by equally dark
pink areola.   He stared at the large round breasts that were suddenly nude and
standing on her chest right in front of his eyes.   He liked what he saw with
the pinkness of the nipples that were pointing right at him.  There was
gooseflesh forming all around her wonderfully round, big nude tits.  The breasts
were hanging somewhat elongated away from her chest since she was at a slight
angle.  He was overcome with arousal and moved his mouth close to her left
nipple.

	She struggled to move away from him, but since the cables held fast she
couldn't move anywhere.  He stuck out his tongue and licked the left nipple.
Patti attempted to pull back, but given the angle at which was she stretched,
she could only twitch, which only shook her boob which banged into his face. He
laughed as he continued to lick and suck her nipple.  He then switched to her
other tit and did the same until both nipples were protruding above the areola
and he was satisfied that her nipples couldn't get more erect than they already
were.  He placed her right nipple between two fingers and pinched and pulled
somewhat gently and enjoyed the stretching tissue.   He actually was starting to
lift her breast by the nipple.   She grunted.

	Sir James did the same to the left breast and consequently, he was
lifting each breast by the nipple so that the soft underbelly of each beautiful
breast was exposed.   He dropped the right breast and watched it bounce and
wobble against her rib cage as if it were a mound of jello before it stopped
moving.  He was still holding her left nipple, lifting the left breast.  He took
his free hand and placed it under her left tit feeling its weight, suppleness
and smooth moist skin.  He removed both hands and also watched this breast
quiver, wobble and bounce back to her chest. He then spit into his hands, rubbed
them together and took the very centers of each palm and placed them just onto
her nipples.  Very slowly he moved them in a circular motion.  While he did
this, he kept his eyes on hers.  She looked back with shame and humiliation. 
"Does this feel good?" he asked.  Very softly she answered, "No."  His hands
left her tits and found the console and she screamed from the effects of the
electricity coursing through her body.  Her breasts were shaking uncontrollably
from her movements.  He waited until she regained her breath and she stopped
trembling and returned the palms of his hands to her nipples and continued the
circular movement for a few seconds.  "I'll ask you again, does this feel good?"
She sobbed out her answer, "Yes, master."

	  He responded by saying in a derisive way, "Well now perhaps you'll
learn what answers I'm looking for.  See, here, we are playing an arousing game
MY arousing game." Sir James grabbed the back of her head and pointed it
downward toward his robe.  He took his free hand and removed the material to
uncover his semi erect purplish penis. "This is what you're here for, get it? 
You're going to make this hard so it will have a good time on or  in your body. 
You're going to be penetrated by it, rubbed by it, you're going to suck and lick
it  and there's nothing you can do about it!" He smiled defiantly as he said
this. Patti choked and sobbed more tears showering down to mix with the
perspiration on her skin. She looked at his penis and  thought that it  was of
average size, nothing larger than the boss who had raped her the other day. 
But, again, as before, this was the only penis around. And, it was the penis
that was going to rape her, and fuck her mouth. 

	 She was shocked by what he told her was in store for her. Patti had
never done oral sex and thought it was disgusting.  He left his penis uncovered
and continued to rub and twirl her nipples for a few more minutes.   When he
stopped, he made sure she was still looking at him.  She was.   He marveled at
how protruding the nipples had become, how wet and shiny they were from her
sweat, tears and his saliva. He noticed that there were little goose bumps on
the areolas and they had shrunk slightly in size to accommodate the erection of
her nipples.  He bent his head and sucked heartedly again enjoying the luscious
feel and taste of the areolas and nipples. 

	"I want you to ask me to remove your panty," Sir James stated as a
matter of fact.  She wasn't ready for that, but she knew that she was going to
get raped again, no matter what she did, so she decided that she was going to
comply with the least amount of trouble.  "Ask me nicely to remove your panty
and do what I want.  Ask me to fuck you," he said with a straight face.

	"Please take off my panty piece and strip me naked, and then please fuck
me in my vagina," Patti barely was able to say between her sobs.      "I will
honor your request," he said sarcastically and with a big wide grin.   He took
his knife and told her not to move.  He then cut the thin little strip of
material at her right hip that was no thicker than angel hair pasta.
Immediately, the small triangular panty barely covering her pubic mound lost its
support and dropped half way off her slit.  He cut the string on her other hip,
but held onto the triangle before it fell completely off.  He then grabbed hold
of the material and pulled it up against her mound toward her navel so as to rub
the area.  Another humiliation, he thought.  When her pubic area was bare, he
dropped the material and it fell between her legs with the bra and the dress. 

	 She was a wonderful sight, he thought.   What a beautiful blonde
triangle situated between her legs, lovely and light blonde, not black or dirty
blonde like other blonde women.   This hair was rather attractive. It had also
been trimmed somewhat so as to make a very attractive, alluring site.   He knew
that many men wanted a bald pussy, allowing for a much better, clearer view. 
Also, when licking the pussy, you wouldn't get public hair in the mouth.
However, he was a traditionalist and did like women to have hair between their
legs.   If you stare long enough, and take your time, you can have the same
view.  And, what was pussy licking without a little hair!

	She was now as naked as the day she was born and hung her head in shame. 
She did not have much time to reflect on her situation, because her tormentor
spoke to her again. "Look at my penis again. It's getting harder," he joked.  
She looked, and it was.  Now with her totally nude, it was just a matter of a
few minutes before the inevitable.  She felt him gently rub her pubic hair with
his fingers.

	Sir James allowed his fingers to get entwined within her blond triangle
moving all round the area.  He looked into her eyes and saw the fear and
humiliation and said, "Ask me to lick your pussy until you cum."  Her eyes grew
wide and she opened her mouth and spontaneously started screaming at him that
she would never ask that and that she would never come for him. As soon as she
got all the words out, she knew what was going to happen next.  He took the
console and shocked her again, much stronger this time. He enjoyed the way her
body bounced and attempted to fight the shock.  He particularly liked the way
her breasts twitched and swayed with the electricity. Perspiration poured from
her body.  Her blond hair heaved around her head and covered her face.  She
tried to shake the hair from her face, but had trouble.  Sir James didn't help
her.     "My, we have a very poor learning curve, don't we?" he asked? "Perhaps
you would like electrodes on your nipples and clitoris and we could apply the
electricity directly?  Or perhaps a giant dildo gag down your throat and up your
anus?" 

	Patti heaved her sweating, tired body.  Her shoulders hurt from bearing
the weight of her body.  "Now, my dear, ask me to lick your pussy until you cum
and tell me now much you'd like to have an orgasm," Sir James sneered.

	She gathered all her strength, or what was left of it, and just barely
squeaked out, "Please master, lick my pussy until I cum.  I think an orgasm
would be nice."   He persisted, "And how would you feel, having an orgasm in
front of me, an unwilling orgasm that makes your pussy all wet and ready for my
penis?"  She answered truthfully, "Humiliated and embarrassed and afraid of
getting raped."  " Good  then, let's get started.  My penis is getting
restless!" he responded.

	Sir James retrieved the console and started changing Patti's position by
moving the joy stick.  She was startled when her position shifted rather slowly.
Her tethered wrists moved backwards as the cables ran along the tracks in the
ceiling.  While that was occurring, her legs started moving forwards and this
continued until her body was suspended horizontally.  Her legs were parted about
two feet.  He then continued repositioning her body by moving it closer to him. 
By this time, the soles of her feet were about two feet away from his head, as
he reclined in his lounger.  Now, she felt her legs being moved apart and her
body moving closer to him so that when she stopped, her legs were impossibly
spread apart.  Her juicy blonde-covered cunt was a few inches from his face.

	He noticed her thigh muscles bulging and her legs trembling.   He
adjusted a little more and her body was pulled taut.  Patti's arms were directly
beyond her head next to each other so that they were able to support her head. 
If she moved her head up and looked between her wide spread breasts she could
see his face next to her lovely slit. Sweat poured from her body and dripped on
the floor.  Rivulets of perspiration dripped from her arm pits.  Her skin which
was pulled  taught over her muscles and bone was glistening.  Patti could be
heard groaning and moaning.

	He saw her blond public hair matted with sweat, but he entangled his
fingers within the fine blond strands and moved to gently rub her labia.  He
felt her twitch when he did that. After gently rubbing her he parted those
labial lips and soothingly rubbed the gentle, wonderful folds of her inner lips. 
Sir James placed his tongue on her labia and spent several minutes licking. 
Patti tensed and attempted to withdraw, but she was no match for the cables that
held her steady.  Spreading the inner lips apart, he exposed her vaginal opening
and the hood protecting her clitoris.  He licked around the area for a solid
three minutes.  Then to her shock, he moved the hood and exposed her clitoris
and rubbed up and down with his knuckles.  Finally, he placed several fingers
into her vaginal opening and began licking the erect nub of the clitoris while
his fingers rubbed.  She bucked in response.

	Patti's body hurt.  Her shoulders ached.  Her thigh muscles hurt from
the wide spread of her legs and she attempted to block out the stimulation
occurring between them.   While she tried, she knew the inevitable was about to
happen.   Sir James was doing long slow licks all along her vaginal opening, and
finishing by her clitoris.  He stopped for a second to survey his handy work.  
Her vagina was wet with her sweat, his saliva and her lubrication.  Her lovely
triangle of hair was matted from the moisture.  "How alluring you are, my dear!"
he exclaimed.  Then he resumed his relentless licking.               

	She felt her body tense in anticipation.  She could not stop the
twitching that was taking place between her legs.  He looked and saw her anal
opening puckering to the movement.  Her beautiful half moon ass cheeks were
tensing and relaxing also.   The fire spread throughout her body.    Sensing her
coming orgasm, Sir James lifted one hand and reached up her body and squeezed
her left breast, grabbing the nipple and squeezing and releasing it in time to
his licks.    More licking and sucking and her whole body twitched, tensed and
spasmed.  Her stomach rippled, her breasts wobbled and Patti let out a muffled
moan indicating that her unwanted orgasm was complete.   Her pretty cheeks
became red with humiliation as he looked up and smiled at her.  "You had a good
one!" he taunted. "Well, now it's my turn!"

	Patti's body moved forward, away from the recliner and Sir James stood
up.  Her body was lowered so that her crotch was even with his.  Off came his
robe and she was able to see that his penis was rock hard.  He quickly moved
between her legs and tickled the head of his penis against her lips, moving it
up and down along her slit.  The head of his penis was being tickled by her
pubic hair.   He then reached out with his hands and grabbed her tits.    She
tried all she could to move away from the insistent head of his penis, but she
was going no where.   He thrust forward slightly and the head of his penis was
buried with her vagina.  He penetrated her very easily since she was very well
lubricated. 

	Squeezing her breasts and using them as handles, he pushed until he was
completely inside, his hairy testicles bouncing against her perineum and anal
opening.  He sighed. He felt her vaginal muscles attempting to reject his penis,
but to no avail. He moved back and thrust a second time and stopped again,
luxuriating in the feeling surrounding his penis, the view of her defenselessly
exquisite body restrained, stretched and suspended.   He thrust again and again. 

	Patti was sickened with disgust.  Not only did this monster make her cum
against her will, but now he was raping her and she felt another orgasm
building.   She tried desperately  to ward off the feelings, but the stimulation
was too strong.  He was squeezing her breasts and very sensitive nipples while
fucking her defenseless vagina.   Thrust, thrust, thrust.

	After about six or seven minutes of thrusting she felt her orgasm build
again: vagina contracting, tensing, spasms, rippling along her tummy from her
breasts to her mons, puckering of her anal area.   Thrust, thrust, balls hitting
her ass cheeks.  She grunted in orgasm, defeated and humiliated.  Patti heard
Sir James groan as well and he withdrew his spasming penis and allowed it to
shoot his sperm laden semen across her body.  One well-aimed ribbon of the goo
hit the lower swell of her right breast while most of his cum  hit her navel and
her pubic hair.  He squeezed out the last few drops banging the head of his
penis against her pussy.   She just hung there despondent, vanquished and
totally defeated.  This was worse than the boss, because of the torment and
humiliation and the forced orgasm that she was made to ask for.

	When Sir James was finished, he put on his robe and walked over to her
head.  He stared down at her wet, taut, exhausted sperm drenched body with a
smirk. 

	 "Today was a pleasurable day for me and I hope for you.  Our future
days together might not be as pleasurable for you.  However, for me they will
be.   My assistants will be in to show you to your room.  I'm sure you'll like
the accommodations," he concluded.   With that he bent down, kissed her
unresponsive lips, sucked her right nipple, while tweaking the left for a few
seconds, turned and left the room.


To be continued.......




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Trainman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





