BDSM Library - Rubber Amazon Slave Traders




Rubber Amazon Slave Traders
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A spaceman answers a distress signal and all too quickly finds himself the victim of two sadistic sex hungry sluts from outer space.
For more stories like this visit www.KinkStop.com

Rubber Amazon Slave Traders in Spiked Heels From The Center of the Galaxy

By

Master Rhetoric

Chapter One

Juan woke up and could not move. He struggled and as he opened his eyes he
looked around his ship for familiar objects to orient himself. The more he
looked around the faster he realized that he was not on his ship and then the
fact that he could not move began to take on much more significance. His wrists
were bound to his sides and his ankles were tied together. As Juan tried to
straighten out he almost ended up choking himself because a line was tied from
his bound ankles to a collar on his neck. The fact that he was completely naked
was not lost on him.

He looked around for his space laser and saw it in its holster hanging on a hook
on the wall. His United Space Organization uniform was nowhere to be found and
Juan wondered how he had gotten here in the first place. The last thing he
remembered was his ship arriving at the source of a distress call and then
whammo, total systems failure.

Juan tried to roll over but found it impossible. He was not on anything upon
which he could roll over. He was simply floating. His struggles only served to
exhaust him so after he fought for a half an hour to reach a wall or control
panel he gave up and began screaming for help. Lights went on blinding him
momentarily and it was then that Juan first saw his captors.

"Oh, he is a strong one. Look at all those muscles." The tall blonde woman
pinched Juan's left biceps and smiled at her dark haired companion. Both women
were seven feet tall and were made even taller by their clothing. They wore
skintight black rubber cat suits and six inched spiked heels. Their cat suits
had open holes to expose their large breasts, and shaved crotches. They were
formidable.

The brunette stood with her hands on her hips. "He was easy enough to trick with
that fake distress signal. I wonder if he will be intelligent enough to serve
well as a pleasure slave."

"Let me go! Get me down from here!"

"Not quite, little puppy. First we have to test you to see if you are worthy."

"Worthy of what? I am a United Space Organization Strike Leader! You will let me
go this instant!"

"Oh, this one likes to talk." The blonde pinched Juan's nose until he screamed.

"Yes Cindi, let's put a stop to that." The brunette handed a ring gag to Cindi.

"Good idea, Debbie. Don't want any distractions while we test our latest catch."

Cindi smiled and held the ring gag in front of Juan's face. His mouth clamped
shut and Cindi rolled her eyes. She shot a quick glance at Debbie. Juan
immediately felt his balls being squeezed horribly and opened his mouth to
scream. The gag went in and was buckled tightly around his head.

"We will test you to see if you are worthy of being sold as a fuck toy." Debbie
pinched the head of Juan's cock making him scream. "If you pass you will have a
new life. You better hope you pass." She smiled and looked at Cindi.

"I suppose we should get to testing him now. From the looks of him, Debbie, we
might get some nice coin selling him to those Dommes on Bransward's planet. They
do like a slut that isn't too fragile, though. We'll have to see how long this
one lasts."

Debbie went and got a couple of objects from a storage locker and returned.
"Cindi, we can always sell him as a mining slave if he cums too quickly or won't
obey us."

"Too true Debbie. Now put on his electroleash and let's fly him around a bit."
The women laughed and put a thin wire around the base of Juan's cock below his
balls. It was loose and tickled him. Small clamps were attached to his nipples
and if he looked down Juan could see wires trailing from them to a control box
in Debbie's hands. Wires from the leash on his genitals led to a control box in
Cindi's hands.

Juan had heard about space slavery, but this was the first time he had ever seen
space pirates, much less under such circumstances. He knew he had to escape or
spend the rest of his days in slavery. Still, he found these women incredibly
attractive. Their bodies were perfect hourglasses and their faces were
captivating.

"Ok Cindi. He's all hooked up. Let her rip." Cindi pressed a button on the box
and Juan felt a jolt as a low current of electricity surrounded his cock and
balls. Not only did he squirm and scream from the shock, but he began to feel a
tightening as well. Electricity also attacked his nipples and electrified them
as the clamps pinched him hard. He floated at the women's eye level and tried to
force his bonds but he could not break free.

"Hmmm. It looks like he is responding well to this, Cindi. Let's put the cage on
him."

Cindi grinned and pressed another button. Juan felt energy cascade up his cock
encasing it. He saw Debbie come up behind Cindi and cup her breasts. Both women
looked at him as Debbie reached her hand down and rubbed Cindi's clitoris. Juan
began to get hard and as his cock expanded he felt the tight sheath around it
squeezing him uncomfortably. As he got harder the squeezing increased in force.
He flexed his cock to try and stretch the tube of energy that surrounded him,
but when he did so the electric current increased shocking him. It ran all the
way from the base of his cock to the tip and caused him to moan and shake. "Oh,
Debbie that was such a good idea. Now he understands we mean business. This one
will be easy to train. We might have a valuable item here. Let's see if he can
fly."

The two women smiled at each other and Juan could only guess what was in store
for him next.

to be continued

For more stories like this visit www.KinkStop.com




For more bondage and S and M fiction for free go to my new site:

http://www.kinkstop.com

Rubber Amazon Slave Traders in Spiked Heels From The Center of the Galaxy

By

Rhetoric

Juan squirmed trying to free his cock from the energy that sheathed it. His
desire for the two women grew as did his fear of them.

Debbie and Cindi took the control boxes that controlled Juan's nipples and cock
and began gently pulling on them. They spun in a slow circle always keeping a
foot on the floor. Juan heard a metallic click every time they set a foot down
and realized their shoes must be magnetized. As the women spun around Juan was
flown in a circle. His nipples and cock and balls were pulled and stretched by
the electrified harness and clamps. He screamed but knew he was helpless.

"Oh the slut likes this. I can tell, Cindi." Debbie's long black hair spread out
behind her as weightless as everything else in the ship. Look at his cock. It's
so hard. Every time he pumps it he's getting some serious voltage.

Cindi laughed. "He keeps pumping it and the leash keeps jolting him."

Juan then realized that he was beginning to enjoy it. It was painful and
degrading, but he could not deny that he was fully erect. No matter how hard he
tried he could not stop pumping his cock. He saw the two women embrace and begin
kissing. They ground their wet cunts on each other's rubber clad legs as their
tongues dove deep into each other's mouths. The whole while they kept an eye on
Juan and his struggles.

"He responds well to lesbian sex, Debbie."

"He's not the only one, Cindi," Debbie purred and bent to kiss one of Cindi's
nipples.

"Mmmmmm. That's yummy dear. Keep doing that. Sluts that worship bi-girls are an
easy sell on Bransward's planet. They can use his weakness to control him
there."

Debbie handed her control box to Cindi, separated from Cindi's embrace and
flipped upside down so her head was between Cindi's legs. Both women continued
to spin in their lazy revolutions and Juan was forced by his own needs to watch
as the two amazons began eating each other's cunts. His cock was rock hard now
and every time he saw a tongue dive deeply into a cunt hole it got even harder.
He pumped because he had to and was rewarded with a sharp jolt of electricity to
his most tender parts.

Cindi's blonde hair mingled with Debbie's black hair as her mouth kissed and
sucked Debbie's pussy lips. She drew them out and nibbled on them as Debbie bit
and tongued Cindi's clitoris. Debbie wriggled as she floated in front of Cindi
and her black hair swam around her like dark smoke. Soon small globs of cunt
juice were floating in the air along with the women's moans.

Both women were pressing their faces deep into each other as Debbie's high heels
wrapped around Cindi's neck. Cunt cream smeared all over their chins and lips as
they tongue fucked each other. Their tongues were long and drove deep inside
each other's cunts with a skill born of practice.  Juan moaned in pleasure and
then pumped his cock and screamed in pain. He was being strained by having to
watch the groaning couple beneath him and by his circular flight around the
room.

Debbie unwrapped her legs from around Cindi's neck, flipped around and whispered
in her ear. Cindi smiled and nodded.

"Hey, Spaceman. Want to play with one of our toys?"

Juan groaned, "Oooooooooaaaaah!"

"I guess that's a yes? Alrighty, then."

"Debbie, be a dear and summon the Chrome Domme."

Debbie punched a few buttons on the wall and a clanking sound emanated from far
off. It seemed to get closer and then suddenly a door panel slid open and Juan
saw a gorgeous creature. It was ten feet tall and metal. It looked like a large
metal woman. The skin was sculpted chrome and the face was as beautiful and
desolate as Alaskan wasteland. The body was ideal and looked like some lecher's
idea of perfect femininity. The robot had wide hips, a skinny wasp waist and
full breasts with hard, erect nipples all done in shining chrome  

Cindi, in a very offhand manner said, "Chrome Domme. Rape the slut."

A sultry feminine voice issued from the shinning robot. "Yes, Mistress. As Juan
watched, a thick metallic cock seemed to grow from the center of her crotch just
above her glittering vagina. He screamed as he felt hot metal hands grip his
hips and pull him down. His ankles were untied from the line that ran to his
collar and a thick line of rope was tied under his knees and around his back
holding his knees to his chest. The Chrome Domme pressed her metal cock against
Juan's clenched asshole. Lubricant began seeping out of its tip. Cindi and
Debbie held each other and watched with interest as the metal woman began
penetrating Juan's asshole.

He screamed as he felt the cock go in and wriggled as he tried to get away. His
cock sheath was still pouring electricity into him and he was constantly in a
state that ran from extreme pain to sublime pleasure. The Chrome Domme's shaft
sank deeply into him and as it contacted his prostate the tip began to vibrate.

"Oooooooaaaaaaaaaaah!" Juan moaned as he felt his cock tense up and begin to
drip precum. Debbie grabed a bit that floated in the air and put her fingers
into Juan's mouth making him taste himself. 

Debbie knelt next to Juan and cooed in his ear. "Now, slut we are going to use
our toy here to fuck you. This is not going to just be all fun and games for
you. No during your raping you are going to bring me to orgasm. If we are going
to sell you to a pleasure planet we need to know you can lick cunt. If you don't
make me cum then it is going to be the mines for you."

Debbie stood up and spun Juan around on his back twisting him on the chrome
dildo deep inside him. He groaned loudly until Debbie stepped over him and
landed her wet squishy cunt directly on top of his face kissing him forcefully
with her lips.

Cindi tapped on some controls and the Chrome Domme's hips began slowly fucking
in and out of his body and as Juan felt Debbie's cunt cream slide down his
throat he knew he had to drink or he would drown. The amazons smiled as they saw
his throat muscles move but soon Debbie's smile faded. "He's not licking,
sister."

"We'll see about that." Cindi took a pointer from the belt on her waist and
pressed a stud on its handle. It glowed with a faint blue light. She touched it
lightly to the head of Juan's cock and Debbie yelped as she felt his tongue
immediately probe deep into her tight hole. Juan reeled under the shock that the
pointer gave his cock and licked Debbie as hard and fast as he could.

His cock was fully erect now and as the pounding in his ass increased in fury
his cock bulged thicker and thicker. The vibrations within him were pushing him
to the edge but the electrified leash around his erection prevented him from
cumming. He moaned and sighed as the combination of electroshock and assfucking
were making him lose his mind.

Juan shoved his tongue in and out of Debbie's slick vagina as her walls tried to
catch him and keep him prisoner. He felt her clutching his tongue and licked her
clit to try and push her to the edge. She squirted cunt juice on his face and
moaned. Cindi moved behind her and cupped Debbie's breasts in her hands. She
pressed them down firmly and then pulled the nipples out far stretching her
tits. Debbie lifted her arms and swiveled her hips in a perfect tight circle
over Juan's outstretched tongue.

"Oooooh god, this little bitch can lick cunt!" Debbie pumped her hips and
pressed her hands to Cindi's clasping them as they both rubbed Debbie's tits.
Juan began to whimper as his orgasm built inside him. He licked at Debbie's cunt
like a baby at his Mother's tit and tried to force the dildo deeper into his
asshole.

"You lick my clit till I cum, you slut, or I will whip the skin off your ass!"
Debbie leaned forward and lifted her pussy lips so that Juan could lick her clit
through the hard metal ring in his mouth. "Now Cindi, fuck my cunt. Fuck me
hard!" Cindi smiled and put on a strap on. She grabbed her friend's hips and
pressed the cock to her hole.

"You want this bitch?" Cindi whispered in mocking tones in Debbie's ear.

"God yes, Mistress! Fuck my hot cunt. Please god, fuck my tight cunthole!"

Cindi slammed the dildo deep into Debbie and began pumping in and out of her. 
The dildo pressed all around the insides of Debbie's body and as Cindi adjusted
its controls it gave Debbie small electrical shocks every time her greedy cunt
grabbed the thickness inside her. Juan flicked his strong tongue all over
Debbie's clitoris as she smeared juice all over his face. He prayed he would be
allowed to cum soon because the cock in his ass was pressing against him in all
sorts of strange but wonderful ways.

Juan could no longer restrain himself and began thrashing his face back and
forth whipping his tongue over Debbie's clitoris furiously. Her cunt was
gripping Cindi's strap on and as the thick dildo pulled out of her it rubbed
Juan's face with Debbie's slippery sticky cream. Her walls were gripping and
clutching as the stimulation on her clit and deep inside her cunt became too
much for her to contain.

Debbie lifted her legs up and behind her. She rode Juan's face as Cindi fucked
her puffy cunt harder and harder.  Cindi watched Debbie's cunt walls hold on to
the slick cock even as it moved out of her. She watched Debbie's asshole move
and stretch as the dildo spread her skin. The dildo began to vibrate and the
electric shocks became greater as Cindi pummeled Debbie's cunt as fiercely as
she could.

Juan was whimpering as he licked. The cock inside him was spreading him widely
and forcing itself into him faster and faster. He felt it go deep inside him and
when it began pounding him harder and harder he knew he had to cum soon or go
mad. He put renewed effort into licking Debbie's clit. Up and down, back and
forth he whipped it the way he would use a real whip on the amazon's asses if he
were ever given a chance. He flicked her clit up and out of her and felt it go
hard and rigid.

Juan knew her orgasm would hit soon and he increased his pace. He hit her clit
fiercely she stopped moving for a half second and then in a flurry of motion she
began pounding out her orgasm on Juan's tongue. Juice coated his face as he
licked her and drank her down. Debbie screamed, "Ggggggggoooooooodddddddddd!
Fuuuuuuuuuck meeeeeeeeee!"

Cindi held her tightly and pounded her harder as her orgasm increased in
intensity. The thick cock got thicker as Cindi adjusted some controls. Cindi
pounded the cock deep into Debbie's gripping slick cunt and made it thicken with
each stroke. Debbie fucked it back and as she felt her cunt being stretched a
puzzled look spread over her face.

"That's right dearie, This is that new anamorphic dildo. I picked one up on
Lysistrata 7. Like it?"

"Guh, guh, it's getinggggg bigerrrrrr!" Debbie screamed in a little girl voice.
"Mommy help me it's getting so big!"

"Oh, I'll help you all right. I'll help you get stretched wide for my pleasure.
Now that slut under you better still be licking you or I will feed out the waste
hatch." Cindi pounded away increasing her cock size my millimeters with each
thrust. Juan licked and drank as his own hole was being impaled. He moaned and
tickled the hot red clit faster and faster.

Debbie screamed and fucked the cock inside her faster. She felt completely full.
All of her best places were being rubbed and hit because all of her was being
touched by the pounding cock. It was already too big for her to take comfortably
and it was getting larger. She shrieked as her climax hit and felt herself
squirt over and over again.

"Yeeaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Godddddddddddd!" Debbie shrieked and rode out her
cunt clutching climax until she was too tired to take anymore. She kicked off of
the floor and drifted over to Cindi who caught her. Cindi knelt and cleaned off
Juan's face with her tongue. Then she touched a control and the fucking in his
ass increased as the metal woman raped him harder.

"Unnnnnnnnnnh! Ohhhhhhhhh!" Juan moaned as his dripping cock got a jolt every
time he flexed it. His body jerked around to try and fuck itself, but all
control resided with the shinning metal Domme who was holding his hips and
pumping him hard.

Cindi and Debbie watched as they stroked each other. They marveled at Juan's
tight musculature as he strained to be fucked harder. Because his knees were
bound tightly to his chest his cock and asshole were so very vulnerable. He
seemed to know this as he struggled to pump the Chrome Domme faster.

"Well Debbie. I think that it is time we put him in the cage." Debbie knelt at
Cindi's cunt and began teasing it with her tongue. She looked up and nodded.

"Yes, Cindi. I think that would be a good test to see how long the little bitch
can hold out. She pushed her tongue into Cindi's cunt hole and swirled it
around.

"Mmmmmmm. That's wonderful, dear. Keep that up."

The women made love to each other as Juan submitted to the robotic rape. Where
would this all end?

For more bondage and S and M fiction for free go to my new site:

http://www.kinkstop.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Rhetoric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





