BDSM Library - Another Kind of Date Rape




Another Kind of Date Rape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She hasn't ever forgotten what he did to her and now she's in a position to turn the tables.
Another Kind of Date Rape


He looked every bit the same jock asshole as she remembered from 4 years
earlier.  4 long years earlier; she had never forgotten, had never forgiven, had
never stopped planning revenge.  4 years later to the night, she was here in a
college bar watching him, Lance Rockwell, all-American boy with movie star
looks, star receiver on the football team, and date rapist extraordinaire.  She
knew it for a fact: the unexpected attention from Lance at a game night dance,
the party afterwards, the liquor, the struggle in a bedroom as he overpowered
her, the jamming of his cock up her dry, virgin vagina, the pain of violated
tissue.  He had hurt her big time, physically and emotionally, and she knew she
was just one of several other girls in their high school that Lance had date
raped.  Who knew how many young college women had succumbed to his looks and
status and also suffered a brutal attack.  It was payback time.  For her, for
all of them.  His threats to keep quiet or he would ruin her reputation at high
school didn't hold water now.

He didn't even know she was a freshman at the same big university campus where
he held Big Man On Campus rank.  Not that he would remember her or even
recognize her.  She had grown 6 inches in both height and her bust since
freshman year in high school.  The thin, studious freshman girl with short hair
and glasses had grown into a tall woman with long dark hair, centerfold
measurements and contacts.  She turned heads everywhere, especially with the
blond wig and heavy makeup she was wearing this evening.

She had passed up full ride scholarships to go to the same school he attended. 
She led a normal college life and was enjoying the college experience, but she
was also watching and planning her revenge all the while.  It had taken some
planning, too.  What to do, how to do it, where to do it, etc.  She had it all
together now; she would make it happen tonight.  She had dressed for the
occasion and couldn't wait to test her charms on him.  A thin, tight tube top
encased her full, round tits with just the right hint of nipples showing
through.  A bare midriff with a tight pair of low cut jeans hugging her firm,
shapely ass led down to a pair of heels showcasing her long, slim legs.  With
blond hair and red lipstick, she was every college guy's wet dream.  She was
ready and watched for the right moment.

When the waitress brought him another beer, she made her move.  She circled
through the crowd and came up behind him.  As he held the beer glass out while
talking to his buddies, she pretended to stumble into him, throwing her arm
across his wrist, spilling the beer everywhere.  "Oh, I'm so sorry," she
stammered as she regained her balance.  All eyes were on her as she grabbed a
napkin and tried to wipe the spilled beer from Lance's pants.  "Someone bumped
me right into you, it wasn't my fault," she continued as Lance stood up and
appraised her.  His scowling face turned into a bright smile as he got a full
look at her.  "Oh, hey, that's ok, not your fault.  My pants are ruined but I'll
live."  He was turning the charm meter on high.  His buddies just stared at her
gorgeous body as she purposely jiggled her impressive tits while trying to wipe
up the spilled beer.

"Please," she said, "Let me buy you another beer, that's the least I can do." 
"Well," he replied, "that's a nice offer, but I'll tell you what, I'll buy us
both a beer and we can talk for awhile and call it even."  He gave her his best
perfect teeth smile.  She dazzled him with one of her own and said, "Great. 
I'll be over at that small table."  He gave his buddies a knowing smile and
said, "Be right there."  She heard some appreciative whistles as she made her
way over to the empty table.

He brought the beers over to the table and sat down, engaging her in playful
conversation.  She gave him a fake name and played along, acting appropriately
impressed when he inevitably told her he was the football team's star receiver
and possibly had a shot at playing in the NFL.  Moving closer to him and giving
all the interested signals, she waited for his pickup line.  He didn't take
long.  "Wow, you are really great, you know?  Would you like to maybe go
somewhere where we could talk some more and be a little more alone?"

She pulled the hook in deep.  "Yeah, that would be awesome.  Buy some more beers
first, though; I want to get a buzz on."  He looked like a cat swallowing a
canary, as he smirked, "Absolutely, be right back."  She noticed him subtly give
his buddies the thumbs up sign as he crossed over to the bar.  That's right, she
thought, you are gonna get something tonight all right.  Just not what you
planned on.  Not by a longshot.  She smiled as she contemplated her careful
plans for the evening.

When he brought the beers back, she gave him a big smile and asked him to get
her a slice of lime.  He jumped up and ran back to the bar.  She fished a pill
out of her pocket, curled her hands around his beer and crumbled the pill into
the glass.  The foam covered the powder up nicely in his beer.  Then she spilled
most of her beer on the floor, acting like it was an accident.  No one even
glanced her way.  She laughed as he came back, grandly gave her the lime slice
and took a big swig of his beer.  "Wow, I've got to catch up to you.  That sure
tastes great, doesn't it?  Here's to you," he said, taking another swig,
obviously thinking she had downed most of her beer and trying to get her to
finish it off.  She drained her glass and faked a little dizziness.  "Whoa, went
right to my head.  No problem, though, I can drink you under the table," she
jousted.  "I'm sure you can," he said, finishing his beer, "but let's get out of
here.  It's so crowded.  I know a place we can go."

"Actually, I know a better place," she responded.  "A friend of mine is out of
town and is letting me stay in her big townhouse.  It's really cool and there's
a monster stereo system and a full liquor cabinet there."  She licked her lips
and pushed her tits out as she waited for his reply.  She could see the wheels
turning in his thick head as he acknowledged his unbelievable luck.  A
hard-drinking, outrageously hot looking blond babe has access to an empty
townhouse with a liquor cabinet.  He could almost feel her tits in his hands and
he was already getting a little hard.  He jumped up and said, "I'm there.  Let's
go."  They went out to the parking lot and found his car, she playing the
attentive college coed with too many drinks in her.  She gave him directions to
the townhouse and kept up a silly conversation.  Intentionally, she directed him
down various streets on a circuitous route.  It was doubtful he could even
recall the street let alone the address in the morning, she thought.  She
watched him carefully as he neared their destination.  He was getting a little
drowsy, but she perked him up by putting her arms around him when they got out
of the car, smashing her tits into his chest and planting a big kiss on his
lips.  Then she ran up the walk, opened the door to the townhouse and invited
him in.

He hustled after her into the place.  She went straight to the huge stereo rack
on the wall and turned on some music.  He looked around appreciatively, as he
eyed the expensive furniture and artwork.  It was obvious an interior decorator
had spent a lot of time and money on this place.  She brought over a bottle of
tequila and some shot glasses to the coffee table.  Filling one to the brim, she
said, "Hey, this one is yours.  I told you I could drink you under the table."

He yawned but rose the challenge.  He knew he would have her clothes off in a
few minutes if she drank a few tequila shots.  He grabbed the shot glass and
downed the burning liquor with a slam of the glass.  "Another, and you keep up,"
he laughed.  She obediently poured him another big shot which he downed and
poured a half filled glass for herself.  "Hey hotshot," she teased him, "Let's
see if you can really keep up with me.  Take a swig."  She handed him the bottle
and he did as she asked, taking a big swig.  "Your turn," he said, handing it
back.  His eyes were getting half-lidded and his movements a little slower.  She
knew he was on his way out.  "Let's get on the couch," she smiled and walked
over to the big leather sofa leaving the bottle behind.  He didn't even notice
she wasn't drinking.  He stumbled to the couch and sat down heavily.  He was
staring at her chest and breathing through his mouth.

"I must be a little tired from practice," he said as he reached out for her. 
She let him kiss her as his hands started to explore her body.  It didn't take
but a few moments for his mouth to go limp and his hands to drop away as he slid
down into the couch.  He could barely keep his eyes open as he mumbled, "Whoa, I
got to close my eyes just a moment.  Come here and keep me warm."  She
obligingly snuggled close to him and watched him drift off to sleep.  When he
was dead out, she got up, thinking how strong those date rape pills were.  They
worked just as well on guys as on girls.  She checked the clock and saw that
things were right on schedule.  She got her suitcase from the bedroom and went
to work.

She pulled his clothes off and momentarily froze when she saw his big penis. 
She briefly re-lived her rape all over again, but finally went back to work,
struggling to pull his legs over the back of the couch.  The thought of cutting
his penis off crossed her mind for the hundredth time, but she knew she couldn't
go quite that far.  Besides, her plan for revenge was better anyway.  She left
him stomach down over the sofa back with his hips in the air and legs hanging
down to the floor.  She took some nylon rope and tied his ankles spread far
apart from one sofa leg to another and did the same with his wrists on the front
sofa legs.  Then she set up a camcorder tripod and camera and started recording
the scene.  She knew she could easily print some great still shots later with
her video editing software at her apartment.  Last, she stripped off her clothes
and put on a black leather teddy, leather panties and mid-thigh leather boots
from the suitcase.  Leather gloves, a neck chain and a masquerade ball mask
completed her new dominatrix outfit.  Plus, her identity was completely
concealed with the wig, makeup and mask.  She checked the clock again and
figured she had about 45 minutes to do her photo shoot.

The suitcase yielded several interesting items.  She picked up a riding crop
first and posed with Lance in several positions for the camera.  She took a deep
breath as she remembered her rape again and the stories some of her high school
friends had told her.  She felt herself tense up and slash his butt with the
crop as hard as she could.  A bright red stripe appeared on his lily white ass. 
Lance jerked upwards but only grunted.  She hit him again and again and again,
all over his body, occasionally posing for the camera.  When his body was one
solid mass of red and bruised skin, she moved to his head and picked it up by
the hair.  She planted his face in her crotch, pushing into him to hold his head
up and make it appear that he was being forced to lick her panties.  Then, she
pulled down her panties, exposing her waxed pussy with its thin line of pussy
hair, and did it again to reinforce the idea.  Turning around, she held his head
up as she crammed her butt against his nose, working his nose right up her crack
and occasionally reaching back to whip his back with the crop.  Lifting one of
her legs up, she did it all over again, making sure that she covered every
possible camera angle of his face in her pussy and ass.  Lance barely reacted,
looking for all the world as if he was following her every command.

Next, she stuck her toes in his mouth, as if he was licking and kissing them
while she held the riding crop threateningly over his head.  Finally, she
propped his head up with a sofa pillow, took a wide stance and spread her pussy
lips with her fingers.  She aimed and let loose a stream of piss on his head and
face, and was able to get a nice quantity into his mouth as his jaw hung slack
before she ran dry.  She quickly cleaned up the mess with a kitchen towel; after
all it wasn't her house, she thought, and moved around to the back of the couch
again.  This time, she planted her boot heel in his ass crack and worked it up
his asshole.  When she felt it slip up his butt, she started shoving her foot
against his butt, watching the heel drive up his asshole.  A drip of blood
appeared as she kicked the heel in and out over and over.  Now we're talking,
she thought.  At long last, he's getting a little of his own medicine.  When she
tired of that, she went to the suitcase again and got some more toys out.

She fondled a big black plastic dildo for the camera.  Then, she put the
dickhead on his puckered, bloody asshole and shoved hard.  The dildo popped into
Lance's slippery asshole and she started shoving the dildo in and out, as deep
as it would go.  Lance's muscular butt was gripping the dildo tight and she had
to really work it, enjoying the vision of his asshole stretched to the limit of
tearing.  Lance was reacting a little more this time, his groggy head starting
to lift and bounce up when she rammed the dildo in.  She kept up the reaming for
about the time she figured he had fucked her during the rape and then left the
dildo deep in his ass.

She eyed his balls and limp penis hanging down between his spread legs and gave
them some vicious yanks and squeezes for the camera.  She picked up a garlic
press from her case and whirled it for the camera, too.  She laughed as she
opened the press around one of his balls and slowly squeezed it while looking
into the camera.  As the testicle and scrotum skin was smashed, Lance began
jerking spasmodically in his fog.  He was making choking sounds and drooling,
but wasn't screaming or yelling; he wasn't quite conscious enough for that.  She
twisted the press around for more camera angles and then mashed his other ball. 
Lance began flopping around a little more, making it hard to hold the press
still for the camera.  With a final squeeze, she let the press go.  Not quite
the same as cutting them off, she thought, but hopefully he won't be using them
for a long time.  The mashed balls started swelling as blood rushed in, slowly
filling out to an impressive mangled size.

She retrieved another pill and crumbled some of it into his open, drooling mouth
just to be safe.  She picked up a cord with a slip knot and looped it around his
swelling balls, tightening the cord and trapping the balls beneath the knot. 
Then she checked around the townhouse and tied a heavy iron from the closet to
the cord letting it hang down.  The weight of the iron on the cord pulled his
balls downward to the ripping point.  She bounced the iron with the toe of her
boot for the camera, watching the tortured balls get pulled even farther down. 
Then she pulled his limp dick out backwards away from the sofa as far as it
would go and took a plastic straw from her case.  She worked the straw roughly
up his peehole for several inches, chuckling as she knew it was scratching
sensitive tissue every inch of the way.  Every piss he took for the next month
would be unbearable.  To make sure that things got properly worked over, she
grabbed some hot sauce from the refrigerator and used a medicine dropper to fill
the straw to the top.  She bent over and blew hard on the end of the straw,
forcing the hot sauce deep into Lance's bladder and penis shaft.  She licked a
drop of the sauce off her lips as she stepped back and surveyed her work.

An inspiration came to her.  The ball skin was stretched so tight by the cord
and hanging iron that it was practically translucent.  All the blood had been
forced out and the testicles were tightly outlined against the skin.  She looked
the balls over carefully, checking them for something she thought would feel
like a vein.  Good 'ol Human Sexuality 101 class, she thought.  She ran to the
bathroom and found a razor blade and a Q-tip.  She felt Lance's balls again for
the little veiny thing and made a quick cut in the skin.  The skin was so thin
and tight almost no blood appeared along the cut.  She stuck the Q-tip inside
his ball sac and lifted a thin vein into view.  Only it wasn't a vein, she knew. 
It was the sperm tube from his testicles to his dick.  She cut the tube and
quickly did the same thing to the other testicle.  Oh yeah, she thought, that's
the ticket.  That will help make up for all those rapes.  At least he won't make
anyone pregnant even if his dick ever manages to get hard again.  She took some
super glue from the kitchen drawer and glued the cuts in the ball skin closed
and wiped the balls clean.

She glanced at the clock and only had about 10 minutes left alone.  With a yank,
she pulled the dildo out of his butt and stuck it's dirty, shitty dickhead in
his mouth.  A piece of duct tape held it there.  She pulled a leather glove off
one hand and smeared her fist with hot sauce.  Then she shoved her fingers into
his newly stretched, gaping asshole and worked her hand up his butt.  The dildo
had done a good stretching job and it wasn't long before her whole hand and
wrist was jamming into his ass.  She pulled her arm this way and that for the
camera, stretching and tearing his asshole every way possible.  She had to hold
her nose shut when she pulled her hand out; it was smeared with some shit.  She
ran to the kitchen sink and scrubbed her hand and arm over and over again with
soap.  When she came back, she shoved the hot sauce bottle into his open asshole
and emptied the rest of the sauce in his ass.

With a glance at the clock, she took the dildo out of his mouth, pulled the
straw out of his dick and untied the cord stretching his balls.  She wiped him
down with another wet kitchen towel until he looked more like his prior stud
self.  In fact, his balls and dick had swelled so much from the abuse that he
looked like an Adonis with genitals of massive proportions.

There was a knock on the door and a handsome man came in, staring at Lance and
her.  "Well, how did it go?  Does he still want to go for it?," the newcomer
asked her.  "Yes, we've had our usual domination fun that I told you about, a
little too much fun if you know what I mean, but he assured me that wants to get
laid and that he's ready to come out of the closet.  In fact, he's tentatively
agreed to be featured in the campus newsletter article as the newest member of
the Gay and Lesbian Club at school.  He drank way too much, but he wanted it
that way in case he had second thoughts about going through with everything.  He
and I will watch the tape later and probably have some more fun.  I know he
really just wants to get it over with and out in the open.  He can't take living
a lie any longer."  She watched the man's face as he considered what she had
said.  "Most of my friends get tanked, too.  It's not easy, you know, being
gay," he said.  She nodded sympathetically, "He'll probably come around in a
little while.  He asked if you would just fuck him fast in his ass and mouth. 
And be sure to come in his face and mouth, he wanted to see that on the film
later," she added with a smile.  "My pleasure," he answered.  "Now, get your
clothes off.  Quick!" she ordered, before the gay man had further thoughts.  The
man began stripping and she adjusted the camera angle for best advantage.

The man stepped over to Lance, running his hands over Lance's muscular body and
said, "That's an impressive penis.  I may have a suck after I've done him."  He
played with his rapidly growing dick which was really quite big itself, and
fondled Lance's balls and penis.  She zoomed the camera in as he put his
dickhead on Lance's asshole and pushed in.  She was going to be careful to not
get a clear view of the man's face in any picture.  "Either he isn't a virgin,
dear, or you've punished this butt before," he laughed as he thrust his dick
into Lance's loose asshole.  She laughed, "He was a bad boy tonight, that's for
sure."  She watched as the man continued thrusting deep into Lance.  "Ah, that's
better," he said, "his butt is tightening up again."  The man continued pounding
Lance.  Lance began moving around a little, even moving his arms a little.  She
knew pictures would look like Lance was alert and fully participating.  This was
getting better and better.  The man finally pulled out of Lance and moved around
to Lance's head, lifting Lance's head up tenderly.  "Shouldn't be but a second,
dear, I'm almost there," the man said as he shoved his big dick into Lance's
mouth.

She zoomed the camera in again as the man held up Lance's head and shoved his
big dick into Lance's mouth, filling it and making it look like Lance's
stretched lips were working his dick over.  Perfect, she thought, I couldn't
have asked for anything more.  She was getting excited watching the man use
Lance's mouth and throat like, well, like Lance had used her 4 years ago.  The
man rammed his dick down Lance's throat until his hairy balls were bumping
against Lance's lips.  The man was moaning now and suddenly he pulled out of
Lance's mouth and shot a long string of cum all over Lance's nose and cheeks. 
The man kept stroking his dick, forcing spurt after spurt of cum to splatter on
Lance's face and hair until a web of cum glistened all over.  "Oh, my goodness,
that was just fantastic, dear.  I do like this boy.  I may have to do this again
in a couple of minutes," the man gasped.  She was practically breathless from
watching, and had to recover a little before laughing and saying, "I'm sure he
wouldn't mind, do anything you want.  We have the time."

The man proceeded to put on an impressive display of sexual prowess for her,
first sucking on Lance's dick for a awhile, and then going for another round of
reaming Lance's ass and mouth.  She took the opportunity to buckle on a strap-on
dildo harness and when the man moved to Lance's mouth for the second time, she
rammed the dildo up Lance's ass and they shoved Lance back and forth in rhythm. 
Finally, the man splattered another cum load in Lance's mouth and said, "That's
it.  I'm beat, dear.  I hope he's satisfied when he sees the tape."  He stroked
Lance's head as cum dripped down Lance's lips and chin.

She didn't really hear him as she was totally focused on slamming Lance's ass. 
The dildo harness was rubbing her clit each time she shoved the dildo in and she
was on the edge of a shattering orgasm.  "Go girl," the man said appreciatively
as he watched her increase her tempo and pound away.  She grabbed Lance's hips
and pulled herself and the dildo harder into Lance with each thrust.  Finally,
she shrieked and started grinding her pussy hard against the dildo using Lance's
firm butt to increase the pressure on her engorged clit.  A major orgasm was
ripping through her and she spasmed continuously for a minute or so, with her
tits flopping wildly and her leg muscles tensing to the max.  The incredible
pleasure and physical exertion made her weak as she finally pulled the dildo out
of Lance's tortured asshole.

She started stripping the harness and her leather costume off while she took a
breather on a chair.  He looked at her, saying "Thank you, dear, for letting me
help this boy acknowledge his gayness.  I can't wait to hear his reaction to
viewing the film with you when he is fully awake tomorrow."  "Yes," she
answered, "I think he'll be excited, too.  Who knows, I may be able to introduce
you two again sometime."

She dressed and they put Lance's clothes back on.  She asked the man to kiss
Lance while holding him upright and she caught the kiss on camera.  Then they
carried him to the car and she thanked the man and promised to call soon.  He
was a new acquaintance that she had met on the local gay web site and who was
willing to help her friend Lance with his supposed latent homosexuality.  She
wouldn't be contacting him again.  He had served his purpose and it was doubtful
the gay man would recognize her without the blond wig and makeup, even if they
somehow ran into each other.  A sudden thought occurred to her; she hadn't asked
the gay man if he had AIDS.  Wouldn't that be too good to be true if Lance
became infected?

She started the car and began the drive to Lance's neighborhood, where she was
going to park the car in a dark place and just leave Lance there to wake up
painfully, very painfully, an hour or two later.  He was already stirring a
little and for the first time moans were escaping from his lips.  The first of
many, baby, she thought.  She couldn't wait to view the tape and print some
still shots from it.  Vivid color pictures that would be sent to the football
coach, his fraternity, his friends and his parents.  An article, ostensibly
written by him, would arrive at the student newspaper tomorrow, asking for
immediate publication and thanking the Gay and Lesbian Club for helping him come
out of the closet.  The letter, accompanied by a clear picture of Lance kissing
a blurred man, would go on to urge all gay athletes to come out of the closet. 
His football career was over and his college career was also over, at least at
this school.

She parked the car and took a last look at Lance.  He was still out.  She undid
his zipper and pulled his dick out.  The thick and swollen meat was turning a
nice shade of bruised purple and yellow.  She pushed in the cigarette lighter
and when it popped out red hot, she held his dick steady and jammed the lighter
into the tip of his dickhead.  Lance reacted to that, as best as an unconscious
body can, by jerking around in his seat.  The smell of the burned skin sickened
her and she quickly zipped him back up, grabbed her suitcase, and started
walking to her apartment which was located about a mile away.  She smiled as she
thought of the surprise and excitement that four girls she remembered from high
school were going to have when they watched a video tape that came in the mail
marked "Very Personal - For Your Eyes Only".

When she got home, she put the tape in her player and watched herself and the
gay man violate Lance again and again.  She felt herself oddly excited and
realized it was not just from the act of revenge which was definitely totally
cool.  She was getting mighty turned on watching this beautiful dominatrix
torture the star football player.  Finally, as she watched herself fuck Lance's
ass with the dildo harness for the second time, she had to pull off her tube top
and zip down her pants.  Her hands rubbed her full tits, pinching and pulling
the excited nipples this way and that, as she moaned with increasing excitement. 
She moved a hand to her swelling clit where her fingers started a swirling
motion that she knew would rapidly bring herself to another orgasm.  Watching
the tape was just as exciting as actually torturing Lance had been.  She timed
her climax to match her orgasm on the tape and nearly passed out at the strength
of the pleasure spasms ripping through her body.  Oh my god, she thought, as she
finally sank back into the chair, I've got to look into this domination stuff a
little more seriously.  She went to her computer and did a Google search for
'dominatrix, torture, and sadomasochism'.  The first site that came up,
www.bdsmlibrary.com, took her breath away.  Her hand slid down to her clit again
as she began reading.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Firmhand


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





