BDSM Library - Body Building




Body Building
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Frank gets turned into a complete sissy-slave by a fellow body builder.
BODY BUILDING
By 2NN

Prologue

If only I hadn't been so obsessed with the perfect body, this wouldn't have happened.

About three years ago I was a man. My name was Frank and I worked as an
auto mechanic. My hobby was bodybuilding and I was quite good at it. At
5'11' I was perhaps a little short for the perfect body, but not by
much. Bodybuilding was my only thing I really loved doing and I worked
out 2-3 hours every day. 
I was born a loner and had no real friends and my family was long dead.
And I had a secret. Although I participated in my share of bad locker
room jokes about women, faggots and the like, and laughed just as much
as the others, I have always been attracted to men. Every night in the
shower I had to fight myself so as not to look at the others in way that
would seem suspicious. And it worked after a fashion. To my knowledge no
one knew that I was homosexual. Being a little on the shy side I hardly
ever made any sexual acquaintances, but mostly satisfied my need by
masturbating to a magazine or an web page with good looking guys on it.

It would probably have gone on like that if it hadn't been for Rick.
Rick came to the gym where I worked out once in a while. And he was
perfect. He had the kind of body that I would have loved to have and
wicked good looks to boot. He was the blackest guy I've ever seen. At
6'11" he towered over me. With a charming smile and a manner to match,
it's fair to say that I lusted after him from the minute I laid eyes on
him. Not that he seemed to notice me especially, I was just one of the
guys.

That is until one evening after working out, when he approached me. It
was a cold November night and there was no one around as he came up to
me and asked: "Say Frank, how about you and me go get ourselves a
drink?" Between my lust for him and his killer charm there was no room
left and I agreed immediately. To my great surprise the bar he picked
was a gay bar. Did he know or had he just picked the wrong spot? My
heart began to beat a little harder as we ordered two beers and sat down
in a private booth at the back of the bar.

After a few general remarks, Rick cut to the chase: "You're gay right? I
mean, you're real good at pretending not to check a guys butt out, but
it can be spotted. I mean, it takes one to know one." And there just
like that he had said that he was gay too! Immediately I answered him
that yes I was gay and a little clumsily managed to imply that I found
very sexy. At this he smiled at put his hand on mine. My hand was by no
means small, but his hand made mine seem tiny. 

The rest of the conversation in the bar passed in a blur and pretty soon
we were on our way to my place. As I closed the door behind us, he
turned around and kissed me. I kissed him back and it was great. It was
the kiss I had been waiting for since I'd laid eyes on him. From there
things went wrong. As we kissed I suddenly felt something like a needle
sting my butt. As I withdrew in surprise and pain I saw that Rick was
holding a syringe. I started to ask him what was going on, but my mouth
felt like it was full of cotton and I felt dizzy. As darkness closed in
around me I could still see him holding the syringe, laughing quietly.




Chapter 1 

When I woke up I couldn't move. I was strapped to a hospital
bed, straps around my legs, my hips, my arms and across my chest. I
tried very hard break free, but all my muscle power accomplished was a
weak shaking of the bed, which was obviously bolted to the floor. I
tried to yell, but my mouth was filled with what I later learned was a
penis gag. Not long after I had woken up, Rick appeared by the side of
my bed. He was accompanied by a man in a doctor's outfit and what looked
like some kind of nurse. She was dressed in tight-fitting white rubber
and had the most enormous tits I've ever seen. She wore platform shoes
with very high heels and she looked very afraid of the doctor. "So this
is the useless specimen you want transformed, Mr. Thompson?" the doctor
asked Rick as he flung away the sheet that had covered me. I was stark
naked underneath and my bulging muscles stood out against my bindings.
"Yes, Dr. Jacobsen" Rick confirmed, "That's the one." The doctor asked
again: "And you want only the surgery and the hormone treatment?" Rick
replied: "Yes, all conditioning and training I'll handle. After all,
that's where all the fun is." At this both he and the doctor laughed and
the doctor said in reply: "Yes, you are certainly right about that." 

I, on the other hand was getting very scared. Transformation? Surgery?
Hormones? What were they talking about? I tried to yell and once again
tried to break my bonds. This pathetic show seemed to amuse Rick and he
leaned in and crooned: "There, there, my little slut. I'll soon give you
something real to yell about. In the mean time let's see what an
excitable little slut you are." He grabbed my dick and began to stroke
it gently. To my eternal shame it quickly became rock hard. I tried to
look away in shame, but he grabbed my chin and forced me to look into
his eyes as he continued his hand job. In a few minutes I was ready to
explode. My yelling had turned into moaning and my attempts to get free
had turned into sexually charged squirming. All I cared about was
cuming. And just as I was about to cum, Rick removed his hand. I yelled
with frustration as he laughed at my twitching cock. He left me like
that with a remark to the doctor about picking me up in a month. When
Rick had left the doctor turned me: "Let's get started, shall we?" he
asked me as he plunged a syringe into my arm and everything went black.

Waking up I felt weak. Very weak. It took forever just to open my eyes
and even longer trying to move. When I finally tried to move around, I
found that I was tied up like before. Only this time it didn't matter as
much to me as before. I was drugged and all I really cared about was
sleeping. This went on for a long time: I woke up, found out that I was
still tied up and then I went back to sleep. I don't precisely know for
how long this went on, but if I'd have to guess I'd say a little over a
week. When I finally began to come around for real I noticed a few other
things. My hand and feet were covered in thick bandages and my muscles
in my hands and feet were completely unresponsive. My face also seemed
covered in bandages, as was my throat. Finally I could feel a tightness
in the skin on my chest and a weight there that was unfamiliar. What had
they done to me?

After a while the doctor came to check on me. I tried to make
disgruntled sounds behind my gag, but no sound came. Maybe they had cut
my vocal cords? The doctor didn't seem to notice my presence, but rather
devoted his attention to my bandages. He gave some instructions to the
nurse accompanying him before leaving. It wasn't the same nurse who had
accompanied the doctor before, but she looked just like her: huge tits,
rubber uniform and high-heeled platform shoes. Like the other nurse she
seemed terrified of the doctor. When he had left she carried out his
instructions and changed my bandages and the IV going into my arm. As
she performed these duties she removed the sheet covering me and I saw
what caused the tightness and weight on my chest. I had tits! They were
nowhere near the size of those the nurse sported, but they were
definitely of respectable size. I tried fighting and yelling again, but
I was too weak and still no sound came from my throat. She finished the
session by giving me something to eat. This was done by inserting a tube
into a hole in my gag and feeding me a liquid mush. Then she saw to my
other needs. She started most unpleasantly by inserting a catheter into
my penis and draining urine from my bladder. She left the catheter in
but attached a new bag to the end of the tube, leaving me no bladder
control. My urine just dribbled into the bag whenever the need arose.
The last thing she did was to clean out my bowels. To do this she raised
the bed until she could kneel down under it. Here she removed the piece
of the bed directly beneath my ass and proceeded to stick a tube up my
ass. Of course I clenched my buttocks as hard as I could and she was
unable to stick the tube up my ass. She rose and spoke to me: "Please
allow me to give you the enemas," her voice had a strong lisping quality
as her huge lips prevented her from speaking properly, "If you don't
allow me to give you the enemas, I'll be forced to call someone to
punish you. Believe me, you don't want that to happen." Although she
asked with an imploring tone in her voice I didn't give in. Nobody was
going to stick a tube up my ass. When her efforts to convince me had
failed, she turned around with a sigh and left. About half an hour later
she came back with the doctor, who looked furious. "Stupid slut!" he
yelled into my face as he slapped me hard, "You are nothing but
property. But don't worry cunt, I'll teach you. Just you wait and see."
He fetched some wires with large alligator clips at the ends. One was
placed on my cock and although painful it was nothing compared to the
next 2. These were placed so the clip engulfed a whole testicle and
squeezed hard. Very hard. The applied pressure on my testicle made me
want to scream, but still no sound came. I thrashed in my bonds but to
no avail. The doctor had an evil little smile on his face and it got a
lot wider as he applied current to the wires. My crotch exploded with
pain as he pulsed the current and soon I would do anything to make the
current stop. But just to make a point the doctor continued the torture
for a good while longer and when he finally stopped I was desperate.
"Are you going to be good little girl now?" he asked me. Not caring that
I didn't like being called a girl, I nodded vigorously. The doctor
seemed satisfied with this and turned to the nurse: "She won't give you
any more problems, but just to make sure give her 10 enemas instead of
the usual 5." With that he turned and walked away.

The nurse looked at me with a sad little I-told-you-so look on her face
and proceeded to give me the enemas. Although not as painful as the
electric current, the enemas were very painful and very humiliating. By
number 3 I was crying already and tried desperately to plead though my
gag, but still no sound came from my vocal cords. By number 6 I was
exhausted, covered in sweat and would have done anything to avoid the
last 4 enemas. But of course there was no mercy and when she had
finished with me I had no fight left in me and I just lay limply as she
replaced the section of bed under my ass and covered me with the sheet
and left. Left alone I gradually gathered my self and thought about my
situation. Were they turning me into a girl? But why? And why was my
cock still there if that was the case? I understood nothing as I fell
asleep.

The next few weeks passed in much the same way, except that I was
determined not to get punished again so I willingly allowed the nurse
the give the enemas. My bandages were changed once a day and I was fed
via the tube in my gag twice a day. Other than that the only thing I had
to do was to watch my tits grow. And did they ever grow! They grew so
fast that I was afraid they were going to burst and after about three
weeks I had 40DD tits. A week before this happened my bandages came off
my feet, my hands and my face. Both my feet and my hands had been shrunk
and were now small and very feminine. My mechanics hands were gone
forever and I must have shed at least 3 shoe sizes. Looking down my arms
and legs was very strange. My muscles were still large, bulging under
the straps, but it looked wrong compared to my now dainty hands and
feet. I was not allowed to see my face just yet.

In the meantime I was allowed to train my new voice. A lady in her
fifties, also obviously a slave/nurse, with a name tag reading "Miss
Cunningham" sat down next to me one day. Before removing my gag she
explained that the punishment for not cooperating with her would be even
more severe than last time. I decided to cooperate in full. Then she
removed my gag and asked: "What's your name?" My reply: "My name is
Frank," came out in a soft and sexy soprano. I was shocked! What were
they turning me into? Miss Cunningham brought me back to reality by
saying: "Listen to me! If you don't listen and obey, I'll have to call
the doctor." I definitely didn't want that and sat quietly looking at
her. "Good," she continued, "but your name is no longer Frank. It's
Francine now. Say it "My name is Francine."" In shock I repeated her
words and the lessons began. Miss Cunningham's job was to teach me how
to speak in the proper feminine manner. When I failed to do this
properly she called Dr. Jacobsen, who administered severe punishments.
They always left me crying and begging in my new feminine voice. I
realized that they were slowly turning me into a sissified bitch. And
there was nothing I could do about it! If I were to object the evil
doctor would just zap until I cried and screamed and in spite of all my
muscles I was completely helpless. It was insanely frustrating. What was
equally frustrating was my ever-growing sexual need. They must have been
feeding me aphrodisiacs or something because my cock was constantly hard
and it twitched with need at the slightest touch. It had to be hormones,
because I definitely hated being turned into a sissy-girl...didn't I? A
few times during speech training I found myself loving the sound of my
new voice, but quickly banished these thoughts. I just couldn't be
enjoying this in any way!




Chapter 2 

Then one day Rick came to fetch me. He still looked great to
me, even though he had put me through all this misery. He wore a very
classy black suit, with a white shirt and a red tie. After the doctor
and Rick had discussed my "progress" a little, the doctor left us alone.
Rick stood next to my bound form and flung aside the sheet. I wanted to
be furious at him, but as he gently touched my thigh a passionate moan
escaped me as my cock stood at full mast. He smiled at this and said:
"Well Francine, I think that it's time to tell you what the future holds
for you. As you might have guessed, you won't be going back to fixing
cars. I have decided that you are going to spend the rest of your life
as a slave girl. I like my bitches muscular and I like them with a
little something extra between their legs. It makes them easier to
control. You are going to make a living as my maid and in-house
cocksucker and fucktoy. Occasionally I'll torture you, but not often.
When we get home I will break you and punishment will no longer be
necessary when I have broken you to my will. You may doubt it now, but I
promise that in a month all you'll think about is how to please me. I am
your Master and you had better get used to it." I looked at him with
mixture of disgust and passion. I hated what he said, but at the same
time his soft touch with my cock drove me crazy. I groaned with
disappointment when he removed his hand.

From his bag he now produced my new outfit: First came a pair of
high-heeled shoes. They were white with locking ankle straps and
stilettos 6-inches high and they were at least a size too small as he
squeezed them onto my feet. On my hands he put fingerless mittens made
of white leather that pressed my fingers together in a cone-like shape,
rendering my hands completely useless. Then came a wide, white leather
collar around my neck. At the tips of the mittens were D-rings and as he
released my hands one by one he locked my mittens to the collar. It was
the first time in a month that my hands were not strapped to the bed and
I naturally tried to fight him. But it was no use. He was much too
strong for me and he laughed at my pathetic attempts to get free as he
secured my hands to the collar. He pulled a strap through the crooks of
my elbows and tied it off tightly behind my back, thus making sure that
my arms were held close to the body, the elbows slightly towards the
back. Allowing me no time to protest he exchanged my regular black penis
gag with a huge white ball gag. The final touch was the worst, the
definitive sign of my slave status. The last thing he did before undoing
the last of the straps securing me to the bed and helping me to stand on
the floor, was to chastise my cock. He enveloped my member in a large
ice pack to make it shrink. And did it ever shrink! The shock from the
cold was nasty and it got worse as he kept it there until I was
shivering and my genitals had gone numb. Then he produced the chastity
device. It was a small, very small, metal tube. At one end a steel wire
was welded to it and at the other end was a ring. He now squeezed the
tube down over my cock, so that the end with the ring was at the head of
my dick. It was a good thing that my genitals were numb from the cold
because it involved a lot of hard work, pulling and squeezing to get it
on. Afterwards, when the feeling had returned, I would feel the pain
from this struggle to get the chastity device on, but as he did it I was
fortunately numb from the cold. When he had worked the tube onto my cock
he pulled my balls down until I cried out and then he took the steel
wire and wound it around the base of my scrotum several times before
securing the wire to the other side of the tube in a small locking
mechanism. The chastity device was now secured to my cock and wouldn't
come off unless the steel wire was unlocked. The finishing touch was
attaching a leash to the ring at the end of the chastity tube.

Rick didn't waste time admiring his handiwork. He undid the last straps
securing me to the bed and then he lifted me out onto the floor. My legs
were wobbly after sitting/lying down for a month and the unfamiliar
high-heels didn't make matters better as I stood swaying insecurely.
"Now, Francine, you hot bitch," Rick told me, "it's time to familiarize
you with certain aspects of your new life. First of all you must always
remember this: You are a slave and I am your Master. You will obey every
order, no matter how disgusting or painful, without question or pause.
You will never speak unless spoken to. You will start and finish every
sentence with the word "Master" or "Mistress", depending on who is
dominating you. You will learn all the rules later, but for now remember
these. You must always remember that you are the lowest scum in any
company and that disobedience will be met with punishment." As he said
this he picked up a riding crop and swung it in a low, hard arc striking
me squarely on the balls. My world exploded with pain as I doubled over
and collapsed on the floor, too out of breath even to scream. As I lay
there Rick crouched down beside me and spoke: "In a minute you will
practice walking in your new shoes before I take you home. It will be
difficult, but remember that disobedience earns you punishment. Since
you will be wearing stilettos 24/7 for the rest of your life you might
as well get used to walking in them." As Rick said this I became truly
terrified for the first time. Until now I had said to myself that once I
was released from the bed it would merely be a matter of time and effort
before I could break free. Now I began to sense just how complete Rick's
domination would be. He definitely didn't seem like the type who made
any mistakes. His punishments looked like they could be just as harsh as
those administered by Dr. Jacobsen and Rick was so strong I couldn't
believe it. Even after a month in bed I knew I was pretty strong, but
Rick had handled me like a baby, defeating me with no effort at all. And
when he had lifted me out of bed he had done so with the ease that one
might employ lifting a small handbag. At the back of my head I began to
realize that maybe Rick could turn me into a slave girl. The thought
almost filled me with panic. Rick spotted this immediately. He smiled
knowingly and stroked my cheek surprisingly gently: "Yes, my little
slave slut, I can see that you are beginning to believe me. That's good.
The sooner you give in and accept your fate as a slave, the easier it
will be. Less painful, although pain and humiliation will be an integral
part of your life from now on. Now get up bitch!" With that he pulled me
to my feet, lifting my weight me as easily as you might lift a light
shopping bag. His strength scared me badly.

He took the leash and pulled. Having no other choice I followed him and
for the next half hour or so I practiced walking in stilettos. It was
very difficult at first, but soon I achieved a small measure of control
and was able to keep up with Rick, although not very elegantly.
Satisfied for now Rick led me to the far side of the room were he opened
a closet. On the inside of the closet door was a full-length mirror and
for the first time in a month I was able to see myself. I was shocked! I
looked weird and sexy at the same time. My face had been resculpted and
was delicately feminine with full red lips, bearing very little
resemblance to my former face. My hair, although still short, had been
cut in a very feminine manner and it had been bleached white. White was
clearly going to be color, my shoes, the mittens holding my hands, my
collar, my gag and the strap holding my arms to my body were all white,
even the leash going to my chastity device was white. I looked very
feminine, but in the same weird manner that female bodybuilders look
sexy and feminine. Everywhere I had bulging muscles and my skin was
still tan from all the hours under the artificial sun and I was looking
very feminine, tied up and vulnerable. Rick stood behind me. Now he
leaned in over my left shoulder, looked into my eyes in the mirror while
removing all slack from the leash with the right hand he cupped my left
breast with his left hand and whispered into my ear: "You're my bitch
now. When I've finished training you, you'll be a perpetually horny
little cumslut, my little fucktoy, ready and willing to do anything for
your Master." I shivered at his words. In the mirror I saw clearly for
the first time how it was: I was my big, black Master's little, feminine
and muscular fucktoy. With his huge black, frame behind me I looked
petite and insignificant, a little white sissy tied up to please her
Master. At the same time my dick stirred. It had long since recovered
from the cold and begun to ache from the brutal treatment, but now it
stirred with lust. I couldn't believe it. I hated the situation but
against my will it excited me. As I looked down in shame Rick's laughter
boomed across the room: "Horny little slut. Can't wait to be bossed
around and fucked." He laughed and pulled my leash. The sharp pain in my
genitals pulled me back to the real world and to my alarm I saw the Rick
was leading me out of the room. Unable to resist I obediently followed
my Master into the empty hallway and beyond as he led me to an office
door. After knocking we entered Dr. Jacobsen's office were Rick said his
goodbyes to the doctor before we left.

I was feeling terribly self-conscious as Rick led me through the clinic
to his car. The situation was horribly humiliating, me being led by my
imprisoned cock, a big-titted sissy enslaved by her Master. I wanted to
resist, but knew it was futile. I didn't really notice anything on the
way to the car as I concentrated on keeping my head down and following
Master Rick. Master Rick drove a big, black Mercedes. He made me stand
next to the open trunk as he tied my knees and ankles together using
white leather straps. When he was done with my ankles he stood up and
produced a thick, white rubber hood, which he drew over my head and
laced up tightly. It not only cut off my sight, but also dampened all
sound to the point where I had to strain to hear anything at all. This
accomplished he picked me up as if I weighed nothing and threw me into
the trunk. He strapped me to the floor, removing the last freedom of
movement I had and threw a thick blanket over me. Then he shut the trunk
and drove off.

We drove for a long time. I have no idea of how long since I fell
asleep, but I woke when the blanket was removed and cold air touched my
skin. I was lifted out of the trunk and stood up against the car as the
bindings on my legs where removed. My leash was tugged and I was forced
to follow. We stopped and I could feel that we were in an elevator going
up. It was a surprisingly long ride before I was led out of the
elevator. My hood was removed and I could see where I was. Master Rick's
place was an enormous penthouse apartment, with the elevator opening
directly into the apartment. It was huge and filled with expensive
furniture and art. It was a very classy place. But there was no time to
check out the apartment or enjoy the view, which was fantastic. Rick
grabbed my leash and dragged me to the far end of the apartment to a
very solid looking door. It opened into a dungeon and once inside I was
given a chance to settle in. Rick made me sit down next to a wall and
secured my leash to a ring in the wall. "Goodnight Francine," he said as
he stood up, "Tomorrow we'll start your training, so get some rest.
You're going to need it." With that he left me tied up, gagged and
secured to the wall, lying on the cold stone floor. As he turned out the
light and closed the door behind him, I was once again gripped by my
situation: I really was going to be a slave. I could see no way out,
unless I could break out on my own and that looked doubtful. With these
hopeless thoughts I lay down on the floor and tried to get some sleep.

The next couple of weeks were a nightmare. Every waking hour was filled
with training: how to talk, how to walk, how to dress, how to apply
make-up. Everything I needed to know in my new life as a sissy-slave. I
could feel how every hour drained more of my resistance away, turning me
more and more into the submissive and docile sissy Rick wanted me to be.
To my surprise I found that he had meant it when he told me that he
liked his bitches muscular. I pumped iron 2-3 hours every day under
Rick's supervision. He had a fully equipped gym in the apartment and we
would work out together, with him instructing my every move like in all
aspects of my new life. Before starting the workout I would be gagged
and hooded, leaving me blind. To avoid toughening my delicate feminine
hands, my hands were put in mittens and I was equipped with wide,
leather (white of course) wrist cuffs and these were secured to whatever
machine I was to use. That way my hands remained uncalloused.

I only wore white: white high-heeled shoes, white collar, white dresses
and skirts, white lacy underwear, white nightgowns. I wore stiletto
heels all the time, sometimes boots, sometime sandals. Most of the time
I wore shoes with locking ankle straps. I slept with stilettos on and I
had special plastic sandals with 7-inch stilettos for taking showers in.
I practiced being the perfect little sissy for Master Rick every day
until I collapsed from fatigue and in the morning the training would
continue. The smallest transgressions or deviations from whatever Rick
had ordered resulted in punishment. The whip and electric torture being
his favorites. After a week I was terrified of displeasing him and I
burst out crying every time he told me that I had deserved punishment.
He was rapidly turning me into the sissy he had promised me that I would
be.

The first real turning point came one day 2 weeks into the training,
when he removed all my bonds so that I could practice walking unbound. I
had already acquired a properly feminine walk when bound and indeed all
my movements and all my manners were quickly becoming super feminine,
just as Master Rick wanted it. Being unbound for the first time in a
month and a half stirred what little rebellion I still had in me, and as
Rick turned around to pick up a whip so that the lesson could get under
way I spotted my chance and pounced on him. I ran at him and tried to
strike him with all the force I had. It was futile. He had of course
been expecting it and I didn't even land one blow on him. He pacified me
so easily that the humiliation alone was punishment enough. Even when I
fought with all of my considerable strength, he defeated me without even
breaking a sweat. As I kicked and screamed he lifted me up and carried
me to a padded cross and tied me to it, seemingly without effort and
without me landing a single blow on him. I cried in frustration as the
last strap held me to the cross. "Well, well, well," he said as he stood
up, "Who would have thought that there was any fight in the little sissy
slut? Of course you realize that disobedience of this order merits
severe punishment?" Realizing the extent of my mistake I started to
plead and babble, but it did me no good. Paying no heed to me he started
the punishment by picking up a whip and using it on my bound form until
I passed out from the pain, completely covered in angry red welts. He
brought me around with smelling salts and used electrodes on my genitals
and my tits for the last part of the punishment. I screamed and screamed
as the current ripped through my most sensitive areas until he was
finally convinced that I had learned a lesson. Then he untied my and
immediately started the training session he had been about to begin when
I had attacked him. Although I was at the point of collapse, I was very
careful in performing everything he asked of me. In more and more of the
training sessions I was left unbound, but I had been cured of my wish to
attack Master Rick. A similar thing happened the first time I was left
alone. I tried to escape by running to the elevator, but again Master
Rick had anticipated it and I was punished severely. I had almost no
fight left in me, just a desire to make sure that Master Rick was not
displeased.

Although the first 3 weeks of training had been a nightmare of intense
sissification, one thing had been strangely absent: Sex. I was being
turned into a sex slave, a fucktoy, a cumslut to use Master Rick's
words, but so far he hadn't even taken his trousers off. At the same
time I was becoming ever more the sissy he wanted and I now dreamed of
his cock. I had never seen it, but in my dreams I was being fucked by
it, I was sucking it for all I was worth. I was a slave to it. During
the most rigorous training drills and even during the workouts where I
sat in the warm, darkness of the rubber hood I was horny. It had been
months since I had cum, and my imprisoned cock now dribbled pre-cum all
the time. During the day my restrained cock and balls were tucked up
between my buttocks and held in place by a sanitary napkin and a pair of
white silk panties. I needed the napkin so I wouldn't have whitish
pre-cum running down my leg. It was terribly embarrassing. The absence
of sex confused me a great deal and one day I worked up my courage to
ask Master Rick: "Master, please, Master. Master, may your sissy-slave
ask a question, Master? Master, please, Master?" Master Rick seemed to
have been expecting it and replied:" Yes, Francine, you may ask a
question, but since you have spoken without being spoken to, you will be
punished afterwards." I had been expecting as much, but I still
swallowed hard before asking my question: "Master, please, Master.
Master, your slave wonders why there has been no sex training, Master?
Master, please, Master." I dared not ask any further and looked down in
submission as I awaited his reply. Master Rick was laughing a little as
he replied: "I want a sissy slave who knows her place before I begin my
sex training of her. Sex training requires a firmer commitment than just
prancing around in the proper feminine manner. But I do believe that you
are almost ready Francine. Soon you will be sucking my cock, which I
know you will enjoy immensely." I felt confused after his reply. Not
about his reply, but about my own emotions. It occurred to me that the
real reason I had asked the question was because I had been afraid that
Master Rick didn't like me enough to fuck me and that I really would
like to get fucked by him. I realized just how much of a sissy I had
become, longing for my Master's touch and waiting for his commands. But
there wasn't much to do about it anymore. Almost all of the fight had
gone out of me now and I was nearly the docile submissive slut that he
wanted. I was torn between the feeling that I should hate being like
that, and I a strange feeling of wanting to be that sissy for my Master.

A few days later Master Rick started my training as a sex slave and the
last ounce of fight was drained from me. I was on my knees, on my feet
were ankle high boots with 7-inch stilettos and my legs were tied
together at the knee and at the ankles. My arms were held in an arm
binder made of white leather, straps criss-crossing my exposed chest. I
was kneeling in front of a chair in which Master Rick sat. For the first
time he had removed his trousers and I was staring in near panic at his
cock. In my dreams (which had increased in intensity) his cock had been
beautiful and it was beautiful in real life too. In real life it was
also huge. It was absolutely enormous! I thought that I would only just
be able to gape over it with my mouth, but how was I ever going to take
it up my ass? I would split me in half! As Master Rick ordered me to
start by kissing his cock I rebelled for the last time and drew away my
head while clamping my mouth shut. This infuriated Master Rick and he
slapped me so hard that I fell over, pouring curses over him. It wasn't
as if I'd never sucked cock before, but the size of the cock and the
fact that I was now a sissy slave instead of and independent homosexual
man made me draw away. Master Rick's punishment was terrible. He
strapped me to something that looked like a gynecologist's chair, my
legs spread wide. I thought he was going to punish my genitals until he
strapped down my head and inserted a speculum into my mouth, holding it
open. When I saw the pliers I started to scream in panic, but by then it
was too late. Using just the pliers he removed all of my teeth. It hurt
horribly and I fainted from the pain several times during the torture.
As he removed them, he reminded me that I had better start obeying every
order I was given, because no matter how bad things were now, they could
always get worse. When it was over I had been broken to his will
completely. The last fight was out of me and I would always be slave. I
knew now that Master Rick was my Master and that I would obey his very
command. And I have. Since that day I haven't hesitated in performing a
single of his commands, no matter how painful or humiliating.

Sex training proved to be an ongoing thing. There always seems to be new
things to learn, but during those first few weeks Master Rick taught me
the basics of how to suck cock, give hand jobs and how to use my ass.
But again Master Rick used a slow and meticulous approach. The first
weeks all my ass fucking training was performed on a dildo, not with him
fucking my ass. I was very puzzled but dared not ask, so I just fucked
the dildo as ordered. It was among the last things in the intensive
first part of my training and Master Rick finished this part of my
training by making me irrevocably his. I was wearing white ankle high
leather boots with 7-inch heels, a white leather corset and my hands
were encased in white leather mittens, which were tied to my white
leather collar. My arms were held to my body by a white leather straps
and I was left ungagged. I had been waiting in the dungeon for some time
now, holding the positions ordered by Master Rick; my feet close
together and my head bowed, not moving other than to breathe. Master
Rick entered the room and went straight up to me. He was wearing a pair
of black leather boots and a pair of black leather pants and nothing
else. He looked fantastic without even trying. In his left hand was a
thick, black leather strap. He took my chin and lifted my head until he
looked me straight into the eyes. "Well, slave. Today is your last day
of introductory training. When I'm finished with you here, you'll enter
service as my little maid, my fucktoy." His words sent shivers down my
spine. I felt confused and vulnerable because I didn't know whether it
was from fear or lust, but that was soon settled. Master Rick held me
tight and kissed me deeply. I found myself responding without even
thinking about it. More and more I was being turned into his willing
captive, his eager little fucktoy. He spent and eternity kissing and
caressing me and in minutes I was whimpering with lust. I wanted to cum
so badly, but I dared not ask. To my great pleasure and surprise Master
Rick then released my restrained member, which immediately sprung to
life twitching with urgent need. Gently touching and caressing it from
time to time he moved to stand behind me. As I was standing there
whimpering and moaning Master Rick tied the thick, black leather strap
tightly around my throat just above my collar. It didn't cut off my
breath - yet. Still keeping me aroused he took a small metal bar and
placed it between my neck and the strap, thus creating a tourniquet of
sorts or perhaps more appropriately a garotte. In my haze of sexual
excitement I began to get very afraid, even if the fear was tinged with
arousal. Master Rick then lubed up my ass and positioned himself behind
me, his knees bent. Holding my erect and throbbing member in one hand
and the metal bar used to tighten the strap around my throat in the
other, he leaned in and whispered into my ear: "Here it comes, you
useless slut. The moment you have been fantasizing about for so long,
the moment when you are finally allowed get my dick up your sissy-cunt."
In reply all I managed was a lustful moan before he pushed into my ass.
Although I knew his cock was huge and although I had been trying to
mentally prepare for the moment, I still screamed in pain as his
enormous cock entered my asshole. But even though I twisted and screamed
there was no stopping Master Rick. When all of his cock was inside me I
thought I was being ripped apart. I tried looking down my body, half
expecting his cock to stick out of my belly. Slowly but with increasing
pace he began working it in and out and after a while I began to get
into the rhythm. As he continued to stroke my member I began to enjoy
the fucking, moaning loudly as he pumped his cock in and out of my
abused ass. Since Master Rick was so much taller than me my feet were
dangling a full foot above the ground as he pounded my ass. As I really
got into it he began tightening the strap around my neck, slowly but
surely cutting off my breath. The choking increased both my fear and my
arousal. To my great surprise I found out that I liked being choked! His
pace increased as both he and I approached orgasm and well before I
exploded he cut off my breath completely. I came twisting and thrashing,
my tongue hanging out and my eyes almost popping out of my head as I
screamed soundlessly in the most fantastic orgasm I had ever
experienced. Every muscle in my body was suffused with ecstasy as I felt
Master Rick's semen pump into my ass. I felt great pleasure mixed with
panic fear of death as I began to lose consciousness and my thrashing
turned into desperate, oxygen starved twitching and darkness enveloped
me.

When I came to I was lying with my head in a puddle of my own jism.
Although my ass felt like someone had driven a train into it and the
fear of death was still strong in my mind, I had never felt so good. I
accepted and began to love my slave state. From far above my head I
heard Master Rick's voice: "Well, slave. Do you have something to say to
me?" At that moment I lost the last ounce of free will and submitted
willingly to Master Rick as I replied: "Master, please, Master. Master,
thank you, Master. Master, thank you so much, Master. Master, your
worthless slave gives herself to you, Master. Master, please turn me
into whatever you like, Master." I cried, willingly giving up the last
scrap of decency I had left. The fantastic orgasm this cruel man had
just given me, had defeated the last of my defenses, turning me into a
useless sissy-slave. His laughing voice boomed over my head: "I already
have, you stupid little bimbo. Now lick up your mess and get some sleep.
Tomorrow your new life starts in earnest. Pleasant dreams." With relish
I licked up the semen on the floor, both the puddle I had made and
Master Rick sperm, which had run out of my abused ass and after that I
fell asleep on the cold stone floor with a happy little smile on my face
and my still free cock twitching with satisfaction. The next morning
Master Rick reapplied my chastity tube and I started my life as his maid
and fucktoy.




Chapter 3 

I have been Master Rick's slave for three years now. Soon
after Master Rick had made me his I settled into my daily routine. When
I'm not entertaining either Master Rick or his friends I sleep in the
bottom of a cupboard, beneath a shelf with all my shoes and boots. Above
this shelf hang all my clothes. All my clothes, all my shoes and all the
bondage equipment I wear are white. Master Rick has decreed that white
is my color. My hair, now in a long ponytail, is always bleached white.
I wear high-heeled shoes 24/7, the stilettos never less than 6 inches
high and usually 7 inches or even higher. I am unable to stand
flatfooted anymore because I constantly wear high heels.

Every morning I get up two hours before Master Rick to prepare his
breakfast, lay out his clothes and such, just as I have to look good for
my Master. When at home I wear my little maids costume: white 7-inch
stilettos with locking ankle straps, a tiny little apron made of white
rubber, a white leather collar and a huge white rubber butt plug
protruding 8 inches out of my ass. The butt plug serves a dual purpose:
the protrusion makes it impossible for me to sit down, which is how it
should be. A lowly maid should never rest, but always work diligently at
serving her Master. The second purpose the butt plug serves is more
embarrassing. Master Rick loves to pound my ass with his enormous and
beautiful cock. He also loves to fist me with his massive hands and
arms. In fact he loves to shove things up my ass. The result is that my
sphincter no longer works and without the plug in place I would be
powerless to stop the shit from falling out of my ass. It also means
that the plug has to be large enough to stay in place without me
squeezing to keep it in. This in turn means that the plug regularly has
to be changed to a bigger size as my ass loosens gradually. A 10-inch
steel chain connects my shackled ankles and this chain is connected to a
steel band around my waist by another chain. My wrist are likewise
connected by a chain and this is connected both to the steel band around
my waist and to my collar, thus restricting my movements severely. But
I'm not complaining, Master Rick is only right when he insist that I
wear these chains. Once the chains are on only Master Rick can take them
off, since only he has the key. Every morning I put them on right after
I have toweled myself dry. I am allowed only cold showers as Master Rick
rightly tells that I am too worthless to be allowed to use hot water.
For showering and sleeping I wear plastic 7-inch stilettos.

When it is time to wake up Master Rick I anxiously proceed to his
bedroom. Here I cautiously crawl under the covers, careful not to let my
chains touch my Master's skin. I take his member into my mouth and begin
caressing his genitals ever so gently until he wakes up. Master Rick
then releases a flood of morning urine into my mouth and I am very
careful not to spill a single drop. Master Rick insists that not real
gentleman should have to get out of bed to take a piss. I am proud and
honored that he chooses to use me as his toilet and I savor every drop
of acrid urine he allows me to swallow. After drinking his urine I give
him the first blowjob of the day. Usually he grabs my head with both
hands and fucks my toothless face. I of course swallow with relish when
he cums, careful again not to spill a single drop. The few times I have
spilled his precious semen I have been severely punished. Once he has
cum he usually pushes me out of bed and orders me to: "Get to work, you
useless sissy-slut." I scamper into the kitchen and make the final
preparations for his breakfast and then I hurry into the bathroom so
that I am ready to towel him dry when he steps out of the shower. 

While Master Rick enjoys his breakfast, I am also allowed to eat. While
Master Rick eats at the table I kneel in a corner of the kitchen where I
suck my nourishment out of a dildo mounted on the wall. It is a foul
smelling and tasting goo that I am ordered to brew about once a week. It
is made from the scraps of Master Rick's meals during the week with a
special "spice" added. This "spice" ensures that the goo tastes just
like shit mixed with semen. Again I must accept that I am a useless
slave not worth anything better.

My days are spent cleaning and cooking for Master Rick and his friends.
I am of course always available for abuse of one kind or another. On the
days that Master Rick is not in the apartment I finish my chores and
take up position right inside the door to await the arrival of my
beloved Master. When he is at home I prance around him like the airhead
I am, desperately trying to please him and always hoping that he will
use me in some way. I love giving head and when he enters my ass I
whimper with genuine lust.

About once a week Master Rick insists that I go shopping on my own.
There if no longer any chance that I should try to run away, I am
completely devoted to Master Rick and my conditioning is so complete
that I am unable to make decisions on my own. Besides were would I go
and what else would I do? I am a slave now and the only thing I am
capable of is being a toy for others. How could a worthless sissy-slave
like me possibly survive on her own? No, I am dependent on my Master. I
belong to him. When I go shopping I am naturally dressed somewhat
differently than usual. I still wear white stilettos with locking ankle
straps, but the locks are discrete, barely visible, whereas my normal
shoes have small padlocks on the ankle straps. My butt plug is still
huge but it doesn't protrude out of my ass as it normally does. Both the
butt plug and my chastised member behind its sanitary napkin are held in
place by white silk panties, insuring a smooth, feminine crotch. I wear
tight-fitting white skirts, sometimes mini-skirts, but usually skirts
ending just above the knee. The skirts I wear always cling to my body,
almost like second skin. Normally I wear very revealing white silk
shirts showing off my ample cleavage, but sometimes Master Rick makes me
wear tight-fitting halter-tops instead. These make my enormous tits
really stand out. The only reason for the shopping expeditions is to
humiliate me. Master Rick has almost all of his groceries delivered to
the door and the shopping list I am equipped with is minimal. The real
reason for the trips is for me feel humiliated and ashamed of what I am.
I look like a championship class female bodybuilder with one important
exception: my tits. The tits of female bodybuilders usually diminish
because of the hard training, but my tits are huge and remain so thanks
to a steady diet of hormones. And not only do I look like a very sexy
bodybuilder, I dress like a whore. My presence makes people turn their
heads and after they have ogled me, they turn to each other and whisper
about me. Quite often I am propositioned either on the street or in the
supermarket and I have become experienced at politely refusing. I am of
course not allowed to carry any money; so all groceries go on Master
Rick's tab. The owner of the supermarket is one of Master Rick's close
friends and he is allowed to do whatever he likes to me, and so often I
spend a considerable amount of time during these shopping trips on my
knees blowing him.

When I get back I am always humiliated and flustered with excitement and
it is necessary to change my sanitary napkin. I am always horny and
constantly leak pre-cum. After putting the groceries aside I change into
my regular maids uniform, with the exception of the shoes, which are of
course locked on my ankles.

Several times a week Master Rick takes me to parties of one kind or
another. Some are held in private homes, others in S&M-clubs. Usually I
am dressed only in stilettos and perhaps a corset. My hands are always
tied behind my back, usually in a back-prayer, and I am gagged. Master
Rick leads me by a leash, which is secured either to my collar or to my
chastity tube. Although there are usually other slaves present at these
gatherings, I always seem to draw most of the attention. There must be
some special attraction in dominating a muscular sissy-slave; because I
am always the one getting tortured the most. At first I hated being
tortured and humiliated, but Master Rick wanted me to react differently
and so I have been conditioned to perform, as he wants me to. Now I love
being a paintoy and torture turns me on in a big way, just as I love
being humiliated and dominated. There is one form of torture that turns
me on more than any other and that is having my breath cut off. While
being Master Rick's slave I have been allowed to cum only three times,
counting that first time he entered me, and each time it has been with
his beautiful cock up my ass and him strangling me. I have been so
completely conditioned to love this form of torture, that if my breath
is cut off for any reason I become mad with lust as well as panicky fear
for my life. Usually I am tortured in this way for a long time and to
the point where I loose control over my bladder and bowels (I of course
have to lick up my waste afterwards). And although it is forbidden for
slaves to beg, I usually succumb and plead for release after being
tortured like that for a good long while. For this I am naturally
punished even more.

Master Rick enjoys several vacations each year and he always goes alone.
While Master Rick is away one of his friends takes care of me. Master
Rick has a great variety of friends, with a great variety of sadistic
tastes. Master Robert for instance, has a large household, both slaves
and non-slaves. I was placed lowest in the hierarchy and I was
gang-banged for most of the weeks I stayed at his place. Master Robert
also didn't think I was important enough for him to buy even dog-food
for me, so my diet while staying with him consisted exclusively of
semen, urine and faces. I cried with relief when Master Rick came to
collect me. For this I was of course punished. Another of Master Rick's
acquaintances is Mistress Yoko. Mistress Yoko is of Japanese origin and
her special interest is ponies. She took care of me for 4 weeks, during
which I went through rigorous pony training. I was fitted with boots
that had hooves and didn't allow me to put my heel in the ground. My
arms were held in a back-prayer and a corset encircled my waist. My
giant tits were held by straps so that they didn't flop around when I
ran and a strap between my legs held my genitals in place with crushing
force. My mouth was bitted and I was equipped with blinders. Unlike most
of the other ponies, which Mistress Yoko used to drag little sulkies
with, I was used more like a horse with Mistress Yoko riding my back. It
was 4 very demanding weeks. Every day she either trained my, ensuring
that every step was a high step, or she rode me until I collapsed. At
night I slept standing up with a pole going into my ass. Mistress Yoko
rightly pointed out that horses slept standing up, so why should I lie
down? Even though she rode me very hard, I liked being dominated by
Mistress Yoko and I have sometimes since then thought fondly of my time
with her.

But still I love being Master Rick's little fucktoy. Even though every
day is hard and demanding and I get punished for the smallest
infractions and I am constantly horny and have only the smallest of
hopes of sexual release, I look forward to very little touch by Master
Rick no matter how cruel. Every little glance in my direction fills me
with love and lust for Master Rick and I work as hard as I possibly can
at pleasing him.




Chapter 4 

My happy life as Master Rick little fucktoy is over. One
evening a few days ago while I was sitting by Master Rick's feet,
waiting for his command he said to me: "Francine, you useless fuck.
Fetch that DVD lying on the table and put it in the machine. Then come
and kneel in front of me so you can see the screen." I quickly scampered
to obey his command, but was somewhat puzzled as I knelt down. Usually I
am not allowed to watch anything on the TV, not even the porn movies
Master Rick sometimes watches. The film on the DVD turned out to be
about me. On it was footage of all of my training and from a lot of the
torture I had been subjected to, right from the moment Master Rick had
caught me until now. There were even footage of me when I had stayed
with other master's and mistresses. I was strange watching myself first
being turned into a sissy-slave and then being abused by so many. When
the movie ended I turned to Master Rick who spoke again: "I always film
my bitches and this is the movie about you. It is finished." I began to
tremble with fear as he said this. It was no secret that Master Rick had
had other slaves before me, nor was it any surprise that he would one
day want to get rid of me and get a new slave bitch. His friends had
sometimes made remarks about me like: "How long do you think the bitch
is going to last?" and things like that, but I loved Master Rick and I
had begun to hope that he might want to keep me. "I've grown tired of
you bitch," Master Rick told me dispassionately. Crying I tried to beg
him to keep me, but he just slapped me and gagged me. "Stupid slave." he
said. "I never keep a bitch longer than three years. You are lucky that
I have kept your useless butt for so long, so stop crying. Now fetch
that other DVD I have laid out on the table and put it on." Still
sobbing I obeyed and sat down in front of him as the next movie began to
roll. It turned out to be film of all the slaves Master Rick had had.
There were many, many slaves on the film. On several occasions Master
Rick had had more than one slave at time, and once he had had four at
the same time. All his slaves were sissies and all had been former
bodybuilders. Some he kept for a few years, others only for few months
so I suppose I should be honored at being his slave for so long. There
was one slave in particular in the films that caught my attention. It
was a black sissy, who had been a quite large bodybuilder. Master Rick
had, as with all the others, turned her into a super feminine thing
who's only thought was pleasing Master Rick. The name given to her by
Master Rick was Rosie, and just as I was only allowed to wear white, she
was only allowed to wear pink. Of all the slaves Master Rick had had,
she was the one that reminded me most of myself. 

When the movie ended I was still sobbing, desperately sad about leaving
Master Rick, but I was also getting very afraid. What had happened to
all these slaves? Were they sold or what? My fear increased as Master
Rick yanked me to my feet and led me into the dungeon. Here he tied my
hands in a back-prayer and my feet to the legs of a narrow table. He
pushed me down so that I lay across the table facing a large mirror on
the wall. In silent dread I watched him release my chastised member and
lube up my ass. He entered my ass brutally and began pumping at a steady
pace. I immediately fell into the rhythm as I had been conditioned to,
loving every stroke. With one hand he then removed my gag, while he used
the other to stroke my throbbing cock. I loved it moaned with lust.
Finally he produced the leather strap I had feared and tied it around my
throat, using a small iron rod to turn it into a garotte. I suddenly
knew what had happened to the other slaves. I was convinced that Master
Rick was going to kill me. As his pace quickened, he tightened the
garotte around my throat while stroking me closer and closer to a
massive orgasm. All the while I could see myself in the mirror, my face
getting more and more swollen and my tongue and eyes protruding ever
more as he tightened to strap. When I came my eyes looked like they were
about to pop out of my head altogether and my face was almost purple. It
was the best orgasm I had ever had and my pelvis kept thrusting as
darkness closed in around me. I was sure that Master Rick was killing
me.

I was surprised as I came to coughing and fighting for breath. I lay in
a puddle of semen on the floor. Although it felt like someone had tried
to twist off my head, I felt good. Wonderful in fact. The mellow glow of
the fabulous orgasm pervaded every fiber of my body. Master Rick was
kneeling beside me. Smiling he took my chin in his hand and turning my
head so that I looked him straight in the eye he said: "Silly slut. You
thought I was going to kill you, right?" I nodded weakly. "No, you
useless bitch." Master Rick continued, "I've found a buyer for you.
He'll pick you up in the morning. Now clean up the mess and get some
sleep." Without further ado he left me. Before crying myself to sleep on
the cold, stone floor I liked up the cum.

The next day Master Rick came to prepare me for my new owner. Although I
pleaded and cried he completely ignored me. He gave me my enemas, washed
me and looked on as I applied my make-up. Then he fitted me with white
ankle high boots with 7-inch heels, a white leather collar and a white
ball-gag before securing my arms in an arm binder. He showed a huge butt
plug up my ass and attached a leash to my chastity device. He secured
the leash to a doorknob before leaving me to wait for my new owner.
After several hours my new owner turned up. Not the bodybuilding type he
looked more like a well-mannered gentleman. Master Rick and my new owner
talked for a while and then he subjected me to a thorough examination
before completing the deal. Money changed hands and a white rubber hood
was pulled over my head before I was left off to my new life. Nobody
cared that I sobbed helplessly as I was being led away.




Epilogue 

It has now been more than ten years since Master Rick sold me,
and I have been sold twice since that first time. The man Master Rick
sold me to was Master Gerald. He transformed me more or less into what I
am now. Instead of bodybuilding Master Gerald had me doing aerobics
while my bulging muscles disappeared. After a year I looked just like
any other big chested bimbo, my platinum blonde hair reinforcing my
image as an airhead. Master Gerald also used me as a maid and fucktoy,
but a little differently from Master Rick. Master Gerald also kept me
chastised and in the four years he owned me he only allowed me to cum
once and that was right before he sold me. After about a year of
training me to do things, as he wanted them done, my muscles had
disappeared and I looked like a super sexy bimbo. He also equipped me
with rubber dentures so that it looked like I had real teeth. Master
Gerald then began showing me off to his friend and acquaintances. He
would dress me in a sexy cocktail dress and take out to dinner in fancy
restaurants, all the time behaving like the perfect gentleman; bringing
me flowers, taking my coat, holding the door for me and holding my chair
when I sat down. He would pour the wine and make me feel special. This
would last until we left the restaurant. I would be floating on a fluffy
cloud; intoxicated at the attention and gentleness, but the instant we
were out of sight of the restaurant he would start to abuse me. First
verbally and then physically, and the evenings always ended with a
lengthy torture and gangbanging session. Still I loved these evenings. I
expected and had long since been conditioned to love the fucking and the
torture and I thought it was a small price to pay for being treated like
a lady for few hours. It is fair to say that I loved Master Gerald
almost as much as I had loved Master Rick. 

But eventually Master Gerald too tired of me and sold me. He sold me to
an evil woman: Mistress Tonya. Mistress Tonya hated men and I
represented to her the lowest of all male specimens. The good life as a
maid and fucktoy were over. Mistress Tonya used me for abuse only and I
was constantly covered in welts and bruises. She of course delighted in
teasing my cock and denying me sexual release, not once letting me cum,
not even before she sold me. For several weeks at a time she kept me as
her dog, tying my hands to my shoulders and my feet to my thighs and
making me walk around on knees and elbows. Mistress Tonya quickly tired
of me and after less than two years sold to my current Master.

My current Master is Master Antwan. Master Antwan is a pimp and I am
just one of his many whores. He is a big, fat, black guy who runs the
biggest whoring operation in the city. Not all his whores are his
property like me and he has no special interest in me other than the
income I provide him with. In fact I have only been allowed to blow him
once and he hasn't even fucked my ass. At first I was special: A
sissy-slave who could be subjected to harsh torture. I was kept in an
exclusive whorehouse and my clients were people who paid top-dollar to
torture and fuck me. But after a couple of years all the abuse began to
show itself and my looks deteriorated. My body is now covered in scars
and my face, although still feminine and sexy, is looking worn. The
customers began to get fewer and fewer and finally Master Antwan had had
enough and put me out on the street. Now I work the street corners, a
common whore. And yet I am still special in a way. For I am still a
slave and because of all my conditioning there is one thing I cannot do:
I cannot refuse any sexual request, not matter how painful of
humiliating. That combined with the reaction I get when my customers see
my chastity device, ensure that I get the wildest and most sadistic of
them all. Several times I have almost been killed, being saved only by
Master Antwan's enforcers who always lurk nearby to make sure that
Master Antwan's property doesn't run away or get damaged. Lately my
customers are getting few and far between and Master Antwan's enforcers
beat me when I return to the tiny apartment I share with three other
slave-whores to deliver my earnings for the night. The others are
looking at me nervously and I think that the time may soon come when
Master Antwan no longer thinks I am worth the trouble or expense. When
that time comes I think it may very well be the end of the line for me.
I just hope that I will be allowed to cum one last time...


2NN




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





