BDSM Library - Damascus




Damascus
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Belinda is sold into slavery to pay off her father's gambling debt.
                            DAMASCUS
                               BY
                          LOVELYANDSAD




     My father and I didn't say much as he drove me in his
rusting Chevy to Chinatown.  Cliches, maybe, commenting on the
weather.  He was sober, though, stone, cold sober, and I gave him
a lot of credit for that.  It would have been so much easier for
him to do this drunk and senseless.

     Traffic wasn't too bad, and we were lucky enough to find a
metered space.  The day was incongruously sunny and warm for
March, and the pedestrians turned their faces up a little to feel
the warmth of the sun.  I felt as though I was at the Aquarium,
looking in on fish who lived in what might as well be an entirely
different universe.  I marvelled that people were going about
their business as if it were an ordinary day.  My classmates
would be in third period right now, taking the Othello exam.  No
one would miss me much; the fish would swim on without me.

     Damascus has a drab, grey exterior.  The main door leads
into a long corridor where the men can wait for admission without
disturbing the neighbors.  Damascus has many rules, and
politeness to outsiders is primary among them.  The bosses know
that the only thing that can take their power away is a people's
uprising.  It's not likely, no matter how they behave, but they
figure why take chances.  Chinatown has been complaining about
vice for as long as vice has been zoned on Chinatown's doorstep,
and that's been a very, very long time.

     It was not even midmorning and Damascus was mostly asleep.
Not that I knew that then, or had thought about the hours a
whorehouse would keep.  Not that thinking would have enlightened
me.  I was sixteen, a virgin, and an innocent.  Of course I
considered myself sophisticated because I knew my father was a
drunk and I was at home with the fact that my brothers slapped me
around once in a while.

     Luke was working.  Luke was always working.  My father
buzzed the intercom and the receptionist--it must have been Ivan-
-asked the necessary questions.  Then we stood and waited for
what seemed like a long time.  I tired to ignore the passersby,
but a few, and not only men, glanced at us curiously as we stood
in the doorway.

     Luke could have buzzed us in, of course--but he was playing
the humiliation game.  Not for me, or rather for me only as an
aside--it was really my father he was trying to torment that
morning.  My torment would begin in earnest that night, and a
prelude had little power to greater or lessen it.

     "I am like Beauty and the Beast," I told myself.  This was
my favorite fairy tale, because, as I had earnestly told my
friends, it's the only one in which the prince and the princess
actually know each other before they fall in love.  In the tale,
Beauty's father picked a rose form the beast's garden.  The Beast
agreed to spare his life for this crime only if he would bring
his daughter Beauty to serve him.  That was my story exactly.  My
father, in addition to being a drunk, was a gambler.  How he got
the mob to allow him to run up such a grand debt I don't know--
except that his friend from school days ran the numbers racket in
Secondham, where we lived, and maybe thought he was doing him a
favor.  Joey disappeared though--moved on or knocked out my
father never learned.  I never liked him.  Joey left his books
behind, and it came time for my father to pay his debt or set an
example.  Clearly he couldn't pay.  All his possessions, the
equity on our house, the big screen t.v. he barely owned despite
his attempts to pay each month--they equalled not even a fraction
of the debt.  In fact, some time later I saw the books and he had
gambled away our house three times.  But he did have one
possession--a thing that would earn back, with interest,
everything he owed.  That thing was me.

     I want to be quite clear that I came willingly.  Not, as the
mob would have you believe, because I was secretly intrigued by
the bizarre and cruel sexual rituals that I could not begin to
understand or even imagine.  No, because before my mother died I
swore to her that I would take care of my father and my brothers.
If in sacrificing myself my father would live to an old age and
my brothers would go to college, to me that seemed a fair trade.

     The door opened slowly, ponderously.  It was bright where my
father and I stood on the doorstep to Damascus, and dark inside,
so my first impression of Luke was of a tall, thin shadow.
"You're Kravitz?" he said to my father, and in those two words
conveyed a sneering disdain.

     My father nodded and overeagerly took a step forward,
towards Luke.  "Aye," he said, "and this is my daughter Belinda."
My father pulled me by the arm into the doorway, roughly,
nervously.  As my eyes adjusted to the dim hallway, I saw that
Luke was a tall man, spare and handsome.  Not the sort of man you
would see in Secondham.  Rather, with his tailored suit, broad
shoulders,and sculpted body, the sort that you would imagine in
the financial district a few years into a lucrative career, or an
actor playing a rancher.  Perhaps I did not register the color of
his eyes (green) or hair (dark brown and wavy, cut short), or the
birdlike crook of his nose before he said to me, "Eyes down" with
a voice of such authority that contradiction was unthinkable.
Immediately I looked down at his perfectly polished brown dress
shoes.

     Luke's feet moved into the corridor, and my father pulled me
after him as Luke closed the door with a thud and then a click.
For a moment I was terrified, glued to the spot, and if the door
had been less heavy I might have turned and run.  The thud,
though, echoed in my ears and I knew that escape was unthinkable
and impossible.

     Luke's feet walked down the corridor and my father pulled me
after him, his hands biting into my arm.  He was pulling me along
but I was holding him up.

     Halfway down the long corridor was door on the right which
led into a smallish office with glass windows that looked into
the corridor.  Luke's feet stopped here and led us into the
office.  There was an old metal desk with a chair behind it and
two in front.  Luke gestured for us to sit.  My father pushed me
into the nearest chair and himself stumbled into the far one.  My
eyes were still down, but I could see that on the desk there was
a document. Luke said, as if he mocked me, "Look at me now."
Slowly I looked him in the face.  His eyes were a glittering
green and they drew me in.  His face was a model's--chiselled
cheekbones, mouth perfectly proportioned and its softness a
contrast to the angles of his nose.  I felt young and as if he
were the first adult I had ever seen.

     Luke held me eyes for a moment, and another, and another,
and another.  What he was thinking I could not guess.  He was
trying to read me, too, I think.  I felt both comforted and more
afraid.

     My father shifted nervously in his chair and cleared his
throat.  Luke turned towards him unhurriedly, scornfully.  He
tapped the lone document on his desk.  "Well, Mr. Kravitz," he
said, the formality a subtle insult that was no doubt lost on my
father.  "I know you've seen this document before."

     "Aye," my father said heavily.  "I've seen it."

     "Has he shown it to you?" he asked me, and he almost said my
name, Belinda, but did not.

     I shook my head and tried to sound calm.  "No," I said, and
added, "sir.  But I know what's in it.  He explained it to me."

     Luke said, "There can be no misunderstanding about this.
This is a legal document. You're too young to enter a binding
contract for yourself under the law, but morally if you sign this
there is no way out.  Do you understand that?"

     I nodded and met his eyes.  "Yes, sir," I said.

     Luke smiled as if to himself.  "I asked the wrong question.
What I really want to know is," and here he leaned back in his
chair and squinted a little, "Do you believe that?"

     "Sir?" I asked.

     "Do you believe," Luke said, "That you're old enough to be
held accountable for your own choices?"

     "Yes, sir," I said.

     "Do you believe that if you sign a contract, that contract
will rightfully bind you years from now, when you're twice the
age you are today, no matter how you come to regret it?"

     "Yes, sir," I said, but slower this time.

     Luke gave me his look again, as if trying to pierce my soul.
He said to me, softly, "Do you know how to read, Belinda?"

     "Yes, sir," I said softly, wondering what kind of sixteen
year old girl he knew who didn't.

     My father broke in, babbling.  "She's a right smart girl,
she is.  Straight A's, honors classes, top of her class.  Read?
Why she's been reading since she could walk."  He stopped,
abashed.

     Luke let my father finish but did not deign to reply.
Instead, he slipped the contract over to me so I could read it.

                        BINDING CONTRACT

     WHEREAS Milton Kravitz owes the Consortium One Million Two
     Hundred Forty Eight Thousand Seven Hundred Twenty One
     Dollars and 18 cents, counting interest accrued until
     March 18, 2001;

     IN PAYMENT OF THIS DEBT Belinda Kravitz hereby agrees to
     work for the Consortium until such debt is paid by her
     labor, minus expenses.  Belinda Kravitz explicitly
     understands that such work will include sexual
     performance and other work of any nature required by
     the Consortium.  Belinda Kravitz understands that she
     will be in the employ of the Consortium 24 hours a day,
     7 days a week until such debt is paid.  She understands
     that disobedience to any orders or requests of the
     Consortium, poor attitude, suicide, failure to keep
     herself healthy, or running away will end in
     termination of this contract and that any moneys still
     owed will be the responsibility of Milton Kravitz.

     IT IS EXPRESSLY AGREED that Belinda Kravitz may end her
     employment with the Consortium at any time and Milton
     Kravitz will be responsible for any money still owing.
     If Belinda Kravitz should die of natural causes or
     because of any act or omission by the Consortium or its
     clients, Milton Kravitz' debt will be considered paid
     in full.

     BELINDA KRAVITZ may request an accounting of amounts owing
     and expenses incurred by her at any time when not in
     violation of her other duties, and the Consortium shall
     provide such accounting within seven days.

     THE CONSORTIUM may assign its rights under this contract
     without the consent of Belinda Kravitz.   Belinda
     Kravitz may assign her obligations under this contract
     only with the consent of the Consortium.

     There were three signature lines, one for me, one for my
father, and one for Luke Hannigan, Consortium.

     As I finished reading the contract I felt my nose stinging
as I tried not to cry.  Luke was watching me, expressionless.

     "Do you understand the contract?" he asked me.

     "Yes, sir," I said, and my voice shook but not badly.

     "Before you sign this," Luke said after a pause, "I need to
ask you some questions.  I warn you to tell the truth.   If you
lie we'll know it soon enough, and the contract will be void and
you, as well as your father, will be punished for lying to the
consortium.  Do you understand that?"

     "Yes, sir," I said, as steadily as I could.

     "Are you a virgin, Belinda?"

     I felt my face turn a hot, bright red.  "Yes, sir," I said,
and my voice was high and squeaky.

     "Some people think that if they've been molested it doesn't
count."  Luke paused for a moment.  "Has anyone ever molested
you, Belinda?"

     I couldn't answer.  I pictured my two bothers on top of me,
their hands over my chest, pretending to be lifeguards.  "In with
the good air, out with the bad air, in with the good air, out
with the bad air..."  I shook my head to be rid of the vision.
"I have never had sex," I said, shakily, hoping that would
appease Luke.  He watched me with a cocked head and then asked in
a voice soft and neutral,

     "Was it your father?"

     My father, sitting beside me, grasped the arms of his chair
tightly, breathing hard.  "No, sir," I said quickly.  "Not my
father."

     Luke leaned towards me over the desk.  "I want you to
understand something," he said.  "If your father is forcing you
here, we can protect you from him.  No contract, no charge.
He'll never threaten you again.  We'll protect you and we won't
charge you for it.  If you're not here of your own free will, you
can tell me with no consequences.  Do you understand that?"  His
voice was kind and gentle, and it was this that finally made me
cry, great sobs, tears streaming down my face, snot welling in my
nose.  I couldn't speak.  Luke handed me a handkerchief, an old
fashioned kind like from a novel.  I blew my nose and wiped my
eyes.

     At last I spoke.  "Please don't kill my father," I said, and
my voice sounded weak and strange to me.  Luke gave a half shake
of his head, as if to himself.

     "You say you're a virgin, Belinda," he said, "and we'll soon
verify it.  Tell me, are you a virgin in both holes?"

     "Sir?" I said, uncomprehending.

     Luke gave a half smile, sardonic, twisted.  He enunciated
slowly, as if I were a child.  "Has anyone ever fucked  you up
the ass?"

     Beside me my father moaned, but said no words.  I shook my
head, horror-struck, almost frozen.  "No, sir," I said at last.

     "Good," Luke said equanimically.  "Now, tell me this.
Belinda, do you know what an orgasm is?"

     "Yes, sir," I whispered.

     "Have you ever had one?" He watched me intently as my father
moaned beside me.

     "No, sir," I said.

     "Why not?"  And now Luke's voice sounded cruel; cruel and
mocking.  "Surely you've touched yourself?"

     "Yes, sir," I said miserably.

     "But not come?"

     "No, sir.  I..."  I faltered for words.  "I guess I just
don't know...how."  I sounded silly even to myself.

     Luke regarded me dispassionately, but with what I would come
to recognize in a long while as a subtle glint of amusement.  He
turned then to my father, pushing the contract over to him.  "All
right, old man, sign away," he said.  My father pretended to
search his pockets for a pen, as if he would ever find one there.
Luke watched him several moments too long before, at length,
reaching into his own breast pocket he removed a gold Cross pen.
He handed it to my father slowly, as if reluctant to have his
grubby hands touch it.

     My father took the pen and stared at the contract for a
moment.  He murmured, "God help me," and signed.  He lay the gold
pen on the contract and slid them across the desk to Luke.

     Luke turned the contract around and looked at my father's
signature gravely, as if questioning its authenticity.  Then he
picked up the contract--later, it would come back to me how long
and delicate an finely shaped his fingers were, like a piano
player's, and that his nails were perfectly trimmed as if they
had been manicured--and handed it to me.  When I took it he
handed me the gold pen, but held onto it for a moment as I
grasped it.  "Last chance to save your life," he said.  I shook
my head and he let go of the pen.  Quickly, before I could change
my mind, I signed the contract and handed it back to Luke.  Luke
did not look at my signature.

     "All right, then," he said.  "Take off your clothes."

      "Hold on now," my father protested, trying to sound fierce.
"You ain't signed that piece of paper.  She ain't yours until you
sign."

     Luke eyed my father as if he were a fly on a windowsill.
Slowly, lazily, he drawled, "I'll sign when I see that she's not
damaged goods."  He turned to me.  "Take off your clothes."

     I stood up awkwardly, not sure where to begin.  It had never
occurred to me that I would be made to strip in front of my
father, whose eyes were glued on the floor.  I though perhaps
Luke would assist me, or, if I stood long enough, force me, but
he waited patiently, expressionless.

     I was not a stylish dresser.  I had neither money nor sense
of fashion, and at school I always felt dowdy and awkward, even
more than the other sixteen year olds.  I hadn't known what to
wear today, except that I could not bring a change of clothes, so
I had opted for comfortable and practical: fairly new black
jeans, hand me down wool sweater that had once been warm but was
worn thin enough to be okay for spring, newish non-name brand
sneakers.

     The sweater was a pullover, and as I took it off for a
blessed moment my face was hidden.  My shirt underneath, a button-
down, was wrinkled and damp with my sweat.  Slowly I unbuttoned
it, the cuffs first, then from the neck down.  I pulled it off,
and not wanting to admit my embarrassment or shame did not pull
away from Luke.  His eyes were on my breasts, smallish under my
beige, almost formless bra.  To buy time I folded my shirt and
carefully lay it on top of my sweater.  I sat back down on the
chair and untied and removed my shoes, and then my socks, placing
them both on the table next to my sweater and shirt.

     As my hands went to the fly of my jeans, trembling, for a
moment I thought of pretending this was a strip tease, like I
used to do at sleepovers not so many years earlier.  Not in front
of  my father; I couldn't do it.  Slowly I unzipped my fly an
pulled my jeans down, awkwardly lifting one leg and then the
next.  I folded the jeans and put them on the desk with my other
clothes.

     I stood facing Luke in my bra and underwear, both dingy,
cotton things.  My bra had once been beige; my underwear had once
been white.  Now both were somewhere in between, with elastic
fraying at the edges.  As the girl, I was responsible for laundry
in my house.

     Luke's face was expressionless, but my father was crying.
As I reached behind my back to unsnap my bra, my father said
hoarsely, "Stop."  For a moment my heart filled with hope,
thinking my father had changed his mind or come up with another
solution--a friend who he had not tapped out, anything.  Instead
he said, "I don't need to be here for this.  You got my
signature.  You got my daughter."  He stood up heavily.

     Luke said impassively, "You'll stay until I tell you to
leave.  And from now on you'll look at her.  Sit down."  There
was something about him that made you think he was holding a gun
to your head, and would pull the trigger as easily as scratch his
arm.

     My father's mouth opened, then closed, once, twice, three
times.  The third time he snapped it shut and sat down heavily.
"God help me," he said, and shielded his eyes with his hands.

     "I said you will look at her," Luke said.  My father dropped
his hand and looked at me, in my dingy underwear.

     "Proceed," Luke said to me.  I reached behind and unhooked
my bra, its straps scratching me a little as I pulled them off my
arms.  I tried to pretend I was in the girl's lockerroom at
school, but could not.  No man had ever seen my breasts before,
not even my brothers.

     I reached down for my underwear. For a moment I felt panic,
pure terror, sweeping through me.  All at once I peeled off my
underwear and flung it onto the desk on top of my clothes.

     "Thank you," Luke said.  He watched me impassively as I
caught my breath. "Stand right here," he said, and he beckoned me
over to the side of the desk that faced the door.  "Stand towards
the desk and bend over." I gasped with the shame of it.  Slowly I
bent from the waist.  The tips of my breasts touched the cold
metal desk first.  I gave a start, then laid the rest of my torso
down, my face turned towards Luke as I could not bear to face my
father.  I didn't know what to do with my arms, so I lay them
alongside my body, my hands awkwardly facing up.

     Luke wheeled his chair back away from me and stood up.  He
walked towards the door, out of my line of vision.  From behind
me I heard him command, "Spread your legs."  Awkwardly I walked
my feet out so that they were slightly wider than my waist.

     For a moment there was silence.  I felt the cold of the desk
penetrate my whole body, starting with my cheek and going all the
way down.

     Suddenly Luke's hand was between my legs.  I gasped.
Involuntarily I scooted my legs together, Luke's hand squished
between my thighs.

     Luke's voice was both fire and ice.  "This is the last time
you will disobey me without being severely punished," he said.
"Open your legs immediately and keep them open."  I struggled to
obey, widening my legs wider than they had been before.  I was
crying and could feel snot dripping from my nose down my cheek.

     Luke turned the palm of his hand towards my crotch, so that
the heel of his hand was a the top of my crack and his fingers
curled around the lips of my vagina, his middle finger resting on
my clitoris.  I burned with shame and struggled not to move.
Then, with his index and middle finger he began to play with the
inside lips surrounding my clitoris, one finger on each side.
Without meaning to I straightened my legs, but did not dislodge
his fingers.

     Slowly Luke lifted his hand and drew a line with his index
finger from my clitoris down through my slit to my vagina.  He
pushed his finger into my hole.  I felt dry down there, and
stretched.  I was crying in earnest now, tears and snot and drool
forming their separate puddles on the desk.  Luke paid no heed,
prodding and poking me.  His finger was all the way in my cunt,
and I could feel him testing the walls of my vagina.

     "Do you wear tampons?" he asked.

     "Yes, sir," I said, my voice gravelly with tears.

     "What size?" Luke demanded.

     "Medium," I whispered.  "Sir."

     Luke continued to prod.  "No harm done, I suppose," he said.
He pulled his finger out slowly and its dryness scraped against
me painfully.

     Luke rested the tip of his middle finger against my asshole.
Slowly he started to push, a hangnail catching me painfully.  I
moaned, and bit my cheeks to stop myself from moaning again, but
the sound came out my nose instead.  This was much worse than
before.  Luke only put his finger in to the first knuckle or so.
My asshole grabbed it and puckered around it, clenching it in
place.  Luke rotated his finger.  I could stand it no longer.
"Please," I begged.  "Stop."  My voice was a low, ragged whisper.
In reply Luke pushed his finger all the way in, to the hilt.
Burning  pain seared me.  I whimpered but did not beg again.

     Luke pulled my ass cheeks apart until I though he would tear
the skin at the bottom of my spine.  He removed his finger,
prodding the walls of my asshole as he did so.

     I think it had been over for some minutes before I even
realized it.  I could only hear my breath in great, raspy gasps
as I fought hysteria, frantically searching  my mind for some
memory of normalcy, of a life that was not what mine had suddenly
become.  At first I could think of nothing but my terror and
shame.  Then, in the corner of my memory, I found a vision of a
fallen tree on the outskirts of some wooded lots near my house.
When I was a little girl I used to walk that log from one end to
the other, memorizing the spot where its weight would shift.  No
one ever knew that I went there, or that for a time I considered
that log to be my best friend.  Remembering it let me catch my
breath, feel the coldness of the metal desk against my face and
body, my knees beginning to ache from their unaccustomed
position.

     At that moment Luke told me to stand up.  I obeyed so
hastily that I felt dizzy and had to put my head down again for a
moment.  Again, that twitching of one corner of Luke's lips,
indicating his amusement.

     Luke picked up his gold cross pen and set it to the
contract.  But before he signed he hesitated for a moment,
looking at me with the exact doubt that I had so hoped to see in
my father's eyes.  Then, in a rush, he signed his name.  "Very
well," he said to the room in general.  Then, to my father,
"You'll get a copy in the mail.  Your daughter will have access
to her copy whenever she requests it.  I, of course, will keep
the original."

     My father jumped to his feet an stuck out his hand to Luke.
Luke merely looked at it disdainfully, and I noticed it was
trembling.   "A signed contract is better than a handshake
between us, Mr. Kravitz," Luke said, and turned to me.

     "On your hands and knees," he ordered.  I fell to the floor
immediately, the stray dirt biting into my knees and palms.

     Luke opened the door to the office. "Crawl," he commanded
me, and I crawled through the door, my wrists and knees
immediately beginning to ache.

     To my father Luke said, "You will watch your daughter crawl
to the end of the corridor.  You will not avert your eyes.  When
we reach the door, you will turn and go."

     I heard my father sob, "Let me say goodbye to her," but Luke
had already ordered me to crawl forward, toward Damascus.




     CHAPTER 2

     The delivery corridor down which I was crawling led to the
back of the Grand Ballroom, a huge cavernous room that in its
midmorning emptiness resembled a gymnasium dressed up for a
carnival.  Although Luke told me I could stand when the door shut
behind us, I had only the fleetest impression of equipment,
podiums, low room dividers, Japanese screens, ropes hanging from
the walls in haphazard locations.  There was no straight corridor
through the mess and jumble.  Rather, we twisted and turned to
zigzag our way to the main entrance.  Here and there workmen were
puttering around.  It reminded me of the floor of an auto show my
father had taken my brother and me to once, at a big convention
center downtown.

     As we neared what I later learned was the front, customer
entrance to the ballroom, a man came in carrying a large box.
Luke stopped him with a gesture, and the man put the box on the
floor, opening it for Luke.  At first I thought it was a box full
of snakes, but in fact it was full of whips, made of dark,
twisted leather.

     Luke picked one up with a nod toward the workman and snapped
it, making me jump.  "These are fine quality," the deliveryman
said to him, a trifle obsequiously.

     "Hmm," Luke grunted.  "All snap and no strength, these."

     "Oh, no, Mr. Hannigan," the delivery man protested.  "Let me
demonstrate for you."   He picked up a whip and turned
meaningfully towards me.  I involuntarily stepped back, behind
Luke, as if he would protect me.

     In fact, Luke raised his hand menacingly towards the
delivery man.  "Try it on her and you'll regret it," he said.
"This one is undamaged goods."

     The man immediately dropped the whip, and it fell to the
floor with a dull thud.  "Sorry, I really am," he babbled.  "I
didn't know."

     Luke gave him his quarter smile.  "No harm done," he said.
"These whips are fine for our floor models.  Excite the men, keep
the girls fresh.  That's why I ordered them."  He picked up the
whip from the floor, caressed it for a moment, tossed it back in
the box, and strode out the door.  I had to trot to catch up,
humiliated at the look the delivery man gave me, and where.

     The foyer was like the concierge area of a hotel, with a
long desk with room for at least five clerks behind it.  There
were cubbies for keys.  Luke gave a nod to the lone man behind
the desk, in his early twenties and with a hawk nose.  He led me
behind the desk and into an office there. Although it had no
windows--there were none in the entire complex, although several
skylights--the office was light and airy, and very masculine.  I
immediately knew it was Luke's office and Luke's alone.

     To the right as we entered was his desk, big and ponderous,
with stacks of papers in neat piles and a computer with a
shooting star screensaver.  The desk had a model sandbox on it,
about a foot square, with real sand, and miniature shovels,
pails, and rakes.  Someone had raked the sand into neat rows.
The wall behind the desk was all bookshelf, although only about
half the shelves had books on them.  My eyes stung from crying so
much that I could not see the titles of the books.

     To my left was a living room-like area, with a sofa and two
arm chairs, both, I noticed, covered with cloth, not leather.

     It was the walls that surprised me the most.  I had somehow
expected whips, or at least swords, to be ceremoniously hung
there.  But instead, the walls were hung with lovely photographs-
-a beam of light through a single leaf; a rock on a mountain
that, with its crags and bushes, looked so like a human head it
could have been carved;  a hugh wave lusciously about to break.

     Luke watched me take in the room with his quarter smile and
then gestured to one of the cloth-covered armchairs.  I sat
awkwardly, jumping when my hand brushed my own naked thigh.  I
did not know what to do with my arms.

     "Relax," he said in a voice that was soft and kind.  My eyes
filled with tears again, and stung with a sharp throbbing.  I
rubbed them with both hands.  While I did this, Luke had sat on
the footstool of my armchair.  With a gentleness utterly belied
by everything he had said and done to me until now, he took my
hands from my face and held them in his until I looked at him,
still crying.

     "You don't have to do this," he said.  "Everything I said
before still goes.  We'll protect you and you won't have to pay
us back, ever."

     At first I could not figure out what he was talking about.
But then I remembered, he had made the same offer earlier, before
I signed the contract.  "And my father?" I said hoarsely.

     Luke's voice was deep and strong.  "Your father doesn't
deserve you.  He doesn't deserve this. He's not worth it."

     I didn't say anything.  I knew that, for me, there was no
choice.

     Luke was still holding my hands.  He watched me for a
minute.  "You know what I'm saying is true, don't you?" he asked.

     I nodded.

     "But you'll give up everything for him?"

     Suddenly it was important to me to explain things to him.  I
tried to keep my voice low and even.  "When my mother died, I
promised her I would take care of him, and my brothers," I said.

     Luke looked at me appraisingly.  "She didn't mean this," he
said.

     I had no reply.  My mind was made up.

     Luke said, "You can change your mind now, but by tomorrow it
will be too late to ever go back."

     "It was too late when I signed the contract,"  I said.

     I swear to god that Luke rolled his eyes at that, a gesture
I already knew was completely uncharacteristic for him.  "You can
always break the contract," he said, "and we'll go after your
father. But if you stay, tonight you'll be broken in, and nothing
will ever undo that."

     "Then let's get it over with," I said.

     Luke gave a double take when I said this, and then a snort
of laughter.  And then he looked sad.  "I hope you keep your
spunk," he said softly, more to himself than to me.  Nobody had
ever accused me of having anything remotely related to spunk
before.

     "Did you eat today?" Luke asked, with his soul piercing look
again.  I nodded.  I had had the same breaksfast bar I ate every
morning, usually the only thing I would eat until dinner.  Lunch
in the school cafeteria meant people knew if you had no friends.
I preferred to hide in the library.  I was so used to being
hungry all day it felt like being full.

     Luke said, in the soft gentle voice that belied his words,
"When you are spoken to you will answer out loud.  You will
address me as 'sir' or 'master'."

     When he said this I felt a "ping" in my clitoris, the same
tingling feeling I had first known when I was a little girl
watching some teenage boys force a girl their age to sit in a mud
puddle while she struggled.  After that, I sometimes felt it when
I watched a cruel scene on tv, like a lynching in a western. But
I had never connected the feeling with my own life.  "Yes,
Master," I said, and Luke raised one eyebrow slightly as if he
had noticed the breathiness in my voice.

     TO BE CONTINUED




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  lovelyandsad


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





