BDSM Library - The Swimmer




The Swimmer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young teenager takes a swim in the neighbours pool, but she is not alone...
The Swimmer



The cool night air ran across the blue waters of the pool, sending ripples
across its calm surface. The trees surrounding the outer fence cast eerie
shadows into its depths, their leaves stirring slightly in the breeze.

A lone figure stealthily opened the gate and slid through, her obviously female
form casting the barest of shadows in the twilight. The pool water lit up as she
turned on the lights, the shadows disappearing under their soft illumination.

The girl stood beside the pool, the reflected light illuminating her shapely
figure. After a moment's hesitation she undid the ties holding the flimsy fabric
to her body, letting them fall freely to land in the water below.

She watched the ripples of her clothing spread across the water, revelling in
the experience of being naked outside. She tilted her head, a frown briefly
crossing her pristine features as something seemed to move against the blue
bottom of the pool, but quickly dismissed it as a trick of the ripples.

She giggled softly, and then with one lithe movement launched herself out into
the pool, her hair streaming behind her head as she tucked her feet up and
landed with a loud splash against the surface.

Kicking her feet out, she propelled herself to the bottom of the pool, where she
held herself with little motions of her limbs as above her, the disturbed water
calmed down.

She surfaced with a quiet splash and breathed deeply, her eyes wide as she
searched for any sign of discovery. But alas, no lights came on, and there were
no outraged cries from the house nearby. She laughed nervously, imagining what
would occur if she was found skinny-dipping in the neighbours pool; perhaps that
hot boy who lives there would come out in his boxer shorts, and he would stammer
and try to hide his erection as she hunted for her bikini.

Treading water, she glanced around in search of the skimpy outfit. She spotted
the bottom floating near the edge of the pool, and she smiled at seeing the pink
love-heart that was minutes ago centred over her sex.

But the other half was no where to be seen. It's probably sunk, she thought with
nervous excitement. Perhaps she wouldn't be able to find it, and the neighbours
would fish her bikini top out of the filter the next day.

Movement at the bottom of the pool caught her attention again. Maybe that's
where her top had gotten to. She glanced around again, and then flipped over in
the water and dived down, her rear momentarily sticking out in the air before
the water closed over her.

Her eyes open, she kicked and pulled at the water, making her way down to the
bottom of the deep end.

Her fingers scraped the bottom, and she had the strange sensation of the floor
moving against her. She was at the end of her kick though, and when she touched
again, the surface felt normal.

Through the shifting water, she spotted her bikini top floating at the lowest
point. The urge to breathe rising in her chest, she reached out and took hold of
the white fabric. It felt slimy, and she felt a twinge of annoyance that she
would have to wash the pool scum off it now.

Spinning in the water, she kicked off the bottom and looked up towards the sky,
expecting to see the darkness of the sky above. Instead all she could see was
featureless pale blue, illuminated from below by the pool lights.

More confused than fearful, she reached up towards the strange covering, the
growing pressure in her chest pushed aside for now. She felt the water shift as
she did, and the blue slid away like someone had dragged a cloth through the
water.

Ignoring the now visible sky, she spun to watch as the blue sheet rippled past
and began diving, curling its way underneath her. She was reminded of the
graceful beauty of a ray, but the image was shattered as it rolled lazily in the
water and exposed a black underside of tentacles and a single, slightly open
mouth.

The girl kicked hard against the water, straining to get to the surface as the
ray creature began to rise up in front of her, its hundreds of short tentacles
waving. Her head broke the surface a second later with a splash, and she gasped
for breath before looking down.

Staring down into the water below, she watched with an almost detached
fascination as the blackness rose in front of her. Only when its front broke the
surface and began curling over her did she scream, to be cut off abruptly as she
was pulled underwater, its tentacles wrapping themselves around her limbs.

There was a gentle splash as they both disappeared, followed moments later by a
flurry of bubbles breaking the surface as the girl screamed her terror into the
water.

Its muscular edges rippling with motion, the ray dragged her deeper underwater,
a trail of bubbles sliding out from underneath its mass as the girl struggled.

Reaching the bottom, the ray creature took a moment to close in around her,
ignoring her oxygen-starved state. The girl was growing dizzy; finding it harder
and harder to resist the urge to breathe in that she knew would spell certain
death for her.

Through the slime-filled water she saw its mouth opening as the tentacles
gripping her hair and neck pulled her closer. She gave only token resistance as
it swallowed her head, closing down around her neck. The darkness inside was
absolute, and in her fear the girl's mouth opened reflexively, her lungs drawing
deeply.

She had no time to inhale any water as a fat tentacle pushed its way past her
teeth, the suction of her frantic attempts to breathe making it easy for the ray
to push its way down into her lungs.

Precious air flooded her chest as the ray creature took over her breathing,
ignoring the spasms of her diaphragm as her body attempted to hyperventilate.
Her muscles were no match for the ray as it began regularly inflating and
deflating her lungs.

It gave her no time to adjust to the new breathing pattern though. Its "mouth"
began tightening around her skull, forcing the water out until its slippery skin
was snug against her features. Rippling to get the last of the water out, it
began pressing into her ears and nose as it filled every cavity of her head. The
tentacle in her throat expanded to fill her mouth, as further down it split in
two and began growing its way down towards her stomach.

Outside the fleshy hood engulfing her head, the ray was wrapping around her
body, pressing her limbs together as its tentacles rubbed against her naked
skin. It slid between her and the bottom of the pool, forming a cocoon around
her conquered form.

The girl gave up straining against the ray, its horribly invasive control of her
breathing forcing her to be calm and relaxed or feel dizzy. That the ray was
making an effort to keep her alive was reassuring, but the slowly shifting skin
engulfing her seemed to be preparing for something. She quivered in its hold,
unable to even sob.

It took a moment for her to register that its already firm hold was tightening
between her slightly parted legs. She tried to cry in horror, but all she
achieved was making her chest hurt, and the ray to expand its plug in her throat
to ensure no air escaped.

Helpless, she felt it exploring her labia and between her buttocks, sliding in
to fit snugly against her anus which she instantly tightened. She could still
feel it growing down into her stomach and was determined to somehow thwart its
quest to invade her entire body.

She felt it probing at the entrance to her vagina and squeezed her muscles
futilely, her diaphragm aching from her stillborn cries. She was very proud of
her virginity, and she prayed to whoever was listening that the ray would leave
her sex alone.

The ray began pressing into her vagina, causing her body to stiffen in expected
pain. But the tentacle that entered her was only very thin, small enough to
slide through her cherry and deeper.

Then with a series of rapid pulses that tore the fleshy barrier apart, the
feeler expanded in girth until she was once again squirming and trying to
scream. Her vaginal muscles cramped as they were painfully stretched to their
limits. She could feel it lightly pressing against her cervix, and dreaded it
going any further.

Showing no signs of stopping, it swiftly pushed its way up her urethra and into
her bladder, the fleshy catheter burning uncomfortably.

The ray paused for a moment, seemingly gathering itself. The girl quivered in
its intimate grip, her attention focused on keeping her butt tightly clenched.

It was almost gentle as it pushed its way into her bowels, easily sliding
through despite her best efforts to the contrary. The layer of slime it
deposited made it easy for the ray creature to violate her anus; the girl could
feel it moving in, slowly stretching her as it expanded.

Gradually it wormed its way into the depths of her bowels, seemingly devouring
anything in its way and replacing it with the slime covering her body. It never
seemed to end, pushing deeper and deeper as her muscles cramped around its
length. She was painfully aware of every single centimetre of it as it came to
rest down her right side. She almost expected it to grow, but the ray remained
silent after this final assault on her body.

Tears of pain and humiliation squeezed their way out from between the girls
closed eyelids. Her loins ached painfully, her throat was raw, and the ray
continued to breathe for her. It had taken complete control of her body, and she
hated it.



To the girl, it felt like hours had passed before the ray creature stirred
again, scaring her as it suddenly contracted gently around her body.
Simultaneously, she felt the fleshy dildo pulse within her. Futilely she
clenched her muscles to dislodge the intruder.

The ray contracted again, squeezing her from head to toe. The tentacle in her
pussy pulsed again, and then once more in quick succession.

Her terror rose steadily as it began contracting every few seconds, the pulsing
within becoming rhythmic. She could feel there was a slight motion whenever it
pulsed, as if it was pushing something into her.

As it continued, the girl began to enjoy the sensations it produced, her terror
fading. It wasn't hurting her, and she found its intimate embrace relaxing; she
didn't have to worry about anything in here, not even breathing.

Her face warmed with shame as she began responding to it, clenching in time with
its pulsing. She wondered whether the ray was doing it to cheer her up by
showing affection or was merely attempting to communicate. After all, it hadn't
hurt her much; perhaps it was just a big misunderstanding.

She quivered with nervous laughter at the thought of such a strange method of
talking.

The ray squeezed her again, but this time it didn't relax. She felt it shudder,
and then grip her hips almost painfully hard, pressing itself into her sex. And
then with one horrible pulse, it shot something hot and wet into her belly.

The girl's pleasant thoughts disappeared as it pulsed again, injecting more of
the warm liquid. As the third pulse began she went crazy, expending every shred
of her remaining strength towards the futile hope that it would stop raping her.

Tears squeezed themselves out from between her eyes as she fought, the rays
seeming betrayal shattering rational thought. It hadn't been pleasuring her, it
had been fucking her! And what hurt her even more was that she had been getting
off on it!

She struggled until she was totally exhausted; long after the ray had finished
with her pussy and had returned to quiescence. Her body had built up a layer of
sweat between her and the ray, insulating her somewhat from its hateful embrace.

Her chest shook with aborted sobbing. She wondered how she had ever thought it
was good; it had nearly drowned her, and then invaded her entire body with its
probing tentacles!

Even then she could still think of it being nice, but then it had raped her. It
wasn't a kind creature at all, it was evil, and she could do nothing but hate
it.



The ray squeezed her hand experimentally, as if to get her attention. Unable to
escape from her tormentors grasp, the girl decided that if it wouldn't
understand her struggles, then she would do nothing at all. She would not move
her fingers, or wriggle her tongue, or do anything except be totally passive.

A few seconds later it squeezed her hand again, slightly harder this time. She
felt a thrill of hope; maybe if she lay still long enough, it would let her go!

And then her vaginal muscles cramped, the constant stretching too much for them.

It was only for a second, and the ray didn't respond long enough for the girl to
think it had missed her body's betrayal.

She felt its grip gently increase between her hips, and couldn't help the
whimper that shook her chest. She focused all her self control into remaining
still as it began pulsing within her, clinging to the thought of freedom.
Steadily it increased its pace, rippling up her swiftly moistening vagina.

Despite how much she willed it to stop, the incessant pleasure finally coaxed
her clit from within its hood. The ray creature took notice, and sucked hard,
enveloping the sensitive skin.

The girl was unable to prevent her hips from pressing forwards as it did, and
the ray saw this as a positive sign, increasing its pace and sucking
rhythmically. Cursing the creature and herself, she desperately tried to stay
still and endure it.

Her orgasm was quick and powerful, making her entire body shudder with delight.
The sensations of it throbbing within her and sucking on her clit sent her to
heights her fingers had never reached. The ray didn't stop though, and after a
brief pause began pulsing within her anus as well.

The girl quickly abandoned all thought of keeping still, and began fucking it
back with what little movement she had. The ray quickly took over, its pulsating
movement changing to a powerful thrusting in both her orifices.

Her second orgasm lasted longer than the first, and her chest tightened in a
futile attempt to broadcast her ecstasy to the world. It relaxed its iron grip
on the rest of her body as she came, allowing her room to squirm and throw her
head back. In her sexual daze, she imagined the tentacle down her throat was yet
another cock, and tried her best to suck on it.

She became slightly concerned when it stopped breathing for her, and began
shifting within her head. The motion threatened to start her gagging again, but
when it was finished she was able to move up and down on it, her breathing
changed from the tentacle in her mouth to the ones in her nose.

At first the feeling of its motion down her throat was awful, and she had to
pause several times to stop choking. But she tried her best, and was soon
enthusiastically working it with her mouth. The thought of her triple
penetration was rapidly bringing her to orgasm again.

The creatures' sudden shuddering around her took her by surprise. She hoped it
was going to cum within all her orifices, and a second later all three "cocks"
slammed hard into her loins and down her throat. She squirmed in delight as they
pulsed strongly, and then began to fill her with warm liquid.

Her final orgasm came suddenly and powerfully, wiping all thought from her mind.
She felt the creature calming down around her, and relaxed as an exhausted sleep
took her.



She awoke suddenly, completely disoriented. Her fingers clenched reflexively,
taking hold of the grass cushioning her naked body. Her memories were
disjointed; feelings of moisture, and the warm, intimate embrace of another
crowding her mind.

She climbed shakily to her feet, eyes struggling to focus on the expanse of
trees and bushes surrounding her. The sun shone through the trees above, and she
looked up at it like a small child.

Some small remaining part of her mind sent her stumbling forwards. Ignorant of
the scratches and cuts she was leaving all over her body, the girl climbed over
bushes and logs in a direct line for wherever she was going.

The scrublands parted, and she stumbled out onto the hot concrete of the
pavement. The expanse of black bitumen ahead of her looked dangerous, but she
simply had to get across. Heedless of the cars on the road, she stepped out onto
the road and headed for the other side. Only the fact that she was naked saved
her, as almost every visible car on the road slowed down to gawk.

Her feet were sore from walking across the heated surface by the time she
reached the cool, green grass on the other side. The blurry building ahead
brought back memories that tugged at her attention, but she pushed them aside,
driven by the need to continue.

Oblivious to the neatly planted garden beds underfoot, she made her way towards
the building. Drawn by the loud horn blowing of the passing motorists, the door
opened and a familiar face appeared.

"Oh my� EMMA!" The woman burst from the doorway and embraced her daughter, tears
streaming down her face.

"Mum?" she whispered, falling into her arms.



It took several weeks for Emma to recover from the ordeal. When she was told she
had been gone for almost two weeks, she was totally confused. Was it really that
long?

After a few days of incoherent mumbling about alien fish, her memories slowly
returned. It didn't take long to decide to tell everyone she didn't remember a
thing; no-one would have believed the truth anyway.

The doctors and police alike were totally baffled by her disappearance. She
didn't remember them examining her, but they found signs of sex in her vagina
and arse, as well as trauma to her throat and vocal cords. But there were no
signs of semen, and although her confusion suggested long periods of sensory
deprivation, they found no indications that she had been bound in any way.

It was only a week later when she missed her period.



--

Thanks go out to redEva and slavelucy for their help

--



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lord Douche


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





