BDSM Library - BunkBed




BunkBed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A college student and his girlfriend make an ill-conceived deal with his studious roomate.
BunkBed

It started as an average Friday night with my girlfriend Sharon, and I relaxing
in my dorm room.  We sat on my bed pretending to play video games and making
out.  More accurately, Sharon played the video games while I, far too distracted
by her slim figure to play myself, interrupted her with kisses.

At only 9pm my roommate Dave came back.  As Dave took partying pretty seriously
I was quite surprised by his early return on a Friday night.  As soon as Dave
sat down I was reminded of his reasons.

"Hey guys you know how I have the GRE tomorrow night."

"Ohh yah," I responded letting Sharon play her video game for the moment.

"Well I really need to get some sleep so I was hoping Sharon could sleep at her
place tonight."

For the past couple months Sharon had been routinely sleeping in my bed without
the slightest complaint from Dave, in fact Dave was the heaviest sleeper I have
ever meet,  so his request came as something of a surprise.  Before I could say
anything Dave continued, "I know you guys are cool whenever I bring a girl back
and usually I am cool with Sharon being here but tomorrow is real important for
me."

By now Sharon had quit her game and was paying full attention to the
conversation.  Obviously not relishing the long walk back to her dorm she spoke
up. "We can be really quiet tonight."

"Yah," I seconded her, "its not like we've ever woken you up before."

"I know," responded Dave in an apologetic tone, "I feel real bad asking you
this.  But I know you two make noise in bed together and if I get woken up once
I don't know if I will be able to make it back to sleep."

"We won't wake you up at all tonight, we'll be real quiet," I said.

"Look," Sharon said, "if we wake you up I will find somewhere else to sleep and
it will be nice and quiet."

"Hell," Sharon continued well aware Dave was actually quiet a heavy sleeper, "If
we actually manage to wake you up I'll come sleep in your bed the rest of the
night and put you to sleep myself."

Dave paused for a second after that comment while his gaze drifted down Sharon's
body. "Sleep with me like you sleep with your boyfriend?" Dave asked.

"Sure," responded Sharon never thinking this would happen, "but don't get your
hopes up.  You know your just being paranoid again."

True to form, despite his worries, Dave was asleep minutes after climbing into
the top.  With the lights off, and getting tired of video games, there wasn't
much to do so soon Sharon and I had decided to go to bed as well.  I stripped
down and got into my bunk while I watched Sharon change into her red nightie by
the glow of my monitor.  Turning off the monitor and throwing the room into
blackness Sharon climbed into bed next to me.

Sharon snuggled up to me with a purr of contentment and I responded with a
tender kiss on her neck as we made ready to go to sleep.  Sleep itself was
difficult to come by, Sharon's shapely ass separated from my privates by only a
thin layer of silk was far from the worlds best sleep aid.  Soon the temptation
of Sharon's hem line, barely an inch from indecency was too much.

I slid my hand up from its resting place on Sharon's thigh and under her
nightie.  Reaching forward my fingers parted the brief resistance and slid
between Sharon's thighs. I heard my girlfriends breath quicken as I gently
played with her labia.  Before long my fingers were wet with lubrication and, to
the accompaniment of a muted gasp from Sharon, I slid one deep into her body.

My internal explorations lasted only a moment before Sharon turned around to
face me.  I could do nothing for a moment as I returned her enthusiastic kiss
but as soon as my mouth was free my fingers sought their warm home once again. 
Sharon was not going to let the favor go unreturned and I felt her finger tips
teasingly slide over my chest. My concentration began to lapse as her hand
reached my abdomen and once her fingers wrapped around my hard penis all
semblance of rational thought evaporated.

Sharon began moving her hand up and down the length of my penis filling my body
with ecstatic sexual energy.  I reached out with my free hand to grab a bed
post.  My knuckles collided with something hard and plastic then a crash as it
hit the floor.  Immediately the loud electronic clang of my roommate's alarm
filled the air and Sharon jumped up to turn it off.

Sharon yanked the alarm out of the wall but it was already too late. Even as the
last clang faded into silence I heard my roommate above me turn and ask, "What's
going on?  Is it morning already?"  Embarrassed at waking him up on the day of
his test, and not knowing how to apologize I paused for a moment to think of
something to say.  While I thought Sharon moved quickly to apologize.

"No, Dave," apologized Sharon moving to stand next to his bed, "that was our
fault, we're really sorry."  Dave responded in a quiet tone of voice that I am
unable to make out and soon he and Sharon are engaged in an intense, though
whispered conversation.  After a minute or two a troubled sounding Sharon come
down to talk to me.

"Remember what I said when we promised Dave we wouldn't wake him up?"

"No," I responded quite confused at this point.

"Well, I told him that if we woke him up I would go *sleep* with him."

"You can't be serious!"

"Yes, I really did promise him and my promises are important to me."

After a few more minutes of quiet argument I was told "Its only one night." and
my girlfriend climbed up into Dave's bed leaving me alone in the darkness.  With
my girlfriend sleeping with my roommate right above me I could hardly go to
sleep so I lay in the darkness listening to the sounds from above.

I heard the rustling of sheets, soon to be joined by a whispered conversation, 
as my girlfriend climbed into bed beside Dave.  The whispers were broken by a
nervous feminine laugh and then the unmistakable juicy smack of two lips
meeting.  Silence, for a moment, leaving me to imagine Dave's tongue invading
Sharon's tender lips.  The sound of kissing once again penetrated my
consciousness this time accompanied by the gentle swish of flesh against silk.

The smooth sliding noise, so familiar from my own nocturnal explorations of
Sharon's nighty, was driving me mad.  Every pause in the sound filled my mind
with images of Dave's hands grasping Sharon's body.  I imagined his palms filled
with her breasts, his fingers gently squeezing pleasurably asserting their
ownership of her body.  I imagined his hands spread out over her ass.  I
imagined his arm pressed up against her stomach, scant inches from her privates.

Those sounds were soon joined by a rhythmic creaking of the bed. Lying alone in
the darkness I could not help but interpret those sounds. Excited by his
explorations Dave was probably thrusting himself against Sharon.  With Dave only
in a pair of boxers Sharon would undoubtedly be able to feel his hard dick.  I
could not help but wonder if she liked his penis pressed into her ass. 

With these thoughts I found my penis stiffening again.  I knew it was my
girlfriend up above me doing it with another man.  I knew I should be feeling
disgusted and hurt but each sound and each train of thought somehow only turned
me on further.

A familiar gasp from above reached my ears and I knew Dave's fingers had found
Sharon's pussy.  A body shifted and I knew Sharon was moving to give him better
access.  She not only liked this, I thought, but she was helping.  With this
thought I found my hand unconsciously sliding to my penis.  More gasps from my
girlfriend above me and my penis was wet with precum.  Dave must be good with
his fingers I thought.  Then a deep throaty gasp from Sharon told me that Dave
had slipped a finger up into her.

Dave's arm motion was shaking the bed so I was aware every time his fingers slid
in and out of Sharon's pussy.  Gasps from Sharon, no doubt muted in the hope I
wouldn't hear, floated down with each thrust testifying to Dave's skill. I found
myself imagining Sharon's face full of sexual ecstasy from Dave's manipulations
and in response I found my hand taking over where Sharon's had left off.

From the breathing I could hear things were getting pretty heavy above me. 
Apparently unable to wait any longer I heard the sound of Sharon's nightie being
hurriedly pulled off.  My girlfriends body, until quite recently my private
domain, was now fully displayed to Dave.  The sounds of kissing and sucking
combined with Sharon's soft moans told me he was taking full advantage of it.

The snap of elastic told me that Dave too was now naked.  I wondered briefly
whether Sharon had taken it off herself but the realization that my girlfriend
was about to be fucked dominated my thoughts. Excitement flooded through me.  I
should feel bad, I guiltily thought, but images of Dave's penis penetrating
Sharon pushed it all away. Above me bodies shifted and I found myself silently
urging Dave to hurry up and fuck her.

A pause, then a moan from Sharon told me that he had entered her.  It was only
by force of will that I prevented an answering moan of my own.  Soon the bed was
rocking with the rhythm of their sex letting me reconstruct Dave's thrusts in my
mind.  My hand sliding up and down my cock in perfect time with the sex going on
above me.

As Dave's thrusts, and strokes, speed up Sharon's moans changed to yells.  At
first "Yes, Yes, Yes" but then as she got more into it "Fuck me, Fuck me Dave,
Fuck me hard Dave."  Finally to a cry of "Oh God Dave" we all orgasmed.

--------------

Quale  quale@invariant.org

Suggestions and corrections welcome!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Quale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





