BDSM Library - Party Animal




Party Animal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beautiful female executive is discovered trying to defraud the company and pays a humiliating and degrading price at the hands of her boss and his kinky friends.
Party Animal

Chapter 1

Flicking through the documents before me, there was no doubt.  The invoices
which suppliers denied issuing, the cash transfers to an offshore account, the
amendments to the company's financial ledger, it was clear that someone was
perpetrating a fraud on the company.  Tens of thousands of dollars, maybe more,
had gone missing.  As CEO, it was my responsibility to make sure that the fraud
stopped and that the person responsible be brought to account for their
behaviour.

The simplest thing to do would have been to call the police and let them deal
with it.  But there were wider implications to consider and take into account. 
Calling in the police would involve a lot of bad publicity, a lot of time wasted
giving witness statements, a lot of expense with lawyers.  And then the trial
and all that involved.  Perhaps the person responsible would be found not guilty
- who knows what crazy verdicts juries could come up with nowadays - or perhaps
the person would be found guilty and not get the appropriate sentence, not be
punished severely enough.

Yes, there were a lot of issues to consider before I decided what to do.  As a
CEO, my job is to make difficult decisions.  Having said that, I must admit that
my decision was made a lot easier when I found out who was perpetrating the
fraud.  It was my CFO, Jenny Hewitt.  Who would have thought it?

Jenny was something special.  She had a brilliant mind - which was why I had
hired her - although she obviously thought she was cleverer than she actually
was.  Her fraud had been childishly easy to uncover.  Perhaps she thought I was
too stupid to realise what was going on, or just too rich and lazy to care. 
Wrong on both counts.  I didn't like being made a fool of.

As I said, Jenny was brilliant.  She was only 29 and here she was a CFO, pulling
down $200 grand plus a year, plus bonuses and share options.  Obviously it
wasn't enough, she wanted more.  In a way, I admired her greed.  I also admired
her drive, her ambition, and the way she carried herself.  Many people in the
company regarded her as too driven, too ambitious.  She had a strong personality
and knew how to get her way.   She made enemies - but hey, that's business.  I
knew a lot of people hated her, thought she was a bitch.

But I admired all that, especially the way that she used her sexuality to get
what she wanted.  Jenny was not only extraordinarily clever but stunningly
beautiful.  She was one of the sexiest people I knew.  5 foot 5 inches of sex on
a stick!  Long lustrous shoulder length black hair, brown eyes you could drown
in, and a fantastic 36C, 25, 34 figure.  Her breasts, ass and legs were simply
superb and she wore clothes that accentuated them to perfection: low cut
blouses, a shirt with the top buttons undone showing her heaving cleavage; tight
figure hugging short skirts, heels.  She was quite a package.  With that mind
combined that body, she had both employees and customers eating out of her hand. 
She was quite an asset to the company.

So you can see what a dilemma I faced.  Turn Jenny over to the cops and let the
law take its course, or deal the matter internally.  There was no contest.  It
didn't take me long to realise that there was a way to deal with this in a way
that would deliver a lesson to Jenny about her behaviour that she would never
forget and ultimately bring significant long term benefits to the company - and,
just as importantly to me, of course.

That morning, I made a few calls and set everything up.  Already, I was excited
at the thought of what was to come and had difficulty concentrating on more
mundane tasks.  Then, about 11 o'clock, I called Jenny and asked her to come to
my office when she had a moment.  I didn't want to make her overly suspicious by
asking her to see me straight away but I knew from experience it wouldn't be
long before she came to see me.

Sure enough, about ten minutes later, I heard a knock on my door and saw Jenny
step into the office, looking as immaculate as ever.  I was taking a call at the
time and motioned her to come sit down in front of me at my desk.  I watched as
she walked across to the desk and sat down, her short skirt riding up her legs
as she lowered herself onto the chair.  I continued to speak on the phone,
observing her out of the corner of my eye, watching as she absent-mindedly
twirled her shining black hair between her fingers and almost imperceptibly
licked her luscious lips.

I finished the call and replaced the receiver, "Sorry about that, Jenny.  How
are things?"

"Good," she replied, "Busy but we're getting there.  I should have the Period 8
results for you this afternoon if that's what you wanted to see me about."

"No," I said, "it wasn't, but good to know.  No, what I wanted to know was what
you were doing this evening.  There's a party with a number of new potential
clients going on and I was hoping you'd be able to come with me.  You know the
drill, schmooze a little, flatter them, try to find out if we can help."

Jenny didn't hesitate.  "Sure", she replied with fake enthusiasm, "I'd love to." 
She knew, as well as I did, how dull these sorts of marketing functions were but
equally how essential they were to getting new business.  And of course, it
didn't hurt that Jenny was beautiful and always made an effort to try to flirt
with the customers and woo them into submission.

"Great," I said, "Shall I pick you up from your home at 7:30.  It starts at 8."

"Fine," she replied, "Is that all?"

"Not quite," I said, pushing a manila folder across the desk to her, "I'd be
grateful if you could take a look at this for me and let me know what you
think."

Jenny picked up the folder and opened it, leafing quickly through the documents
inside.  All credit to her, she didn't show any signs of a loss of composure as
she looked at the copies of the fake invoices and bank transfer details.

"I'm not sure if they're anything to be concerned about, " I continued, watching
carefully for a reaction, "Perhaps you could make a few discrete enquiries and
see what you can find out.  And let's keep this between ourselves.  If there is
anything suspicious about these transactions, I want to keep this quiet until
we've figured out what to do."

She looked up at me, still turning through the documents slowly, "Mmmmmm
........ interesting.  I'll see what I can do and get back to you as soon as I
can."

"Great.  Thanks a lot.  See you at seven thirty."

"It's a date!"

With that, Jenny stood up and holding the file in her left hand, turned and left
my office.  I smiled as I watched her tight little bottom move beneath her black
skirt.  This was going to be such fun.  It was time to make a few calls.

That evening at 7:30 on the dot, I pulled up outside Jenny's condo in my
Mercedes.  I saw the curtains twitch and the lights go out, then watched as
Jenny walked down the path to the car.  She opened the car and climbed in.

"Hi," she said, smiling.

I allowed myself a long lingering look at Jenny and smiled.  Damn, she looked
sexy.  She was wearing a black low cut cocktail dress, showing off her
magnificent cleavage to perfection.  Her dress ended just above the knee,
revealing her long silky smooth legs, clad in sheer black nylons.  Her long
lustrous black hair tumbled onto her bare shoulders.  Her subtle perfume
permeated the car.

"Hello," I replied, "You look fantastic."

Jenny smiled and thanked me as I steered the car from the curb and drove down
the street.  Soon we were on the freeway headed out of the city.

"Where are we headed?" asked Jenny.

"It's a bit outside town in the hills," I replied, "The clients have a little
place up there.  It's supposed to be quite lovely."

We drove in silence for a while.  Then I turned to Jenny and asked, " Did you
have chance to look at those papers I showed you this afternoon?"  She shook her
head, "Not really.  I had a quick look through but didn't really have time to
get into them."

"Pity," I said, " I had another trawl through them after you'd gone, rang
Accounts, asked a few questions."  I paused and cast a quick glance at Jenny to
get her reaction but she was deliberately avoiding my glance, looking straight
ahead.  She said nothing.  I continued, "I'm pretty certain something's going
on, some sort of fraud.  And I'm pretty certain who's behind it."

There was a short pause before Jenny spoke.  "Really?" she said, her voice
seeming to crack slightly, "Who is it?"

"Well," I said, pausing for effect, "I think you know them.  And its really
someone who should have known better."  Saying that, I turned and looked at
Jenny, smiled and then turned back to watch the road.

She was silent for a moment, "Are you going to tell me their name?"

"Not just yet," I said, "I think at the moment that it would be better to say
nothing until I have completed my enquiries, until I have decided whether to
contact the police."

Jenny spoke, a little too quickly, "So you've not decided what action to take
yet then?"

"No, not yet.  It depends on how co-operative the culprit is."  And saying that,
I turned to Jenny again and placed my hand on her thigh, gently patting it. 
Jenny turned to look out of the windscreen again, a fixed expression on her
face.

I smiled and returned my attention to the road.  I knew that a prolonged silence
now was the best strategy.  From my long experience of negotiations, I knew what
Jenny was thinking now.  How much does he know?  Does he know its me?  If he
did, surely he would have said something.  Surely he would have called the
police.  No, he can't know.  But then, what did he mean by his last comments
about being co-operative?  Does he know?  Does he want something?  If so, what?

After about ten minutes, the sound of the car's tyres rolling on the freeway, I
decided it was time.  "Well?" I asked.

"Well, what?" Jenny asked, her voice trembling.

"Have you looked at the papers I gave you?"

"Y...yes."

"Well, what do you think?  Do you agree that there's clear evidence of a fraud?"

Jenny shuffled through the papers on her lap once more but it was clear she
wasn't reading them.  It was a delaying tactic.  Eventually, she spoke - I could
sense the fear in her voice, "Well, it certainly seems that way.  Who do you
think is doing this, if something is going on?"

I laughed, "Isn't it obvious?  Take a look at the name of the company on the
bank account to which the funds are being transferred."

There was a pause: "I don't recognise the name."  There was a noticeable tremor
in her voice.

"You should, Jenny," I explained, "The thing about fraudsters is that they think
they're cleverer than they actually are.  And not only that, they have big egos. 
They always leave something of themselves behind.  Surely, you've noticed that
the name of the company, JLH Enterprises Inc, is basically your initials."

I heard Jenny catch her breath, "M...my initials?"

"Yes, your initials.  J.L.H.  Pretty stupid, don't you think.  But then I bet
you thought no one would ever find out.  And I expect it gave you a buzz using
your initials like that.  So what do you think?  Do you think this will stand up
in court?" 

Saying that, I flicked the indicators to turn left off the freeway: "Not far to
go now".

The car was deathly quiet again as we drove up the dark hillside road, the city
lights twinkling in the valley below us.

"What do you intend to do?" Jenny stammered after a long silence.

"Well Jenny, what would you do in my position?  You appreciate I can't let this
go.  I can't be made a fool of and I can't let employees rob me blind."

She was silent, no doubt turning over the options in her brain.

"The thing is, Jenny, you put me in an impossible position.  You're the best CFO
I could wish for and yet ....." I paused, ".....you're a thieving little bitch. 
I either need to know that this won't happen again ..."

"It won't, sir, it won't.  You have my word," Jenny interrupted.

"Let me finish, Jenny, let me finish.  I need to know that this won't happen
again or I need to turn you in to the authorities.  The SEC takes a very dim
view of this sort of thing nowadays, and I have my reputation and my
shareholders to consider.  So what I need, Jenny, what I need is your total
unquestioning obedience from now.  I need to know that you will do whatever I
say when I say it, and then maybe I will believe this won't happen again.  What
do you say?"

"Of course, sir, anything," Jenny stammered, so quickly she tripped over her
words.

"Anything?"  I asked, a smile playing around my features.

"Anything," she replied.

"You appreciate that anything covers a lot of possibilities, don't you."

"W...what do you mean?" Jenny asked tremulously.

"You'll find out," I laughed, "But you did say 'anything' I believe.  Or did I
not hear you right?  I have a cellphone here we can use to call the cops, if you
like."

"No," she replied, "I'll do anything.  Just don't call the cops."

"I'm glad we understand each other, Jenny," I said, patting her gently on her
silken thigh, "Ah we're here."  Saying that, I turned the car off the hill road
onto a short gravelled driveway that led to a set of large double gates.  As the
headlights swivelled onto the gates, they swung upon automatically and I steered
the car up the driveway to the mansion at the top of the hill.

Pulling up in front of the large white portico, I handed the keys to the valet. 
Jenny and I stood side by side in front of the steps leading to the front door. 
Offering her my arm, she slipped her arm inside mine and we walked up the steps
into the house.

The entrance to the house was full of people, clad in evening dress, chatting,
drinking, and eating from the buffet.  The room was impressive, a large white
marble floor and marble staircase leading to the upper floors.  We wandered
through the house, nodding to some of my contacts, admiring the luxurious decor. 
It was quite the place.

As we stood in the lounge, a waiter approached us with a tray laden with
champagne.  I took two glasses and handed one to Jenny.

"Cheers," I said, "To our future working relationship."  "Cheers," Jenny replied
nervously and we clinked the glasses and sipped our drinks.

"So Jenny, you know anyone here?"

Jenny sipped her champagne and looked around, "Don't think so.  No-one looks
familiar."

I nodded," Its always difficult being with new people.  It's important to make a
good first impression.  You don't want to ..... embarrass yourself."

Jenny looked at me curiously.  She knew I was getting at something but she
didn't know quite what.

"You wouldn't want to embarrass yourself in front of all these people, would
you?" I smiled.

"No," she replied circumspectly, " No, I wouldn't."

"Imagine what these people would think if they knew what you were really like. 
If they knew, you steal and lie."

Jenny blushed, lowering her eyes from my gaze.  I reached up and placed a finger
under her chin, lifting her head up so I was looking directly into her pretty
face.  I smiled and felt Jenny shiver.  Life was good.

Placing my empty champagne glass on the tray of a passing waiter, I ordered a
large vodka and orange on the rocks.  Almost immediately, it arrived and I took
it, taking a long sip as I stared intently at Jenny.  Reaching into the glass, I
pulled out a piece of ice and stroked it between my fingers, feeling the ice
melting to my touch.  Slowly I began to run the piece of ice down Jenny's cheek,
running it down to her neck.

She flinched slightly and gasped slightly as the icewater trickled down her skin
but otherwise did not react.  She knew this was a test and if she failed, it was
all over for her.  Slowly I ran the piece of ice over her neck and down over the
swelling of her breasts, letting the ice water run down her cleavage.  I could
see the water beginning to dampen her dress as it trickled between her breasts.

Moving the ice cube over her dress, I rubbed her left nipple through the fabric
of her dress.  She gasped again as I felt the nipple become erect and visible
through the thin wettened fabric.  Moving my attention to the other nipple, soon
both were erect and clearly visible.  Then staring intently into her pretty
brown eyes, I slid the ice cube down her belly and then reaching under her
skirt, slipped the cube into the front of her panties and let go of it.

I smiled at Jenny's discomfort, noting the rivulets of water trickling down her
legs.

"You enjoy that, Jenny," I asked as she stood there before me, blushing,
embarrassed.  She did not answer, biting her lip in embarrassment.  "You see
what I meant, Jenny, when I said you would be expected to do anything."  She
nodded.

"OK now.  Give me your drink, Jenny," I said and took the wine glass from her,
placing it on the table behind me, " Now get on your hands and knees in front of
me."

"What did you say?" Jenny said startled.

"I said," I replied evenly, " Get down on your hands and knees in front of me. 
And be quick about it unless you want me to tell everyone here and the police
about what a thieving little slut you are."

Jenny's eyes flared with indignation but I knew that she knew she had no choice
in the matter.  I leaned closer to her, my eyes locked on her, and hissed under
my breath, "One .... last  ..... time.  Get down on your hands and knees, bitch. 
Now."

I saw the resignation in her beautiful brown eyes.  Slowly she knelt in front of
me, her head down.  Looking down, I had a superb view of her heaving cleavage. 
Then slowly she lowered herself onto her hands and knees.  I could tell from her
stance that she was trying to pretend that she was looking for something, trying
not to attract attention.  But who could fail to notice the beautiful girl
crouched before me, her hair falling over her face, and that perfect rounded
ass.

I looked down at Jenny, trembling at my feet.  Placing my wineglass on the
table, I clapped my hands and called for quiet " Ladies and gentlemen, ladies
and gentlemen, please may I have your attention."  As I do so, I heard a low
moan of "No" from the cowering slut at my feet.

Conversation began to quieten down and people turned to look in our direction. 
As they did so, they could not fail to notice Jenny on her hands and knees at my
feet.  A few people giggled and pointed.

"Look everyone," I continued, "Look at this bitch on her hands and knees at my
feet like a dog.  And do you know why?  Because that's where she belongs .... On
the floor."

There were a number of nervous laughs as people took in what was happening.  I
looked down at Jenny cowering at my feet.  Bending over, I patted her head,
"Good doggie."  More laughter.  Everyone in the room was entranced by the
spectacle before them, not least because they now realised that this was the
show I had promised them when I had made those calls earlier that day - inviting
people to a party they would never forget.

Running my hand down Jenny's back, I lifted up her skirt exposing her panties. 
I then pulled the skirt back so that she crouched there, her pantied ass on view
to all.  And what a perfect ass it was, the cheeks so round and spankable under
the thin silk panties.

"Now then, bitch," I said, "Crawl on your knees across the room to that woman
over there."  I pointed towards a slim attractive brunette wearing a
tight-fitting black cocktail dress across the other side of the room, watching
intently, holding a glass of red wine.

The room was quiet, everyone wondering whether Jenny would obey.  Seconds passed
as she hesitated.  Lifting my foot, I gave the crouching slut a push in the ass. 
Jenny lurched forward, falling face first onto the floor.  A gale of laughter
swept round the room as she lay sprawled on the floor, her clothing in disarray,
her hair falling across her pretty face flushed red with embarrassment.

Slowly Jenny lifted herself back onto all fours and, head lowered in shame, she
began to crawl across the floor towards the woman.  Some of the onlookers began
to clap slowly as she crawled grudgingly but helpless to resist.  Eventually she
reached the woman, remaining on all fours, her head hanging down.  The woman
looked down on the humiliated girl, smiling, looking at her companions and then
at me.

"Kiss her feet, slut," I ordered and Jenny slowly lowered her lips to the
woman's shiny black leather shoes and kissed each shoe gently, her ass exposed
to view.  More laughter.

"Now then, pup," I continued, "I want you to kneel and beg her to allow you to
give her a ride round the room on your back."  The partygoers laughed and
whooped their approval.

We all watched as Jenny slowly raised herself onto her knees, lifting her hands
to a begging position in front of her, her head lowered in shame.  I heard Jenny
mumble something and saw the woman smile.

"Louder, bitch," I shouted, "We can't hear you.  And lift your head up.  Do it. 
Now."  Resignedly, Jenny lifted her head and looked up at the woman looking down
on her a quizzical smile playing across her features, "Please miss, please will
you allow me to give you a ride on my back round the room."  God, she looked so
sexy and so vulnerable, kneeling there, her hair and clothing dishevelled,
pleading with another woman to be humiliated.

More comments and ribald laughter echoed round the room.  Whilst Jenny was
clearly totally embarrassed by this situation, I could sense the submissive in
her bubbling to the surface.  This would be more fun that I had imagined.

The woman laughed, " Why thank you horsey.  What a kind offer.  However ...."
and she paused, looking at the glass of red wine in her hand, ".... I don't seem
to have finished my drink just yet."  Another pause and a wicked smile, "Oh wait
a minute, I have an idea ....."

Saying that, the woman slowly raised the half full glass of wine above Jenny's
head and slowly tipped it up.  A thin stream of red wine trickled down onto
Jenny's uplifted forehead, rivulets of wine dribbling over her face, down her
neck, and down between her cleavage.  The onlookers howled with laughter at the
sight of my slut kneeling there, wine running down her stupid face.

Upturning the glass to shake the last drops of wine out over Jenny's head, the
woman spoke again, "There.  Finished now.  Right, pony, on all fours, quickly. I
want my ride."

Jenny obeyed, her face wet and sticky, her chest and boobs stained with wine. 
Immediately, the woman straddled the crouching girl and lowered her bum onto the
small of Jenny's back, wiggling her bottom to get comfortable.  The crowd
cheered.  Grabbing Jenny's hair with her right hand, the woman lifted her feet
off the floor, crooking them back to rest against Jenny's thighs.  Then raising
her left hand high in the air, she brought it down with a THWACK on Jenny's ass
cheek shouting, "Giddyup horsey."

Jenny began to crawl, the woman swaying on top of her, her heels digging into
the side of Jenny's thighs.  The crowd cheered as Jenny crawled amongst them,
looking down at the humiliated slut, her head hanging down, hair dangling across
her pretty face, now flushed with embarrassment and shame.  Slapping Jenny's
left buttock, the woman screamed with laughter: "To the left, horsey.  Turn. 
Quick, to the left."

Slowly, laboriously, Jenny did as she was instructed.  "God," chuckled the
woman, "This is hopeless.  I need some reins to steer this pony around."  Saying
that, a man removed his tie and handed it to Jenny's rider.  "Open wide, slut,"
the woman ordered, bending forward to slap Jenny across the cheek.  Jenny
dutifully opened her mouth and the woman quickly placed the middle of the tie
into it.  "Bite down hard, horsie," she commanded and Jenny obeyed.  Grasping
each end of the tie, the woman now had a rudimentary bit and reins.

Pulling hard on the ends, Jenny's head was forced upwards, the fabric of the tie
cutting into the sides of her mouth, drool trickling down her chin.  With a
"giddyup" and a dig to the thighs with the woman's heels, Jenny began to crawl
again, her rider directing her by tugging on the left rein to turn left and on
the right to go right.

For five minutes, the crowd laughed and cheered at the tableau presented to them
before, exhausted and humiliated, Jenny collapsed on the floor, her rider
spilling off, laughing hysterically.  I walked over to the prone slut, lying in
a heap on the floor.

"Look at me, slut," I ordered and wearily Jenny raised her head.  I smiled as I
saw the beaten expression on her face, her cheeks flushed with exertion and
shame, sweat beads on her forehead, her breasts heaving with each breath.  But
most of all, I revelled in the look in her beautiful brown eyes, burning with
humiliation.

Bending over, I grabbed her hair and pulled the slut to her feet, forcing her to
stand in front of me.  She looked so submissive and helpless, stood there before
me, clothing dishevelled and ripped, head hanging down with shame.

"Right, bitch," I hissed, "That was just for starters.  Now get your clothes
off.  We are going to have MUCH more fun with you."

"Pleeeease," I heard Jenny whisper under her breath.

"What was that, slut?" I said, leaning forward, " Did you say something?"

There was  a brief pause before Jenny quietly spoke again, "Pleeease don't make
me take my clothes off."

I laughed, "So why exactly is it that you think you deserve clothes after what
you've done, whore.  Now get them off ...... NOW."

Slowly, resigned to her fate, Jenny began to undress.  The crowd of men and
women gathered round, watching intently as she stripped.  Slowly, Jenny slipped
the cocktail dress from her shoulders, letting it fall around her ankles.  She
now stood before us, dressed in a bra and panties and stockings, her heels
having been lost earlier when she crawled around the room.  Bending over, Jenny
rolled each of the stockings down her legs and pulled them off.  She now stood
before everyone, clad only in her bra and panties, the silky white bra showing
off her tanned 36C breasts to perfection.

"Come on bitch, " I snarled, "Get the bra off.  We haven't got all night."

Sobbing quietly, Jenny unclipped the bra and let it drop to the floor.  A cheer
went up as the audience admired her firm rounded breasts, still heaving from the
exertion earlier.

"Jiggle them for us, whore," I laughed, "Let's see those puppies move." 
Blushing, Jenny swung her body from side to side, her beautiful tits bobbling as
she did so.  The audience whooped and cheered at the sight.

"Now get naked," I commanded, "Quickly.  Then get your hands on your head."

With a sigh, Jenny rolled her panties down her thighs, down her legs and stepped
out of them, standing before the partygoers stark naked.  Placing her hands on
her head, she stood before us exposed and helpless.   I smiled as I cast my eyes
over her perfect nude body, admiring her wonderfully trim pussy.  Stepping
towards Jenny, I ran an appreciative eye up and down her body before giving her
a light slap on her pussy with my hand.  Jenny moaned and her knees buckled
slightly.  Gently, I cupped her pussy in my hand and rubbed, standing close to
the naked girl, and looking deep into her eyes, whispered, "We are going to have
SO much fun with you, girl."  I felt her body trembled as I spoke.

Stepping back, I admired her body once more and then gave another order, "Okay,
slut.  Turn around slowly and let these ladies and gentlemen inspect you." 
Slowly Jenny, hands still on her head, began to shuffle round, letting the
audience feast their eyes on her superb naked body.  Rude comments and muffled
laughter came from the crowd as she displayed herself.  Eventually, she had
turned 360 degrees and stood facing me again.

"On your hands and knees, bitch," I ordered and Jenny obeyed, dropping to all
fours at my feet, her hair falling across her face, her boobs dangling
seductively.  Bending over, I picked up her discarded panties and threw them
across the room, "You were a useless horse.  Now lets see if you're better at
being a puppy.  Now, fetch."

Resignedly, Jenny turned and began to crawl through the watching audience on all
fours, their mocking laughter ringing in her ears.  Reaching the panties, she
lowered her head, picked them up between her teeth and crawled back to me,
waiting on the other side of the room.  I watched as Jenny knelt before me, the
panties hanging from her mouth, her big brown eyes looking up at me burning with
humiliation.  I let her kneel there for a moment or two before taking the
panties and patting her on the head, "Good puppy."

"Now bark for me, pup," I laughed, dangling the panties between my fingers and
letting them stroke across Jenny's face. Blushing with shame, the helpless slut
began to bark like a dog: "Woof, woof, woof."  The audience laughed as Jenny
humiliated herself before us, whining and whimpering like a naughty puppy. 
Eventually, I raised my hand: "Enough, pup.  Stop."

Throwing the panties across the room again, I looked down at Jenny: "I think
that last task was a little too easy for you.  This time, get down on your belly
and fetch."

Jenny lowered herself, face down onto the floor and began to wriggle on her
belly across the room to the panties.  I smiled as I watched her bum wiggle from
side to side as she wriggled along, her breasts squashed against the floor. 
Eventually she reached the panties, gripped them between her teeth and wriggled
back to me.  Kneeling before me, I grinned as I saw the red marks on her breasts
and belly caused by the friction of her lightly tanned skin with the rough
floor.

"Very good, slut," I said, taking the panties from her mouth and pulled them
over her head.  A roar of laughter came from the watching partygoers as they
stared at Jenny, kneeling there naked, the panties sitting neatly on her head.

I let Jenny kneel there for a while to give her time to appreciate how stupid
she looked before I removed the panties and tossed them aside.    Looking down
on the kneeling slut, I bent so my face was only inches from hers, "Look at you,
you cheap little whore.  You're loving being treated like this, aren't you?" 
Jenny blushed: it was doubtful she was and the suggestion that she looked as if
she was only served to embarrass her even more.

"Now then, whore," I laughed "Time for your real punishment to start."



Chapter 2 - Puppy Love  
Looking down at Jenny, kneeling naked in front of me, a throng of men and
  women joking and laughing at her predicament, I wondered just exactly what
  she was feeling. Shame and humiliation - most definitely. Regret that she had
  ever tried to steal from the company - certainly. But I sensed that, even though
  she would probably never admit it to herself, there was a frisson of sexual
  excitement at being treated like this bubbling away inside her. Deep down,
  I just knew that underneath all that self-assured business woman crap was a
  submissive little whore just waiting to get out.  
It's always been my view that you can't make someone do anything that deep
  down inside them somewhere, they don't want to do. Advertising, for example,
  can't make you buy a car you don't want but if some part of you wants it, a
  good ad can make you realise that. It was the same with Jenny: all I was doing
  was awakening the hidden slut. It wasn't just my imagination, I was sure, that
  Jenny was beginning to move her hips and rubbing her thighs together in a way
  that suggested she was just a little sexually excited.  
Maybe one day, she would thank me for it. Maybe that day was closer than
  either Jenny or I realised. Even so, that day was not now. Today Jenny was
  feeling degraded, defiled and violated (and no doubt just a little bit excited)
  - or so I hoped.  
However, now was not the time for introspection. I didn't care if she was
  getting off on this treatment or not. She was a thieving bitch who needed to
  be taught a long hard lesson and there was an audience waiting for the next
  act of humiliation on my pretty little slave. I had promised them a show when
  I had called them all earlier that day - and a show was what they were going
  to get.  
I motioned to one of the waiters who had been serving drinks and canap&eacute;s.
  Seeing me signal, he approached, carrying a silver tray with an item covered
  with a white cloth lying upon it. Jenny was still kneeling at my feet, head
  bowed, trembling at the thought of what might be in store for her. Poor little
  slut: she had no idea.  
Taking the tray, I crouched down in front of her. With one finger under her
  chin, I raised her head up so she was looking at me, the tray at my chest level
  and her eye level. Her pretty brown eyes burned with humiliation. Her eye makeup
  was smudged from her tears of shame. Her face was wet with sweat and, of course,
  the wine that had been tipped over her. I noticed with pleasure that her nipples
  were hard and erect, standing proud on her magnificent 36C tits.  
I stroked her hair gently. &quot;Jenny,&quot; I said slowly and quietly, &quot;I
  have a little present for you. Would you like to see it?&quot; She lowered
  her eyes, afraid to meet my stare. She knew that she was unlikely to like the
  present whatever it was.  
&quot;Head up, bitch,&quot; I snapped, &quot;Look at me. I want to see the
  humiliation in your eyes, you little cunt.&quot; Jenny looked up, her cheeks
  blushing. As she lifted her eyes up to mine, I spat into her face. A thick
  gobbet of saliva hit her between the eyes and trickled down over her nose. &quot;Don't
  ever ignore me again when I'm speaking to you, understand?&quot; I said. Jenny
  nodded her head in acquiescence.  
Slowly I removed the white cloth from the tray revealing the object lying
  on it. It was a leather 'tail'. One end of the tail consisted of a thick leather
  butt plug whilst the other comprised a number of long thin leather straps hanging
  loose. In total, it must have been about eighteen inches to two feet long,
  the butt plug taking up at least a quarter of the length. I saw Jenny's eyes
  widen with horror as she saw the tail and realised what it was - and where
  it was going.  
&quot;I thought a naughty puppy like you needed a tail,&quot; I said, &quot;Don't
  you agree?&quot; Jenny nodded. Her face was bright red with embarrassment and
  her body was trembling with apprehension. The audience around her was sniggering,
  eagerly anticipating the fitting of the tail to the helpless whore kneeling
  before them.  
Quickly, I slapped Jenny across the face, &quot;Answer me, slut. Don't just
  nod your head.&quot;  
&quot;Y&hellip;yes, s&hellip;.sir,&quot; Jenny stuttered.  
&quot;That's better,&quot; I said soothingly, &quot;Now tell me what you
  want me to do with this tail.&quot;  
There was a moment's hesitation and I had to slap the stupid whore across
  the face again, &quot;Come on, Jenny. I thought you were a clever little bitch.
  Obviously I was wrong. Now don't make me have to remind you again. Tell me
  what you want doing with the tail - and don't be nice about it. Tell me your
  filthy little slut fantasies. I want to hear that gutter mouth of yours.&quot;  
The thought of having to say nasty words was, I knew, humiliating to a stuck
  up bitch like Jenny. She began to tremble anew, lowering her head once more
  slightly and looking up at me, the whites of her eyes wide. She looked so submissive.  
&quot;P&hellip;..please sir, &quot; she whimpered, &quot;Please make this
  dirty little slut wear her tail.&quot;  
I slapped her across the face again, &quot;Not dirty enough, Jenny. You can
  do better than that.&quot; The audience laughed at her discomfort.  
&quot;Please sir,&quot; whined my pretty slave, the red mark of my hand clearly
  visible on her cheek, &quot;Please give this dirty filthy little slave bitch
  a tail in her fucking whore ass.&quot; The audience clapped and cheered.  
I smiled, &quot;Well done, pup. Much better. Now get your face on the floor
  and that ass in the air.&quot;  
Trembling, Jenny obeyed, crouching on her knees and forearms, her face on
  the floor, her round peachy little ass raised up in the air. With one hand,
  I pushed her face against the carpet and with the other, slapped her ass, ordering
  her to raise it higher. How I love the sound of the smack of a hand on a fresh
  ass. Jenny shuffled her knees forward, her ass now fully exposed.  
I motioned to a girl wearing a short mini skirt and boots standing nearby
  to sit on Jenny to make sure that she didn't raise her face up off the floor.
  The girl smiled and lowered herself onto the back of Jenny's head, sandwiching
  it between her firm bare thighs. I could hear Jenny's muffled protest as her
  head was covered by the girl's skirt and enveloped between her thighs.  
Once her head was secure, I took the tail and began to rub the tip of the
  butt plug against Jenny's asshole. She began to wriggle and muffled whimpers
  came from underneath the girl's skirt. Slowly, I began to ease the unlubricated
  plug into her asshole. More squeals from under the skirt and more wriggling
  and writhing. The thick length of the leather plug distended and stretched
  Jenny's assring, opening it wide. I continued to push it in and soon the butt
  plug was buried deep in Jenny's virgin asshole.  
The girl holding Jenny's head down stood up and I ordered Jenny onto her
  hands and knees. Jenny obeyed, her breasts hanging down seductively, wriggling
  her ass with discomfort from the butt plug now distending her little asshole.  
I raised my right hand and slapped Jenny hard across her left buttock cheek, &quot;Come
  on puppy. Wag that little tail of yours.&quot; Jenny yelped with pain as I
  spanked her and wiggled her pert little bottom as ordered, causing the leather
  strips of the tail to sweep back and forth. The group of men and women gathered
  around her laughed and clapped as they watched, drinking in her degradation.  
Another waiter approached, carrying a collar and leash. I took them from
  him and clipped the collar round my puppy's neck. Giving the leash a tug, I
  then began to walk slowly through the party guests, Jenny crawling on her hands
  and knees behind me. Every so often, I would give the leash another tug, the
  signal, as she soon learned, to wag her tail even more vigorously.  
Jenny looked so humiliated and degraded, crawling naked on all fours behind
  me, her head hanging down in abject submission, waggling her bottom to make
  her tail wag. Her predicament was made even more demeaning by the comments
  and laughter of the guests around her, looking down at her as she crawled past,
  leaning over to pat her head or stroke her fine ass.  
I approached the buffet table, laden with meats, salad, cheese, bread and
  other food items. I ordered my dog to sit whilst I filled a plate up with food.
  Taking a bite of quiche, I looked down at my sexy little puppy crouched at
  my feet.  
&quot;You must be a hungry doggie,&quot; I said, &quot;Here, have a treat.&quot; And
  saying that, I took a small piece of quiche and placed it on my palm. I then
  leant over and offered it on my palm to Jenny. She knew what to do. Jenny bent
  her head over and began to eat the quiche off my palm. I could feel her hair
  brushing against my skin, the softness and wetness of her lips against my palm.  
&quot;Good dog,&quot; I said, &quot;But its time you had a proper meal.&quot; I
  made a sign to another waiter and he approached, carrying a tray, again with
  something covered by a white cloth. The waiter placed the tray on the floor
  next to the kneeling naked girl and moved away.  
Making sure I was looking at Jenny's face - I wanted to see her reaction
  - I slowly removed the cloth from the tray. It slid off revealing a bowl of
  dog food, the gristly meat glistening with juice and jelly. I smiled as I saw
  the look of horror on Jenny's face. The crowd standing around began to snicker
  at Jenny's obvious discomfort, looking forward to seeing Jenny humiliated further,
  making more lewd comments at the helpless slave's expense.  
&quot;Get your face in that bowl, girl,&quot; I ordered, &quot;And eat your
  food up like the good dog you are.&quot;  
Not surprisingly, Jenny hesitated. Quickly, I slapped Jenny across the tits
  a number of times with my hand, causing her to yelp in surprise and pain at
  the stinging blows. &quot;Didn't you hear me, you little cunt,&quot; I snapped,
  grabbing her cheeks in my hand and shaking her head. Her wide brown eyes pleaded
  for mercy, a mercy of course that she would never get. &quot;Now get your face
  in that bowl and START EATING.&quot;  
Saying this, I pushed Jenny's face down into the bowl, grinding her slutty
  features into the sticky dog food. She struggled briefly as I forced her face
  into the bowl, her wiggling ass causing her tail to wag furiously. I loosened
  my grip and Jenny lifted her head up, gasping for air, her pretty face smeared
  with brown streaks and spots of meat from the dog food. Laughter rang in her
  ears.  
Looking around briefly, she saw the audience, crowding around her, drinking
  in her humiliation. A camera flash went off, capturing the image of her naked,
  crouching on all fours, a tail sticking out of her ass, tits dangling, hair
  falling over her sticky face, shame burning in her eyes. Reluctantly, she lowered
  her face to the dog food and gingerly stuck out her tongue to lick the rubbery
  surface of the meat. She began to lick at the marrowbone jelly coating the
  meat and then to bite off small chunks and swallow them, gagging slightly as
  she did so.  
&quot;Come on, slut,&quot; I snapped, kicking Jenny on the ass, &quot;Faster.
  We haven't got all day.&quot; The audience began to slow handclap, urging her
  on. How humiliated she must have felt, naked and degraded, being forced to
  eat dog food in front of all these people dressed in their party outfits and
  nice suits. Once she had been like them - but now she was an animal, a pet,
  a sexual plaything.  
As she ate, coughing and spluttering, I ran my hand over her ass and down
  between her legs, my fingers probing her slit. I smiled: the little slut was
  getting wet down there. Like the fucking slut she was, the humiliation and
  degradation was making her wet. I removed my fingers from her cunt, wiping
  them on her ass and leaned back to watch Jenny finish her meal.  
It took Jenny two minutes to finish the food. I ordered her to lick the bowl
  clean and then kneel, hands on her head. She obeyed and knelt before us, her
  face still smeared with the remains of her meal, drool running down her chin.  
&quot;God, girl,&quot; I said with disgust looking down at her, &quot;You
  look a fucking mess. Time to get you cleaned up.&quot;  
I grabbed Jenny's hair and threw her down onto her hands and knees. Ordering
  her to follow me, I headed across the room. Obediently, Jenny followed, her
  tail swinging, through the throng of people. I noticed again how good her boobs
  looked as they dangled and swayed as she crawled. I led her out of the room
  and down a corridor, followed by a throng of partygoers all chatting excitedly
  at what might lie in store for Jenny.  
I headed into the bathroom with Jenny right behind me. I lifted the seat
  of the toilet and pointed to it.  
&quot;I know how much you dogs love to drink out of the toilet bowl,&quot; I
  said, &quot;Well, there it is, pup. Get your head in there and drink.&quot;  
A whimper of utter humiliation came from Jenny's lips. &quot;Pleeeeeease,
  sir,&quot; she wailed, &quot;Not that. Pleeeeeeease. Anything but that.&quot;  
&quot;Do as I say, you fucking thieving whore,&quot; I snapped, grabbing
  her hair and pulling her to the toilet bowl on her hands and knees. Jenny whimpered
  in pain and despair at what was going to happen to her. I lifted the lid and
  the seat and pulled her head over the bowl. Involuntarily, she lifted her hands
  to grip the edge of the bowl, partly to try to stop her head being forced into
  the bowl and partly to support her body. Firmly, I pushed her head into the
  bowl. I could see her hair floating in the water and from the spluttering coming
  from Jenny, it was clear her face was at least partly in the water. Her boobs
  were pressed against the cold china of the toilet bowl.  
I lowered the seat down on Jenny's neck, pushing down on it to keep her face
  deep in the bowl and flushed the toilet. Cold water rushed into the bowl and
  Jenny squealed as the toilet flushed over her head. I could hear coughing and
  spluttering and more whining of &quot;Pleeeeeeease&quot;. Slapping her peachy
  little ass, I snapped, &quot;Quiet bitch.&quot;  
A crowd of people was filling the bathroom, enjoying Jenny's humiliation.
  A pretty redheaded girl in a short black party dress stepped forward, an evil
  smile on her face.  
&quot;Gee,&quot; she said, looking first at me and then at my dog, still
  spluttering in the toilet bowl, &quot;I could sure use a piss.&quot;  
&quot;Be my guest,&quot; I said, motioning her towards the toilet bowl. &quot;Dog,&quot; I
  said to Jenny, &quot;Don't you fucking move.&quot;  
The girl turned to face the people crowding into the room and straddled the
  bowl. Lifting up her skirt, the girl showed that she wasn't wearing any panties.
  She lowered herself slowly, squatting so that her pussy was right above Jenny's
  head. A stream of golden pee squirted from between her pussy lips and showered
  down over the back of the helpless slave's head. Rivulets of piss streamed
  down over Jenny's hair, running down her cheeks into the toilet bowl. As the
  girl continued to pee, I leant over and began to spank Jenny's ass, slapping
  each buttock in turn, smiling at the red glow suffusing across her cheeks.
  A camera flash went off, then another, and then another capturing Jenny's degradation
  for posterity.  
After ten or fifteen seconds, the girl had finished, adjusted her skirt,
  and stood up. She began to walk away but stopped, turned and said, &quot;Oops,
  forgot to flush.&quot; She pressed down on the handle and the toilet flushed
  once more over the helpless Jenny's head.  
Once the water had stopped flowing, I grabbed Jenny's hair in my fist and
  pulled her head out of the toilet bowl. She emerged, coughing and spluttering
  for air, her hair soaking wet, hanging in heavy strands over her bare shoulders
  and face, water pouring down her face, her features contorted. Laughter and
  mocking insults greeted her as she crouched there, water and pee dripping down
  her bare back and over her boobs onto the floor, her naked body trembling with
  cold and humiliation. &quot;Pleeeeeeease,&quot; she whimpered, &quot;Pleeeeeeease.
  No more. Pleeeeeeeease.&quot; Her whining and pleading for mercy only made
  the people squeezing into the bathroom laugh and mock her more.  
Pulling her onto her knees by her hair, I looked down on the helpless humiliated
  slut with mock concern. &quot;So, my little slave,&quot; I sneered, &quot;You
  don't like being a dog. Perhaps you'd prefer to be some other pet.&quot; Turning
  to the other party goers, I asked, &quot;What sort of pet do you think Jenny
  would like to be next?&quot;  
&quot;How about a cat?&quot; called a middle-aged brunette, elegantly sipping
  her wine. The crowd cheered and started chanting &quot;Pussy. Pussy. Pussy.&quot;  
&quot;Mmmmmm,&quot; I said, &quot;A nice pussycat. Would you like that, Jenny?&quot; I
  paused but there was no reply from the shivering slut kneeling at my feet,
  dripping water onto the floor. &quot;Well,&quot; I continued after a short
  pause, &quot;It doesn't really matter what you want. A cat you shall be.&quot;  
Chapter 3 - Hello Kitty  
I took a towel from the side of the sink and began to roughly dry off Jenny's
  face and hair. I didn't want the dirty little animal getting the carpets of
  my host's house all wet after all, did I? Jenny struggled and squealed as I
  dried her off but soon her face was clean and dry and she was ready for more
  fun.  
Finally, I pulled the dog tail out of her ass. Jenny moaned as it popped
  out. I took the tail and made Jenny lick the butt plug clean with her tongue.
  I smiled as she licked and sucked the thick leather plug clean. &quot;You enjoying
  your treat, pup,&quot; I laughed, &quot;I know how you dogs enjoy the taste
  of your own asshole.&quot;  
When she had finished to my satisfaction, I ordered Jenny onto her hands
  and knees once more and made her crawl behind me. &quot;And remember you're
  a cat, you little whore,&quot; I added, &quot;Make sure you meow like the little
  pussy you are as you crawl.&quot; Obediently, she followed me back into the
  main room, meowing all the way as she did so. For some reason, the sight of
  Jenny, naked and crawling and mewing like a cat, was strangely erotic.  
Back in the main room, I ordered her onto her knees facing me. The party
  goers gathered round again, refilling their drinks, chatting, excitedly waiting
  to see what was going to happen next.  
I waved to a beautiful blonde wearing a red mini skirt and revealing low
  cut top and carrying a purse and asked her to come over to us. Slinkily, she
  walked over, smiling - another one of my confederates in Jenny's humiliation.
  She opened her purse and took out a black eyeliner pencil. I leant over, cradling
  Jenny's pretty face in my hand as she knelt there on her haunches. God, she
  looked so sexy, kneeling there, naked, defiled and powerless.  
The blonde crouched down and used the eyeliner pencil around Jenny's eyes,
  stencilling in cat-like makeup (like on Egyptian princesses) around her beautiful
  brown eyes. Soon, Jenny's eyes were fully made up, accentuating their stunning
  appearance, highlighting their rich deep color. Taking the eyeliner from the
  blonde, still holding Jenny's chin in one hand, I used it to draw some whiskers
  on Jenny's cheeks and then finally to blacken the tip of her cute little nose
  so that it looked like a cat's. Finally, the blonde produced an Alice Band
  covered in white fur and with little cat ears mounted on either side on top,
  and fitted it onto Jenny's head. The assembled party goers cheered and clapped:
  my slave's transformation into a cat was complete!  
I stood back to admire my handiwork. The makeup on Jenny's face and the cat-ears
  perversely made her look even more stunning. Call me a pervert (yes I know!)
  but I desperately wanted to fuck her whilst she was wearing those cat ears.
  If you've ever seen the film Josie and the Pussycats and seen Tara Reid or
  Rachel Leigh Hunt wearing their cat ears, then you'll know exactly what I mean.  
But time was of the essence and I couldn't stand here just looking at Jenny.
  There was work to be done.  
&quot;Now then,&quot; I said, looking down at my new pet, &quot;What is it
  that cats like you are good at? Let me think.&quot; I paused before I answered
  my own question, &quot;I know. You like to clean things with your tongue, don't
  you.&quot; Jenny was silent. &quot;DON'T YOU?&quot; I repeated menacingly.  
&quot;Y&hellip;.yes sir,&quot; stammered Jenny, finally getting the message.
  When would this slut ever learn?  
&quot;Good. Now get your face to the floor, whore,&quot; I commanded, &quot;And
  start cleaning the dirt off my shoes with that slutty tongue of yours.&quot;  
Crouching on her knees, Jenny lowered her face to my feet and began to lick
  at the shiny black leather of my left shoe. Looking down at her, I smiled as
  her head bobbed back, forth and sideways as she licked at the flecks of dirt
  on the shoe. Reaching behind me, I picked up a glass of iced water and slowly
  tipped it up, pouring a stream of ice water onto Jenny's back so that rivulets
  of the cold liquid streamed between her buttocks. She jumped slightly as the
  ice water ran down over her skin and trickled over her asshole.  
&quot;Now the other shoe, there's a good kitten,&quot; I ordered. Jenny moved
  her head across to my right shoe. Lifting my foot up, I offered Jenny the sole
  of my shoe and she began to lick at the grime on it. Bending over, I grabbed
  a fistful of her hair and pulled her face up to look into mine. I smiled and
  spat in her face, laughing as the drops of saliva splattered over her pretty
  face, her cheeks now plainly flushed red with shame and embarrassment.  
&quot;Mmmmmm,&quot; I hissed, &quot; I guess now that tongue's been warmed
  up, it needs some more action. I bet I know what kittens like you love most
  of all - and that's the taste of other pussies. Am I right?&quot;  
&quot;Y&hellip;.yes sir,&quot; stuttered Jenny.  
Looking at the people standing around, I replied, &quot;So tell these good
  people what you like, then.&quot;  
&quot;I &hellip; I love the taste of pussy, sir,&quot; whimpered the naked
  slave, &quot;Meeeeooowwww.&quot; The crowd cheered. This slut was catching
  on fast.  
&quot;Thought so,&quot; I sneered and, pushing the naked slut back onto her
  belly on the floor, I pointed across the room to two young women sitting on
  a couch. &quot;You see those girls, puss,&quot; I told Jenny, &quot;Crawl on
  your belly over to them and do whatever they say. NOW!&quot;  
Falling onto her belly, Jenny inched her way across the room to the girls,
  sitting on the couch, muttering to each other and smiling. The audience looked
  down on Jenny as she crawled, one of two of them making obscene comments as
  she passed by them. Eventually Jenny reached the couch and knelt before the
  girls, head bowed.  
The girls looked at her for a moment. Both girls were stunning. One, a shapely
  long haired blonde, was dressed in a tight low cut red blouse, short black
  leather mini skirt and black leather boots. The other was a brunette wearing
  a black one-piece cocktail dress, stockings and heels. The blonde leaned across
  to Jenny and, placing a slender finger under Jenny's chin, lifted up the slut's
  bowed head.  
&quot;Hello, puss,&quot; she said, stroking Jenny's face &quot;I'm Christina,
  and this here,&quot; motioning to the brunette beside her, &quot;is Amy. And
  for the next few minutes or so, we are going to do whatever the hell we like
  with you. Understand?&quot;  
Jenny trembled slightly and muttered something quietly. Christina paused
  and then slapped Jenny across the cheek: &quot;Speak up, kitten. I can't hear
  you.&quot;  
&quot;Y&hellip;yes,&quot; stammered Jenny, her right cheek glowing red from
  the slap.  
Another slap, this time across the left cheek: &quot;Yes MISTRESS, do you
  understand, slut?&quot;  
&quot;Y&hellip;yes, Mistress,&quot; Jenny replied, her cheeks stinging from
  the two blows.  
&quot;She really is a stupid little whore, isn't she,&quot; laughed Christina,
  taking a sip from her wine and placing the glass on the table next to her, &quot;What
  are you, you dirty little tramp? Tell the room.&quot;  
&quot;I'm a stupid little whore, Mistress, and a dirty little tramp&quot; Jenny
  repeated to laughter from the partygoers watching her humiliation.  
&quot;That's better,&quot; laughed Christina, stroking Jenny's hair tenderly, &quot;Now
  get that tongue of yours working on my boots.&quot;  
Christina lifted her leg up, presenting her knee length leather boot to Jenny.
  Obediently, Jenny lowered her lips to the toe of the boot and kissed it, then
  began to lick the shiny leather, sucking the long stiletto heel. Soon she was
  lapping vigorously at the boot, her saliva shining on the leather. &quot;Come
  on bitch,&quot; shouted Christina, &quot;Work that tongue. I want it nice and
  warmed up before you lick my cunt&quot; and Jenny redoubled her efforts, licking
  harder and more passionately, taking the toe of the boot into her mouth and
  slurping loudly as she licked and sucked it.  
As Jenny worked on Christina's boot, Amy slipped off the couch and knelt
  on the floor behind Jenny. She began to run her hands over Jenny's exposed
  ass, letting her hands slip round Jenny's waist to her crotch, sliding her
  fingers into Jenny's slit. &quot;Fuck,&quot; exclaimed Amy, withdrawing her
  fingers and wiping them on Jenny's back, &quot;This bitch is really wet. She
  obviously really gets off on being a fucktoy.&quot; And saying this, she slapped
  Jenny on the ass. The crouching slave moaned gently at the blow and continued
  to obediently lick and suck Christina's now glistening leather boots.  
Amy reached across Jenny's back and grabbed her hair, pulling her head up. &quot;OK
  bitch,&quot; snarled Amy, &quot;Time to put that tongue to work for real. I
  bet you're just dying to lick our pussies, aren't you?&quot;  
&quot;Y&hellip;yes, Mistress,&quot; stammered Jenny, her head pulled back
  by Amy so that she was looking right up Christina's skirt.  
Amy tugged harder on Jenny's hair, causing her to squeal with pain. &quot;Tell
  us exactly what you want, you stupid cow,&quot; she hissed.  
&quot;I want to lick Mistress Christina's cunt,&quot; whimpered Jenny, her
  back arched back, her firm boobs swaying below her, &quot;I need to taste her
  pussy sooooooo bad.&quot; The watching guests snickered and smirked at Jenny's
  pathetic begging.  
Amy let go of Jenny's hair. Jenny's face fell to the floor, leaving her crouching
  before Christina, her ass in the air, breathing heavily. &quot;Well done, slut,&quot; laughed
  Amy, &quot;I knew you were a pussy licking little whore the moment I saw you.&quot;  
Christina stood up and removed her blouse, pulling it over her head, revealing
  magnificent pert 34C tits. &quot;Take this skirt off me, slut,&quot; she said
  to Jenny, &quot;Do it. NOW.&quot; Jenny knelt and began to unzip the skirt.
  Once it was unfastened, she let it slide down Christina's thighs and legs into
  a pile on the floor. Christina was now naked except for her long leather boots.  
Sitting back down, Christina reclined on the couch, leaning back, her head
  on the cushions at one end, her left leg dangling off the couch, the other
  resting on the arm rest at the other end of the couch. &quot;Okay, puss,&quot; Christina
  drawled, &quot;I want you to get me nice and wet. Show me what you can do -
  but don't touch that pussy yet, you little whore. Use your tongue on the rest
  of me first.&quot;  
Jenny leant over and began to run the tip of her tongue round and round Christina's
  left nipple. Christina moaned slightly, closing her eyes. Jenny's lips closed
  around Christina's erect nipple and began to suck it and simultaneously rub
  it with her tongue. As she did so, Jenny ran her hand down Christina's firm
  belly and began to massage Christina's crotch, rubbing her palm on her mons
  and letting her index finger run up and down Christina's slit. Watching this,
  sipping a light Chardonnay, I smiled. This dirty little bitch knew what she
  was doing. Jenny Hewitt, my straight-laced CFO, had obviously been with a woman
  before and knew exactly how to turn a girl on.  
Jenny turned her attention to Christina's other breast, licking and sucking
  the nipple. Christina moaned in pleasure, her back arching slightly as Jenny
  slid a finger between her wet pussylips. Slowly Jenny began to slide her tongue
  down Christina's body, kissing and licking Christina's belly, darting her lithe
  wet tongue into her belly button. Brushing her face over Christina's pubes,
  Jenny began to lick the sensitive skin on the inside of Christina's left thigh.
  Christina sighed with pleasure once more at the feel of Jenny's tongue teasing
  her flesh. Rubbing her face over Christina's slit, Jenny moved onto Christina's
  right thigh.  
After a few seconds, Jenny moved onto Christina's cunt. Gently opening Christina's
  legs wider, Jenny began to lap at Christina's vaginal lips, which were now
  red and inflamed. Christina began to grind her hips up and down, pressing her
  cunt against Jenny's expert tongue. Jenny began to flick her tongue in and
  out between Christina's labia, flicking Christina's clit as she did so. Christina
  moaned, her head lolling back, gasping short breaths of pleasure.  
Jenny's tongue was now fully down into Christina's sopping slit. Using her
  hands, Jenny was stretching Christina's cunt wide, exposing the red inflamed
  flesh of her vagina and spreading her pussy lips wide apart. Jenny's head was
  now buried between Christina's thighs, her face hard against Christina's pubes,
  her head bobbing up and down as she licked Christina's wettening cunt.  
Pausing for breath, Jenny ran her tongue down Christina's slit, down her
  perineum and down to Christina's asshole. Christina groaned as she felt Jenny's
  tongue flick inside her asshole. Jenny began to move her tongue between Christina's
  cunt and asshole, first licking and stimulating one and then the other. Her
  lithe little tongue flicked faster and faster as Jenny moved from Christina's
  clit and then to her ass hole, teasing the ass hole for a moment, flicking
  inside it briefly, and then moving back up to Christina's sopping cunt.  
After a few minutes of this, Jenny's face was glistening with Christina's
  juices. Like the good little kitten that she was, Jenny was lapping up Christina's
  juices, now dripping from her red and inflamed pussy, her clit aroused. Jenny
  moved her mouth so that it was completely covering Christina's gaping pussy
  and thrust her tongue between the lips into the wet love hole as far as she
  could. Christina squealed with pleasure. Jenny then began to dart her hard
  lithe little tongue in and out of Christina's cunt, fucking her with her tongue,
  licking up Christina's juices like a good little slut.  
After thirty seconds of this, Christina was clearly ready to cum, wriggling
  and writhing on the sofa whilst Amy looked on - her hand up her skirt rubbing
  her cunt - and the partygoers watched appreciatively at how easily it had been
  to reveal Jenny's slutty lesbian tendencies.  
Jenny now began to nibble on Christina's clit, expertly stimulating it with
  her teeth. Christina's hard little clit was clearly visible when Jenny moved
  her head so engorged with blood was it from the stimulation from Jenny's expert
  administrations. Jenny moved quickly between nibbling with her teeth and lapping
  at the clit with her tongue. Christina gasped and moaned in delight as she
  began to approach orgasm, Jenny's lips, teeth and tongue working feverishly
  on her Mistress's pussy.  
Violently, Christina came, her body shaking with her orgasm. As she did,
  her knees clamped tightly against Jenny's head. Simultaneously, Christina brought
  her hands down on the back of Jenny's head, pressing her face even tighter
  into her sopping wet pussy. Jenny's nose was buried deep in Christina's slit,
  the juices pouring over her face, as Christina came and came, her hips bucking
  and shaking, pounding Jenny's face into her pussy. The admiring and appreciative
  audience cheered and clapped as Christina came.  
As her orgasm subsided, Christina opened her legs and Jenny slid onto the
  floor, her face covered in Christina's juices. Christina stood, hands on her
  hips, one boot either side of the exhausted naked slut lying on the floor,
  and looked down at Jenny. Christina's body glistened with sweat.  
&quot;God, that slut was good,&quot; she said to Amy, &quot;She really knows
  how to use that tongue of hers. You should get some of that.&quot;  
&quot;I intend to,&quot; said Amy, sliding the black cocktail dress from
  her shoulders and standing naked over Jenny, except for a garter belt, stockings
  and heels. Sitting on the couch, Amy spread her legs wide, revealing a shaven
  pussy, and reached down to grab a fistful of Jenny's hair. Pulling Jenny to
  her hands and knees, Amy thrust Jenny's face into her crotch and demanded, &quot;Come
  on girl. Suck my clit. Make me cum, bitch.&quot;  
Meanwhile, Christina was strapping a thick 12&quot; black leather dildo around
  her waist. Kneeling behind Jenny, she placed her hands on Jenny's waist, guiding
  Jenny's ass so that her cunt and asshole were ready for her use. As Jenny began
  to suck and lick at Amy's bare pussy, Christina guided the monster dildo towards
  Jenny's exposed cunt, running the tip of the leather phallus up and down Jenny's
  slit. Jenny wriggled her bum, unable to resist the dildo's stimulation of her
  pussylips.  
Amy grabbed Jenny's head, pushing it hard against her crotch, forcing her
  tongue into her gaping slit. As she did so, Christina firmly grasped Jenny's
  hips and pulled her back, simultaneously ramming the dildo forward with her
  hips, driving it up Jenny's cunt to the hilt. A muffled scream issued from
  Jenny's lips, her face now buried in Amy's sopping cunt.  
Christina began to move her hips back and forth, fucking Jenny with the enormous
  dildo, thrusting it in and out of Jenny's tight little cunt. The force of the
  dildo fucking caused Jenny's body to rock back and forth, her face alternatively
  being rammed into Amy's sopping crotch and then pulled out by the force of
  the dildo tearing back out of her cunt. With each thrust, Jenny moaned loudly,
  each groan a mixture of pleasure and discomfort, her juice-smeared face contorted
  with an expression of lust, pain and humiliation. Jenny's large tits swung
  back and forth with each penetrating thrust, her nipples hard and erect.  
Christina began to increase the speed of the thrusts of the dildo into Jenny's
  vagina, pumping her hips back and forth, occasionally using her hand to slap
  Jenny hard on the ass. At the same time, Amy was holding Jenny's face in her
  wet cunt, pulling her hair, forcing her to lick her tongue-hungry pussy. Both
  Jenny and Amy were now close to cumming, Amy from the expert flicking of Jenny's
  tongue on Amy's engorged clit, Jenny from the friction of the dildo on her
  clit, the taste of Amy's juices, and the humiliation of being fucked with a
  strap on in front of all these people.  
As she came, Amy closed her thighs hard around Jenny's head, muffling Jenny's
  own cries of orgasm as she too came simultaneously. The naked slut's abused
  body shook with an orgasm, her face buried in Amy's sopping wet crotch. Christina
  gripped Jenny's thighs hard, pushing the dildo into Jenny's vagina as far as
  she could, feeling the orgasm tremble through Jenny's body.  
After fifteen seconds or so, Christina felt Jenny's body relax as her orgasm
  subsided and she withdrew the dildo from Jenny's cunt. It was glistening and
  dripping with Jenny's juices, demonstrating how turned on by the penetration
  with the dildo the little slut had been. As the dildo was removed, Jenny collapsed
  on the floor in a heap, her naked body shining with sweat, her face smeared
  with Amy's pussy juice.  
Christina and Amy stood over the exhausted slave girl, smiling. &quot;What
  a fucking little whore,&quot; grinned Christina, &quot;She really loved having
  that dildo up her slutty little cunt.&quot;  
Standing over the exhausted Jenny, Christina ordered Jenny to suck the dildo
  clean. Slowly getting to her knees, Jenny began to suck and lick the glistening
  phallus - still fastened around Christina's waist - of her own pussy juices.
  Jenny's face was still smeared with the cunt juices of both Christina and Amy,
  and now she was tasting her own cum. When she had finished, Christina ordered
  Jenny back onto all fours where she crouched, head lowered, panting.  
Looking down on her, Amy kicked Jenny on the ass and pointing across the
  room to me, &quot;Your punishment's not finished yet, whore. Crawl over there
  to your master like a good little kitten.&quot;  
Slowly, Jenny raised her head and looked across the room to where I was standing,
  sipping a dry white wine. Her body was still flushed from her orgasm and her
  pussy juices were still trickling down her thighs, her cunt no doubt still
  tingling. Obediently, Jenny began to crawl across the room towards me. She
  had finally learnt her place, it seemed.  
Reaching me, I ordered her onto her knees once more. How pathetic she looked,
  kneeling in front of me naked, her face and body smeared with cunt juice, her
  body shining with sweat, her nipples hard and erect, her pussylips red and
  inflamed, the cat-ears still on her head, the eyeliner whiskers still on her
  cheeks.  
&quot;Thanks, girls,&quot; I called to Christina and Amy, who were now getting
  dressed and preparing to enjoy Jenny's further humiliation.  
&quot;Our pleasure,&quot; Amy replied, &quot;That girl's got a helluva tongue
  on her. I think she needs to be rewarded.&quot;  
&quot;Hmmmmmmm,&quot; I said, looking down at Jenny, &quot;A reward. Now
  what is it that kittens love more than anything else?&quot; I paused, &quot;I
  know. Milk.&quot;  
I called to a waiter, &quot;Do you have any milk for my good little pussycat
  here?&quot; &quot;No sir,&quot; he replied with a smile.  
&quot;Oh dear,&quot; I said, crouching down to stroke Jenny's cheek with
  my finger, &quot;No milk today. But I believe we have plenty of something creamy
  and white that will be just as good.&quot;  
I stood up and took an empty bowl from a nearby table. &quot;Any guys care
  to help out,&quot; I said, &quot;I need this bowl filling.&quot;  
A man in evening dress stepped forward, grinning, and took the bowl from
  me. Looking down at Jenny, he unzipped his fly and removed his hard cock from
  his pants. Staring intently at the naked slave kneeling before him, he began
  to stroke his cock and soon ejaculated into the bowl. Jenny lowered her eyes
  briefly but was irresistibly drawn to watch as the man pumped his cum into
  the bowl.  
Another man took the bowl and he too tossed himself off into the receptacle.
  The bowl began to be passed around the partygoers, man after man taking it
  and cumming into it. Soon the bowl was full to the brim with thick creamy fresh
  cum. The last man bent over and placed it in front of Jenny.  
&quot;Pleeeeeease, no,&quot; she whimpered, looking down at the sticky mess
  in the bowl in front of her, &quot;Don't make me drink that, sir. Pleeeeease,
  anything but that.&quot;  
It was quite touching to hear Jenny beg and watch her grovel naked on the
  floor but quite why she thought begging for mercy would have any effect on
  me (other than to make my cock harder of course) was a mystery. I grabbed her
  by the hair and forced to look up at me.  
&quot;Listen bitch,&quot; I hissed, spitting in her face once again, &quot;You'd
  better lick that bowl clean of cum or else. Now get your face in that cum and
  DRINK.&quot;  
I threw Jenny onto the floor where she lay sprawled by the bowl of cum. Slowly,
  painfully, she lifted herself onto her hands and knees, her head a foot or
  so above the bowl, hesitating, looking down at it trembling. Little by little,
  she lowered her head until she was only a few inches above it, and stuck her
  tongue out gingerly until it was almost touching the surface of the cum. She
  held herself there for a moment and then suddenly knelt back up. She was sobbing,
  tears running down her face, the black makeup round her eyes leaving trails
  down her cheeks.  
&quot;Pleeeeeeease, sir,&quot; she whined again, her eyes beseeching me for
  mercy, &quot;I can't. I cannnnnnnnnn't.&quot; God, she looked so sexy, begging
  with those little cat ears on her head!  
But no matter how sexy she looked, such behaviour from a slut was intolerable.
  I crouched behind her, grabbing her round the waist with one arm and taking
  hold of her cheeks from under her chin with the other, pulled her body close
  to me. I could feel her warmth, her nakedness, and the hardness of her tight
  little body against me as I did so.  
&quot;You fucking slut,&quot; I snapped, shaking her head with my hand, &quot; You
  do what I fucking say, understand, or we'll have to do it the hard way.&quot; I
  called over to Amy, who was now fully dressed, and she walked over and crouched
  in front of us. Grinning, she dipped a tablespoon in the cum and lifted it
  up slowly, holding it in front of the wide-eyed Jenny. The bowl of the spoon
  was full of sticky warm semen and globules of spunk dripped from the underside
  in thick sticky trails.  
I squeezed Jenny's cheeks, making her mouth open, each of her top and bottom
  lips compressed. She began to struggle as Amy moved the spoon towards the opening
  between her lips. &quot;Noooooooooo,&quot; she moaned, her pleas muffled by
  the way I was holding her mouth, &quot;Pleeeeease.&quot; &quot;Come on kitten,&quot; Amy
  laughed, &quot;Time to take your medicine.&quot;  
And saying that, Amy stuck the bowl of the spoon, full to the brim with slimy
  warm cum, into Jenny's mouth. Jenny's face contorted at the taste as she was
  forced to swallow it. Amy withdrew the spoon - now empty - and wiped the back
  of the bowl across Jenny's tits, leaving a smear of glistening cum across them.  
&quot;You have a choice,&quot; I continued, &quot;You can either drink that
  bowl up like a good little kitten or I'll tip the whole lot over your slutty
  little face and get these nice gents standing around to fill it up again for
  you to drink. And we'll keep tipping it over you and refilling it until you
  do as I say. Do you understand, slut?&quot; Jenny nodded, her body trembling
  against me.  
&quot;Good,&quot; I said, &quot; Now are you going to drink that up like
  a good little girl?&quot;  
&quot;Y&hellip;yes s&hellip;sir,&quot; Jenny stammered reluctantly.  
&quot;Hmmmm,&quot; I said, standing up and wrapping an arm around Amy, who
  was looking down at the humiliated slave with contempt and amusement, &quot;I'm
  not sure I believe you. Beg to be allowed to drink it all up. Beg like the
  cumslut that you really are.&quot;  
&quot;Pleeease sir,&quot; wailed Jenny, the laughter of the people around
  her ringing in her ears, &quot;Please let me drink up that all lovely warm
  cum. I just love the taste of spunk, sir. Please let this dirty little fucking
  cumslut gulp that nice sticky cum down her slutty throat.&quot;  
&quot;Well done, Jenny,&quot; I said, the party goers applauding Jenny's
  moving speech, &quot;I think you really want to guzzle down that cum, don't
  you. OK, get to it.&quot;  
Back on her hands and knees, Jenny lowered her face to the bowl of cum and
  sticking out her tongue began to tentatively lick the meniscus of the pool
  of spunk with the tip - just like a cat lapping up milk. I laughed at the expression
  of disgust and humiliation on her face as she tasted the warm cum in her mouth
  and swallowed it. Soon however she was into the swing of things, lapping at
  the bowl of cum, her peachy little ass sticking in the air and spunk dribbling
  from the corners of her mouth as she did so.  
After a minute or so, it was clear it was going to take Jenny a long time
  to drain the bowl. She was just too fucking slow. She had been drinking for
  nearly two minutes and the bowl was still about three quarters full. I ordered
  Jenny to her knees and she obeyed. Cum dribbled from the sides of her mouth,
  trickling down onto her breasts. A globule of cum glistened on the tip of her
  kitten nose.  
&quot;Pick the bowl up, slut,&quot; I commanded, &quot;And drink it down.
  Open that throat of yours and tip it down.&quot;  
Reluctantly, Jenny picked up the bowl in both hands and raised it to her
  lips. She paused for a moment and then opened her mouth, leaned her head back
  and began to tip the contents of the bowl into her mouth. The cum began to
  pour into her mouth, plastering her tongue in a thick layer of sticky viscous
  spunk. Viscous strands of cum dripped from her chin. Everyone watched as Jenny
  began to gulp the cum down as it filled her mouth and throat. As the bowl emptied,
  she leant back further, tipping the bowl up more and more until it was empty,
  except for a thick layer of cum sticking to the sides and bottom of the bowl.
  Like the good little slave she was, Jenny began to lick round the bowl with
  her tongue, lapping up all the residual spunk still sticking to it. Finally
  she was finished and she placed the bowl back on the floor. Slut that she was,
  she couldn't help but lick her lips when she finished.  
All around her, the partygoers clapped and cheered, appreciating her fine
  work, snickering at Jenny's degradation. What a fucking slut she was, kneeling
  in front of everyone, naked, cum dripping from the sides of her mouth and her
  chin, the rest of her face smeared in pussy juice, streaks of spunk on her
  tits, her stomach full of cum - and kneeling in front of me waiting for further
  degradation and humiliation.  
Chapter 4 - Dirty Little Piggy  
Looking down at Jenny, I laughed at how stupid and degraded she looked. &quot;What
  a dirty fucking whore,&quot; I said. &quot;You know, ladies and gentlemen,
  I think she's more like a pig than a dog or a cat, don't you?&quot; The audience
  standing around watching Jenny's continuing abasement laughed and nodded their
  agreement.  
&quot;Yeah&quot;, chortled a guy wearing a dinner jacket, &quot;A dirty fucking
  cumpig. That's what she is. What are you, whore?&quot;  
&quot;A c&hellip;cump&hellip;ig, sir,&quot; mumbled Jenny, blushing with
  shame.  
Christina pushed her way through the partygoers and stood in front of Jenny. &quot;Yeah,
  that's right,&quot; she said, grabbing Jenny's hair in her fist and pulling
  Jenny's head back. Amy leant over, holding a black magic marker pen, and began
  to write in large block capitals on Jenny's breasts and belly, speaking each
  word as she wrote it, &quot;Dirty &hellip;&hellip; fucking &hellip;&hellip; cumpig.&quot; Jenny
  looked so degraded kneeling there with those obscenities scrawled across her
  smooth young skin.  
&quot;Time you showed us what a pig you are, slave,&quot; I laughed and ordered
  Jenny onto all fours. &quot;Come on,&quot; I said, starting to walk towards
  the large French windows across the room, &quot;Follow me outside, piggy. Time
  for you to roll in the dirt like the sow you are.&quot;  
I led Jenny outside. The night was clear and cool, a light breeze coming
  in over the mountains. A full moon shone brightly in the sky. The French windows
  opened up onto a large paved area raised above the garden itself. Stone steps
  led down to the expansive lawn and the flowerbeds, bushes and lush vegetation
  that stretched away down the hillside. A series of lawn lights and torches
  illuminated the whole garden.  
I walked across the paving and down the steps. Jenny followed on her hands
  and knees, head lowered. The concrete slabs must have been hard and unforgiving
  against her bare knees. I could tell she was feeling the cold of the night.
  Her beautiful soft skin was covered in goosebumps, her nipples were hard and
  erect, and she shivered slightly as she crawled. I was glad I was wearing my
  jacket. A large group of the partygoers followed us outside. Some of them stayed
  on the paved area, chatting and sipping their wine, leaning on the balustrade,
  looking down to the garden below where they knew Jenny's humiliation would
  continue. Others followed us down to the lawn for a closer view of what was
  to come.  
I led Jenny to a large patch of dirt in the middle of the lawn that the gardener
  had cleared for planting but at the moment was left empty. I ordered Jenny
  to kneel by the dirt patch. I examined Jenny's face with amusement, her expression
  a mixture of dread and puzzlement. It was clear she didn't know what was going
  to happen to her next. That of course made what was going to come all the more
  delicious.  
A few seconds later, Christina appeared on the lawn, carrying the end of
  a garden hose. She came and stood by me, looking down haughtily on Jenny, kneeling
  naked in the moonlight.  
&quot;Okay, Christina,&quot; I said, &quot;Make some mud for this pig to
  roll in.&quot; Christina grinned and trained the hose on the dirt patch, sending
  a stream of icy cold water into the dirt patch. Jenny watched in horror, her
  naked body shivering in the cold night air, as the water poured out over the
  soil. Within about three minutes, the dirt patch was a pool of sticky mud.  
Turning to Jenny, I patted her on the head, &quot;You like that, pig. Lots
  of gooey mud for you to roll around in like the dirty bitch you are.&quot; Jenny
  was silent, a single tear of humiliation rolling down her left cheek.  
Christina produced a pair of handcuffs from her purse and handed them to
  me. I ordered Jenny to put her hands behind her back, clipping the handcuffs
  around her wrists. I then dangled the handcuff key in front of Jenny and tossed
  it into the middle of the muddy patch.  
&quot;Fetch it, whore,&quot; I ordered, &quot;Now.&quot; Resignedly, Jenny
  began to shuffle forwards on her knees, falling onto her side on the grass.
  The crowd cheered and laughed as she fell over. Jenny squirmed on the grass,
  attempting to right herself, but found herself unable to do so. She then began
  to crawl on her belly over the grass to the muddy pool. She paused as she reached
  the edge and then gingerly wriggled into the mud. The dark sticky mud oozed
  up her body with a pleasing squelching sound. Desperately she tried to keep
  her face and hair out of the icky mud but without success. Soon the front of
  her body was coated in mud, and flecks of mud dotted her back and buttocks.
  Each movement of her body resulted in her being sucked a little deeper into
  the muddy pool.  
Soon she was near the key and was forced to lower her face into the mud in
  order to try to grip it between her teeth. Jenny was by now covered in mud,
  rolling in the muck like a pig. The night was filled with laughter as we watched
  Jenny's increasingly desperate attempts to find the key. Helplessly, she rolled
  around in the gunge, her face and body now caked in the sticky mud with barely
  any part of her not plastered in the gooey sludge. Each movement resulted in
  a loud squelching sound as the sticky mud enveloped her. Her hair, face, tits,
  crotch and ass were completely covered in muck. She looked like what she was
  - a dirty filthy pig rolling in the mud.  
After a minute or two, Jenny managed to find the key and grasped it between
  her teeth and began to crawl back to us. After a further minute, Jenny had
  hauled herself out of the mud and lay on the grass, her naked body plastered
  in sticky mud, breathing heavily, the key clasped between her teeth.  
&quot;What a pig,&quot; Christina laughed as she looked down at Jenny's nude
  mud caked body and the sight of the degraded and defiled slave wriggling on
  the grass. The thoroughly humiliated pig was allowed to remain there for a
  while to allow the guests to appreciate her predicament, wriggling around covered
  in filth on the grass, the laughter and lewd comments of the partygoers ringing
  in Jenny's ears.  
After a minute or so, I bent over and unlocked the handcuffs. &quot;Get on
  all fours and oink like the pig you are,&quot; I ordered. Jenny obeyed, tears
  running down her face, cleaning little trails down her muddy face. Everyone
  laughed as Jenny oinked and snorted like a pig, her naked body still plastered
  in a layer of thick sticky mud.  
&quot;Time to get you cleaned up, piggy,&quot; I said after a while. I ordered
  Jenny to stay on all fours and lift her head up. She looked so stupid, crouching
  there, her dirty face upraised, the whites of her eyes standing out in the
  midst of all the filth. Slowly, deliberately, I unzipped my fly and eased my
  engorged penis out of my pants. Smiling, I pointed it at Jenny's face and began
  to piss on her.  
A steady yellow stream of piss flooded over Jenny's face. Jenny closed her
  eyes as the urine poured over her, hitting her forehead, gushing over the bridge
  of her nose, down her cheeks, washing away the layers of sticky mud. Steam
  rose from Jenny's face as the hot piss hit the cold night air. I directed the
  stream of piss so that it washed over all areas of her face - her cheeks, her
  mouth, her hair.  
Soon I was spent and shaking the last drops of urine out, tucked my cock
  back into my pants and zipped up. Jenny's face was now smeared with a mixture
  of dirt and piss. Droplets of pee tricked off her chin and nose. &quot;T &hellip; thank
  you, sir,&quot; she stammered. I nodded in appreciation - this girl was learning!  
&quot;Get on your back, pig,&quot; I snapped and Jenny obeyed, rolling onto
  her back, lying flat on the grass. Christina crouched over Jenny's face, lifting
  her skirt. Meanwhile, a group of ten men gathered round the prostrate slut
  and unzipped their pants, taking their cocks out.  
&quot;Okay,&quot; I said, &quot;Let's clean this slut up.&quot;  
The ten men began to direct streams of piss over Jenny, soaking every inch
  of her. Pee splashed over her breasts, poured over her belly, soaked her crotch,
  ran over her legs. Meanwhile, Christina aimed her pee over Jenny's upturned
  face, filling her mouth, the piss gushing over her cheeks and chin. Soon Jenny
  was lying in a pool of piss slowly soaking into the grass, her once pristine
  skin soiled with dirt and urine.  
I allowed Jenny to wallow in the mixture of dirt and piss for a minute or
  so - sufficient, I hoped, to fully appreciate her humiliation. I then ordered
  Jenny to her feet and to stand spread-eagled on the lawn while Christina used
  the hose to wash her clean. How she squealed and screamed as the cold water
  drenched her, Christina taking particular pleasure in aiming the stream of
  cold water into Jenny's crotch and over her boobs. At one point, the helpless
  slut was ordered by Christina to turn round so her back and ass could also
  be cleansed. After a minute or so, Christina shut the water off and Jenny stood
  there, soaked, rivulets of water trickling off her, shivering with cold. Once
  she was clean, I told Jenny to get back on her hands and knees and follow me
  back into the house.  
Back in the house, I ordered Jenny onto her knees once more. People gathered
  round expectantly to see what was going to happen next. I have to say that
  I was impressed with how much ill treatment the little slut could take.  
I looked down on Jenny kneeling before me stark naked, her skin damp from
  her soaking, shivering from cold and humiliation, her nipples erect, her skin
  chafed and red in patches. She looked beaten, degraded, helpless to resist,
  resigned to further mistreatment. If only she knew that what she had experienced
  over the past hour or so was just a warm up, a prelude to her ultimate humiliation
  and degradation.  
Chapter 5 - Give The Dog A Bone 
Looking down on Jenny, I thought back on how, over the past hour or so, she
  had been mistreated and abused and how as a result, this once proud and haughty
  businesswoman had been turned into a helpless sex slave. She had been pissed
  on, forced to lick pussy, fucked with a dildo, made to drink a bowl of cum,
  and subjected to relentless humiliation and degradation. I regretted in some
  respect that I hadn't had the opportunity to whip her and spank her, or tie
  those amazing tits of hers with rope but there would be time enough to explore
  those areas in the future. 
�I'm pleased with your progress, Jenny,� I said, looking down at my naked
  pet, �You've learnt a lot over the past hour don't you agree?� 
�Y�yes sir,� Jenny stammered, her cheeks red with embarrassment as she no
  doubt recalled all that had happened to her. 
�And what exactly have you learned, my little pet?� 
�Not to s�steal from you, master,� Jenny replied hesitantly. 
�Yes,� I said, �What else?� 
Jenny was silent. I could see she was biting her lip slightly, a sure sign
  she was thinking, trying to work out what I meant. 
I decided to be merciful - just this once. �What have you learnt about yourself,
  Jenny?� I said, giving her a hint. 
She looked up at me, the whites of her eyes wide, her face a picture of subjugation. �That
  I'm a dirty little whore, sir?� she said quizzically. 
Smiling, I nodded, �Go on.� 
�That I'm a worthless little slut who deserves to be humiliated and degraded
  like the piece of meat that she is.� 
�Well done, my little whore,� I laughed, �It seems like you have learned a
  lot.� 
�Thank you sir� 
I looked down at my naked slave, �Time for a reward, I think. You've been
  such an obedient little pet. Time, I think, to give the dog a bone.� 
I unzipped my pants and let them fall around my ankles, revealing my hard
  thick cock. Jenny looked up, her face almost level with the giant bulbous purple
  head, watching it twitch, seeing the precum drip from the tip. 
�Get sucking, whore,� I said, �NOW!� 
Jenny shuffled forward and grasped the thick shaft in her left hand. She then
  began to run her tongue round and round the head, licking up and down the shaft,
  before taking my cock into her mouth. I could feel her wet little mouth enveloping
  my prick, her lithe tongue rolling round the shaft. It was obvious the little
  slut had done this before many times. Her mouth definitely knew what cocks
  liked. 
I took a fistful of her hair in my hand and began to face fuck her, pumping
  my cock in and out of her mouth, feeling my dick slide into her throat with
  each thrust. With each thrust into her wet mouth, Jenny gave a grunt as my
  crotch slammed into her. Every so often, I forced my cock down her throat right
  to the hilt, pressing her face into my pubes, making Jenny splutter and choke
  as my long hard dick filled her gullet. After each of these forced throat fucks,
  Jenny pulled her mouth off my cock, coughing, thick strands of saliva hanging
  between her lips and my penis, drool running down her chin. Her respite was
  short-lived however as each time I pulled her head up with her hair, forcing
  her mouth back onto my cock for more sucking. 
Jenny sucked me for about two or three minutes, her head bobbing backwards
  and forwards as I face fucked her. Spit covered her chin and dripped down over
  her boobs. Her face was covered in sweat, the make up round her eyes smeared. 
Eventually, I decided it was time I had a piece of her ass. I slapped her
  across the face and ordered her to stop sucking. Obediently, she withdrew,
  gasping for air. I took my cock in my hand and began to slap her on the mouth
  with it, beating it rapidly on her slutty lips. There was a pleasing thwack,
  thwack, thwack as my hard spit-covered cock smacked down over and over again
  on her face. 
I ordered Jenny onto her knees and told her to get her face on the floor,
  ass towards me. She obeyed, her pert buttocks raised, exposing her tight little
  asshole as ripe for fucking. I ordered Jenny to use her hands to spread her
  buttocks for me and open her asshole wide for me. Like the good little petslave
  she was, Jenny reached round, her face to the floor, and pulled her smooth
  ass cheeks apart, opening up her sphincter for me. Kneeling on the floor behind
  me, I guided my hard erect cock towards her asshole with my hand. The tip of
  my cock teased her gaping asshole for a moment and then I rammed it into her. 
Jenny squealed, her cries muffled by the carpet. Oblivious to whatever discomfort
  and humiliation she was feeling, I pumped into her, ramming my cock into her
  rectum, feeling her tight little asshole close around my shaft. Jenny's whole
  body rocked with each thrust, and she moaned each time I tore into her. Her
  face rubbed on the carpet, her features contorted in humiliation and pain.
  The partygoers cheered me on, one of them stepping forward to tip his glass
  of beer over the anally raped slut's head as I assfucked her. 
After two or three minutes of fucking her tight little asshole, I decided
  it was time for me to sample her cunt. I withdrew from Jenny ' s ass and ordered
  her onto her knees and to lick my cock clean. Dutifully, Jenny started to suck
  my cock again, licking her anal juices off my penis. 
� While you ' re there, slut, � I said, smiling as she licked my cock clean, � Suck
  my balls. � 
Jenny ran her tongue down my shaft and expertly took my left ball into her
  mouth, sucking hard, rolling it round in her mouth. She then moved onto my
  right ball, my hard cock lying on her face as she did so. 
I grabbed Jenny ' s hair and eased her off my balls. Turning round, I bent
  over, and spread my buttock cheeks for her. I then ordered Jenny to lick my
  asshole. I felt Jenny ' s nimble tongue flick inside my asshole and the soft
  skin of her face pressing against my ass cheeks. Expertly, she fucked my asshole
  with her hard little tongue, running the tip around the sphincter muscle. God,
  this girl was a submissive little whore! 
I then ordered Jenny to climb onto a nearby table. She obeyed and lay there
  naked, face up, her legs dangling over the side. I moved between her legs and
  began to rub her inflamed slit with the tip of my cock. She whimpered like
  a dog on heat as my cock rubbed up and down her slit. Her cunt was sopping
  wet. The little tramp had clearly been turned on by her humiliating treatment. 
I began to pump my cock into Jenny ' s accommodating snatch. With each thrust,
  the little whore moaned, tossing her head back and forth, her hair splaying
  out on the table top, eyes closed, licking her lips, nipples erect, wriggling
  around, her hands running over her body, playing with her tits. I began to
  increase the frequency and power of the thrusts into her. The whole table was
  shaking as I rammed into her. Jenny ' s squeals became louder and louder. I
  could feel her tight little cunt contracting around my shaft. 
I could feel myself starting to come. Quickly I withdrew and moved up to Jenny
  ' s head, thrusting my wet cock between her lips. Jenny began to suck on my
  dick once more, desperate to suck all the cum out of it. I could feel the cum
  building up in my balls so I pulled my cock out of her mouth and aimed at her
  slutty face. 
A shower of thick white cum splattered over her face, pooling in her eye sockets,
  splashing over her nose, pouring over her lips. I squeezed every last drop
  out over her, leaving her face plastered in semen. I began to run the cum-dribbling
  head of my prick over her lips, pushing it into her mouth, forcing her to suck
  out the last drops of cum. Hungrily, the cumpig sucked at my cock, savouring
  every last drop. 
I looked down at Jenny, lying naked on the table, her face plastered in cum,
  wriggling and writhing, running her hands over her breasts and fingering her
  slit. In just the space of a few hours, I had succeeded in turning this self-assured
  respectable executive into a cum-soaked whore, a sex slave, a fucktoy. 
� Jenny, � I said, � I hope you ' ve learnt your lesson. You thought you were
  cleverer than me. You thought that you could steal from me and get away with
  it. How could a stupid little whore like you expect to outsmart me? Look at
  you - naked, humiliated, your face dripping with cum. You are my slave. My
  pet. My slutty little whore. And that ' s the way you are going to remain.
  This is just the beginning. Remember that. You are my slave forever. Now clean
  yourself up, you fucking tramp. � 
Jenny began to wipe the cum off her face with her hand, scooping the thick
  sticky semen onto her fingers and transferring it to her mouth. Hungrily, she
  drank it down, licking her fingers to make sure she drank every last drop.
  When she had finished, I picked up an ice bucket full of melted ice water and
  threw it over the nude slave to wash off the remnants of the cum. Jenny squealed
  as the ice water splashed over her face and streamed over her tits, belly and
  crotch. She lay exhausted, broken, defiled on the table, breathing heavily. 
I nodded to a group of waiters watching from the corner of the room. They
  walked across to Jenny and grabbed an arm or leg each. The waiters picked the
  limp slave up and carried her across the room to another table covered in a
  white tablecloth. Jenny did not resist, simply hanging there limp in their
  grip, helpless to resist. Roughly they dumped her on the table. Jenny lay there,
  snivelling like a whipped puppy. 
� It ' s not over for you yet, slut, � I said, walking over to Jenny and stroking
  her hair. She looked up and I could see her newly learnt submissiveness in
  her brown eyes. � It ' s time for these people to have some fun with you, � I
  continued, � First the women and then the men. Have fun, fucktoy. � I stepped
  back, saying, � She ' s all yours, girls. � 
Chapter 6 - Animal House 
The women began to move towards the table and surround her. They swarmed around
  her - there were too many to count, but maybe twenty, maybe thirty. All of
  them were smartly dressed in their party attire, some of them wearing cocktail
  dresses, some more formal wear. There were beautiful young blondes, statuesque
  black women, raven haired beauties aged between 18 and their mid forties. Jenny
  moved her head to look at these women - women who she had once been like: executives,
  doctors, lawyers, career women. No doubt the contrast between these smart self-possessed
  women and herself - a plaything, a fucktoy, a sex slave - made her situation
  all the more degrading. Once she had been like them. Not any longer. 
The women gathered round her, giggling, chatting, pointing at her and making
  lewd and cutting comments: �What a slut�; �Big-titted bitch�; �Look at that
  wet pussy�; �Whore�; �Fat pig�. They leered down at Jenny, looking at her with
  a mixture of curiosity, lust and contempt. The women directed their lewd and
  obscene remarks to every part of her unclothed and vulnerable anatomy, commenting
  on her tits, her pussy, her ass, and recalling all the things that had already
  been done to her and all the dirty things Jenny had done. As they spoke, Jenny
  no doubt remembered in vivid detail all the degradation and defilement she
  had been subjected to over the past few hours - all the horrible things that
  had been done to her and with her - and trembled at what these women, clearly
  sexually excited by what they had already seen, might do to her. 
The women looked at each other, anxious to begin their defilement of Jenny
  but in a strange way not wanting to start. They wanted to savour this moment,
  drink in the sight of these helpless naked slut writhing and wriggling in front
  of them. At last, one of the women - a redhead with long straight hair and
  a revealing white cocktail dress - reached down and grabbed Jenny's left breast,
  kneading it between her fingers, tweaking and pulling the nipple. Jenny moaned
  and another woman - a black lady with large bulbous breasts - reached for Jenny's
  right tit, squeezing the flesh in her hand. Almost at once, Jenny felt a number
  of other women begin to paw and fondle her. All over her body, she felt countless
  numbers of hands roaming over her, stroking the sensitive flesh of her legs,
  kneading her tits, fingering her wet slit, running over her belly, squeezing
  her ass. Jenny began to react to the fondling, arching her back, groaning in
  pleasure, her skin tingling from all the fingers running over her sensitive
  flesh. 
� Look at this fucking slut, � commented one of the women, a beautiful blonde
  with long straight hair cascading over her tanned shoulders, � Getting turned
  on by this. � And saying that, the woman leant over and spat directly in Jenny
  ' s face. A large gobbet of saliva spattered onto the bridge of Jenny ' s nose.
  Another woman leant over and spat in Jenny ' s face, then another, then another.
  The women took turns showing their contempt and disgust for the naked whore
  in their power, spitting in her face. Soon Jenny ' s face and hair were soaked
  in spittle, blobs of spit running down her hair, pooling on her face. 
One of the women bent over and slapped Jenny across the right cheek, shouting � Whore � as
  she did so. Another woman slapped Jenny ' s left cheek. Still another began
  to whack Jenny ' s tits while another spanked Jenny ' s pussy with her hand.
  Jenny wriggled and moaned on the table, helpless to resist the humiliating
  onslaught. 
I loved the playful cruelty with which the women treated Jenny. It was so
  different to the lazy sexual abuse which I knew my pretty little slave would
  be subjected to once she was handed over to the men. The women were so much
  more imaginative than the men when it came to humiliating and degrading slaves.
  I had read somewhere that the worst thing that could happen to a captive of
  Native Americans was to be handed over to the women. Seeing the women at the
  party playing with Jenny, laughing and joking, teasing her, toying with her,
  abusing her, I could see why. 
A statuesque brunette began to rub Jenny ' s moistened slit, teasing her cuntlips
  open and letting her fingers slide inside the moaning slut ' s pussy. On the
  other side of the table, a beautiful black chick followed suit and soon the
  two women were frigging Jenny, their fingers squelching inside the prostrate
  whore ' s sopping cunt, now stretched wide open by their probing fingers. A
  cute black haired gal leant over and sucked Jenny ' s right nipple, teasing
  it between her teeth, pulling on the soft sensitive skin, causing Jenny to
  squeal, half with pain, half with pleasure. Another black girl, her long dark
  hair falling over her shoulders and down over her beautiful firm breasts, straddled
  the helpless slut and, lifting her skirt, lowered her shaved snatch down onto
  Jenny ' s face. I watched as Jenny ' s tongue poked upwards, searching for
  the black girl ' s clit, probing in and out of her vagina. At the same time,
  the two girls frigging Jenny were easing their fingers deeper and deeper into
  the wriggling slave, their digits becoming wetter and wetter from Jenny ' s
  pussy juice. 
The black girl began to grind her cunt over Jenny ' s face. Jenny moaned,
  her groans muffled by the black girl ' s pussy pushing down on her face. By
  now, Jenny ' s legs were being held wide open by some of the women and the
  girls who were frigging Jenny had inserted all of their fingers into her gaping
  cunt and were moving them rapidly in and out of her grotesquely exposed pussy.
  Meanwhile, Jenny ' s tits were getting attention from some of the other girls
  who were licking, sucking and biting them. 
After a few minutes, the black girl came, her juices flooding over Jenny '
  s face. Lifting herself off the tortured slut, the women grinned as they saw
  Jenny ' s face, contorted with pain and pleasure from her humiliating treatment.
  The other women also stepped back and watched with amusement as Jenny writhed
  naked on the table, her body aching from the treatment she had received. Her
  hands ran down her belly to her cunt and she began to finger herself, desperate
  to cum. 
One of the women, a pretty blonde about 21 years old, grabbed a fistful of
  Jenny ' s hair and tugged on it, forcing Jenny to roll over and off the table
  onto the floor. Jenny landed with a thump on the floor, her knees buckling
  under her, falling face down onto the carpet. The blonde straddled her, her
  nylon clad legs rubbing against Jenny ' s thighs, still holding her hair, pulling
  Jenny ' s head up. The powerless slut squealed as she was pulled to her hands
  and knees, her back arched, tits dangling. 
� You nasty little whore, � snarled the blonde, tugging at Jenny ' s hair, � Trying
  to finger yourself, to make yourself cum. � The blonde pulled Jenny, struggling,
  to her knees, holding her head tilted back with her hair. Whilst she was held
  in this position, another of the women knelt in front of the helpless slave
  and used an eyeliner pencil to write � COCKSUCKER � in big black letters on
  Jenny ' s forehead. Giggles erupted from the watching crowd of women, who began
  to excitedly chatter and demand their turn to write something humiliating and
  demeaning on their naked captive. 
Jenny was dragged to her feet and held steady by her wrists by two of the
  women whilst the women thronged around her, holding lipsticks and eyeliner
  pencils, all eager to scrawl degrading words on the nude slave ' s flesh. 
�Noooooo, pleeeeeeease,� squealed Jenny, struggling half-heartedly in the
  grasp of the women, �Don�t. Please don�t.� Gleefully however, the women defiled
  her flesh with obscenities, helpless to resist. 
Jenny ' s naked body proved quite the canvas for their perverted human graffiti.
  On her left cheek, someone scribbled � CUM HERE � with an arrow leading to
  Jenny ' s mouth, now obscenely framed in a thick layer of red lipstick. Her
  right cheek simply bore the inscription � SLUT � . Both Jenny ' s nipples and
  areolae had been covered in scarlet lipstick. Across her cleavage, the word � CUM
  DUMP � had been scrawled in lipstick. On her back, there was a big arrow drawn
  in eyeliner pointing to her asshole; the sign on the arrow read � COCK HOLE. � Across
  her belly were a number of words: � PIG � ; � WHORE � ; and � SLAVE. � 
The women walked Jenny across the room through the guests to a full length
  mirror so that she could fully appreciate the body writing. I watched as Jenny
  absorbed what had been done to her and smiled as tears of shame trickled down
  her cheeks. 
The spectacle of Jenny ' s continued humiliation was too much for some of
  the guests who could no longer contain their urges. Around the room, a number
  of men and women had paired off and were fucking. Jenny was led back on all
  fours to the table where she had previously been abused. In her absence, a
  black couple had taken the opportunity to fuck each other on the table, the
  girl leaning back, her skirt hitched around her thighs as a muscular black
  guy, his trousers round his ankles, pumped his cum into her. Having shot his
  load, the man stepped back, his cock still oozing cum. Thick gobbets of semen
  were visible on the girl ' s pussy. 
Jenny was forced onto her knees and ordered to clean the black girl ' s pussy.
  The black girl leaned back on the table, opening her legs wide, showing her
  sopping pussy, wet with cum and her own juices. Jenny shuffled forward and
  buried her face in the girl ' s sticky crotch. She began to lick and suck at
  the girl ' s vagina, slurping all the sticky cum out of the pussy. Leaning
  back to take a breath, the guests laughed as they saw Jenny ' s sticky face
  glistening with male and female juices, the writing on her face beginning to
  smear from the lubrication. A viscous strand of cum and cuntjuice dangled from
  her chin. 
� Get your fucking face back in that pussy, � snapped Amy, who was now standing
  behind Jenny. With her foot, Amy pushed Jenny ' s face back into the black
  girl ' s crotch. There was a muffled moan as Jenny ' s features were ground
  into the hairy pubes of the girl. Unable to resist, Jenny started to suck out
  the cum once more. 
After a minute or so, Jenny had drained the black girl ' s pussy of cum and
  Jenny slumped to the floor, exhausted and degraded. All around the naked slave,
  the guests were indulging in all manner of sexual activity. Some couples were
  fucking, others giving each other blowjobs, whilst some men were staring intently
  at Jenny, wanking themselves, getting their cocks hard in preparation for their
  imminent assault on the helpless slave. There were a few girls kissing and
  fondling each other. 
Whilst watching Jenny ' s humiliation, I had been getting my cock sucked by
  Amy. Despite liking the taste of a woman now and then, Amy loved giving blowjobs
  and her tongue was working its magic on my cock. It wasn ' t long before I
  filled her hot little mouth with my cum. 
Amy smiled, a blob of cum dribbling down her chin. She opened her mouth to
  show me her tongue, completely covered in thick sticky cum. Then, closing her
  mouth but not swallowing, she moved over to Jenny, who was still lying breathing
  heavily on the floor. Amy rolled Jenny over and squeezed Jenny ' s cheeks with
  her fingers, forcing her mouth open. She then lowered her mouth towards Jenny
  ' s and opened her lips, allowing a thick viscous mixture of cum and spittle
  to pour into Jenny ' s gaping mouth. Jenny coughed and spluttered as the sticky
  white goo poured flowed over her tongue and down her throat. Trails of the
  cummy spit trickled down her cheeks and chin. 
Watching this, I could also see the men in the room getting restless, moving
  closer to the nude fucktoy, obviously keen to abuse Jenny. I made a sign to
  Amy and she grabbed Jenny by the arm and pulled her to her feet, guiding her
  onto the table where she lay once more on her back, her naked body still defiled
  with the body writing, her face wet with spittle and cum. 
A group of men began to gather round the table. Some of them were already
  naked. Others had simply dropped their pants round their ankles. All of them
  had hard erect cocks which they were fondling and pointing towards Jenny. They
  looked at each other, grinning, smirking, eager to pump their loads into and
  over the slut at their disposal. 
Suddenly, one man, standing to one side, grabbed Jenny by her hair and leaned
  her head over to his enormous erect cock. Without ceremony, he forced his thick
  shaft into Jenny's mouth and began to face fuck her, pumping his cock in and
  out of Jenny's mouth. Her moans were stifled by the cock filling her mouth
  as the man's balls banged back and forth on her chin. 
Other men joined in. Two men grabbed Jenny's ankles and pulled her legs as
  far apart as they could. Her vagina was obscenely stretched open and exposed.
  A muscular black man stepped forward and rammed his enormous cock into Jenny's
  vagina. He began to pump into her, his penis sliding in and out of her lubricated
  pussy, rocking her body back and forth. 
Another man climbed onto the table, straddling Jenny, and placed his cock
  in her cleavage. Pushing her tits together with his meaty hands, he began to
  titfuck the abused whore, moving his crotch back and forth, rubbing his cock
  in her cleavage, the head of his penis moving up and down between the fleshy
  globes of Jenny's breasts, the precum oozing from the tip smearing the body
  writing on her cleavage. Other men gathered round Jenny. Six or seven of them
  were standing around her head and began to slap their cocks on Jenny's face
  as she continued to suck the hard cock in her mouth. Another two guys standing
  by her side began to rub their cocks on Jenny's erect nipples. Still other
  men groped and fondled Jenny's flesh wherever they found it - her belly, her
  thighs, her legs. 
Jenny was now firmly held down on the table, her ankles and wrists held tightly,
  her legs and arms spreadeagled wide, her body naked and exposed to whatever
  perverted desires the men had in mind. Jenny was now truly a party animal,
  a once confident and powerful executive reduced to the level of a helpless
  fucktoy. 
None of the three men using their cocks on her took long to finish. The cock
  in her mouth came first, Jenny's mouth filling up with spunk as he came. Seconds
  later, the man wanking himself between her tits came, a huge shower of hot
  cum spraying over her tits and face. Almost simultaneously, the man fucking
  her came and she felt his load fill her cunt. 
As they came, the men stepped away and immediately their places were taken
  by other men. Three new cocks were inserted into Jenny's mouth, cunt and cleavage.
  And when those men came, another three men replaced them. Jenny was now purely
  a fucktoy, a piece of meat, a cumdump. Man after man used her naked flesh,
  covering her with their hot cum. 
Jenny was soon a cum covered mess. Streams of cum oozed from her mouth, running
  down her chin, and collecting in pools on the table, soaking her hair. Her
  face and tits were splattered with cum from the men wanking themselves between
  her tits. Jenny's pussy was saturated in cum, her pubes soaked, cum pouring
  out from between her inflamed lips. 
Some men clearly could not wait for their turn with Jenny's mouth or cunt.
  One guy stepped forward and wrapped his erect cock in her long hair, rubbing
  it round and round his prick until he came, his thick discharge pouring over
  Jenny's scalp and forehead. Some of the guys simply wanked themselves off over
  her face, tits or belly. No area of Jenny's pretty face was now clean. Her
  face was plastered in cum and her body was spattered from head to foot in semen. 
Eventually the men were finished with Jenny and they stepped back, admiring
  their handiwork, chatting among themselves, getting dressed. I walked over
  to the table and looked down at Jenny lying naked on her back, covered in semen,
  her body still stained with lipstick and eyeliner, the words now smeared from
  the deluge of bodily fluids that had been poured over her. I smiled broadly
  as I watched Jenny writhing and wriggling in the pools of cum, her hands between
  her legs, frigging herself like the whore she was. 
� I hope you ' ve learnt your lesson, slut, � I said, � You are now mine to
  do with as I wish. You are my slave, my pet. From now on, you will do exactly
  as I say without question. Understand? � 
Jenny looked up at me. Her eyes were bloodshot from all the cum that had been
  shot into her face. Wearily, she opened her mouth. Sticky trails of cum dangled
  between her lips and her voice was muffled as she spoke, bubbles of cum forming
  and popping in her mouth as she did so. 
� Y � yes sir, I am your slave. � 
� Good girl, � I smiled, � Now I want to see you in my office at 8 sharp.
  I want you looking your best. We have a business meeting later in the day with
  an important client. Don ' t be late. � And then I turned and walked away,
  leaving her there, naked, cum covered, humiliated. 
Chapter 7 - Office Pet 
I don ' t know how Jenny got home - and frankly I don ' t care. But like the
  good little slave she now was, at 8:00 am exactly, there was a timid knock
  on the door of my office. 
I waited a minute or so before telling Jenny to enter. Slowly the door opened
  and Jenny nervously entered my office. I waved to her and bade her approach
  my desk. Slowly, hesitantly she walked over to me and stood apprehensively
  in front of me. 
I leaned back in my leather reclining chair to get a long look at her. And
  what a contrast to the cum covered slut from the night before. Jenny looked
  immaculate, her brown hair flowing onto her shoulders, her makeup (dark eyeliner
  lightly applied and just a trace of lipstick) complementing her black figure-hugging
  jacket, white shirt, tight knee-length skirt, stockings and heels. She looked
  every inch the perfect business woman. No-one would have suspected what she
  had been through only hours before. 
I allowed myself the luxury of feasting my eyes on her. God, she looked good!
  I could feel my cock twitching at the very sight of her: those firm breasts
  straining against the fabric of her shirt, the way her tight skirt clung to
  her pert ass, the sheer stockings covering those wonderful legs, the come-to-be
  eyes, those lips perfect for cocksucking. 
�Nice, Jenny,� I said appreciatively, �You clean up well, my little pet.� Jenny
  said nothing, nervously looking at the floor, avoiding my gaze. 
�Is that a trace of cum in your hair, my dear?� I said mockingly, looking
  at her tresses, �Couldn't you get it all out?� Jenny blushed at the reminder
  of what she was. 
�Okay,� I said, �Enough of the pleasantries. Get your hands on your head now.
  Legs apart. Do it!� 
Blushing, Jenny obediently placed her hands on her head and moved her feet
  apart so that her legs were wide apart. This had the effect of causing her
  to bend her back to maintain balance resulting in her breasts being thrust
  forward. 
�Good girl,� I said, running my eyes over Jenny, �Now listen closely. I won't
  repeat this. You are my slave, my pet, my whore. I can do what the fuck I like
  with you. I've caught you stealing and I have the evidence to send you to prison
  for a long time. I also have photos of you being humiliated and degraded last
  night. Any attempt to leave my employ or to disobey me will result in the evidence
  being sent to the police and the photos distributed on the internet and sent
  to your friends and family. Do you understand?� 
�Yes sir,� Jenny nodded, her face pale as the realisation of her position
  hit home. 
�And don't even think of going to the police and pretending you were forcibly
  humiliated last night. For a start, I felt between your legs when you were
  being used. You were so fucking wet, you slut. You were enjoying it. Secondly,
  everyone at that party will claim that you were there voluntarily. It will
  be their word against yours. And finally, if you tell the cops, I will make
  sure it goes to trial and every slutty little thing you did will be examined
  in minute detail. Understand?� Jenny nodded again. 
�Excellent,� I continued, �So let me tell you about your new position in the
  company. You will continue as CFO - you're too good to let go - but at a vastly
  reduced salary. You will also be my slave. Whenever I need to use you, I will
  call you and you will do exactly as I say. And finally, you will be employed
  to assist the company in winning sales, getting discounts from customers and
  otherwise doing whatever I consider is in the best interests of the company.� 
�I�. I don't understand, sir,� stuttered Jenny. 
I laughed. �Don't worry, Jenny,� I said, �You will. Oh yes, you definitely
  will.� 
It wasn't long before Jenny understood. Ever since that night, business for
  the company has improved significantly. Sales are up and so are profits. And
  its all down to my CFO, my pet, my slave Jenny. She is quite an asset to the
  firm. The customers and suppliers just love her. All you poor saps out there
  who spend days negotiating with clients for extra sales or arguing with customers
  over discounts, you're just wasting time and money. It's amazing how easy it
  is to get the best possible terms for your business when you offer your clients
  or customers a couple of hours with a pretty little sex slave in return. And
  some of the things that they do with her - I never imagined how kinky and perverted
  some of the people we deal with are! 
And so six months on, things couldn't be better. The board are very pleased
  with the way I've turned the company round over the last few months. I've had
  a raise, a bonus, some attractive share options - as well of course of having
  the extra pleasure of Jenny as my slutty little pet. Sometimes of course she
  has to do her job as CFO and I allow her to wear her business clothes. I wouldn't
  want her to lose her authority within the company after all. But on those days
  when I'm feeling a little horny or just want to exert my authority over her,
  I call her to my office for a private one-to-one meeting. Sure, we have to
  discuss financial matters now and again but more often than not, it's an excuse
  to mess with her. Take today for example: look at her, kneeling next to my
  desk, naked, hands tied behind her back, clothes pegs attached to her nipples,
  her ass still burning from the spanking I gave her this morning, a waste paper
  bin on her head covering her cum covered face, waiting for whatever I desire
  to do with her next. 
The phone rings. I answer it. It is our HR department. Apparently, someone
  in the accounts department has been caught fiddling her expenses. They tell
  me that she is only 19. A pretty little thing called Cheryl. What should they
  do, they ask me? 
�Leave it with me,� I smile. 
THE END? 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  fireball


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





