BDSM Library - Trapped in Stone




Trapped in Stone
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: John's soul becomes trapped in a small, penis-shaped statue by his mischievous girlfriend. Naturally he feels, smells, and tastes everything that touches the statue. And naturally his girlfriend exploits her new toy for fun and pleasure...
Trapped in Stone  -   (Fm, fd, humil, bd, creative)
by RH Music

May be copied by anyone to anywhere for any legal purpose whatsoever.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

She was part Syrian and part Egyptian on her mother's side, and 
part English on her father's side. Definitely the most exotic 
person he had ever had the opportunity to call his girl friend. 
It was a magical and potent mixture.

They met in a bar on campus. She walked up, sat down, and 
introduced herself as Surrain, "But just call me Surrey," she 
said with a smile. Her eyes had a twinkle that entranced him. 
"You are beautiful," he replied, then, after gawking a bit, 
"Oh, and my name is John Barrows."

That night, and the night after, they stayed together in his 
dorm room, in delighted exploration. John was completely 
entranced, she was a taut bundle, inventive, cute, and fun. The 
third night, they agreed to go to her place.

"Wow!" John exclaimed as he entered. He stepped in an took a 
tentative step towards the middle of the room. "This is an 
incredible apartment!" The room was nearly a museum, with 
elegant glass display cases of the netsuke, jade carvings, 
ivory sculptures, Egyptian coins, and other artifacts.

"Thanks!" she said. "It all belongs to Daddy. He's an art and 
antiquities dealer. Those are all really just indefinite 
loans," she explained. "He travels all over looking for 
available antiquities, especially visiting estate sales and 
things like that, where important finds are occasionally 
brought to light." She took him on a tour of the apartment. 
Each sculptures had a fascinating background and story, of 
gods, humans, quests, curses, and capturing souls.

Eventually they wandered into the bedroom (which was relatively 
bare by comparison), stepped close, and tentatively began to 
kiss.

= = = = = = = = = = = = =

That night John woke with a start. He sat bolt upright and 
looked around. "Surrey?" he whispered. She didn't appear to be 
in the bed or in the room. John felt over to her pillow, and 
touched a small stone object. 

In the dim light, he could tell that it was a small ivory 
statue, about the size of his thumb, but thicker, with an 
oblong shape. It was a man, about 3 inches tall, squatting on 
his knees on a small pedestal, arms by his side, leering. 
Overall, it was shaped like a bullet... or a penis. John chuckled 
and looked at it more closely, if this was a fertility statue, 
then it should have... and there it was. The man was sporting an 
oversized penis which lay flat against his stomach, pointing 
straight up, carved into the side of the statue. "What will she 
think of next?" John wondered if Surrey masturbated with it. 
The thought was exciting.

As John studied the statue, he lay back down and, starting to 
nod off, rested the figure on his chest. As he dozed off, the 
figure began to warm, the carvings appeared to gradually melt 
away, and, very gradually, reshape themselves...

= = = = = = = = = = = = =

"Oh Shit! It worked." Surrey stepped into the bedroom in the 
morning, She had spent the night on the couch in the living 
room. As she opened the room she saw that John was gone. And in 
his place, was a small statue, about 3 inches high.

John snapped awake at the sound of her voice and right away 
knew that something was very wrong. First, he couldn't move! 
His whole body felt like it was encased in plaster - although 
on the outside it felt naked, and sensitive. He shivered from 
the morning cold.

Second, he panicked when he realized he was not breathing, 
although he didn't feel like he was suffocating. "Is this what 
it feels like to die?" He wondered.

And finally, the bed looked huge! Instead of merely five feet 
wide, it looked 20 *yards* wide, and god knows how long. John 
was hysterical. He was completely immobilized, he couldn't 
talk, move, or breath. His mind whirled in frustration and 
fright.

"John!" she exclaimed, delighted at her new discovery, but a 
bit worried. "I never thought the legend was true! It was just 
a lark that I tried it." Surrey reach down and gently lifted 
the statue. John felt her warm, silky fingers close around him 
and warm him. His body had become incredibly sensitive, as if 
all 6 feet of his touch sensors had been collapsed into the 3 
inch statue. John calmed down a bit and forced his mind to 
settle. Surrey lifted him 30 feet into the air (to him), and 
then walked over to her dressing table.

For the first time, John saw his new form. They both studied 
the statue in the mirror. The carvings on the statue had 
changed. This time, they were John's features, a perfect 
likeness, except not exactly in proportion. In particular, the 
body was sculpted to be smooth and torpedo shaped, completely 
bald, about an inch and a half in diameter and 3 inches tall. 
John was squatting on his knees on a pedestal. The pedestal had 
a pencil-sized hole bored through it.

But worst of all, for John, was that he was carved completely 
naked. His penis was hard (and felt hard! Eternally hard) and 
was carved as this huge member pointing straight up towards his 
chin, alongside his stomach. Further, his nipples were large 
and extended, looking a bit ridiculous, almost as if he had 
slight breasts carved in, and his ass were exposed with a deep 
crack carved in. The statue, and John, had become pink ivory.

 "Oh John," Surrey felt she should be sorry for him, but she 
couldn't help being excited at the discovery. "I never really 
thought the legend was true! Daddy told me that this was the 
Iqasirra [ee-kah-SIR-ah], a statue designed to capture the body 
and soul of a slave as a plaything for an Egyptian princess. 
Since he calls me his Egyptian princess, he thought I should 
have it. It's the only one in the world... or rather, you are the 
only on in the world, that we know of. He acquired it last week 
from the estate of a British WWI general."

She covered her mouth with her hand, in shock. "This must be 
awful for you!" Surrey realized. She held the statue between 
her hands, gently warming it. John felt her fingers stoking his 
naked body. "The reason why I chose last night to try it out, 
was because of the lunar eclipse, which I know has played a 
role in Egyptian religious ceremonies. I guess I'm hoping that 
the next lunar eclipse will reverse the spell." John was 
grateful for some element of hope, although slim, he was glad 
there might be a way out.

"Unfortunately," she continued, "the next lunar eclipse, 
according to my friends in astronomy, will not be for another 4 
months, and even then we'll have to travel to California to 
view it."

John's heart sank. Four months! He was going to miss the entire 
summer, his last summer after college before he would start 
work. He looked at Surrey feeling despair.

She looked down at him. "I'm sorry John, I really never thought 
this would happen."  She held him close to her chest, trying to 
be comforting. John was in shock, unable to comprehend what was 
happening, expecting the whole thing to be a dream.

John felt his body nestle between her breasts, covered by a 
thin silky night shirt.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

The rest of the day was spent doing research. Surrain called 
her father, not explaining what had happened, but just asking 
for more information about the statue. He passed on several 
references and Surrey decided to check them out at the library.

After getting dressed to go out, Surrey looked at John trapped 
in the statue and wondered if she should take him. She wanted 
to compare the statue against pictures at the library, but 
didn't want it to be lost, or accidentally misplaced.

"What should I do, John?" She looked at him and noticed for the 
first time the unusual size of the carved penis. "That's 
curious" she muttered. It seemed the penis was a bit pinker 
than the rest of the statue.

"Wait!  I know!". She went to her jewelry chest and fished out a 
length of silk cord, threaded it through the hole in the 
pedestal, and hung the statue around her neck. "Now, I'll be 
sure never to leave you behind," she said. She lifted her 
shirt, slipped the statue inside, and left the apartment.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

This was unexpected for John. He had thought he'd be left on 
the shelf for the entire 4 months, going insane with boredom 
while trapped in the statue. Now, he was upside down, with his 
head and face nestled between Surrey's massive breasts, his 
head barely touching the top of the half-bra that she wore for 
support. As she strolled to the library, her breasts bounced 
up, gently enclosing his entire head and upper body, and then 
stroked down.

John was beside himself. He was always obsessed with breasts, 
and especially Surrey's breasts, which were full, ample, and 
firm. Now, he was practically encased in them, as they stroked 
his entire body. The sensations were just too much.

And his penis felt hard! Well, of course it was hard, it was 
carved to be hard. But now, it somehow felt hard and hot, and 
pulsing.

A friend called out and Surrey stopped to chat. On the last 
bounce as she turned around, her breasts had spread and then 
trapped the statue deep in her cleavage, John's head actually 
inside her bra. Her answers were a bit short, she was anxious 
to get to the library. He felt hot and moist, and smelled a 
mixture of animal sweat and perfume. Her breasts compressed 
around him. His penis was pressed hard against her warm baby 
smooth skin.

Eventually, she said good-bye to her friend and then continued 
to the library. As she jogged up the stairs, he was roughly 
bounced and rubbed between her bosoms and then John lost all 
control:  he orgasmed. No sperm came out, but the sensation was 
more intense than he had ever experienced. Electric shocks 
raced through his body and he blacked out for a minute from the 
sensory overload. "Oh jesus," he thought as he woke up, "that 
was incredible."

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

Surrey reached the section on Egyptian antiquities at the 
library and started scanning for books. Hidden in the stacks, 
she fished into her shirt and pulled the statue out to take 
another look.

She was surprised because the statue seemed to be a deeper 
shade of pink than she remembered. Holding up to the light it 
was definitely darker. How could this be?

Then she spied the penis. It was an even brighter pink. "Oh, my 
God!" she exclaimed, looking at it. She rubbed her hand over it 
and watched in amazement as the pink turned to red, still as 
hard as stone.

Her hand involuntarily jerked back. "This is weird," she 
muttered, watching the red gradually fade from the penis. "I 
wonder if I'm hurting him?"

Surrey again looked around, making sure that no one was 
watching. She felt a bit embarrassed to be playing with this 
obvious fertility god in public. Stroking another man's penis! 
Maybe it was just a statue, and only 3 inches tall, but it was 
still weird and somehow perverted.

But once she thought of it, she couldn't resist trying. She 
held John in one hand, and then gradually rubbed her finger up 
and down the carved penis. She was rewarded when the carved 
stone cock turned bright pink, then red, and then, for just a 
second or so, became a dark purplish color. After that, the 
color faded back to pink.

She sat down on the floor, her mind swirling. Yes, John was 
trapped in the statue, with some incredibly potent magical 
powers. Until this point, she had thought it might be all some 
trick played by John, in league with her father, although she 
knew intellectually that that would be impossible. But then, 
this was impossible too!

She steadied her breath, found the books she was looking for, 
and started studying. After a while she smiled, knowing now 
what John must feel, as she dropped the statue back inside her 
shirt, to nestle between her bosoms.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

As it turns out, the "Catalog of Egyptian Antiquities from 
Private Collections" was particularly helpful. In it, she found 
a description of the General who had found the statue and the 
curse surrounding it.

Originally, the statue was owned by an Egyptian princess, 
Sulemara, also known as the "Man Eater" for some of the 
particularly nasty things she had done to one or two of her 
princes. There was even a carved drawing, in her tomb, showing 
Sulemara stroking a penis-shaped statue. It is these two facts 
combined which led to the legend.

It was discovered, along with hundreds of other items by 
Egyptian archeologists in 1803 as they were excavating in the 
neighborhood of the Rosetta stone, probably it was originally 
hidden in a temple there by an Egyptian Priest who may have 
acquired it through personal service to the princess (or who 
may have stolen it). After discovery, it seemed to be merely 
cataloged and stored. Then, Brigadier General Lewis, well known 
for his admiration of antiquities, acquired it when Egypt was 
occupied by the British for a time during the second world war, 
apparently as a present from a local politician.

The Brigadier was apparently quite proud of the statue, 
although it was naturally too lewd to bring up in polite 
company. He ended up giving it to his only son, Robert, upon 
his graduation from Oxford.

Strangely, about 2 years later, the son disappeared while 
visiting home, and was later found, dead from exposure in a 
neighboring field. This strange occurrence was widely reported 
and the papers suggested that a curse from one of the 
Brigadier's Egyptian antiquities had been responsible.

Which brings us to the present, when Surrain's father inspected 
and purchased the statue from the estate of the Brigadier, 
who's widow had recently died at the ripe old age of 98.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

That night, after a whole day wrapped in Surrey's bosoms, John 
was ready for a rest. Surrey placed him on her bureau, had a 
shower, and then laid in bed reading. After a minute she looked 
up and saw the statue, with John trapped inside, looking at 
her.

"I wonder if you're cold?" she mused, as she stood up and 
walked over. She picked up the statue, thought for a second, 
and then opened a drawer. Inside was a jumble of bras, panties, 
tap pants, and other lingerie. She wrapped the statue in a pair 
of her silk panties, and then put him into the drawer. All her 
undergarments smelled of baby powder and perfume. "It's 
official, I'm in heaven," John decided.

"There, since I need to wear underwear every day, I will never 
forget you there."  With a wicked grin she reached down and 
began stroking his penis through the silk panties. The panties 
were all around him, so he felt his entire body caressed by 
silk. It only took about 15 seconds before he climaxed, for the 
4th time that day. She kept stroking, it was nearly painful 
because he was so sensitive.

After a few more seconds, Surrey stopped, closed the drawer, 
turned out the lights, and went to bed.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

John woke to bright sunlight as Surrey opened the lingerie 
drawer. "You are there!" she exclaimed, "I had convinced myself 
that it was all a dream." She lifted the ivory figure, 
disentangled it from a bit of panty lace, and then carried it 
to the kitchen. 

"I had thought I was dreaming too," John thought, in 
resignation. He was glad to have slept, however, for he was a 
bit afraid that he might not be able to in his new state. His 
dreams had been filled with exotic images of female figures, 
Egyptian princesses, and slavery. "Will I dream about these 
things every night?" he wondered. Thoughts of a slavish 
devotion to Surrain had insinuated into his dreams that night 
and caressed his frame him as he woke.

Surrey fixed a cup of coffee as she looked thoughtfully at the 
statue. The penis was just a little pinker than the rest. She 
reached out idly and stroked it. Instantly, it turned bright 
pink, then red.

"Rock-hard morning hard-on?" She asked, playfully. She took 
another look and was struck by an idea. Surrey jumped up and 
fetched some cold water from the refrigerator, and a paper 
towel.

Soaking up some water from the towel, she dabbed the water on 
the carved ivory penis.

Instantly, the penis lost all color, becoming a natural ivory 
shade of white.  "Wow!" she exclaimed, wiping the cold water 
off with a dry towel.

John, meanwhile, was trying to recover. "God, that's cold!" he 
shuddered inside, shivering. "What the hell is she doing: 
torturing me?"

"I have an idea, John," Surrey explained.  "I want to ask you a 
question. If the answer is 'Yes', then think sexy thoughts to 
make your penis get red." She paused for a second. "I hope this 
works."

Surrey sat up, brushed her hair out of her eyes, and then 
leaned over to look at John intently. "OK, first question, and 
by far the most important." She paused, "can you hear me, and 
do you understand me?"

After holding her breath for two seconds, a pause, and then .... 
Yes! The carved cock was getting pink, then red!

"All right!" Surrey clapped her hands and fisted the air. "We 
can communicate!" She applied more cold water to the penis, 
which quickly returned to ivory again.

"This is great," she exulted in her cleverness. "OK, now I'm 
going to ask you a series of questions, and I hope and pray 
that all of the answers are 'No'. Because, otherwise, we could 
be in serious trouble."

Surrey started her questions. "First, are you suffocating, or 
do you have trouble breathing when your face is covered?"  She 
looked carefully, held up a watch, but after 30 seconds there 
was no change. She was relieved. Of course, there were no 
apparent holes through which he could breath, but she was still 
glad that John appeared to be OK.

"Second, are you starving?" The mouth was just a carved 
indentation, so she had no idea of how to feed him if he was. 
Fortunately, after half a minute or so, there was no change.

"Does it hurt when you hang upside down?"  No change.

"Here's a strange question which I thought of last night:  Do 
you experience time any slower or faster than before?"  No 
change.

"Does it hurt when I pick you up or hold you?"  No change.

"Now, I've been wondering if we should notify your family about 
your problem. Only I'm sure they would never believe me. So, I 
was planning to just pretend that you are a missing person 
until we can figure out how to get you out of there. Do you 
object to that plan?"

John thought it over. He realized that he was completely 
dependent on Surrey, and that there was nothing his family 
could do to help. So, reluctantly, he agreed by thinking unsexy 
thoughts (ice cold water, rugby, and Margaret Thatcher). The 
penis showed no change.

"Good!"  She was very relieved. Then she smiled wickedly.

"Do you want to be my pendant when I go out Jogging?"

Surrey laughed. It had only taken 1/2 a second for the penis to 
turn bright red. She stroked the penis some more. "I'll go get 
ready!"

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

"Ms. Surrain must be the smartest person alive," mused John, 
grateful for the chance to communicate, however limited. The 
amount of relief he felt that someone could *listen* was 
enormous.

Surrey stepped out of the apartment and down the steps, put the 
cord around her neck and slipped the statue into her shirt. The 
face of the statue with John trapped inside rested on her 
sports bra. After a quick stretch, she took off.

"Oh Boy, [whomp!] this [whomp!] is not as [whomp!] fun as I 
thought [whomp!] it would [whomp!] be!" John thought. Each step 
and the statue bounced up and down, slamming down on Surrey's 
breasts, moving easily within the loose T-Shirt.

Surrey stopped. "This is really not working," she said to John, 
pulling him out. "Let's try this instead!" She hooked a finger 
into the sports bra, pulled it out, and buried the statue deep 
in her cleavage, between her breasts. As she let go of the bra, 
it tightened and squeezed her tits together, tightly trapping 
John and squeezing all around the statue. The breasts were so 
big in comparison to the statue, it was like being pressed 
between two large bean-bags, except that they were smooth and 
soft skin.

John was literally drowning in hot, sweaty tit flesh. All parts 
of his body were squeezed and trapped, rubbing deep in Surrey's 
cleavage.

Surrey patted her chest and took off jogging for a second time. 
The first jolt was enough to send John over the edge: he 
climaxed. But the intense, full-body massage continued, rubbing 
silky skin over his entire body from head to toe. His climax 
had just begun to subside, the peak had just been reached and 
passed, when he found the forced stimulation and intimacy 
getting him excited again! He fought it for a minute or so, 
then succumbed and climaxed again. There seemed to be no end to 
his orgasms. This must have be a side-effect of the magic which 
had trapped him, his new ability to feel such intense pleasure 
for longer periods of time and to stay so near the peak of 
orgasm.

"And to think," Surrey said out-loud. "I always buy my sports 
bras two sizes too small, just to make sure that everything 
stays put!" She giggled at the thought of this horny figurine 
trapped between her swinging breasts. "That lecherous little 
rock," she thought, "I bet I can think of some things to really 
blow a fuse or two!"

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

After a 4-mile jog, Surrey was finished. She disrobed on the 
way to the bathroom. The cock on the statue was a very dark 
purple. "Oh you poor thing!" she said in mock sympathy. "Here, 
let me take care of that for you." She stroked the carved penis 
and was rewarded when the purple peaked and then gradually 
faded to red, then pink.  "There now, isn't that nicer?"

Little did she know that it was John's 8th orgasm since the 
start of the jog. It had been, without a doubt, the most 
extended and mind-blowingly exhausting experience he had ever 
had. He almost lost track of where one climax ended, and where 
the next began. He was ready for a rest. Ice cold water would 
be wonderful.

As they entered the bathroom, Surry idly stroked the statue 
over her nipples, while kicking off her shoes. She took off her 
socks which landed to the floor with a splat, they were heavy 
with sweat. "I think we'll go to the physics lab today." She 
said out-loud. I have a friend there who might be able to help 
see what makes you tick.

"But first," she continued, "you'll be safe here!" And with 
that, she picked up her gym sock, wrapped it around john, 
literally dripping, and the stuffed the bundle into the toe of 
her sneaker. John couldn't help it, it was so rank and 
degrading that he orgasmed again.

Surrey stepped into the shower, giggling with how wicked she 
had become.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = =

The physics lab was a complete bust. The only reading of any 
kind which they got from the statue was a slight infrared 
emission. "Probably left over from your body heat." Jim told 
Surrey.

Jim was a nice friend, Surrey thought to herself, but she 
wondered how good at physics he really was. Anyway, the statue 
showed no magnetic, radioactive, X-Ray, alpha particle, radio, 
or electrical emissions of any kind.

Naturally John was mortified at being displayed in the open to 
this stranger. After all, he was completely naked! And there 
was nothing he could do, trapped as he was, to cover himself 
up. If only his figure didn't have such a large cock, such 
large nipples, and that leering expression.

Worse, Jim laughed out-loud when he first saw the statue, and 
would have called in the other grad students if Surrey hadn't 
stopped him at the last minute.

"Why do you think this thing has energy inside it anyway?" Jim 
asked.

"Well," Surrey hesitated, "because of this." She rubbed the 
ivory cock on the statue to a health pink. John just about died 
from embarrassment.

"Hey that's great!" John laughed at how over-the-top this 
trinket was. "But it's no big deal, just heat sensitive. Dozens 
of chemicals do that. Maybe it's a mood statue!" He laughed, 
thinking himself very clever.

Surrey rolled her eyes. Seeing that there wasn't anything more 
to do, she thanked Jim, put the figurine around her neck, and 
left the lab. "It might be a mood statue," she mumbled to 
herself, "but not in the way that you think!"

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

That afternoon, Surrey got a call from her friend Janice. "Come 
with us to a movie," Janice asked, "it's starring Daniel Day 
Lewis, hoot, hoot!" Surrey laughed and agreed to join them for 
a "Ladies Night Out". There was nothing else to do anyway, 
since it was Sunday night.

As she dressed for the evening (Jeans and a T-shirt), she 
wondered if she should bring the statue. "Do you want to join 
me for a movie?" She asked John. "You won't be able to see 
anything, 'cause I'll have to keep you out of sight."

Even though, John wanted to go. The penis turned red.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

After the movie, the clutch of girlfriends decided to get a 
late-night snack at a local diner. After the main course, they 
sat chatting over coffee and desert.

"Guess who I saw today, Surrey?"  Janice asked, looking like a 
tease. Janice was Surrain's closest friend. They had been 
roommates when they were undergrads. Janice was from New York, 
tall, thin, small sharp features, with short black hair.

"Who?"

"Why, Jim in the physics lab!" Janice showed a grin a mile 
wide.

"So?"  Surrey tried to affect an air of indifference.

"Well, he says you have an Egyptian fertility statue, which you 
carry with you. Is that true?" The other girls all looked at 
Surrey with naughty delight.

"That good-for-nothing gossip," Surrey grumbled, "I swear I'll 
kill him!"

"So, is it true?" April asked. April was Janice's current 
roommate. Her body was more fleshy and voluptuous, with larger 
bosoms and long brown hair.

"Yes, it is." Surrain sighed in resignation.

Meanwhile, John, hidden in Surrey's shirt, was listening to 
this conversation with trepidation. "Don't tell them!" He 
prayed to himself. He did not want to be exposed in front of 
these strangers in such a blatantly sexual and naked pose.

"Well, let's see it!" Cory was a former lab partner of 
Surrey's, who lived close by. Cory was athletic and tall. All 
of the girls joined in to the chorus. "Yes! Lets!"

Surrey realized that she could not ignore her friend's pleas, 
and she knew they would be offended if she became upset. So, 
Surrain reached in and pulled out the statue.

"Noooooo!" Thought John, in horror. He felt very, very small as 
he was placed on the table for all to see. Cold, shivering, and 
exposed. If only he didn't have such a lewd grin on his face! 
John nearly fainted from shame.

The girls spontaneously burst out in gales of laughter. The 
statue was so perverted, and the cock was so oversized, and the 
expression was so dirty, that they just couldn't help 
themselves. They all leaned closer to take a close look. John 
felt their eyes boring into them. He felt as if he were on 
display to the entire restaurant!

"Where'd you get it? Why are you wearing it? What's it for?" 
They were full of questions. Surrey tried to answer them all, 
explaining that it was a very rare and very old Egyptian 
artifact from her father, that it was a fertility statue 
intended to entertain Egyptian princesses, and that she carried 
it with her because of it's sentimental value. This didn't 
quite ring true to her friends, of course, but they let it go, 
imagining that Surrey kept it with her because she delighted in 
being depraved and rebellious.

April reached out to touch the penis. As she stroked it, she 
gasped when it turned a bright red. "Look at that!" she 
exclaimed. The other girls' eyes widened in amazement.

"Ummm," Surrey faltered, "Jim says that parts of it are heat 
sensitive, and so it change color when it gets warm." Surrey 
knew different, of course. Would her friends figure out the 
truth?

John's brain had frazzled completely. A recurring nightmare of 
his was now being realized:  naked, exposed, in the middle of a 
restaurant, unable to cover himself, trapped, with four 
beautiful women staring at him closely, and watching as his 
cock became bright red. He was mortified.

Delighted, all three of Surrey's friends reached over to stroke 
the statue. John felt three sets of fingers stroking all over 
his body, around the tip of his head (which was, unaccountably, 
very sensitive), over his back and ass, over his exposed and 
sensitive nipples, and (of course) up and down his cock, which 
quickly became dark purple, and then peaked as he quickly 
climaxed. "I am sick!" he screamed to himself, "I am getting 
off on being trapped and humiliated in public!"

"Why is it getting lighter?" Cory, the chemistry major, was 
fascinated.

"Jim thought that it might have two competing chemicals, so 
that after a point it would get lighter rather than darker." 
Surrey had quickly made that up, hoping Cory would buy it. 
"It's still something of a mystery..." she trailed off, hoping no 
one would notice.

"You know what it looks like," Cory continued, "it looks like 
it just climaxed!" Now, that was hilarious! John shrank in 
shame as they attracted the attention of the rest of the 
restaurant who looked over at the rambunctious girls.

"Let's try an experiment!" Cory exclaimed, reaching for the 
statue. Before Surrey could stop her, Cory had dunked it, head 
first, into her ice water!

The water hit John's body and chilled him to the bone. All 
color from the statue disappeared completely, and it turned a 
natural ivory color with no pink what-so-ever.

"Goodness!" April interjected. "It looks like the entire statue 
*is* heat sensitive, not just the... [she whispered aware of other 
tables nearby], the... [the other girls looked at her, 
snickering, knowing what she was going to say] ...the penis!" 
This brought on more giggles.

Both Surrey and John groaned. This was getting out of hand.

"Let's try this!" Janice reached out and plucked the statue 
away from Cory. Then she proceeded to dip the figurine into her 
tall, double amaretto cappuccino.

It was hot, but not scalding. The cappuccino had cooled to the 
point where it was drinkable. Still, the statue came out 
flushed and bright pink. Somehow, the penis was darker than the 
rest.

"Well, that proves it!" Janice said, "it is definitely heat-
sensitive."

Janice looked at the statue, now dripping with coffee and 
amaretto, getting lighter as it cooled off. Not wanting to 
waste any of the cappuccino, and not thinking about what she was 
doing, she put the statue in her mouth, and then noisily licked 
and sucked off all of the coffee.

Janice paused, the penis-shaped statue still half in her mouth, 
and looked at the other girls, wondering why they were staring 
at her with such stunned expressions. Then she realized what 
she was doing: sucking an ancient Egyptian dildo in public!

"Oh Jesus," she gasped, then quickly pulled the statue out of 
her mouth and hid it in her lap. The other girls started 
smiling, then burst out laughing. Janice looked around to see 
if anyone else in the statue had seen her display.

John, meanwhile, trapped in the statue, had just undergone a 
variety of experiences. First, fondled by three curious 
females, then dipped in ice-cold water, then dipped in hot 
scalding coffee, and then plunged whole-body into a warm mouth, 
which slurped and washed his whole body and all of his exposed 
and (formerly) private parts. "This must be what a spoon feels 
like," he mused, dipping with saliva from head to toe, and with 
a bright-red cock.

"Oh Janice, that was priceless!" April cried out, laughing so 
hard that tears were pouring down her eyes. "Let's see some 
more of that technique! I think I could learn something!"

Janice stuck her tongue out at them and put the statue back 
onto the table top. Her face was stop-sign red with acute 
embarrassment ("Serves her right!" thought John, himself also 
embarrassed and exposed). "I was just licking off the coffee," 
Janice tried to explain, sputtering. The rest of the girls just 
dissolved into more laughter.

"Here! It's my turn!" Cory reached out and grabbed the statue, 
her laughs subsiding. She turned slightly away towards the 
wall, so that no one else in the restaurant could see, and then 
started to tongue the tip of the ivory statue, on the head. 
Cory smiled and the other girls broke into more giggles at the 
display.

"Oooh baby," Cory joked, mocking sexual excitement, "I love it 
when you taste like decaf!" Her tongue swirled further around 
the figurine, as she gradually, but surely, sucked the entire 
body into her mouth, and then bobbed it in an out like giving a 
blow job to real penis.

John was unable to hear Cory's sarcastic comments, as her 
tongue wetly circled and washed around his head, over his eyes, 
nose, mouth, and ears. When Cory drew him completely into her 
mouth, he came right away, his whole body alive with deep 
humiliation and wet saliva stimulation.

"OK, Girls, girls!"  Surrey reached over and snatched the 
statue from Cory. "I think that that's enough. This is a rare 
artifact, after all. Please treat this penis with a little 
respect."

"Why should I?" countered Janice, "I certainly don't treat any 
other penis with respect!"

The evening had sunk to a new low.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

Later that night Surrey apologized to John. "It really got out 
of hand, I'm sorry. I'll have to avoid that sort of display in 
the future. Were you hurt in any way?"

She watched the statue carefully, but the carved ivory cock 
stayed the same light shade of pink.

Surrey settled down in bed and carefully examined the sculpture 
for damage. "It looks like you're OK." She paused for a second. 
"It must have been humiliating, to be exposed and naked like 
that in the middle of a crowded public restaurant... especially 
with three loud and giggling girls playing with you. I'm really 
sorry that you had to live through it."

John looked at Surrey staring down. His mind flashed to his 
experience in the restaurant, and, against his will, his penis 
reddened. John groaned inside, apparently just the thought of 
his degradation was enough to cause him to get excited.

Surry looked closer. "What's this?" she asked. John tried to 
think un-sexy thoughts, but failed. "Do you like being given a 
full-body blow-job?" She asked him, point blank. John gave up 
any attempts at control. The carved ivory cock turned a deep 
shade of red.

"Well, we can certainly help you there!" Surrey kissed the tip 
of the penis-shaped figure, then kissed it all over - over 
John's nipples, face, back, buns, toes, and cock.  Her kisses 
were warm and caressing.

Next, her tongue poked out, and started licking lightly over 
all parts of the statue's body. Over the head, down the side of 
the face, in and out of each eye, over the nose and lips, 
around the neck, playing lightly (but wetly) over the nipples, 
around the stomach, over each bun, wiggling into the ass crack 
as deeply as possible, and then up and down the penis shaft, 
and over the balls. John climaxed for the first time under the 
delicate stimulation as his every nook and cranny was explored.

Finally, Surrey drew the entire figure into her mouth, feeling 
each bump and curve on her tongue and cheeks. John felt his 
entire body being engulfed, completely surrounded by flesh, and 
tongue, and drenched with saliva. The stimulation was 
incredible, her whole mouth was alive, massaging, undulating. 
He quickly came a second time.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = =

The next morning Surrey joined Janice on her way to Aerobics. 
They both did Monday morning Aerobics at the College Gym, 
before concentrating on their grad-student studies for the rest 
of the week.

"My god," Janice exclaimed, "last night was a blast. I hope the 
statue was OK."

"It's fine," Surrey answered. "I couldn't believe you guys!"

As they changed into tights and leotards, Janice noticed that 
Surrey was still carrying the statue. "Are you still carrying 
that with you?"

Surrey looked up. "Yeah. It's sort of a good-luck charm."

"You lech!"

Surrey stuck out her tongue at Janice. "It's suppose to be a 
secret, you know."

They finished up and walked into the gym for the aerobics 
session. As the instructor started on the warm-ups, Surrey felt 
a little tug at the back of her neck. She turned around and saw 
Janice grinning at her. "What?" She asked.

"Oh, nothing!" Janice replied.  They started their warm-ups.

When they got to the jumping jacks, Surrain took two jumps and 
felt the statue begin to slither down the front of her leotard. 
"That horrible sneak!" Surry thought. Apparently, Janice had 
untied the string holding John around her neck.

The instructor called out, "What's wrong Surrey? Let's keep up! 
Jump higher!"

Surrey sighed, it was obvious that she couldn't stop to fix the 
string. She'd just have to grin and bear it. She continued her 
jumping jacks, and felt the statue work it's way lower and 
lower, every time she hit the ground.

John had felt the loosening of the string as soon as Janice had 
untied the knot. The statue didn't move initially, trapped as 
it was between Surrey's breasts and leotard. But it only took 
two bounces during the jumping jacks, and John broke free of 
the bosoms, and slid down her chest, deeper into the leotard, 
which felt like a tent to John, except that the floor was 
Surrey's hot and sweaty abdomen.

Surrey hoped no one would notice the little bulge working it's 
way down her stomach. It seemed to have reached the waistband 
of the tights and then stopped. Fortunately, everyone 
(except Janice, of course!) appeared to be concentrating on 
their exercise.

After jumping jacks there came a series of energetic stretching 
and working of various muscle groups.

"Oh!" Surrey exclaimed. During their left-right body twists, 
the statue had gradually worked it's way underneath the 
waistband of her tights. She dreaded what was coming next.

"OK! Running in place!" the instructor called out. The entire 
room started to jog energetically.

John felt the head of the statue work it's way into the 
waistband of the tights. When Surrey started to jog, each step 
seemed to drill the figurine deeper and deeper into the tights.

"What's that?" John wondered, feeling a little tickling around 
his face. "Oh my god! It's her pubic hair!" John came almost 
instantly (it was his 2nd time since the aerobics started). 

Each step of Surrey caused the statue to edge its way further 
and further in, working insistently into the crotch of her 
tights. His face was now buried in her pubic hair, like rolling 
in tall grass. As he worked further down, the tights and 
leotard became tighter and tighter, pressing his face and body 
harder and deeper into her crotch.

"More jumping jacks!" the instructor commanded. To Surrey, it 
seemed that the entire class was designed to move the statue 
into the most intimate and embarrassing position possible. 
"Higher Surrey!" The instructor scolded.

That was enough. Two high jumping jacks and the face of the 
statue dropped to the top of Surrain's pussy, where it was 
mashed into her clitoris by her tights and leotard.

"Oh gosh!" Surrey stumbled, dropping to her knee. The 
stimulating touch of the statue was far more powerful than she 
expected! She gasped, breathing deeply, and then weakly got 
back to her feet. "My god," she thought, "I almost came!" 
Surrey had never experienced nerve stimulation so strong, "is 
there something special about the statue which causes this?" 
she wondered, "or is it just that I've been horny for so long?"

The instructor and Janice both rushed up to Surrey. "Are you 
all right?" she asked.

"I'm fine," Surrey responded, trying to hide the suspicious 
bulge in her crotch. "Here, I can continue." She took a few 
test jumps, and then got back into the rhythm. The instructor 
and Janice both went back to their places.

Each jumping jack stretched the fabric of her crotch extremely 
tight, mashing the statue hard onto her clit, causing Surrey to 
gasp. After two more jumps: she came. Hard.

"Ohhh!" a groan spontaneously burst from her lips. She 
faltered, shuddered, but regained her balance and continued.

Seeing that something was definitely not right with Surrey, the 
instructor decided to slow down the pace. "OK, on your hands 
and knees. Now, stretch out your left leg behind you, 1, 2, 3, 
now your right leg. All the way, Surrey!"

Surrey was grateful for the slower pace, and now the bulge in 
her crotch would be less noticeable. Unfortunately, as she got 
onto her hands and knees and stretched out her leg, she 
realized that the stretching caused the statue to slide about 
an inch up and down her pussy slit, rubbing her clit 
maddeningly. 

John felt his head now engulfed by Surrain's pussy, with his 
entire head wrapped and enclosed with wet female sex. Surrey 
was extremely horny and her vagina was flowing copiously, and 
John was drenched with pussy juice, it had worked its way into 
every crevice of the statue. John's penis was rubbing up 
against the top of Surrey's slit, back and forth, over her 
clit. He orgasmed again. 

Two more leg stretches and Surrey came for a second time, this 
time even more powerfully. Her arms became rubbery the orgasm 
washed over her and she collapsed on the floor.

Surrey finally realized that trying to continue was ridiculous. 
She got up and quickly walked out of the room, red-faced. As 
she turned the corner out of sight from the class, she 
collapsed on the floor with a third orgasm.

The instructor walked over to Janice. "Do you think she'll be 
OK?"

"Oh, ah... sure!" Janice replied. She saw several faces of the 
class looking at her for an explanation. "Ummmm," Janice 
improvised, "She's just recovering from a stomach infection. 
Nothing to worry about!"

= = = = = = = = = = = = = =

That night, Surrey crawled into bed with her purse. She opened 
it up, unwrapped the ivory figurine, and examined it. Surrey 
started to get wet just from holding it. "My god," she said 
out-loud, "what have you done to me... I've become a 
nymphomaniac!"

After the embarrassment in the aerobics studio, Surrey had 
undressed and wrapped John tightly into her (very wet and 
soiled) used pair of panties, and then put the statue in her 
purse. John had stayed there, tightly wrapped with the smells 
of sex, perfume, sweat, and urine assaulting his sense of smell 
all day.

Surrey, for her part, could not get the statue out of her mind. 
She spent the day at the library chasing down reference 
material for her dissertation, mindless and tedious work. She 
was generally a disciplined worker, however, and with the use 
of check-lists she made it through the day and was mostly 
productive.

Occasionally, however, when her mind wandered to the 
sensations in the aerobics studio, she would freeze, and 
something approaching a mini-climax should shudder through her 
body. She would feel goose bumps rise, and her fingers might 
absent-mindedly reach into her purse to stroke the statue a few 
times before she came to her senses and quickly snapped it 
shut.

Sitting in bed that night, Surrey tried to figure out what to 
do. The first option was to have cold showers and try to put 
the statue aside. The second option was to use it as much as 
possible and perhaps the stimulation would wear off, or she 
would become tired of it. But what if she became truly addicted 
to it? Was it possible to become completely addicted to orgasms 
achieved from a dildo? Judging from the power of her orgasms 
this morning, it certainly seemed possible.

Her brain seemed to be locked up and totally frozen with 
indecision. She was in the process of trying to decide just how 
to make a decision when she noticed that her fingers, taking 
the initiative, were lightly stroking the statue. She watched 
her hand with amusement, operating independently of her brain, 
as it stroked and toyed with the shaft of the statue. As this 
continued, she realized that an electric sensation was passing 
down her arm and suffusing throughout her body, causing her 
nerve endings to tingle. It was a sensation of excitement, for 
sure, but more than that, she had a sense of urgency. A 
compelling sense of an urgent need, which seemed to be 
radiating from the statue.

Her left hand lightly worked it's way to her pussy and began to 
stroke her slit through the panties, lightly with her 
fingernails at first.

"What's happening to me?" She asked,  out-loud. "Is this what 
an addiction feels like?"

Surrey watched her hands, which operated like robot arms under 
some outside remote control. Somehow, she couldn't control 
them, or she couldn't bring herself to control them, the 
sensations were too strong. Her right hand was now rubbing the 
statue lightly over her nipples which thrust out, exposed. Her 
left hand had made now a deep furrow into her panties as it 
stroked ever more urgently over her sex.

Surrey felt her self control slipping away, gradually, as the 
statue and it's control over her body became absolute in its 
desire to excite and stimulate her. Being a fiercely 
independent and self confident individual, she held back, 
struggling internally to hold onto the hope that she could 
gather her wits and put the statue aside. But as the 
stimulation continued, she realized that it was a lost cause, 
and the statue began to control her in earnest.

Her fingers slipped under the waistband of her panties and 
slipped them off.  She tightly squeezed her legs together, 
stimulating her clit by the pressure. The statue worked its way 
from her nipples up to her mouth, where it lightly rubbed 
against her lips, before she started to kiss and lick it.

Meanwhile, John, trapped in the statue, felt sexual energy 
flowing everywhere Surrain touched. He had been increasingly 
frustrated all day long, feeling his energy gradually building, 
wondering why it didn't cause the statue to explode. As Surrey 
stroked him, he felt a rush of excitement, and came right away.

Then, as she started to kiss and lick the statue, John felt her 
lips surrounding his head, rubbing over his face. Her tongue 
was two feet wide as it trailed over his body, working it's way 
into every nook and cranny, washing his penis in saliva.

John knew what was coming next. Surrey gradually traced the 
statue down her body, between her bosoms, and, gently, 
tentatively, into the bush which was her pussy hair. John felt 
his face thrust wetly into her sopping pussy as the first jolt 
of energy passed between them. Surrey was so struck by the jolt 
that her body arched up at least a foot in the air.

"Arrg!" Surrey screamed! She had never felt a sensation like 
that before! It was like pure orgasm had surged between the 
statue and her clitoris. She pressed it urgently into her slit 
and stroked another quick orgasm to life.  "Oh god!" she said, 
as a third hummed its way through her body.

John felt Surrey spasming around him, and he climaxed as well, 
feeling his pent-up sexual energy flowing into Surrain. 
"There's plenty left" he thought. It had been a long and 
frustrating day.

Surrain gave up all pretenses, and thrust the statue deep into 
her pussy.

John was plunged head-first into the sopping wet pussy. He slid 
in easily, and her pussy walls surrounded his entire body, 
rubbing pussy juice and hot flesh over every millimeter of his 
body. He had been swallowed whole by a woman's vagina, with 
membranes pulsing, pressing, and oozing around him, with his 
head and face wedged into the deepest, darkest, wettest space 
of all.

Surrey frantically rubbed her clit while thrusting the statue 
into her vagina as deep as possible, so that John's head was 
bumping hard against her cervix. She climaxed a fourth time, 
this time the hardest of all. John felt the muscles around him 
clamp down hard, and then rhythmically grasp around him, pussy 
juices squishing around him, crushing him with its violent 
spasms.

Surrey relaxed against the bed, letting the orgasm wash over 
her and gradually ebb away, shivering with goosebumps. She 
reached down and pulled the statue out, which came out with a 
gush of juices that dribbled down, over her anus, and onto the 
bed.

Surrey was exhausted, and so was John. Her breath came out in 
gasps as she gulped air to try and recover. The statue lay 
against her thigh.

Somehow, the hand holding the statue began to move on its own 
again. Lightly rubbing the statue up and down her thigh, then 
over her pubic hair, then rubbing lightly against her clit.

"What am I doing?" she wondered wildly, somehow too wiped out to 
stop her own hand! "I am possessed! This could kill me!" But 
then she felt, deep inside, she did have another orgasm 
growing. A warm spot, deep inside her soul, was beginning to 
throb with pleasure.

This time, too exhausted to resist, Surrey gave up almost at 
once. She thrust the statue back into her wet pussy, where it 
slid in easily. Automatically her legs propped up to give her 
better access, with her ass raised slightly.

Then, without thinking, she did what she always did next with a 
dildo. She reached a hand down, underneath her leg and 
buttocks, and grasped hold of the statue from behind. Then she 
pulled it out, spread her buttocks, and pushed  the head of the 
statue to the opening of her puckered anus.

"NOOOOOO!!!" John screamed. But of course, Surrey couldn't 
hear. He felt Surrey press his head against her anus, this time 
with more urgency.

Surrey's anus was tingling. She liked being penetrated anally, 
and she felt a need. It was a deep itch which could only be 
scratched by being filled with a hard dildo as deep as 
possible in her anus.

The head of the statue, lubricated with pussy juice, was slowly 
worked past the sphincter muscle. John felt the incredibly 
tight muscle wrap around his head, wrapped so tightly there was 
no room for movement or wiggling, except to go deeper.

Surrey applied more pressure and the statue went deeper. The 
Sphincter was now tightly wrapped around John's upper body, and 
his head was completely engulfed. As he smelled and tasted his 
surroundings, he came.... HARD.

Surrey somehow felt his orgasm as a tingling electric pulse in 
her anus. She started rubbing her clit with her free hand and 
thrust the statue in deeper. Exhausted from her previous 
orgasms, this one took longer to build. One hand rubbing her 
clit with more urgency and pressure, and the other insistently 
pressing the statue deeper into her ass. 

John was now three-quarters of the way in. Surrey's tight anus 
was desperately clutching around his legs, with her intestinal 
walls were wrapped fully around his body. She groaned, pushed 
harder, and the entire statue was thrust up her ass. John 
climaxed a second time as he felt his entire body degraded and 
engulfed by Surrey's most intimate orifice.

That was enough. Surrey pressed hard on her clit one last time, 
and climaxed. This time the climaxed hummed through her body, 
causing convulsions of all her muscles, as she violently rocked 
back and forth. John was squeezed, rubbed, and brutally 
manipulated by the powerful contractions. He came again.

As Surrey gradually settled down, she began to shake and 
shiver. As she weakly pulled the covers tightly around her, she 
wondered at how exhausted she was... and in a few seconds she was 
asleep.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = =

The next morning, Surrey was incredibly apologetic as she 
washed the statue thoroughly under warm soap and water. John 
had spent the night thrust deep into her ass, completely buried 
from head to toe. He had come an additional 8 times that night, 
as Surrey moved, rolled over, squeezed her buns or intestinal 
muscles. "What kind of sicko am I?" he wondered.

As time wore on, Surrain was able to control her desires for 
the statue, with difficulty, although the first week was an 
exhausting masturbatory orgy. She eventually got on with her 
life and her dissertation. John went with her everywhere, 
either tied on a string around her neck, or sometimes (if she 
was feeling very wicked) tucked between her ass cheeks as she 
wore a tight girdle and a dress.

John lost track of the degrading situations which would cause 
him to orgasm. In her shoes, wrapped into her hair as it was 
made up into a bun, thrust deep into a sweaty armpit, dangling 
between her legs as she urinated, trapped between the groins of 
two sweaty bodies as she was fucked by a one-night stand with a 
huge penis. He loved it. Every day was a new position, a new 
degradation, and 5 more climaxes.

Eventually, on the night of the next lunar eclipse, John and 
Surrey were enjoying one last session, with the statue thrust 
deep, they both climaxed. This time the orgasm was predictable, 
practiced, and, as ever, addictive.

"I'm going to miss you" Surrey sighed, pulling the statue from 
her sopping pussy and giving it a long kiss. "I have had the 
most wonderful, pleasurable, and exhausting time. These four 
months have been incredible." She paused for a second. "But 
maybe this is for the best. Another month and I would have been 
worn out completely!"

"Hmmm... somehow, I doubt it." John thought to himself. Even with 
multiple orgasms a day, somehow he never lost interest, never 
lost the spark, and was never tired. "Egyptian magic," he 
thought simply, "is powerful."

Surrey got out of bed and went to the window of the room. She 
had reserved a weekend stay at a bread and breakfast on the 
coast. She saw the moon directly overhead, and knew it would be 
about two hours before the eclipse.

"Good night, my friend." She held John close to her bosom. 
"I'll see you tomorrow morning."

= = = = = = = = = = = = = =

The sun rose over the hills and covered the sandy beach below 
with long shadows. Early morning joggers padded down the beach 
at the edge of the ocean.

John rolled over and flopped his arm over his eyes, blocking 
out the light.

After a second pause, he opened his eyes, looking at his arm.

"Oh my god," he whispered, "It worked!  It worked!"  He shouted 
and sat up with joy. "Surrey!  It worked!"

John swung his arms about in gleeful abandon.

"Surrey! Where are you?"  John called for her, assuming she was 
in the bathroom.  "Surrey?" He looked around and briefly caught 
an image of Surrain in the mirror on the wall.

"Surrey?"  John turned around quickly, looking for her. "Wait!"  
He looked at the mirror again. There she was. Staring back. 
John lifted a hand. He looked at his fingernails.

They were painted, a nice shade of red.

"Oh no!"  He bounced out of bed, and, top heavy, he fell to his 
hands and knees. "Shit!"  He got up and ran to the mirror. 

There was now no doubt: John's spirit had been moved from the 
statue to Surrey's body. He stroked his face, and, shivering, 
looked down at his new (or borrowed) breasts. He felt the 
nipples tingle as he cupped each breasts and felt its heft. 
John turned and then, with two steps, jumped back in bed. He 
felt through the covers with nervous anxiety. "Where is it?"

He found it, the statue. The carving had definitely mutated, 
and now there was Surrey, carved in stone, with the silly grin 
on her face. The statue was still sporting a huge over-sized 
penis, but now there were also two huge oversized breasts 
carved in as well.

John eyes overflowed in  tears as he saw her. "Oh, I'm so 
sorry, I'm so sorry!"

John sat down heavy on the bed and held the statue to his 
bosoms. After a moment, his tears and frustrations subsided. He 
looked at the statue again.

The penis was red.

"Oh my!" John covered his (her?) mouth in surprise. "You're 
excited?" John reached out a finger (with red nail polish) and 
gently stroked the penis. It quickly became purple.

"Boy, I know what that feels like!" He stroked the penis some 
more. The purple peaked, and then receded.

Surrey, now trapped in the statue, had already been awake for 
several hours. When John ("who has stolen my body!" she thought, 
feeling a bit cheated and frightened) finally woke up, she 
watched as he eventually came to the realization that they had 
reversed roles.

What she hadn't counted on is reacting to John's pleasing touch 
so strongly. When he held her between his bosoms, her 
excitement grew and she felt.... Well, hard! The general urgency 
and addictive desire felt the same, but she felt the entire 
hard rod of penis tingling to be stroked. When John realized 
what was happening and caressed the statue's hard penis, she 
momentarily blacked out with the orgasm, and she swore she felt 
a powerful pulsing emanating from the penis.

The immediate urgency over, John looked at the stone figurine. 
Surrey looked back (being a statue, she was forced to), and 
they both considered their state.

"One thing I had always been wondering," John wondered, out-
loud, "was this:  What ever happened to my clothes? You know, 
John's clothes that night I was trapped by the statue? They 
were laying beside the bed, and I thought it was strange that 
the statue should capture both my body and my clothes..."

A pause. Surrey figured it out first, but she couldn't say 
anything.

"That's it!"  He shouted, "The English son! Robert Lewis!  He 
must have been trapped in the statue all this time, and we let 
him out. He must be using my body now! He put my clothes on, 
quietly left your apartment, and is probably back in England 
now...  Or, he could have taken over my life... or he could be 
running around the countryside, totally insane."

"That's definitely it,"  thought Surrey. "But what do we do?"

In answer to her question, John continued "Well, obviously we 
need to find him. I don't know how we can force him to give my 
body back, but we'll have to do something!"

John, now in Surrey's body, gave the statue a big, wet kiss and 
held it close. He looked at it, noticed the carved penis 
turning bright pink, and then smiled an evil smile.

"But first, since Robert Lewis has already had a 4 month head 
start, I don't see any harm in taking a few days of vacation in 
California." John smiled a wicked smile. "After all, I have a 
new feminine body to explore! And I want to do some clothes 
shopping, some jogging, nightclubs, maybe find a man to fuck, 
visit a health club... and of course..." John's smile turned 
positively wicked, "it's pay-back time for all those 
humiliating orgasms which you made me have!"

As he reached for the phone to extend the reservation, Surrey 
could barely contain herself. "Oh," she swooned, "this is going 
to be so much fun!" The statue's penis turned deep red and 
peaked.

(the end)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  RH Music


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





