BDSM Library - No Sin Goes Unpunished




No Sin Goes Unpunished
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Friends plan a rape/torture weekend never suspection a judgement day will come.
Prologue





	My name is Nina Lynn McCall and while I hate it with a passion you can
not even begin to fathom, I feel it is somehow my place to try and explain to
you how and why we came to the decision to abduct, torture, and repeatedly rape
Holly Ann Tyson; I would like to tell you that we were drunk at the time...or
high...I wish I could say it was one of those in the moment things that you do
without thought, driven by emotion rather than any rational actions; of course,
I know, even if we had been drunk or spaced out on some illegal drug, it
wouldn't alter the harsh reality that what we did was wrong in every since sense
of the word.  I just wish...I don't know.  I wish I could have some extenuating
fact or circumstance to try and make it seem less horrible...mainly I wish I
could offer myself an excuse to maybe ease some of the guilt I have carried in
the years since my circle of friends and I carried out those vicious,
unforgivable acts against a girl we chose to be our victim simply because we
believed she was somehow less than we were...the fact that she did not come from
a wealthy family, as we all did, made us believe it was okay to pluck her up and
use her to fulfill our twisted fantasies; we didn't think anyone would care
about her or what she suffered and we certainly never believed for a single
moment that Holly would go to the police once our games were complete, nor did
it occur to us that the day might come when Holly would seek vengeance on her
own accord.

	Of course, Holly and her desire to make us pay more or less jumps
somewhere into the middle of the story, and that isn't mine to tell...it is up
to me to relate to you how it all begin.  Almost innocently.  If innocents can
be factored into what we did.  I certainly did not think we would actually end
up planning and acting out the crime when the odd subject of rape came up late
one autumn evening as my best friends and I set in together in my bedroom,
listening to music and bitching about general teenage topics; school and our
parents...college applications...it was all fairly normal as I lay across my bed
flipping through a magazine as my oldest friend, Susan set on the floor, talking
about how her mother was considering more cosmetic surgery to try and ward off
the signs of aging for another year; it was another dull night, in my mind, so I
was looking for something to lighten up the mood a bit when I heard laughter
coming from the computer where my boyfriend set, checking out various websites
for the sheer hell of it as my twin brother, Adam, stood to his right and their
tag along buddy, Mark stood to the left, staring at the screen and with a grin,
I slipped from the bed to see what the fuss was about.

	"What the fuck..."  I couldn't help but cringe when I saw the screen; it
was a dark and disturbing images of a young, large breasted woman bound and
gagged with her legs spread wide apart, leaving her vulnerable and helpless as
two men forcefully sucked on her nipples and another shoved his large cock into
her clearly dry cunt; the expression on her face made it clear that she was in
horrific pain and I slapped Chuck hard on his firm shoulder as he laughed and
Susan shook her head.

	"You have got to check this shit out."  Adam laughed as he looked up at
Susan, to see she was glaring at him, far from amused by the reality that her
boyfriend was looking at such a shocking images. 

	"What is it?"  I asked again, leaning over Chuck to get a better look.

	"It's a rape fantasy website."  It was Mark who answered, looking was
awkward as he always did, long and lanky with shaggy brown hair that fell
stubbornly into his eyes as he stood there with his hands shoved deep in his
pants pockets.

	"Rape fantasy?"  Susan wrinkled her nose.

	"Yeah.  There are thousands of them on the net."

	"Is that so, Chuck?"  I tugged at his earlobe with my teeth.  "How do
you know?"

	"I have checked them out from time to time."

	"So I have."  Adam didn't leave his friend hanging alone.

	"Why do you look at that?"  There was more fascination than disgust in
my voice as I asked, which came as a surprise to me; I was a liberal young
woman, after all, so one would assume seeing images of females depicted as
sexual objects rather than actually, real people should have angered me...but I
was curious as Chuck rolled back the chair so I could perch on his lap.  "Do you
get off on this stuff?"  It was a possibility I would not have considered before
that moment; I knew Chuck liked to have sex a bit on the rough and intensely
physical, but this...the girl on the screen was in pain, she was not taking an
active part in what happened to her, but I could feel Chuck's hard erection
pressing firmly against my bottom.  He was very aroused.  I had a feeling the
same could be said for my brother as I glanced up to see him fondling Susan's
breast as she snuggled at his side and I was astounded as Chuck explained to me
that he did indeed find it exciting to look at such things.  It turned him on. 
Had for a long time.  Adam was the same and when I cast a glance at Mark, he
nodded eagerly, to let me know he was on the same page as his two friends and I
found it hard to wrap my mind around, at first, as I went back to my bed to sit
down and Susan returned to her place on the floor and Chuck searched around
until he found another website that he called a personal favorite; it was a
fictional site where very graphic stories were published regarding forced sex
and rape...they detailed vicious and brutal attacks...acts of degradation and
torture; many of the tales were designed to make one see the assaults through
the eyes and the mindset of the rapist and sitting there on my bed as Chuck read
one story after another, I was shocked to find myself become aroused and
excited.  My cunt was wet.  My nipples taunt.  I felt hot and achy.  Looking at
Susan, I could see she felt the same...we were turned on listening to dark and
disturbing written dreams men and women had regarding
rape...beatings...humiliation...it was a startling thing to find such an aspect
in my character but I couldn't bring myself to deny it was indeed there and from
that first incident, we all began searching the net for more sites each time we
were together and Adam even found some books online that we ordered and we read
them with vigor.

	I know, at this point, those who are reading this are most likely
feeling ill, unable to believe that we could actually find sexual excitement in
hearing about an innocent girl or woman suffering; I won't try and defend
myself, or my friends, or how we all slowly became somewhat obsessed with the
disturbing topic we read about and talked about and after a two or three months,
the night finally came when we all admitted that we had been wondering what it
would be like to actually plan and carry out an attack...what would it be like
to have total control...to take an unsuspecting person and degrade and torture
and have our way with them in any sexual manner we so chose as they begged for
mercy and cried and screamed...we talked about it endlessly, finding stories on
our own that we would share with the others until Chuck finally grinned one
night and simply said that we needed to do it.  Make a plan.  Find a victim.  I
laughed at the suggestion.  I was sure that he was kidding, or at least I wanted
to believe he was, at first, as we each jumped onto the topic, telling in very
explicit detail what acts we most wanted to perform...what torment turned us on
the most...how we would do it...where we would take the person; we all agreed
that we would need more than a few hours to play out all the games, as we came
to call the things we wanted to inflict on the chosen victim; a weekend would be
a perfect time frame, Susan suggested.  I agreed.  A weekend.  To torture. 
Dominate.  I very nearly came in my pants, just thinking about it...how it would
feel...the power...the means to hurt...some of the most intense sex Chuck and I
ever had followed the rape planning discussions and Susan admitted to me that it
was the same for her and Adam, and while Mark didn't have a girlfriend, he still
set in on our sessions and offered an idea from time to time, though it was
obvious the subject made him nervous, but Mark was always oddly nervous and
pitifully eager to please Adam and Chuck to maintain their friendship; he was
something of a follower where my brother and my boyfriend were the leaders and
me and Susan were happy to find fun anywhere we could in the little town we all
called home so when Chuck told us he was dead serious about acting out our
fantasies, I have to admit it did not take much nudging on his part to get me to
agree to take part in the action and Susan and Adam were eager to get a good
game going and naturally, Mark said he would do his part and he even offered the
use of his video camera when Susan laughingly said we should make a tape of the
attack, so we could each have a copy to watch from time to time in the years to
come and Chuck quickly warmed to the idea.

	Once it was decided that we were indeed going to plan the rape, we all
quickly complied our ideas and thoughts...we even printed some stories off the
computer to use as a guidebook; we all had in mind what we wanted...how we
wanted it and we took a day trip to Atlanta to go to numerous well known sex
shops and between the five of us,  we spent nearly a thousand dollars buying
what we called our supplies; we purchased several pairs of handcuffs, leg and
ankle restraints, ropes and chains from a hardware store and added to that,
Susan selected a ball gall shaped like a penis and I chose several dildos,
mostly large ones that made Susan laugh when she tossed them into our basket
beside some painful looking nipple clips that came with a control that one could
use to send sharp electrical charges...we got a leather whip and something
called a wooden pussy paddle.  Chuck bought an electric prod.  Adam a five
gallon bucket.  He wanted to try some water torture he said...he wanted to hold
our victim's head underwater while he fucked her hard in the ass; Chuck
purchased several hooks that could be connected into the ceiling so the helpless
girl could be properly strung up when she received her beatings and Adam
insisted in buying two strap on penis that Susan and I could use...he picked out
a spiked dog collar and a leash...butt plugs...an odd device that would hold a
mouth opened wide...body oils...lubrication creamed and condoms and another
leather flog that had seven straps on it and each had a rock attached to it; we
had seen such things on the computer and we felt well equipped to administer
pain with all he selected and then very carefully stored in my bedroom closet as
we set about the next stage of the plan and that was deciding where to take our
victim.

	This was an important factor, we had to find a quite, highly secure
location where no one would find us for two days; it was already decided that we
would each tell our parents that we were taking a road trip, none of them would
object and it was the best way to explain why we would not be around for so
long...so the question was where and in the end, the most logical choice became
the seldom used hunting cabin owned by Susan's late grandfather.  No one went it
anymore.  It had been left to Susan's father in the will, but he did not care
for hunting...it was nice and quite and tucked in the woods on a sixty acres
parcel so no one would be around to hear our fun or the frantic screams our
games were sure to invoke from the victim we selected and with the place to play
determined, the only question that remained was who.  Who?  Someone beautiful,
that was a obvious given...we all had to find the personal appealing...it had to
be a girl who did not travel in the same social circle as we all did; my and
Adam's father was a former lawyer and at that time, a county judge and Susan's
mother was a lawyer and her father ran the bank his family had founded years
before and despite the fact that Mark was a dork, at times, he came from very
blue blood; his mother was the town mayor and his father was a state senator who
just happened to own the three biggest business as well as half the property in
our beloved county, so we were all basically rich kids who had no cause to worry
about the future...maybe that was why it was so easy for us to not stop to
consider any possible repercussions...by saying that you most likely think I am
trying to make you feel sorry for us or take pity, but that is not the case,
what we did was wrong and I know that all too well now, but our backgrounds did
play a part in the way we saw the world, so you do need to know that we were all
spoiled and self centered and eager to play simply because we felt we had the
right.

	Granted, in wanting to play, selecting our 'fuck toy' as Adam dubbed the
victim, became very important and at first we were not sure how to chose and
none of us seemed to want to come out and threw a name in the air, to see what
the others thought, but I did have someone in mind.  Had for a while.  From the
moment we made the decision to act on our plan, truth be told...something in
Susan's eyes made me think that maybe she had the same idea so I pulled out a
piece of paper, wrote down a name and showed it to her and she grinned and
nodded; we were indeed on the same track and Adam laughed out loud in delight
when he snagged the paper from Susan and Chuck slapped him gleefully on the back
while Mark simply bobbed his head a couple of times and I felt oddly happy with
myself for having broken the ice when the guys all confessed that Holly Ann
Tyson as their number one pick and that their pricks were eager to have a go at
her.

	At sixteen, Holly was a year younger than we were, a junior with a
rather quite and shy nature; she was a stunning girl with thick, raven hair and
big brown eyes that had long, dark lashes and her body was glorious; tall and
thin with very full breast and a trim waist, she was a member of the track and
field team, so her legs were long and shapely and extremely appealing.  She was
hot.  I had to admit that.  The girl was glorious with an easy smile that was
warm when she shyly flashed it and her skin was a beautiful bronze; she had high
cheekbones and a heart shaped mouth...rumor had it that her father had been of
African American decent while her mother, Rita was part white and part Mexican
and as bad as it sounded, in the small, deep south town where we lived, that
made Holly not what one would call well received by most and it didn't help her
cause that her mother had a rather unpleasant reputation; Rita loved to party
and have a good time and it was a well known fact that Holly had pretty much
raised herself with little help from Rita along the way.  She didn't know her
father.  Her mother never kept a boyfriend for long.  By the time she was
sixteen, it was obvious that Holly was wise to the world; she kept to herself
for the most part, she was very much into school, and we all knew via the rumor
mill that she was determined to get a scholarship to NYU so she could get the
hell out of the town that looked down on her without really knowing her at
all...I suppose she was someone who should have been admired rather than scorned
but in an effort to be as honest as possible I have to tell you, I really hated
Holly Tyson and had for a long time.

	Okay.  So you want to know why I hated her.  Simple.  Some of it was
typical and superficial teenager girl stuff; I was a beautiful blond, often
considered the most attractive girl in school...next to Holly...no one dared say
as much right to my face, but more than once I heard those words whispered and
each time I did, rage made me want to scream and stomp my feet.  It wasn't
right.  I was better.  I came from a better family.  As far as I was concerned,
Holly didn't deserve to have her name said in the same breath as mine, but the
real blow came when my older stepbrother, Jared, went as far as to hire Holly to
work part time, after school, at the law firm he ran while our father served as
a county judge and I was livid.  Furious.  I told Jared he was insane.  Holly? 
But he simply told me that Holly was bright, she worked hard...I wanted to
accuse him of hiring her because of her looks, but I didn't dare...to do so
would have been insulting...Jared was blind and had been since he was five years
old; the car accident that had taken his mother's life had left him without
sight after glass flew into his eyes...he had seen endless doctors for a time
but had finally told his father he was sick of being poked and prodded by the
time he was eleven and it was shortly after that decision on Jared's part that
his father, Greg, met my mother, Caron, via a mutual friend.

	Adam and I were one at the time, our father had died in a plane crash
when our mother was two months pregnant, so Greg was the only real father we
knew and he loved us as if we were his own; he never treated us as if we got
only leftover affection and for a time, Adam and I actually felt fairly close to
Jared, but that changed as we all grew older and Jared became what Adam called a
bleeding heart fool who felt compassion for the most useless of people, with
Holly serving as a prime example...the girl was trash as far as I was concerned
and thankfully, Adam agreed, so you can imagine the laughing fit he and I shared
when we stopped by the office one afternoon to deliver a message to Jared from
our mother and we saw Holly there, talking to Jared as he stood at her desk
giving her direction as a project he had trusted her to handle and while Jared
could not see it, Adam and I could.  As plain as day.  It was in Holly's eyes. 
In the way she set there with a shy smile as she looked up at Jared...the bitch
had a crush on my stepbrother...it was as sick as anything I had ever known and
I hated it...yet it made me laugh to see the fool girl looking at Jared with
such respect and adoration in her eyes and Adam and I joked about it endlessly
and it was on both our minds when we all agreed that Holly Tyson would be our
perfect little 'fuck toy' and I found myself all the more eager to put into
actions all I had thought and daydreamed about for so long.

	For me, it was the perfect chance to teach Holly a few well deserved
lessons about her place in life; I wanted to show her what she was and what she
was good for and Adam and I couldn't help but cast glances at one another when
Jared mentioned Holly's name after our decision was made; he really seemed to
have a respect for the girl, once or twice I wondered if maybe he felt an
attraction to her...but I shook the thought from my mind, she was only sixteen
after all and Jared was far too noble to get involved with someone so much
younger than he was; he was indeed the bleeding heart, as Adam called him and I
admitted I was ready to get things rolling and my dear twin informed me that he
and Mark and Chuck had been working on a plan, as to how we would get Holly in
our possession and when he explained it all, I agreed it was perfect.

	A lot of detail and calculation went into our plans and one the late
winter day we decided to play the game, Susan and I skipped school on that
Friday to go to the cabin where we set up the video camera, delivered all the
special products we had purchased and with a letter, we attached the hooks to
the ceiling, stringed up the chains...attached some to the walls close to where
Holly would hang for a time...we prepared the bed for a good fuck session...we
laid out all the tools for easy access and then we set back, had a beer, and
felt ourselves became more and more aroused as the hours passed and we finally
went back to hook up with the guys who decided that we would use my car to take
our victim to the cabin.  That was fine with me.  I didn't care how we got her
there.  I just wanted the bitch...at my mercy...my cunt was soaked thinking
about it, I couldn't really believe I turned on I was as the five of us did as
Adam said we would do; we parked our car on the edge of the little, seldom used
dirt road that lead to the trailer where Holly and her mother lived and just
after seven in the evening, as it was getting dark, we got out of the car,
popped up the hood and Adam and Chuck began rummaging around, to make it look as
if we were having some serious problems and five minutes later, I recognized the
battered piece of shit that Holly called a car headed our way and with a nod at
the guys, I want to the edge of the road and began waving my arms, knowing Holly
would stop; she was too foolishly nice not to...and once she saw me, Jared's
stepsister, there was not a chance in hell she would pass by, so it was no shock
when she pulled over behind us and slid from the car, looking beautiful in black
dress pants and a red sweater with her dark hair pulled back in a braid.

	"Hi, Nina."  Her voice was soft on the winter wind as she smiled and
then looked at the car.  "Having some problems?"  There was real compassion in
her brown eyes and I forced a smile at the sight; the girl was so damn stupid
and trusting.

	"Yeah.  I have no idea what the problem is.  And as luck as it, there is
no way that I can get cell phone reception out here."

	"All the trees are a problem, I know.  But I can help.  I can give you
all a ride back into town.  It my be a tight fit..."  She lifted one shoulder as
Susan slid from my car.

	"That would be so great, Holly."  Susan brushed a lock of red hair from
her face as she offered her own smile.  "It is so cold out here and these
guys..."  She waved a hand at Chuck and Adam in a dismissive gesture that made
Holly laughed again.

	"They won't admit they haven't got a clue."  I whispered the words,
before casting a look over my shoulder.  "Hey, guys, Holly said we can get a
ride into town, so close up that hood.  We can call a tow truck later.  I am
freezing my ass off."  But my cunt was on fire as I turned my eyes back to sweet
little Holly as the hood slammed shut and Chuck came to my side and Adam went
behind the car, to set a took box in the trunk...Holly did not see the look that
he and Mark exchanged in the instant before she turned to move to her car and
when she did, Adam was there...he blocked her path and she stumbled back to say
a quick excuse me, but before she could, Adam slammed a massive fist right into
her gut twice and she doubled over and when she did, Mark shoved her hard to the
leaf covered ground as Holly gasped for air; Chuck sprang forward to sit on her
back and with effective movements, he gathered her arms, bound her wrist in the
handcuffs as tightly as he could without completely cutting off her circulation
and Mark did his part, chaining her feet together as she began to whimper
weakly...Chuck rolled her onto her back and Susan shoved the penis shaped ball
gag into Holly's mouth and firmly fastened it as the girl screamed against it
and Chuck gave her a harsh slap to the face, to get her full attention as I
stood and watched with a chilled smile.

	Hovering over Holly, Chuck grinned down at her as tears sprang into her
wide, brown eyes and he laughed hard.  "Hi there, babe.  Surprise.  No car
problems."

	"Car works fine."  Adam knelt beside the trembling body.  "We just
needed to get you to stop...we have plans for you..."  He pinched her nipple
hard through her sweater, and she screamed against the gag and tried to twist
around to gain freedom as Mark went to her car, having been elected to be the
one to drive it to the cabin and I got into mine and cranked it to life as Susan
took her place in the passenger seat; Adam and Chuck got into the back with Adam
sitting with Holly's legs in his lap so he could hold them still and Chuck
cradled her head hear his crotch as Susan turned in the seat to watch while
Holly cried and tried to call for mercy with the plastic penis rammed way down
her throat as Chuck stroked her face and Adam shoved up her sweater to look at
her flat stomach that quivered in terror.

	As I drove, I adjusted my rearview mirror so I could get a better look
at the back seat...the last thing I wanted to do was miss any fun had at Holly's
expense and Chuck and Adam held her down firmly despite her efforts to struggled
as Chuck began to taunt her with words and threats.  Mental images.  Cold
remarks.  He told her about the things we all had in mind for her...he told her
how we had come to plan what we did and why we chose her...he told her about the
sites on the computer and how we all planned to fuck her hard and that each of
us had specific games we wanted to play and the entire time, all Holly could do
was lay helplessly and sob.

	"Suck hard on that, babe."  Chuck shoved the gag further into her mouth
and she arched her back.  "It is really small compared to what you will suck on
later, but you may need the extra practice."  He laughed at his own comment as
Holly wept and I pressed my aching pubs hard against the seat to try and find
some release from my steadily building arousal; I wanted to get to the cabin and
get stared and I knew those with me felt the same as we drove along and Chuck
and Adam continued to paint an ugly picture for Holly as Susan chimed in
occasional comments of her own, she was just as into the moment as I was as she
set in the front seat, fondling herself and the guys laughed when she made
herself cum while Holly closed her eyes tight to try and block out what was
happening to her, and more importantly, what was about to happen.

	It took us a good half an hour to reach the cabin and once there, we
parked behind the building and Mark made certain Holly's car was well out of
sight, just to be on the safe side; we didn't want to take any undo risk and
once Mark had completed his task, he came to help Chuck and Adam carry and
wildly struggling Holly into the cabin as I was quick to unlock the door; I
wanted to get things going...my pussy was dripping wet at that point and all the
guys had a major hard on as they set Holly on her feet and Chuck shoved his fist
into her stomach once more, to incapacitate her to at extent as Mark went the
already set up camera that he turned on and focused as Susan stood before it and
in a cheerful voice, she said the date, time...she explained why we where there
and what we wanted to do as Mark turned his attention to Holly, to catch on film
the exciting sight it was to watch Adam and Chuck hold her down and strip off
her sweater and jeans and finally, her underwear and bra...her beautiful breast
bounced free and stunning and Adam began to squeeze them with vigor as he and
Chuck took Holly to the center of the room and her still bound arms were pulled
high over her head so the cuffs could be attached to the chain in the ceiling.

	With her still struggling for breath, it was easy to maneuver her into
position and all she could do was whimper pitifully as Chuck pulled on the chain
so her feet barely touched the floor and with a delighted smile, I took the
cuffs from her ankles and with Susan's help, I spread the bare legs wide and
reattached shackles that were then hooked to the same chain that held her arms
suspended...she was helpless...she was spread wide so we could all see her
pretty pink cunt neatly trimmed as her arms supported her weight and her legs
were strained...she was in an agonizing position and we knew her muscles were
cramping badly as she wept and looked at each of us with pleading eyes; she
wanted one of us to have mercy on her, or tell her it was all a joke, but that
was not about to happen and it seemed our hapless victim was finally beginning
to understand as much as we all quickly stripped down so she could see the
arousal spilling down mine and Susan's legs and the guys had major stiff pricks
that made Holly scream against her gag as I grinned up at her and Chuck reached
up and jerked the gag from her mouth so she could suck in great gulps of air as
tears ravaged her pretty face.

	"Please..."  Her voice was weak with fear.  "Please...don't...I am
begging you to not do this to me...please..."  She sobbed helplessly, her head
hanging in shame as more tears came to her and I sighed and stood up on a stool
I had placed in front of her, so I could be more face to face with her.

	"You can beg all you want, love, but we will do this and there is not a
damn thing you can do to stop it."  Viciously, I wrapped my hand around her jaw
and jerked her head up so she was forced to face me fully.  "We want to play. 
The guys told you.  We want to play some nasty games and we have chosen to play
them with you...we are making you our Fuck Toy and I don't care how much you beg
or scream, we are going to fuck you and hurt you and I will enjoy every moment
of it."

	"We all will."  Susan stood beside him, her hands on her hips, she was
more than at ease with her body as Holly cried and shook her head.

	"Why...please...tell me why..." 

	"Because we can."  Chuck said it from behind her but she shook her head
again.

	"Why me?  I don't understand..."  She was trembling from fear and pain,
her legs, and her arms were strained...it was just the beginning of her
suffering and her eyes told me she knew that as I glared at her with pure hate. 
"I work for your brother..."  It seemed to her that the fact that she had a
connection to Jared should have mattered to me, but it did not and to prove as
much, I backhanded her so hard across the face her neck cracked from the blow
and Adam and Chuck laughed in delight.

	"Don't say Jared's name."  I spat the words at her.  "Ever.  I know
about the crush you have on him...I have seen the way you look at him and it
makes me sick because you are not worthy to look at him the way you do; you are
trash and we are going to treat you like the trash you are and no one will care. 
No one.  Not your mother.  Or Jared."  I felt a strong need to break her
mentally and emotionally; I wanted her to know as much pain as possible in as
many ways as possible and she cried wildly as I slapped her again and Adam
pulled her hair, jerking her head back at an agonizing angle as Susan stepped
onto another stool and with me holding Holly's breast steady, first her left,
and then her right, Susan sank the piercing clips securely into her nipples and
Holly gasped in pain as the sharp teeth chewed into her soft, sensitive
flesh...I saw a trickle of blood...Susan winked at me as she held out the
control panel for a sobbing Holly to see; she wanted to make the anticipation
build and when the girl was almost breathless from her forceful tears Susan
flicked the switch with ease and the first brutal, electric jolt ripped its way
through her and again, her back arched in pain and she bellowed in anguish.

	A thin layer of sweat glittered on her lovely body as the tears ran from
her face to fall on her breast as Susan spent a good five minutes simply
tormenting Holly's full tits; the guys were almost insane from watching
it...Mack kept the camera as steady as his suddenly trembling hand would
allow...we had made it clear to him we wanted to capture every moment we savored
with sweet Holly; we wanted to look back at this in the future and enjoy it. 
Again and again.  It was so glorious.  Susan was having a fine time with the
clips as Chuck found the leather flog, the one with seven strings and rocks
attached to them and while Susan continued her own brand of torture, Chuck
arranged himself just behind Holly and without warning, he drew back his arm and
then flung it forward with all his might as fresh screams were extracted from
her and I moved to stand next to Chuck so I could admire his work; he was rather
handy with the whip and I smiled as I saw the red welts appear on the otherwise
flawless flesh...Chuck hit her again and again and again...he was breathing
hard...Holly's cries turned him on even more and her back and bottom were
stained with incision that leaked little red rivers...she was badly bruised and
exhausted from the anguish as she hung there almost limp when Chuck's arm was
too tired for him to continue his beating.

	Her head lulling aimless from side to side, Holly somehow managed to
keep her eyes open and I was glad for it as Adam announced his cock was about to
explode; he was Chuck were ready to sink deep into Holly and when asked, Mark
said he wanted that too, but we had pretty much figured that she was a virgin,
as she never went out on dates, and she was into Jared, who would never fuck her
when she was so young, so for fun, me and Susan decided we would be good
girlfriends and stretched Holly out...Susan handed he an enormous dildo that
matched the one she selected; it was more a torture device than a pleasure
device with a handle on it that allowed the user to expand the size once it was
firmly inserted into the desired orifice.  It was perfect.  Holly whimpered when
she saw it in my hand; she knew what was coming...I am sure she wanted to plead
with me but had already come to accept that no mercy would be displayed, all she
could do was suffer and endure...it was more glorious than I thought it would be
as Susan and I took a moment to use a touch of lubrication cream to grease the
dildos; we did not do so for Holly's sake, we wanted her to hurt, after all, but
we suspected it would be hard to shove the object into a totally dry cunt and
ass...so we let Holly watch what we were doing and Susan went to her back and I
stood between her pretty spread legs and without tenderness or compassion I
shoved the makeshift dick into her previously untouched groove and in the same
instant, Susan spread Holly's ass cheeks...the girl found the strength to scream
again when the dual units went to work on her with vigor...we pushed and pulled
and thrust and then twisted and turned and began the process all over again as
Holly cried and screeched until she began to gag.  I was laughing.  So was
Susan.  We increased the pace.  I had the dildo almost completely inside her at
one point...I expanded the size...Susan did the same and Holly tensed and gasped
and withered in the anguish we subjected her to until Adam said enough was
enough, he was ready to fuck the toy and on a sigh, I pulled out the leather
prick and Susan slowly did the same, without bothering to decrease the size and
I laughed again when I noticed blood dripping from her pillaged pussy and butt
cunt.

	"I think she is stretched for you, boys."  I slapped my hand hard on
Holly's belly, which was bruised from where Chuck had punched her.  "Why don't
we get her laid out on the bed so you can fuck her good."  Holly shook her head
weakly as I said it, she was in a total state of despair...she was
bleeding...bruised...in pain...whimpering and tired and helpless and the real
fun had yet to begin, or so Adam told her as he undid the chain from the cuffs
that held her wrist and Susan and I freed her ankles, leaving it up to Chuck to
catch her in his arms and he did; she was crying, making an amusing effort to
fight for freedom as he carried her easily across the room and with a grin, he
dropped her onto the bed with a thud and Susan was already there, lifting
Holly's arms high to bind them to the headboard.  I spread her legs.  Put a
pillow under her back.  Her pelvis was elevated so all her cunt was open...blood
stained her thighs...she was still crying tears that spilled down her cheeks to
uselessly spill beside her on the bed as I stood and looked down at her, very
impressed with the work we had done...I could see Chuck agreed when he swatted
me hard on the ass before straddling Holly's legs as she shook her head.

	"Please...don't rape me...please..."  She turned her frantic eyes to me. 
"You hurt me already so stop...please just stop and don't..."  Her attention
returned to Chuck as he set before her with his dick hard; he was a good ten
inches long when fully erect, which he was, at that moment; Adam sank to his
knees beside her...he was just as hard and long and ready for action as Mark
continued to maneuver the camera to a new angle, so he could capture Holly
distributed on the bed for her horror and our pleasure; she was pretty and lush
and appealing...Chuck scooted himself up so he was sitting hard on her chest,
just bellow her breast, making it rather hard for her to breathe as she shook
her head to try and deny what was happening and he grinned.

	"I am going to fuck your cunt.  Very soon.  But first..."  He thrust
himself forward slightly.  "Adam and I flipped a coin for it, and he won, so he
will be the first to sink deep into your pretty pussy and while he does that,
you are going to get my personally taught crash course in cock sucking."  A bead
of moisture was already forming on his head and Holly pressed her lips together
in protest, which only gave Chuck cause to slap her hard while Adam positioned
himself between her legs and Susan tossed him a condom that he rolled on while
Mark filmed; we were all playing our chosen roles for the moment and it was a
great thrill for me as Adam began to plunder around inside Holly's already
tender fuck hole...he thrust three fingers inside her and when he did, she
instinctively screamed out in protest to the brutal invasion and Chuck took the
golden opportunity to shove every inch of himself into Holly's open mouth.

	In assessment, it was easy to see her mouth was small; Chuck filled her
up beyond full...her lips wrapped around his dick...Chuck screamed at her to
start sucking and her natural reaction to gag only made it easier for him to
push even deeper, so the head of his shaft pushed against the back of her throat
and he began to flex his hips slowly even as she tried to do as he demanded. 
She tried to suck.  But it was hard.  I could see her overly filled her mouth,
but Chuck was still determined to fuck her in that manner...he stared out
slowly...then he moved faster and faster and Holly gagged again and cried out as
best she could around the enormous crank that ravaged her oral cavity when Adam
raised far back and then, with a loud, bliss filled grunt, he submerged himself
into Holly's bleeding and raw vagina; he didn't ease in...he pushed...hard...he
went all the way into and then jerked out only to do it again and again, just as
Susan and I had with the dildos and I felt my hand move to my own dripping pussy
to fondle my aching clit as I stood and watched as Chuck exploded first with
such force he threw his head back and screamed as his thick cum surged down
Holly's throat and Chuck kept himself lodged into her mouth until she swallowed
every drop he had ejaculated.

	Adam reached his own climax just seconds after Chuck as Holly lay
beneath both of them, whimpering and gagging as Chuck finally pulled himself
from her mouth and with a quick high five, he and Adam changed positions and all
Holly could do was shake her head in useless objection; she was already
extremely battered at that point and we were just getting started...I cried out
when my cunt clenched around my own probing fingers and Chuck winked at me as he
put on a condom; he had just had a major orgasms, but he was ready to go again
and I understood all too well as Adam pushed his dick into Holly's mouth,
slapping her fully cheeks...he laughed and began pumping into her as he demanded
that she suckle him hard or pay the price for not pleasing him; he taunted her
with harsh words as he forcefully filled her mouth and Chuck used his thumbs to
spread her vaginal lips wide so he could clearly see her bruised slit as he
split her open with a quick punch into her...again her back lifted off the
bed...she screamed...Adam laughed at her agony while he gripped the headboard
for better leverage so he could thoroughly defile her and when he came, he
yelled out and shoved harder into her so his balls slapped against her face
while Susan and I laughed.  Holly was crying.  Silent tears.  Adam was as
heartless to them as we were when he withdrew from her mouth...he rubbed his
semi hard penis all over her face...then Chuck grunted out his release but
stayed wedged inside Holly for a moment as Adam scooted down to sit on her
stomach and I watched in odd fascination as he pressed Holly's breast tight
together so he could side his cock in and out the valley between them; he pushed
and shoved while squeezing her nipples and she did nothing more than sniffle
pathetically as suddenly, Adam pushed himself onto his knees and with a cry, he
sprayed hot, thick cum all over Holly's face...it went in her mouth...in her
eyes...it splattered in her hair as Susan nearly doubled over in laughter; she
told me later such a scene had taken place in a story she and Adam had read on
their own and she had dared him to do it...and he had...it added some spice to
Holly's complete and utter humiliation as I went to Mark to take the camera from
him and he looked a little pale and a little startled, so I smiled.

	"Your turn."  I waved at the bed.  "Go on.  Fuck her."  It was almost a
challenge, for all of Mark's talk in our group sessions and despite how he had
aided in planning out our game, I had a nagging feeling that his heart really
wasn't in it...he didn't seem nearly as excited as Chuck and Adam as he finally
relinquished the camera to me so he could move slowly to the bed where his best
friends now stood and looked down at the ravaged body they had already taken so
pleasure in.

	"You ready to get some pussy?"  Chuck slapped Mark on the back and
laughed.

	"You will like.  Trust me.  We've got it all ready for you."  Adam
winked and the smile that Mark offered was obviously forced as I watched it
through the camera; he had an odd look on his face as he crawled onto the bed to
sit astride Holly who looked directly up at him with big, terrified brown eyes.

	"Please, Mark..."  Her voice was raw and weak from having screamed so
much in the first phases of our attack.  "Please...don't...you have always
seemed nice..."  It was a scene to watch, her pleading with him for mercy and I
laughed from behind the camera as Susan knelt down on the floor beside Holly's
head.

	"Please don't..."  Susan mocked her in a whining voice.  "Please...don't
fuck me like the whore I really am...please..."  Holly began to cry harder as
Susan tangled a hand in her hair and jerked her face toward her.  "Listen up. 
You can cry.  You can plead and I assure you, we don't mind hearing you beg, but
there is nothing you can say that will stop any of us from fucking you as much
as we want...you belong to us...we chose you to be our Fuck Toy for a time so
get use to it and take it like a good little whore..."  She jerked on her hair
again and Holly gasped in pain as Susan looked up at Mark and snapped at him to
get on with it and he nodded; he still looked ill at ease even as he slid down
so he was perched between Holly's spread legs; I thought he would faint when he
saw the dark red blood that was already leaking from her...but he knew Chuck and
Adam were there and they were watching...he closed his eyes and rammed forward
and twice, Holly cried out when he missed her cunt, but battered the tender area
around it instead...he finally sank into her and when he did, he kept his eyes
closed, held tight to her hips, and thrust into her harder and faster than
either Chuck or Adam had.

	It took Mark a long time to cum, once or twice I thought he might have
lost his already barely there erection; but he finally grunted his release and
pulled out with a smile for Chuck and Adam...he was clearly relieved he had
managed to pull it off at all as he withdrew from the swollen pussy and came to
take the camera from me, which I was all to happy to give him.  I was hot again. 
I wanted to play.  Badly.  Susan saw the look that I must have had in my eyes,
because she reached into our toy stash and withdrew the hard wooden paddle that
I gladly accepted as I got on the bed between Holly's legs and Susan set on her
stomach so she could slip her hands under the girl's butt...she lifted her hips
up high so I had a direct look at the cunt I wanted to torture; the guys watched
this, then went to either side of the bed and each knelt in position to play
with a full, tender breast as Holly tried to archer her back...she tried to
fight...but it was uselessly and I was thrilled to prove as much as I lifted my
arm high and with force I did not know I possessed, I slammed the wooden paddle
down hard on Holly's already mutilated pussy; she screamed louder than before
when I hit her the first time...the second and third....I became lost in her
screams as I slammed into her again and again while Adam and Chuck sucked at and
chewed on her breast, drawing blood, just as I did; I didn't stop until my arm
was weak and I was breathing heavily...and then Susan had the electric prod we
had purchased and I brutally pulled apart the red cunt lips so she could shove
the entity all the way into our now weeping slut...Holly barely had the energy
to scream when Susan turned on the little switch and the jolts began to charge
through her.

	Somewhere in the middle of that particular degradation, Holly passed
out, which was fine, for the moment; it made it easy for us to undo her binds so
we could arranged it so she was draped over the bed with her arms fastened to
the under railing...her cunt was on the very edge of the mattress...this left
her ass perched in the air and lastly, we took time to pull her legs as far
apart as possible, to attach her ankles to the post that supported the frame. 
It was perfect.  I could see Chuck getting hard again.  To tell you the truth,
the sight made me wet...Susan used the leather flog to beat Holly cross the back
and bottom until she woke up whimpering, then she screamed at her new position
on the bed and that made us all laugh at her terror as Chuck announced he
intended to get her ass first, since Mark had take her pussy...Holly tried to
struggled but there was no freedom for her to earn for her efforts; she was
powerless and afraid as Chuck knelt behind her after lubing himself up just a
bit and with a delighted smile, he pried apart Holly's quivering, bruised ass
cheeks and lodged himself so far in her that his ball slapped against her cunt
and with her gasping in anguish, Adam slipped his cock into her mouth.

	Again, they stayed in their positions until they both came and then they
switched off and afterwards, Mark gave her perky ass a real rough fucking...he
seemed to enjoy it more...he was getting into the game it seemed and I was
already on an arousal high when I laced myself into the strap on and Chuck and
Adam laughed as I shoved the makeshift dick into Holly again and again.  Susan
went after me.  Then we arranged her so she was on her feet one more...Susan
took her ass while I ravaged her cunt...I couldn't seem to get enough of her
weak, trembling screams and her pitiful tears; she looked broken and beaten and
I loved the sight as I taunted her with cold remarks about Jared and about we
all knew she had a crush on him...I became submerged in the moment as I chewed
at her breast and then bite her so hard on the stomach that I drew blood and
Susan pulled her hair while the guys watched and thoroughly enjoyed the scene we
played out for them, until I withdrew from Holly so I could make Chuck take me
then and there to relieve some of my building pressure.

	I was so turned on I could hardly breathe, and I stayed that way a lot
in the hours that followed as he took turns with Holly; at least one of us was
tormenting her in some fashion at any given moment, we didn't allow her so much
as a second of peace...we did not want her to rest...we had created hell for her
and she had to endure every minute we could offer; I fucked her in more ways and
more times than I can recall and believe me when I say we all acted out our
desired deeds again and again...the guys fucked her ass until her crack was
almost completely swollen shut...Susan hooked the electric clips inside her
cunt...Adam discovered it was easier to fulfill his water torture fantasy in the
kitchen, with a bound Holly pressed against the counter...the sink was filled
and he shoved her face deep into the cold water as he thrust in and out of her
again and again and then he and Chuck took her front and rear while Mark filled
her mouth.

	The beatings continued as well; we all took turns wreaking havoc on her
back and her bottom...her stomach...thighs and legs...arms...a few times I got
really worked up and Chuck had to pull her off her; Adam amused us all when he
took the ropes we had and he pressed then tied Holly's full breast together and
with her stretched out helplessly on the bed, he used the single string leather
flog to beat her flesh bloody...Susan used the prod on her at the same time...we
caught every act on film...even when the guys arranged her so she was hanging
upside down from the ceiling; Chuck and Adam double banged her again in that
position and Mark had her a few more times as we put every item we had purchased
to use.  Several times over.  We were even inventive.  Susan found a few rather
random objects in the kitchen and bathroom...we devoted the entire night and the
two days that followed to our helpless victim who eventually ceased to beg at
all; she simply cried and screamed when she couldn't help it and by the time
Sunday night came around, we were all exhausted but more than pleased with how
things had progressed as Susan and I dragged a battered Holly into the bathroom
where we filled the tub with water and the two of us scrubbed her clean.

	We were headless to her battered state and her pain as we cleaned her
again and again and I got a good laugh when Susan filled a douche bottle with
scalding hot water that she flooded into Holly's cunt; she told the girl we had
to make sure we had her all pretty and pure...we made certain no trace of us was
on her, just to be on the safe side and then, we dried her and Susan threw an
old jogging suit at her, ordering Holly to put it on, but she was so weak, we
had to help her into it before we returned with her into the living room where
the guys were sitting and I shoved Holly down on the sofa, between Chuck and
Adam, who quickly slapped handcuffs on her already badly chaffed wrist as Holly
kept her eyes downcast.

	"We have something to show you."  Chuck tangled a hand in Holly's damp
hair so he could force her to face the television...she cried when her images
was suddenly there; they had the tape we had made going; it was graphic and it
showed all we had done to her as we watched part of it and Holly sobbed until
Adam turned it off and faced her.

	"We did a lot to you.  All we wanted."  He stroked a hand down her
cheek.

	"And it was the best, Holly."  Chuck pressed his lips to her ear and she
winced.

	"And we know it was not fun for you, but we don't care."  There was
laugher in Susan's voice as she knelt down on the floor so she could rest her
arms on Holly's knees as I moved to stand behind her and Mark watched.

	"You were a perfect Fuck Toy."  I slid my arms down to cup her breast
through the sweatshirt...she was not wearing a bra so I found it easy to pinch
her bruised nipples so hard she screamed.  "However, our time has come to an
end, and we have two choices that we can make here, Holly; we can kill you, and
dig a deep hole and toss your pretty little body in it..."

	"Or we can let you live."  Susan picked up where I trailed off.

	"Please...I don't want to do\ie..."  Holly's eyes went from Chuck to
Adam and to Susan...she couldn't look at me as I stood behind her and continued
to torture her breast as tears ran down her face.  "If you...if you let me live
I...I won't tell...I will never, ever tell anyone..."

	"If you did tell, no one would believe you."  Adam bite her ear.

	"You are trash."  Chuck added, his hand between her legs so he could
fondle her though her sweatpants as Susan withdrew the electric prod from under
the sofa and Holly went still as the tip of it was ran down her face...to her
neck...her breast.

	"Say it for us."  I whispered softly, wanting to make the torture last.

	"What...do you...want me to say..."

	"Say that you are trash."

	Her eyes closed against her tears.  "I...I am...trash..."

	"Good."  Adam nodded as if he were pleased.  "No tell say you are a Fuck
Toy."

	"Please..."

	"He gave you an order."  Susan barked at her, pressing the prod into her
stomach for a quick shock that caused Holly to jerk and cry out.

	"I am a Fuck Toy."

	"And a slut."  I added.

	"And a slut."

	"Tell us you liked what we did to you."  Chuck grinned and winked at me.

	"I liked...what you did..."

	"What was your favorite part?"  Susan pushed.

	"I..."  Holly shook her head and cried harder.  "I don't have a
favorite."

	"Does that mean you liked it all?"  I asked.

	"Yes.  Yes, I liked it all."

	"Good...I am so glad you liked it, because that means you will never
tell about it to anyone because you don't want to spoil what we have had."  Adam
ran his hand along her leg as he spoke and Holly nodded.  "If we allow you to
leave here, you can never ever tell anyone what happened; if you do, like we
said, no one would believe any of us would ever touch a trashy slut like
you...if you tell, we will come and get you again and then we will get as many
people as we can and allow them all to fuck you."

	"We are talking like a hundred people."   Susan flicked on the prod
again.

	"I won't tell..."  Holly cried out the promise around the pain.

	"And you have to do one more thing for us."  Suddenly Adam grinned and I
knew him well enough to sense an interesting thought had come to his mind.

	"Okay.  Just tell me..."

	"You have to quit your job with Jared."

	"Why..."  There was confusion in Holly's eyes as she looked at him and I
slapped her hard in the back of the head.

	"Because you don't deserve to be around our kind...you are a slut..."  I
allowed myself to strike her again and Susan pushed her back when she fell
forward, sobbing and gasping for air.

	"If you don't quit your job, we will show Jared the tape."  Chuck said.

	"We will tell him you begged us to treat you like a whore."  Susan added
coldly.

	"He will see you as the slut you are."  Granted, I knew none of what we
said at that point was true; Jared would not have blamed Holly...he was too
fucking noble for that, but in Holly's battered state of mind, she was too far
gone to understand as much and she quickly nodded.

	"Fine.  I will quit my job.  I swear it.  I will quit."

	"And you will never tell?"  It was Mark who asked this time.

	"Never.  No one.  I will never tell..."

	"Good girl."  Chuck stood and caught her arm, pulling her to her feet so
he could undo the cuffs as Holly silently cried and trembled.  "Here is what
happens now; your car is parked outside, so you are going to get in it, go home
and clean yourself up some more and tomorrow, you quit your job."

	"And know we will all have a copy of the tape."  I had to mock her.

	"And we will watch you."  Susan stood face to face with her.  "If we
even suspect you have told anyone..."

	"You will come back here for the gangbanging of your life."  Adam
finished.

	"And we will kill you."  Chuck wrapped his big hand around her throat
and gave it a hard squeeze, just to make his point clear and Holly nodded and
drank in a great gulp of air when he released her.

	"I will never tell.  Never."  She looked at all of us.  "Please...can I
go..."  I can't begin to describe what a pitiful sight she made, bruised and
crying and battered as she wrapped her arms around herself and Adam swatted her
hard on the ass before steering her out the door and to her car.




No Sin Goes Unpunished

	It took them five minutes to settle her in the vehicle, adding a few
more threats, just for good measure...we wanted her properly terrified and I
felt more than certain that she was as the two guys came back inside and we all
set around, drinking and laughing as we watched the tape.  Twice.  It was a
delight to see.  We had not missed a moment of the hell we had put Holly
through...hearing her cries echo from the television made me hot all over again
and Chuck and I had wide sex that night...I was one fire it seemed and the fact
was, Susan felt the same, as did Adam...Mark was the only one who acted more
subdued and when pushed, he admitted he was worried that Holly might not stay
silent, as she had swore to do, when fearing for her life.

	"She won't open her mouth."  Susan assured him with a smile.

	"Can you be sure?"

	"Come on, Mark."  Chuck sounded annoyed.  "She is scared shitless."

	"She is afraid we will bring her back here and do it all again."  I
grinned, finding I liked the thought as I snuggled into Chuck's lap and he
kissed my neck.  "Maybe it might be fun to do that...bring her back here..."  I
sighed and winked at Adam who nodded as he slipped his hand under Susan's shirt
to play with her breast...we were all relaxed and at ease...we felt no shame or
guilt and aside from Mark, none of us were worried; Holly was too afraid to say
a word...she would keep all that had taken place that weekend, to herself,
understanding the suffering she would certainly endure if she didn't and it
seemed Mark made an effort to believe our assurance as we cleaned up the cabin,
leaving no trace of evidence that we had been there.

	We changed the sheets and took them and the chains and toys with us and
we all kept a few, for the hell of it; they were souvenirs of sorts, or so Susan
called them with a laugh...we could put them away with the tape that Mark copied
for each of us, giving is our personal addition at school on Monday and he was
the first to point out that Holly was not on campus.  He hadn't seen her. 
Neither had I.  It was no big deal.  I figured she needed a day or so to
rest...we had been rough with her...I smiled again when I thought about it and
Chuck and I couldn't get enough of one another that afternoon as we watched the
tape in my room; I was sure I would never get over the sheer excitement I had
known during our weekend with Holly at our mercy and I was still feeling aroused
and pleased with myself when Jared came over for dinner that night and he seemed
quite and serious, an odd mood for him that prompted my mother to ask him what
was wrong...I felt my heart freeze in my chest when he said Holly's name and I
looked at him.

	"What about Holly?"  I sounded calm...I was furious...if the bitch
told...

	"She's gone."  Jared said it heavily and Adam looked up from his meal.

	"What do you mean gone?"  His eyes did not touch mine, but I could see
he was as tense as I felt...I held my breath and waited.

	"She left a message on my voice mail and she...all she said was she had
to leave and she was sorry.  She had to quit and that was it; I have no idea
where she is or where it is she was going and..."  He shook his head.  "There
was something in her voice that did not seem right and I have to say, I have a
had feeling."  He looked stressed, he was far too worried about the damn
girl...I wanted to say as much, but I forced myself to refrain quite as I
glanced at Adam and he gave a slight nod; he was not concerned...I shouldn't
be...the fact that the little slut had ran out of town was a good thing...she
couldn't get the fool idea to tell anyone what we had done to her...I saw it as
a blessing as I returned to my meal, recalling how Holly's eyes had filled with
tears...how she had screamed and cried and begged for mercy we had not shown
her; the memories were fresh in my mind even as I half listened to Jared and
Greg talk about what a kind girl and what a harder worker Holly had been.  They
were sorry to see her go.  Even my mother said she liked her, and it was her
wish that she was safe...they talked about Rita a bit, but I tuned that out and
as soon as I was finished eating, I went upstairs to call Chuck to tell him the
news and he laughed when he heard.

	"The little bitch was indeed scared shitless.  She ran.  We don't have
to worry that she will ever come back."  We had gotten away with the game and it
made me feel strong and powerful and I admitted to Chuck I was almost sorry
Holly had left; I had wanted the chance to torment her a little; I had wanted to
mock her...reminder her...but she had taken the ability to do that from me, so I
simply had to live with the memory.

	In the weeks and months that first followed that weekend, we talked
about it almost all the time; we watched the tape endlessly...it was a turn on
for all of us and once or twice, we thought about doing it again...finding a new
victim...but we didn't want to risk it.  Didn't want to spoil what he had had. 
Holly had been special.  Our time with her had been a once in a lifetime thing
that we never forgot and the truth be told, for long years that followed that
weekend, I never saw any sin in what we had done...I never saw it as a crime...I
never allowed myself to wonder if the ordeal had effected Holly in some horrible
way; the fact was I didn't care because I was heartless and cold and I had no
real understanding as to the implications that our actions had carried; Holly
was not someone who had mattered to me, in my world and I suppose I might have
walked through my entire existence without ever feeling shame or remorse had my
own life not changed one dark summer night, three years after we had taught
Holly what hell was all about.

	After graduation, I moved to Atlanta to attend college, wanting sometime
away from the small town where I had been born and raised; I was still involved
in a something of a long distance relationship with Chuck, who was residing in
Florida while he earned an accounting degree and it was a know fact that we
would both return to our roots once our education was complete...we had plans to
eventually marry and settle down to have a family.  It was all laid out, clean
and simple and neat.  No problems.  Standing in that one moment, we could see
the future clearly...or so I thought...I never took into account that unexpected
things tend to happen in life, without warning or meaning so I can honestly say
I was completely unprepared for the ordeal I endure late one night as I walked
back to my car after working out at a gym near my off campus apartment.

	I had just paused at a intersection, to wait for the walk sign, so I
could scurry right across the street to where I had parked and as I stood there,
suddenly a hard, heavy hand was wrapped firmly over my mouth...a knife flashed
in the light before it was pressed to my throat and I felt cold terror wash over
me like a wave when a harsh voice in my ear told me to be quite or die.  Then
and there.  If I behaved, I was safe.  If I fought, he would cut me open...I was
trembling inside and out and tears were running hotly down my pale cheeks as I
was pulled back into a darken alleyway where I was pushed with my face hard
against a wall as the man with the knife took my purse and rummaged through
it...I could her him tossing aside my keys...he ripped the cash and credit cards
from my wallet and my cell phone was tossed on the ground, where he crushed it
with a large, booted foot as I wept and kept my eyes closed, praying I would
live...he had what he wanted...or so I told myself...he had my money...but then
he turned he around and again the knife was against my throat and when I drew in
a shaky breath, all I could smell was his body sweat badly mingled with stale
cigarette smoke and cheep whisky.

	"Listen up, pretty bitch..."  He hissed the words in my face.  "It's
been a long and hot summer and I haven't had any pretty pussy in a long time, so
you are gonna be good and give me some..."  I felt brutal horror at his words
and I shook my head...but he gave me a hard slap on the face as I began to weep
and I was too aware of his knife to fight as he jerked me by the arm and lead me
behind a dumpster that reeked of sewage and damp trash and once there, he
ordered me to drop my jogging pants and when I refused, he slapped me again and
the knife rested between the valley of my trembling breast; his eyes were so
cold and filled with raging lust that I finally understood I had no real choice
but to do as he said, dying inside as I did.

	"Please..."  I sobbed the single word, but it only earned me another
slap to the my face and I finally forced myself to do as he said; I pushed by
jogging pants down my legs, along with my thong underwear and my assailant
grinned at the sight I made, standing up against the wall...he slid a hand under
my shirt to grope my breast painfully as he sucked on my neck for a long time as
I cried.

	It seemed a lifetime passed as he fondled me and bite into my skin
before again pressing the knife to my neck, leaving me with no choice but to
follow him deeper into the alley, around a dark corner...I nearly screamed when
we came across four other men, all sitting around a parked car and I shook my
head in vain, causing all of them to laugh as the man with the knife lead me to
the car and I was pushed back so I was laying on the hood while two others
pulled my arms painfully apart...pain was ripping through me and I wanted to beg
but knew it would do no good as my arms were tied to the review mirror and my
legs were pushed apart.  My sweater was shoved up.  My bra cut away.  I was all
at their mercy...Holly had been at our mercy....an image of her bloody, ravaged
body came to my mind as the man with the knife was the first to crawl on top of
me and I heard myself gasp in anguish when his large cock shoved its way into my
dry cunt while the others laughed and cheered endlessly, as well had all laughed
and cheered during our brutal weekend with Holly.

	I was tied to the car for hours as the five men fucked me in hideous
ways and when it was done, my pants were shoved at me and I was told to
dress...leave...if I told I would die...they had my wallet with my drives
licenses...I saw in their eyes that they had the means to end my life so I
nodded and ran as fast as I could back to my apartment where I ripped my
clothing off and showered.  Cried.  Showered again.  I couldn't escape the feel
of them...the smell...the taste...I didn't leave my apartment for three days and
when Chuck came to visit me as planned that weekend, I had no choice but to tell
him all that had happened and his reactions was simple; I was to never tell
anyone else what had taken place...never...he looked at me in a way that told me
he saw what I had suffered as something to be ashamed of and when I compared it
to what we had done to Holly, he barked that the two circumstances were
completely different.

	"You come from a good family and you are a lady where Holly was a tramp
and people expect such things to happen to tramps."  He was totally convinced
but I was not so sure and I shook my head, which annoyed him.  "Do you want
people to know that you were fucked by five men?  Men you don't even know?  Do
you want your mother to hear all the details?  You feel so guilty suddenly, do
you want to confess?  Do you want to take the tape we made and show it to Jared? 
You know Holly mattered to him..."  He threw a host of horrible questions and
comments at me and in the end, I agreed with all he said and I swore I would
never tell; I would never tell anyone what had happened to me or all we had done
to Holly...I would keep quite...I had to...it was all I could do, or so I told
myself again and again as I refused to think about what I had suffered and it
was a relief to discover that I wasn't sick or pregnant as a result of the
attack

	With the best efforts, I put that night from my mind and went on with
school...I was afraid for a long time and I didn't go back to the gym or out
alone at night at all and I couldn't enjoy sex as I once had, when Chuck and I
began sleeping together again, so I was not surprised when he began seeing other
women on the sly; he needed wildly, rough sex and I could not give it to him
anymore and we had a silent understanding that he would find it elsewhere...I
didn't care...I was numb inside...I began to drink a lot just to function at a
somewhat normal level and when Chuck and I married three years after my rape, I
was a shadow of what I had once been, but I was good at pretending and I did a
lot in the years that followed.  I laughed when I had to.  Smiled when I had to. 
I was perfect, or so others believed...I wondered aimlessly with Chuck guiding
me...I was empty inside myself and in my soul and while I was surrounded by the
people I had once felt so very close to, the person I suddenly shared a
disturbing connection with was Holly Tyson and I hated myself for it.  For what
we had done to her.  For what had happened to me.  I hated the guilt and the
shame I felt...I was consumed with the bitter emotions so completely that deep
down, somewhere in my soul, I think I knew that a day would eventually come when
all dark, evil deeds would be exposed to the light...a judgment day...that was
how I came to think of it in my mind and while I never shared that fear with any
of the others who had taken part in Holly's hell, I knew Susan and I shared the
same thought the early winter day, ten years after our weekend with Holly when
she received news that the cabin where we had played our sick game had burned to
the ground.

	What had caused the fire, or how it had started no one could say, the
police and the fire department were baffled, but Susan and I looked at one
another and knew the cold hard truth when a message was found spray painted in
the grass behind the smoldering ashes that had once been the cabin...a message
in bold, black letters that simply and very bluntly stated NO SIN GOES
UNPUNISHED....NO SIN GOES UNPUNISHED...the words bleed together in my mind as
Susan and I stood there, side by side, each of us all too clearly recalling just
what had taken place at that cabin...the sin that had been brutally committed
there so many years before...the sin we had believed we had gotten away with,
but suddenly...all too suddenly the truth was there for us to see as the fading
smoke filled our lungs and I knew that judgment day had come and knowing we were
guilty and that it was Holly who set as our judge and jury, the only real
questions was what method would she use to administer the executions we all so
rightfully had coming.


Chapter One




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  lisa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





