BDSM Library - Guest




Guest
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three beauties were over heard by the wrong person while they are talking about female orgasms, or was he the right person?
1 Previous days



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com





My DBSM tendencies were always been clear to me, but that evening something
superior exploded in my mind. Something irresistible and terrible... and
wonderful, of course.

I've never been a great drinker, my stomach has always prevented me to
exaggerate. It's a weakness, I admit it. I always need to relieve it quite
before to be really drunk. Obviously, I'm not wholly 'present' when it happens,
because I feel quite bad, but I get immediately better after having emptied my
stomach. Because, indeed, my mind is not alcoholised yet.

This is what happened that evening.

I ran to the pub's bath very sick, and I 'awakened' in the WC cabin few minutes
after having vomited. I felt strange at the sound of all those female voices,
and then I realized to be mistakenly entered into the women bathroom!

I was ashamed and confused, hence I decided to stay hided a little more and to
flee as soon as possible with the smallest number of witness possible.

I don't like to spy female's cackles, but in that occasion the subject became
soon really interesting...:

Female's orgasms!

I didn't know those girls, but just after few minutes I was already able to give
a name to each voice.

The discussion started from an extemporary confession of Mary, the most
interesting one, in that occasion. She laughing said that she needed to climax
at least 4-5 times a day.  She usually stimulates herself every day from her 12
years. Still to the present day she used to allure herself each day, because her
boyfriend was not enough for her needs, beside she sincerely admitted he's a
great lover, able to bring her to climax a couple of times every intercourse.

At the Christine's objection "Why don't you find a second lover?" Mary answered
that despite she admitted to be a hog, she was not a slut, and she preferred to
wait and to stimulate her engorged clitoris beside her asleep boyfriend 2 or 3
more times past every intercourse... above those 1 or two of the morning, still
into the bed or under the shower.

Involved in the matter, I even found a little cleft to look through, to couple a
face to each name.

There were 5 girls, all of them so beautiful, and so elegant. Indeed that pub
was an exclusive one, into which only wealthy people can accede. And, as
everybody knows, wealthy people mean young and beautiful girls.

Anyway, I was interested only on three of them:

The first one, obviously, was Mary, the brunette. She was also the tallest of
the group. She wore a dark blue jersey that perfectly followed her chest. She
wore no bra, showing her masterpieces of impudence tits. They are not sized, but
their firmness and their perfect cocktail-Martini glass-cup shapes, give them an
intoxicant look. Moreover the bitch was continuously pushing her slender chest
forward and up, throwing her elbows behind her, as to puncture with her pointed
nipples whoever is daring to stay in front of her. So thin, her elbows seemed
asking only to be tied there. She was an endless living provocation.

The second girl of my interest was Erika. She was the youngest, she was only 19,
and her beauty is that of the lustful innocence. She was a delicate figure, with
bouffant shoulder-long blonde hairs encasing a fine ingenuous face. Looking at
her wide shy blue eyes she would pass for a virgin and saint girl, but a single
glance to her fairly sized tits, maliciously kept up by a pert cup-free bra, was
betraying her real nature. And in fact, flushing in shame, she was the one that
confessed to match with Mary sexual needs. Erika too, I heard, needed to have at
least 5 or even 6 orgasms each day.

It was already a strangeness to discover Mary, but to find together two so eager
girls was a really accident. Indeed I think this was the spark for my internal
fury explosion.

This and Christina's assertion perhaps!

Christine was the buxomest of the group, although she's far to be plump. Her
sinuous arse's curves loveliness is second only to her waist thinness. Her full
and dropping tits are the most interesting man-toys invented in the world and
they are naturally, sure. Her brown long hairs were dropping over them, as to
protect them... even if without lasting achievement, I'm afraid!

Hearing about Mary and Erika greed, showing a sort of superiority Christina said
that, instead, her orgasm experiences were very infrequent and that in any case
she was absolutely unable to reach any kind of real fulfilments from
self-stimulation. But she was only pretending, and she was covering her evident
sadness.

But it wasn't the full truth. After a lot of uselessly more prattles, they all
stepped out from the bathroom, but Christine and her best friend, Lucy, who
lingered another minute, in which Lucy worryingly asked to Christine if she was
feeling good. Christine thanked Lucy, for her care and for not having told to
the others that, in truth, Christine hasn't never been able to reach a real
orgasm in whole her life.

Too much for my poor brain.

Through the pub documents I was soon able to know their three addresses, and in
the months following I carefully prepared their disappear. 

I followed their movements, I spied their habits, also their intimacy, having
placed many microphones and also few micro cameras in their flats.

Soon I knew the threes so intimately, that I could verify the truthfulness of
their bathroom confessions, and more over.

In the meanwhile I bought a proper "house" in a country in which a wealthy
person may even buy a deep "privacy".

The house is indeed a vast mansion in the middle of an insulated property. From
the outside it looks like a Mafioso boss hideout, but exiting from it is
absolutely more unlikely thing than penetrating it. It is a prison, my prison,
in which to detain my unlucky inmates.

Uselessly to describe the care I put in the realisation of the so furnished
mansion's dungeon and cells section, simply the top.

Perhaps a contemporary disappear of three young pretty girls that moreover they
knew each other had to be a dangerous hazard, but was the only chance, and I
don't mean to loose it. In two days they vanished all the three, and five days
after they already were into their new home... and life.

They full enjoyed a trip lasted four terrible endless days, tied (rather
comfortably) and gagged inside small wooden boxes, in which they have been fed
with liquids through a pipe connected to their gags.




2 The first day



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com







They have been anaesthetized just few hours before their arrival, hence I had
the chance to give them a clean from their own excrements, to wear them some
clean lingerie and to prepare them for their first day.

They awaked laid on the dungeon's floor, over a thin rug, already tied... as
suitable for three beauties like them.

Their wrists are cuffed with padded leather wrist-cuffs, but the leather hides a
sort of stitched steel bands, like the coat-of-mail of ancient knights, but
technologically a lot more advanced, so thin, so pliable and so resistant. Each
cuff mounts a couple of flapping D-Rings, for any purpose. At the present moment
their wrists are restrained behind their backs, very uncomfortably up, at the
centre of their shoulder blade, except for the youngest one, the blonde Erika,
that being the more flexible of the group, I've already been able to bring their
wrists and her hands to face, draught upper, almost till her neck. I fixed her
arms in that terrible position with a soft leather strap wrapped around her
forearms, keeping the wrists to touch excitingly. Her hands remain linked like
she was praying, but behind her back.

The soft leather strap is also thin and large, almost 7-8 cm, to not compromise
the blood circulation.

Between her elbows there is almost 25 cm, I would really like to bring them
closer, but I'm afraid to dislocate her shoulders.

Instead her two friends have their arms tied to their harness-bra and their
hands are somehow crossed.

All the three are wearing a harness-bra, beside collars and ankle-cuffs of the
same type of their wrist-cuffs.

The harness-bra doesn't hide any steel-mail core: it is only a series of crossed
leather thongs that entraps the victim's torso. Three of them are horizontal,
and encircle their body just above their tits, just below them, and the larger
one clasps their waist, narrowing it some, and giving to my preys a so exciting
hourglass shape. No matter their discomfort, but it is only the beginning!

Uselessly to say that all over the harness there are small and smaller rings and
D-rings or other kind of joints for every purpose, especially all around each
tit and all around the waistband.        

So that I may decide how to attach their limbs to their own body in any desired
position.

Their ankle cuffs are linked with 30 cm of chain, which will hobble their paces
and the centre of it is linked to a ring on the floor.

I wickedly wore them panties, as unlikely protection. Except for the restrains
and the panties, they are completely naked. But the temperature in my dungeon is
very comfortable, there is no way they could get sick here.  

When I step into the dungeon I find all the three awakened, and Mary even
managed to stand up. Instead Christine is knelt and Erika is completely ruined
on the floor in great anguish. She's mewing and swinging by the discomfort in
her arms, but her vulnerability is to the top, and she's the first one to sense
it, despite the panty. Mary instead is fighting against her bonds, in anger and
hopeless.

Christine's reaction is the most interesting one, she simply stays there, knelt,
with head bowed, as she was focusing something.

All the three complain in their expressions the signs of them first taming
lesson, just undergo during the terrible travel.

For the moment I prefer to have their whole attention, hence their amazing faces
are entrapped by a leather harness that is steady keeping in place a rubber
penis gag, thick and long enough to fill their condemned mouth almost up to the
beginning of their throats, without endangering their respirations.

&lt;Listen to me please, I'm about to explain you what is happening&gt;

I obtain their full attention in a second, six attentive eyes are looking fixed
at me.

&lt;You are tied like this because you are all slaves now... My slaves. You are
mines, I may do to you whatever I like, and you will soon discover how serious
your situation is. We are in a place so far from yours country, in which you
wouldn't have any chance to go anywhere, even in the case you would able to
flee, but there is no way to flee from here, and your punishment in that case
would be very ruthless... But still nothing, compared to what it would happen to
you in the case you would decide to bite or to cause any other physical offence,
of course... I would extirpate all your teeth, don't bring me up to this
point&gt;

They all started weeping, Mary too, even cursing behind the gag.

But I've only initiated their education.

&lt;As you have surely already seen, here there are a lot of instruments
suitable to teach to three slave like you the right way to behave, in the next
months I will be glad to show you their functioning, we'll be as a band, I will
be the player, my dungeon will provide the instruments, and you will be the
vocalists.&gt;

&lt;I expect a blind obedience from you, and I will have it, don't doubt. I love
torturing females, and I brought you here exactly for this purpose. I will
torture you simply for my pleasure, but torturing you for training or for
punishment is so better, hence I hope that at least one of you will attempt to
resist me as long as possible, in the way to elongate my delight. And don't hope
that I will forgive your lacks, each of them will be a perfect occasion for me
to enjoy your sufferance&gt;.

They are scared, of course. Their restraint, the chains, the pain in their arms,
all those shocking torture instruments all around them, the rubber invaders in
their unwilling mouths... Some tangible evidences of my seriousness and of their
misery.

I approach Mary, that even if scared, with ostentatious annoyance, she turns her
flank to me staring at me defiantly and menacingly. &lt;Good, you listened to
me, so we start from you then!&gt;, but before to proceed I look at her and
&lt;Now I have intention to bend and to release your feet from the floor, then I
will lead you to a whipping post where I'm giving you your first good whipping,
that you are deserving more than any other in the world, but if you dare hitting
me while I'm down, I will tie you on that beautiful wooden chair and I will
extirpate your nails... your choice&gt;. I taste her barely hidden shiver, then
I kneel.

Not only she doesn't dare hitting me, but also she follows me obediently to the
padded horse over which I tie her steadily. With her cooperation, I tie Mary
transversally bent over the padded horse, her lower belly supported on the horse
ridge. Her ankles cuffs chained one to the horse frontal leg and the other to
the posterior one, is keeping her legs very spread. Among her ache complains,
I've freed her arms from the upper of her back, and I've attached her wrists
cuffs in front of the respective ankle. Her butt is very exposed, she surely
awaits to be raped, but I've not decided about it yet.

&lt;As you may notice, still being whipped there is some advantages, you all
three will shortly appreciate each of the rare moments in which you will have
your arms extended... I love females with their arms harshly restrained behind
their back&gt;.

I quickly arrange Mary hairs in a kind of ponytail, and I unplug her mouth from
the penis-gag, letting her discovering that it was inserted through a rubber
lined elastic ring-gag. She may force her jaws, but she's very far from being
able to close her mouth.

&lt;This way you may scream freely, Mary, and this way you will caress my ears
and excite me a lot, and there is other kind of facilities, as you will soon
discover&gt;. And after having supported a knee on the floor I grab her ponytail
with one hand and I unceremoniously insert my dick into her opened mouth. I
force her few seconds there, yelling in anger with the salty intruder inside
her, then I let her head go, allowing her to slip from around my tool.

&lt;Mhmm, no, no, this is not a good slave behaviour at all, we have to take
some provisions&gt;, I move behind her and I grab a thin rubber crop, but before
to start, I notice two terrified stares toward us, and I change my mind.

I move to Erika, still laid to the floor on her flank, desperate for the
terrible position of her arms. As I join her I see her fear to grow, she would
like to flee, but she's unable even to attempt it. The constraint in her arms
prevents her from anything, and her desperate helplessly increases the
impertinence of her white tits through the leather harness. She's whining
submissively at me, imploring for mercy, and although I'm not touched from her,
I think that I could exploit it to amuse me. I've Mary to harshly punish today,
I may decide otherwise for Erika... For Christine I don't have clear ideas yet,
her behave is so strange. She weeps, she's scared, she's humiliated, but she
doesn't react in any way, she stays knelt, simply, watching all over.

&lt;Poor Erika, you are the most uncomfortable one&gt; I mock at her seizing her
nipple between my index and thumb, eliciting a higher whimper. &lt;Perhaps you
would like to follow the show closer? Ok, you may approach us, but you have to
pose yourself more properly, don't you?&gt;. I free her from the floor, I lead
her upright and I drag her beside her friend, &lt;Kneel mannered there and be
attentive, I'm evaluating if you are going to be the next one&gt;. At these
words she escapes a yell of fear, but she manages to stay knelt on site, well
erect, obviously, to ease her shoulders distress. &lt;Ohps, I almost forgot...
you surely appreciate a support&gt;. I take the necessary from a drawer and I
return to Erika, whom has already started to shout around the gag. I lead her
forehead on the floor, I tear out her panties, and then I begin inserting an
anal plug into her asshole. It is not so thick, it is pliable and 20 cm long. I
plunge her calmly, enjoying her moans. I need to use a lot of lubricant
&lt;Never allowed someone up there?&gt; a shrill yell is her answer &lt;Mhm,
strange, but it would be only a matter of time I think, you are only 19, plenty
of time to improve... Hey slaves!&gt; I address to the other two &lt;Who of you
already had her ass deflowered?&gt; No reactions &lt;I suggest you to answer me,
and to tell me the truth, because if I catch you lying me, you would regret it
for long... Christine?&gt; And with my surprise I see Christine meekly nodding
her head, confessing her back defloration &lt;Good, honesty will be rewarded,
even just a little... but soon you will look for any kind of reward, no matter
its dimension, like the only purpose of your life... And you, Mary?&gt; a vexed
"Haaa" and her head shaking are plain, but I'm not convinced at all, I leave the
abused Erika's ass, finally corked, and after having raised her on her knees, I
shift behind Mary's butt. &lt;I can't believe it, a 'hog' like you, still virgin
in her ass... almost impossible&gt; I slip my hand under her panties and I
unceremoniously insert my already lubricated medium finger into her, her
disappointed groan is consequent, but I ignore it and, amused, I rummage her.
She's resisting me &lt;No, no Mary. Your owner want to probe you, you have to
allow him&gt;. I take position behind her spread legs and I land a first good
blow over her upright arse with the rubber crop, and I wait. After a second or
two of disbelief, Mary emits a high yell of pain and surprise. She was surely
not ready of that. Then I give her other 5 hard strokes, letting her completely
disarranged. Then I reinsert my hand into her, finding, this time, very less
resistance &lt;Mhm, very tight, perhaps you are sincere, incredible, I leave
this delight for next days games&gt; and I retire my hand.

I wait five minutes in which she regains her control. As she does, she starts
franticly to beg me through the ring gat to stop. I move in front of her, I grab
her ponytail and I lift as possible her head to me &lt;Now you know what is
awaiting you and you may enjoy it fully&gt; ignoring her insistently renewed
pleas I move behind her and I take to properly whip her as she deserved. I hit
her calmly but steadily and continuously, intercalating the lashes with only few
seconds between them. I'm cruel, but I'm enjoying Mary's screams in desperation.
She's pulling her restrains, so hard as so uselessly, begging me as loud as
possible to stop, I know she would be ready to whatever I like, only to have a
single minute of rest, but there are not, there is only pain, excruciating pain.

I move my attentions all over her exposed body, on her butt, on her thighs, her
back, mercilessly, then when I'm almost satisfied I switch in front of her, and
I began to hit right on her lower back centre, allowing the tip of the rubber
whip to wrap her gaping inner most.

She released her bladder and she fainted at the second blow, and I stopped.

Watching at Erika I notice a puddle under her knees too. To much fear for the
youngest slave.

Christine instead was pounding shortly, like she had run. Stranger and stranger
girl.

With the hose I wash the floor and Erika lower legs, the cold water makes her to
swells her chest while she looses her breath, and her nipples become instantly
erect, attiring me irresistibly.

&lt;Very, very nice&gt; I exclaim twirling them both between my indexes and
thumbs. She is moaning in anticipation, but I'm not really hurting her...
perhaps only a little... anyway not too badly. &lt;My dear, you will pray for
such a kind treatment in the next hours&gt;. Her defeated and submissive
attitude is stirring &lt;Answer me promptly, Erika, if I free your mouth will
you use it to scream or to beg completely uselessly foolishnesses or will you
remain quiet and obedient, screaming only when in great pain?&gt; 'Yes' she nods
with her blue eyes filled of tears &lt;Yes will you avoid to bother me?&gt;
'Yes' &lt;Will you address at me as Master?&gt; 'Yes' she answers after a slight
hesitation and with weak movement &lt;Will you address at me as your unique
Master?&gt; I repeat twisting harder her poor nipples. After a sudden jump of
pain she nods more properly and I release the torsion, without realising the
sensitive and unaccustomed to suffer nubs. &lt;Will you absolutely avoid to
plead me to release your arms from the cruel constraint in which I've put them
and in which I've still intention to keep them for long?&gt; this time a waving
wail couples the defeated 'Yes', but the most amusing answer has still to come
&lt;And will you avoid to beg me to stop whipping you? You are the next one, do
you know it?&gt;. She collapses, pale and semi-unconscious, toward me. I lead
Erika to the floor, and I revive her with the hose. She awakes weeping in a
puddle of cold water.

I leave her there sighing and I move close to Christine. That for the first time
she stares terrorized right at me along many seconds.

&lt;Christine, you are the strangest of the group, what does it pass through
your mind?&gt;. She lowers her head. &lt;It seems that you feel yourself not at
the level of your friends... even I well know that you three are not very
friends, you simply know each other, and they don't know everything of you,
don't you? Only Lucy knows all of Christine, isn't?&gt; I succeeded in doing her
to hoist her eyes to me in disbelief. &lt;Oh, yes my dear, I know a lot of
secrets of your three, I spied you for long time before to kidnap you. Be
careful in lying at me, because you can't even guess what I really know and what
I ignore about my slaves... Yes I already knew about your asses, you saved a lot
of tortures telling the truth&gt; I turn my head toward Erika a moment and I
invite her to assume a suitable position &lt;Erect you, stupid slave, you rested
enough!&gt; she immediately manages to kneel properly, even if with a lot of
difficulties, then I return to Christine. I seize her both nipples, and I use
them to weigh her prominent tits &lt;You are the most shaped, none of your
colleagues gets a pair of tits like this&gt; then I slip one hand under her
panties, to caress her full buttocks, but she doesn't seems surprised at all, it
is like it was the natural consequence of the situation... and she's right!

&lt;Do you prefer to be whipped at once instead of waiting for Erika turn? Your
arse deserves a good punishment for its ... cheek&gt; A whine escapes, but from
Erika, nothing instead from Christine. Christine stays there, silently, not
challenging, she's... strange, and scared, of course, I may clearly notice
waving quivers running over her knelt and bowed body.

In the meanwhile Mary is awakened, and she's wailing for the pain all over her
backside and in her crotch. She's not bleeding, but the many marks are bright
red and swelled.

&lt;Christine, my dear, I know that you are the only one of my slaves with
something in her skull, hence now I will give you some degrees of movement, and
I expect that you will use whole your grey matter to behave in the only possible
way&gt;. I'm inspired, if it works I'd found something very interesting,
otherwise I will put her again to the level of the two others. Hence I free her
ankles from the floor bolt, but I allow them only 20 cm of slack among them, and
I untie her wrists from the high of her back. I release her arms slowly, as I
already made with Mary, I don't mean to injury them, I've whole the time, I want
to hurt my slaves only in those ways which I enjoy so much.

As she's anew able to distend her arms I link together her wrists in front of
her, with only 10 cm of slack. All the padlocks are locked, I love the sound of
the click of the padlock while it springs secured around a captive's freedom
degree.

I hand her a pot and I withdraw. She stares at me stunned again. I understood
now, she stays bowed and quiet whole the time she is understanding what it
arrives, no matter if it is a torture a scream or fear or distress, if it is
foreseeable that it is arriving or adequate to the situation she seems to accept
it, instead she stares at me when something unexpected happens... So strange
behaviour.

&lt;Stand up, slave!&gt; She manages to obey as soon as possible &lt;Now come to
me and give me your back&gt;. As she arrives I unbuckle her harness gag and I
completely free her mouth &lt;You already heard the rules, follow them!&gt;. She
stays quiet, but since her arms are not constrained, she assumed a too hunched
posture for a slave. &lt;Absolutely bad! I just allowed you a grant and do you
think to exploit the situation? Immediately on your knees again, knees wide,
forehead on the floor, hands distended ahead, AND DO NOT DARE TO OBJECT !&gt;
with only a mew of fear she obeys. I've her arse in air, completely available. I
tear her panties, &lt;You need a support, one like that of Erika, it will be
right to teach you the suitable poses in front of your Master&gt;. She
endeavours to suffocate her moans, but she escapes something during the 20 cm
long butt plug insertion. I obviously have bigger and longer plugs than this,
but I will enjoy their effects by the time, for the first days this size is
quite enough.

&lt;You enjoy it, I know&gt; I mock her &lt;you just confessed that you like to
have your asshole entertained&gt;, but she's too engaged in the pain and the
fear to react in any way. Indeed, since she's unable to climax, I deduce that
she attempted all the possible ways to please her partner, and she gave herself
as deeply as possible, even if without reaching the hoped result. Opposite issue
for Mary, that she negated her rear virginity only for haughtiness... but she's
about to loose it... forever.

As upright again, without any other instruction, impaled with the rubber
support, Christine assumes a proper position, erect but with eyes toward the
floor, she's keeping only her feet a little too apart, to ease the putt plug
presence &lt;I think I've overestimate you...&gt; but before I continue the
phrase she gives a quick glance all over herself, then she closes her legs and
she waits perfectly standing &lt;... good! Your punishment will be decreased a
little, a dozen of blows to decrease from those that you have to receive as
welcome in your new home &gt; She only increases her respiration.

&lt;Now move behind that stupid slave and use the ointment in the pot to
medicate her belonging signs&gt; Instead I move in front of Mary, I support anew
my knee on the floor, I grab her hairs, I pull out my dick from my boxer, and
while Christine softly spreads ointment over her wounded body, I slip it anew in 
Mary mouth. This time she doesn't dare to fight me, she stays there, with my
tool inside, breathing around it defeated.

&lt;No no, my dear, this would be perhaps enough before, now if you want to
avoid another additional good whipping session to that you just tasted, you have
to push yourself ahead, and it is possible that I decide to whip you anyway,
only for amusement, so?&gt; And slowly, almost at the same rhythm of Christine
massage over her trembling body, I feel her warm tongue twirling around my
invading shaft. A great sensation, but I don't delude myself having already
tamed that arrogant bitch... and I hope not too.

&lt;Christine, don't forget her intimate, you have to reach still inside
her&gt;.

I've not a clear view, but Christine is slipping her delicate fingers inside
Mary pussy, because I feel Mary stirring, in embarrassment, in relief, and I
think also in pleasure... A hog like her... 

I withdraw before to climax, she's not ready to have my seed yet.

&lt;Ok Christine, withdraw and kneel!&gt; I untie Mary hands &lt;Mary, bring
your hands where they were before&gt; she has still her legs wide spread, and
she's bent over the padded horse, there is nothing she could attempt. Slowly,
wailing loud, she offers me her right wrist, which I seize and I calmly but
firmly drag up to her shoulder blades and I link it there. Then she offers me
the left one. I drag it too in place, but I'm not satisfied yet. She's not so
flexible as Erika, but her figure is very slender. She's taller than the others,
but she's slim, excitingly slim, then &lt;You don't deserve it, Mary, but if you
help me on tightening your arms like those of Erika, I will avoid you the next
whipping session on your impudent tits as I planned&gt; a long wail follows my
words, and a series of affirmative nods is her choice. &lt;Ok I take the
necessary&gt;. Slowly, following her times, but finally, at the first day of
training, I already got Mary and Erika with hands behind her neck and wrists
stuck together, a success!

I free her from the padded horse and I lead her knelt beside Erika, with hobbled
ankles too.

&lt;Ok Mary you may rest a little now, I will punish those insolent tits
tomorrow&gt; She yells in anger &lt;It was an agreement only for today,
obviously. Tomorrow, tied like this, I will enjoy making you to faint for the
pain on your breast&gt; I seize her pointed nipples &lt;I saw you when you were
still a free woman. You used these insolent tits as weapons, to bend everybody
to your feet&gt; I lift them, causing Mary to groan continuously &lt;I saw you
throwing your elbows behind your chest, in order to thrust more out your weapons
at each pace, to daunt your victims... But now my dear, now you will thrust them
out only in order to offer them to me as toys to torment&gt; A scared mew
&lt;Ohpss, I almost forgot to provide you a little friend for your ass, like
your colleagues. You already saw them, your turn now, down!&gt;. I support her
while, weeping but obediently, she brings her forehead on the floor, then I play
the same game with her until she hides an unkind anal plug inside her too.

I lead her knelt (properly, of course), and I move behind them, and I manage to
completely free their mouths. &lt;Avoid making me repent of this kindness, I've
all instruments to keep you gagged continuously for weeks&gt;. 

&lt;Christine, take that cup and that bottle and give to drink to your friends,
give it them as much as she want, and then drink your way... Oh, I know, you
still have to be whipped, and also to pee. It would be better that you pee
before the whipping instead that during it. So, if you want, you have to do it
in that drain, squatted but with erect torso, facing me and with your hands
behind your head, with elbows wide... NOW!... Or move at once to the padded
horse, your decision&gt;.

She silently moves over the drain grid, silently she squats there, her feet
splayed on the floor and her knees up. Slowly she raises her hands and she
passes them over her head, keeping her forearm along a single horizontal line
that creates a T with that of her back. Between her spread knees her intimacy is
on embarrassing perfect view, and meekly, with hot silent tears dropping from
her bowed eyes, but nothing else happens. &lt;NOW, I SAID!&gt; and in few
seconds, starting trickling then growing in a full stream, a yellow liquid is
melting with that clear dropping from her eyes.

When finished &lt;Good, you avoided further lashes. Now give to drink to those
slaves, then to the whipping, then you may have to drink your way... You will
surely appreciate it more than ever&gt;.

She continues to obey meekly, encased in her harness that exalts more her
lustful tits and arse, she performs all my commands, till to bent over the
padded horse. I go there and I free the chain between her feet, I lead her feet
to the respective horse leg and I tie there very spread. her pussy is gaping
behind her.

I haven't touched any pussy at all yet. It is not a chance, it is a choice, I
like to delude them as useless and as longer as possible.

Before to move to the other side I lead Christine erect with their hands behind
her head, and from behind her I cup her tits with my hands &lt;They are rather
big, Christine, which size?&gt; for the first time I hear her voice as slave
"...D ... D cup..." I give her a sudden squeeze &lt;DD cup WHO?&gt; "HAAAhhh...
DD cup, Master". &lt;Better, but you gained extra lashes, and also a good
massage&gt; I link the centre of the wrist chain to her collar and among her
yells I enjoy mauling those succulent toys. She has to enjoy it fully, trapped
as she is, her legs tied obscenely widened, hands over her head and chest
trapped between my abusing hands and me. After 10 minutes of anguish and joy,
&lt;Down now, time for the whip!&gt;.

Under the double terrified stare of her friends, that are going crazy for the
mad twist of their arms, I finally start whipping the buxom Christine.

Her screams are full and loud. After the firsts 15 lashes on her butt, she
started begging me to stop. I obviously ignore her, switching my caresses over
her shapely thighs, where I linger for 20 endless blows.

Then it would be the turn of her back, but I move in front of her and I wait
some minutes that she regains herself &lt;As reward for your good behave I will
spare your back, now the final blows on your crotch and stop, are you ready
Christine?&gt; "Nhooo, nho, please, don't... Master, have mercy, nho....
HHHHaAAAhhhhhh..." The first lash has wrapped whole her crotch, kissing her
deeply. &lt;You are lucky that the butt plug is protecting you some, but we will
remedy increasing the blows number&gt; "Nnhhhaaa, plea....HHAAAAAHHhhh". Nothing
to do, I mercilessly hit her 5 times before she faints.

A quick glance at my other two guests. They stopped even to flap for the high
arm distress, they are terrified. I address to Erika that she's turned even more
pale, in mocking  tone &lt;Your turn now, little Erika&gt;. La pouvre: another
slight stream of piss between her spread knees, then she faints there, 2 metres
far from me... I'm so glad!

Christine awakes on the floor beside Mary, with her arms well dragged up behind
her back, even not up to the level of her colleagues. She founds her fresh,
un-bleeding, wounds already alleviated with ointment, and hobbled. She only may
manage to assume the right erected-knees-spread pose she already knows.

The terrified Erika is already partially tied to the horse. She's still upright,
with her trembling legs widened, but differently than her friends, I tied her
with her back to the horse ridge. She's almost unable to breath, I can't waste
such kind of power over a slave, I've to wait on whipping her... there is
absolutely no rush at least, except for a terrible need to punish those young
legs, so white, so tender, so well turned, without any of the lustful many
little edges of the shaped woman legs. Erika's toned-down legs have the
addicting charm of the innocence, and my idea won't save them from a lot of
cruel attentions. 

&lt;Be calm, Erika. I understood you are so scared from my whip, hence there
would be an alternative, even I think not so advantageous for you. Calm down and
listen to me&gt;. I gained her attention. &lt;I know the way you come... yes, I
mean your orgasms. I know that you used to come very often, and that you become
very wet at each orgasm&gt; Hearing my words she's become astonished "..." &lt;I
know a lot of secrets of yours, all you three have to be very carefully on what
you say and what you do, you have lost any control over yourself, I am in charge
now, and I control you three entirely... you will see it.&gt;&lt;Anyway, I think
I may spare you the whip if you assure me that you will accept the stimulations
which I'm about to subject you, even till to climax if I decide it. Be warned,
you are not the kind of girl who could think to simulate, and if I catch you
pretending, you would pass the night under my many whips. Do you want to try? I
give you 30 seconds to answer... in a suitable manner for a slave that addresses
to his master!&gt;. They don't pass more than 10 seconds when "Yes, I will do
whatever you want, but please don't whip me... Master" &lt;Mhmm, not so good,
but it is your first time, and moreover Mother Nature gave you a lot of
esthetical  bonus, but was very miserly with intelligence&gt;. I hit a sore
spot, she passes from astonishment, fear and anticipation to guilty sadness. Her
blue eyes restart to tear and they search a low hideout. I let go one of their
nipples that I was continuously gently twirling, and I seize her chin to raise
her stare anew to me &lt;No, no, my dear. Be happy. Your lack of intelligence
isn't no more a problem now, Erika, you are a slave now, forever, you are mine,
and is only my prerogative to judge you, no other could do it anymore, even
yourself has not this right. I will tell you what you have to think about
yourself, and you will only have to obey me and to think it... Simple things for
a simple mind like yours&gt;.

She's wounded, wounded in her soul, scared and perplexed. To gain more attention
I increase the tension on her still trapped nipple, then &lt;Now I show you how
much your life is simplified by now. Listen to me very well, I give you the
instructions to avoid the whip for today: You are tied in such a strict manner
that there is no way to oppose to me. I may do to you and I may obtain from you
whatever I decide. There is nothing that you or anybody else can do about. Then
give yourself way, don't think of anything else than to obey me and to enjoy as
much as possible whatever it happen to you, even if unpleasant, and even if
painful, because it will happen anyway. Give yourself to your captor as you
desired it, and by the time you will really love it... Believe me, because there
is nothing else you can do&gt; I pause staring into her perplex eyes, then
&lt;And remember that there is many whips ready to persuade you&gt; then I grab
her face between my hands and I kiss her mouth. After a couple of seconds of
astonishment she allows my disrespectful tongue invading her, and after 5-6 more
seconds, she closes her eyes and she abandons herself into my hands, supporting
her breast on me and answering to my kiss to her better... or at least, almost
to her better.

&lt;Good, Erika, simple life stile you see? I'm glad! Now we'll push further.
Christine! Come here, quick!&gt; obedient and limp she arrives silently.
&lt;Kneel there. You haven't drunk yet, then, you may milk your friend, make her
release the liquid you are craving for!&gt;.

Their reactions are interesting. They all three remain dumbfounded, but while
Erika is evidently relieved to be the object and not the subject, and Christine
submitted at once at her unavoidable fate, it is Mary that she complains alone
"Monster, how can you do such a thing to us?" I immediately move toward her,
that she scared shut up immediately, but it is too late. &lt;I was hoping you
gave me to opportunity to please myself with your screams...&gt; &lt;Christine!
I want to see your nose tip touching Erika gaping clitoris, NOW! And stay there,
still and shut!&gt; She obeys, Erika pussy scent is pervading her senses. I turn
back to Mary. I pick up Christine and Erika' torn panties and I stuff them in
Mary groaning mouth &lt;You wanted a preview perhaps, suck it then! Young crotch
taste will surely mitigate the long anguish you are about to undergo&gt; I fix
the panties with a strap around her head. &lt;Crawl in that corner now... URRY
UP!&gt;. There is an iron grid cage in that corner, so little that Mary couldn't
even think going into, in fact when I open the upper door she stares at me
puzzled &lt;stand up!&gt; I rise her grabbing her waist and I insert her feet
inside the cage &lt;kneel!&gt; She understood, and she starts to shake her head
desperately, pleading me with her eyes, but I've my crop and I give her a good
lash over her rear thighs. She kneels almost felling. With relief she feels the
padding over the cage floor.

She has to bent her head almost till to slip her nose between her knees in order
to stay inside. I close the upper door that pushes slightly on her twisted arms,
there is no room to move at all, she only may swing her feet a little.

&lt;Mhmm, too much allowance for your feet, don't you?&gt; I take some tools in
a closet and I kneel beside her left foot. &lt;Don't force me to use the pliers,
Mary, give me your left foot, immediately!&gt; Through the thin bars I seize her
delicate foot and I apply a special clamp, made to wrap a finger and unkindly
catch it. The pain is not immediate, or better the most part of it is not
immediate, it arrives few minutes later, a bone pain, not terrible, however very
insidious. Before she realizes her feet predicament, I already clasped both her
middle foot fingers and tied the pins at the sides of the cage, preventing her
to move them any more.

Now she may only weep in despair, and she does it ... intoxicatingly!

&lt;Christine! Run here!&gt; she arrives shuffling &lt;Kneel! And listen to your
friend anguish&gt; Mary is at the most of the sufferance, and she has still to
bear it for long. &lt;Observe her, her slim figure is whole contracted there, If
you hesitate to obey me, I'll put you in the exact situation, and with your
florid curves it would mean that I would almost certainly have to dislocate your
shoulder sitting over the cage door to clasp you inside... You'll breath with
great difficulties and the pain would be high, very higher than hers. Return to
your place and begin using your tongue on Erika cunt, I want to see her to
climax, and you busy on sucking her juice, RUN!&gt;.

I follow Christine after having greet Mary with a couple of pinches on the sides
of both her tits &lt;I will take great care of these sassy tits, perhaps still
tomorrow, don't be in a hurry, you will loose your voice by screaming in pain
for them&gt;. I found Christine sweetly probing Erika's pussy. I shift to the
other side of the horse, behind Erika, and I wrap her tits, gently fingering
them. I massage them and I twirl their so sensitive tips, they harden under my
touch &lt;Don't attempt to think by yourself, Erika, no one here expects this
from you, just remember my instructions and blindly follow them... Now!&gt; and
I pinch her both nipples at once. She doesn't scream, she's moaning... Perfect.
I continue my mauling, but I'm a little rude, not harsh, but surely unkind, and
she's exciting herself, and she greets it. &lt;Good Christine, deeper, firmer
now!&gt; I flow one hand down, and when I arrive to Erika cunt, Christine
withdraws her mouth. &lt;Restart immediately your work, Christine! You are not a
goose like Erika, I can't accept such foolishnesses from you, you earned an
additional punishment Christine&gt; Without further hesitations Christine
restarts to lick Erika cunt and my finger at once &lt;I knew you are smart, and
this reparation wins you a lighter spring choice...&gt; I take some
spring-clamps &lt;even if my standard is anyhow 'elevated'. You know...&gt; I
kneel beside her &lt;I sustain that a clamp is a torture instrument, what does
the mean of those that are bearable?&gt; She sobs inside the wet and wet Erika
sex, and the sob becomes a moan as I release the first clamp around her left
nipple &lt;I may apply them only if the victim has her hand restrained,
otherwise its could resist on removing it, no matter the consequences... but it
is not your problem Christine, isn't ?&gt;. With her both nipples squeezed she
wines in pain and she wriggles her body, although she cutely doesn't dare to
leave Erika pussy, which instead has started to drip generously.

I kneel behind Christine, I grab her ponytail and I pull her head to me, &lt;You
see? She excited feeling your pain, she likes it, she enjoys it, and she will
climax thinking of you in torment reeling inside her engorged sex. look at her
clit, it is spurted out from its protection to be allured better from you... So
take back your job!&gt; And I push her back into Erika, that she welcomes her
homecoming with a long moan of pleasure. And finally, melted among the
continuous Christine's pain whines, I distinguish a disappoint grunt.

I return behind Erika and I restart to explore her all over. Sometime I tease
her deep butt-plug, and I notice that she really likes it, since after only few
seconds, fluttering her head in pleasure, Erika reaches an orgasm, rather
strong, considering all the new events.

I kneel near Christine ear &lt;Envious?&gt;, then I return to Erika &lt;Good my
little slut, you obeyed me, you need a reward, plead Christine to give you
another gift like this... PLEAD HER!&gt;.

Yes, surely my order had its weight, but Erika starts her request almost without
hesitations "C... Christine, please... Please Christine, give me another
orgasm... I need it, pleeesase... Christiiine... ".

I wickedly taste Christine expression, a mix of sense to be betrayed and
subjugate acceptation of it.

&lt;Christine, you heard your dear friend... I'm afraid you have to drink a
little more... Get working, I want a noteworthy orgasm this time!&gt;.

She's so excited that she reaches the second orgasm in less time than before,
and cuddling her from behind, I sense that it starts more powerful than the
first one, but I roughly interrupt it immediately &lt;CHRISTINE! WHITDRAW
IMMEDIATELY!&gt;. My sudden shout and the removed stimulation fades Erika's
pleasure at once, leaving her into an evident frustration state.

&lt;Don't worry Erika, you well acquitted, I simply decided that is enough like
this. Regarding of the remaining daily orgasms that you need, you may attempt to
earn them in my bed... but remember that not only I'm very exacting, but also,
if you don't satisfy me enough, you will be whipped twice than your mates.

"No, no, Master, I'll be good, I'll be good, I swear" &lt;Will see, Erika&gt;. I
link a leash to her collar I untie her legs from the horse, &lt;Kneel!&gt;.
&lt;Christine I want you join us as sex maid, hence you have to be a little
prepared&gt; I lay her over a stretcher close to a surgical tray and I restrain
her collar there. &lt;Nipples piercing! Do you think that I need to restrain you
more than this?&gt; scared, she shakes her head &lt;Ok, I will be rapid, take
this in your mouth. You may bite it, but do not dare to spite it without a
direct order&gt; I insert a leather penis gag into her mouth, there is no
harness, only the mouth plug. In few minutes, after only few yells, she wears
two steel rings of 3 cm of diameter. Each one pierces horizontally just behind
the nipple base.

I release her from the stretcher and I allow her to stand up, then I disinfect
her very carefully and I link a tiny chain to the nipple rings. The chain is
long enough to descend from one nipple, flay over her knees, and raise to the
other nipple ring. There is a little piece of leather along the chain, as to
mark its centre.

&lt;Ok, now you may properly serve us while Erika will perform as bed slave&gt;
Without warning, I begin walking toward Erika, seizing Christine's nipple chain
between my fingers. At the very first tug she immediately begins following me
yelling.

I put the leather middle chain between Erika's teeth and &lt;Carry her with you.
You may be unkind with her nipples if she doesn't cooperate&gt; and I begin
walking with Erika's leash casually in my hand.

I knew that Erika tied like she is, despite her efforts, and moreover with such
an uncomfortable intruder stretching her ass, couldn't be able to walk without
continuously tugging at the delicate, aching and sensitised Christina's nipples.
But I didn't hope that Christine reaction could be so irritated. She grunted at
each tug, and her curses at the stupid Erika were so clear even around the gag.
I had to intervene &lt;Erika! Jerk harder my slave nipples at each complaint, or
I will pierce yours and I will invert the roles between you two&gt;. I scared
that stupid so much that in order to avoid the risk, Erika began obeying me
ostentatiously, jerking with her neck and shoulders the poor Christine's nipples
with such strength that I'm afraid she could damage them. Christine is almost
fainting in various occasions. Her nipples are bleeding plainly, they have to
hurt very badly. Her complaint grunts are became desperation whines, that Erika
is still unable to understand so terrified and idiot as she is.

&lt;You are both stinking, slaves. Better to have a quick shower, enter there
Erika!&gt; I conduct them under the shower bar and I start a comfortable warm
cascade.

They both enjoy it a lot, and they ignore my lathered hands scrubbing their
defencelessly bodies all over &lt;Christine you may spite the leather penis and
you may drink from the shower, if you like&gt;. After a brisk drying I
eventually lead them into the bedroom.

I still prepared there a little assortment of tools, for all eventualities.

&lt;Ok, now Erika, time to pay your debt, and it will be an hard engagement, I
announce it you. Christine, kneel beside the bed, we will tug you up when I'll
retain you suitable&gt;. I link Christine's nipples chain to the headboard side,
I mount over the mattress and I sat with my upper back against the headboard, I
lift my knees and I widen them. &lt;C'mon Erika, let me see&gt;. But when she
climbs on the mattress she freezes knelt between my feet, unable to perform her
duties. &lt;You're disappointing me a lot, Erika. Until you was receiving
pleasure from Christine's mouth you was so eager, now instead, since is your
mouth turn to give pleasure you wouldn't... Yes, perhaps you only need a little
stimulus&gt; I pull the leash dragging her to me, then I spin around her and I
tie the leash short to the high canopy, trapping her knelt toward the headboard.
I cup both her guilty breasts.

It is an incredible sensation. Her arms so contorted behind her back make her
completely unable to resist to anything I like doing her. That fresh and
delicate body is at full disposition of me, its absolute owner.

I start massaging them lovely, I feel her relaxing &lt;You have to stuck in that
little mind that you are only a slave, and a slave has to perform whatever could
bring satisfaction to the master, and, most important, a slave lives to obey his
owner&gt;

My lovely tit massage suddenly turns into a strong mauling. Erika screams are
piercing the room. She pleads me to stop desperately, but I was craving to
punish her tits since her arrival, and now I had to do it adequately, and I go
through along endless minutes of Erika anguish.

I linger myself on twirling mercilessly her nipples enjoying her distress, that
becomes desperation as she feels my hand slipping down along her chest and then
over her belly and then arriving to its destination. &lt;Widen your legs when
your master wants to visit his absolute properties, slave&gt;. She does it, but
pleading "Nhoooo, nhoooo...". But is &lt;Yes instead! Now you going to have a
little taste of the mean of the word 'to belong'. Your treasure, your only
support mean, doesn't belong to you anymore. Hoo yes, Erika, I know that you had
nothing else, not a diploma, not a craft, not a job, nothing else than your body
and your pussy&gt; I'm digging inside her with my middle finger now, not
painfully, but uncomfortably at least. She's gasping in shock at my sudden
invasion, she can't even scream or plead, she may only wriggles her arse in the
vain attempt to ease my grip. &lt;You exploited it to survive, or better to
maintain yourself, and so fine. You chose your boyfriends calculatingly...
instinctively of course, you are not able to calculate nothing at all. You were
no more than a whore, only the methods were different. But now you has even not
the only merchandise you had before... it is mine now!&gt; And my action become
harsher, I pinch and grasp her pussy as I was doing with her tit, and the
screams restart higher, but I'm on the target, there is nothing she may do, she
may only scream, such desperately than uselessly.

More eternally minutes pass, I'm punishing her maintenance tools as they
deserve, enjoying her wriggles of pain, she's in hell, and I'm in ecstasy.

And even her soft innocently shaped thighs are become my victims. Many
interesting screams are produced from cruel pinches all over them.

Then she succeeds in persuading me to stop "Maaster, pleeeease I will dooooo.
I'll do whatever you desire... I swear...Masteeer... I'll be the best I swear
Maaasteeer".

And she was sincere, actually, as soon as I unhook her from the headboard she
assumes the right bent position between my legs, even if unsteadily, and she
begins to properly work on her master's sex. 

Calming me down I glance at Christine. Her expression is almost... satisfied,
but still diffident. Casually caressing Erika's busy head I address at her
&lt;Oh, Christine, I know that you are thinking that I'm managing to stir up
conflicts between you three slaves, but it isn't exact: I'm only showing you
what you could expect from your two 'friends'. They are both so spoiled, so used
to have whatever they want whenever they like. Even, they both climaxed many
times daily with extreme ease, and this increased their egoism. They had no
worries at all in their past lives, and they'll do everything to maintain at
least one hint of their facilities, no matter who has to pay for them. Moreover,
as you are seeing it, one is too stupid to pose herself such a kind of problems,
meanwhile the other one is too arrogant to worry about someone's misery... The
rebellion of before was not to protect you, but only herself... You will
agree&gt;.

She's listening to me attentively, and warm tears started to drop from her
swollen eyes. Erika instead is too busy on disgusting the forced blowjob she has
to perform &lt;We have plenty of time, Erika, you will learn to love sucking
whatever I plan for you, better you get used as soon as possible. Ohpss, I
almost forget to inform you that you have to carefully swallow whatever it
spurts from my dick, or we return in the dungeon at once&gt; She understood, and
she wines in trouble, but she engages more again, I'm satisfied.

Few minutes later, she's proudly sucking my seed, I feel a delicious whirlpool
during whole my orgasm. &lt;Good, Erika, you are a good cock sucker, you put me
in a good mood, I think I will be a little kinder with you this night, you will
suffer a little less&gt; "Nhooo, nhoo, Master, I behaved, Masteeer" I roughly
drag her to me by the leash and I grab her left nipple &lt;Do not dare to argue
with me, you may only behave, undergo and hope in my kindness, nothing more, did
you understand?&gt; And I twist her already aching delicate nub "AhhAAAA,
yeeeesss, pleeeeasee. Pleeeasee Masteeer" &lt;And moreover what are you
complaining for? You avoided the whip, is it not enough?&gt; "Nhhoooo, ...
Yeeeessss, enouuuugh, is quite enoooouugh, thaaaank youuuu, thaaank youuu
Masteeeer" I ease the twisting &lt;I forgive you only because you ended each
phrase with the word 'master'. I like it!, but now spin and lie on my lap that
I've to taste my property&gt;.

It was my first night as slave owner, and it was better than I dreamed.

Thus harshly restrained as she is, she may only undergo every my whim. Every
single Erika's movement is cruelly tamed by the strain in her twisted harms. I'm
able to force her to widen a knee or bent forward or keep again my member
between her lips with only a soft helping-hand, a bliss! She obeys me at once,
perceiving my absolute overwhelming both, psychological of the impending whip
and physically of her taut restraint.

I enjoy exploiting such an absolute power over her by wickedly ordering her to
offer me her body part which I want to hurt. I start with a good spank that
properly reddened her guilty arse, then &lt;I think your left inner thigh needs
a good long pinch, widen it better... brush your tits on the sheets, I want both
your nipples hard, then offer them to my hands and await for a painful double
twist... harden them again then I will apply them the clamps that Christine
already learned to love... How your nipples? A little numb? Your tits need a
kind massage. Give me your back and lean against me, I will maul them till to
pop them...&gt;. She screams, delighting me so much, she cries at my evil little
and less little tortures, and she begs me to ease this or that bad play, but she
doesn't dare to object any more for the treatment... She's stupid, but not so
much... Or perhaps she's finding something interesting? I check her intimate
again, and she's dump and dump.

After having abused Erika body for an hour or so, I fucked her, with all her
cooperation, and I've been glad while I was feeling her having a couple of
orgasm. At least, she promised to endeavour for them. I feel myself clasped
rhythmically from her eager abused hot body. More than I give vent to my anger
over her, more than she tries to ease it by cooperating further.

Then I'm tired, tired of emotions in that incredible first day, and I want to
sleep.

I chain both collars to the headboard with long chains, and &lt;I want to sleep,
in the meanwhile, Erika, I want that you have as many orgasms as you desire as
reward for your good behave&gt; I'm lying, it is evident,  but I'm sure she's so
proved that she doesn't guess my real purpose. Perhaps Christine already caught
it instead, but she's become curious, and she hides it. &lt;Christine, climb
here, and obey Erika commands whole the night long&gt; &lt;Erika, I already
showed you how to do, enjoy your reward, tomorrow will be another day of hard
slavery for you... I'll like hearing your noises meanwhile I get my rest, but
speak whispering you both, and move slowly!&gt; then I think better to spark the
process and &lt;Christine, you may start licking your mate, do a good job, or
you'll pay hard&gt;.

I get slipping proudly hearing the idiot enjoying Christina job, and after only
few minutes she even starts whispering her first orders "Ohhhooo, yees, a little
more up Christine... yes, goooooodd, faster now... Hooohh yeeeesss".

I woke up 3 hours lather. &lt;C'mon Christine, there are duties for you&gt;. It
is evident she has slept less than me, very less, I guess she was just get
asleep.

At every step her long nipples chain swings slowly, and the unpleasant tugging
on her wounded prominent tit tips recalls her predicament to everybody.

We reach Mary into the dungeon, who she's still mewing pitiably in her tiny
cage.

I gag Christine, then I unfasten her arms &lt;Recover your arms, then kneel
beside her and try to comfort her some. Do not dare to release her bonds!&gt; I
padlock her chain leash to an eyebolt and I leave. When I return I witness to an
amazing scene. Christine has inserted one hand behind Mary and she was
compassionately masturbating her. She freezes seeing me, but I silently invite
her to continue with a gesture. Mary is in too high distress to notice my
presence, and that only relief was all she was thinking of. Mary moans were a
mix of sufferance, enjoyment and gratefulness toward Christine kindness.

I wait in place three orgasms, then &lt;Enough! Stood up slave!&gt;. As she gets
aware of my presence, Mary starts whining in piercing pleads around the gag.

&lt;Would you like to step out slave?&gt; While I please myself with her many
attempts to answer and to plead me I casually draw Christine arms behind her
back as before, without constraining her too harshly &lt;Nothing to do, my cage
have to stay filled, at least one full day at time&gt; her desperation is
touching &lt;But... if you would agree an exchange... Christine, release her
mouth! Mary, be attentive to remain quiet until I allow you to speak!&gt; I wait
she recovers some &lt;Then Mary, if you like, Christine might take your place,
but take present that she's not as slender as you, hence her sufferance into
that cage would be worse than yours. Do you think she deserves it?&gt; not an
hint of  hesitation "YEEEESSS, pleeeeaaaaseee Maaasteeer, release meee,
pleeeeaaaaseee" Christine falls at once on her knees in fear and disappoint
&lt;You have to ask me it properly my dear, you have to exhaustively expose what
you propose me to do. You have to speak very obsequiously and very politely, and
filling each phrase with a so deferentially pronounced word 'Master'. Take a
minute to concentrate and begin&gt; ... "Please, I beg you, Master, take me out
of your cage. Master you were right on punishing me like this, but I understood
now, Master. Be kind with me Master. You might put Christine at my place,
Master... Please!" &lt;Ok sweet Mary, I will do it!&gt; Christine welcomes my
decision with a long hiss of despair, bending herself more down, she's almost
crouched on her own knees.

&lt;Step down, Christine, don't bring me to force you, it would be worst&gt;
&lt;Kneel down now, and wait me there, I've to think of that ungrateful bitch.
Accustom yourself to the comfortableness of your new bedroom&gt;.

&lt;Let's go you!&gt; I unkindly tug Mary lash &lt;Don't dare hoping in any kind
of my sympathy, you are only a spoiled bitch, and you still have to work this
night!&gt; We arrive to the bedroom &lt;Christine taken your place in warming
the cage, hence you have to take hers warming Erika. I hope you like pussy
taste. Mary, otherwise my whip and me will persuade you on bring Erika to climax
again&gt;.

Despite her evident disgust, I caught Mary in a so weakness condition that she
obeys me without need of more incentives... With the foreseeable great Erika's
enthusiasm. &lt;C'mon sweetie, you will learn to like female sex by the time,
this is only a little taste of what you still have to eat&gt;. Among all those
orgasms, Erika has lost every hint of dignity and she shamelessly starts to give
orders to Mary too "More deep... More deep..." she sighs her in ecstasy, but
I've different advices, with her right nipple painfully clasped between my
fingers I give her new indications &lt;No no, my dear, no one here told that you
may give orders to Mary. Stay absolutely passive, or I hung this pert tit to the
canopy&gt;. Her blue eyes widen in sudden fear, she realizes it is not a joke,
and she already well knows that it is better to avoid replaying at all.

She's incredible, I made an excellent choice with her. Beautiful, young,
kidnapped, enslaved, harshly tied from hours, mocked, humiliated, butt-plugged,
hurt, raped, abused, but she climaxed at least 7 - 8 times in her very first
day, and she's still eager to come again, no matter if she has her pleasure from
men or from women. I don't think she's a natural submissive, she's only a sex
captivated, whoever is able to properly excite her, physically or with fear or
both or with pain or so on, he could control her... And I have her. And I will
control her. And I will keep her... for long.

I leave them making love and I return to Christine, fearfully gasping knelt in
the still open cage, dreading the terrible long ordeal that her friend provided
her.

She pleads me behind the ball-gag to avoid her that torment, she shakes whole
her body, miming to spare her shoulder's junctions healthy.

&lt;Sorry, Christine, your friend decided otherwise for you, bent down&gt; she
obeys howling at length. Her abundant tits squash against her shapely thighs and
knees. Her flanks are compressed through the cage lateral grids. Her skull
becomes trapped between knees and cage wall. But there is no way to slip her
upper arms entirely inside the cage. It would be necessary to pull her wrists
upper, till her nape, and to wrap her arms with a strap and tighten it crazily.
The poor creature sobs in anticipation of the unavoidable, but I pose one hand
on her buckled back and &lt;Now you know what it awaits you if you disappoint
me, Christine. I know, I know, you are thinking that I'm kinder with your
friends, and that I'm so harsh with you, and you are right, then behave in
consequence... But, but&gt; I insert my other hand behind her, reaching her
pussy &lt;Perhaps me too have right, behaving this way, don't you?&gt; My
invading finger return to my nose, damp!

I take a strap and I wrap Christine back, trapping her in the open cage, but
sparing her to be clasped inside. Then I shackle her ankle to an eyebolt
&lt;Good night my slave&gt; a muffled "Thank you Master" is her answer, and I
leave her there.

&lt;Mary, you are recorded, watch at the clock onto the wall, I want Erika to
climax for at least the next hour. Your matter to keep her excited. Instead I
will peacefully sleep beside you two, then move delicately and hush up!&gt;

I get asleep hearing the already sex slave moaning in pleasure and savouring the
view of Mary's humiliation tears.





After 3 hours I woke again. Mary head rests between Erika thighs, her dark hairs
brush slightly the satisfied Erika cleft.

Without talking I release their arms and I retie them comfortably in front of
themselves and I return to Christine.

She's sleeping, or perhaps she's fainted, I don't know.

I untie her too, then I lead her to the gynaecological chair and I fasten her
there.

I place myself between her splayed legs. &lt;We have to finish our job, then
you'll may rest, I promise&gt; she quietly lays her head on the headrest, around
me I notice her sensual leg muscles to passively relax. I gently flow one hand
over her belly and I reassuring stroke it &lt;Will you stay quiet if I un-gag
you?&gt;  "Yes, Master" she manages &lt;Of course you may scream if you need,
but don't bother me, I will pierce you how and how much I want&gt; "Yes, Master"
she cries scared.

Using instruments utterly sterilized, I please myself by piercing her rather
slow, leaving the needle traverse her flash longer than needed. Her subjugate
sufferance excites me.

We enjoy the following slow hour by decorating her body with 2 cm wide rings on
each of her inner and outer labia. Another couple of similar rings are now
pending at the sides of her anal entrance, in which I also reinserted the anal
plug.

She was about to dare to complain during the nose septum ring insertion, but
then she even offered me her trembling tongue for the two rings placed there.

&lt;We almost finished my joy, only the last one, the thinnest, less than 1 cm
of diameter. It will be a crucial amusement and control device over you... Do
you guess where it is going through ?&gt; "OhOhohoohh nhoohhooo" &lt;Be warned,
Christine, or you will be punished&gt; she returns to weep silently. I'm beside
her, and I enjoy to gently massaging her massive tits &lt;Ask me to put this
last ring on you, Christine, Ask it! Beg me to put it on you. Beg your
owner!&gt; "W... Would you put... t... that r... ring on me, Master?" I tighten
my grip on her tits, not badly, but distressing &lt;Better, slave! More
exhaustive, a more appropriate manner for a slave as you are!&gt; "HAAHaaaah...
Maaaasteeer... W... Would y ... y... youuuu like adorning my ... my ... my... 
YYYHHEEEEhhooohooo" I gave a sudden squeeze that pursues the result "
CLIIIITHHhh my cliiiit, Masteeer... Please, Masteeer, improve my clit...
Masteeer" &lt;Ok, good like this. You see, there already is all we need inside
you, you only have to learn to bring it out promptly. Next time I expect a
faster reaction, ok?&gt; "Yes, Master. I will do, Master". &lt;Good, slave&gt;.

I have to lick her many minutes to induce her clitoris to kindly spurt to greet
me, but is a wicked trap, I immediately hook it. Christine looses her control,
she wriggles and shakes violently, but fortunately my woman chair is very
steady, and Christine is firmly strapped down. However she doesn't faint, and
after a loud yell she recovers herself as soon as she understands that the job
is finished, and that her clit is by now shackled.

I un-tight the chair straps without releasing them. &lt;When I don't use it as
torture or medical device is a quite comfortable armchair, isn't?&gt; I offer
her to drink, then &lt;If you have to pee, do it now, because after I disinfect
you, it will be better to keep your new jewels clean&gt;.

&lt;Now you may have a rest, there, spread and vulnerable. But while you have a
rest I want that you seriously consider this&gt; I dig my middle finger up
through her exposed love canal, causing her to wriggle a little. I withdraw it
wet and I gently push it on her lips. She sucks it, astonished... perhaps she's
understanding.





... More to come



By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




3 The second day



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com







&lt;Wake up stupid slaves! A full day is waiting you&gt; I slap Mary ass with a
soundly harsh smack "Yheeeoooww. What a fuck..." then she remembers how
different her life is become in the last days.

Erika is still groggy when I catch both her nipples. She tries to prevent me to
abuse them, then I roughly spin her prone and I tie her flexible arms behind her
back. Today I don't bring her hands to her nape, I leave them down over her
butt, but once padlocked them together, I use a couple of straps to join her
forearms and elbows together. When I spin her again I enjoy the result. Her
chest is thrust out, &lt;It seems that your tits are begging for my attentions.
Yes, they are going to have... A lot!&gt;. Hohoho, for sure never again she will
attempt to prevent my hands from reaching their targets. She shrieks
desperately, uselessly trying to roll over her belly to escape my rage on her
guilty tits. Straddled on her, I'm so harsh pinching them, I silently twist
their tips, I pull them in every direction. I maul and twist so on and so on,
mercilessly ignoring her desperate yells, till, after some minute of real fun,
she says her first intelligent thing "Fooorgiiiiveee meeee, Maaasteeeer.
Neeeeeeveeeeeer, neeeeeveeeer agaaaaiiin, neeever. I neeeeveeer daaare to
hiiiindeeeer youuuu, Maaaasteeeeer, pleeeeaaaseee..." I ease my grip. &lt;Well
of all things! Sufferance improves your poor intelligence, Erika&gt; she's still
sobbing loudly &lt;This means that in no more than few months you will become an
hegghead!&gt; I laugh heartily, among Erika's tears and Mary disbelief.

&lt;Don't worry, Mary, your tits too have a date with me today... Now stand up,
washing time... full washing time I'm afraid&gt;.

I lead both them beside the dungeon, to a large and suitably equipped bathroom,
where I chain their collars to ceiling chains. The chain's slack allows my
slaves to bent slightly or to widen their knees or to lower themselves a little,
nothing more.

I leave them there a second, and I reach my favourite: Christine.

She's still asleep, but she awakes at the feeling of the protecting blanket
being kindly removed as well as the night before it has be posed over her,
leaving her totally available lustful body below a warm protection.

&lt;Good morning slave Christine, time to get to work!&gt;.

The many stings all over her body are limping her a bit, and I enjoy the first
morning show of a defeated slave walking hobbled ahead me, leashed as a  pet.

Once in the bathroom I study the apprehensive stares on the new Christine's
jewellery, then I chain the centre of Christine's hobbling chain to a floor
link. I release Erika's elbows and I remove their body harness. Then I bring
Erika' and Mary' hands chained to their collar, but with a good slack, they are
only slightly inconvenient.

I instead completely free Christine hands, leaving in place her irremovable
wrist cuffs, of course. Moreover her feet chain is rather long, she's allowed to
shuffle all over the bathroom.

&lt;Christine, as the slave maid you are, you have to take care of my
slaves&gt;, enjoying my guests' grimaces I casually slip out their anal-plugs
and I re-insert in each asshole a new butt-plug with a hose linked to. They
didn't dare to resist to the new invasion.

&lt;As soon as I will decide you are filled enough...&gt; One by one I release
the three enema faucets, keeping one hand on each chest, to appreciate their
gasps &lt;... you have to take care of their needs with those buckets, that you
may then empty in one of the WC and make proper cleanings. There is all the
necessary&gt; Christine is listening to me submissively, since she already
guessed her role. &lt;You will be the last one. Then you have to carefully wash
all over your mates using the douche pipe and those soaps and shampoos. Wash
yourself for last one&gt;.

&lt;You are at their orders, if they want to have some sexual fulfilments, you
have to immediately obey them, but you are allowed to use only your fingers and
mouth... have you all understood?&gt; They are all three staring at me
astonished, but for different reasons! &lt;When I address to my slaves I expect
a prompt and respectful answer!&gt;  "... Yes, Master".

&lt;And in the meanwhile we'll do a funny game: the first one she will say about
to be filled enough, she will be the last of whom I will stop the enema
flow!&gt;

At the litre goal she's obviously Erika that starts begging &lt;Ohh what a pity,
only one litre and you are already desperate... Don't worry, Erika, only another
half or a very little more, you won't explode, be sure!&gt;

I leave them alone after having close the faucets and instructed Christine that
she had to unplug Erika for last one, and herself for second one.

I continue following the develops by a camera. My trick hits the mark. Unable to
endure her bowel distress, Erika continues summoning Christine to unplug her
before my assignments, even cursing at the poor maid slave, completely
forgetting their previous friendship of less than a week before.

Mary, instead, being the first one, she's selfishly taking no care about her
friends debate.

"Unplug me, idiot! I'm about to explode! I'm a whole cramp, I can't resist.
Bitch!" "Please Erika, I can't! if he catches me we would both pay hard. Have a
little patience, I will be quick..." "You'll pay, you'll pay so hard!".

And in fact, as soon as the showering begins "You have to obey me now, don't
you?" "Y... yes, but..." "Shut up and use that mouth in a most proper manner,
like yesterday evening would be perfect... And work well, or I'll tell him" "Why
are you..." "Because you had almost killed me before, now you have to pay for
it!".

She widens her legs as well as her hobbling chain are permitting it, to allow
Christine to take place between them, humbling knelt, humbling satisfying her ex
friend.

How quickly is vanished her innocent young girl look... I knew, I knew!

And now is Mary egoism time! Jealous of Erika's moans she actually intervenes
"Me too, me too, Christine, come here, quick!".

She needs to crawl from one to the other slut, uselessly endeavouring to fade
their unbelievable appetite. Insensitive to their maid streaming tears and
distress.

After at least 3 orgasms each one, I have to interrupt them by stepping into the
bathroom. &lt;Wow! You took me literally, don't you? It's ok, but... Christine,
farter than their pussies, have you washed you all the three properly?&gt; She
humbling lower her head &lt;Hence?&gt; "N... no, Master" Nothing more, no
excuses, not an attempt! Without a word I then grab my multi tailed whip and I
start to roughly hit her, but she doesn't escape, she slowly collapses on the
floor, weeping and howling defeated... Collect my dear, collect!

&lt;Now stand up and perform your duties, slave!&gt;.

Later, showered, perfumed, and exciting wrapped anew by the chest leather
harness, I lead them in the beloved dungeon. Erika and Mary would have resisted,
but I previously properly restrained her arms behind their back, with elbows and
forearms strapped together. Their chests are proudly constricted out, exposing
their tits to their unavoidable fate. Their joined hands stay over their butt. I
joined a thin leather thong leash to them, which uncomfortably passes between
their thighs and then rises up since it surpass through the D-ring to the front
of their harness' waist belt. At every tug I give to their lashes, the tongue
digs their crotch cleft and rubs unpleasantly their clitoris. To ease the
distress they manage to follow me as better as possible, but they are unable to
avoid the many tugs I give them only for my amusement. 

Instead, as usual, Christine behave is completely different. She follows me
resigned, I've even let her hands cuffed in front of her, and her leash is
dangling freely from her collar. Her abundant tits are enough exposed from the
simple harness wore. While I was restraining her in so slight way I casually
whispered in her ear a wicked menace &lt;When I will decide to tie your elbows
together, your tits will become the unique attractive of my mansion&gt;, but
instead to scare her, I disbelieving succeeded only in flattering her: after
stared puzzled at me a couple of second she lowered her eyes and bowed her head
to hide an hint of smile and a slight blush!

&lt;Kneel, you two, and wait there! Christine, lay on your preferred chair and
lift your hand over your head&gt; Now I succeeded on scaring her, but she
however obeys me... trembling and sobbing she climbs over the terrible device
and one by one she sets her shaped silky legs into the stirrups. But her fear,
despite is so amusing, is indeed motiveless, and Christine becomes aware of that
just few minutes later, when I simply start carefully healing her many fresh
piercings. &lt;Step out slave, for the moment you avoid some interesting games,
but don't delude you, there is plenty of time to play them&gt;. I asset a good
spank on her lustful ass as soon as is in target, but it seems doesn't having
disturbed her too much.

&lt;Keep those bowls, Christine! And bring them on the floor in front of your
mates. Dispose them in a kind of triangle, one bowl of coffee and one of food at
each vertex&gt;. &lt;Dear slaves if you are hungry, this is one occasion to eat
and to drink, I suggest you to not waste it&gt; &lt;Ohpss, I'm almost
forgetting! Christine, come here, I've at least to switch your hand behind your
back. But don't worry it will be only to allow you to enjoy the breakfast,
afterwards I will cuff them anew in front of you, so you could perform your maid
slave duties&gt;.

Each one knelt in front of her two bowls, they all staring at me waiting
doubtful &lt;What's happen slaves? You don't have all the day to have your
breakfast, in 10 minutes I will order to Christine to clear&gt;.

Three restrained pussy cat heating their milk, this is the next morning show.
Two of them weeping in humiliation, one more calm, almost at home.

After the knotty breakfast I allow them one hour of meditation, then is time to
prepare the bitches for their fair torment day.

I set Erika standing beside Mary to the same line. I don't want to gag them
because they have just eaten, and I'm afraid they may vomit. I tie their ankles
fairly widened at the floor eyebolts, and I drew a ceiling chain taut to their
harness that it forces her upright. The chains pass through their rear collar
D-Ring, so they can't bent, but they are even prevented to choke. 

&lt;Unfortunately I can't whip your chest and tits, or pussy, Christine, because
your fresh piercings... I'm sorry, I know you would liked it. But your back and
butt and legs may have my whip attention, don't you?&gt; I mockingly anticipate
her possible objection &lt;Oh, yes, I remember those two rings between your
buttocks, but I will whip you transversally, don't worry&gt; "Ohohh, Masteeer,
Maasteeeer.... Maaasteeer" &lt;Stop there, Christine, or it would be worst&gt;
she restarts dropping silent tears. I tie her bent over the padded horse like
yesterday, folded in two, with harms and feet spread, chained to the horse feet.
The left hand in the nearest of the left foot and the right one in front of the
right foot.

&lt;Do you remember, Christine? Like yesterday! No surprises, only the time will
be different. Today it will be longer, we are all rested, we'll go through whole
the morning. The only relief for each of you three will be the time in which I
will whip your other two mates&gt;

At this point Erika realises that I planned to whip her too, and she starts to
scream in fear "Nhooo, nhooo, you told me, you promised meeee, nhooo, I've been
good... Nnhooo pleeease nhoo, I don't want I don't want, nhooo" and she releases
her bladder again.

&lt;Nothing to do&gt; I answer her cradling her belly with one hand and stroking
her buttocks with the whip handle and tails &lt;I promised you nothing for
today, you avoided the whip only for yesterday, today you'll enjoy its kiss all
over your guilty fresh body&gt; "Nhooooohooo" &lt;But!... But if you want you
may decide who has to be the first one to get the whip... If you do not decide
you will be the first, otherwise you will be the last one... Hence?&gt;
"Christine! Start from Christine, Master" Not a hint of hesitation, again, she's
truly a bitch! &lt;Ok, the maid Christine will be the first and then Mary...
Then you!&gt;.

I approach Christine limp body, and it seems that she already awaited this
decision, but she surely didn't await my reassuring caress over her bent back.
Christine is situated at her mates' back, and they can't view us. I continue to
gently massage whole her body till I feel her to inhale deeply and then relax
over the beam, as to give me the ok... and it is. I begin whiping her, and more
than I lash her, and more than I feel the need to hit her more, but is not a
matter of rage or eager sadism, is something deeper, it is a need of possession,
I own her more and more at every blow. I own her body, her desperate voice, her
sufferance, her fate... I feel strange, I feel good.

I go on for never-ending minutes, among Christine screams and pleas, but nothing
to do, the minutes become 10, then 15... how many strokes she took? No one know
it. I'm using a non harming whip, but if I continue straight, the damage would
be unavoidable. Then almost at the end of her strength, Christine says something
magic "Come here, Master. Come in front of me. Come to me, my Master!" I obey
her! And it is a good choice, since she manages to take my rock hard cock from
my boxers with her mouth. I give her a little help, and in a second she's
eagerly sucking at me, so submissively involved that I may only enjoy her mouth
with my tool and her aching body with my hands flowing all over her.

I obviously reach also her pussy, almost continuously indeed, and I amazingly
notice that however at first there was nothing especial, going along massaging
her all over and invading her eager mouth, she's becoming wet and wet, insomuch
that I'm sure she would have her first complete orgasm of her life if only I
would stimulate her enough, but I've different plans, then I manage to avoid it.

But I can't exempt me from mocking her, whispering her &lt;You are wet, no,
better, you are dripping... Tell me the truth, Christine, have you ever been so
excited? Tell it me ... tell it me, and tell me the truth or I will be terrible,
I swear!&gt; She can't talk, of course, but she clearly shakes her head and she
emits a mew of shame and despair around my dick. &lt;I knew, Christine, I knew.
Now taste your absolute owner, Christine, taste me, because you are born to be
mine, and you are understanding it... I knew it... You know it&gt; and I explode
in her warm mouth, that solicitously gulps my seed as hard as possible, giving
me an incredible whirlpool and pleasure.

I need some time to revive. I have to stay sat on the floor few minutes
caressing Christine. Then before to stand up I unchain her wrists from the horse
and I bring close the ointment jar &lt;If you want you may stand up and use the
ointment to ease your stripes... We will continue later... it is not finished
yet, slave&gt; "Y... yes, Master... Thank you, Master"

She's looking for me in fear while I walk toward her. She can't see me clearly,
but she feels that behind her, I'm arriving.

She's beautiful. Slender but shaped, tapered shapes, like those of a mannequin.
If only she was a little taller she would surely be an affirmed mannequin. As
full of confidence she is... as arrogant and disrespectful in every attitude...
I only hope she resists me as long as possible, because she's beautiful like
this!

Her impudent body is so defencelessly, so vulnerable. Her pointed tits are so
impossibly constricted that not even her own, she never dared to push them out
like this. And her precious pussy is naked and gaping to whatever danger is
arriving... And I'm just arrived. Right in front of her.

&lt;I'm delighted to announce you, Mary ...&gt; I tell her casually seizing her
left nipple &lt;...that is time to reckon with your impertinence, and chiefly
with your preferred weapon...&gt; "Ahhhaaaaahhh, nhoooo phlllleeeeaseee, not
theeereee, nhooohoo" I twist the sweet numb cruelly, facing her, staring her
sting grimacing beautiful face, and I'm truly delighted at her yells. &lt;Do you
remember, when you was still a (too much) free woman, how defiant you was?&gt; I
grasp also her second pointing out nipple "Nhhooo, nhoooo, they hurt... they
huuurt... STOOOOP" but there is nothing she can do in order to avoid my will,
she may only undergo whatever I've in store for her &lt;Only few seconds more,
then I'll stop, I promise, now answer me, or seconds will become minutes. Do you
remember how you used your tits in public? To impress and defy all the
presents?&gt; I have to give her a good tug to persuade her to answer me
"Ahhyyeee, nhooo... Yeeees, yees, I remember, I remember" &lt;It would be better
that you talked more deferentially, Mary, I'm your master, don't you
remember?&gt; Another tug "Yhheeeesss, Masteeer, yheeess" &lt;Hence, would you
like to tell us your tit strategy?&gt; "Yhess, I ... I noticed all those stares
on me... I liked it... I liked it so muuuchh... Then I was doing my best to
provoke all of them... as badly as possible... STOOOP, pleeeasee STOOOP...
Masteeer" &lt;Only if you promise that next time you will be more exhaustive
about your whoreness&gt; "Yeeees, I swear, I swear, Maaasteeer". &lt;Good, now
your highly sensitive nipples are hard enough to appreciate my snapping
clamps&gt;.

I produce a couple of rubber-lined steel clamps. They are not exactly spring
clamps, they snap on the victim flesh, locking them on it. There is a safety
spring indeed, but it is so strong that the pain is dreadful even when snapped
to a non sensitive spots, but in Mary's case... She has even not the breath to
scream or the faculty to wriggle. Before she was able to emits her first bad
shriek I had whole the time to snap both clamps on her tit tips.

Then, meanwhile she get accustomed to carry on such anguish, I entertain myself
by fumbling whole her lower smooth body. Her spasmodic squirming improve my
pleasure on tracking her clefts, on caressing her well parted thighs, on abusing
her holes. She needs many minutes to calm down a little in defeat. And in that
time I allured her greedy clitoris so teasingly, that it is cravingly spurted
from its vain protection. And her always ready to stimulations pussy has already
properly damped itself. "Get them off, Maaassteeer, pleeeasee... I can't bear
it, I can't, I can't" &lt;It doesn't seems, Mary. I'm instead persuaded that you
could bear them. Yes, absolutely. In fact, for sure you are enduring them, and
still for sure you will do it still for long&gt; "Nhooo, nhooo" &lt;Don't
despair, Mary, the next step will certainly make you desire to return to the
present point&gt; "Nhooo, have mercyyyy, Masteeer" &lt;Not yet, not yet my
slave, you have only to hope that I will be in the mood later, and your
behaviour could do the difference... perhaps. But for the moment I've new
surprises in store for you, and the first one will bring you some relief, I'm
sure. Beside you already appreciated its brother&gt;.

I kneel behind her, and I slowly insert a lubricate rubber dildo up her ass. 

She barely takes care of it, since the pain in her tits, but she feels it, for
truth.

Then I drew two rather powerful elastic cords from the ceiling chain which is
keeping her firmly upright, and I hook one of them to each clamp. Her so
arrogant and guilty pointed tits are now more outward and upward than probable.

She shrieks and shakes in so desperately than uselessly attempts to ease the
tension even only a millimetre, but the cruel elastic cord doesn't allow any
relief. She would like to arch her back just a little more, but the taut ceiling
chain doesn't permit even such a (ineffectually) bliss. Still with my abusing
hands all over her startling defenceless body I explain her fate &lt;Yes, Mary,
I brought you here also for this delightful purpose, I wanted to suitably punish
your pert tits. You and them, deserve it, and by the time and the many right
punishments, you will grant me reason, you'll see, don't doubt&gt;.

Touching her like this is inebriant! Exposed, agonizing, wriggling. I calmly
check my property all over, but despite her helplessly and anguish I fell her
resistance. I'm amused, my game may endure. I place myself in front of her,
between her invitingly spread legs and I point my fully erect member toward her
treasure, then rubbing her entrance with one hand &lt;I'm about to take you,
arrogant slave, because you belong to me, and I've the right to do it how and
when I like. And I want that you agreed with me, hence you have to give yourself
to me... I want that you come. If you'll come I will release the clamps from
your tits, what do you think about?&gt; I'm still rubbing her clit and cleft
"Yeees, ok, Master. I will come, I will come... Please" &lt;Ok? Ok it is not a
proper language for a slave, try more politely, or I will increase the tension
of the elastic cords &gt; "Nhooo, please, nhoo, Master... I will come, I will
come, Master... for sure... " I switch on the vibrator into her ass plug &lt;Be
warned slave. If you have a real orgasm I will unpick your breast, but if you
try to simulate it, to diddle me, you'll pay, slave. You would pay so hard that
you'll beg to return to the current situation. I suggest you to do not attempt
such foolishness, it would be absolutely better for you to stay like this
than... I warned you... Now...&gt; and I go into her unwilling body.

After only few strokes I hear Mary to strain herself to show her 'excitement',
but the anguish and her inexperience on engaging to fulfil the partner make her
pretence absolutely ungainly.

Disappointed, I take my pleasure among her pathetic representation. Then:
&lt;You stupid bitch, you was used to come with the most ease, and you was too
arrogant to learn to pretend a climax in order to indulge with an embarrassed
partner... You are about to learn never to cheat your owner again. I know you
are not used to respect someone other than yourself, but you have to understand
that you do not exist anymore! You live only for your Master, nothing more&gt;
"Nhooo, no, no I'm sorry...".

I calmly unlink the elastic cords, then Mary nipple clamps. After few second of
grimaces, she addresses at me "Thank you, Master... I couldn't endure them a
second more..." and with a sympathetic tone "I'm sorry for my climax, next
time...", but she suddenly freezes, seeing me approaching her with two wicked
steel devices. They are C shaped, with pointed screw at the C extremity that run
one toward the second. &lt;Do you like my screw clamps, Mary?&gt; "What they are
for. Master?" &lt;I warned you, now your agony will become intolerable, but the
truth is that there is no way for you to avoid it. And I also gag you, since
your screams would become too loud, you would bother Erika's punishment&gt;.
Without allowing her to reply I grab her shacking head with one hand on her
hair, I push a ball gag in her mouth and I tightly buckle the leather straps.

Among her muffled begs I disinfect her aching tits and the clamps (already
sterilized in a special steam oven), then I pinch her right nipple with a spring
pliers and I apply the first screw clamp just under the base of it. I found some
difficulties on coil its screw points through her tender flesh, because Mary mad
shacking, but no avail, I put both of them in place, enjoying her muffled roars
of pain around the ball gag.

&lt;The only grant you may have is a higher power level in your eager
asshole&gt; I switch up the vibration setting, but she's so busy on suffer that
she seems not to appreciate it too much.

I move if front of Erika that is staring at me terrorized with gaping mouth. I
casually gently seize her well offered tits, I'm kindly mauling them, I simply
entertain myself with my properties &lt;perhaps you haven't noticed it, but I've
not tightened Mary's clamps completely, and the screw tips are not too sharp,
this way they won't perforate the victim flesh quickly. Your dear friend has a
long torment ahead, and she will take it entirely, which moreover it is not to
the right level yet, there is still the elastic cords to put in oeuvre&gt; Erika
terror is about to the culms, hence I return to Mary. Her attempts to talk to me
would be uselessly even if she was un-gagged. Ignoring her desperate pleads and
squirming, I grab the elastic cords and one by one I link them in the right way.
At the strain, Mary becomes frantic, I notice her eyes rolling backward. &lt;No,
no my dear. Nothing to do...&gt; Giving her a smelling salts phial I recall her
in the dungeon &lt;...Your Master planned a cruel punishment for you, and you
have to savouring it, as the slave you are&gt;.

Before leaving her to her torment I clean the blood trickles from her tits.

&lt;Erika! You Master is only for you now! Before to begin I have a serious
question for you, be sincere, or you could pay it hard. Do you think I've to
teach you to never attempt to cheat your Master, or did you already understand
it?&gt; She hasn't even the force to talk, she only shakes her head, miming the
word "No, no, no" with her wordless mouth.

I grab her nipple and I tweak it &lt;You are so hard to learn Erika. A slave has
to be very exhaustive when her Master asks her something. You are a slave, you
have to be very deferent, truly respectful, and polite, subjugate and so on. Or
you will be punished. And you have to endure enough torture in your new life,
that adding more punishments is truly unadvisable. Hence?&gt; "...I ...I " a
trickle of warm golden water escapes from her gaping cleft &lt;Again...?&gt;
"Nhoo, nhhooho, nhoo, pleeeeasee, nhoooo".

I'm pleased, very pleased, I'm controlling her through simply threats. I'm
always in time to start punishing her properly, but for the moment I prefer to
take advantage from this psychological power. I decide to continue playing with
my little candy pig.

&lt;Little pig, little pig&gt; I move my free hand on her pussy &lt;I feel
dampness here, you are pretending to be excited? Have I to infer that you are
trying to cheat me like your mate did?&gt; I'm continuing to abusing her nipple
and her pussy. "NHO! Nhoohoo, nhooo, Master I'm not cheating you, I..." &lt;Shut
up Erika! You are so stupid that you are not even able to catch a joke. But I
like it, I like you like this. You are my stupid candy, and I will suckle all
your flavours&gt; I switch one hand on the internal side of her white thigh and
I pick a bud of tender flesh &lt;Beg me to squeeze it instead to whip your
tits&gt;  "Hooh, hooh nhohoho" &lt;Ok, the whip then... or is it better the
clamps?&gt; "NHHHOOO, PLEEASEE, pinch my thighs, pinch them, please, Masteeer, I
beg you... YHEAAAA..."

&lt;Now I want that you say something interesting for me, Erika. I know that you
utilized your residual intelligence to survive in the outside world, and you
used it well. Now you have to utilize your little brain to survive in my world,
in your new world... Or you convince yourself to orient your mind on your
slavery, or I'll do for you... But it would be a bad choice for you, believe me.
Hence? Say something that induces me to let go your today torture...
Quickly!&gt; "I... I love you, Master... Ahhhhaaaayyyy" I almost tear her thigh
and tit's flesh &lt;Who could desire your love here? Idiot! Try again, but it is
your last chance, then I'll dig this penis gag in your kind mouth and your long
torture day will begin&gt; "I'LL DOOO IIIT, MASTEEEER, I'll dooo iiit" &lt;Do
what?&gt; "Anything!  Whatever you want... Nho, whatever you desire, Masteeer...
I'll doo it. I swear" &lt;Mhm, better. Almost good&gt; "Allow me only the time
to learn what could please you, Master, and I'll give you... I'll give you"
&lt;First of all you have nothing, and then there is nothing you may give to me.
There are only things that you may decide to do willingly or unwillingly...&gt;
"I'll do it, hence... willingly and immediately, Master... pleeeaaase" &lt;Ok,
Erika. For the moment you delayed your whipping, you will take only the nipples
clamps, but they are my lighter one, they will simply seem almost unbearable&gt;
I apply them to her rose nubs, trapping her buds at the areola junction with the
clear skin of her young firm florid tits. Erika yelps but manages to endure,
despite she keeps her eyes shut in pain &lt;I know, I know, it's hard, but you
have no options at all. Now I want that you kneel in front of the poor Mary and
you strive to increase her torment, and in the meanwhile you have to concentrate
only on your new slave duties. Later we will try again the game of the 'good
slave' and I expect a great performance, that could persuade me that you are
started thinking as the slave you are&gt; I freed her from the floor eyebolts
and from the ceiling chain. Weeping, she kneels between Mary's legs and she
starts licking her at once &lt;No, no, my dear. You have only to tease her. I
don't want she climaxes, she has to crave it, without any fulfilment. I will
check your job, I'm going to give you a terrible punishment for each orgasm
she'll reach. I'm not seeing too much enthusiasm, isn't Erika?&gt; Her
engagement achieves immediately a suitable level. Even Mary, from within the
terrible agony's fog, feels Erika's mouth action, and she starts interlacing
approbation moans to her pain wails.

While Erika's tongue hits and rapidly flows over Mary's sensitive spots, I
switch to my preferred one. I tie Christine arms behind her back likewise Erika
and Mary, with touching elbows. Her lustful big tits seem wanting to burst out
from the harness. I possessively caress them, noticing a kind of approbation in
Christine eyes. Then I lead her prone over a thin rug over which I hogtie her.
With leather straps I join her legs and then I join her ankles with her wrists.

&lt;You are beautiful, Christine. More than you are constricted, more than you
look attractive. Now I ask you something, listen to me attentively. Do not
attempt to take your mind off your uncomfortably position... instead, think of
it insistently, you will suffer a lot more, the time will seem never to pass,
the strain in your limbs will become unbearable, the weight on your trapped tits
will become unsustainable. You will weep in despair, hoping only to be released.
Increase your anguish, Christine. Do it, Christine, do it, and when I will be in
the mood to free you from there, you could pay your release dedicating your
sufferance to your Master. Trust in me Christine, I've understood thinks about
you that you still have to know possible&gt;.

A last caress, then I return to Mary's agonizing body, &lt;Are you ok, Mary?
Would you like I tighten the elastics a little more?&gt; "Nhfff, nhhhhfffffff,
flheeeffffseff".

I make her to smell more smelling salts and I chain Erika's ankle to the floor.

&lt;Be ok my slaves, see you later... Christine, do not dare to talk to Erika!
Remain silent whole the time. And you, Erika, do not bother Christine, because
she can't answer you and moreover she has to concentrate as I suggested her. And
you too, you have to perform your duties, remember you are recorded. Work
slowly, because I forecast to stay out for long time, but work incessantly, and
think of your new life, you have until this evening to learn to behave, or...
you won't to go to sleep&gt; Busied in Mary's pussy, she may only moan in fear.

I leave that room filled of pain and despair. I take a shower and I go out.

I return in the evening.

My guests hare all exhaust. They sweat and they have pissed all three on the
floor, but more important, Mary internal thigh sides are glistening wet up to
her knees. I guess that hog had anyway climaxed a time or two, but this isn't
important... and I think it would be still impossible with a great climaxer like
her! The main thing is that my aims are joined. Mary is agonizing in pain and
longing. Her greedy clitoris is fully extent and turgid, while whole her sex is
reddened in excitement and desire.

&lt;Erika! It appears that you are doing a good job! You three will soon learn
to distinguish your mates by simply sucking a finger wet of their sex taste ...
And I suppose that Christine would be already able to, isn't Christine?&gt;
"Y... Y...es, Mhas..ter. I... think you are... right, Master" &lt;You see Erika?
It is simple right to behave, I hope you are ready now... Stop tormenting Mary
now!&gt;.

I release Erika ankle from the floor, I allow her to drink and I indicate her to
sit in a corner without bothering me.

&lt;Mary, Mary&gt; I think she has fainted a time or two along the day, but with
another phial of smelling salts I catch whole her attention &lt;now I'm doing
you a single question, and I expect a single answer... Do you will attempt to
cheat me again?&gt; "No" she nods promptly &lt;Will you then prefer to undergo a
possible punishment instead of lying me again?&gt; "Yeeeeees" &lt;Your health
depends now on this agreement we are making, be warned to never break it... Now
I'm freeing your mouth, then you have to beg me to release the elastic cords and
to substitute those screwing clamps with permanent steel rings which will mark
forever those tits as property of mine. Ok?&gt; "Yes".

I release the gag and I hand her to drink, then I wait in front of her
"M...Master, pleeeease, Master... Release those elastic cords and substitute the
clamps with permanent rings..." her voice is hoarse for the ordeal &lt;Do you
think to have begged or to have given instructions?&gt; "Nhooo, Master,
please... keep the... affirm your property on my... on these tits... I'm sorry
to having upset you with them while I was still free... Please, Master, release
my t... your tits from the screw clamps... they are terrible... Please
Master..." &lt;Better, a little better... but you still have to improve, and
besides you delayed the right answer, then my proposal isn't valid anymore: Now
if you want I release your tits instead of worsening your sufferance, you have
to beg for a complete piercing outfit, like that of Christine, and you have to
ask for it in a proper and prompt manner! Be warned. Mary, I expect a deep
deference, something persuasive... you are risking, slave!&gt; she reacts
immediately, she already understood that I would had pierced her anyway and that
she has her last chance "Hoh, Master, I beg you, put on me all the piercings you
like, pleaaase, Master, I only crave to bring the evidences of your dominion
over me... Shackle my nipple... and my sex too, so that they may offend you
never again... I beg you Master".

I release the elastics, and she immediately gets an evident relief. Then I
prepare a tray beside her, from which I take a disinfectant that I sprinkle on
her wounds. As soon as I release one screw clamp, among Mary last screams I
insert a sterile thick needle to complete the piercing and I slip her the wide
steel ring, which, hence, it encloses whole the areola.

Then I've simple job on piercing her willingly offered tongue. Then is the time
of her fine septum.

I slip out the dildo from her asshole, and knelt between her legs I elicit few
sharp screams while I pierce all her four labias, the internal walls of her
spread buttocks, just one cm. or two far from her anus, and finally her still
reddened and sensitised clitoris.

A carefully disinfection then &lt;Finished! As soon as they will be healed you
will show your maximum charm, now sit beside the little candy there&gt;.

&lt;Christine!&gt; I exclaim knelt beside her. Her expression is incredibly
afflicted. Her beautiful face is swelled for the probation and the continuous
weeping.

I allow her to lap a little water then &lt;You followed my instructions!?&gt;
"Y...yes, Master. It has been hard, Master... B... but I done it o...only for
you... Master... How long ... do you will keep me sill like this... Master?"
&lt;Another hour? Or two perhaps, or just a minute, I don't know... Your ordeal
is nothing compared with that of Mary, do you know it?&gt; I talk her supporting
her face in my hands. "Y...yes, Master... how... how long you want... I will be
glad to bear this little sufferance for you... my Master... But...why have you
demanded it to me, Master ?" &lt;You are already feeling why, and soon it will
be evident, and then continue&gt;.

&lt;Erika, my sweet candy! Run here!&gt; I free her hands and her nipples, and I
restrain her by a simple hobbling chain of 20 cm between their ankles. &lt;Take
those scrubber, bucket, soap and water pipe and carefully wash the floor... It
would be a Christine's job, but as you may see she prefers to lie on the
floor... Later this night you could properly punish her for this lack&gt;. I
enjoy the glimpse of disappoint in Erika eyes to have to do such a humbling job.

I move in front of Mary, gasping sat on the floor, and I silently stood there
staring at her menacing. After few seconds, she shocks herself and she switches
in a suitable knelt position, answering to my menacing stare with a subjugate
one, then, with trembling voice "Y... Your orders, Master?"

I remain still and silent. After endless seconds she leads her head toward my
crotch and she gently takes my cock head into her trembling mouth.

It was not the best blowjob of my life, then I interrupted it &lt;...You will
improve by the time, slave...&gt;

&lt;Follow me now, slave!&gt;.

I lead her in the adjacent bathroom. I padlock her collar to a long chain and I
free her hands &lt;Take a bath! Then perfume yourself and put on some make up,
you have to be ready if I decide to take you, but don't delude you, I haven't
decided yet if you worth enough&gt;. Perfect, her eyes betrayal a hint of
affront.

&lt;Have you all done sweet candy?&gt; "Y...yes, Master... Have you any order...
Master?" &lt;You are learning at least! Join with Mary and prepare yourself for
me. Do your best, I'll send Christine at once to serve you both... She's a lazy
girl, I give you my permission to be a little convincing if she doesn't obey
enough promptly&gt;. I kneel beside Christine, Erika is just stepped out &lt;My
bet is that she's already referring to Mary my instruction over you. Don't
you?&gt; "I... I'm afraid so, Master... I'm so miserable, Master..." she's
weeping heart-touching "... I'm a slave of two slaves... What's more?"
&lt;Christine, Christine, don't despair, I've many other things in store for
you. We are only at the beginning&gt; I'm untying her &lt;Let you go, Christine.
Let you go. As soon as you will discover what I already know, you will throw to
my feet in ecstatic gratitude&gt; "I... I..."

I don't want to comfort her too much, then I change my arguments, but I'm sure
she understood enough &lt;And so, you have no choice, Christine. You may only
hope that someone liberates you, but there is no chance at all. You will take
what I plan for you, hence better for you to indulge my whims... Now go in the
bathroom, and as soon as you enter, I want you kneel in front of your mates and
you ask them what you have to do for them&gt; She meekly moves shuffling her
ankle chain, when I asset her a perfect soundly spank on her shaped arse to
accelerate her.

The two whores welcome Christine reverence casually. Is Mary that imparts the
first order from under the warm water cascade "Christine, I'm sorry, but I'm so
sore in my tits, I've difficulties on bent, could you lathering me?". One order
follows the first, and in half hour they discover as simpler is the slavery with
an own slave serving them in all.

The apex arrives when Mary says "I'm thinking I was going to die... Erika your
tongue has kept me alive, but now I've an incredible need to come...
Christine... And be so delicate, because I'm so sore with the piercings ..." and
Erika "Ohh, me too, Cristine, I really need it, please. C'mon, don't bring us to
order it to you...".

After the shower party I allow them to get an hour of relax under a light sun
lamp, and I hear again Erika demanding another orgasm to the poor Christine.

Mary instead is much proved, she's panting stays slumped over the rug.

&lt;Christine! Massage gently this medical gel on Mary tits! Mary, endeavour the
little pain, it will help you&gt;.

&lt;Christine! Prepare the 'table' for the dinner&gt;. Again I enjoy the sight
of three attractive arses on the air, while their bearers have their kind faces
dipped in a bowl on the floor.

&lt;So, my sweet guests, before to go to sleep I want to show you something very
interesting&gt;

I hobble their ankles and I tie their hands behind their backs in the most
uncomfortably way. Mary and Erika with their wrists faced and drawn high behind
their back. Christine instead with her forearm down, stuck together from wrists
to elbows, behind her back, of course. With the leashes I ready a little train
of slaves and I hood them three &lt;Now I show you where you are, follow
me!&gt;. With Mary in front and Christine for last, I lead them three to the
roof of my mansion.

We arrive into a very chill room where I un-hood them. Naked in their harness
they are all shivering. But they may look out of a wide glass French window the
desolate panorama. 

They all three admire disbelieved the glacial lands all around. Snow, snow and
ice all over around. Then barbed-wire fences, then wall fences, then few armed
guards and dogs.

It is evident the unusual far, very far, latitude I have brought them.

Mary suddenly fells on her knees "Ho, nho... nhooh ... nhoo".

&lt;Ho yes! Do you believe me now, Mary? NO ONE WILL COME TO SAVE YOU FROM ME!
You may only hope in my kindness, and to behave properly as the slaves you
are... and you will remain forever!&gt;

&lt;Let's go now, or you could get sick, and it would mean that you had to be
substitute... there are no hospitals for slaves here...&gt;.

By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




4 Christine, I meet you your chastity belt...



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com







Back, to the dungeon, I lead Erika and Mary in a relatively spacious bar cell. I
let their arms constricted behind their back. &lt;Kneel there you two! And you
Christine, stand up here you, widen your legs&gt;

Under the astonished stares of her mates, I produce a strong plastic armour,
shaped as panty, and a strange metal sphere with a kind of rubber finger
attached onto it.

&lt;Christine's chastity belt, I meet you Christine, Christine I meet you your
personal chastity belt&gt; "Hohho..." &lt;It is prepared expressly for your
body. Once locked, nothing un-allowed could reach your pussy... Not even a slim
finger. It is a 'self satisfaction proof' type. Hooh I know, I know, there would
be no purpose in your case, you are unable to climax at all,&gt; I glimpse at
the two hog on the floor, they remained puzzled more again at my last assertion
&lt;but it brings also further facilities. For example, here there is a special
link... one among the many, on which I'm able to fix this expressly made
Chinese-love-ball... Do you know how it works? No? It is so simple. The ball is
a hollow steel sphere, 4 cm of external diameter, which contains a second solid
steel sphere. The internal sphere is sustained from a spring, but this spring is
too weak to sustain it very well, then every movement of the external sphere
causes the internal one to knock into the external one. Moreover the external
sphere has a rubber sustain that I'm going to bolt to the chastity belt. This
way the love-ball will remain well dipped inside your love canal, exactly at the
height of your G-spot. Every movement of your, will knock the two spheres,
giving you an intimate stimulation. You are about to endure a long continuous
deep stimulation, Christine, because the chastity belt is studied so that you
are allowed to defecate... when there is no butt-plugs mounted, of course. And
it allows you to pee as well... when there is no urethral plugs mounted... of
course.&gt; Christine expression becomes suddenly terrorized &lt;Since I've
prepared it with only the love-ball implant mounted, I may decide to lock you
inside your chastity belt as long as I like you have only to trust in my
kindness ... Are you ready? No matter, you will be in few seconds&gt; I grease
whole the internal chastity belt edges, included the metal invader, and then I
begin rubbing Christine pussy with lubricant. Then I kindly put the chastity
belt in place, slowly allowing her condemned pussy to accept the love-ball
invasion among her whines. And I lock the mechanism.

&lt;As you would already noticed, there is no key or keyhole. There is an
electronic system lock. And only the right remote control could open it... This
remote!&gt; I show them a remote control with a C marked onto it.

&lt;But, in order to enjoy the love-ball to its best, you have to be heeled, and
I have what you need. Lift your foot!&gt; I lace a second leather cuff Right
below Christine's permanent ankle cuff, which it keeps in place a beautiful
black spike 8 cm heel shoe. As I've finished she wears a pair of them, and she
can't slip them out without the key.

&lt;So! Walk now! And enjoy my gift, slave&gt; 

A show! With their arms constrained behind her back and her jumping chest, at
her first unsteady pace she receives the first self produced knocks inside her
belly, which causes her to lose the balance. She's almost to fall, when the
sudden movement she does to regain the balance causes new harder knocks. She's a
continuous sighing  "Oho... ooohhh... Mast... hoh..."

&lt;You enjoy it I see! Now stop shacking and stood, I'm freeing your arms&gt;

&lt;You are trapped! Do you sense it?&gt; "Y...yees, Master".

&lt;I'm invading you, is it my right?&gt; "Absolutely, Master".

&lt;Do you feel the strong resistance of the shield that is now protecting my
absolute property?&gt; "Hoh... Yes, Master"

&lt;Do you know that there is also a rechargeable battery and an electric
torture system inside the fibreglass of your personal chastity belt?&gt; "Hoohh,
nhoo, nhooh, please, Masteeer, nhoo..."

&lt;Hooh, yes instead! But not today. Don't be in a hurry. Now run into the
cell&gt;.

I leave Mary and Christine in the cell in the dungeon, and I bring Erika with
me. &lt;Christine, I untied your hands because I would like you taking care of
Mary. Obey her orders! Do not dare to miss! And you Mary make her 'to walk' a
little now and then. Tomorrow you will report me if she has properly behaved...
Christine, why don't you begin massaging Mary's aching shoulders?&gt;.

&lt;Let's go sweet candy, you have to show your deep devotion to me this night,
because I've a great urge to whip your tender succulent body all over, and only
an incredible amount of your juice might convince me to postpone more the sight
of your whole body striped with hundred of red stripes&gt;

"Nhoo, nhoo, Master... Tell me what I've to do... Please, I only desire to
properly serve you, Master". I support a knee on the floor, between hers, I
seize her nipples with my indexes and thumbs and I gently twirl them &lt;Good
Erika! You see, you are understanding! That little brain you have, knows how to
make you surviving! I was sure of this, I knew... Now, do a further little step,
sweet Erika...&gt; I increase the twirling action &lt;You know that I don't like
too much tender slaves' nipples free. Then, what do you propose we have to do
about?&gt; "...I... I don't know...YYYYEEEEAAAHH" I gave her nipples a good jerk
&lt;You may to do better, Erika... Or perhaps do you prefer a long night of
whipping?&gt; "Nhooo, Nhhooo, b... b... ut what would you... Those... those
clamps... perhaps..." &lt;Yes, they might be an option, but don't you really
have any other ideas?&gt; "Hoohhoo, nhoo, you want to pierce meeee...
pleeaaseee, nhooo" &lt;There is nothing terrible, you already saw your mates&gt;
"Pleeeaseee, Master, pleeeaaaaseee" &lt;Ok, we'll do like this: I'm allowing you
to decide.&gt; I slip on her a ball-gag which I steadily buckle behind her head
&lt;Now you will stand up and you will take place onto the gynaecological chair
to get the piercings, or you comfortably bent over the padded horse on which you
will enjoy many types of whips and canes whole the night long&gt; she's
hesitating stays knelt staring and mewing at me. Then I produce a leather crop
and I begin to harshly whip her flanks and external thighs. The sharp pain makes
her to stand up and run toward the scaring woman chair. Another good lash onto
her clasped thighs convinces Erika to lean her young legs into the stirrups, in
which I secure them.

I operate on her quickly, without exalting her fear and sufferance, then, fully
pierced exactly like Christine, I release her from the chair.

Useless to tell that she released again her bladder on the floor.

&lt;Now run in the bedroom and wait for me there. You still have to earn another
night far from the whip, prepare yourself to give your best: I expect
enthusiasm, devotion and orgasms! RUN NOW!&gt;.

I throw a last glance inside the cell. Christine is knelt over a cot with Mary
sat between her thighs that is enjoying a shoulders massage. &lt;Good night my
slaves, I'm going to squeeze a lot of juice from your mate!&gt;.

I took a great advantage from Erika's piercings during whole the night. At first
she complained a great pain in her pussy, but after the first hour of
discourteous abuses, she surrendered and started even to climax.

I proved an intoxicant pleasure making her to squirm continuously in the
desperate research of a hint relief from my uncountable wicked abuses all over
her tightly restrained and defencelessly smooth body. She's so fresh and tender,
so delicate and elastic. There are be more than one occasion in which, sweaty
and exhausted she almost abandoned her duties, but I always prevented her to do
it. She's too pleasant feeling such an exciting delicate body between my hands.
A simple gentle tug on a fresh piercing was quite enough to persuade her to
willingly expose this or that target to my next viciousness.

I made her to roll an infinite number of times all around my big mattress. She
often offered herself to me by her own initiative, widening her legs at their
most, in the desperate hope to calm down my spasmodic desire of total possess
over her. But I only pretended she had succeeded, to rewarding her for the
suitable offer. But after not more than 10 minutes of exploiting of her tamed
sex, I always restarted with many little torments on her pale innocent-like
fresh body.

&lt;You know, you know you deserve it...&gt; I was telling her &lt;You know you
are not the innocent girl you pretend to seem... But you found the right master
for you... A master that knows your real nature of wore... Say it!... Say it! I
want to hear you admitting it...&gt; And I don't think she's so smart to be able
to act, among continuous pain squirming and uncountable yells, her revealing
answers "...Y..yes, Master... I deserve it, Master... I always sold myself for
benefits... It is from my 14... I'm selling my body... Punish me, Master... I'm
a slut... Punish meeeee...".

Shit! What a night!

The sheets are all marked of little spots of blood from Erika's piercings
rubbing.

The following morning I'm only dreaming about another great night like this with
Mary... But it is still too soon, and moreover her pert tits are still too
damaged to enjoy them properly. But the wait will surely worth the prize to
dominate an arrogant and spoiled beauty like her.

And then... there is still the best surprise... Christine, that she still
ignores her real fate.

I use the next days to allow my slaves to heal their many piercings, and Mary to
recover her abused tits. 

I employ that time to teach them how taking convenient attitudes and I use my
crop to push them to understand my instructions.

Erika is still used as succulent bed slave, and Christine is more and more drawn
into the humbling role of slaves' maid... the slave of slaves.

The two bitches love the power over the poor Christine. They both started even
mocking her for her chastity device and besides for the uselessly of it, since,
they evilly enjoy laughing at her that she's unable to climax.

Moreover I wickedly keep Erika's and Mary's arms always tied behind their backs,
sometimes comfortably, sometimes harshly constricted. This way I accelerate the
process of 'taking confidence' with the role of order-giver of both of them. 

By now they both assertively use Christine for their normal needs and for their
own pleasure, and they are both increasing their own daily climax number.

They also started enjoy teasing her in some ways. For example, when the
love-ball is installed on Christine Chastity belt, they both enjoy forcing her
to trot, causing a never fulfilled stimulation under Christine G-Spot.

And I have to admit that I find so funny to mock Christine my way, calling her
'the licker slave' or 'sterile climaxer' always causing Christine to weep
ashamed and deeply humbled.

But very often I've a kindness toward her... only for her. A comforting caress,
or an encouragement word &lt;Be patient, Christine. We are almost there. Trust
me, you will see... You couldn't even imagine what there is in store for you&gt;
&lt;Abandon yourself to these excitements you are tasting for the first time in
your life. You are growing up, and you are almost ready...&gt;.

I feel a mix of amusement and anger, seeing how the two egoists are treating
Christine. She's became a slave in their mind, and they exploit that advantage
at their best. They always have an order in store for her. At first they gave
her orders in a sort of kind manner, but by the days they began to give her
direct orders, arrogantly and incessantly.

In many occasion they allied in order to shift their blames over Christine, even
enjoying satisfied Christine's consequent unfair ruthless punishment... with my
approbation and great amusement on torturing that lustful body, of course.

I'm unfairly punishing her, ignoring her pleading stare at me. She never dared
to complain, she only submissively asked for mercy &lt;No mercy for you
Christine. You are a slave of slaves, you have only to serve and suffer!&gt;.
But after she accepted the undeserved agony, I always found a moment in which,
far from the two bitches, I comforted her with a sweet massage with ointment or
something similar.

Despite she almost always remained with her hands completely free, Christine has
never showed signs of rebellion or even to self protection. She always passively
received whatever her master decided for her... And in the last weeks I've been
very hard with her.

Sometimes I bring my slaves to a real dinner. Three sat around a table, and
Christine knelt beside me with a bowl of food and one of milk in front of her...
on the floor.

Also my other two guests have to heat without cutlery, but in these occasion I
restrain them to their chairs in the way that they may use their hands.
Differently from Christine, to whom, instead, in these occasions I get great
pleasure from tying her hands behind her back. I love her silent warm tears
shedding in the bowl which she's eating from.

The two hog are  by now almost heedless toward Christine predicament, as she was
not more one of them.

But things are almost to change, and I'm sure that the perfect moment is about
to arrive.

By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




5 My first guest, Christine!



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com







Today would seem a usual day. I had another great night of abuses over Erika,
who she already learned to exploit the advantages at the most.

She has powerful climaxes, and she comes at least 4 or 5 times at night... times
to add of those that she expects from Christine mouth. We may nicely evince that
she doesn't dislike unwilling DBSM intercourse. My first impression about Erika
was exact, Erika is a sex addicted, whoever is able to satisfy her wide sexual
needs, is as well able to control her completely. And her condition of sex and
pain slave exalts notably her sexuality. I definitively own her, but it is not
enough yet.

Different situation for Mary. I've been so tolerant with her. During the past
weeks she almost regained whole her natural arrogance. Of course, she properly
kneels in front of me, but I've to do a great effort to pretend to not be aware
of her snooty expressions.

And moreover she began to vent out her disappoint over Christine.

Today, entering the dungeon, I found Mary yelling and kicking on Christine's
flank. Christine was crying loudly, crushed in a corner, she was protecting
herself at her best, unable to escape.

Mary suddenly interrupted her action as she saw me, and she stepped back.

I pretended nothing, and I open the cell. I calmly snapped a leash to Mary
collar and I lead her toward the bathroom.

I glanced at Christine and I addressed at her with calm voice &lt;C'mon,
Christine, you already know your duties, you have to wash Erika and Mary... We
await you in the bathroom&gt;.

And in that exact moment, the spark I was waiting from days went of:

Since I continue pretending to be inattentive, Mary turns her head toward
Christine, and she grins at her in the way so she's clearly expressing "You see,
Christine? He's in my hands, I'm taming him meanwhile he's deluding to tame
me!".

And the spark ignites the burst. Still knelt just outside the cell door, with
hands clasped in two white fists raised in front of her grimacing face,
Christine explodes, yelling loudly for her first time, perhaps in whole her life
"Whyyyy? Whyyy, Masteeeer? Whyyy do you allow that bitch to banter youuuu so
thaaat? Why don't you give her what she really deseeeerveeees?".

Wow! I almost strangle Mary, in my sudden rush toward Christine. I'm grabbing
Mary's leash in one hand and the rubber crop in the other one. As I am in front
of Christine, she bows her head awaiting my first blow, but instead I give a tug
so harsh on Mary leash, that, with her arms tied behind her back, she's unable
to balance and she feels knelt beside me. Then with the same hand that is
grabbing Mary leash, I violently grab a handful of Christine hairs and I jerk
her head up. Handing her the crop I yell at her &lt;AND WHY DON'T YOU DO IT BY
YOURSELF, IDIOT?&gt; three, maybe five seconds of general disbelief, then "W...
What?" &lt;KEEP OUT YOUR REAL NATURE, CHRISTINE... KEEP IT OUT! NOW OR NEVER
AGAIN! GIVE THIS BITCH WHAT SHE DESERVES... NOW!&gt;.

Is Mary the first one to understand what is happening. I feel her tugging on the
leash in the vain attempt to retire. But it is too late!

Christine expression changes at once. She assumes a kind of none expression and
she stares at me panting heavily. With her head still trapped in my hand she
releases the clasped right fist and she inserts her slender fingers inside my
hand in order to take the crop handle from it.

Then she starts moving her head, without forcing my hand, but inviting, or
better asking me to allow her. I slowly release her hairs, and as soon as she's
free, she repeats another invasion inside my left palm, to gain the posses of
Mary leash too.

With a single movement I stand up and I step back few paces. From my position I
fully enjoy the furious rising up of a Christine that no one had never seen.

Knelt, Mary is scaring staring at her from below, and she already started
begging her former personal maid "Noh, nho, Christine, nho please, calm down...
I'm sorry... Calm down... Don't AHIIII...".

The first blow hits her over her tied arm, the next one over her hands, the next
on her arse, then again and again a shower of at least 30 hard lashes ol over
her thighs and buttocks. Christine is only thinking on seeking a target to hit,
nothing else. She doesn't emit a single word. She only escapes an effort groan
now and then.

Mary instead is begging desperately at Christine, but more than she begs for a
stop, more than she receives new lashes.

After at least 60 blows, Mary collapses laid on the floor, and I've to intervene
to stop Christine.

As I was hoping, Christine immediately senses me approaching, and she stops her
action. She remains with the hand seizing the rose crop, staring at me. It is a
crucial moment, but Christine in truth was not aware to be in an inappropriate
attitude. In fact after only few seconds she assumes a scared expression and
"Hoh, nho, Master, no... I'm only... I was unaware of you..." and bowing her
head she promptly offers me the crop while kneeing in front of me.

&lt;I want to believe you, but you have to be punished anyway for such an
affront&gt; "Yes, Master... Thank you for believing my words... Where have I to
get my just punishment?".

&lt;No Christine, not now. Now there are more important things to take care
of&gt; &lt;Did you understand what is just arrived?&gt;. "I..., Master..., I had
an access of rage, Master... ? " &lt;No, Christine, tell me what you was feeling
while you was punishing that whore?&gt; "...Rag... No... More... Pleasure...,
accomplishment... accomplishment and pleasure, Master" &lt;Better! Listen to me
Christine, do you know why I fucked only that idiot of Erika, sparing this whore
and avoiding you at all?&gt; "N... no, Master..." &lt;Because I wanted that you
was ready for me, and I wanted that you proved to be ready for me making me a
great gift&gt; "... Which gift, Master ?" &lt;You will be worthy of my
attentions when you will present me with a Mary worthy of me!&gt; "WHAT MASTER?
Do you want I tame Mary for you?" &lt;Yeeeeeesssssss! Do you think to be able
to?&gt;.

Christine gasps for long moments of astonishment. Then her expression changes
again and with a wicked grin she gives me her most confident answer "Yes,
Master! Give me only few hours and I ..."  &lt;No, no, Christine&gt; I interrupt
her &lt;There is no rush at all. You HAVE to take all your time... or better,
Mary's time. I showed you something, you undertook it on your own. Now you have
whole the dungeon, the instruments and the time you need. The only condition is
that you come to me, one day, no matter which one, saying 'Master this totally
crushed slave desires to properly serve you'. And I will expect to receive in
gift a completely different Mary, deeply subjugate into her soul. Did you
understand, Christine?&gt; "Y... Yes, Master" &lt;Your hands are already free
form weeks, and starting today I'm un-hobbling your ankles too. Now you have my
permission to move freely between my bedroom, the bathroom and the dungeon.
Starting from this moment you are authorized to touch and use all the padlock
keys you need, to tie both the whores at your discretion and you are allowed to
use all torture instruments you will reckon appropriate. There is instruction
catalogues in the dungeon shelves, for those instruments I haven't 'showed' you
yet ... Yes, of course, Christine, you are not the maid anymore, you are the
dominant, and you may dispose of Erika too as you prefer... Even if ... Remember
that Erika is my current bed toy, hence you have to consider it... Yes,
Christine, by now you are my dominant slave, and you are fully responsible of
all my other slaves. I showed you as they really are, then I hope you will be
enough strong with them... You cannot fail, because you would definitively
return to be the maid slave&gt; she looks at me scared &lt;but I'm absolutely
sure that you will be a great ... Mistress... I immediately understood that this
was your real nature&gt;.

Forgot on the floor, Mary followed our conversation, and now she attempts some
pathetic remedial actions "Ho, Master... Christine, no, I'm sorry... I... "
"SHUT UP, WHORE!" Christine explodes, and then she addresses at me "Master, may
I close this sewer?" &lt;My pleasure, Christine, do you already know where to
retrieve the necessary?&gt; "Yes, Master. May I..." &lt;No, Christine! You have
to evaluate your new position. It is truth that you are still my slave, but you
are no more a passive one, your duties are something changed, and also your
behaviour has to be different. You have to be contemporary deferent and
submissive toward me and inflexible, cruel and proactive toward these bitches.
You have to take some risks, and if you upset me you would simply pay it with a
punishment that will give both: to me a good time and to you further indications
on how to behave correctly ... Clear?&gt; She doesn't answer me, she simply
steps back, she performs a respectful bow, and she moves to retrieve what she's
needing.

I was right about her... I knew!

Mary hasn't even the time to understand what is passing, that she feels one hand
grabbing and unkindly pull her hairs from behind, and a second hand that roughly
stuffs a large penis-gag into her mouth. Then Christine nails Mary on the floor
with a knee, and buckles the straps behind her head... more taut than I ever
done!

"What are you complaining for, idiot? You cannot even dream into your worst
nightmare what you are about to undergo! And for appetizer I have something very
interested for you".

Still grabbing her hairs she draughts Mary upright and she leads her to the
wooden pony. "Climb up, idiot! Or I would drag you to the wooden horse, which is
craving to kiss your eager spoiled pussy... Ho yes, I know you, little innocent
girl, you even don't know the difference... YET! But you are going to discover
it, don't doubt, for the moment I suggest you to immediately climb over the
pony, or I will lift you there by myself". Aware to be in deep trouble, Mary
obeys, and Christine immediately chains her ankles to the floor with rather
short chains. Then she adjusts the wooden pony height in order to keep Mary
naked feet on their tiptoes. Finally she links Mary chest harness to a ceiling
chain with a slight slack that will prevent her to bend without supporting her
to stay far from the wood.

"Did you understand the game, Mary? As soon as your feet become tired of
sustaining your own weight, you will slowly support your spoiled pussy onto the
wooden blade, and your long amusement will eventually start" Mary may only
replay pleading with her eyes and with muffled begs "Later I will help you to
distract from the pain in you cunt. You will see, a good tit whipping makes to
forget anything else!".   

Then Christine returns toward me and kneels beside me.

I almost escaped to laugh, hearing Christine to use the exact words I used with
her when I was enjoying her agony over the wooden pony... and wooden horse too.

&lt;You started your new role distinguishably, Christine, I'm really impressed,
and pleased! But now listen to me attentively&gt; &lt;No permanent damages are
allowed without my direct permission, nor physically and nor mentally. No
disfigurements or permanent signs or marks are allowed without my express
permission. No bone fractures or dislocations are allowed... still without
special permission. And I don't want to loose one of them for a cool, hence use
always warm water and warm rooms and a lot of blankets. And finally, I don't
like games with animals or excrements ... Ok?&gt;.

"Absolutely yes, Master".

&lt;Now hurry up! You have to take care of Erika too, you have a lot of work to
do with her too. This evening I want Erika, perfectly clean and perfumed, in my
bed ready to do everything just to remain far from you and from the dungeon ...
Make me a surprise, invent something amusing with her! Do you think to be able
within this evening, Christine!&gt; "Yes, Master. This evening that bitch will
perform for my Master something very interesting". &lt;Good. For Mary, instead,
work slowly, I want her truly broken... Days, weeks, months... No matter, see
about she suffers&gt; "With infinite pleasure, Master... Master?" &lt;Yes,
first-slave?&gt; "Thank you, Master" &lt;Ho, you will see, Christine, surprises
for you aren't finished yet. You will thank me more devotedly, don't doubt...
Never doubt of me, never&gt; "Yes, Master. I trust you, Master. I always trusted
you, from the very first moment, even if I was ignoring why" &lt;Soon, first
slave, soon... Last thing, I give you my permission to make the slaves to
address at you as 'Mistress'. Get work now, I will follow your performance for
few minutes, then you will continue alone&gt;.

She grabs the rubber crop and she runs to the bathroom where Erika, chained
under the still shut shower, is still waiting her maid.

As Erika sees her, she casually gives her the usual order "Christine, at last!
Kneel immediately here, I urge to come a couple of times before the shower"

A series of 5 lashes all over her legs and arse is a quite comprehensible
answer.

The poor Erika, she couldn't even crouch on the floor, because of the ceiling
chain joint at her collar, and she can't protect herself in any way, because her
arms clasped behind her back as I like so much. The only protection are few
leather tongs here and there, those of the chest harness, which all my three
slaves always wear, but it is very little protection against a raging mistress
ex-maid with a painful rubber crop.

But Christine isn't satisfied at all from Erika defencelessly, and she
interrupts her revenge only the time to switch the shower water to wet her
victim body.

She waits few seconds that she's well moist, before to close again the faucet
and calmly moving anew in position. Erika in the meanwhile is desperately asking
for what is arriving. "Is happening that, by now, the boot is on the other foot,
little whore. By now you are the slave of a slave, and I'm your mistress... Call
me your mistress!". "Christine... As soon as the Master will know what you just
done, he will punish you terribly". "The Master? Have you really intention to
tell him this little secret?" "OF COURSE, BITCH! I'M TELLING HIM AT ONCE, and I
will also tell him much more than is really happened, and Mary will confirm my
version, so you will be harshly punished!". "Bad girl, bad girl, why don't you
begin your account right now then? The Master is already behind you!". After a
glance at me, Erika begins her information "Master! Christine whipped me! She
disobeys me and she cursed at you in the meanwhile!".

&lt;Hoh, This Is a truly serious lack...&gt; even an idiot like Erika would
notice my mocking tone, but she's is too much involved in her revenge &lt;...
Tell me exactly what she said, Erika&gt; "She said you are... " &lt;No, no, use
exactly her words!&gt; "She said -The Master is an idiot, he swallows whatever I
say. He's a swine, a pig. It will be enough to coax him a little to make him
believing whatever I like. - And she also said- I hat him because that bastard
has close me in that fucking chastity belt - ... That is... Master".

&lt;CHRISTINE!&gt; I yell, causing Erika to smile broadly and satisfied... But
&lt;DO YOU THINK THAT ERIKA SHOULD SAY SUCH FILTH ABOUT HER MASTER?&gt;.

"Absolutely not, Master" "..but.. but... I...  I don't... " &lt;I've evidently
been too kind with all of you! You haven't any respect toward me! But things
have to change! CHRISTINE!&gt; "Yes, Master" &lt;I suggest you to bring a more
respectful Erika in my bed this evening!&gt; &lt;And you Erika, I suggest that
you become a little kinder toward your brand new mistress Christine. Because if
I've been too kind with you, till to sparing you the whip, I'm afraid that
Christine will not... First-slave Christine, have you intention to spare the
whip to Erika like I've done till now?&gt; "I'm sorry, Master, but I think that
Erika needs the whip more than any other person over the face of the world...
But if you desire it, I'll obviously obey" &lt;Absolutely not! I've complete
confidence in your judgement over your slave' needs!&gt; "Thank you, Master...
Thank you".

&lt;So, I think you two have a lot of things to clear up, I leave you two
alone&gt;.

"NHOOOO, NHOOO, MASTER, NHOOO... AHHAHAAHHH... NHOOO... AAHAHH..".

The meeting between Erika and the whip is started at last, and I suspect that
they will argument for a while... No instead: indeed I'm almost sure that it
will be forever.

I'm struggled to avoid whipping that spoiled bitch along all those weeks, and to
avoid giving to Mary what she always deserved along whole her life, but I think
having took the right decision, bringing Christine to do it for me. The two
bitches can wait, instead, before I had to draw out Christine's real nature.

Over the wet Erika's body, the sound of my crop is delightfully sharpened, and
this  comforts me quietly in order of my choice and wait.

Before to leave the bathroom I address to Christine my last advice
&lt;Christine!...&gt; she instantly gives her full attention at me &lt;...
Remember that a good mistress knows how to not exaggerating, instead she's a
specialist of to always walk along the edge&gt; "Yes, Master. I won't disappoint
you".

I enter in the dungeon while the bathroom is again filled of desperate screams
for mercy.

I approach Mary, which pussy has already begun kissing the wood of the pony.

She's all sweaty and her legs are trembling by the strain to sustain her weight
with her tired feet.

I cuddle her belly with my right hand, staring her eyes while she begs me, from
behind her invading penis-gag. &lt;My dear Mary, you both have fallen in my
trap. It was so evident, almost puerile, but you were too arrogant to realize
it. Instead you were judging me an idiot at the level of Erika or even below.
Surely you already begun thinking to take some more advantages and then to
attempt an escape... But you reckoned badly, my pet. I was only waiting that the
real personality of Christine emerged, and I was preserving you two spoiled
flowers for her cares. Your kind stay in my mansion is finished, now real
troubles await you and Erika, and you have to thank only your broad egoism!&gt;
Saying that last phrase I begin to dig my fingers in her belly and flanks,
causing Mary to be overcome by the tickle, to wriggle violently and to
continuously hit the wooden blade between her thighs... so painfully.

She screams and laughs spasmodically in agony, squirming pleasantly in my hands.
I continue such an amusing game for long, allowing her to take back some keen
breath through her nostrils now and then, minutes of rest that she spends in the
vain attempt to begging me. Her desperate tears give me a great satisfaction at
least. Now and then I caught Christine who she takes a stroll during a short
Erika's whipping pause.

&lt;Do you like your new life of payment, Mary?&gt; I ask her after a half hour
of intermitting tickle, during which I check her crotch. Is whole reddened and
it has started swelling. &lt;Mhmm, your pussy will appreciate better the kiss of
the wood now... but I would like to avoid scratches, then I'm giving you an
undeserved little comfort&gt;. Before to leave her, I grease Mary pussy and the
wooden blade under her, then I step out from the dungeon.

By chance, during the day I passed a couple of time next to the dungeon, but I
avoided to enter and to disturb Christine job, I only sniggered amused, hearing
Christine imparting instructions like "... NO, IDIOT! You don't like the
sufferance! You have to say the truth! The Master doesn't like lies! You have to
answer that you don't like it, but that you deserve it!...".

In the evening I call Christine by the intercom &lt;Would you like to join with
me for dinner?&gt; "Yes, thank you, Master... Sorry, Master: what about Erika
and Mary?" &lt;You will prepare something for them and you will give it them if
you think they merit it. But for this evening I don't think it is the case to
allow them to leave the dungeon&gt; "Yes, Master... I will join you in a
second".

Overcoming my expectations, Christine arrives and kneels in front of me, then,
after checked my approbation, she looks around for her bowl.

&lt;No, my first-slave, you will sit by now. The floor is for the two pets. You
will kneel there only during my games or your punishments&gt;. She even doesn't
answer, she simply sits beside me and she begins weeping with her head bowed
over her empty dish.

Few minutes flow, then &lt;What do you think is the more appropriate thing,
Christine? Me serving the dinner to you or you serving the dinner to me?&gt;
"Ho!... Sorr...Master... I'm... I " &lt;Ohh, shut up then! I forgive you, but
now I'm hungry!&gt;.

By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




6 My second guest, Erika



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com







We don't talk a lot, she's too excited, but before to leave I ask her about
Erika "I will bring her to you in two hours, Master... She's ready, I've only to
bath and perfume her... I would think also to a large enema if you like, Master"
&lt;Good idea... wash her very deeply, at least 4 times... and bring her to me
filled, yes, filled and plugged, of course... In the case I will call you to
empty her when I will deem it suitable&gt; Christine's eyes widen in delighted
surprise "YYYeeeesss, Master, yyyeeeessss! Her eager womb is going to have what
it needs"

&lt;Don't be in a hurry, I'm reading a book, 2 hours or 3 make no difference.
The important is that you promised me a surprise, and I claim it!&gt;.

A little less than 3 hours later I was reading and sipping my whiskey, when
someone knocks my door. I sit on the foot of the bed &lt;Ahead!&gt; . A sight!

All over her light-skinned body, which is glistening for balsamic ointments,
there are a multitude of red stripes in any direction. Only her weeping face has
been spared from the whip. Despite un-gagged, she strives to suffocate the cries
and the sobs which are continuously overcoming her. Although the evident
sufferance she dares to say nothing. Erika's defeated and lost young face
expression is witness of an indescribable agony, just endured and still biting
her.

Her hairs have been combed in a ponytail, but before to be gathered in the tail,
they swell all around her spoiled child face. The dark leather harness that was
trapping her chest has been substitute by an equivalent one, but white, and more
taut that the usual one, except around her waist, in which is loosened to allow
Erika's filled belly to swell freely.

A thin white leather leash hangs from the nose-ring and is swinging freely: it
seems awaiting for an owner... Me?

Her posture is slighting bent ahead, so I roll my index on air. Then she slowly
spins in place, allowing me to notice that her wrists are drawn higher than
usual, so that she could almost scratching her nape, and they are laced to the
harness along all their length by many thin straps.

Her arse is practically a continuous red stripe, and I could spot the
enthusiastic rubber cork into her asshole from which is hanging a pony tail.

She also wears shoes. White high heeled shoes, firmly buckled around her ankles,
but the most exciting thing is the pair of white ankle-socks she's wearing. How
Christine has been able to slip her on it is a mystery. She had to thread them
between ankle and (the permanent) ankle-cuff. But the result is a masterpiece of
lust. The ankle-socks are those of an impertinent collegial girl that is
experimenting her first seduction weapons. They rise not even above the ankle,
and then they open there in an exciting white frill that encircles the calf.  

I tell her to face me again, and I admire the two spring clamps that are firmly
seizing Erika areolas, causing her nipples to squeeze out and the nipple rings
to shine freely. To each clamp is attached a 30 cm long leash chain.

While she was moving, I noticed strange contraptions on her pelvis. At first I
thought them consequence of the enema, but now I spotted something incredibly
amusing. Her clit was very uncomfortably stretched by something .

&lt;Come here slave!&gt; I grab one strap of her harness to balance her and
&lt;put one foot on the mattress&gt; with a desperately suffocate whine, she
performs, then I may appreciate Christine creativity. Two thin elastics are
tensed between her clit-ring and her two anal piercings, and they are harshly
pulling her highly sensitive sexual device, elongating it outside its
protection. Moreover, fucking her without releasing the elastics would means a
continuous stroking of them and a consequent agony in Erika's clitoris.

I tweak one elastic and I gently pull it, eliciting a subjugate whine of higher
pain.

But the surprises aren't finished yet. From her love canal it spurts the string
of a pearls necklace. The 10 hard plastic pearls are threaded inside her pussy,
and she's straining to keep them inside. Differently she would be punished, of
course, but moreover the pears would have to pass between the two elastics
tensed between her aching clitoris and her anus, pulling them more again.

Last harassment is a little spiked metal ball tied to the ending finger ring of
the pearls necklace. The spikes are not long, only few mm, at each Erika step
the spiked ball is stroked between her thighs, and causes an unbearable
distress. Erika's internal thighs are already all stitched and bleeding by the
spiked ball action.

"Master?" Christine appears through the room door. "Are you satisfied of my
surprise for you?" &lt;Christine!... I'm impressed... I knew you were a
dominant, but I never could guess you could be so naturally talented!&gt;.

"You flatter me, Master... I'm so glad to please you, Master... Your orders,
Master?" &lt;Do what you want, Christine, but remain within call, I could desire
your services&gt; "Yes, Master!".

&lt;Erika! Walk! Around the bed, and don't stop until I tell you! And walk
pleasantly, or I call Christine&gt;. She started whining at my order to walk,
but as I nominated Christine, she emitted a series of waving cries of fear and
she immediately began walking, striving to stay erect and to keep her legs
close.

Each step is a brand new torment on her clitoris by the elastics movements and
between her thighs for the merciless digging spikes, but her effort to continue
walking keeping close her mouth is admirable... Admiration toward Christine, of
course! Surely not toward that pampered idiot. Some good discipline and a lot of
sufferance is exactly what she needs, and I was tired to have to wait for.

Nothing to say, a female walking on high heels is always sexier than with low
shoes, and Erika makes no exception. Despite many uncertainties, due to her
terrible predicament, and despite her belly a little too round, thanks to the
trapped water, she's fascinating.

After enjoyed three endless tours around the bed, at Erika's endurance limit, I
recall her &lt;Kneel between my knees, slave, and tell me why should I allow you
to attend at my sexual wishes&gt;  "...B.. . I... " she's blubbering
uncontrollably, and then I resolutely give her a resounding smack in her cheek.
&lt;I posed you a question, I expect an exhaustive answer! Why should I allow
you to attend at my sexual wishes, instead of to put you in a torture device all
night long and to take in my bed someone more worthy?&gt; "Nho! Nho!... I..." 
then she starts to act something evidently learned by heart "I'm ready for you
now, Master. Now I'm aware, at last, of my real nature of servant. I will
perform whatever you will desire with my maximum obligation. I live only to obey
you, in the most humbling possible way. And I'm heartily sorry for the arrogance
of my far, past life. Please, Master, I beg you to order me something". Her
swollen eyes never end to shed warm tears. I'm pleased, pleased of Christine.

&lt;We'll check if you are really ready... Do you like your new look, Erika?&gt;
"Yes, Master, because I hope you like it" &lt;Do you like the pain in your clit,
Erika?&gt; "No, Master, but I deserve it, for my arrogance" &lt;Do you think
your arms are rightly disposed, Erika?&gt; "Yes, Master, they allow you to
dispose of me as you prefer"...

&lt;Incredible! It seems you are become intelligent! CHRISTINE!&gt;.

She arrives immediately she had to be just behind the door. "Yes, Master?".

&lt;How is it possible? She even seems intelligent!&gt; "No, Master, it is
simply her survivability that prevailed... And my menaces in the case she would
fail".

&lt;Do you think to be able to reach such a result with Mary?&gt; "Oh, no
Master. I want to do better with that whore, I need only a little more time"
&lt;No hurry at all, Christine. Take whole the time you need. Now I would like
you untie the spiked ball from Erika legs and retire you again&gt; "Immediately,
Master... Thank you, Master" &lt;Last thing, Christine... Do you think Erika
could climax with those elastics?&gt; "No, Master... I'm sure she would only
suffer terribly by the continuous pulling. If you desire she come, I immediately
release them, in few minutes she will regain her full sensitiveness and..."
&lt;Absolutely not! Their enjoyment period is ended, now it is time only to pay,
and orgasms have to become a very rare issue for them&gt; "Yes, Master... Thank
you, Master... Thank you very much... My superb Master!".

&lt;So, bed-slave, we try the usefulness of your tit chains, are you happy?&gt;
"Yes, Master, I deserve a little more troubles" she stammering says weeping in
fear and despair. I grab both chain and I drew her head toward my crotch. She
takes my cock at once and she begins to eagerly suck it. She already sucked me
many times, but this time she seems impatient to do it, as it was her only
desire... very pleasant!

But it is not enough &lt;You have to pay the pleasure of sucking your master,
isn't?&gt; She nods with her head, not daring to release my dominant cock. And
she continues to suck and suck even during my fierce tit pulling through the
clamp chains. She whines, she cries, she yells in anguish, but always around my
excited dick.

I lean on the mattress, with my feet still on the ground, around Erika, and
still grabbing and alternating tugging her tits clamps, that are so well
tightened on her areolas, that they don't loose their agonizing prey.

I deeply enjoy her job and her agony for a quarter-hour, and then unfortunately
I climax into Erika eager mouth. Her long whining of relief testifies the
unbearable anguish in her breast.

&lt;You are happy to have finished sucking your master! On my lap, you deserve
an addition of punishment!&gt;. A free hand spank wouldn't be a great thing, but
over such an already warmed arse like that of Erika would mean a tragedy.

I tie her ankles to a column of the canopy and I begin to spank and spank in
ecstasy my spoiled little girl, forcing her laid on my knees with my left hand
clasped to her harness.

She only may scream and enjoy each blow I administer to her burning butt.

&lt;Do you like it?&gt; "Nhohoho, Masteeehheer... B...but I dehesehervehe ihit,
Masteheher" &lt;So do you want some more?&gt; "Y...yees, Maasteer" &lt;I was
tired, but if you need it, we'll go ahead!&gt;.

After another good spank I roughly drew her head and I approach to Erika's ear
&lt;No more mercy for you two, never... forever!&gt;.

She answers with a long loud sobbing.

&lt;Now Lay down, I want to fuck you... But before there is to empty your
pussy... Tell me Erika, does Christine filled your pussy before to put the
elastics ?&gt; In the meanwhile I disposed Erika belly up, with her head near
the pillows and her legs at maximum wide with feet on the mattress and knees
half bent and lifted. I haven't tied her legs, she has to allow me on whatever I
will like by herself. "Y... yes, Master" &lt;More exhaustive, Erika!&gt; I give
a pinch on her thigh "HAAYYIII... YES, Master... She threaded the necklace, and
then she tensed the elastics between my ... clit and my ... butt piercings...
Master" &lt;Good, then no one had played this music yet... Incredible... My
Christine she's incredible... CHRISTINE!&gt; only 1 second, then few quick steps
around us, and from beside the mattress her warm, calm voice "Yes, Master...
Your orders?". &lt;kneel here onto the mattress, beside Erika! Now I want that
you play Erica's new instrument&gt;

She smiles, she support one hand on Erika's shaggy mons veneris and she grabs
the pendent ring. Then, ignoring Erika yells, as slowly as possible she begins
pulling the first pearl out. The pearl has to pass between the two elastics, and
before widening them it push them out, causing Erika's clit to receive a further
tension and pain. Then suddenly the elastics widen and the pearl passes at once
through them, but they close again awaiting for the next pearl and pain.

In a ten of minutes all the pearls are slipped out, and Erika is sobbing in
despair.

&lt;You hadn't understood yet, Erika? This is only the appetizer, the great
music have still to arrive! Christine, lay beside her, with your head touching
hers!&gt;.

Then I make room between Erika's elastics and I insert the head of my tool
inside her. I lay me over her and I grab her head &lt;Now the show begins&gt;
and I slowly push me inside her. The elastics follow my movement and cause new
pain in Erika's clitoris. She moans more in desperation for what have still to
come than for the present pain.

But before to continue &lt;Christine, grab one tit chain of this pain slave and
never stop to abuse it!&gt; then I switch my left hand from Erika's right head
side to Christine left cheek, and my right hand from Erika's left head side to
the apex of Christine head, grabbing an handful of her dark hairs.

I give a first complete out-and-in pump on Erika, and enjoying her anguish I
possessively kiss Christine's mouth.

She has a mix of convulsive laugh and weep into my mouth, then she immediately
replays to my kiss. Eagerly, willingly, desirously... pleasantly.

She holds me, and she starts to stroke my back, continuously pulling at Erika's
tit. I loose myself in Christine, and I unrewarding fuck Erika, that is moaning
in continuous pain in her clitoris and her tit, while her belly is seized by
cramps.

But nor me and nor Christine mean to ease her torment even for a hint.

I endure almost 15 minutes before to come, during which I never stop kissing
Christine.

As Christine already predicted, Erika hasn't be able to climax in that agony on
her sensitiveness organ.

&lt;You haven't climaxed Erika! It is the first time that you get fucked without
climaxing. You have to accustom to this new life stile, my dear... Your life is
about to become very different... you will learn to enjoy it, I'm sure&gt;.

&lt;Christine, bring that slave to the bathroom, wash her and empty her belly,
then release her clit and loosen a little her bondage and bring back her
here&gt; "Yes, Master". Christine general appearance is ... improved!

As they return I'm laying on the bed, with my penis softened and still dumped of
sex fluids. Erika is relieved but still scared and weeping.

Her hands are still behind her back, but very comfortably, and the harness too
has been loosened, except over her waist, on which it has been tightened, since
her bowels are now empty.

&lt;Make her cleaning me, and then chain her collar to a foot of the bed. Give
her those blankets&gt;. Useless to say how Christine made Erika to clean my
whole crotch.

"All done, Master" She announces me standing at the foot of the bed, ready to
leave the bedroom "Orders, Master?" &lt;Where are you intention to retire to
sleep, Christine?&gt; "In the cell, Master?" &lt;No, isn't a proper place for
you anymore... In normal conditions, of course&gt; "I... I... will sleep..."
&lt;Here tonight&gt; she shines in happiness &lt;tomorrow morning I will show
you the little room beside this one, in which you will may retire when not
differently ordered &gt;.

She doesn't even answer me, she gently climbs over the bed and she crawls beside
me. I lead her distending with her back to me, I link her wrists cuffs to a
headboard chain and I thread my hands around her. I keep possession of her big
tits and I knead them, not too gently but even not harshly. Christine seems
enjoying my hands as I was masturbating her, then I instinctively slip one hand
over her sex, but only to have the confirmation that my property is still well
insulated and protected by the chastity belt.

&lt;I know you begin to feel a strong nostalgia of sex activities. Despite you
are unable to climax you are missing that slow pleasure on yours... A self
stimulation at least... Isn't?&gt; "Y... Yes, Master, it is truth, I began to
miss it... But..." &lt;But?&gt; "But I love pleasing you, and if you fell good
by thinking of my pussy being insulated and craving for attentions... Hence I'm
glad to give you that satisfaction... How long as you decide... Even forever, if
you like".

&lt;Mhmm... For the moment it is like this. Then I will communicate you my
will&gt;.

&lt;Is the love ball still installed, Slave?&gt; "Yes, Master. It is inside me
since yesterday, Master" &lt;For tomorrow morning, I order you to reminder me to
slip out the chastity belt for an half hour, to take care of your innermost. You
will have your hands tied, in order to avoid that my property is stimulate. I
will free Erika's hands to help you. She will be at your orders... Did you hear,
Erika?&gt; a hoarse voice answers from the floor "Y... yes, Master... I will be
glad to serve my Mistress in all her needs, Master". I stretch out from the
mattress to see her. She's trembling and rolled up between the blankets, very
close to the bed foot &lt;How much slack have you allowed her... 'Mistress'?&gt;
"Almost 30 cm, Master... it is better she stays around... Master... ?" a long
pause of suspense, then &lt;Yes, you are right, I'm pleased&gt;. &lt;Ohpss, and
Mary?&gt; "She's enjoying her little cage for the night, Master, that one which
she asked you to put me inside" &lt;Good... Have you allowed her any
orgasms?&gt; "No, of course... Master" &lt;Good girl, you are!&gt;.

I would like to get asleep, but the continuous involuntary sobs and rattling and
shuffling of Erika are bothering me &lt;Christine, do you think Erika has
improved enough&gt; "No, Master, I think we still have a lot of work to do with
her, but she already lost her arrogance, then it is only matter of exercise on
servitude, not matter of breaking anymore..." &lt;Continue&gt; I'm disbelieved
from Christine keenness on my thoughts "... I think we could lessen her
training... if we notice a slackening in her learning, we could return to a
harsher attitude toward her". I'm glad &lt;Erika! Did you understand?&gt; "Yes,
Master... I think... Master" &lt;Strive to relax and to rest well this night,
because from tomorrow your training will become more bearable. A little more
comfort in your bondage, non continuous tortures and a little lighter... But
strive to learn to be a perfect servant slave, or we'll immediately return back
to amusing full journey of pain like today. Ok slave?&gt; She answers weeping
"Yes, Master... Thank you Master... Thank you Mistress" I feel a stiffening in
Christine body "Stupid idiot! If our Master is present, I'm nothing! Don't dare
to say nothing more now, or I could decide to punish you... Now keep calm and
sleep. You are a lucky slave to have found a Master so gentle with his slaves".

I satisfied touch all reachable spot of Christine body, that in the meanwhile is
managing to allow me in every possible way, then, tired, I gladly get asleep
seizing and playing with the nipples rings of a delighted Christine.

The following day, before to allow Christine to step out from her personal
sex-prison, I give her a second chastity belt, almost similar to hers, but with
the name 'Erika' printed onto its shell.

&lt;This is the Erika's personal chastity belt. It will allow you to keep her
hands free and use her as a maid. It is of the same type of yours, but it is
realised expressly for her body. Is studied for long permanence, and of course
it is self satisfaction safe. The fibreglass shields, despite their relative
thinness hide a rechargeable battery, an electric locking device and an electric
discharges booster. By now you will be responsible of keeping it always charged,
like you already do with your one. See the explanation depliant to learn how to
install the many possible accessories. It is possible to install plugs for every
access, anal, vaginal and even urethral. You may choose among simple plugs or
vibrators. Holed, that allow inner washing or enemas, or electrical conductive
to exploit the boost, or love ball like yours, or combinations of them. The
chastity belt is my preferred toy, and this is the remote control of Erika's
one, use it in the most productive way, Christine &gt;.

"Yes, Master... Don't doubt... C'mon, little Erika, to the bathroom, hurry up.
After a good and deep wash we immediately wear this lovely device, and I'm sure
that you will enjoy it a lot more than me... we only have to decide which tool
to install for your pussy entrapment first time ... But indeed, it is not a very
important choice, since by the time you will taste all of them".

The following days pass with Erika almost always trapped into her chastity belt,
enjoying all kind of pleasant plugs and funny games. I discovered Christine an
artist on avoiding Erika's orgasms, whatever she lasts inside her belly.

I avoid going to see what Mary has to pass, but I really wouldn't like to be to
her place. Very often I heard her begging desperately for mercy or screaming
uselessly.

At last she found what she always needed.

The ninth day all stopped. Worried, I checked what was happening, and I found
Mary tied on her cot with Erika knelt beside her, that she was healing her
wounds (un-bleeding wounds).

&lt;Christine... What's happen, you overdone?&gt; "No, Master, She's ready, but
she's too proved now to perform at her best... Allow me only few more days
and..." &lt;It is your training, Christine, you decide... And I love going ahead
fucking Erika without allowing her to climax. Her attitude is incredibly
inebriant now... She would give everything only come a single time... I only
hope that your result with Mary will confirm my trust on you&gt; "Absolutely,
Master... Be sure".

The Erika's fulfilment denial gives me great satisfactions. Christine slips her
the chastity belt out only when she may control her carefully, or when she has
to perform her sex duties with me, and in any case, always with her hands tied
far from her own sex. Erika is in a sort of continuative anticipation never
resolved. Used to climax at least 5 times at day, and in her first days of
captivity, even 8 or 10, now the difference is a nightmare of frustration... but
she has no choice at all. During her maid activity the punishments are become
minimal in number and intensity. Yesterday Christine decided to hang her to the
pole and to give her a good padding only to remember her who she was, or better
what she was. Instead, my intercourses with her are become very harsh and cruel,
because I like it, and because I want to take her without letting her to come.
Before of delivering Erika to me, Christine always put Erika's clitoris in
tension through elastics or in compression with clamps. She even found another
interesting way to prevent Erika's orgasms, but this method is very funny only
in the preparation phase. She orders Erika to lay on the terrible gynaecological
chair, then she strap her down very steadily and obscenely spread and exposed,
then after having tantalized her as long as possible she crudely transfix
Erika's helplessly clitoris with a syringe and she desensitize it by injecting a
drop or two of anaesthetic.

The result is that Erika's performances during my sexual abuses are improving
and improving. Despite my cruelty and that of Christine, who very often I call
between us to help me to torture Erika or to please me directly, Erika behaviour
is involved and involved. Despite her shouts and her grimacing of pain, she
engages to the desperate research of some relief, at least sexually... that
never happens.

At the end of each violent intercourse, Christine always washes and heals her,
then she puts her the chastity belt again on, with some plugs, to delude her
some more, then she brings back the poor Erika to our feet, on the floor,
between 2 or 3 blankets, shortly leashed to a bed leg.

But the thing that I mind most is Christine's reaction to all these powerful
psychological and physical stimulations. I stated that she may step out from her
chastity belt only if she has her hands tied uncomfortably, and only if I'm in
the closeness... And since I always have her remote control with me, it is a
mandatory fact.

During these periods, Erika, chastitysed of course, gets her hands freed, and
she lovely takes care of her mistress. But I seriously warned her that even if
Christine would order her, she has never to comfort or to stimulate her at all.
My revenge would be fierce, and I'm absolutely sure that Erika would never do
such a foolishness.

I also ordered her to call me in the case she would discover Christine rubbing
herself toward something.

But all these precautions are uselessly, because Christine would never dare to
disappoint me in thus way, and moreover, her vision of a self-stimulation isn't
so interesting like those of Erika and Mary.

Anyway I noticed a sort of 'growing interest' of Christine toward her own body.
My continuous touching her all over possible, still attempting to force with my
fingers the chastity defence, my taste into her mouth, which I very often use to
extinguish my desire after having pumped inside Erika, the wicked tortures I
enjoy to perform on her sometimes only for amusement or for some slight faults
hers or of Erika, they are all causes of strong stirring up for Christine. 

By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




7 Mary arrival, at last.



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com







Almost a week of relative relax is passed for Mary, when, in the evening, when
Christine usually brings to me Erika for the night, another figure silhouettes
at my open bed door.

Beautiful. Her back is arched toward a door jamb, one arm laid aloft her head,
the other down. One leg along the jamb, the other is bent and its foot is on the
jamb. She's provoking me, deliberately, irresponsibly.   

Someone casually adjusted the lights in the way that I'm unable to distinguish
fine that incredibly sex figure at my door. I may see many thongs pending all
over along that body. Along her legs, along her arms, along her chest. Her tits
are incredibly pointing up, they would be unforgivably offensive, if there was
not a little shining chain hanging between them, that is softly brushing her
arched out belly. There are also thongs all around her body, from her upper
chest to her haunches. And... yes there is a tail, a multi-leather-thongs tail
that is excitingly swinging from her arse along her distended leg.

Sexy high heeled shoes complete a perfect picture.

After few seconds of that provoking pose, she turns toward me, and she sexily
swaying walks to me... Mary! A different Mary. Not a hint of arrogance despite
her very provoking manners. She's making that only to please her target... her
Master.

She turns around the bed and then she kneels on the floor, then "Master...
Please Master... Allow your totally subjugate slave to step onto your bed to
perform her sexual duties... And please, Master, punish her as she deserves for
her past years of arrogance... I only need to pay for that" &lt;Climb on!&gt;
"Thank you, Master..." She crawls as provoking as possible, then she turns her
back to me and she waits there "Please, Master... Would you like to draw up my
hands, so to permit me to properly undergo the ruthless pain I hope you will
like to inflict on me for my unforgivable blames?"

I have simply to pull a couple of leather thongs on the back of her collar and
her hands are constricted to her nape.  

"If you think that I'm living up to be fucked from you, you may find the key of
my crotch belt linked to my left nipple, Master".

She's wearing a full body harness, that, as well as her chest, is circling her
haunches too, and a leather strap is pulling all along her crotch, digging
unpleasantly between her clefts. At the level of her anus the strap is
interrupted from a steel ring, through which the anal tail spurts out, and that
is entrapping the anal plug plunged inside her.

I cuddle her belly &lt;There is other surprises here, Mary?&gt; "Yes, Master,
both my lower entrances are invaded by rubber toys, Master" &lt;And your little
impudent clitoris?&gt; "It is justly severely pulled by some elastics, Master.
This way I will be unable to come, because I deserve only to suffer, and surely
not to enjoy, Master" She speaks incredibly calmly, as she was talking about
somebody else, in the next room. "And finally the internal side of the strap
that is digging my crotch is whole studded, this way if you leave it trapped I
will suffer terribly as I merit..." I continue to brush her all over in
disbelief, when "Master?" &lt;What, slave?&gt; "I would have a plea, Master...
I'm very repent for my attitude with my breast I used to do, Master... I
offended you, Master, I know. Is this the reason because I had the luck to be
brought here, Master, because I offended you with my obscene attitude... Please,
Master... punish me, right now. Punish my tits. Punish them as they deserve,
Master, I beg you".

&lt;Oh, Mary, don't even doubt about... I will punish them for years!&gt; I
succeeded in making her to gulp &lt;But if you really want an advance, I will
indulge you&gt; and I begin the first one of an incredibly long series of abuses
on her supple body.

Among Mary screams, along whole the night, I reduce her pointed and pert tit to
a couple of aching dark red and all over bruised, swelled, nubs of sorrowful
flesh.

She's striving to comply with me, but I'm really cruel. I've dried up whole her
provocation, whole her strengths.

I tied her in every position. I widened her legs as far as possible before to
haughtily plunging inside her. I also drew the legs straps, restraining her in a
kind of hogtie, that I exploited to properly whip her fine and delicate feet. I
reduced her in a taut ball before to slip myself inside her un-hesitant mouth. I
ordered her to lick my temporary softened penis, meanwhile I played a sweet
symphony with her clitoral elastics. I've been so bad that she has been unable
to climax, adding another day of un-fulfilment of those that Christine already
provided her.

I get an incredible pleasure from her helplessly, when, at the apex of my
excitement, I thread a strap through her already constricted elbows and I
discovered they may be brought almost to touch each other, meanwhile her wrists
slip more up toward her nape. For a moment I thought having dislocated her
shoulders, instead, even if with great sufferance, she's so slender and flexible
to be able to endure such a cruel restraint for more than three hour.

Fucking her, exposed like this, and moreover disrespectfully biting her abused
nipples, I got an immense pleasure.

She has resisted as long she could, then she sympathetically started begging for
mercy, for a single minute of rest, for a little, very little ease of my rage,
which instead has lasted many hours, till the dawn, when, exhaust and fully
satisfied, I called Christine to prepare Mary for the 'night' and I gladly got
asleep, with Christine between my harms, Mary tied to one leg of my bed,
shivering for the terrible ordeal, folded into some blankets, and Erika laid to
her back, rolled in the same blankets on the floor, comforting her sister slave
... with all their hands tied far from their pussies.

&lt;My slave, my slave... You are unique... unique... Do you have a request? I'm
so satisfied of you, that I'm disposed of listening to you for a request... Even
you don't have to delude yourself that I will satisfy it&gt; And Christine,
after a deep breath of relief and pride, she dares asking "Hoh, Master...
Master... I would like... I would like... A kiss, only a kiss, but for me, only
for me, not for your maid, not for your property... Only one, only in this
occasion, then I will return your maid, your slave... just a second, Master...".

&lt;No! No, Christine, nothing to do. You don't worth so much!&gt; "I'm so
sorry, Master... Forgive me for my presumption... I deserve to be punished... I
know..." &lt;No, Christine. You won't be punished for having obeyed me, but your
request will simply remain dissatisfied... Now I'm tired... From tomorrow you
will have a second maid helping you... or better to serve you. Since you will
have to carefully control both them, it will be better that you give them orders
and you expect that they perform all their duties, avoiding so that to work your
way... There is already a chastity belt ready for Mary, you will have a double
fun with those two hogs...&gt; She ends her silent weeping with an amused
sniffling giggle. I capture her prominent breasts, and reassured she relaxes in
my arms.



By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




8 Christine



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com





For the following days we maintained a rather soft position with the maid
slaves, they have to recover, chiefly Mary. And as easier their treatment is, as
strongly they feel the long orgasm abstinence.

For both, Mary and Erika, their new life of incredible sexual excitements always
unrelieved, is a disbelieving unpredicted experience. They are both evidently
craving for something, they need it, but their personal inflexible virtue-guards
are continuously keeping insulate their so eager sexes from the outside.

Moreover, mine and Christine's incessant teasing, and little or "less little"
punishments, maintain their hopeless hopes always at the higher level possible.

&lt;Ok, Christine, to the dungeon, hurry up!&gt; "Y...yes, Master... But...
something wrong?..." &lt;Are you perhaps discussing my orders or my judgement,
Christine?&gt; "NHO!... No, Master... Absolutely not, Master... I immediately
rush there..." &lt;between the whipping posts&gt; I answer at her interrogative
glance &lt;Begin tying yourself there, well spread.&gt;.

Before to follow her I bring the two maid slaves in my bedroom, I leash them at
the feet of the bed, with long slack. Then I chain their hands in front of their
collar, allowing her arms 30 cm of freedom. Meanwhile I prepare the bed
equipment, I impart them my instructions for later.

When I return in the dungeon I find Christine with her legs chained so widened
that she would fall, if she hasn't succeeded on chaining one wrist too.

I calmly link her last free limb to a pole chain, and I draught her up, her toes
barely brushing the floor.

I move behind that limp gasping body, and I cuddle her belly and her breast few
minutes.

&lt;I think you deserve a severe punishment, don't you, Christine?&gt; "...Yes,
Master..." she escapes a couple of wails of fear and nervousness, she still
doesn't understand what's happening. I already gave her punishments, in the past
days, very often only for my pleasure, but today she senses that there is
something different, something more serious, and the confirmation is that I'm
slipping out her chastity belt.

I administer her few enemas till to clean her bowels clear, and I made something
similar to her pussy, then I begin whipping her.

It is a hard whipping, with the rubber crop, all over her defenceless body, but
short. I whip her for not more than 5 minutes, despite in that time I whip her
innermost too, allowing my flexible crop to hit between her delicate labia.

She never dares to complain, however she screamed aloud whole the time.

Then, without a single word, I release her, and I bring her into the tub,
already filled of hot aromatized water.

She stares at me subjugate, daring only many grimaces, while I'm gently stroking
her all over with the sponge.

Then, standing up just beside the tub, quivering frightened, a quick towelling
and a full massage with abundant balsamic oil, that she relishes breathing
deeply in great comfort.

Hands almost comfortably tied behind her back, a leash, and, wearing only the
chest harness that is improving her lustful breast, she swiftly follows me to
the bedroom. Her big tits bounce pleasantly at her steps.

At our entrance she freezes onto the door just for a single second, enough time
to receive a jerk by the leash that I'm firmly seizing while I continue walking
ahead.

Surely the place has shocked Christine. Both the maids were knelt on the floor
at the foot of the bed, one at the left side and one at the right. They wear
their chastity belt and a leather corset, which moulds their waists in a very
exciting hourglass shape. The corset is a low type, so their tits are completely
free, they would proudly and impudently show their firmness, if there were not
residual signs of abuses and one shining steel ring at the tip of each one of
them.

From the mattress sides, two alarming stirrups bend and rise wickedly. &lt;Lay
onto the mattress and put your ankles into the stirrups!&gt; She obeys gasping
in fear. She has to open her legs very unpleasantly, and she needs to keep her
knees a little bent for the strain, so that her intimates are obscenely exposed.
As soon as she take position, Mary at the right side and Erika at the left,
strap Christine ankles in place. Then they tie a special thin strap to her toes
and they join the free end to the relative canopy column, and after a fair
tightening, Christine's feet movements are very limited.

I climb between her legs and I tie an elastic to her clitoral piercing, then
&lt;Go on, slaves, without mercy!&gt; Standing at the bed sides, both, Erika and
Mary, passionately grab one helplessly foot and start to kiss it, lick it, bite
it, and tickle its sensitive sole with the fingernails. I told them to be no
gentle. They have orders to suck it and to tease it incessantly with the maximum
engagement, and with an hint of brutality or they would pay terribly... And they
are both obeying properly. They are making a sweet violent love with Christine's
feet.

Christine reaction is a foolish mix of laughs and gasps, and begs to stop, and
shaking sideway of her head and chest. It is an unbearable pleasure... I know
she would never renounce of it if she could decide, but the gnawing pleasure is
boosted from the impossibility to stop it.

I sit beside her waist, I grab one shacking tit with one hand and I unkindly
force her down, then I reach her exposed sex with my free hand. I invade her
both holes at once, exploring her without regards for long, meanwhile the maids
are still tormenting her feet.

And I succeed in my plan, because, finally, Christine becomes wet, very wet.

I switch between her legs and I lay over her, then I grab her head &lt;Do you
begin understanding now, Christine?&gt; "M... Mas... t... er... M... Mas...
Plll...ll.. Plea... M..." &lt;Yes, I know, but now I need all your devotion,
Christine&gt; I raise a moment, in which I tie her clitoral elastic to my sex,
around which I have prepared a sort of collar that wraps my balls and my rod. In
a single fluent movement, I lay over her again, and I plunge inside her.
&lt;Now, Christine, think of you, think of your far past sad life, with those
shabby pleasures you were used to, and compare it with your actual one. Think of
these last days of continuous excitement, think of the long nights you used to
pass bored and sad beside your lovers. Think of your nowadays coloured
captivity, and of your former useless freedom... And now...Think of me... Now
think only of me!&gt; I slowly started to pump inside her, each my stroke I
pulls and I releases her engorged and engorged clit, so unaccustomed to fully
enjoy like now. Christine has immediately begun to gasp and moan, lost in a deep
unknown pleasure. I've felt her dampness increasing, she's dripping now, and she
never did it like this... I'm very pleased, fulfilled from my slave that is
about to have her first real fuck, her first time... Indeed, she's about to be
deflowered.

&lt;Ok you two, maximum sweetness now&gt; They were already waiting for this
order, so they untie Christine's toes and they change to a very kind treatment
with Christine's feet, which consequently, they cease to attempt escaping. The
maids gently lick and kiss and suck them all over, disposing Christine mood in a
perfect state.

And I even haven't the time to finish my phrase that she gets it! Powerful,
long, perfect! And the effect over Christine is striking. She's lost in a real
delirium of bliss, in which she alternates confuses phrases, all containing the
word "...Thank you...".

I wait few minutes that she returns on the earth, then &lt;How are you,
slave?&gt; "Ma..." She's unable to say nothing, she starts crying loudly,
waving, uncontrollably "... Tha... ahaa... Thaank..." My little maids too are
weeping for Christine bliss. They eventually ended of thinking only to
themselves &lt;Say nothing, slave... I'm glad for you, now you are a real woman,
and tied women excite me... And since I still have to come... are you ready to
come your first second time?&gt; Useless to answer, she reaches her second
orgasm only 5 minutes later... and her third one together with me just a little
later.

&lt;Slaves, untie her feet!&gt; &lt;Now Chris...&gt; she doesn't allow me to end
my phrase, as soon as her feet are freed, she manages to get knelt and bowed on
me she's pleasantly cleaning whole my crotch with her tongue and lips, still
shedding hot tears of happiness.

&lt;Maids, you have your blankets, keep sleeping!... You made a good job, I'm
glad of you, this night you will sleep a little more comfortably than usual, I'm
letting you whole the slack on your chains&gt; "Thank you, Master" a little
chorus replays satisfied.



By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




9 Last surprise



(M/fff, Abd, NC, CB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com





The following morning I simply release Christine arms and I let her go.

She's a little puzzled while she leaves the bedroom gathering the two maids to
the bathroom.

I reach them. Mary and Erika are already chained, and Christine is unlocking
their chastity belts. She dares say nothing seeing me: she only kneels to my
feet restarting to weep.

&lt;You get your pussy freed because I decided to allow you to enjoy with your
retrieved sexuality&gt; She glances at me with a suspicious expression &lt;I
knew you are smart, Christine. Anyway, yes: as soon as you will be accustomed to
climax regularly, depriving you from your pussy access again will be surely one
of my amusing games. But there is nothing you can do about. The only thing you
can do is to exploit this chance to climax as much as possible. I give you the
permission to use the maids if you like... and as you like&gt;.

In the evening, ignoring Christine's anxious stare, I address to the maids,
knelt in the dungeon &lt;I'm in the mood to torture one of you...
Volunteers?&gt; They have no choice, or a volunteer steps out, or they would pay
both twice. They both start to shed tears, and then Mary "M... Master... I... I
will be glad to give you some pleasure with my deserved sufferance... Master".
&lt;Good. Christine, release Mary from the chastity belt and chain her with
hands over her head in that corner... tie her ankle to the floor too, enough
apart to give me free access&gt;.

&lt;Good. Now take Erika chastity belt out too, but only the time to whip her
pussy as she deserves!&gt;.

"Nhooo, nhooo, pleeeaseeee, nhoooo... I'm sorry, I'm so sorryyyyy..."

&lt;Mary, how perfumed you are, you are becoming a perfect slave, and this sharp
needle will help you to become still better&gt;.

A half hour with a torturer that pricks you leisurely isn't a pleasant
experience, but I'm relaxed for the just passed pleasant events, hence I'm using
only the very tip of my 20 cm long steel needle. It is more the fear and the
exhausting anticipation than the real pain. A flexuous body as Mary is very
entertaining when hangs and wriggles between your greed arms.

Instead I'm very hard when I suddenly impale her gaping pussy, and I fuck her
with the most violence I can. The needle is fallen on the floor, and my
vehemence catches Mary too. Too many days without orgasms for a girl like her,
she begins to yell louder than my groans, and I feel her pussy cramping
rhythmically around me, and more than I thrust, more than I slip better. We
climax almost together, it is an inebriant sensation that involves both of us,
but the orgasm of Mary was awaited for weeks, and her release is exhausting for
her.

I leave Mary hanging passenger there, as the sex slave she is... Christine will
think of her.

The following days the scene is almost the same, the needle, the clamps, the
crop..., and the two maids have learned to offer themselves with enthusiasm,
because the incumbent punishment, and because they understood that in this
period I'm in the mood to allow the 'winner' to freely climax, and they also
well know that this fructuous period could terminate at any time, because
denying their pleasure gives me an intoxicant joy.

But by the days I also notice something wrong in Christine. Instead to be happy,
she's sad and sad. Hence, this morning I told her to make me another surprise
for the evening, offering herself to me for the night.

She has fumbled whole the day. I heard her to impart instructions to the maids,
but I don't want to waste my own surprise.

I'm lying on my bed impatiently waiting for my slave, when tow figures step
through the door. They both seize one chain-leash, and both the chain-lashes are
linked to a single collar, that of a third figure that is crawling between the
firsts two.

The two dominants, Erika and Mary, full dressed in leather and studs, have the
full superiority on the crawling Christine, whom she's continuously invited to
move by two cruel crops that hit her bottom mercilessly.

Christine real pain moans are muffled from a ball-gag, and just for a second I
thought to a real rebellion from the maids. But I immediately notice that indeed
they both have their ankles hobbled and a long chain joins their collars
together, anyway the effect is stirring!

They lead the full striped poor Christine over the mattress, then "Master, do
you want we properly tie this bitch for better serve you this night?" &lt;Yes,
why not!&gt;.

In few seconds Christine hands are tied behind her back, at the level of her
buttocks, and her elbows are strapped together. Two belts are keeping each ankle
stuck to the relative thigh and a thong is threaded through them and tied behind
the bed. This way her folded knees are forced widened, and Christine helpless is
total.

"Master, do you desire we whip her a little more, in order to persuade her to
properly behave with her absolute owner?" &lt;Yes, of course!&gt;.

They are both enjoying of that revenge, it is evident, and I'm really impressed
by Christine subjugation level, since she's submitting herself to such a
humiliation only to please me.

I allow the two hog to rage on the poor Christine for 15 full minutes, bringing
her almost crazy, then &lt;Enough! On your cell now, hurry up, and click the
door! I will check through the cameras, be warned!&gt;.

I release the ball-gag, and then I begin to enjoy my property.

With such a pair of tits I have to use the needle, and I can't avoid digging it
a little deeper than usual. But Christine seems to don't care about. The only
thing she thinks about is that her master is finally taking care of her again...
very carefully.

By to pain she wriggles, she moans, she shivers, but every time I'm within
gunshot, she sticks on me, now on my neck, now on my mouth, or even on my
forehead... no matter, she kisses me wherever she arrives... And I have to admit
that I like it, I love it so much, especially when she gives my neck a good
suck.

I fuck her with total abandon, completely loosing my cognition inside that
amazing female.

When I come round I notice Christine still crying &lt;What's happen,
Christine?&gt; "I... I had an orgasm, Master... No, I had two, at least... or
perhaps more... I don't know... Master..." &lt;What's wrong then?&gt;
"N...nothing, indeed, but... " &lt;But?&gt; "But... Master... I'm able to come
only with you... Master" &lt;What?&gt; "There is nothing to do, Master... I may
touch myself for hours, I may order the maids to lick me, to dig inside me,
but... I'm able only to feel a slight pleasure like was in my past life and to
collect more frustration..." &lt;Shit! Are you saying the truth, Christine?&gt;
"Yeeeess, Masteeeer, I swear, Masteeeer.... I'm wearing a chastity belt along
whole my life, and you are the only one who owns the key, Master. The truth is
that it doesn't exist onto the face of the world someone, or something, that
belong to someone as utterly as me to you... Master... Because I always belonged
to you, Master, and now you eventually have me Master... You own my body, my
soul and my heart... And you may dispose of them as you like, Master... Don't
leave me, Master... Please do never leave me, Master... I would die far from
you, Master... I love you, Master... I love you".

I'm simply wordlessly, I just may kiss her, passionately, deeply, then &lt;This
was for me, Christine, and this, instead is going to be only for you,
Christine... I think now you deserve it&gt;. And I kiss her again, and again my
gladness is to the apex, because I'm kissing someone that is completely mine and
my accomplice at the same time, and it will be forever.





The End







By Kray



A little comment?... No? What a pity! I would really appreciate it... Bye!



                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





