BDSM Library - Alfresco Perils




Alfresco Perils
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The perils of alfresco sex on someone else's land and the outcome of being caught by a sadist his son and his friends.
Alfresco Perils by Bonehead M+/F NC BDSM HARD

Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events
herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the
entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit
Non-consensual sex and other non-consensual adult material. If you are not an
adult, or if reading stories of  asexual nature upsets you, do not read any
further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested access
to this material wilfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older.
You also certify that to your knowledge, this material does not offend the
standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of national, local, state,
or federal law.




Part I: - The Nightmare Starts

June was a divorced 33 year old 36" 26" 36" brunette who stood 5' 4" with tits
that varied between C and  D cup depending on the time of the month. She and her
boyfriend Nick had decided to enjoy themselves  by indulging in a spot of
alfresco sex. They had driven deep into the county and found what-they thought 
was the perfect site. It was a hay meadow fringed by a stream with willows
growing on the banks close to  an old apparently disused barn.

Having checked to ensure there was nobody about they stripped off and proceeded
to get down to  business. After 10 minutes Nick was on top of June fucking her
hard when suddenly he looked up  stiffened and collapsed on top of her
unconscious with a wound in is forehead. June screamed and the  next thing she
heard was the sound of two male voices and peering up into the sun could she two
dark  shapes both holding what looked like shotguns one reversed with blood
dripping off the stock where the  holder had hit the unconscious Nick with it,
the other with the barrel pointing at her head.

"What do you think you are doing on my land slut" asked the shape holding the
barrel to her head. "You  and your boyfriend are trespassing and have ruined a
good crop of my hay not to mention shocking my  son here"

June had difficulty attempting to answer with Nick's dead weight making it hard
to breathe, not to  mention trying to come up with an answer that would placate
this maniac and his son. The farmer decided  to answer his own question.

"So you like sex in public out raging decent peoples' morals do you? I think
that you need to be taught a  lesson grabs her son"

While the son was rolling Nick off of June she saw the farmer pick up his mobile
phone and decide to  make a run for it. As the weight of Nick left her body she
jumped to her feet and made a dash for the edge  of the field naked legs pumping
and tits bouncing, just as she thought she would make it to the edge of the 
field and the dubious safety of the car she fell into hidden ditch filled with
stinging nettles. By the time  she had pulled herself out of the ditch covered
with red itching stings all over her body she was grabbed  unceremoniously by
her hair and dragged back to the farmer by the son.

"That look very painful slut" said the farmer slapping her face "but don't worry
you are going to hurt far  worse than that by the time we have finished with
you. I have called a few friends, we are going to have a  party and you are
going to be the guest of honour. Tie her up son and then go and get her
boyfriend and  do the same to him in case he comes to.

The son grabbed June's hands and tied them behind her back and then went off to
Nick's unconscious  body. While he was doing this the farmer grabbed June saying
"lets have a proper look at you slut" While  the farmer was examining June and
pawing her body the sound of vehicles could be heard approaching  the field June
thought she was saved from her nightmare only for it to get much worse as a
number of cars  full of men and even a full coach appeared on the edge of the
field.

"Ah here comes the other guests," said the farmer. As they entered the field he
called on them to "cut  yourself some fresh willow twigs and those of you with
gloves gather as many stinging nettles that-you  can carry."

While the farmer was distracted and the son still busy with Nick June tried
again to escape, she used her  party trick, (it should be explained here that
June had an anatomical abnormality, when she was born her  mother thought she
was deformed, when after the birth she saw s June for the 1st time laid in her
cot with  her arms and legs at strange angles when her mother asked the doctor
what was wrong she was told  "nothing she is double jointed in the shoulders and
hips.") she moved her hands from behind her back to  her front and started to
run in the opposite direction to the recently arrived crowd while attempting to 
undo the rope tying her hands. The farmer was alerted to June's frantic escape
bid by the newly arrived  crowd.

"You bitch" shouted the farmer "how did you manage that" as he set off in
pursuit. As June was running  naked with her hands tied albeit now in front of
her she didn't get too far before she was rugby tackled  from behind by the
farmer to the cheers and cat calls from the crowd.

"Got you, you bitch I'll teach you, you will regret this day for the rest of
your miserable life." With that  he dragged June by the hair across the field
toward the barn and the recently arrived crowd now with the  willow twigs and
stinging nettles.

"Welcome lads, this slut likes sex and needs to be taught a lesson about using
and damaging other  peoples' property are you going to help?" Said the farmer
addressing the crowd who went wild cheering  and shouting while waving the
willow twigs and stinging nettles

"Right lets get things started, you two hold the slut and be careful she's a
tricky bitch, you others help me  in the barn."

With that the farmer entered the barn and started to make preparations, first he
set up a splintery board on  edge 18" off the ground with a rough hewn bench
about 30" off the floor in front of it with a plank  nearby. He also set up a
series of thick ropes and pulleys with nooses in the end suspended from the 
beams of the barn.

"Right bring He slut in here" he said after he had finished his preparations.
"Bring her over here" when  June arrived kicking and screaming he punched her in
the stomach and while she lay writhing on to floor  lifted her up and made her
straddle the edge on board on her knees making sure the board pushed deeply 
into her cunt squashing her labia against, the edges. June started to scream
again as she recovered from  the blow to her stomach and the pain from cunt
stated to register. All this time the farmer was securing  her to ensure June
couldn't move, tying her hand behind her to the board, to stop her bringing them 
forward again. The farmer then attached ropes to her knees and got two of the
crowd to pull them apart  putting more pressure on June's cunt and then tying
them off so she couldn't relieve the pressure and pain  in her cunt. The farmer
then continued his preparations by bringing the bench and placing it under
June's  tits so they rested on the splintery wood, then placed the other spare
board on top of her tits and looped  rope round each end of the board and bench
to stop them moving. Having completed this he stood back  and admired his handy
work.

"Right lads time for the fun to start, pair off" with that he turned to June and
explain to her tearful face  what was going to happen next. "Right slut before
we get down to your punishment the lads and need  some relief, and you are going
to provide it orally, you mouth is going to be fucked by groups of two of  us
until we have all come in your slutty mouth, and by the way there are 80 of us
for you to service"

June started to scream as thee 1st pair approached her and started to feed her
their cocks as she had the  heads of the cocks forced into her mouth she
understood the farmer's refined cruelty as her two oral  rapists leant forward
grabbing the back of her head for better purchase and leverage they each knelt
on the  board squashing her tits between it and the bench causing her to attempt
to scream in pain opening her  mouth wider allowing more room for the two cocks.
At first having forced the head of their cocks' into  June's mouth with the
cheers of the group egging them on, her rapists took it in turns to pump into
her  mouth gradually getting more and more into her throat until she was deep
throating one cock while the  other was held in her mouth. Then they swapped
with the other forcing his cock deep into June's throat  all the time kneeling
on the board squashing her tits. Having enjoyed themselves like this for a while
the  farmer spoke to the two rapists.

"Time to bring it to a conclusion lads, there's a lot of others waiting their
turn. Make her choke!" With  that the first two rapists changed tactics from
alternating thrusts to both forcing their pricks' deep in to  June's face and
throat to even louder cheers from the waiting crowd. It didn't take long
(luckily for Jane!)  with her throat spasming against their pricks' for them to
come flooding June's throat and mouth with  their jism. Given no choice with two
pricks stuffed down her throat June was forced to swallow every  drop although
some went down her wind pipe and reappeared running out of June's nose after
they  withdrew and June starting coughing. The queue had already formed waiting
their turn but before they  could stat the farmer had noticed that in the
excitement June had manage to drag her tits from between the  bench and the
board.

"Hang on a minute lads we can't have this I want the slut to suffer while we are
enjoying ourselves" With  that he went to the bench and undid the ropes holding
the board on top, he then grabbed June pulling her  forward until her tits were
supported by the bench again and told the next two to hold her there. "I'll be 
back in a minute." With that he disappeared into the back of the barn and
returned a couple of minutes  later saying "I knew I had some old fencing stuff
here." He walked back to the bench and June carrying a  hammer and proceeded to
tease her nipples into prominence. When he had got both as hard and as large  as
possible despite June's attempts to stop him he told the two men holding Jane.
"Hold the slut tight and  make sure she doesn't move" and then to June "this
might hurt a little bit." He then took a staple used for  fixing wire fencing
and placed it over the base off June's right nipple and hammered it deep into
the  bench trapping and crushing the nipple to the bench and as June screamed
her head off he proceeded to do  the same to the left. "Right then slut lets see
you move now." He re-fixed the board over her tits and said  to the two holding
her "right it is your turn, make the bitch choke on your meat."

For June the nightmare started again, she hardly had time to scream and beg
before the oral double rapes  continued with her face being double fucked time
after time after time, for nearly 2 hours.

After the first few pairs she prayed that she could become unconscious, but-just
as she started to drift off  in to sweet insensibility she came to choking on
the latest serving of sperm. Eventually she had serviced  all 80 in batches of
two. After swallowing that much cum her stomach was so bloated she looked 4. 
months pregnant, her tits and nipples had swollen to twice their original size
from the pressure from the  board and staples holding her nipples, and her cunt
had been rubbed red raw on the edge of the board she  had been straddling.

The crowd of men were all for starting again but farmer stopped them saying that
he had far more  interesting plans. "Go and get the beer the slut needs some
time to recover." Saying that he released the  ropes holding her legs spread,
moved the board over her tits, the staples holding her bloated nipples and  even
undid her hands! June rolled off the crutch board groaning completely spent
attempting to alleviate  the pain in her cunt and tits and started rolling about
on the floor screaming in agony when the blood  started to start moving in her
nipples again.

"Keep an eye on her lads I have lots more fun planned for us all later but in
the mean time enjoy the beer  and the 'floor show.'"

The crowd grumbled slightly but stated drinking the beer while watching and
cheering June's pathetic  antics, writhing and moaning.




Part 2:- The Nightmare Continues: Cleaning.

After the 2 hour double face fucks by the 80 men June was left for an hour while
the crowd enjoyed their  beers and had sunk into a deep almost drugged looking
sleep after the ordeal, all the while being watched  by the farmer.

As the hour ran out the farmer called the group to order and called the men to
surround June while she  was unconscious. At a signal from him they all got out
their pricks and emptied their bladders, full after  the hour of beer drinking,
all over June to wake her from her slumber. She awoke coughing and  spluttering
as she was bathed in gallons of acrid piss.

"Welcome back to the land of the living slut, although I'm sure that by the time
we are finished with you,  you will wish you are like your boyfriend, it seems
my lad may have hit him a bit too hard as he still  hasn't come to yet, and by
the looks of him may not!"

Hearing this June burst into tears again. "I wouldn't waste those on him if I
was you, you will have  reasons enough of your own very soon! You two grab her
and bring her over here"

The farmer had made his way to a different part of the barn where ropes hung
from the ceiling beams.  "Get her on the floor and put these ropes round her
ankles, get her hands tied again hand her up and then  get up in the air" After
the ropes had been fixed round June's ankles and her hands tied again, the ropes 
were hauled on and June was slowly lifted off the floor as her legs were forced
into wide splits continuing  until her legs were almost horizontal putting
incredible strain on June's cunt making her feel as if she was  about to split
down the middle! She found her voice again and screamed and begged to be let
down.  Surprisingly the farmer agreed and shortly June's shoulders were resting
on the ground taking part of her  weight and her legs had returned to a splits
of no more than 120?! When the ropes had been tied off  ensuring June could not
move the farmer spoke to June and the crowd. "Right then, there's far too much 
dirty hair round this cunt and asshole and it needs to be removed so that we can
see what we are doing.  All you lads are going to have 30 seconds to pull out as
much hair as you can SLOWLY and I MEAN  SLOWLY this is meant to hurt! Then when
you have all had a go I am going to remove the rest with very  hot wax. What do
you think of that slut?"

June writhed and begged all to no avail as first one then another came forward
caught hold of a portion of  hair and proceeded to pull it slowly from around
her cunt and asshole while June screamed and bucked in  a fruitless attempt to
stop them. By the time the first 40 had been, most of the hair had been removed
so  the remaining members of the crowd was left pulling individual hairs out of
the sore cunt and asshole.  When they had finished the farmer came forward and
examined June's cunt and asshole. "Well you have  done a good jobs lads, but it
still feels rough do you think I should use the hot wax any way?" The crowd 
cheered and clapped and made it abundantly clear that they wanted the wax used.

June writhed and begged some more but the farmer said "your have heard the voice
of the crowd and the  majority is always right! The wax it is!" With that he
placed a thin pad of gauze over June's cunt and  asshole and lit a beeswax
candle whilst telling June why he was using beeswax because it burnt hotter. He 
then began dribbling the melted wax over June's cunt and asshole while she
screamed begged and did  anything she could to stop the wax falling on her and
failed. The farmer continued until the gauze was  completely hidden by the wax,
not noticing that June had fainted. When he stepped back one of the  crowds
pointed out that June had fainted but the farmer just smiled and said "this will
wake her up" with  that he caught hold of the edge of the gauze and ripped. it
off, bring June to, with an ear splitting scream  and leaving her cunt and
asshole smooth pink and very sore!

"Well bitch how does that feel? Your cunt has not been that smooth since you
were a baby." With that he  released the ropes holding June's legs above her
head and delegated two of the crowd to remove the ropes  from around her ankles
and get her back on her feet.

"Right slut time for a bit more pain before we clean you inside and out. Hold
her tight you two she is  going to kick and wiggle, bring her over here by these
nooses. I'm going to restrain this bitch by her big  tits again. I bet you shook
these in front of hundreds of blokes to get your own way and just to tease them 
didn't you slut? I guess you are not so happy about having such big ones now are
you?" With that he took  a thin skewer out of his pocket and proceeded despite
the kicks and screams from June to push it through  the base of her left tit
from top to bottom, he then took another skewer and repeated the exercise this
tine  from left to right forming a cross at the base of her left: tit and
incidentally stabbing her right tit in the  process. Then he took one of the
nooses and passed it over June's left tit and the skewers and proceeded  to
tighten the noose behind the skewers which stopped the noose sliding down and
off the tit. Having  forced the tit to balloon beyond the rope the farmer
removed the skewers and repeated the whole thing  again with the right tit, with
June continuing to scream, beg and attempt to escape the whole time!

"Well slut they should take your weight without slipping off however much you
wriggle. You two haul  on those ropes until she's or the balls of her feet "said
the farmer as he disappeared of into the back of the  barn again this time
returning with two hose pipe fitted with control nozzles. "Time to clean you up
slut!  We can't have you dripping your boyfriend's sperm all over the place! Not
to mention possibly shitting  yourself later!" Saying that he turned on one of
hoses which June discovered contained freezing cold  water and proceeded to wash
June off all over paying particular attention to her tits cunt and ass. While 
June struggled for breath and to stay on her feet to keep the strain off her
tits. He then turned off the first  hose and turned on the second in this the
temperature was just off scalding, and repeated the process  turning her tits
cunt and ass a sore pink colour, with June screaming for him to stop and that it
was too  hot. It didn't take long before June slumped into a faint leaving all
her weight supported by her pink  ballooning tits, noticing this the farmer
turned off the water and stopped commenting to the watching  crowd "maybe the
water was too hot after all! I don't want this bitch escaping every 5 minutes
into a  faint! Son go and get me some of the "fixer up" we use on the horses
when they are too tired! That should  keep her awake!" The son soon returned
with a needle and some vials of drug as his father had ordered.  "This here
stuff cost me a fortune but has helped me clean up with those two nags I enter
in the local  races! It should bring her round and stop her dropping off again."
With that he part filled a syringe from  one of the vials and injected June with
in into a prominent vein in her tit. After which he order two of the  crowd to
take June's weight wile he loosened the noose around the tit he had injected.
The effect was  almost instantaneous as soon as the noose was loosened and the
blood stared to flow freely again June  came to with a scream and started to
struggle fiercely with those holding her again. "Looks like I might  have used a
bit too much" said the farmer but she will be needing all of her strength for
later! Tighten that  tit noose up again lads and step back unless you fancy
getting wet again!"

When they had tighten the noose back to the same tension as the others and step
away leaving June back  on her tip toes attempting to keep all her weight off
her sore tortured tits while pleading with them to let  her down and let her go,
and as the farmer approached again with the hot water hose to do anything.

"You are doing everything we want dear and you will continue to do at least for
the next few hours and if  you are lucky for the rest of your life! At the
moment we want you clean and to suffer!"

With that he took the hot hose and after quickly washing her down again while
lowering the temperature  slightly he approached her rear and to renewed and
more despairing entreaties from June rammed it up  her asshole. June's cries
became more shrill and desperate as she felt the hot water rushing into her
colon  and filling her and feeling like it was cooking her insides. The farmer
taped her stomach and lessened the  flow of the water, while taking the other
cold water hose and sticking it firmly into June's cunt.

June was left with freezing cold water filling up her cunt and womb and hot
water filling up her from the  rear, this caused her terrible gut wrenching
cramps as she tried to expel the water with the temperature  differences front
and rear making them far worse. "I use this trick to break all my obstinate
fillies it works  wonders" said the farmer above the noise of June's screams and
pleas. After five minutes with June  ballooning and looking like she was
pregnant with twin elephants the farmer turned to the crowd and  again warned
them to stand back "This could get a bit messy" with that he got hold of the two
hoses and  jerked them from deep within June where he had forced them. As soon
as they had cleared June's holes  they were followed by a fountain of water and
sperm from June's cunt and a larger dirtier fountain from  her ass of hot water
mixed with shit. It took almost 10 minutes for the fountains from ass and cunt
to die  down sufficient for the farmer to approach June again with out the
danger of getting wet. Grasping her  under the chin so that he could look her in
her eyes and judge her condition "Well that got you a bit  cleaner inside I
suppose but look at the mess" said the farmer to a groaning June who was trying
to regain  her footing lost when the hoses had been removed to relieve the
strain on her tits. As June managed to get  her feet back under her and started
to beg to be released again, the farmer grabbed both hoses again and  reversing
the order rammed the cold up her ass and the hot up her cunt and said "I think
that you need a  bit more to make sure you are clean for the fine folk here"
with that he turned on both hoses again and  repeated the procedure. June
writhed as much as she could to try and displace the hoses as she was filled 
again and as the cramps hit her. Again after five minutes the hoses were
wrenched out leaving her  dangling from her tits and this time hot water
fountained from June's cunt and cold still with bits of shit  from her ass.

The farmer approached again saying to her "you must be a city girl with all that
shit in you" and turning  to the crowd said "what do you think lads another
cycle" with that the crowd cheered and bayed their

agreement and June was subject to another hot and cold cycle in cunt and ass
until the water coming from  her ass was as clear as that coming from the hoses
when it was used to wash the mess away. "I recon she  is clean now lads and
needs another rest before we get to the next stage her punishment for trespass
and  criminal damage of crops. Put a stool under her and loosen those tit ropes
we don't want them turning  black and falling off!!" As the pressure on her tits
was released the blood started to flowing freeing and  June started screaming
again with the pins and needles in her tits with the crowd laughing and
cheering.  As June quietened down again she was left an hour to recover while
the farmer and the rest of the crowd  drank beer and joked amongst themselves.




Part 3:- The Nightmare Gets Worse: Punishment

At the end of an hour the farmer called everyone to order and explained "the
next order of business is to  punish this shut for trespassing on my land and
damaging my hay crop not to mention outraging public  decency with her antics
with her boyfriend. Now is the time for those nettles and willow switches I
asked  you to fetch earlier." With that he grabbed the recovering June and
dragged her into the centre of the barn  again and tied her with her arms above
her head while motioning his son to fix her legs to the other ropes  and spread
her legs.

"Right then" he said after this was completed "this is what we are going to do
next, in the good old days a  slut like this would be sentenced to a public
whipping to teach her a lesson she would never forget, but in  this case I don't
think that a whipping is enough in view of the fact that she tried to escape
twice, so to  make it more memorable we are going to tenderise her first with
the nettles! Those of you with gloves  give the spare hand to a friend who
doesn't have any and grab a handful of the nettles, split up into teams  of four
and each group of you have a minute each to use those nettles to tenderise that
sluts body, and be  sure that you treat the underside of those tits of hers and
between the cheeks of her arse!"

While he was explaining his plans June started to struggle, plead and scream.
"Save your breath slut" said  the farmer "you will need it for later", with that
he signalled to the first group with the nettles who came  forward and started
to stroke June's body paying particular attention to her tits, nipples, arse,
and cunt.  After a minute the farmer signalled and while the first group
reluctantly withdrew the second came for  ward and repeated the process. After
the first ten groups had done their work the former signalled and  they all
stood back and they admired the effects of their handy work.

June was still crying and struggling against her bonds while her tits, nipples,
arse and cunt had grown in  size and were a very red and shiny colour. "Well
this sure looks sore! She is certainly going to feel her  whipping later!"  With
that he signalled to the next group to continue June's nettle punishment. By the 
time all the remaining ten groups had, had their turn June body and especially
those parts that were likely  to be the targets during the whipping were so sore
breathing was painful as was being breathed on!

June was praying that she could slip into unconsciousness, but the farmer's
horse stimulant would not let  her and if anything seemed to make the pain
worse!

The farmer came forward again and said "are you ready for more pain and well
earned punishment slut?"  He then turned to the men and ignoring June's pleas
and entreaties explained how the next part of the  punishment was going to work.
"Those of you who were first with to nettles will be last with the  whipping.
You will each get three minutes in the same groups of four as earlier, you can
aim any where  you like below the neck, and I am sure that I don't need to
encourage you to concentrate on this slut's soft  and most painful areas! We
will stop again half was through to make save that there is not too much  damage
and to rearrange her to ensure all her slutty body is treated!" With that he
stepped back and  motioned the first group of four forward while saying to June
"ready to scream some more slut?"

The first group arranged themselves around June's franticly writhing body to
ensure they each had a clear  line of fire and started to beat June's already
pain wracked body with their whippy flexible willow  switches. WHIP! WHIP! WHIP!
SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT!..... Two of the group immediately  concentrated on her arse
and thighs while the other two attacked her tits and cunt with occasion shots to 
the front of her thighs for a change! Special attention was paid to June's
nipples and all shots to her cunt  were aimed so that the end of the willow
switch entered between her labia lips, similarly those at her arse  were aimed
so that the switch ends impacted between her cheeks and where possible on her
arsehole!  After a minute and a half the front and back pairs swapped so they
all had a go at all her body. WHIP!  WHIP! WHIP! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT!....... At
the end of three minutes the groups swapped and  June's punishment continued
unabated all the while the farmer stood nearby encouraging the whippers  and
commenting on what he thought were good shots and asking June how she felt and
if she would  damage crops, trespass or ever fuck in public again? June screamed
and begged for forgiveness but the  farmer was unmoved and only said "this is
what you deserve you slut, you've been asking for this and  now you will get it!
And besides do you ready think I could stop this now even if wanted to?"

The whipping continued until all the first half of the group had, had their
turns, and June had been beaten  for 30 solid minutes and hit hundreds of times!
The last 10 minutes of which June had been quiet as she  had screamed and begged
herself hoarse! The farmer called things to a temporary halt while he examined 
June's body for damage. Her arse had stood up well and he thought well able to
take more punishment  after all he thought she's a big girl and deserves it! The
tops of her tits however looked as if they might  not take a further 30 minutes
and he did not want permanent damage to happen as he still had plans for 
further punishment and didn't want to stop too early! But he discovered that the
underside of her tits were  relatively unscathed as although people had
attempted to hit the undersides, the weight of June's large tits  and the
lightness of the willow switches has meant that few had succeeded. So he decided
on an amended  plan. As June's nipples were still very swollen and painful he
swiftly went and got some fishing line and  tied it around He base of June's
nipples and threaded it through the ring bolt the rope was tied to and  hauled
her nipples skyward stretching her tits and giving the next set of 10 groups a
new target for their  switches as well as causing June yet more pain!

Having completed this task he asked for a beer and fed it to June saying "it is
so much more fun when we  can hear you scream and beg slut!"  With that he
stepped back and June started to receive her second 30  minutes of punishment.
WHIP! WHIP! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT!....... By the end all June's body was  covered
with thin wheals, except for her arse where they had all merged into one big red
mass of pain, the  undersides of June's tits were as red and sore as the tops
and her tits and nipples seemed to have stretched  by at least an inch or two
during he struggles to avoid the switches.




Part 4:- "We must makeup for your boyfriend"

The farmer announced "everyone especially the slut needs a rest before we
continue to the climax of  tonight, festivities!" With that he removed June's
wrist bonds leaving her momentarily suspended by her  distended nipples before
cutting the fishing line and letting June fall to the floor in a state of semi 
insensibility! "You have two hours to rest up, as you are going to need all your
energy for what I have  planned next! Rest but don't drink too much you
bastards". Said the farmer to attending multitude!

The crowd of men chatted good humouredly amongst themselves having the
occasional beer while June  lay slumped on the floor in extreme pain but too
tired and exhausted to do much more than occasions  moan and move slightly while
she tried to find a position that didn't put pressure on her well whipped  body!

At the end of the two hours the farmer signalled the resumption of activity by
hauling June to her feet by  her hair, he then called on his son to hold her
while he examined the state of her body paying particular  attention to her sore
tits and nipples, and testing her reaction by twisting her nipples through 180
degrees!  He was very upset when June only groaned! "This Slut is loosing her
stamina and we want her fully  conscious and lively for the rest of tonight
festivities."

With that he went and fetched some more of the stimulant and injected June with
it. Within five minutes  June started to show signs of life and started to
struggle. To test her further the farmer took a firm hold of  both of her
nipples and said "Lets see how many turns I can in these!" And with that stated
to twist June's  nipples in opposite directions and only stopped after one and a
half turns! During which June started to  scream her head off again! "Good your
back with us and in good voice slut" said the farmer "take her  back under the
ropes son" And as this was done the farmer told the men to gather round while "I
tell you  and this slut what is going to happen next"

Everyone got as close as they could without crowding the farmer as he tied her
hands above her head and  to re-fix the nooses back around June's sore swollen
tits. "Right slut we are going to be kind, you came  here earlier to get a good
fucking and we interrupted you and damaged your boyfriend! So to make it up  to
you we are all going to fuck you to make sure you don't miss out!"

June screamed stated struggling again and babbled pleading that they had "done
enough" and that she had  "learnt her lesson" and how she "couldn't take all of
them" and that it would "kill her" the farmer laughed  and while fixing ropes to
her ankles explained that to speed things up and because there were lots of very 
horny men just waiting to 'make things up to her' that she would fucked front
and back concurrently.  With that he finished roping her ankles and threaded the
ropes through more eye bolts in ceiling and then  fixed more fishing line around
the bases of June's nipples. He then delegated two of the group to pull on  the
ankle ropes, first stretching her legs apart and then lifting her legs of the
ground until June resembled  an inverted T with most of her weight supported by
her tits while she franticly tried to relieve the weight  by 'climbing' the rope
with her tied hands. The farmer then took the fishing line from the first of
June's  nipples and tied it to the rope attached to the ankle on that side so
that the weight of her leg and the force  needed to keep her in the exaggerated
splits was transmitted directly to her stretched nipple! Then as June  screamed
and begged repeated the procedure with the other leg and nipple!

After finishing he turned to the crowd and explained that as he and his son had
found June it was "Only  fair that they had first crack at her!" With that he
went to the rear of June and dropped his jeans to reveal  an impressive 9 inch
cock while his son went to June's front and revealed an equally impressive
member.  "Right then slut are you ready?" With that the two of them placed their
cocks at the entrance to June's  cunt and arsehole and at an unvoiced signal
from the father buried both their cocks in one thrust so deep  into June that
their balls we almost slapping into each other! June was screaming blue murder
as the  farmer and son continued to piston in and out of her dry holes, first
alternating and then both together all  the while the farmer commenting on how
tight June's city girl arse was and how after the fucking she was

going to receive she "would need to wear a nappy and how none of her limp dicked
boyfriends would  ever match up to proper men from the country." This continued
for ten minutes and then they swapped so  that the son got a crack at June's
arse and the farmer her cunt, after a further 10 minutes both father and  son
came together. The only relief that June received during this time was that
while she was being  fucked it took some strain off her stretched tits and
nipples!

After withdrawing their dripping pricks from a groaning June the farmer
announced a further refinement,  he ordered the group into the pairs they had
been in when then fucked June's face, he then split them into  two equal groups
and turning to June told her that to speed things along she was going to be
double  fucked and double buggered but "not to worry she would still be fucked
80 times front and back at  least!!!"

June's frantic struggles that this announcement caused put yet more stress on
her stretched tits and nipples  with her tits elongating and her nipples now at
least an inch long! As she struggled the first group of four  came forward and
took their places front and back, at first one each front and back pushed the
head of  their cocks into the entrance June's partially lubricated cunt and arse
and then waited while their partners  did the same. Then at the shout of "now"
all four forced their cocks deep into June's straining cunt and  arsehole
accompanied by the loudest scream June had produced since the festivities had
started. They  fucked her together and individually taking every opportunity to
cause June as much pain as possible and  to stretch out her arse and cunt! With
the excitement of what they were doing and the combined friction it  less than
5minutes before they all came and were replaced by the next group of four; and
so it went on  with a cacophony of encouraging calls from those not fucking and
screams, pleas and entreaties from  June until after about 40minuts all 80 men
had either had her in cunt or arse! Then those that were at the  front then
swapped with back and the whole process stated again, taking longer this time as
both June's  cunt and arse had been stretched and were no longer as tight:

By the time that they had finished the second set after an hour, June's screams
and cries had died to  moans and groans when she was fucked especially hard or
painfully. The farmer called a halt and fed  June more beer to wet her dry
throat and asked her "what do think of our good country cocks then? Better  than
those limp city dicks aren't they?" June didn't reply quickly enough to please
the farmer who then  told her "well you obviously need more convincing! Lets
convince her lads your can all do her again  can't you?" there was a resounding
"Yes!!" and they lined up and stated again!

When they finished, after a further 3 hours, each having had her font and back
again. June had lapsed into  insensibly! The farmer cut her down and worked on
her a while before she came to with a groan. "Well  you've had the fucking we
promised your to make up for the one you missed with your boyfriend, but I  have
some bad news for you, in all the excitement your boyfriend didn't make it. I'm
very sorry! Still  your are among friends here! "Me and my son will look after
you." At that one of crowd shouted that they  could of made a fortune if they
had videoed it and sold them or posted it on a pay per view internet  website.

"Never mind" said the farmer "there is always next time! See you all again in a
fortnight and bring your  friends!"

June screamed and collapsed into unconsciousness!

The end....or is it? 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bonehead


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





