BDSM Library - Karaoke Night Special




Karaoke Night Special
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Denise, a karaoke and BDSM enthusiast meets a troubled female at the local pub. After deciding that she would  make an excellent sex slave and birthday present for her husband the prospective slave is lured to Denise' house and is readied to serve the husband.
KARAOKE NIGHT SPECIAL by Skip



Thursday was the favorite night of  the week for Denise Morlock. It was karaoke
night at the Camaro Bar located in a small town in Lebanon County, in
southeastern Pennsylvania. But this Thursday Denise had much on her mind.
Tomorrow was her husband Bill's birthday and she had yet to buy him a present.
Oh well it would just have to wait until then. Nothing stopped Denise from
Thursday night karaoke. Bill worked 2nd shift, both would get home about 1:00AM.

Suspected by many but never confirmed was that Bill and Denise were into BDSM.
Indeed this was so with Bill the dom and Denise the sub. Denise, a 23 year
housewife, was a well built blond about 5'6", 130 lb. with major league boobs.
At Camaro's she had a reputation of being a mean bitch, somebody you didn't mess
with. She was legendary as a result of an incident at another local bar from
which she was currently banned. Some well dressed guy, reportedly a lawyer, had
persisted in making advances towards her. Denise kneed him in the groin then
handcuffed him to the bar rail using a pair of handcuffs that she carried in her
purse. She then pulled down both sets of his pants and the poor wimp was exposed
to nearly 15 minutes of humiliation before being released. He never came back to
the bar. Nor did Denise as she was banned by the owner. At Camaro's she was
tolerated as she was a big drink spender and so far had behaved acceptably.
Denise hardly  a great singer did her turn in the karaoke rotation and enjoyed
carousing with the crowd between songs.

Immediately after arriving at Camaro's Denise noticed a pretty brunette sitting
alone at the bar. At this bar everyone knew everyone else and this broad was a
new face. Denise noticed the brunette was not repeatedly glancing at the door
entrance as was characteristic of females expecting a companion to arrive.
Evidently this was a free agent not at all commonplace at Camaro's. Denise took
a seat at the bar next to the brunette and engaged her in conversation. Her name
was Colleen Hardy, 2l years old, and she lived in Harrisburg about 20 miles
away. Colleen related a tale of woe: in the course of just 7 days she had been
fired from her factory job, her boyfriend had ditched her, and she received an
eviction notice from her landlord. Tonight she had just decided to take a drive
and pick a bar at random at which to drown her sorrows. She was already
moderately inebriated. At about 5'5",110 lb. she wasn't particularly well built
but dressed in a tight red pullover sweater, a short skirt and heels, she was
rather appealing.

To the ears of Denise the woes of Colleen were better than music. Bill had
repeatedly expressed an interest in acquiring a female slave to serve on a 24/7
basis. Bill and Denise had several previous bdsm encounters with couples but no
one stayed longer than overnight. Colleen seemed like the ideal candidate and
with his birthday just hours away the temptation to Denise was irresistible. She
knew she had to move quickly as it was only a matter of time before some guy hit
on Colleen. "Look Colleen I live about two miles away. My hub gets home around
midnight and he'll be bringing his buddy with him. He'll be in a real good mood
and we'll smoke some pot together. Why don't you join us?". Colleen readily
accepted.
Colleen followed in her car pulling into Denise' driveway after a short drive.
It was only 10:00, Bill wouldn't be home until 1:00AM and he wasn't bringing any
companion. Once inside Denise moved quickly. In a stern voice she commanded
"take off your clothes now". Colleen reacted with a surprised expression ,"you
gotta be kidding "she remarked Using a cattle prod like device Denise zapped
Colleen once sending her falling backwards onto the bed. "Listen bitch I'm not
kidding, that was on low, the next one will be on high, now take off your
clothes now".The clearly terrified Colleen stood up and tried to comply but
tripped falling to the ground. Dragged to her feet by Denise she finally
completed her undressing except for her panties and hose. "Can't I leave these
on" whimpered Colleen. Denise responded by pressing the prod against her
breasts. Grabbing her hair with the other hand Denise snarled "ready for a high
volt zap". The threat was sufficient and Colleen stood stark naked before her
captor.

Ordering Colleen to stand with her hands behind her back Denise used plastic
cable ties to bind each wrist and connect them together. The same technique was
used just above her elbows causing her boobs to be thrust forward and enhancing
her rather flat configuration. Next Colleen was ordered to kneel at the foot of
the bed facing away. A 36" spreader bar was attached to her ankles using leather
cuffs attached to the bar. The bar was then attached by additional cables to the
rear legs of the bed. Another cable tie was used to connect Colleen's wrists to
the bar. This resulted in an extremely uncomfortable position with little range
of movement. Next came Denise' favorite device-an inflatable  penis gag. This
was tightly strapped around her head. It consisted of an uninflated rubber penis
in her mouth, the penis was attached to a thick rectangular leather piece with
an encircling strap Attached to the front by a short hose was a rubber bulb like
device. Upon squeezing it caused the inner penis balloon to expand. Denise
squeezed it enough so that Colleen's cheeks were puffed up and she was unable to
utter a sound. Satisfied that her "prisoner" was adequately secured Denise
tormented her by fondling her boobs and belittling their small size. "I have to
do some work in the kitchen, don't go anywhere" chuckled Denise leaving her
prisoner unattended for the time being.

END PART 1'




KARAOKE NIGHT SPECIAL PART 2 by Skip

Bill normally finished work at 11:00 and then stopped at a bar before returning
home. Denise was just too excited to wait nearly 2 l/2 hours so she called Bill
on his cell phone and told him she had a very special treat waiting and to come
home at once.  Reluctance on Bill's part was quickly overcome when Denise hinted
the treat was a person not a thing. Next Denise returned to the bedroom her cell
phone in her hand. The anguish on the captive's face was obvious and adding to
it was that she had no idea as to the intentions of this crazy woman. Sitting
across from the captive Denise simulated a phone call to an imaginary person.
The gist of it was that a slave was for sale to a foreign buyer and that bids
were being taken. Of course Denise had no intention of doing so but it only
added to Colleen's misery. To make it seem even more realistic the mouthpiece
was held near Colleen's mouth and by pinching some sensitive anatomy she was
forced to moan erotically through her gag. After finishing the imaginary call
Denise addressed her captive directly. While they were seeking a foreign buyer
if Colleen proved adequate as a sex slave for Bill they might well decide to
keep her at the current residence indefinitely. But Bill was very demanding
warned Denise and anything less than 100% satisfaction would probably cause him
to sell her. Colleen could do little but listen nodding in assent a couple of
times, fearful of the consequences of not doing so.

A few minutes later Bill arrived home and was greeted in the kitchen by Denise.
She quickly cued him in on what she had for him and requested he play along with
the foreign buyer ruse. Bill entered the bedroom and caught his first glimpse of
the slave. "Couldn't you have got somebody with bigger boobs" remarked Bill.
"Maybe her buyer will decide to have boob enhancement surgery for her" chortled
Denise causing a frown to the already dejected face of Colleen. Addressing the
still bound and gagged slave Bill laid down the rules. Colleen was property, she
could expect to be whipped frequently and even more severely if disobedient; her
"room" would be a cage in the basement; she would obey any command by Bill or
Denise; Bill would always be addressed as "Sir" and Denise "Maam". "Time for the
barbershop" commanded Bill. Using scissors Denise trimmed the slaves shoulder
length hair to above her ears. Bill was partial to blondes and an assortment of
wigs would be acquired to vary her hairstyle to suit his whims. Noting that
Colleen had a full mound of pussy hair Denise was ordered to remove it. Doing so
necessitated modifying her restraint. The cable connecting her wrists to the
spreader bar was cut. Her elbow restraints were also removed. With the spreader
still attached and wrists bound behind her she was placed on her back on the bed
and within minutes her pussy was shaved completely bald..

A cursory finger fuck of her pussy by Bill was encouraging. Well lubricated and
fairly tight. Unable to resist the urge to fuck then and now Bill uncuffed her
wrists from behind her back but recuffed them to the headboard using a pair of
metal cuffs. Two ropes, one at each end, were attached to the spreader bar and
connected to the headboard. This was Bill's favorite mounting position and he
wasted no time thrusting into her pussy. The slave proved to be quite responsive
climaxing multiple times and making very emphatic moaning sounds through her
gag. After about ten minutes Bill pulled out. Time to show the slave to her
quarters. She was led in handcuffs to the basement where a medium size metal dog
cage awaited. It was just the right size to prevent her from standing. Her
inflated pump gag was removed but she was warned if she spoke without permission
she would be whipped immediately. She was forced to sit in the cage which was
then locked. The metal cuffs were used to cuff her wrists to the top of the
cage. Escape from the cage was impossible without cuffs due to a specially
reinforced lock, the cuffs merely added to her humiliation and discomfort. The
basement was windowless and a metal bar locked the cellar door from upstairs
further protecting against escape. Full fledged training would begin early in
the morning. Bill and Denise headed upstairs to smoke some pot before getting
some brief sleep.

END PART 2




KARAOKE NIGHT SPECIAL PART 3 by Skip

Bill awakened early. His initial enthusiasm over the prospect of training a new
slave was somewhat tempered , the practicality of a 24/7 slave being a major
consideration. It meant that much of the time the slave would be entrusted to
the custody of Denise. He sensed that Denise had a desire to control the slave
and to Bill's way of thinking this meant loosing his submissive hold on Denise.
In the past when they engaged in couples encounters Denise had reacted less than
enthusiastically when forced to serve as a co submissive with the other female.
None the less the new slave was clearly an excellent choice. She would easily be
trained and soon would be a very willing submissive.

Denise was already dressed in a leather outfit when Bill awakened and was eager
to begin the training of Colleen. Her eagerness came to an abrupt halt when Bill
announced that Denise and Colleen would first "get acquainted" on a co
submissive basis. "That's fucking great" snapped Denise. It was a mistake to
challenge his decision. Knowing that struggling was futile Denise quickly found
herself minus her leather outfit in a tight hogtie on the bed and wearing a 4"
thick leather collar. Bill was extremely skilled with rope and his knots were
escape proof. Leaving Denise on the bed Bill went to the basement to fetch
Colleen. She was awake having not slept at all during the night. Without saying
a word Bill uncuffed her and quickly bound her hands behind her using rope. An
identical collar was fastened around her neck and she was led upstairs to the
bedroom where she was positioned on the bed facing Denise. A leather belt was
encircled around the waist of each. Bill then used plastic cuffs to connect the
ring of each collar to the leather belt of the other. They were positioned in
such manner that the mouth of each was directly accessible to the pussy of the
other. It was indeed an awkward arrangement and one that never failed to arouse
Bill. Using a flogger as an inducement each was forced to lick the other
vigorously for nearly fifteen minutes with each receiving several severe lashes
to their buttocks during the process. Satisfied with the performance Bill cut
the strips connecting each other and proceeded to mount and thrust into Colleen
with Denise hogtied on the same bed. Denise struggled helplessly in her bonds
knowing better than to mouth her feelings. She was especially enraged by
Colleen's emphatic erotic moaning which sounded more like genuine pleasure than
anguish.

The fuck session with Colleen ended after about ten minutes. Denise was then
released from her restraints and ordered to bath and feed the still bound
Colleen. The look of disdain about Denise was obvious but she knew better than
to not comply. Colleen was taken to the bathroom, hand showered and allowed to
use the toilet. She was then fed a special liquid protein shake and informed
that more palatable food would be contingent upon her training progress. Bill
then led her back to the basement. After removing her bounds she was placed in
the cage unrestrained. Bill returned upstairs and turned his attention to Denise
who was redressing. Noting that Denise had removed her collar Bill commanded
"Did I give you permission to remove your collar". "No sir" snickered Denise. "I
think you need some remedial training" Bill said smilingly. It was only 9:00
Saturday morning. Denise knew she had a long day in store for her.

END PART 3




KARAOKE NIGHT SPECIAL, Part 4 by Skip

Denise had not heard the term "remedial training" mentioned previously but she
assumed it would not be to her liking. Once again wearing her collar Bill used a
short leash to lead her to the basement where she was attached to a specially
built wooden X-frame within full view of Colleen. Leather straps were fastened
to her wrists and ankles. The worst came next: Bill attached the penis gag
previously used on Colleen to Denise inflating it to the max. For all her love
of submissive BDSM Denise despised being gagged and Bill always honored this
preference. The only thing she despised more was the thought of a female using a
strap on device upon her.. It was apparent her remedial training would be far
more distasteful than she imagined.

Bill next turned his attention to the caged but unrestrained Colleen. Releasing
her from the cage he produced a strap on device and ordered her to wear it. She
fumbled trying to fasten it so Bill completed the task for her. Denise began
moaning and thrashing viciously as this was taking place. She had a unerring
tendency to moan and thrash no matter how futile were the chances of success.
This continued as Colleen was ordered to mount her from the front. With periodic
lashes to her buttocks using a flogger Colleen thrust vigorously for nearly ten
minutes before being ordered to stop. Not wishing to allow Bill or Colleen the
satisfaction Denise tried to avoid climaxing but it was impossible. To add to
her chagrin Colleen seemed to be enjoying her new found dominant role even
uttering erotic moaning sounds without prompting. The strap on workout completed
Bill ordered Colleen to kneel and suck him off as he sat on a chair. She was
then placed back in the cage still unrestrained. Denise remained strapped to the
frame and gagged as Bill went upstairs to complete some work.

The chain of events that would lead to the demise of Bill and Denise were set in
motion nearly six months prior. Colleen had been arrested for shoplifting from a
Wal-Mart near York. She failed to show in court and a warrant was eventually
issued for her arrest. Before it could be served Colleen moved to Harrisburg.
The police made no real effort to learn her new address and the warrant was
filed in the computer system.

State Police Investigator Mike Shade had received a tip from an informant that
Bill was involved in significant drug dealing. Like so many informant tips this
was exaggerated if only to gain the favor of the police. Bill's drug involvement
consisted of procuring enough marijuana for Denise and himself, and occasionally
a couple of friends. None the less Shade made it a point to drive by Bill's
house periodically looking for reason to obtain a search warrant. Colleen's car
had been left parked in the driveway and the rear license plate was easily
visible from the road. Shade called for a check which revealed the owner to be
Colleen Hardy and that there was a warrant outstanding for her arrest. This was
grounds to obtain a search warrant on the grounds that a fugitive, however low
level, was inside the house.

It took less than a half hour to obtain the warrant via cell phone with a copy
faxed to the officer's car. With two other uniformed troopers Shade pulled into
the driveway. Bill not realizing what was transpiring took a gamble and answered
the door confident he could bluff his way out of the predicament. Despite his
assurances that Colleen was not presently at his house the officers insisted on
searching inside. With the officers was a snarling German Shepherd police dog
which Bill found more intimidating than the three officers. Denise and Colleen
were quickly discovered in the basement, Colleen unrestrained but locked in the
cage and Denise strapped to the x-frame and gagged. Bill and Denise immediately
claimed that Colleen had come to the house willingly and that the sex and
restraint were all consensual. The police believed Colleen's version to the
contrary. Bill and Denise were arrested and each charged with Kidnapping and
Sexual Assault.

The case was scheduled before Judge Graham Wellington. Because the prosecutor
was afraid a jury might buy the consensual argument he offered a plea bargain to
each. Bill, who had a previous Rape conviction, was offered 4-6 years. Denise,
with no record, was offered a ;1-3 year sentence. Denise' lawyer assured her
that Judge Wellington was amongst the most lenient judges in the state and would
most likely sentence her to the minimum of one year with work release. Both Bill
and Denise accepted the plea offers.

Bill was sentenced to 4-6 years. But when it was Denise' turn to be sentenced
she was hit with a wallop. Calling it the "most heinous sexual assault case I
have ever seen" she was sentenced to the maximum of 4 years with no work
release. A visibly stunned Denise was led from the court in handcuffs to be
transported to the state prison system. Standing in the hall outside the
courtroom Denise noticed a well dressed male smiling intently at her as she was
led by. She froze in her tracks and then it dawned upon her who this was. It was
the wimp she handcuffed, stripped and humiliated in the bar a few months ago.
How could this be! As she was being placed in the prisoner van she asked one of
the correction officers as to his identity. "That's Brent Wellington, Judge
Wellington's brother, he is a lawyer too". Fir the first time in many years
Denise broke down and cried.

EPILOG ONE YEAR LATER:

COLLEEN HARDY resides in Wilmington, Delaware and is attending cosmetology
school. Her boy friend is a local police officer and they live together at his
apartment. Periodically Colleen demands to be handcuffed and her boy friend is
happy to oblige.

BILL MORLOCK contracted tuberculosis and is confined to the prison hospital. His
long term prognosis is not good.

DENISE MORLOCK in her first year of imprisonment eight months have been spent in
solitary confinement. She has been written up four times for assault: twice upon
male correction officers, twice upon female inmates.

THE END




KARAOKE NIGHT SPECIAL  Part 5	

SYNOPSIS: After serving four years in prison abductress Denise Morlock is free
and thirsting for revenge. What better target for enslavement than a female
lawyer.

It had been four long agonizing years for Denise Morlock since having been
sentenced to the max four years imprisonment for her role in the abduction of a
female sex slave to serve her husband. She served the entire four years having
been denied both parole and good behavior time because of her incorrigibility.
This was characterized by frequent assaults upon other female prisoners and
occasionally upon staff members, both male and female.

At long last she was free. Currently 27 years old she had added nearly fifteen
pounds to her former buxom 5'6, 130 pound frame. Her husband Bill had died while
serving time in another prison -stabbed by another inmate. Bill was sentenced
for the same crime as his wife. Denise longed for a return to the world of BDSM
but with Bill's passing she was in need of a master. Fortunately for Denise she
had struck up a friendship with another female prisoner who had a brother from
the Pittsburgh area who was a BDSM enthusiast in addition to being an ex con and
sometime home invader.

Larry Pierce was a 33 year old tall, lanky blonde with a demeanor that Denise
intuitively recognized as kinky after seeing only his picture. An agreement was
reached where Denise would live temporarily with Larry at his South Hills estate
and if compatible would become permanent. Larry had served time for drug dealing
but aside from some home grown marijuana for his personal use was now out of
that business. Using inheritance money he had acquired an expensive home in a
rural area. He owned considerable real estate, both apartments and businesses
spending much of his time managing these properties. Never married he maintained
intermittent live in relationships with a number of females.

In terms of bondage domination Larry left much to be desired in terms of Denise'
expectations. She was accustomed to the frequent flagellation and assorted
bondage furniture used by Bill combined with his copula tory  prowess. Larry on
the other hand was more a restrain 'em and fuck 'em quick type of practitioner.
He was skilled with ropes but had little in the way of bondage furniture. His
typical m.o. was to bind his partner and then leave her restrained for a
prolonged period of time. Sometimes she would be fucked quickly other times it
would be delayed.   Larry was more attracted to the damsel in distress scenarios
than long term domination. Still from Denise' standpoint it was preferable to
living in squalor in some apartment and being forced to work at some minimum
wage job.

Denise had undergone a transformation of her bondage preferences since her
imprisonment. Previously she was fiercely submissive and loyal to Bill. But she
longed for her own female slave. Her abduction of Colleen Hardy had been on
impulse and was intended as a birthday present for her husband.. The scheme had
backfired as Bill had forced Denise to serve as a co-submissive with Colleen
playing one off against the other. With Bill out of the picture she doubted she
would find a suitable master and was keen on acquiring her own female slave,

Larry confided to Denise that he had committed "a few" home invasions in which
the victim was a female living alone. The main purpose was to restrain and rape
the female with robbery being a minor concern. He was reluctant to confide the
details but Denise sensed that he was a visceral rapist and she broached the
subject of abducting and training a slave. Larry while not outright dismissive
promised to give it some thought.

One idiosyncratic quirk that Larry admitted to was speculating as to the vaginal
temperature of his victims. To confirm his speculation he carried a rectal
thermometer on jobs but used it for vaginal temperature measurement. Some
rapists are just weird thought Denise chuckling to herself.

In their first few days of living together Denise and Larry showed signs of
basic compatibility. Denise was quite satisfied with his sexual prowess but
longed for the domination and pain that had been Bill's trademark Larry didn't
even own a flogger such was his indifference to the pain aspect of BDSM. Even
after Denise acquired a cheap flogger from a local adult bookstore it failed to
interest Larry. But Denise kept her part of the agreement by cooking, doing
housework and assisting with chores at some of the rental properties.

Larry and Denise shared one disdain: lawyers. It was the public humiliation of a
lawyer that resulted in Denise receiving the max after her lawyer assured
leniency was in store. If only Denise had known the judge was the brother of the
lawyer she had humiliated. Larry had negative experiences with lawyers but none
infuriated him more than Anne Snidley.

In every professional community be it law, engineering or medicine there is a
pecking order. In the Pittsburgh legal community Anne Snidley was the epitome of
incompetence and dishonesty with a secure lock on the bottom of the pecking
order. Her trademark was to take money from a client and perform no work on the
case other than to plead the client guilty. She frequently missed court
appearances and more than once her clients were arrested for failure to appear
because of her failure to notify them of the court date. The handful of good
deals she struck for her clients were attributed not to merit but to her
willingness to provide sexual services to certain judges and prosecutors. It was
further reputed than she was into drugs and accepted drugs as payment for her
services.

At age 28 Anne Snidley was no petite carrying 140 pounds on a 5'6" frame with
short brown hair and brown eyes. She was no candidate for Cover Girl magazine
but she was endowed with the right combination of ass , tits and body language
that caused men to perceive her as a vixen. Her lucrative legal business enabled
her to maintain a top flight wardrobe and cosmetic ensemble. When Anne wanted to
seduce a particular male she invariably succeeded. She was a straight
heterosexual with no interest in bondage.

Larry had been the victim of Anne's professional incompetence. Arrested on a
drug charge he had retained Anne as his lawyer. After securing a hefty retainer
she advised him to pled guilty and that he would receive probation. He followed
the advice and was shocked to find that the charge carried a one year minimum
sentence. As he was carted off in handcuffs Anne was arranging a date with the
prosecutor. Larry vowed one day he would avenge her incompetence. Upon learning
of this long standing animosity Denise proposed that Anne be abducted and
trained as a sex slave. She knew of a motorcycle gang that specialized in
transporting slaves to Mexico where they became the property of some bordello
and were forced into  indefinite sexual servitude. In some cases the slaves
reportedly were shipped to other Central or South American countries. Larry was
immediately receptive to the proposition and assured Denise that there would be
no repeat of the Colleen Hardy scenario where Denise was forced to serve as 
co-submissive. Denise would be the primary trainer although Larry would inflict
his share of abuse upon Anne. Larry envisioned Anne would be confined at his
estate for about two weeks before being delivered to the slave transporters.

A tidal wave of euphoria permeated Denise' psyche as she began the meticulous
planning for the abduction. Amazingly she found that Anne was a regular at the
Thursday night karaoke show at Sinkers Bar in nearby Upper St. Clair. This
instantly evoked images of the Thursday night karaoke show at the Camaro Bar.
Located nearly 200 miles away it had served as the setting for the Colleen Hardy
abduction. Sinkers clientele was predominantly low life and Anne's patronage
there was less out of any interest in karaoke than to cultivate future clients.
It was the type of bar Denise would have no difficulty blending into other than
her tendency to engage in assaultive behavior when propositioned by jerks.

Denise first task was a shopping spree at the local fetish boutique. She
acquired an assortment of floggers ,collars and restraining devices items that
Larry had never shown any interest in. Next on the list was a metal cage about
6'x3'x3'. Not large enough to stand in it would serve as Anne's "bedroom".
Another item was a bondage floor board with secure rings to which restraints
could be attached. A state of the art stun gun device rounded out the shopping
list. The high costs somewhat dismayed the frugal Larry but Denise soothed his
feelings with vivid descriptions of what training techniques she envisioned for
Anne. In addition the items could be put to use on future slaves.

Since Anne resided in a multi unit apartment complex it was decided that a home
invasion was too risky. In addition it was noted that the parking lot was well
lite and equipped with a video surveillance device. The parking lot of Sinkers
was much more desirable being quite dark and lacking any surveillance device. It
was decided that Larry would pick the lock on Anne's Ferrari while it was parked
in Sinkers lot, open the hood and disable the engine. Denise would exit the bar
at the same time as Anne. If other persons were present in the lot Denise would
engage her in conversation until it was clear. She would then be subdued. The
engine disabling served as a fall back measure.

As the Thursday night karaoke began Denise arrived early clad informally in
jeans and a sweat shirt. She did her best to disguise her appearance by wearing
a brunette wig and to blend into the crowd trying to avoid the inevitable male
advances. Anne arrived about 20 minutes later wearing a dark blue business suit
and white blouse. Denise had to concede that Anne projected the image of someone
wealthy and influential although totally out of sync with the honky took bar.
Anne wasted no time in introducing herself and characterizing herself as the
most aggressive criminal lawyer in the Pittsburgh area the local version of LA
law. As Anne handed her a business card Denise smiled to herself knowing that
the bitch had duped her last client and that Larry was at the very moment
sabotaging her car engine.

The night moved quickly and 90 minutes after she arrived Anne prepared to
depart. Denise followed her by several footsteps. No persons were in the parking
lot and the moment of capture was imminent. Before Anne could get into her car
Denise called out asking if she could talk to her for a minute about a friends
legal case. Anne stopped and was face to face with Denise. With 007 like
precision Denise delivered the charge from the stun gun and Lady Pittsburgh Law
was slumped unconscious in the parking lot.

Seconds later Larry pulled up driving a cargo van. Larry and Denise quickly
hoisted Anne into the van through the rear door.. Denise hopped in beside her
and Larry drove off. It had all been accomplished in less than 90 seconds and no
one had witnessed the operation. It was a three mile drive to the estate. Denise
used the time to attach leather cuffs to both wrists and both ankles of the
newly  acquired slave but left them unconnected for the time being. With luck
she would still be unconscious upon arrival at the estate.

Ten minutes later the van pulled into the garage attached to the house and the
electric garage door was closed. Larry and Denise carried the still unconscious
captive to the basement and propped her up doggy style on her knees on the
bondage board securely anchored into the floor. The leather cuffs were attached
to the corresponding rings on the board and when she regained consciousness
would be forced to maintain that position indefinitely. Denise had considered
cutting off her clothes when she was conscious but decided it would be
satisfying to see the expression on her face when she awoke and found herself
naked. So Denise quickly stripped Anne of her clothing before securing her to
the board.

Anne soon emerged from her unconsciousness. She knew that it was not a bad
dream, that she had been abducted but for what reason but she had no sense. Her
worst fears were confirmed when she saw Larry, whom she recognized instantly,
and Denise who was now clad in a two piece black leather dominatrix outfit
featuring a short vinyl skirt and carrying a flogger.

"Good evening counselor" remarked Larry. Anne responded with an appeal to his
sympathies. "Tell me this is all a bad joke Larry" she pleaded her vixen like
persona reflexively making itself felt. Denise was seething. This performance
evoked images of her previous slave, Colleen Hardy, appealing to her late
husband in an attempt  to undermine Denise' dominance of her. In reality Larry
had no interest in keeping Anne indefinitely she was merely a business
proposition coupled with revenge and he fully intended to minimize his role in
the training process. Denise' response to this vixen was a vicious lash to her
exposed backseat. Such was the intensity of the memories of being a forced
co-submissive. She then proceeded to inform Anne of her fate:

-She had been abducted and was on consignment to a Central American bordello.
After two weeks of training she would be turned over to slave transporters and a
lifetime of foreign enslavement.

-Denise would be in charge of the training and she was to be addressed as
"Mistress" at all times. She could not speak directly to Larry only through
Denise. Anne would not be referred to by her name only as "Cuntface".

-She could expect to be repeatedly raped, sodomized and tortured and that most
of this would be inflicted by Denise. She would perform oral sex upon Larry
until she achieved satisfactory competence as this skill was highly prized in
the slave trade.

-She would spend nights in the cage. Other times she would be restrained either
on the bondage board or hands attached to an overhead bar.

Not interested in listening to Anne's pleas for mercy Denise strapped a penis
gag into place and changed her position from the floor board to the standing
with hands overhead. This enabled Denise to make a thorough examination of her
anatomy both external and internal. Denise noticed that the customary arousal
indicators such as nipple enlargement and moisture were absent. She was
surprised Larry had shown no interest in her vaginal temperature.  To Denise'
way of thinking this was unusual as she had been conditioned to believe that
such arousal was the rule rather than the exception. But Anne would come around
soon enough.

Next on the agenda was introducing the slave to flagellation. With deft
precision Denise used her flogger to inflict lashes upon the breasts, buttock
and crotch area. For sheer pleasure nothing beat the rape of a virgin female by
another female. Anne's moans through her gag were immensely pleasurable as
Denise first penetrated her anally with her strap. The session was barely an
hour old yet Anne was completely ravaged. But there was much more to be done and
Denise opted for a break leaving the bitch hanging helplessly from the ceiling
bar chomping on a oversized penis gag.

After a ten minute pot break Denise decided to put off further training until
morning. The slave was placed in the cage after her penis gag was removed and a
tight fitting leather posture collar was padlocked in place around her neck.
Bright floodlights were used to illuminate the cage from all sides, the rest of
the basement lights were darkened. Satisfied that escape from the cage was
impossible Denise headed upstairs.

Much to her surprise Larry was waiting and without warning he delivered a hard
slap to her face. Larry spoke quite vehemently. He was in charge of this
operation not Denise. While Denise had been assured of the role of primary
trainer Larry emphatically pointed out that he was financing the operation and
without his benevolence Denise would be living in some run down apartment. He
was especially incensed by the requirement that the slave could not address him
directly. Before Denise could collect her composure to respond Larry had her
tied to the bed lying on her side with wrists and ankles attached to the
respective bedposts positioned such that she was facing away from Larry. She
would remain that way for the night fully clothed while Larry slept alongside
her. If she spoke one word she would be gagged. Regrettably she had previously
confided to Larry her extreme distaste for that form of bondage.

Down in the basement Anne quickly realized that escape was impossible. The anal
intrusions had been performed so violently that the delayed onset pain would
persist for days. Anne tried to fashion herself serving as a bordello slave. It
might well be better than being tortured by a psychopathic woman. At the moment
sex with Larry would be far preferable than any further tortures by Denise but
Anne  perceived that the bitch was running the show and up until now this had
indeed been the case.

Once again Denise was the victim of her obsession with dominating another female
slave. She lie on her side expertly bound and immobilized for nearly 45 minutes
without saying a word such was her aversion to being gagged. Somewhat to her
surprise it marked a change in temperament for Larry. Up until now he had been
essentially a wimp in terms of domination. He had more than adequate sexual
prowess, was skilled in restraint and harbored strong rape preferences.
Hopefully this was about to change as Denise still harbored a strong preference
for domination by a male as well as a preference for  domination of another
female.

Finally Denise broke her silence. "Permission to speak sir, the slave realizes
the error of her ways and wishes to repent" she uttered in the most sincere tone
she could muster. To her surprise Larry responded by untying her from the
bedposts. Leaving her wrists and ankles bound he helped into a kneeling position
on his side of the bed. Thus commenced several minutes of pillow talk. Denise
apologized for her being overbearing and assured Larry that they would be equal
partners in the training. Convinced that Denise was sincere Larry removed the
remaining restraints, Denise quickly took him by mouth, and they both drifted
off to some brief sleep.

"Did Cuntface sleep well last night" chortled Denise as she inspected her
haggard looking caged slave later in the morning. "No mistress" replied Anne in
a faint tone. Unlocking the cage Denise dragged the slave out by the hair. She
was quickly corrected as to her diction. After responding "Cuntface did not
sleep well Mistress" several times and finally reaching the correct tone Denise
proceeded to leash training. First Larry bound her wrists and elbows together
behind her back. This caused an enhancement of her already well endowed boobs.
Denise announced that Cuntface was today a cow and as she was led by a collar
leash on her knees she was ordered to utter moo sounds repeatedly. Using a
cattle prod Denise delivered one sample charge on low intensity. Anne 's
performance was quite satisfactory as she was led around the carpeted basement
on her knees for nearly ten minutes mooing continuously.

Larry took over for the next segment of the training. It was made clear to Anne
that she could address him directly as "sir". With her wrists and elbows still
bound she was ordered to perform oral sex upon Larry as this was an important
skill that she would have to acquire proficiency in before transport. To Larry's
vexation her performance was lackluster. She indicated she might be able to
satisfy him better if her restraints were removed. This evoked an immediate
angry response from Larry.

Making clear his dissatisfaction with her oral sex performance Larry removed her
rope bonds and attached her to the overhead bar using leather cuffs. He then
proceeded to use the flogger over her body delivering even more intense lashes
than had Denise the previous evening. Upset over her diction and lackluster tone
she was ordered to count off each lash as "Cuntface enjoys one lash sir, another
please" numerous times. The lashings increased in intensity until the desired
tone was reached. By the end of the lashings she was sobbing hysterically and
Larry reattached the penis gag to squelch the cries. No one was more pleasantly
surprised than Denise. Just possibly Larry would develop into into a worthy dom
yet. It also indicated Anne would likely abandon any hopes she had into seducing
Larry into some type of deal.

Larry removed the rope bonds and gag and attached the slave to the floor board
where she was affixed in a doggy style position. Denise pulled up a chair in
front of her and as commanded Anne's tongue was buried deep in her pussy and
moving in high gear. The fact that Denise held the cattle prod in one hand no
doubt contributed to this intensity. Adding to Denise' pleasure was the
certainty that this was the first time that "Lady Law" had eaten pussy and it
wouldn't be her last.

Satisfied that Denise had the slave well in hand Larry headed upstairs. Some
arrangements had to be finalized with the slave transporters. Much training
remained to be done before the slave could be sold but Larry had no doubt that
with 12 days remaining the goal would be achieved.

END PART 5




KARAOKE SPECIAL Part 6 by Skip

Larry had just finished making a call to the contact person for the slave
traders and was preparing to return to the basement. Suddenly he heard a
crashing sound and through the basement door burst Anne, nude and wearing only a
collar and leash. She made a frenzied dash for the front door. Reacting
instantaneously Larry tackled her to the floor. Seconds later Denise was upon
her as well.

A heroic escape attempt by Anne had failed. Denise had decided on her own that
it was time to allow the prisoner to use the upstairs bathroom and removed her
wrist and ankle restraints. She was leading the captive up the stairs with the
leash attached to her collar and as she opened the basement door Anne shoved her
and made a bolt for freedom. Fortunately Denise was able to grab the railing and
regain her balance without falling down the stairs.

Larry had no difficulty subduing the slave. Denise in anger wrapped the leash
chain tightly around Anne's neck almost choking her into unconsciousness. Larry
was able to drag her back to the basement unassisted where she was reattached to
the overhead bar using the leather cuffs. A spreader bar was attached between
her ankles as well.

Anne would pay dearly for her escape attempt. Denise had never fisted a female
before but she drove her fist violently into Anne's sex evoking a blood curdling
scream. Next she took a roll of duct tape and mummified her face by wrapping the
entire roll leaving an opening only for the nose. The blindfold denied Anne the
ability to see an enraged Larry grab Denise by the hair and drag her up the
stairs where she herself would pay for her negligence.

Dragged into the bedroom Denise fell to her knees begging for forgiveness. If
Larry had a weak spot it was his reaction to Denise' submissive display of
contrition. His initial urge was to attach Denise to Anne with restraints making
the two Siamese sisters. Fortunately for Denise he reconsidered but knew that
some form of punishment must be inflicted. Next to forced lesbian sex Larry knew
that being gagged was most disliked by Denise. Despite her revulsion Denise
accepted the penis gag and was hogtied on the bed as Larry went about his
business. Knowledge that Larry had considered the Siamese punishment option made
it considerably easier to take the gag.

While Denise made the best of her punitive restraints Larry returned to the
basement to inflict further punishment upon the prisoner. Any trace of sympathy
he might have previously felt for her had ended. He took about a dozen
clothespins and attached them to various points in Anne's genital region and
upon her nipples. Further he informed her that slaves were normally branded
after being transported. In this case he would personally brand her with an iron
before transport. Larry returned upstairs to continue his punishment of Denise.

Before he could attend to Denise the phone rang. It was Rocco the local honcho
of the outlaw biker gang which was responsible for transporting Anne to Mexico.
Rocco had discovered that one of his female gang members was knowingly carrying
on a sexual relationship with an undercover police officer. It was only a matter
of time before the wench gave information that would result in a search warrant
and the cops came crashing into the club house. Fortunately she did not know
about the enslavement of Anne.

Rocco decided to sell Cathy Richaud to the same Mexican slavers who would be
acquiring Anne. Cathy would immediately be brought to Larry's estate and
confined with Anne. The two would then be transported together.

Cathy would be delivered to the estate under the guise that she was being
required to undergo a two hour dominatrix session with Denise. This was to be
punishment for being verbally abusive to Rocco earlier in the week. Upon her
arrival she would be informed of her fate. The transport would be immediate to
prevent Cathy from informing her undercover lover.

Denise got an unexpected reprieve from her punishment as the new captive would
be arriving in less than 45 minutes. Larry made clear his displeasure with
Denise over the attempted escape and promised that further punishment was in
store for her. In the meantime every precaution would have to be taken to secure
the two slaves. The transport date was being moved up-both slaves would be
transported in three days. Training of Cathy was not a major concern for Rocco
as he considered her a nymphomaniac who suffered withdrawal symptoms if she was
not fucked at least twice a day.

Cathy Richaud,a stunning 5'11, 115 lb., blue eyed long legged redhead was a
natural for a hooker. At 19 she had been with the gang for less than a year. The
gang considered  her communal property and she served the dozen or so male gang
members. Attired in a black vinyl miniskirt, a red zippered plastic bikini and
wearing stiletto heels she was driven unrestrained to the estate in the van
accompanied by Rocco and Biff another male member. The van drove into the
garage, the electric door closed and Larry and Denise were waiting. Denise was
attired in her customary two piece black leather dominatrix outfit.

Rocco had informed Larry that Cathy was a heavy speed user and would quickly
become agitated when she learned her fate. Therefore Rocco had brought alone a
quantity of valium and a syringe so she could be sedated intravenously. It would
leave her conscious but extremely groggy and allow her to be adequately
restrained. After the drug wore off she would be personally interrogated by
Rocco and if necessary tortured to determine how much she had told her lover
about the gangs operations.

Once inside the living room Rocco informed Cathy of her fate. As expected she
began struggling when Denise attempted to take her to the basement. Larry,
Denise and Biff wrestled her to the floor and held her securely while Rocco
injected her buttocks with the syringe. Her resistance quickly evaporated
allowing Denise and Larry to carry her to the basement. Still fully attired
Larry demonstrated his superior ropemanship by hog tying her on the floor in a
most stringent manner coupled with elbow ties. Denise attached a ring gag which
would assure she would not choke but would prevent intelligible speech and
permit her to be involuntarily mouth fucked.

With Cathy secure Rocco turned his attention to Anne this being his first view
of her while in captivity. Without asking he ripped off the duct tape which
covered her entire face except for a nose opening. He quickly inspected her
pinching various portions of her anatomy before commanding she be taken down so
he could have better access to her. Denise looked nervously at Larry who quickly
acquiesced to the demand. The spreader bar was left between her ankles.

The will to resist had been destroyed and Anne offered no resistance as Rocco
propped her on her knees and entered her from the rear. "Never  fucked a lawyer
before" commented Rocco to no one in particular in his West Virginia drawl. He
proceeded thrusting vigorously for several minutes and withdrew after climaxing
himself. Rocco was exasperated that Anne had failed to do likewise. "Maybe she
needs some better trainers" he remarked disparagingly. Denise showed visible
anger but she remained silent as Rocco picked up a flogger and proceeded to flog
the hapless captive about her anatomy. The stupid asshole thought Denise to
herself knowing that his crude flogging technique would leave permanent welts
hardly attractive to a bordello customer.

As Anne was reattached to the overhead bar Rocco directed Biff to go out and
bring in "the belt". He returned shortly thereafter carrying a metallic chastity
belt which Rocco proceeded to attach to Cathy after removing her miniskirt. It
was then padlocked into place with Rocco retaining the key. The drug was
beginning to wear off  and Cathy struggled but to no avail. He announced this
was to assure that the captive would be denied sex which he felt was appropriate
for the traitorous wench. Rocco indicated there would be reprisals if he found
the belt had been tampered with.

Denise continued to seethe in anger not only at Rocco but at Larry for his
wimpish acceptance of this demeaning treatment by the biker slaver. When the
four went upstairs Rocco declared "I think I'm going help myself to your woman"
and grabbed Denise by the arm to lead her into the bedroom.

Then all hell broke loose. Denise kneed him in the groin and Larry lunged
towards Rocco. Biff struck Larry on the back of his head with a blackjack
sending him crashing to the floor unconscious and was able to grab Denise by the
hair. Despite the pain she had inflicted Rocco was able to wrestle her to the
floor and to handcuff her hands behind her back.

In a matter of less than three minutes Larry and Denise went from the role of
captor to prisoner. When Larry regained consciousness he found both Denise and
himself hogtied on the living room floor using a combination of metal and
plastic cuffs. Rocco and Biff were sitting comfortably on the couch chuckling at
the plight of their newest captives. Rocco had just finished a cell phone call
when he informed Biff that the Mexicans had changed their order. They still
wanted two slaves but one a dominatrix. "Looks like we got two people to ship
and two to get rid of Biff" quipped Rocco, "any idea which two we get rid of".
Biff , only semiliterate and valued more for his 6'5,270 pound frame, just
shrugged his shoulders mockingly as if there were any doubt as to who would fit
the dominatrix requirement.

Leaving Biff to guard the two captives in the living room Rocco returned to the
basement and informed Lady Law of the change in plans. She was told that only
two of the three female captives would be sold and that the one not sold would
be disposed of without going into specifics. As it was not decided which two
would be sold  it was in her best interests to satisfy her captors sexually..
She pleaded in desperation offering him $50,000.00 in cash. Rocco just laughed
saying they would make nearly that much from the sale. Unable to resist the urge
to inflict further torture he repeatedly rammed a dildo into her anally causing
her intense pain.

Deciding that Cathy needed a little pussy eating practice Rocco removed the ring
gang from her and dragged her to a position in front of Anne. Still hogtied
Rocco held her by the hair and forced her to eat cunt for nearly ten minutes.
Cathy having heard Rocco announce his plans worked feverishly inserting her
tongue as deeply as was permitted by her awkward position. Anne for her part
began moaning passionately for the first time since her capture the prospect of
bordello servitude being preferable to termination.

Satisfied that he had ignited competition for sexual satisfaction between the
three Rocco cut loose the rope connecting Cathy's wrists and ankles but left
them bound separately. After taping her mouth she was placed in the locked cage.
Anne was also re gagged with tape mainly to prevent the two from communicating
with each other.

Upstairs Denise had been trying to establish conversation with Biff but it was
futile, he seemed like an emotional dullard as well as illiterate. When Rocco
returned Denise directed her efforts towards him. Rocco told her that the three
females were in competition as to which two would be sold. Denise was convinced
that with time she could dissuade him but in the meantime it meant providing sex
to the vicious slaver. Rocco wasted no time cutting her hogtie connector and
dragging her into the bedroom where she was forced to be mouth fucked by him.
Distasteful as it was she swallowed his cum before Rocco left her in the bedroom
and went to check on Larry.

Larry remained hogtied on the living room floor with Biff sitting on the couch
in front of him helping himself to a beer. For all his ropemanship prowess Larry
was unable to come close to extricating himself from the tight bondage he had
been placed in. He had likewise been unable to communicate with Biff so when
Rocco returned Larry made a plea that he be allowed to join the gang. He could
provide valuable logistical and financial support including the use of the
mansion and was quite willing to sacrifice Denise to Mexican slavery. Rocco
promised to consider his offer but for the time being he stuffed a pair of
Denise' soiled panties into his mouth and taped them in place. Having found a
ski mask in the bedroom he pulled in on backwards over Larry's head. Not only
did it cut off his sight but it further restricted his ability to breathe
through his nose thus effectively preventing him from attempting to escape.

Next it was Biff's turn for a piece of the action. With Rocco's approval he
removed Denise' ankle bonds. Forcing her legs up in the air as she lie on her
back Biff fucked her vaginally for several minutes. Definitely a king size dick
thought Denise to herself compared to his midget mentality. She did her best to
please Biff but she had to concede it was arousing in spite of her predicament.
Once he finished Biff led her to the basement as ordered by Rocco.

Rocco's perverse imagination had been working overtime since the procurement of
his slave collection. He announced to the three female captives that a contest
would be held and that there would be two winners and one loser. The two winners
would be sold, the loser "disposed of" again without going into specifics. Of
course he did not announce that Anne would be the loser regardless.

The contest consisted of a hop race across the 50' carpeted basement floor and
back a total of four times. Each captive was stripped naked and bound in the
same manner: wrists behind back and the ankles connected together by a  plastic
hobble no more than 4". This assured that walking or running was impossible only
a hop would suffice. If the contestant fell she had to pick herself up, rolling
on the floor did not count. Each was tape gagged as well. Larry would remain
upstairs unaware of the contest. For further amusement Rocco had noticed a CD
player in the basement with a collection of CDs. The contest would take place to
the disco sound "YMCA".

Rocco gave the starting command and with music blaring the three beaus all moved
out with Cathy taking an early lead. It faltered when she fell before reaching
the mid point and she was passed next by Denise then by Anne. Cathy struggled
desperately to her feet and continued on. The sounds of grunting and groaning
through the gags kept Rocco and Biff in a state of euphoric erectile rigidity.
Watching the loose boobs of Denise and Anne bouncing about was particularly
amusing. Cathy's boobs were much firmer and the bounce was hardly noteworthy.

Anne was the next to fall but unlike Cathy she was unable to recover quickly.
Denise who had yet to trip was in the lead but a determined Cathy was gaining.
By the end of the second lap it became clear Anne would finish last which she
did . Denise crossed the finish line about 10' ahead of Cathy with Anne a
pathetic 50' behind. Anne all but gave up a dejected look about her as she
finally crossed the finish line.

Rocco treated himself to the winner removing Denise' ankle restraints and
thrusting into her sweat soaked body. Biff was allowed to have his way with
Cathy and he did likewise. This was unusual in that despite the communal
property rule observed by the gang Cathy had refused to have sex with Biff owing
to some idiosyncrasy. Rocco had honored this preference but now Biff was making
up for her rejection. Not one to pass up an opportunity for revenge Biff
reattached the ring gag to Cathy. As he neared a climax he withdrew and took her
by mouth Cathy being forced to swallow a wad of cum.

Lady Law's sexual treat was to have dildos inserted both vaginally and anally.
Rocco then took the metal chastity belt used on Cathy and padlocked it in place
on Anne. "You won't be getting boned where you're going" quipped Rocco. Anne lie
passive, exhausted  and securely bound ,gagged and dildoed on the floor as she
pondered her uncertain fate.

For Denise the promise of being a slave trainer had once again turned sour. Her
first attempt resulted in four years imprisonment and know she would be shipped
to Mexico within a few days and forced to live as a bordello slave. She found
Cathy rather attractive and hoped that they would be allowed to serve together.
Denise had not been dildoed leaving her longing for release especially after
being fucked by Biff  however personally repulsive he was. Presently she was
bound hand and foot, tape gagged, wearing a thick training collar and locked in
the cage she had herself selected. Cathy and Lady Law were within sight but all
three had been gagged by their captors to prevent them communicating with each
other.

Upstairs Rocco and Biff considered the fates of Larry and Lady Law. Rocco
understood that having Larry's estate would be a valuable resource but had
qualms whether he could be trusted knowing the fate of the three female
captives. He toyed with the idea of keeping Lady Law in captivity at least for a
few weeks until a buyer could be found. Biff favored terminating her and even
suggested a snuff film. Fortunately for her Rocco preferred enslavement of
females rather than murder and he would have the final say.

In the basement Cathy hung from the ceiling bar having traded places with Lady
Law with the dildos making her sexual cravings somewhat more bearable. Her face
and mouth ached from the strain of the ring gag Biff had tightened so rigidly.
She had become quite attached to her undercover lover and was even considering
leaving the gang. Now she faced a lifetime of foreign sexual enslavement. The
hope of rescue seemed remote as she had never heard of Larry and it was unlikely
his estate was on the police horizon. She felt compassion for Lady Law knowing
that between Rocco and Biff the corrupt lawyer would be fortunate to be allowed
to live. Lady Law lie just a few feet away bound and tethered by a collar chain
to a vertical pipe.

Undercover Narcotics Investigator Chris Dewright was clearly troubled. Cathy had
failed to keep her date with him. Chris had quickly become infatuated with Cathy
despite her gang involvement. The information she had provided about the gang so
far was of minimal value but that was outweighed by her sexual propensities.
Dewright, a 24 year old bachelor, even envisioned one day marrying her and
saving her from a life of misery.

The major piece of information Cathy had furnished so far was Rocco's cell phone
number. Dewright was able to obtain a log of recent calls from that number and
several were to a cell number in Mexico. This turned out to be the personal
number of a drug lord and reputed white slave trafficker. Cathy had once
mentioned to Dewright that Rocco had talked of entering the slave traffic.
Warning bells went off instantly.

Back at the estate Rocco loosened Larry's bondage and brought Denise to the
living room where he and Biff took turns helping themselves to her. Nothing like
humiliating their male captive even more. Denise found sex with Rocco nauseating
but when Biff's turn came she experienced the same perverse satisfaction she had
earlier. This was none too evident to both Larry and Rocco as Denise' climaxes
reached fever pitch intensity. Biff would have continued indefinitely with
Denise but Rocco returned her to the basement cage.

Dewright  sat with his cell phone monitor tuned to Rocco's number desperately
hoping for some clue as to Cathy's whereabouts. Finally the phone rang. It was
Rocco calling the gang club house and telling someone that Biff would be there
shortly to pick up supplies. Asked about Cathy, Rocco replied in his drawl with
a pun "she's tied up at the moment".

Dewright and his partner Special Agent Jessica Stuhr sat in their inconspicuous
Honda Civic in a parking lot across from the clubhouse. Thirty minutes later
they observed Biff pull up in the van by himself, go into the clubhouse, and
leave in the van about ten minutes later. Dewright desperately tried to keep the
vehicle in sight even after a near collision while running a red light.

Back at the estate Rocco took Larry to the basement to join the other three
captives. To further enjoy himself he delivered about ten flogger lashes to
Cathy's boobs, buttocks and pussy. Thankful that she was to be sold Cathy
endured the lashes as well as could be expected but she was due for a meth fix
soon. Rocco hoped to exploit this addiction to extract from her what information
she had provided Dewright.

The van pulled into the driveway of the estate and the electric garage door
opened. Dewright who was close behind knew it was now or never. Once the garage
door closed entry would be extremely difficult and dangerous. The Honda Civic
shot into the driveway and he was able to pull it far enough into the garage
behind the van to prevent the door from being closed. Biff emerged from the van
an AR15 in hand. Before he could get off a round Dewright fired four rounds from
his Glock three of which struck Biff killing him instantly.

As the two agents crashed into the house Rocco bolted out the back door into a
wooded area and escaped. The four captives were found in the basement and freed.
Larry and Denise were arrested. Despite an intense search Rocco was not caught.

In return for testifying that Larry admitted involvement in other rapes Denise
pled guilty and received a ten year sentence. DNA connected Larry to two
previous home invasion rapes and he pled guilty receiving a twenty year
sentence.

Anne Snideley gave up her private law practice and was appointed by the governor
of Pennsylvania to head the agency which investigates misconduct allegations
against lawyers and judges.

Chris Dewright and Cathy Richaud married but separated within a year.

Six months after his escape Rocco was found shot to death along a highway in New
Mexico the apparent victim of a drug related hit. The case has never been
solved.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Skip


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





