BDSM Library - Five on One




Five on One
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Five brothers rape their sister.
Five On One

By

Willailla

                         * * *



     It was afternoon in the late spring of that year.  There was the smell of
locust blossoms and honeysuckle wafting in the air.  Billy Bob and his four
brothers--Earl, Lester, Zeke and Jimmy--were sitting in the shade of the front
porch of their mother's home.  It was a peaceful Sunday; mostly everyone in the
small town of Regis had been to church that morning and would now be eating a
dinner of mashed potatoes, green beans, tomatoes, fried chicken, and store
bought cole slaw, with a thick, hot slice of crisp, buttery corn bread on the
side.  Or, most likely, something of the kind which had been canned last summer
by the womenfolk and still having that fresh from the garden taste only home
canning can preserve.  And maybe for dessert there had been some steaming hot
blackberry cobbler topped with ice cream or a cold peach custard smothered in
swirls of sugary whip cream.

     Whatever, the five brothers had forsaken all the culinary possibilities to
indulge themselves in a pint or two of bootlegged whiskey clear as mountain dew
and hotter than a stew of Mexican peppers. 

     Billy Bob, the oldest of the brothers, breathed in deeply the fresh
afternoon air, his body tingling with the vibrancy of youth.  The joie de vivre. 
As the fruit jar of lightning passed back and forth among the brothers, he
rolled a joint and sucked its pungent smoke deep into his lungs. 

     "You know what would make this a perfect day?" he asked, more or less
thinking out loud.

     "What?" Earl, the next oldest, asked back.  Earl was the hippie of the
group with his dirty blonde shoulder length hair and gold ear hoop.

     "A little pussy," he replied.  Unlike Earl, Billy Bob kept his hair cut
short in a burr.

     Jimmy, the youngest, sniggered and ran his hand down the well-defined abs
of his tanned belly.  Like the rest he was shirtless and barefoot, only wearing
a pair of faded denims.  Unlike the others his hair was a tangle of thick brown
curls, his eyes blue as the sky over their heads.

     "A little pussy wouldn't be bad," he agreed.

     "How would you know, one of the twins, Lester, teased.  "You ain't never
had any."

     Everyone laughed at this making Jimmy hot, but he had to grin since it was
true.  Zeke, the other twin, reached out with a lazy stretch and mussed Jimmy's
hair playfully.

     All the boys were tall and slender with broad shoulders and well-defined
muscular bodies.  The twins were the tallest, though, and the best basketball
players in Regis.  Billy Bob was the smartest and strongest of the group and had
always been their acknowledged leader.

     "Tell yuh all something if you don't repeat it," Billy Bob said all around,
squeezing his words out through fiercely clenched teeth as he held the acrid
smoke in his lungs; his face turned red, the veins stood out.

     "Yeah, what's that?" Earl asked.

     He finally released the smoke with a loud hiss, then looked around at their
expectant faces.  Lanky Zeke and Lester were trying to grow  beards with
scraggily results.  Little Jimmy with his tight, good looks was destined to be
their Casanova.  Long-haired Earl was already demonstrating a talented business
acumen for growing weed and distilling some of the best whiskey in the county. 
If he didn't kill himself from indulging in his own product, he would probably
be a millionaire before he was thirty. 

     Billy Bob's eyes took on a glazed look as he spoke.

     "I fucked mom," he said.

     There was a kind of a shocked silence.

     "Aw, bullshit, man," Earl said.

     "Naw, serious," Billy Bob replied.  "No, bullshit.  I fucked her for real."

     There was a space while they let all this sink in.  They all knew Billy
Bob, when he was shitting and when he wasn't.  This was one of those times when
he wasn't, and they knew it.  The familiar image of their mother was now going
through their minds in a new fashion.  His confession had put a new meaning on
the word mother.  One that was suddenly provocative.  Mother had been moved to a
whole new category:  a woman available.  Lustful phantoms prompted their
imaginings.  Their mother's head transmogrified onto the bodies of nude women in
slick magazines.  A sick feeling of excitement began to churn in their hard
bellies.  Cocks stiffened.

     "And was she tight," he added, softly.

     "How?  When?" Earl asked, the doobie Billy Bob had passed him forgotten in
his hand.

     "The other night, while you assholes were sleeping.  I couldn't sleep.  I
had this massive hardon and  no place to put it but my hand, and that just
didn't seem enough at the time.  You know, there comes a point when you just
have to have the real thing or you'll go nuts.  Well, that's the way I was.  I
had to have it real bad.  That's when I started thinking about mom.  What a nice
firm body she has, those full tits and jutting ass, and I made up my mind to
fuck her.  I was too horny to give a sweet goddamn about the consequences.  I
got up and walked into the living room, my dick stuck up under the waistband of
my shorts, and crossed to the hallway; mom suddenly came out wearing only a
white slip.  The moonlight was streaming through the windows lighting up both of
us.  Clear enough that I could see the look on her face and it was a look that
told me she was as hot as I was.  You know, maybe it was that ESP shit brought
her out just like me.  Anyway we were both kind of shocked at seeing each other. 
It was obvious to both of us what we wanted, yet at the same time embarrassing.  
She passed by me and went to the front door pretending to check and see if it
was locked.  Then as she started back, I took her arm and pulled her to me.  She
pulled back, and I pushed her back up against the wall and started kissing her. 
Man, I was fucking hot by this time and nothing could have stopped me.  She
tried to push me away with the palms of her hands against my chest, but she was
too weak--or wasn't trying all that fucking hard.  I slapped her and yanked hard
on the straps of her slip, popping them.  She struggled with me, and the slip
fell to the floor leaving her naked.  She bit my lip and scratched me and tried
to squirm out of my grasp, but she wasn't trying hard enough, and I knew she was
wantin' it as much as me.  She could have called out or screamed, but she
didn't.

     "I turned her and held her wrists together with one hand while with my
other I pulled her head back by her hair and forced her into the bedroom.  She
kept making squealing sounds in her throat as I lay her on the bed.  She was on
her back, and I held her hands over her head by her wrists.  She struggled a
lot, but she wasn't half as strong as I thought.  I could feel her tits rise and
fall against my chest.  The nipples were hard.  She kept whispering.  Begging
me.  Man, my cock was hard.  I slapped her hard.  I think she was getting off on
it.  She liked it rough.  I could see her face in the moonlight.  The window
right by the bed.  It was all screwed up with clenched teeth and grimaces while
she was writhing beneath me trying to buck me off.  I slapped her hard again,
and she gave off this gasping, muttering kind of sexy, throaty sound.  I kneed
her legs apart and waited for her to tire out some, then I rammed my cock in
her.  Oh, God, it was so good!  Her face just kind of froze.  You should have
seen it.  All at once she became still as a stone.  Her eyes went wide with this
far off look in them, and her mouth dropped open into a circle.  She made a
sound something like 'uh...uh' drawing her breath in sharply each time.

     "I swear, I fucked her all night and didn't stop until the morning light
was coming through the window."

     "Well, I don't know ifn you're lying or not," Zeke said, after a moment,
"but you sure as hell made my dick hard."

     There were chuckles at this.

     Jimmy was rubbing his crotch and gazing off down the street.

     "Here comes Annabelle," he said.

     The boys glanced down he street to where a pretty girl with long blonde
hair had just rounded the corner coming in their direction with long, shapely
strides.  She was wearing a blue and white checked dress with white buttons up
and down the front and a white, mandarin collar.  Below the snug fitting bodice
the skirt hung down full from the hips.  In her right hand she clutched a
flap-over, slim, white purse and a small Bible; on the wrist of her other arm
was a set of white plastic bracelets.  Her feet sported a pair of white,
high-heeled pumps.

     "D'yuh get salvation, Annabelle?" Earl teased, fondling his earring as she
turned in at the sidewalk.

     She paused at the bottom of the porch steps and perched a foot on the first
one.  She took in the fruit jars setting on the edge of the porch, one full, the
other half empty.  She swatted a fly away from her face.  She could smell the
ferment in the air--not only the whiskey but a certain animal rawness emanating
from the brothers; she saw the joint being passed around, could smell the acrid
odor.   She placed a hand on her hip, the long-nailed fingers pointed toward the
ground.

     "Maybe more than you all got, I reckon," she said, with mild reproof, her
back arched, her breasts full against the thin cotton of her bodice.

     Someone snickered.

     Billy Bob was leaned back against one of the pillars at the top of the
steps.  He stared at her with a faraway look in his eyes as if he were thinking
something over.

     "Where's mom?" Jimmy asked.

     "She went over to visit with Auntie Ellison.  And it's a good thing she
did.  If she could see you sorry bums now there would be hell to pay."

     "Um, such language," Lester grinned, punching Zeke lightly on the shoulder.

     "She won't be back till late, then," Billy Bob mused.

     He was staring at her with a strange look.  It was a look she had never
seen before.  Kind of cold and impersonal.  It made her nervous.  Especially
when she saw that same look in the eyes of the others. 

     She had seen what liquor could do to a person.  Their father had been a
drunk.  Nice when sober, but a screaming, wife-beating monster when he'd had a
few.  And lately she had seen a similar change being wrought in her brothers. 
Anymore they were like strangers.  Always drinking and smoking  dope.  Being
rude and obnoxious.  They hadn't bothered going to church for ages.  And hardly
ever dressed decently anymore.  She stared at them.  None of them had a shirt
on.  Nothing, in fact, but denims--not even shoes.  They looked like
hillbillies.  She felt ashamed of them.

     Jimmy, who was sitting near the bottom step, reached up suddenly and tugged
on the hem of her skirt.

     "Stop that, Jimmy!" she scolded.  "What are you doing?"

     "Helpin' yourself to a little, squirt?" Earl grinned.

     "Aw, what are you guys all talking about?" Annabelle said glancing about,
suddenly feeling like the class clown being made fun of.  Their jokes no longer
included her, as they once had in the past, but were now more and more of late
directed at her.  She didn't like it.  Somehow they made her feel dumb, out of
it, square--but worse, objectified.

     Blushing she started up the steps.

     "Where you off to?" Billy Bob asked, thrusting his leg out in front of her,
blocking her path.

     "I've got homework to do," she replied.  She sighed and rolled her large,
blue eyes.  "Let me by, Billy Bob.  C'mon.  I'm in no mood to play games."

     "Who says I'm playing games?"

     His eyes were focused on her tits.

     "I've taken daddy's place, " he said, cryptically.

     "I don't know what you're talking about," she replied, irritated.

     "You will," he smiled, looking round at the others.

     Jimmy started tugging on the hem of her dress again.  She wanted to slap
him--hard!  

     "Stop it, Jimmy!," she demanded.  She realized that from where she was
standing now on the steps he could see up her dress.

     "Having fun, twerp?" she chided.  She looked down at him over her shoulder.

     "Why don't you have a drink?" Billy Bob said.  He held up the half empty
jar of liquor toward her in a lazy, relaxed manner.  "You might like sinning a
little."

     "C'mon," Zeke chimed in.

     She could feel Jimmy's hand brushing up and down her calf.  His hand moved
down to her ankle and encircled it.  Gripped it.  She could feel the warmth of
his hand radiate up her leg.  She shivered involuntarily.  Goosebumps formed on
the nape of her neck.

     Haughtily, she shook out her long, blonde hair and stepped over Billy Bob's
leg and reached for the handle of the screen door.  But Lester and Zeke stepped
between her and the door.  She felt a pair of hands on her shoulders. 

     "Why don't we have a little fun," she heard Billy Bob say.  His mouth was
only an inch away.  She could feel his hot breath on her cheek, smell the reek
of whiskey and marijuana.

     "Let me go!" she said, suddenly scared.

     Lester and Zeke stood in front of her.  Billy Bob was on her right.  Earl
came up on her left, and from behind, she felt Jimmy's hands suddenly resting on
her hips.

     "We just wanna have some fun, Annie," Billy Bob said.

     "Let's fuck her, Billy Bob," Jimmy said.

     Annabelle froze as the four-lettered word seemed to hang tangibly in the
air.  She couldn't believe what was happening was happening.

     She felt herself being lifted off the porch floor.  The screen door banged
open.  They took her inside.  Hands held her wrists and ankles.  Her attempt to
scream was cut off by a hand over her mouth.  Her face was crushed between warm
hard bellies.  Knees prodded her.  She felt her hips bang against furniture. 
She was jostled about like a sack of potatoes.

     Suddenly she was on a bed.  She was lying on her back staring at the
ceiling.  They held her arms and legs spread-eagled.  It was their room.  They
all shared one large room.  She and her mother had separate bedrooms.  There
were basketball posters on the walls.  The room had the stale, sweaty smell of
dirty socks and underwear.

     Billy Bob stood at the base of the bed watching.  Zeke and Lester were on
either side of the bed holding her wrists.  Earl and Jimmy held her by the
ankles.  She writhed helplessly, straining to break free; her face was red with
the effort.  Her smooth, white teeth were gritted fiercely.   Beads of sweat
formed on her forehead.

     "Let me go!" she cried.  Her long, blonde hair fanned out on the pillow
beneath her head.  She glared at the hands holding her prisoner.  Grunted as she
tried to jerk free.

     Her struggles only served to raise her dress higher up her shapely legs. 
She banged her head up and down on the pillow in frustration.  Whining in her
throat.  Her full, round breasts straining the buttons of her bodice.  Flesh
could be seen through the openings between the buttons where the fabric was
pulled apart.    

     Jimmy slid a hand tentatively up her leg stopping at mid-thigh where the
hem of her dress had risen.

     Annabelle squeezed her eyes shut, trying to block them out of her mind. 
Their heavy breathing; their sweaty, whiskey smells; the heady, sick sweetness
of marijuana fumes.  The palm creeping up her thigh left a warm, moist trail.

     Not Jimmy!  Not him, dear God!  No, please!

     "Go ahead, Jimmy," Billy Bob coaxed.  "She wants it."

    "Two cherries with one fuck," Lester chuckled.  "That's right, ain't it?" he
whispered, close to Annabelle's ear.  "You've never had it before either, have
you, baby sister?"

     "Damn!  I wanna see her naked," Zeke said.

     The boys were beyond good and evil now.  The girl writhing on the bed was
their sister, yes, but she was also a female animal undeniably made for the
purpose of slaking male lusts.  They were hotly aware of the shapely body
straining beneath the cotton fabric of the dress.  And they wanted to see it in
all its blonde glory.

     "Let's strip her," Zeke said, his voice hoarse with need.

     "Hold on, guys," Billy Bob said.  "Let's give her a choice."

     "What the hell?" Earl exclaimed, he looked up from where he was kneeling at
the foot of the bed holding Annabelle's ankle.

     Billy Bob gave a mocking smile.  "Sure, it's only fair. 

     He looked at Annabelle who gazed fixedly at him.

      "Drink a little of our bootleg and smoke a little dope and we'll let you
go.  What do you say?"

     She glared at him; tried once more to jerk free of Zeke and Lester, then
seeing the futility of her position, sighed with frustration and sank back
against the pillow; she clamped her eyes shut and nodded.

     Billy Bob strode out onto the front porch, letting the screen door flap
shut behind him.  The head of his swollen cock stuck up from beneath the
waistband of his jeans several  inches higher than his bellybutton.  Flies
crawled along the rim of the uncapped jar.  He picked it up.  Floating belly up
in the clear liquid was a bluebottle.  He dipped his finger in and withdrew it. 
It was still kicking its little legs as he squashed it against the porch pillar. 
He wiped the tip of his finger on his jeans and took a drink.

     "Like blood to a vampire," he said, imitating W. C. Fields, then chortled.

     Their house was situated in a perfect spot, he reflected idly, gazing
about.  There were scrubs and trees blocking their neighbors' view.  There
weren't that many anyway since they were outside the town limits by a couple of
stone throws.  And there was plenty of ground between them and the nearest. 
There was enough through traffic, too, so that the occasional car stopping at
their place would go unnoticed.  In the fall that would be important when they
started selling their dope and whiskey. 

     Billy Bob took his cock out and pissed off his hardon at the edge of the
porch, unmindful of the dribble down the front of his pants as he shoved it's
semi-erectness back in and zipped up.  By the time he had walked back to the
bedroom, his dick was hard again.  Fully a third of it sticking up from his
waistband.

     He noticed Annabelle's eyes taking it in, then glance away.

     He sat down on the edge of the bed and held the jar out, sloshing some
liquid on her breasts. 

     "OK, you take a big swaller," he said.

     Annabelle remained silent and still for a moment, only her swollen breasts
rising and falling.  She bit at her full lower lip, then looked at Billy Bob. 
She wasn't stupid enough to believe they would really let her go, but she would
pretend.

     "And you'll let me go?" she asked.

     "And smoke a little grass," Billy Bob added, nodding.

     "OK," she said softly, lowering her eyes in a demure fashion.  

     Billy Bob moved the jar toward her lips.

     "Can I sit up, please?" She asked.  "It will be easier to drink then."

     "Sure," Billy Bob answered.  "Why not?"

     Billy Bob stood.

     "Let'er go, boys.  She ain't going nowhere."

     Reluctantly, the brothers released their grips on their sister's wrists and
ankles and settled back on their heels.

     Slowly, Annabelle sat up rubbing her wrists, then swung her legs off the
edge of the bed, letting her, now, bare feet touch the hardwood floor.  The hem
of her dress had risen high up her thighs.  She touched the hem for an instant,
as if she were going to lower it, but instead released it with a slight, shrug
of her shoulders as if she had resigned herself to her fate.  A strand of long,
blonde hair hung over her left eye.  She brushed it back, her white, plastic
bracelets clicking.  The brothers stared at her hungrily.

     The door of the bedroom-living room was in front of her.  Only Billy Bob
directly blocked her from it.  She took the jar of lightning he handed her and
slowly raised it to her lips, all the while keeping her eyes fixed on her goal: 
the door.  If she could reach it before they could grab her, she could get out
onto the porch and out onto the street and pray that a passing car would stop
for her.

     Suddenly she flung the contents of the jar at Billy Bob's face and leaped
up off the bed dashing toward the door. 

     Billy Bob lurched drunkenly to the side and grabbed her around the waist
with a strong, muscular arm.  Jerking her off her feet he flung her lithe body
around in a circle and cast her sprawling on the floor.  The brothers quickly
surrounded her as she scrambled to her hands and knees.  Earl placed his
barefoot on her ass and shoved her sprawling again.

     Annabelle realized with a sick churning in her stomach that she had played
her only hand and lost. 

     They were going to rape her!

     They let her get to her feet the next time, then the fun began.

     The brothers formed a tight circle around her.  Hands shoved her roughly
from behind, propelling her forward in a stumbling fashion into Earl's arms.  He
kissed her savagely on the mouth and ripped open the top buttons of her bodice. 
A stinging slap sent her reeling backwards into Lester's and Zeke's waiting
arms.  Hands flew under her dress and jerked her panties down.  Rough fingers
raked at the soft down of her cunt, pulled the hairs out by the root.  She
tripped forward with the panties tangled around her ankles.  Greedy hands pawed
at her dress.  A stern yank on her collar pulled the bodice off her shoulders. 
Hands fooled with the catch of her bra.  She felt the bra loosen.  Hands popped
the straps leaving red welts on her pale shoulders.  The bra fell to the floor
leaving her tits exposed.  A mouth found one of her nipples and began sucking
harshly on it.  Another wet mouth found the unused nipple.  She felt the bite of
teeth.

     She felt her dress being pulled apart.  There was a ripping sound.

     Then she was naked.   

     Fists and palms found her naked flesh.  Fingers prodded her.  Entered her.

     They tossed her back onto the bed.  Hands held her wrists and ankles as
virgin Jimmy climbed onto the bed between his virgin sister's legs.

     "C'mon, Jimmy, fuck her!" the brothers encouraged.

     She would have screamed, but there was a tongue in her mouth.

     Suddenly she felt Jimmy's cock enter her.  The soft, velvety outer skin
loose over the hard, unyielding inner core.  The pain blinded her.  She felt his
warm, hard-muscled belly against her own soft, womanly one.  Both were wet with
sweat.  His belly began to make smacking sounds against hers.  She tried to
raise her hips to force him out of her, but the brothers held her too tightly to
move.

     They raised her legs up and bended them so Jimmy could force his cock deep
into her.  He moved rapidly in and out of her panting like a dog.  Even though
he was the youngest, his cock felt huge in her.  All the other brothers had
kicked off their jeans and were stark naked.  The ones who held her by the
wrists--Zeke and Lester--had enormous, swollen cocks.  They were uncircumcised
and the heads were a dark purple with congested blood.  She almost thought she
could see them pulsing and throbbing.  From her position on the bed she couldn't
see Billy Bob's or Earl's cocks, but she was certain they would be enormous as
well.  At any rate, she figured she would soon find out.  For it was certain
that all the brothers intended to fuck her, to fill her with their cum.  Would
she become pregnant with their seed?

     Suddenly Jimmy tensed and rapidly began pounding his cock into her.  Her
tits jiggled from the force of it.  After several quick thrusts, he stiffened,
then let out a cry and hung his head, breathing in rapid gasps, holding his
weight off her with arms straight on either side of her.   His sweat dripped
onto her belly.  She glanced down as he withdrew his cock and saw blood covering
it.

     Bloody Mary.

     "I don't want no fuckin' bloody hole," Earl said, standing up, his large
cock quivering rigidly out in front of him.  "Turn'er."

     They turned her over on her belly, spread-eagled.  Her anus was a small,
smooth pink hole resting between the half globes of firm, unblemished ass flesh.

     "That's what I want," Earl said, rubbing the palms of his hands together
greedily. 

     He squeezed his tanned fist tightly around the base of his cock.  There was
still half a cock extending beyond it, thick and swollen.  The foreskin had
slipped back over the plum-sized head and a thick, gooey strand of opaque liquid
hung from the pee hole and dripped onto her ass cheek.

     He stuck his fuck finger in his mouth and wetted it down. 

     "Hold her tight, boys, cause she's gonna buck like a mule in a moment or
two."

     He slowly inserted his finger into her asshole, the first joint
disappeared, then the second.  He could hear her inhale faintly.  He worked the
finger, joggling it from side to side to spread the muscles of the tight hole. 
He wasn't preparing her in order to spare her any pain--he couldn't have cared
less about her feelings, but he knew he would never be able to get his cock in
her unless he could stretch her wider.

     After working his finger about for a minute or two, he inserted a second
finger.  This caused her some discomfort, and she groaned sharply.  After
wallowing his fingers around in her butt for another minute or two, he placed
the head of his cock at the rubbery-ringed entrance of her asshole.  He spit
profusely into the palms of his hands, then greased his cock all around.

     She did indeed try to buck.  Zeke and Lester held her face into the pillow
so that her screams were muffled.  The huge head of Earl's cock buried itself in
her ass.  Her back arched and her legs quivered violently.  Her pleas for mercy
were distorted by the pillow.  Earl forced more of his cock into her.  The
muscles beneath her skin were as taunt as compressed, steel springs.   Her long,
slender fingers were spread wide and straight on the bedspread.  Then as his
cock went in deeper, her hands clenched tightly pulling at the spread.  After
several minutes of forcing his dick into her, Earl felt his hard belly come to
rest against her asscheeks.

     "Aaaaah!" he sighed, his body melting as his cock squirted load after load
of creamy cum into her.  "Oh, God...Oh, God...Ooooohaaah!"

     After a moment, he rolled off the bed and took a swig of liquor.

     "Boys, that's some tolerable fuckin' there," he said.  "We should have been
fucking that years ago."

     "You bastards!" Annabelle cried, half sobbing.

     Lester and Zeke forced her up on her hands and knees.

     The three biggest cocks had been reserved until last.  And with horror,
Annabelle realized she was going to have to take all of them at the same time.

     Billy Bob got on his back underneath her.  She stared in disbelief at his
massive cock.  It was as big around as her forearm.  No woman could take all of
that and live, she thought.

     Lester got in front of her, his huge, purple veined-dick bobbing sluggishly
inches from her face as if weighted with lead.  She could see the hairy balls
scrunched up tightly against the base of his cock. 

     Behind, she felt Zeke's sweaty palms slap her ass cheeks.  She didn't
believe she could stand another intrusion there.  Her ass was throbbing with
pain from Earl's reaming.

     Billy Bob gripped her thighs and slowly pulled her down so that her cunt
was touching the head of his cock.  It might as well have been a doorknob it was
so big.  When she made a slight motion to resist, Billy Bob raised his fist. 
Resistance, it said, was futile.

     Slowly, painfully, she felt the enormous head spreading her labia apart,
entering her.  She felt the iron resistance of her sphincter subside; the
cockhead pushed and thrusted, spreading it wider, until it passed by.  She
watched the thick shaft began sliding into her, like a huge tropical snake down
a river bank as it vanishes into the water.  She stared in disbelief as her
belly swallowed all of it.  She felt a trickle of blood down the inside of her
thigh mixed with Jimmy's cum. 

     Billy Bob placed his hand on the back of her neck and forced her face down
toward his until her tits lay on his chest.  He forced his hot, wet tongue into
her mouth while Zeke kneaded her ass cheeks and placed the head of his cock on
the entrance to her asshole.  He buried his cock in her with one, swift thrust,
greased by Earl's previous load.  Her whining protests were smothered by Billy
Bob's tongue.

     Zeke slapped the cheeks of her ass and yelled "Squeal, bitch!  Squeal like
a pig!"

     And she did until Lester shoved his thick-veined dick in her mouth plugging
her up.

     All three brothers worked her like a two-bit whore.  They worked their huge
cocks in and out of her young, virgin flesh in unison.  They dumped their huge
cargo of cum in her until every orifice dripped with their rapeseed.  Then all
of the brothers took turns fucking her again.

                                                              * * *

     Sheriff Beauchamp climbed out of his cruiser, hid off the road and in the
shadows, and lit a panatela.  His fat belly hung over his duty belt.  His gray
shirt was wet around the collar and under the armpits.  His silver badge blinked
in the starlight.  It was a hot august night; already the locust trees had begun
to shed yellow leaves in preparation for winter.

     He gazed with a leisurely attitude at the brother's house and blew a ring
of smoke into the warm, moist air. The lights were on and there were several
cars parked in the driveway sheltered from view on one side by a long row of
privet hedge and by the garage and house on the other.    There was a tolerable
level of hard-rock decibels emanating from it.  Just tolerable. 

     Sheriff Beauchamp waited fifteen more minutes.  He counted five cars coming
and going as he occasionally tapped the ash off his cigar.   The brothers were
doing a right smart business.  Earl, the sheriff was thinking, was the one with
the ideas, but he was lazy, lacked drive.  That's were Billy Bob came in.  He
was the risk taker, the ramrod of the outfit.  Together they could go far.  It
wouldn't surprise him if Billy Bob didn't run for political office someday.  He
had what it takes.

     The sheriff waited until the last car pulled out of the driveway, its
yellow beams darting off down the street.  Tree frogs set up their shrilling
trill.  A twig snapped under his shoe as he started for the house.

     The front door was unlocked.  The lights had been dimmed.  The rock music,
duller now, came from the back of the house somewhere.  The sheriff entered
quietly, then turned to his right and walked a few steps to another door and
opened it.

     A naked girl with blonde hair gave him a startled look.  She was tied to a
straight-backed chair by her wrists and ankles.  There was a ball gag in her
mouth.  On a small table to his right was an envelope.  He picked it up and
opened it, puffing on the cigar clenched between his teeth.

     There was ten thousand dollars inside.

     Yes, indeed, business was good--very good!

     He took the money out and put it in his wallet.  After a moment he took his
clothes off.  His portly cock was still jerking to an erection as he walked over
to the struggling girl...and put his cigar out on her tit. 

     He picked up a coil of whipcord lying on her lap. 

      It would have been better if he could have heard her screams without the
ball gag...but one can't have everything, can he?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Willailla


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





