BDSM Library - The High Tech Trained Girl




The High Tech Trained Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A fully paid manly heaven on earth with Masters who voluntarily goes to their place of work on their time off.
Foreword

I'm not a professionally translator so I must apologize if I don't always 
find the right words or word-values, knowing that parts of the Soul in a 
Story is getting lost in a translation.

Telling a story is in a way "sending" and reading is in the same way a 
"receiving". To complicate understanding we have different views of life and 
experience. Added to that religion and culture and local public opinion 
differs as well, so there is plenty of room for misunderstandings.

I can only hope that my basic message is coming through to the receiver - 
YOU, my friend.

This is an occasionally poor translation from another language (Swedish) to 
English.
If You choose to read it, You have to handle that fact.

I presume that you are not a minor and if so you must stop reading now to 
not influence your hopefully innocent values and codex's. You have heard it 
before, but it is really for you own good. You must not let this odd outlook 
on women influence Your mind.

Please note that this is a fantasy that does not show my basically 
humanistic view in life. I'm a believer in equality between the sexes, 
except in role-plays.

Stigman38




****************************
By Stigman38

The High Tech Trained Girl 1

This is an occasionally poor translation from another language than English. 
So if You choose to read it you have to handle that fact.
I presume that you are not a minor and if so you must stop reading now to 
not influence your good values and codex. It is for you own good.


************************************************************************

My brother Robert had proposed me for a place at the Company. I was in 
between jobs so perhaps it could fit me as well. He knew my nature and 
values and I knew his. We are all the same.

I had been at the Company for an interview and I was hired.
But before that they let me sign a covenant for my promise of secrecy.

The next day Robert took me to the Company and gave me round tour.

In the cellar of the big house were fifteen small cells and nearly each of 
them was occupied by a captive young woman. They were really good locking 
creatures all of them.

In every cell we passed by the girl inside rose to her feet and facing us 
and stretched her naked body, put her hand behind her neck, showing of her 
breasts and had her feet parted and her mouth invitingly open as if she was 
preparing her self to give us a blow job. Many of the girls were already 
standing in this pose when we came up to the bar door and looked inside.

Robert told me that the girls must stand in this position when the heard or 
catch sight of a man. The posture was an "I'm waiting for Your command" 
attitude.

All the girls were in different levels of their training and they were 
placed in their cells in that order. The beginners in the cells with the 
highest number and most far away from the entrance
and vice versa.
Number 15 was empty for the moment and was waiting for next newcomer. At the 
same time # 1 was ready for her exam and was going to be transported to the 
auction. Often the girls were spoken for month ahead and some of them were 
already sold to a now owner. But still the have to go through the training 
program.

Number 1 to 11 was so much trained that they could be used by the men for 
their pleasure and orgasms. But if the men had special desires they better 
use # 1 to # 6 instead. This girls were so much at their destination in 
their training that they would be prepared for any kind of use of their 
bodies and skills.

He stressed that all of the girls must before they came here been through 
the manipulation to decrease their minds and ability to think methodically 
and straight. After this operation they were very easy to handle and they 
execute every order without of the ability to value it of their own. They 
just do as they were told and were very happy and satisfy themselves with 
it.

There was no way for them to have a thought of protest or to be stubborn in 
any form.

They often were thinking of their tasks as a honorably work that must be 
done and there were put in their minds a proud ness in doing a good job and 
also a proud ness to be chosen for it. It was so easy for them to just do as 
they were told and nothing more to it.

"So if you need a simply blow job you can choose any of the girls in cell No 
1 to 12. The lower cell number the better performance is done."

"Do you mean that I could do it now, bro?"

"Yes, if You want to. Be my guest! By the way: The order word for it is 
simply "SUCK!" perhaps if you want to use "KNEEL!" before it's OK."

I look at the girls in the cells and my eyes were capture of a dark beauty 
in cell No 6.
Six for sex I thought for my self.

I didn't need more incitement from him so I open up the bar door and went in 
to her.
She was standing in this "ready" position and turned her face and front to 
me as I moved in.

"Yes Master!"

I looked directly at her mouth and saw that her tongue was put forward so I 
could see deep in her throat. I could detect a smile at her face as if she 
was happy that I came in to her cell or perhaps that I had chosen her before 
the others.

"KNEEL!"

She knelt so quick that I couldn't perceive her movement just that she was 
kneeling before me and still had her wide open mouth in front of my crutch 
and still had her hands behind her neck.

"SUCK!"

As if her decreased mind waited for this instruction her hands open up my 
zipper and took out my throbbing dick. She moved her head forwards and 
started to suck me as I never had been sucked before. She had a technique 
like a pro, not that I had used a pro, but I could imagine.

I look down at her face and could see that she looked as if she was happy to 
do me. It took only a minute and a half for me to let it go and I sprayed it 
into her receiving and still sucking mouth.

In contrary to my girlfriend she swallowed my cum directly and I needed not 
to argue or try to persuade for her to do it. She just swallowed my cum and 
then she started to clean my dick with her tongue and kissed at it as if 
this was the most natural way in the world to handle a dick and its 
disposal. And I wish for that it was.

If I understood my bro right I could now had my dick blown off when ever I 
wanted it so I had no further use for my girlfriend from now on.
But before I broke up with her I must first be make sure of my access of 
girlish flesh here and that everything was as my bro promises.


Further down and in the line of the cell corridor there was a big room.

In this room was one girl under training. Robert told me she was a beginner. 
And we went in to watch.

Julia was a beautiful girl at her early twenties. My brother Robert told me 
she was retarded to a 5 to 8 years old girl in her head, but her body 
definitely pointed at twenty-four. Or should I say that her ability to think 
properly had been decreased.

Correct me if I'm wrong but I thought that one usually could look at a 
person to see if the were mentally retarded or so. But not in this case. She 
had been brought backwards mentally by some mysterious technique.

Robert told me that she had been an ordinary girl from a high school just 
some weeks before this transformation and just before she came to this High 
Tech Company. The Company club had specialised on kidnapping young suitable 
girls, turn them into super submissive slaves and then sale them to there 
new owners not only in the States but all over the world.  After that the 
rest of the world had forgotten them, they had no relatives when they were 
chosen.

One of the Masters estimated the selling amount to over one million US 
dollars.

For that sum their new owners got a slave girl who was doing exactly what 
she was told, had no values of her own and was not even able to refuse 
anything at all.
She was one hundred percent loyal and faithful and had nothing else but her 
Masters or Mistress will and welfare in her mind. She had also stamina out 
over the ordinary.

The girls had been tested in their obedience by the instruction to whip 
themselves as hard as their Master wanted and kept at it as long as he 
wanted, he also steered were for her to strike.

Their stamina had been tested in giving hours and hours of mouth service and 
six hours of constantly tongue service at a mans rectum.

This long term tongue service was not so popular among the Masters because 
the man was often irritated and sometimes sore at the mucous membrane at his 
anus after having a soft tongue working in and out for so many hours only 
stopping for licking around the entrance and at his crack.


Back to Julia:

He didn't say why she now was retarded. And I didn't remember to ask. My 
eyes and my mind were fully occupied by the naked girl.

She was 172 (5 feet 8 inch) blond, rather thin girl, with blue eyes; great 
breasts and a nice bottom with distinct buttocks were You could see the 
muscles.   Yes, she was a real cock teaser.  She was sitting at "easy sit" 
on her butt with her legs up against her chest and with her arms wrapped 
around them. She looked down at the floor.

She was completely naked except for an 5 cm (2 inch) collar in black leather 
with some metal rings attached to it.

Bro told me that he had not been there from the beginning of her training 
but had followed her after her ninth day.

But let's go back a week in time.

He proudly explains the training. The goal was to break the girl down, 
mostly with pain,
using ultra high Technique with electrodes.  In her first day at this place 
a doctor had administer a general anaesthetic on her. He had several small 
tubes not more than 9 mm wide and 20 mm long and he had implanted them 
subcutaneous (just under the skin) in a fat area close to the nerve centres 
beside her rectum, both sides of clitoris, both her inner thighs,  in the 
base of both her breasts,  in the both side muscles of her neck. All the 
tubes were remote guided by remote control and operating at a range of 6 to 
11 meter (18 to 33 feet).

After this operation they had her under tranquillizer during the three days 
for the cut to heal. They had also increased the healing process by some 
kind of ultra sound or light.

This last procedure was for her to not know what the have done to her.

The technical thought was to stimulate those different parts of her body by 
either positive stimulation of mild extreme high frequency of electric 
chocks that of the body and brain translated as heavenly pleasure or give 
her punish through strong electric shocks that cause her unbearable pain.

They could all be combined or work separately and were controlled by the 
portable remote controller or at the control panel at a cart in the room.

She didn't know this but in a circle outside of the house they had dig down 
a cable that started all the hidden electronic tubes under her skin and gave 
so much pain that she would go unconscious even before she came close to it. 
This was to prevent her and others from escape.

In her cell they had put up a paper for her to ponder over. It says that she 
was prisoner to the Company, that she must obey every command she got. She 
was warned that they could inflict unbelievably pain to her from a remote 
control and that she should feel the pain from all over her body. It ensured 
her that she was going to long for the whip lashes instead of this pain.

The text also predicted that she was going to obey what ever she was told to 
do, not only that, she was going to beg the to let her obey them.

There was a frankly and straight presentation of her future. She was first 
to be trained in strict obedience and trained to perform acts that assured 
her future owner full sexual stimuli from her at their own choice. After she 
had passed her exam with flying colours she was to put on auction and sold 
to her new owner. He or she could do exactly what they wanted with her, and 
also sell her to another owner or kill her.
In the senses that she was to be slave in all the rest of her life.

She had laughed when she read it. If she had known what was in store for 
her, her laugh had gotten stuck in her throat.

My own reaction when I heard this was what gives one person the right to 
think he is superior to another person and have the right to enslave her?
But some dark and hidden part in my mind gave them right as long as it was 
women who were enslaved.

En man in black uniform and a whip hanging from his belt stepped into her 
cell and told her that he was her Master and Trainer. She must obey him in 
his every command if she knows what was best for her, he added.

She started to scream and shout at him and demanded to be set free.

He produced a remote control and pushed a button.
It give her painfully jolt after jolt of different intensity and duration. 
She remember that the paper said that it was a unbearably pain and that was 
no understatement.

She screamed loudly and thrown her self onto the floor and roll around in 
the greatest pain she had ever know in her life. She had already decided 
that she should resist any try to break her.
But this decision lasted only 5 to 10 seconds when she understood that this 
pain she could not bear a second more. Anything but this! Anything.

She beg him to stop, she demanded him to stop it, but to no use.

After a short while she went inside herself in her pain and then he stopped 
it. She was still sobbing and her face was wet by tears.

He walked away into a big room and told her to follow him. She did but 
slowly.

He gave her short command.

"STAND UP"

She rose to her feet.

"NOT FAST ENOUGH"

Another jolt of long duration. She screamed her head off and in between her 
screams she started to promise to be quicker. The total pain in whole her 
body was so hair-raising and dreadful that there was nothing but this pain. 
It totally occupied her brain and mind. One second more and she would surely 
die. But she didn't.

"SIT"

She heard the voice and her brain told her to react quickly and she was 
quicker this time.

"NOT FAST ENOUGH"

"STAND"

She rose rapidly to her feet. She had terrified horror in her eyes when she 
saw him move his fingers to the button that causes her the pain.

"Please NO!"

But her plea was to no use.

Another jolt of shorter duration squashed her muscles and she could only 
scream and at the same time but also shout loudly.

"I give in. I will obey! Please. I will obey! I will do what ever You say!"

"SIT"

Now she threw her body down to sit on the floor.

"NOT FAST ENOUGH"

Now the panic in her eyes has grown to absolute horror and she thought her 
heart would stop.
Her eyes were fixed on his finger at the button.

She got jolt after jolt and beg of him to let her show how much quicker she 
could be at it. Her tears falls as raindrops over her face, but he didn't 
care. He had seen it before and he knew that as long as he stood firm he 
could make her perform better and better from time to time.

"I promise to obey You! Please!", she said

"Who am I?"

"Master, You are my Master, My trainer, Sir!"

"Don't ever let me correct You on that point again, slave"

"Master, No Master. I will remember. Please forgive me Master, Sir!"

"STAND"

She had only ONE thought in her head: TO OBEY HIM and do it as fast as 
possible.
Now she try to be even faster to stand exactly as he had told her.

"NOT FAST ENOUGH!"

"Please Sir, Master. I obey as fast as I can, Sir!"

The second after her body convulsed in spasm and chucked her body to the 
floor again.

"Please Sir. Let me show You how quickly I could do it!"

"Can You do it quicker?"

"Yes Sir, I truly can, Sir. I do it, Master!"

"So You didn't give Your best before?"

If she had been at her common sense she had detected that he teased her but 
now the only thought she could think of was how to please him to not punish 
her with that horrible mystical device.

"No, Sir. I do my very best now Master, please!"

"SIT!"

Whole her body was in for this motion and she sat down on the floor so you 
could hear the bang when her bone hit the floor.

The man with a whip in his hand corrected her and shown her how he wanted 
her to sit at his command. She adjusted her body position after his demands 
and soon she was sitting with her two feet on the floor, squatting with her 
knees widely apart, with her both hands behind her neck and keeping her 
balance. The sight of his black long whip was scaring for her but she was 
scared to death of the pain he could bring her by the electric equipment and 
she was ready to do what ever he wished for. This thought was the only in 
her head. How to make him pleased with her.

To be continued.




The High Tech trained girl

Part 2

(We are in the middle of an obedience training of the twenty-four years old 
girl Julia and
Master #1, Dieter is very much in command.
To make it easier for the readers to imagine the situation let me first 
describe Julia.
Slave girl # 14 Julia is a English girl,  24 y o. redheaded, 167 cm  (5 feet 
6 inches) light freckled all over her body,  but primarily on her face, 
breast and shoulders.  She has a very nice face or should I say delightful, 
full lips and a French nose and green eyes.)


"You will remember every little detail in my instructions. I warn you that I 
will punish even the smallest mistake from you. Now you must learn how to 
stand in the way that I want you!"

"STAND"

She rose quickly to her feet, driven of her electric fear and stood at 
attention with her arms at her sides and waited for his next order.

She adjusted her body position after his instructions, standing with her 
feet apart 65 cm, (2 feet) with both her hands behind her neck and her 
elbows pointing straight out at her sides. He also wanted her mouth to be 
open and the tip of her tongue resting on her lower lip.

"This is the ORDER POSITION or STAND and in this position you will always 
wait for further instructions. You better not forget that, if you know 
what's good for you - and very bad" He added.

"Yes Master!"

"You must remember that you are always waiting for orders and instructions 
when ever you have a male in your view or at hearing range. What do you do 
than?"

"Master, I will stand in this position, Sir!"

"If Your Master or Mistress or I are in the range of an arm length from you, 
you will also stand on tiptoes and be sure to keep your balance. Do you 
understand me?"

"Yes Master, Sir. I understand and I will obey!"

He could detect the open panic in her eyes and he had seen that look over 
and over again in the eyes of the slave girls he trained and he loved it.
It was the fear of getting an electric jolt from the devices. He knew that 
the girls would do absolutely anything to avoid that jolt and still he was 
generous with it.
He loved the feeling of that he had their every movement in his hand and at 
his will.
With this special electric punishment he could makes those slave girls to do 
wonders in
their strive to make him pleased with them.

He told her also that she must remember every little detail so she directly 
could take the required position as soon as she heard the order.  Next day 
she had to learn new positions but to day he would alternate STAND and SIT.

"Listen very carefully! I don't want you to obey these commands I want your 
body to react to and obey them. Therefore I must train the commands in to 
your spinal marrow for it to react on. But perhaps you must help your body 
in the beginning of the training program."

He kept his promises. In totally four full hours he walked around the girl 
and ordered her body in those two positions and kept punishing her for every 
small fault he judge her to make.

She found that sometimes it went very good for her and she got everything 
right in position after position and then she came in to a suite of failing 
all the times.
Every time it was some small detail she didn't remember. But in all it went 
better and better for her. She noticed soon that when she just let her body 
automatically follow his order it went much better.

She kept her eyes on him in her strive to anticipate his next order and it 
was not strictly STAND, SIT, STAND, SIT, STAND, SIT, STAND, SIT

He often broke the suite by repeat two or three SIT after another. In the 
beginning her body was on its way up, but she soon learn that it was he who 
decided what she had to do and not she herself in her eager to anticipate 
his commands.

Very soon she must give him right in that her body had learned to react to 
the two commands. Sometimes she was unsure what he had said and feared that 
he would punish her, but found that her body had got it right.

After an hour of intensive training whole her body shined of sweat and he 
still kept her at her tip toes all the time. No time to rest, just to obey 
him and do it quicker and quicker. She did!
She was totally exhausted but must strain herself to full alert to follow 
his commands. She had no way to escape so she must stay and make him pleased 
with her.

In order to make her perform her very best and sometimes much beyond that he 
use his whip and his electric equipments frequently. For every time he used 
it on her she increased her efforts. She could feel her whole body follow 
his order more obediently than you could see in a well trained dog.

Sometimes she could feel her mind flow away during her body obeyed him 
automatically.
As in a distance she heard his voice; STAND, SIT, STAND and she felt her 
body move.

"You may decide when you are tired yourself, but I decide when you may rest 
and until then
you move!"

She hated him but at the same time she deeply depended upon him to avoid the 
awful pain. Her brain, mind, soul, body has his complete attention in all 
meanings. Even though she hated him she also strained to make him pleased 
with her in any way.  It was a strange mixture of intensive killing hate and 
fear and eager to please.

He increased his demands on her. Quicker and quicker more and more perfect 
in every small details of her body positions. She had to following him. She 
Must. She had no one to turn to but him. He was her only option.

Sometimes she perceived that there were other persons, other men, in the 
room and watching her obedience training but there was no way for her to 
reflect on it. Her Training Master had all her attention. Every movement her 
body did was directed by him. She couldn't afford to feel herself humiliated 
by others eyes watching or him looking at her exposed body parts. There was 
no time for it.

One could see that he was amused and thrilled by the situation. As 
Headmaster he was the one who was responsible for the initiated breaking and 
ground training of all the new girls. He had done it many times before with 
other girls and he knew how much they hated him and though they had to 
strive to please him in every small detail. How they strive to be quicker 
and quicker in rate with him punishing them. And later their fear of being 
punished was enough, but he must from time to time give them a reminder. 
Sometimes when he punished her with the jolts he admitted for himself that 
he felt sorry for her but there was no way to let it influence his acting. 
This was his work and his assignment. "A man has to do what a man has to 
do!"

The Swedish slave girl # 13, Linda, who he had broken before Julia had 
suddenly when she was in sitting position and he was standing right before 
her thrown herself forwards him and started to loudly lick at his bulking 
trousers in her try to reach for his dick. It was more an act to show him 
her ultimate submission and that she would do absolutely anything he asked 
for, but of course she was ready to perform fully if he gave her the chance.

He loved her thinking. She had offering him her mouth, tongue and cervix. He 
could feel that she offer him so much blow jobs that it could had filled his 
demands for years to come. But on the other hand he knew that he could get 
as much as he wanted of that kind of girlish acting from her and anyone of 
the other girls when ever he wanted to.

He know that she now was at the edge of giving him a limitless and total 
pleasure from her mouth that she probably never had offered a man before in 
her lifetime. He was sure that she could delivery to him endless and maximal 
pleasure for hours and hours or the time he decided.

But he also knew that she had broken the main rule; just obey and show no 
initiative herself. In this cellar it is the man who decides what is going 
to happen and she is the one to execute his demand and make it happen. So he 
had to punish her methodically and hard. Even if he didn't really wanted to, 
but it was the backside of the work and that was what he was paid for.

He told her that it was not for her to offer anything to a Master and that 
he could use her mouth when ever and as long as he wanted and then she had 
better give her very best. Now she must be punished for her initiative and 
she could hope that he in the future would take use of her mouth so she 
could show him her complete affection for him. It must be crystal clear to 
her mind that she was in no position to offer that he already own.

"Do You understand this?"

"Yes Master. I'm so sorry Master. I will never in my life disobey you again, 
Sir!"

"Your deeply meant apology is accepted and now "JUDGE!"

"Judge" was the command for a position when she bended over at her waist and 
with her legs one metre (3 feet) apart and with her hands flat on the floor. 
In this pose she had to wait for him to punish her, mostly on her butt and 
she must also wait until he ordered her to stand up again. When he did she 
was punished enough.

She bended over and waited.

He raised his whip and ordered her:

"COUNT!"

You understood. She must now very loudly count for every strike that hit her 
butt. The command also included that she must thank him for educating her.

It was a bit different from Master to Master, but this Master #1 required 
that she persuade him that she really meant it that she was sorry.

"ONE! Thank You Master. To make me understand your rules!"

Lash after lash strike her now sore butt and her mind was fixed at her fear 
that he could decide that she had counted wrongly so she must start from ONE 
again. She knew that she had no right to expect it to be fare play; instead 
it was his moods that draw all the standards in the room.

She felt sorry for herself. All this was just for her action in which she 
wanted to show him her totally submission to him, by offering her mouth, 
only for his pleasure, not for her.

Giving a man her head was not anything that came easily for her, it was her 
ultimate humiliation before a man and she had done it not more than five 
times in her life and all those times she had been forced or blackmailed to 
do it. She clearly knew that this was something she must accept to do on 
demands in her future and when she gave her Master her offer it was her way 
to show him that she now was ready to submit to even that.

"TWENTY FIVE. Thank You Master. I will never do that again. I'm truly sorry 
Sir! I will always wait for You to order me, do it, Master."

He stopped and ordered:

"STAND!"

She rose directly and even if her hands wanted to go down to alleviate the 
smarting pain at her butt she didn't dare to. Instead she raised them to her 
neck and felt the burn and heat on her now striped bottom.

Still he kept her offering in his mind. This offer was something between 
voluntariness and compulsion, even if there was a great dose of force upon 
her mind through her soft skin.
He had studied how a victim behaved in her interaction with her torture 
Master. There is also international example in the "Stockholm syndrome". A 
very strange reaction from a victim, but it is logically as well, when the 
victim has no one to turn to but her torture Master and the only thing for 
her to do is to make him pleased with her, especially when she is totally at 
his mercy and in that way escape from to much pain.

Dieter thought of another girl before her. She had more carefully given him 
the same signal. When she was commanded "SIT" she obeyed and open up her 
mouth looking his crotch and played and waved with her tongue outside her 
lips. It was very clear that even she offered him her mouth to enjoy and use 
as much as he wanted.

Anything in this room was as much as he wanted.

The slave girls were allowed absolutely no will at all. In this room there 
was only his will that existed. That slave girl's offer came in her 3: rd 
hour and she was completely worn out and perhaps she had got a glimmer of a 
way to let her body rest for the time it took her to make him cum.  He had 
also kept that offer in his mind but didn't give in for it. Her 
contravention was obvious but it didn't call for punishment so he just 
raised his finger in a warning gesture and she stopped immediately and 
looked shamefaced.

+

Now Julia must be closing up to that point as the other girls give him their 
offers. He waited and observed her when he was moving in the room and around 
his victim. Sometimes he shouted out his order "STAND" or "SIT" and 
sometimes only whispers it out to make the girl strain her ears to obey him. 
In the end of the last hours of her training he tried to use the three of 
her five senses; ears, eyes, touch. The touch he used when he sneaked up 
behind her to make her order position added with her tiptoes "when he was in 
an arm length distance from her".

He really enjoyed the situation when he had the girls in the 3: rd and 4: th 
hours. Then they were so eager to obey his slightest sign or whisper and 
that they were on their toes all the time.

He loved this initial training in breaking the girls will down completely 
and apply his own will to them. To etch in his will deeply in their minds.

He had applied for a later training task but had cancelled it again when he 
found out that this was the best part for him. He so enjoy to break the 
girls and let them raise again at his pace and at his terms and made them so 
super obedient that he felt that they would denied him nothing and that they 
really wanted to put their soul and body in all their actions for him.

And then as the Headmaster he could go and try any training station he 
wanted.

Not only obey him but also do more than their very best in their obedience. 
He loved when he felt that he move their limits far from where they thought 
themselves having them from the beginning.
He loved it, really loved and it felt so good in his whole body, when the 
slave girls strain every nerves for him and strive to obey him so much as 
they exterminate every trace of their own will - for him. He had learned to 
observe (or felt in the air) when they had travelled so far on that trace 
that they really was thinking only of him and his best and repressed their 
own feelings and needs. He thought that he could detect when they deep in 
their minds felt that there was only him in the room and that they were his 
tools do use as he liked and furthermore that they was convinced and deeply 
happy with it.

One of his magical words was: "NOT FAST ENOUGH" and he knew how effective 
those words were together with the real PAIN as he could bring them by the 
electronic device.

He also knew that it must be repeated time after to time in spite of that 
they really exert themselves to obey him. This method burned itself into 
their minds.

The pedagogical signal to the girl was their new thoughts; "I must strive to 
obey him and always do my very best and a bit more. I must be very quick to 
execute his orders and by that avoid the terrible pain. I know he is looking 
for it so he must not detect any hesitation at all on my part. I must learn 
to Love him as my God."

To increase those new thoughts he had them kneeling before a mirror and 
repeat those lines.
"I'm just a slave girl and Masters Tool.
I must strive to obey Master and always do my very best and a bit more.
I must always continue to execute Master's order until he orders me to stop.
I must be very quick to execute Master's orders and by that avoid the 
terrible pain.
I must not show any hesitation at Master's order.
I must learn to Love Master as my God."

He had detected difference in behaviour at the slave girls who had repeated 
those words to the mirror in hours and the girls who had not.

The ground training thought is easy to understand:
How much you strive to obey it is not enough and even when you do better and 
better it is still not enough. You are rigorously punished every time and 
you can't escape from your torture Master so the only way to avoid that pain 
is to make him pleased with you. When he finely let you pass you are totally 
grateful over all limits and the gratitude just make you strive to keep him 
pleased with You.

He often walked around his victims to look at them from different angels and 
to enjoy as much as possible of the whole breaking situation and he knew all 
the different levels their minds went through.

He loved the God power in whispering a soft command and the naked girl 
immediately execute his wish and put her body in the position that he asked 
for. She was all the time afraid that he should criticize any part of her 
behaviour. It was up to him to remark at some detail in her posture if he 
wanted to and often he felt he had to remark on something.


She had no one to turn to for appeal against his judgement, no one at all, 
but him. So if he said that she must put her legs more parted than last time 
he corrected her, she must do so and also remember this new position to next 
time he ordered it.
In that way he sometimes change his earlier order to new ones and she must 
follow him no matter what she remember from last time. This small changing 
was a way for him to testing the girls. They must not complain about that he 
earlier had something else. They must only obey. He was the one who makes 
the rules and he was also the one who changed them.

He knew that when the girl reaches this point and he could see on her body 
language that she just adjusted herself after his new will without of any 
trace of protest then she accepted him as her Master to do with her as he 
pleased. And also that there was no need for fair play only his will existed 
in the room.

In the 4:th hour he could see that Julia exert herself to the outermost. He 
felt himself tired of just walk around her and produce orders after his own 
head and he could understand that she must be over the edge of losing her 
consciousness. But she still moved at his command and did obey him.

At last for her he decided that the training was enough for this time.

In her order position he ordered her to go in the direction of her cell. She 
kept her hand behind her neck unsure of take them down or keeping them there 
she took the safe before the unsafe.

He had detected her uncertainty and outside of the cell he told her that 
under executing another order she should not keep her hands at her neck, 
only in the order position when she waited for his order. She confirmed him 
in a humble tone of voice.

He opened the bar door to her cell and sign for her to go in. She took the 
order position in one of the corners of the cell and was facing him.

He closed the bars door and told her to go to bed and cover herself with the 
blanket.

He could detect how grateful she was when she said:

"Thank You Master and thank You for training me!"

She couldn't believe she said that, but she did and in some sense she meant 
it.

+

When Dieter, on his way to the staff dining room and passed one of the small 
training rooms he saw Daniel (M #3) working in a room with slave girl #2 and 
thought for him self that M #3 was a good Master. He not only did his duty, 
he also develop and tried new ideas and had a very pedagogical way of 
thinking rather like his own.

One of Dieter's duties was to supervise the other Masters since he was the 
Headmaster and also to grade them.

+

Only he and his second man; M #2 was allowed to bring the girls outside of 
the house and the both were very familiar with the security system. There 
must be absolutely no chance for a girl to escape and jeopardize the whole 
organization. It was not even thinkable.

There was not risk at all because they were more then careful and far-seeing 
and must predict every thinkable possibility of escape. It very seldom 
happened that the girls were brought outside the house except for the two or 
three slave girls at the highest level of training. They must be tested in 
not trying to escape outside of the house security zone. That was part of 
their finely tests before the auction.

Dieter alone decided when this tests was going on and he was responsible for 
all the security actions during it and he could the engaged as many of the 
other Masters as he judge requisite. The other Masters had no problem with 
that and they were told a week before so the could adjust it to their own 
schedule.

+

If anyone of the Masters wanted to sleep with a slave girl in more ordinary 
way there were two small and secured apartments in the house with kitchen, 
living room, bathroom and large bedroom and there were also a set of hidden 
video cameras to watch over the slave girls and observe their reactions when 
they thought that they were close to freedom.
There was sometimes a window open so you could see out over the garden; only 
1 metre (3 feet) down, as if accidental, but planned of course.
Outside the electronic security field just waited to make a runaway 
unconscious.
In order to evaluate their training levels this was a good opportunity for 
observation.

It had not happened yet but it was statistically bound to happen.

+

The Company paid Dieter 5.000 US dollars per month as senior and Headmaster, 
M #2 had a salary of 4.500 dollars and the others had 4.000 dollars per 
month and there was another 10.000 a year in bonus if everything went 
smoothly. The possibility to use almost all the girls for their on pleasure 
was not a bonus it was a duty as the Company was expected from each of them 
to deepening the obedience training of the slave girls.

Before anyone could be hired they must go through a medical VD test and 
examination. There must not be any kind of diseases in the house. Regularly 
drug tests were also on the schedule.

In this light was the urgently request from the Company understandable, that 
the Masters should have all their sex with the tested slave girls and no 
casual sex.

The Chairman often said:
"You should use the slave girls in any way You want, at any time and as long 
as You want and as many on the same time as You want, as long as You keep 
Your sexual activities inside the house. We can't afford to have any 
diseases in here."

Dieter was convinced of that all the Masters were loyal to the company 
request.

The real problem reveals itself when a Master for one reason or another 
wanted to end his employment at the Company.  This has to be handle by the 
board itself and
Professional secrecy was secured and both the person in question and the one 
who had suggested him were at risk.
Master # 7 George, my predecessor, was ill and would not occasion any 
problem for the board. Robert told me that he would probably get a good 
pension.


Master #1 took a quick cop of coffee and leaved the house. He was going to a 
pub later in the evening with his mates.

To be continued.

Stigman38




The High Tech Trained Girl.

Author: Stigman38

Part 3

In the pub Dieter found himself thinking of Julia, but he didn't know why. 
He thought that he had broken her will completely but she had not tried to 
offer her body to him in return for some relief in his punishment and 
training. At her age she must have known what she had to offer and what men 
wanted, but she had not done it. He was puzzled. Was she a proud girl? In 
some strange way he felt offended by her stubbornness to not break the rule. 
At the same time he praised her. And he  knew that he had to punish her if 
she did.

In his eyes that make her future offer so much more valued. In spite of the 
unbearable pain he had inflicted on her body she didn't gave in, but she 
gave him all her body movements and her instantaneous obedience.

He liked that girl, yes. But still she was not for him, more than to play 
with and train of course. He was sure that he right now could make her to 
perform any sexual act he wanted. But not by her free will, if it was free 
will. And not at her own initiative, that was not allowed for her.

In his mind it all ended in a psychological sumersault.

He had always started to investigate the girls and looked in their files to 
better understand the slave girl and her background and qualification and so 
he had done now as well.
The girls were captures by different methods and there were used different 
baits.

Julia had answered on an advertisement to a training-course for girls who 
wanted to be married to millionaires or business executive and to be trained 
in ethics and how to act and move in the high society.

Well, that was not the whole truth of the Company and its motives, but a 
whore is a whore not matter what.

He also knew that many of the girls had applied for courses to be 
photographer's model or actors. In all those courses there was a natural 
demand of good looking girls and girls who had no boyfriends and no 
engagement.

That's why so many good looking girls ended up in the cells in the cellar.

+++

Tomorrow she will learn new commands "BACK" and he would love to see her 
lying on the floor on her back with her legs up against her armpits and 
widely separated, with her hands under her neck completely at his mercy and 
display. He could feel his cock being rock hard when he thought of himself 
going around the girl and tapping with the whip on her inner thighs and 
making them so much apart as he wanted. Her whole pussy was for him to play 
with or to tap on with the whip. Perhaps he should use the riding whip 
instead, it was more rigid if he wanted it in her vagina or her rectum.  She 
could do absolutely nothing more than let him play with her body as he 
wanted and must keep her legs out of his way.

If he wanted he could fuck her or let her suck him. But that would be giving 
in and breaking training rhythm.

He should also trained her in the command word "FOUR" when he wanted her on 
all four with her legs widely parted, her behind before him,  her mouth 
open, her head up and she was looking straight forward.
He could alternate between having her back straight and curved inwards.
In this last position her pussy would show between her legs and he should 
have her anus displayed for his inspection.

He should alternate between "STAND", "SIT", "BACK" and "FOUR" and if there 
was time for it another new one; "OPEN".

At this last command word she had to stretch her arms down to her pussy and 
open it up with her fingers.

If he gave that order in combination with "BACK" it was easy for her, but if 
he gave it when she was in the "FOUR" position she must learn to rest her 
body weight on her head, with her forehead against the floor to get her 
hands free and open up her pussy for him to see and enjoy her pink inside.

He thought of the question if it was her pussy at all or it belonged to him. 
It was fixed at her body, yes, but the full power over its use belong to 
him. He could do what ever he wanted with that pussy, without of killing 
her, but the step up to that was far away. He had also the power of how she 
must use her pussy muscles, so it belonged to him, even if she didn't 
understood it complete yet. "But she will!" He ensured himself and ordered 
one more beer even if he felt his arms being unwieldy.

Later in her training she must learn how to use her vaginal muscle in a 
flowing motion from its entrance to its bottom and womb. They had very good 
electronic equipment for that training and he wanted to master that training 
with her, even if it was on another Masters time schedule.

Every commanded body position must be held until a new order is given. So he 
could let her lie on the floor and open up her pussy for him in minutes or 
hours if he wanted. He felt the alcohol loosing up his brain.
And he could just observe that she didn't loosen the labia hold with her 
fingers. His cock was now more than rock hard when he thought of making her 
be lying for so long time that she went dry in her pussy. Just for him.  He 
could just extend the training hours from four to five or six if he wanted.

His cruel and power seeking mind thrilled him with the thought of letting a 
fly loose in the room and waiting for it to find the wide open target. 
Perhaps he could use some molasses put on the right spot to help it to find 
its way or his way.

He knew she must be still and at his attention what ever he does with her 
and how ever cruel he was.

+++

He decided to leave the pub. His dick was so hard that he must release its 
tension so he went back to his working place and let him self in with his 
keys and codes.

He turned on the light and went down to the cellar and the cells. He heard 
that the girls in the cells stood up and when he approached he could se them 
in that offering position inside of the bar doors.

He choose cell # 3 and open the bar door. This naked slave girl had not 
reacted at his turning on the light and was close to sleeping, but when he 
rattle with lock she wake up and quickly rose to her feet and let her arms 
rush up to her neck and her feet apart and stretch up her body in the 
position that she has been learnt the hard way. She was almost still 
sleeping and tired. But her eyes were glued to him and she saluted him by 
the requested:

"Yes Master!"

In the meaning of: "I'm waiting for Your order of what to do. I'm prepared 
to do anything you want me to with no hesitation."

It wasn't up to her to know that she should do anything for him. He was the 
one who had to decide what was going to happen in the small room. So a "Yes 
Master!" was enough on her part just to announce that she was ready for him, 
what ever he decided.

If he wanted her to do anything he would told her so and she was the one who 
must execute his order. In the same time she felt proud that he had picked 
out her instead of one of the other girls, she was used to that the Masters 
came down to the cells in the evenings and nights to be relieved in 
different ways, but mostly by a quick and effective blow job.

But most of alla she was afraid of that she had not being quick enough from 
her bed, knowing that Master was very exacting there were to be a punishment 
for her slowness.

"KNEEL!"

The short but distinct order made her fall to her knees with a stress at 
fall. You could hear her knee bones hit the concrete floor. And you would 
think "OUCH!"  That must hurt!

For the poor girl it was not an option to give sounds for her hurting 
knee-caps. She had been trained in her earlier days by this Master so she 
had learned the very hard way to obey his smallest sign and do anything 
faster than quickly. She also remembers in her dreams that she had longed 
for him in some masochistic way.

Now he was here. She had no idea of what time it was in the night. She just 
had to wake up when he came into her cell and wait for his order.
Now on her aching knees she could easily guess that he wanted to enjoy her 
mouth but it wasn't up to her to make a move before she was told to. This 
man had surprised her before in his demands, but not now.

"SUCK!"

This was a well known order. She had done this up to ten times before to day 
and she knew that she must give her very best every time. And now with this 
Master she knew that she had to cross even that line. She must do better 
that her best. He was the one who moved the girls limits, said the word.

She also remembered that he wanted her tongue to be moving all the time and 
make the main part of the massage job. And then he wanted to finish off by 
deep throating her and she must be careful to take a deep breath before she 
felt him going deep. She knew he didn't care if she had a blackout from luck 
of air, she must massage him with her throat as much as she could and to top 
of that let the tip of her tongue touch his scrotum when he was deep.

The last time she had a queasy feeling she couldn't remember. Sucking a man 
off had been her second nature and she knew she was good at it. But this 
Master demanded the tip of her tongue tickle at his testicles when he was 
down her throat and that was hard, but he got it every time without of 
saying so, nowdays.

At his order she throw her hands up to the fly of his trousers and unzip 
him, taking out his hard and demanding dick, throw her head forwards and 
started to stimulate him with her tongue and lips. She moved he tongue 
forwards and back as quickly as she could and she remember in her head him 
saying "NOT FAST ENOUGH" and then giving her jolt after jolt making her die 
every time. No matter how fast she did what she was told to, it was never 
"FAST ENOUGH" for him. With this in her mind she started with her highest 
tongue speed so he wouldn't gave her the jolt pains. She couldn't se him 
having the remote control but couldn't risk that he had it in his pocket.

Last time she had to serve him with her mouth he had her working at it in 
half an hours at least but this time he was ready to release himself after 
just some minutes. She manage to get air through her nose before he pressed 
his dick down her throat with no warning at all.

She was there just to serve him and had no right to any warning but she got 
enough air supply to give him maximal massage down throat before and during 
his spraying. And even this time she remembers to serve his testicles as 
well.

Afterwards he sat down at her bed and let her keep his dick in her mouth and 
order her to start licking and stimulate him with her tongue again.

He let her work at him with her tongue for another ten minutes before he 
stopped her. Then he stood up and took of his trousers and lied down on his 
back at her hard bed. She took immediately her waiting position still on her 
knees but with her both hands clasped behind her neck. Her full breast was 
in his view but didn't distract him at this point. Now he only wanted to 
feel her tongue and lips and throat on his dick again and for a long time so 
he could first feel relaxed in his whole body and then reloading.

It will continue in the pace of translating.





The High Tech trained girl

Part 4


He knew who was responsibly for this tension in his body and he started to 
make plans for his work to morrow with Julia. Why could he not keep her from 
his mind and thoughts? After all she was only just another slave girl, one 
of the many he had seen passed by in this cellar. But still.....

"SUCK!"

"Yes Master!"

She moved quickly down to her new working place and placed her knees between 
his legs, to bend over and started to let him enjoy her tongue and lips. She 
didn't know that he had plans for her to keep stimulating him for hours.
She was a bit tired but knew that she could only sleep when he decide it was 
time for her to do so, even though she would have her full training hours to 
morrow.

If she had knew that he had planned her in for hours she could have tried to 
move her tongue a little more slowly but she didn't and soon she found out 
that her self chosen pace was to tiring for her. But what could she do? If 
she slowed down he would perhaps produce the remote control from his pocket 
and then she was in for pain out of this world. Her whole body remembered it 
well, too well.
And she felt the contraction of fear in her body, just thinking of this 
indescribably pain. It must not happen what ever it takes from her to 
prevent it. So she tried to keep the pace with her tongue and it went better 
when she didn't think about it.

He felt more relaxed now and just closed his eyes and felt her tongue moving 
rapidly and as fast as he had taught her. Good! He wondered how long she 
could keep up that rate. He could feel he started to go hard again and he 
ordered her:

"DOWN!"

In a split second she pulled her head down over him and his dick went deep 
down there in her throat. By the hissing sound he heard from her he could 
understand that she was taking deep breaths through her nose.

After a short visit in her throat he let her start sucking him again and 
massaging him with her tongue.

He was thinking of Julia again.

Perhaps an ordinary man would have had bad conscience of thinking of one 
girl at the same time he was using another girl's mouth, but in this house 
it was very much allowed.
The slave girl, with her mouth around his dick, had nothing to do with whom 
he was thinking of when she worked at his body for his pleasure. She should 
only do what she was told. And she did, in fact they all did.

Even if he has had Julia in the same room this slave girl would just do what 
he ordered her to.

She meant nothing to him. He didn't even care for her name. He had no use 
for her name. Number 3 was enough. She had only to do what he wanted her to 
and she would do it as perfect as she could and as willingly as she was 
capable of.

He knew that he hadn't had this logical and strict thinking about those 
slave girls before he started to work at this place. Instead he thought of 
him self as a gentle and tender lover for his females, but in here he had 
adopted the kind of thinking that has its place here, a manly egoistic and 
almost mechanical view of the slave girls in the cellar.

The slave girls were here to be trained and used for the amusement and 
pleasure of others than them self, to obey and execute given orders.
Their minds were also made so simple that it coincides with their own way of 
thinking. The slave girls have had a very short period of resistance before 
their plain minds accepted the fact that they were happy and content with 
their roles to obey as slave girls.

He had very often seen them show genuine gratitude to their Masters for 
training them and even using them in the ways that they were trained to. He 
had seen the slave girls trying to get in with their Master in showing their 
newly learned skills.

He thought that it was in a mixture of fear of punishment and eagerness to 
receive the acknowledgement in form of a  "Good girl" statement from their 
Masters.

One must understand that the slave girls were isolated from the real outside 
world and had their only input from their Masters and the other slave girls 
to compare with when large areas of their old memory was erased.

# 3 had a quick and soft tongue and perhaps he should find another use for 
it. He had always said "The Man's decision is one and his action is two". In 
this cellar it was truer than ever.

In here he had only to decide and order then the slave girls make it happen.

He told her to stop and she raised to her feet in a second and stood in the 
order position in the same cell corner as she started from. Her mouth was 
still invitingly open and her tongue now rested at her lower lip again. Her 
tongue was so still now that he had difficulty to think of its rapid 
movement's just seconds before.

The slave girl herself felt her tongue vibrate in small tics, as if it was 
after reactions of its earlier forced movements.

As a Headmaster he knew that he must adjust his demands to what the slave 
girl was trained to perform, that's why he usually picked out a slave girl 
from the low numbered cells. They were trained for almost anything.

He turned to his belly in her bed and put his legs apart. In an ordinary 
situation he had felt it embarrassing to do so in front of a girl, but she 
was just a slave girl.

When he had put himself in position he ordered:

"TONGUE!"

This command word was well known by this slave girl, who had been at the 
Company training in close to two month now. Tongue training was time 
scheduled in the sixth week.

She quickly transport herself over the room and again between his parted 
legs and in the same movement as she move her head down to his butt she took 
hold of his hard butt cheek muscles and carefully pull them aside and 
forwards her tongue to her dark little target. A target she now must massage 
and stimulate with her tongue for his pleasure.

She had absolutely no values of what she was about to do, more than this was 
an acting that she many times had been trained to perform on command.
Instead she focused on to do exactly as she, in detail, was taught to do at 
this order and perhaps to get a "Good girl!" from her Master.
The last recognition was nothing she could expect. She knew she must work 
hard for it and do more than her very best.
The Masters were different and this Master was not easy to please, that she 
knew.

She started to move her tongue quickly over the crack and around that hole, 
licking, touching and massaging at it with the tip of her tongue.

"IN!"

She sharpened her tongue and pressed it to the small hole and started to 
move it in and out to make it enter more and more. Moaning he move his 
bottom higher and up against her head and tongue to the point that he was on 
his knees but kept his head down.

She was careful not to break his enjoyment and kept pressing her sharpen 
tongue into the hole and out, in and out, in and out as fast as she could.

"HANDS!"

She understood and quickly moved her body weight backwards on her knees to 
keep her balance and took her both, now free, hands and hold on his dick and 
testicles. She strokes them gently but in different directions.

She started to massage at his dick with her right hand and tickle at his 
balls, below her chin, on the same time with her left hand. She wouldn't 
dare to interrupt those movements during her tongue worked in and out.
She kissed with her lips at his brown hole to rest her tongue for a second 
or more and then started to move her tongue in and out again. In his silence 
he accepted it. To rest her tongue for seconds she kept it still and rigid 
and moved her head instead.

She could hear him breath heavier and understood that he soon wanted to cum. 
He didn't give her any other order so she kept at her duties and increase 
the pace even more. To let him enjoy her handling him at the highest level 
was her doing and that could save her body from unwanted pain if he had the 
remote in his pocket and wanted to thank her, in this up-side-down-world, 
for her performance and on the same time encourage her to be quicker, more 
perfect, and more enjoyable next time by giving her some electric jolts. 
Next time was in the future. She had her moment now and so had he.

She moved her right hand quicker over his dick and tickled with her left 
hand fingers on the front of his bolls that were pressed to her chin and 
really moved her tongue in its in - out movements.

He released himself downwards the bed and she was ready to throw herself 
between his legs and under him to take his member in her mouth. She was just 
waiting for his order to do so, but it didn't came.

She had learned to slow down her pace when her Masters had released 
themselves and so she did. Now she waited for the order to remove her body 
or what to do next.

She know that the Masters never had thanked her no matter how much she has 
given and how much she had tried and strained herself for their pleasure and 
enjoyment. She was there for their pleasure and as a thanks they trained her 
to give more or stimulate her by pain to give much more next time. This was 
the only life she knew, now days. I her mind she had accepted it all the 
way.

She had been told that some other slave sisters had got a "Good girl", so 
she had still hope for that bonus of her own.

"STAND!"

As soon as she had moved he also rose from the bed, still thinking of Julia 
and watches the slave girl as she stood in her order position and waited for 
his next instruction.

When he left the bed she could see wet semen spots on her thin blanket and 
that his eyes stayed at them for a second. She didn't know that he still was 
thinking of Julia and didn't sew the wet smear of his sperm.

With a lightning speed she darted ahead and bent over the bed, pulls her 
head down to the stain and started to lick it up. She felt the blanket rough 
nap against her soft tongue but couldn't care. When she was ready she rose 
to her feet again and stood in the same posture and waited for his next 
move.

To be continued.




The High Tech trained girl

Part 5

He thought of his obsession and bewitchment by Julia. Why she? He wanted to 
see her again and got a new idea so he waved for the slave girl to follow 
him. She harried naked behind him with her hands behind her back when he 
went out of her cell and walked along the other cells in direction of 
Julia's cell in the other end of the corridor.

All of the slave girls had waked up when he came in to the cellar. They were 
all trained to wake if a man came outside of their cells in case he wanted 
something from them. When a Master had turned the light on in the corridor 
they didn't dare to get back to sleep in case they were needed.

He could see that several of the girls that weren't beginners already stood 
up in order position inside their cells and waited for a sign from the 
Master.

He open the bar door to Julia's cell and found to his little surprise that 
even she stood up in the same waiting position with her face and front to 
the Master.

He signed for her to come out of her cell and she did and run forwards and 
stood quickly at the middle of the corridor but in the same position as 
before.

She was a good and a quick learner. But on the other side it all depended on 
the standards the Masters put up.

He looked at slave girl # 3 and ordered:

"SUCK!"

The slave girl thrown herself on her knees in front of him took hold of his 
dick in the same movement as she bend her head and moved her face in front 
of it and capture it in her mouth and started to stimulate the Master she 
feared most of all at the company.

She moved her now rested tongue rapidly under its head and encircled her 
lips around it and started to suck at it. But she didn't forgot to move her 
tongue all the time underneath its head meaning that she had to move her 
tongue between her lower lip and his dick to reach. The fact that the other 
slave girls stood behind her back didn't disturb her at all. Her present 
Master had all her attention.

He stood with the slave girl kneeling at his feet and had her working mouth 
around his tool and now facing Julia who stood still and observe him getting 
his dick massaged by the other slave girl's mouth.

In Julia's eyes he could also see that she had got the message, that this 
also would be a task for her to carry out in her near future. He was still 
amazed and amused of the fact that she didn't offer him her body to ease her 
torments during the training.

"But she will" He ensured himself. "She will!" and perhaps it will be easier 
now when she had seen this slave girl so quickly and effective had giving 
him her mouth to enjoy.

His common sense ask himself: "Do I really want Julia to disobey the rules 
and offer her self to me just to see her doing it?"

He looked at Julia and then down at the slave girl's nodding head in a 
silent sign for her to observe what was going to happen even for her.

He really enjoyed the sight of Julia standing with her arms raised, her 
breasts forced forward and looked at her eyes and said his first order for 
her this night.

"SIT!"

She had waited for an order and assumed that he was testing her earlier 
training.  She throw herself down to the floor, sitting at her feet and her 
legs so much apart as she remember he wanted them.

He looked directly at her crutch and could see her lower lips sticking 
together. He thought about that he was going to see them in close up view 
next morning. He could even now, if he wanted to, but he could wait.

"STAND!"

She stood up and put her body directly in the order position and at the same 
time he pumped his sperm into the nameless slave girl's mouth. He heard and 
felt her swallow and swallow as he gave her dose after dose.

It was not every day he could cum so many times and so often in the same 
hour. But it had its own reason.

The triggering factors, having Julia obeying his order in the training way 
and have another slave girls mouth around his tool started a new thought in 
his brain.

He could do that in the ordinary training room as well. Why not.
"The mans decisions is followed by his actions!"  He must do this again.
At the same time he thought of what a different world this was, there was no 
limits at all in all combinations for a man to enjoy and have pleasure, 
except seriously  injuring a slave girl and that was most acceptable. There 
were put no limit more than his own imagination.

He didn't need to order the slave girl to clean him up and after that he 
signed for her to stand up. He let Julia into her cell and locked the door 
and returned with the used slave girl to her cell and locked her in and told 
her to go to sleep.

"Thank You Master!"

"For what?"

"For letting me service You Master! I'm always ready to do what ever You 
want and I'm honoured, Master."

"Very well then I will wake You up next time I need You!"

"Thank You Master, I'm very honoured Sir!"

He knew she really was honoured by his visit in her cell. It was for real.

"Good night! You did well!"

"Good night Sir! And Thank You very, very much again Master!"
oinvigt

For an outsider her gratitude had sounded exaggerated but he knew it was 
not. In her simple mind she was really grateful to him that he was satisfied 
with her performance and he had chosen her before the other girls whom she 
knew were in the other cells and even more for that he hadn't punished her 
afterwards.
She also had the possibility to learn more of this Masters special 
requirements and she would remember them for next time he choose to enjoy 
her actions. All this in spite of that her tongue was so exhausted that she 
almost speaks thickly when she thanked him for using her.

She felt her self filled with joy. She had got her first "Good girl" that 
she could remember. "You did well!" was better than a "Good girl!"

He went out and up from the cellar and to the lunch room. There were no body 
there so he went over to the medical cupboard and took a syringe and put a  
0,7 mm needle on. Then he took a phial with Testoviron 250 mg/ml, sucked it 
up in the syringe and injected it intramusculary in his right thigh.

All of the Masters had access to the medical cupboard and could inject 
androgen (masculine sex hormon) in their bodies to keep their sexual 
functions at highest possible level. They needed that and the slave girls 
needed its effect in their trainings.

He  let himself out to the street.

It was so nice to go down to that cellar and choose one girl for ones 
orgasm.

No nagging, no shit talking, no protests or talking back!

The slave girls were just doing what he ordered them to do and put their 
maximum struggle into it. His mind had touched the comparision of 
prostitutes waiting for  customers in their small room, but this was far 
from it. Those slave girls had an inner delight of their own in pleasing 
their Masters. It was both chemical and surgical and even as a behaviour 
trained and inplanted deep in their simple minds

This was the men's world number ONE. And it was hidden in an ordinary city 
with ordinary men and women. It was a little island of Man in power over 
slave girls whose only thoughts was to do as they were told and to be as 
enjoyable as possible for the men who wanted to use them for little fun and 
amusement.

He went home to his bed and felt that he could had use for a slave girls 
mouth again, but he had no one there so he fell to sleep and slept well for 
the rest of the night. The thought of taking one girl with him home trigged 
his masculine mind and he was the one who was allowed to do so. Slave girl # 
1 and # 2 was on their trainings endline. Perhaps one of this day? He must 
look in to it.

He had done it many times before and at the almost same procedure . He had 3 
or 4 friends that were tested VD and were sworned into silence. Under his 
command they were allowed to interact with the slave girl under her last 
test and exam. But it will be described in detail later.

Story will continue in the pace of translation.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stigman38


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





