BDSM Library - Dangerous Price Of Dominance




Dangerous Price Of Dominance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dangerous Price Of Dominance
  Dangerous Price Of Dominance

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

" I want you here at exact 10 in morning, tomorrow. And furthermore, if u think
u would be able to handle it this time, well... I suggest u think twice before u
show up."

That was the last words from me when I hung up on Dhawal, one of the most
machoist submissive I have ever had. Well, I was out of my mind, coz of his
behavior only. His craving for pain and humiliation was getting out of limits
from some time. I've not tried to break him, coz of my limits of giving pain,
and he desperately wanted to be broken... he needed to be broken. His behavior
was getting more of a smug day after day that I really hated. He knew it, and
may be that was the main reason behind it.

Actually, for submissives, it's quiet dangerous to be with me when I've lost my
mind!! Well, that may be the same case for the every next person on earth. But
really, when it comes on me, domination becomes a hell scary game where I only
want to win... at any cost!! That was regarding normal anger situations but to
my surprise there are submissives like Dhawal too who tries to manipulate me to
make me give them the worst treatment what I usually don't give far enough or
intense enough.   

Dominance means *Danger* many times... absolute danger in terms of real sense if
its not better controlled. I don't know how the 'bitch-from-hell' types of
Dominas work normally... but for me, it's one of the things that worry me a lot.
The next thing I check after the status of physical injuries of my subs is the
emotional state of my mind. And this time I wasn't thinking abt it even. I'd
decided I would break him to nothing at this meeting. He was trying to attack my
ego and I was gonna crush his pride. Well, he was a tough case I knew, but it
was what he wanted from me so he would get it, but only the WAY I want it.   

I guess he sensed it too as when he showed up he was ready for me. He was a
total defiant creature, full of pride and self-confidence. I wasn't in mood for
any foreplay, I meant business when I directed him to unclothe and sit on large
wooden chair facing me. I'd planned his torment from a night before and
arrangements were done, all the tools were placed neatly on the table near the
chair he was sitting on. He saw it, and smirked at me. A smirk of the
confidence, a 'you-cant-break-me' one, an 'I-would-handle-it' one. Well, if he
thought he would affect me like that, than he was wrong. I expected that
reaction from him. And so I ignored his smirks.

Now that was something he outthought of me, he never thought I would be so calm
and cold to his expressions. There was a change in my behavior that he noticed
and he quietly let me went on with my mood as his anticipation was growing in
proportions by than.

I finished wearing my rubber gloves and stepped forward. With a rough pull at
his hairs, I made him bent over on the side of the table. He protested and tried
to stand up. Somehow I knew he would try it, so I picked up a long wooden cane
and gave a hard blow at his ass-cheeks. The cane was kind of the one, which used
to punish students in school in past and it was quite effective too as he
stopped moving when he received the blow. Well the other effective reason behind
'not-protesting' was my tight grip of hand on his neck, pressing him on table,
making his breathing difficult and my other hand twisting his hand 180 degree
behind his back. He was breathing deep when I let go of his neck and hissed
threats in his ears. May be by this time, he knew I was different this day, a
lot more cruel than I used to be.

I picked up lubricant and lubricated the knotted rope well enough first. It was
a thick rope with knots made of abt one inches in diameter. Abt ten knots were
there and than two ends were left. With out caring to lubricate his anus, I
pushed first knot in with all my strength. He almost cried out at that instant.
I shove old rag in his mouth and tape it to stop his screaming. The next thing I
did was to blindfold him. He was scared a bit this time. I was closing all that
were once the main gates of my pleasure. His voice, the look in his eyes...
always made a lasting impression on me, and drove me to the peak of orgasms, and
I was going the other way this time. I dint want to have orgasm at all... as I
knew once I would be fulfilled my cruelty would evaporate in a second. I was
damn pissed-off on him at his stupidity and I wanted to make sure he would
indeed pay for it.

After making him sufficiently silent I went back on to what I was doing. I
pushed more four knots inside... he was breathing hard, biting on the gag to
prevent any muffled moans. I kept going... more three knots were pushed in and
he was literally squirming in great discomfort. I dint stop than, I strongly
pushed the other two in facing some resistant and he was in tears when I
finished. Tears were soaking the blindfold and that was making me wet
surprisingly!

Now with the one end of rope I bound his wrists behind his back very tight. A
slight tug on it and the last knot inside would pressurize his sphincter muscles
causing pain. Than I rolled him over on the table on his back, pushing his
thighs wide open with mine. I took the other end of the rope and wrapped it
around his balls and cock tight enough to make him feel the tension in his groin
as well as his ass and his wrists. I made him stand up straight and I took one
more rope, first loosely wrapped it around his neck, and then around his waist
making a cross. Tightening the ends together at behind, I looped the rope once
more to front making another X of it just an inch up from his groin. I pulled
the ends of the second rope, between his legs, from behind once more and
intertwined them tightly with the rope around his wrists. He was well secure in
bondage when I was done. And still there was a part of rope left that I intend
to use later to advance his agony. 

After he was completely tied without any slack in the rope, I left him standing
letting him feel the tension, the pain. The rough rope scratching his skin was
leaving red marks causing greater pain with every move. Now I was totally in
different world than, I took the gag out with warning that if he makes another
sound again I would gag him once for all and he wouldn't be able to even make a
muffled scream for mercy if I seriously hurt him. Those words came out of
nowhere and they seriously affected him. He stood still digesting each word I
said with greeted teeth, obviously afraid.

My palm found his hard cock and pulled on it downwards. He tensed his jaw and
stood silent feeling the pressure throughout his genitals. I roughly pulled more
down and knots in his ass started to send jolts of unbearable pain. He gave onto
his knees the next second, not able to resist. I moved behind him and took the
other two end of the rope wrapping it simultansly around his each ankle, leaving
no more space for him to stand up. 

After that, he moved his face up to look at me, he was blindfolded thus wasn't
able to see me, but I knew his expressions. He wasn't scared of me, not even
than.

I sat on the chair in front of him, taking the next pain-toy in my hands. Three
clamps with a short elastic band joining them. I bent down taking his left
nipple between my finger and thumb, twisting painfully. He was in pain, but as
much as he could endure. He dint know yet abt the plastic clips (clothes pins) I
wanted to use. A smile formed on my lips when I placed the first clip that bit
painfully tight and he gasped loud, lurching forward. I pulled at the elastic
and placed the other too, firmly holding him still. He squirmed at his tender
nipple were pulled out coz of band. Now it was time for the third clamp. I moved
down to grab his hard dick. He moaned with pleasure and I cut it off in a scream
when I placed the third clamp directly on his foreskin, pulling it up tightly.
His struggle was of obvious pain, and the more he struggled the more intense the
pain become. He learned that afterwards as he calmed down accepting the pain.

He was all sweated up by this time and the sweat was adding his discomfort as it
dribbled over his red marks that were clearly visible now. With my heel I pushed
at the elastic band downwards, pushing him too the floor slowly, making him feel
every bit of pain it caused on his chest n groin. As he more bent down the ropes
at his back tensed more and he screamed as I last harshly shoved his head down
with my heel on it. He was in tears; the pain was taking him over the edge now.
And I was a total different person in front of him now, a person he never known
existed in me.

I moved my heel to the side of his head, brushing his lips with the sharp edge.
Tears were flowing free and he was breathing heavy. I nudge his mouth with an
order to lick my heel. He didn't respond and I picked up the cane again. Usually
when I pick up the cane or whip like that it just meant threat, I really don't
intend to use it on. But this time without any warning I lashed him again. He
cried out louder, still he dint move!! He was driving me to go more far by this
tricks but I was ready too.

I replied softly with a sentence, " Well, I'm repeating again, lick it. Else
I'll have to use the heel without any lubrication, and I guess u don't want any
serious injury for sake of Ur ego, do you?"  He understood me clearly and I made
my point clearer by leaving a harsh blow of cane again that I don't have any
guilt hurting him badly. He slowly reached my shoe and started giving a nice
licking. He was playing safe, not hurting his pride all the way. I shoved the
heel into his mouth, instructing him to suck it. He struggled away, I gave more
hard blows of cane, with words that literally cut his skin off in addition to
the cane, " If that's what u want to be, a fucking bastard than I don't mind
damaging you at all. You asked it and now u are gonna get it."

I furiously stood up, aching with fire that was burning me up like hell. I
dragged him to the chair and made him bent over it with him still on floor, on
knees. I stood at sideways and started caning him. Hard blows, each sending a
spasm of pain throughout his body. He shook with each blow followed by a loud
grunt. Normally it always take abt harsh 50-60 strokes of cane with proper
attitude to break a sub, but he was almost reaching hundred and I was getting
tired of it still he wasn't in any mood to beg for mercy or forgiveness. I kept
on, he was testing my limits and I thought I'd just lost all of them from the
first second I saw him.       

More fifty and now grunts were converted in sobs. I stopped at that time. He was
proud he endured. Now it was time for some mental manipulation of him. I wanted
to show him he dint won. I softly caressed his hair out of his face. He was
exhausted, crying but a lil bit smiling too. I took off the blindfold to look at
him. He expected sympathy from me but he was shocked when he saw nothing of it.
He thought I was done with him, but my plans were different. My aim was to break
him, and so I was going to do it.

I pulled at his hair tight locking his gaze with mine; with other hand I got
hold of the elastic band. I pulled at it with a soft declaration, " you are
making me a monster. " he cried out loud as the pain was the utmost. I yanked
off the clip from his foreskin first. He tried forcefully to curl up in a ball
on floor. I twisted my grip in his hairs holding him still. I continued, " I
just don't know if u understand me anymore, if u care for me anymore..." I
yanked off clip more harshly from his left nipple. His scream was almost of a
wail this time, I held him still, strongly. His expectation of affection and
love was dying now; he was breaking down with ease. I moved on yanking the last
clip off him, " u can live like that but I can not... I REALLY CANNOT!!" he was
crying freely now. He understood his mistake and was feeling guilty abt it.

I carefully moved behind him, taking off the bonds. First I opened the ties of
ankles. Than I bent him forward again, with a harsh pull I started taking out
the knots. With each knot his grunts were getting intense. At about the last
knot I cleared my throat and said this, " so, I don't want to see u anymore. We
are officially over now." And with that I pulled the last knot out. He yelped
from pain and sobbed like a small child. I took off the ropes from his wrists
and set him free. He was still crying. His body was full of bruises and marks
and my guilt was killing me too. I knew my last weapon would work very
effectively and it did.      

He held my by my waist looking at me, with tears like pearls as he said only one
thing, " Don't leave me, please." I was in tears too. I held him close, at last
I broke him down but it wasn't making me feel any nicer. He was delirious with
pain, mumbling apologies passively. I held him in my arms. It was like my head
was going to explode any minute. I won but not fairly!!

I closed my eyes, hugging him closer. I learned many new things abt me that day
so did he. And we both stayed like that for a long time in each other's arms
feeling the closeness beyond all the pain n hurt.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Indiandomme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





