BDSM Library - The Hacked Prisoner




The Hacked Prisoner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A college boy is transformed into a semi female prisoner.
The hacked prisoner

A fantasy of women using a man.

For Bob it all went badly wrong one evening. It had not been the week
before when he had got the speeding ticket but what his so-called
friends did that ruined his life. Bob was a nineteen-year-old college
student handsome in a skinny sort of way and a bit of a nerd. His
friends were the same and one evening when all were quite drunk they
decided to break into the police computer system and removed details
of Bob's conviction. They struggled at first but one of them a weird
lad called Henry made a couple of phone calls and got some codes and
they were in. They tried to call up Bob's details but instead got
those of a woman with the same name called Bobbie. They read it
finding it was an alias for some twenty four year old called Jenny
who had died of an overdose and had over thirty convictions going
back years. Henry found the fact that this woman had used Bob's name
as an alias a laugh and teased him and Bob called him a prat. Then
they found Bob's record and deleted the conviction. Then for a laugh
Henry transferred the woman's record onto Bob's file. Bob told him to
stop it and that no one would believe, as he was a guy. Laughing
Henry typed in 'Subject was born with no penis and has been defined
legally as a woman. He has a small penis fitted that operates but
needs assistance. She needs to have new boobs fitted and facial hair
removed and to be sterilised as ordered by the court. She will claim
to be a man but the court of appeal has ruled that she is a woman and
must be treated as such at all times and her claims to be a real man
treated as mental delusions.'

The rest of the lads laughed at that but not Bob who told Henry to
get rid of it. Henry laughed and jeered and they had a shouting match
and then Bob walked out to sleep. Laughing Henry then changed the
Jenny file to murdered and then added to Bob's file a life sentence
for doing it serving a minimum of thirty years. To finish he added
that the prisoner had escaped when sent for medical treatment. Then a
couple of the lads told him that it was dangerous so laughing he
deleted the file and then just removed Bob's speeding conviction. The
next day the two now sober lads made up and Henry told him that he
had not saved the file. They went to check and found no changes made
so they went and had a drink and agreed that changing the lecturers
file to terrorists was probably not a good idea.

The lads forgot about it over the next week or so never realising
what they had set in motion. Henry had not deleted the changes but
instead had sent the file to a senior officer. Normally that would
have lead to the illegal changes being found and an inquiry into the
hacking but the officer was on sick leave and his busy secretary just
signed all the changes on without double checking the court records
as she should have. Therefore two weeks latter the files were changed
and suddenly Bob was a wanted man or rather a wanted woman. Nothing
happened to alert Bob to this for two weeks when once more he was
stopped for speeding. He handed over his licence to the two middle
aged fat policemen and waited. They looked at their roadside computer
and looked very worried when they discovered they had stopped a
mentally ill murderess. Bob asked what the problem was and told them
he had paid his fine. Quickly one of the policemen told him they
computer thought he had not and suggested they went to the station to
sort it. Annoyed Bob did as requested and unsuspectingly went to the
station. There the police assured him it was just until he saw the
senior officer as they put the annoyed boy into a cell having first
searched him. Both officers breathed a sign of relief when he was
locked up as both wanted an easy life and did not want to deal with a
freak murderess. Bob paced around for a little while and then sat
down and eventually feeling annoyed at the mix up he dozed off.

He was woken the next morning and stared in amazement at four of the
policemen dressed in riot gear and armed with mace. The policemen had
decided that a murdering transsexual was too much for them as they
were used to at worse the odd bar room brawl so had gone well over
the top. Bob protested but did not resist as they grabbed him and
loaded him down with chains and then pulled him into a van and drove
him off to the main central prison. As they drove one of them called
him a freak and to his horror Bob realised what must have happened
and they assumed he was Bobbie. He told them about what had happened
but the policemen ignored him. When they arrived at the gigantic
central prison he was hustled into the main building and dumped in a
bleak holding cell and then the local police left him pleased to have
escaped without harm. After sometime three prison officers turned up
to question him. One was a large middle aged woman the senior woman's
officer. Bob explained about the file transfer aware that the woman
was just smiling at him. When he had finished she told him that it
was not possible to switch the files as he claimed as senior officers
checked all personally before such a change could happen. Bob went
white but the woman told him that if he wanted he could arrange for a
doctor to see him and confirm his female status and gratefully Bob
agreed knowing he would soon be free. The officer left him and called
the doctor and sent him a copy of the hacked file. She was a little
perturbed by the lack of paperwork apart from the file particularly
the lack of detailed prison records on his life sentence. Now the
prison doctor was a semi-alcoholic waster and he replied, " Probably
they kept her in the loony bin until she had been operated on! The
security there is a joke! No wonder the bitch got out! I will see her
because I reckon we can do all the work she needs here and then send
her off to the farm!" The woman officer agreed assuming that the
doctor would check that Bob was female.

The doctor went to see Bob and got him to strip to his boxers and
visually examined him however he was not about to rock the boat by
checking fully and did not do a full physical examination of Bob. He
left Bob and then after a few drinks decided he could do the
operations on Bob. Bob waited worried as he returned with three
prison officers. However when Bob went to speak the doctor had him
grabbed and then injected him with a knock out drug. Then unconscious
Bob was carted off to the operating theatre. That night and for the
next day his unconscious body was a scene of major work. First the
drunken doctor gave him a vasectomy but managed to damage both the
prostate and the blood vessels. Then next his chest was cut and he
and carried out a breast replacement operation giving Bob B cup
boobs. Thirdly for a long time several prison nurses worked on his
body electrocuting his body and facial hair until it was all gone.
Bob lay unconscious in a drug-induced coma as the wounds healed a
much longer event than usual because of the damage done by the
drunken doctor to his groin. Then after eight days the infections had
gone and the doctor was relieved to find that Bob was fully working
and when stimulated even when unconscious he got an erection.

Finally Bob was allowed to awake from his drug-induced stupor and
awoke to find himself tied down in the cell. He shouted and an
officer turned up and told him to shut up unless he wanted to get his
tits ripped off. However he released the worried boy who realised
something was not right with his body. Naked Bob looked at himself
and burst into tears. Soon the doctor turned up and by then Bob was
hysterical and swore and shouted at the drunken doctor. He just had
Bob sedated and tied down again. The next day Bob was untied and
threatened with more drugs is he did not behave. In a state of shock
Bob sat sobbing aware of the weight of his new breasts and of the
lack of body hair. Then he touched his groin and moaned and realised
that to had suffered mutilation however it seemed okay and when he
rubbed his dick it sprung erect as always and Bob was pleased to see
he thought of women when he played with himself. He did not
masturbate to orgasm but stopped and then was aware that it took
nearly twenty minutes for his erection to fade away. This was because
the doctor had damaged the blood vessels making it hard for the blood
to escape. In fact Bob discovered that he got fully erect very fast
even with the lightest of stimulation. For two days he was left
depressed in his cell. He was ignored by all and if spoken too he was
called a freak by the prison staff. During that time the senior
female officer was trying to sort out his paperwork. What Bob did not
know was that his police record was different to his prison record.
The officer had the prison records of the woman Jenny but nothing
about her imprisonment for murder. However when she asked the doctor
he called Bob a nutter. The female officer took that to mean he had
been in the local mental institute and wrote that up as a fact and
then added the fact that Bob was a woman defined fully and legally
and must be treated as such and encouraged to be feminine. She added
that he had a penis and testicles but was sterile. What she did not
write was that he had received recent work on his boobs and body hair
that would have given a more observant doctor a clue as to his true
sex. However she observed that Bob seemed quite safe so classified
him as harmless and suitable for the general prison population so
long as his femininity was encouraged. The advantage of this was that
it saved money for the prison authorities and therefore was not
checked and her work possibly questioned from on high. As for Henry
he was amazed when he discovered what had happened and phoned the
police department anonymously but was told what had happened was
impossible and so never having liked Bob he believed it was not his
work that Bob had been arrested. Most of his other friends assumed he
had dropped out and as for his family they had ignored him for years
and would assume he was being selfish and ignoring them back as they
had parted on bad terms.

Therefore one morning the whole chain of events led to Bob being
handcuffed and placed in a prison van with a collection of female
prisoners to be sent off to the farm. The farm was a large isolated
female prison where long-term prisoners were left to rot and die. Bob
sat in the van confused and dazed. He was still sure that very soon
someone would notice and then he would be freed. He now realised that
the doctor in the busy central prison was a fraud and a drunk but he
was sure that in the new prison he could convince a doctor. Then he
listened to the conversations of his fellow prisoners. Now Bob was an
innocent college boy and the women's crudeness and aggressive
comments worried and then terrified him. He realised suddenly that as
a man in a woman's prison he could be in big trouble and shuddered as
he thought of the dangers of rape and castration he would run. Most
of the women in the van were rough looking and looked unwashed and
ill as they talked. One of them was a large tattooed white woman who
was asking everyone what they were in for. Bob listened and
discovered that virtually all the women were in for drug offences.
Most had very long sentences but none were drug queens more the semi
innocent victims of the drug gangs. When it was Bob's turn to answer
he did not reply. However the large prisoner said, " Come on honey
you had better tell us! Did you do a kiddie crime you pervert?" Bob
said no he was in for murder but he was innocent. The woman laughed
and said, " We all are honey! So you're a killer like me! I did my
boyfriend and the whore he was fucking! The bitch and bastard! Who
did you do?" Bob moaned and said nobody but when pressed told the
women it was a twenty-four year old whore. The woman laughed and
said, " Fucked your man I bet! Served the bitch right! Still doing
life in the farm is real bad as they just leave you to rot and die!
All fucking day we dig fields, as we are cheaper than a bloody
tractor! You others are luckily you will be out in ten years and off
the farm and into a cushy rehab number in six! Us two get twenty five
years of mud digging!" Bob moaned in horror at the prospect of such a
hideous existence then quickly consoled himself with the thought that
a sensible doctor would soon get him out of the prison after all he
was obviously male. A prison officer shouted for quiet and the women
resumed whispering and Bob sat silent and worried. The van suddenly
turned off a long isolated road and drove several miles though waste
lands and then suddenly they were faced by a large fence and watch
towers. The van was quickly ushered though and they drove on passed
fields and in the fields they saw gangs of women digging and working
wearing dirty blue clothes. Around the women were the guards and to
his horror Bob noticed that they all seemed to be female and
gigantic. Up to now Bob had been used to more male than female
officers but he realised that the farm was much more an all-female
environment.

The van stopped and the prisoners were herded off and then into a low-
lying concrete block of a building. Inside it was dark and depressing
and Bob like all the prisoners felt depressed by their first sight of
the inside of the farm. After a couple of name checks the guards from
the van departed and left the prisoners in the care of the farm's
staff. These were a group of about six guards all female and butch
looking and all colossal. The tattooed women said, " Shit look at
these cows! What a grim looking bunch! Still what sort of decent
women works in a place like the farm! I would hate to be the sort of
fem who has to go down on those! Luckily I am a good fighter and let
me tell you I am not going down on anyone! They can lick me off
instead!" Bob gasped at that crude comment and realised that in a
long-term female prison lesbianism must be rife. The woman smiled at
Bob and said, " You seem a nice pretty slim babe dear! How about you
being my pussy toy? You go down and lick me out every night and I
will keep the butch dykes off you? No well I think a slim young thing
like you will soon find a pussy to serve!" Bob shuddered as he
realised that as a very slim young man he was fair game for rape even
if the women assumed he was a woman. He did not dare think what would
happen to him when they found out he was a man.

The prison guards shouted at the women and divided them up leaving
Bob with the tattooed woman as the two lifers. Then they were marched
though into a long room. Then one woman was called forward and in
public made to strip naked. Bob was horrified as the young woman
removed her clothing and stood dirty but naked in front of them all
the needle marks clear on her arms. She was quickly body searched.
Then Bob saw the prison doctor and groaned. She was a middle aged
woman grossly overweight and dirty looking. The doctor quickly
examined the girl asked a few questions and then passed her on and
the girl was and then handed a mass of prison clothing and made to
dress while her own clothing was removed. Bob was horrified at the
idea of getting naked in front of all the other prisoners. None of
the others seemed bothered as one by one they stripped and were
searched and then dressed. To Bob's relief when three were dressed in
uniform they were herded away to their cells. Finally Bob was left
with the tattooed woman and a guard a gigantic woman said to them, "
Okay you two bitches think you are tough! Get naked and be ready to
be searched!" The other woman stripped naked rapidly exposing her
muscular tough body with numerous tattoos and scars. Bob did not move
and the guard shouted and he said, "Please I cannot get naked! Check
my records and find out why! Please!" The guard looked blank and
glared and then the doctor lumbered over and even at a distance Bob
could smell the mixture of body odour and stale alcohol on her. She
said, " Oh yes this one is really strange! She is a woman but a bit
of a man! According to the records she was born with no dick but
balls but has had one made up for her! Apparently it works!" The
guards laughed at that and Bob was aware of a slow smile on the
tattooed woman's face at this news. One of the guards said, " If it
has a knob and balls it's a guy!" The doctor smiled and said, " Oh no
it has lived as a woman and is a female. She may have a dick capable
of erection but she will not get any of the girls pregnant!" Bob
moaned and said, " Please I am a man and it is all a mistake!" The
doctor smiled and said, " Show us you whore!" Bob groaned but he saw
that several of the guards were holding large truncheons so
reluctantly he stripped naked. The women all laughed when they saw
his naked body and the doctor said, "See ladies no body hair and a
nice pair of breasts! Okay the balls and dick look good but the rest
is the give away! A woman!" "No!" screamed Bob making the women all
laugh. The doctor smiled and said, " Yes you are girl! Now according
to your records you are fresh from the nut house but the farm is
different you are a killer and we do not care about being nice to
you! You may have a problem with what sex you are but legally and
here you are a girl! Now it says you need help to accept your
femanity and we will provide that! As for the rest you can go and die
with all the other lifers! Now shut up we are going to search you!"
Bob groaned but stood as the other woman was brutally searched. She
complained as a guard stuck a finger up her vagina but a few threats
stopped her lashing out. Then it was Bob's turn and three guards
grabbed him. One said, " No cunt so lets check her arse!" and he
screamed as she rammed two fingers up his bottom. To his horror as
soon as the guards fingers went up him his dick went fully hard. The
doctor smiled and said, " Typical of a transsexual woman! They give
them a dick but it needs drugs or something up the arse to pressure
it up! Look how it stays up as well! The result of poor blood
circulation! A real dick would go down a lot faster! Okay both are
clear for work! However while killer whore can spend her life digging
the shit in the fields I think our penis girl needs something more
feminine to teach her about being a woman! Put her on cleaning work
and as a bonus she can have free make up and perfume! And I will make
a note to ensure the guards check on her! " Bob shuddered and then
groaned as he was handed a skirt, top and female underwear. He shook
his head and than gasped as one of the guards hit him on the back
with a truncheon. Reluctantly he put the clothing on. First he put on
the bra and after he had got used to putting it on as he was used
just to trying to take one off he had to admit it made the stretched
skin on his chest feel better as it supported his silicon breasts.
The panties were a different matter as they squashed his dick and
balls and wearing the blue plain skirt made him shudder in horror. As
well as this he was handed a set of bedding. Then as they turned to
be marched off to tattooed woman said, " Wow a chick with a dick and
one that can get hard! You darling are going to be the most popular
girl in the prison when that gets out! Every prisoner wants a hard
dick in her cunt! You may be a woman but you have a dick and better
you think you are a guy! Most of the girls in here are only lesbian
because we have no guys to fuck! They will wear that cock of yours
away!" Bob moaned and the tattooed woman was pushed away however to
his horror one of the guards lent towards him and whispered, " Oh yes
baby you are going to be real popular here! We are miles from the
nearest town and an erect cock is hard to find! I hope you can lick
pussy as well!" Bob shuddered and then started to cry as suddenly the
truth of the situation hit him. He was trapped as a man with parts of
a woman's body in a female prison miles from anywhere and no body
cared.

They were marched though long dark corridors and though several gates
into another low lying block. This one was full of cells set down
long corridors. The tattooed woman was marched into one of the empty
cells and made to dump her stuff and then marched off by two of the
guards to be set to digging immediately. As for Bob he was dumped in
a single cell which had in the centre of the room a metal bed with
straps and Bob guessed this was where hysterical prisoners were
strapped down to calm down. He gathered that the guards were unsure
about which cell to place him in. Bob sat on the metal bed crying for
sometime and then a guard handed him a meal of barely edible food to
eat. Time passed and eventually Bob eat the food and lay exhausted
and shocked on the bed. Then he heard noises as the prisoners
returned from the fields for two hours he heard female laughter and
shouting as the prisoners enjoyed their limited free time and now to
Bob the female prisoners laughter and noise had an edge of terror to
it. Worse he knew the tattooed women would be telling all the
prisoners about him. Then it went quiet as the women were shut away
for the night. Bob hoped he was to stay where he was when two guards
turned up for him. Both were like all the guards female and gigantic.
One leered at Bob and said, " Come on freak girl! The whole prison is
excited about the fact we have a girl with a dick! The fact you are a
nice sexy fresh bit of fluff means even the butch dykes want a slice
of the action! We could put you with the child killers but you are
not as bad as them and why should you eat food with shit in it like
they get! No you can go on in the general cells! And we have selected
a nice cell for you with three nice cellmates who will help you! A
piece of advise honey is that the only way a freak like you will
survive is by letting the prison queens do what they want with you!
Okay now move it!" Bob moaned at that and grabbed his stuff and
followed the jeering guards out. They walked passed the shut cell
doors until they came to one and it was unlocked and the terrified
Bob was pushed into it.

The cell was a long thin room with four beds in two lines and at the
back a toilet and a sink. The door was slammed shut and Bob groaned
as once more the realisation of his plight hit him. On three of the
beds lay woman. All three were topless and dressed in just their
panties and Bob noticed that all three looked dirty and sweaty and
their panties were an off white colour. The room was very hot and
smelt of dirty clothing and dirty women a musky sickly smell. Then
Bob noticed on the right breast of each woman was tattooed a red
spider and shuddered as he realised it was a gang sign. The women
watched in silence as Bob walked towards the free bed the one next to
the toilet and obviously the low status bed.

Then one of the women spoke and said, "Hello honey welcome to the den
of the red spiders! We agreed to make space for you so I hope you are
worth it! Now a fresh fish but tough reckons you are a man! The
guards say you are a woman with a dick so what are you?" Bob groaned
and said, " I am a man and it is all a terrible mistake!" The woman
laughed and said, "To right it is being on the farm is never good!
Okay tell us all and if we believe you we can help!" Bob gasped
pleased to have someone listen to him for once. He sat on the unmade
lumpy bed and told the three women the full story. They listened
intently and seemed to believe him to his relief. Bob kept his face
down as he spoke as he found the sight of the women's exposed breasts
disconcerting. When he had finished the woman smiled and the first
one said, "Wow! What a story! Could be true after all the doctors are
all drunkards and we all know once you are in the system it just
grinds you away until you die!" The other two nodded and Bob felt a
wave of relief go though him as finally someone saw he was telling
the truth.

Then the woman stood and said, "My name is Dixie! I am the queen bee
in the red spiders! We run the prison as far as fish like you are
concerned! But honey we are nice girls and will help you! With us you
will survive but we will want something in return" Bob moaned as he
looked fully at the woman. She was in her late twenties and was a
tough looking blonde with big full boobs and a pretty face. Then
another of them said, " Tawanna!" and Bob gazed at a very muscular
large dark woman with gigantic boobs also in her twenties. The third
woman smiled and said, " Marisa baby!" And Bob saw a round plump ugly
woman who must have been in her forties with large low hanging boobs
and no front teeth. Dixie smiled and said, " You are in the farm baby
with four hundred sad women and a hundred lonely drunken officers!
Not a good place to be a male toy boy! And you are in the lifers'
block a hundred of us here for at least twenty-five years! No hope of
anything here boy so a chick with a dick is a great way to pass the
time! I have done six years here Tawanna has only done four so far
and Marisa has wasted fifteen here! No one cares here if you live or
die! Remember that it will keep you alive!" Bob moaned and tears
welled up in his eyes. Dixie smiled and continued, " However honey we
do care and we agree to help you if you are a real man! However I
think we need to see some proof that you are a man after all you have
smooth hairless skin and I can see tits in the T shirt so what is
underneath! A man's body or rather a boy's because if you are right
you are still a kid! Stand up and let us see what you are Bobbie!"

Bob moaned but stood and pulled the top off. However he could not get
the bra off and laughing Dixie helped him. She looked at his hairless
chest and his boobs and said, " You look like a girl admittedly one
with nice tits!" Okay get the skirt off" Bob groaned but pulled the
skirt off and then the panties and stood naked in front of the women.
Tawanna said, "Wow look at that! That has to be a real dick Dixie!"
Dixie smile and pushed Bob onto her bed and said, "You never can tell
they can give a girl one that can fool the eye! I am afraid Bobbie we
will have to stroke it and see!" Bob felt totally helpless as the
women surrounded him. Dixie smiled and grabbed his dick. Instantly it
went fully erect in her hand making the women all smile. Marisa
said, " God a hard dick! He must be a man!" Dixie rubbed him and
said, "Feels genuine but look at the balls someone has done some
knife work on them and not good work either!" Bob moaned as he felt
himself getting excited and said, " The doctor did it when the
bastard sterilised me!" Dixie nodded and said, "What a butcher! Look
at his tits girls you can see the knife marks underneath they are
silicon specials!" at that both women grabbed and squeezed Bob's
silicon boobs making him moan. However Dixie was steadily rubbing his
shaft and soon Bob realised he was going to come. He moaned to warn
her making her laugh and increase speed and then Bob came. Bob felt
the excitement of orgasm and then he came. However instead of spunk
shooting out he felt an incredible pain from his balls as if someone
had hit them as the come was forced back into them. He sobbed as
nothing came out and Tawanna said, " She came but did not blow! Must
be a girl!" Dixie laughed and said, " No the bastard doc has cut him
so they go into his balls and give him the blue balls when he comes
what a bastard he was! And look post orgasm he stays up! Bobbie you
have a real messed up dick but I reckon you are a guy! Okay now we
have cleared that up you are alone in a cell with three horny women
who have not seen an erection for months and are all wound up having
watched you get a handjob!"

Bob gasped as Dixie gave his dick another rub. Then she stepped back
and pulled her dirty panties off exposing a very hairy naturally
blonde pussy. She said, " Relax honey and let us have you! They say
on the outside a woman cannot rape a man well in here we can and do!
Usually we have to wait until they send a male prison officer here
and then we wait until he is outside with a work party and we grab
him and rape him! God it is months since we had the last guy a nice
probationary officer! The lucky lad got a whole afternoon with twenty
of us taking turn after turn on his dick and face! Teach him to call
the female officers fatties! However honey having you here every
night is going to be great!" Bob gasped as Dixie mounted him and the
wiggled on him and sunk his dick deep into her wet pussy. Post orgasm
he was still sensitive and sobbed and twisted but Tawanna pinned him
down as Dixie started to ride him. She moaned and said, " God that is
a real dick! It feels great! So much better than a dildo or a fishes
tongue! Warm and hard and filling me! That's it Bob you moan I am
going to rape and rape you! God a man in our cell what could be
better! Come on honey! Let's rock it! Yes! Yes! That is wonderful!
God I am going to come! And hard as well! Yes! Yes! Faster! Faster!
Yes! Yes! Oh wonderful! Scream baby I do not care I am fucking you!
Now! Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh that was wonderful! Okay ladies who wants a
ride on the joy stick next?" Tawanna laughed and pulled her panties
off exposing her wet and very dark hairy pussy and mounted Bob. He
groaned as the large muscular woman ravished him her dirty boobs
bouncing and her body covered in sweat. Tawanna moaned and groaned
and hammered away on Bob as the other two pinned him down and amused
themselves by rubbing his breasts. Tawanna like Dixie did not take
long to come and orgasmed sobbing at the intensity of her orgasm on
Bob. Next was the older Marisa who pushed him into her large pussy
and rode him laughing at his shocked face and calling Bob her, "
Pussy toy!" And she like the other two rapidly had a very powerful
orgasm on him.

As soon as she had come to Bob's horror Dixie got back on him and
rode him hard moaning in excitement. As she did so Tawanna said, " I
cannot wait for his dick! Open your mouth baby and let me out! I want
your tongue in my cunt! It is a little dirty and smelly but baby you
will kiss worse!" And with that she got on him and rammed her hairy
pussy into his face. Bob choked as her strong smell hit him but
Tawanna pulled his hair until reluctantly he got licking and soon he
had Dixie riding his dick and Tawanna riding his face. Then as
Tawanna came sobbing on his face and Dixie powered towards orgasm on
his dick Bob lost it and came. Once more he sobbed his face full of
Tawanna's pussy as his come was forced not into the orgasmic Dixie
but into his balls. Then after Dixie had come Marisa ravished him and
as she did so Dixie enjoyed his tongue and once more Bob was forced
to lick a dirty woman's pussy while suffered ravishment from another.
Post orgasm his dick ached but stayed hard and he realised with
horror that after his operations he would get hard and stay hard very
easily but any orgasm for him would be agony. This made the broken
boy cry as once more two women exploded into orgasm on his supine
body.

The women got off him laughing in delight at their orgasms. Dixie
said, " That was great! Oh stop crying it may have been a little
painful and we may not be clean but honey tonight is a pleasant
introduction for you! Now use your brain honey what happens if you
carry on making a fuss about being a man? Let me tell you that
eventually you will get sent to the male prison! And there pretty one
these nice tits of yours and your sexy hairless bum guarantees you
many a long night of gang rape! Then one of the goons there will cut
your dick and balls off and give you aids! So you are better off
here!" Bob started to cry loudly at that as he realised that Dixie
was speaking the truth. She smiled at the other women pleased to have
broken him so easily and said, " Now if you agree to be our honey we
will look after you and save you from the fate that sexy dick of
yours deserves!" Bob groaned and agreed and then begged Dixie to help
him get out. She gave a sly smile to the other two that Bob did not
see and then moved and kissed him before saying, " We may help you to
get out of here baby but we cannot do it at once it will take time to
bribe and tell people! You are here for years! So baby regard us as
your pimps! We will look after you and sell you on! You are useful to
us baby because not only can we screw you but also the rest of the
girls will want to as well as will many of the guards! We will
control the mass of women wanting to rape you so you have a small
chance of staying alive and stop some of the nastier lesbians from
castrating you fully! And you have to make the money to pay the
brides we will need to get your case heard! That is after you have
paid the spiders for protection! Now time for bed toy! My sheets are
dirty so you can have them and I as cell boss we get the clean ones!
In this cell baby you are bottom and the slave!" Bob sobbed as Dixie
took his clean sheets and then pulled off and handed him her smelly
dirty ones saying, " They keep us dirty to remind us that we are
animals! The sink only gives a little drinking water and enough for
our teeth and hands! They give us clean clothing every month at best!
Once a week we get a shower to wash ourselves and we have to do our
underwear at the same time! Grim but you get used to being smelly
after a couple of years! That is one of the reasons the girls fight
not to go down on each other! After all we all have smelly cunts, as
there is no paper to wipe ourselves with! Still I am told that you
get used to the taste of filthy cunt after a few years as well! And
you give nice head and it is great to feel a man's lips working your
cunt so expect to taste a lot of real bad pussy!" and with that he
was pushed to the spare bed. Bob made it up and laughing the women
lay down for bed. He was still erect and sore but eventually his
erection faded away. Then he needed a piss and moved to the toilet.
To his horror all three women watched as he went to the loo and
Tawanna said, " Yep a guy!" and they laughed. Bob was deeply
humiliated and worried about the fact that he had to use the bathroom
in full view of the other women. He found Dixie had spoken the truth
and the trickle of water from the tap was hardly enough to wash his
hands by. The women did not seem to bother to wash and Bob guessed
that after a few years they lost all interest in being clean. Then
suddenly the lights went out and Dixie said, " Welcome Bob to the
farm and the long hot night of despair!" However she spoke in a sad
voice not the confident cell queen voice of before and Bob realised
that she like him suffered from her confinement in the grim hot cell.
In fact as he lay in the bed smelling her sweat, in the dirty sheets
he was sure he heard at least two of the women softly crying in the
dark and he realised that his appearance in their cell had reminded
them of the men they had left behind in the real world.

Bob was awoken at first light by Dixie pinching his dick. She was
naked and said, " I am a bad sleeper Bobbie! And sexy you get hard so
easily! So relax on your back and let me screw you I need a nice big
orgasm to help me though the day!" With that she got on him and rode
him forcing him to massage her big full boobs as she had him. It did
not take the powerful girl long to moan in orgasm and her excitement
woke the other two girls up. Laughing Dixie got off Bob and he was
left to serve first Tawanna and then Marisa in the same way. Bob did
not come as he dreaded already the agony of orgasm and fought it as
the women enjoyed him but when Dixie returned for a second ride she
soon had him sobbing and then screaming as he came and the come was
trapped in his balls. By then the prison was waking up. The hatch in
the cell shoot back and four plastic trays were dumped in it. Each
contained a bowl with a cheap sour cereal in it a glass of weakened
orange juice and a lump of gritty bread. The prisoners ate their
breakfast and Bob shuddered at the grimness of the food his despair
made worse when he was told that it was the same every day. As they
ate the women told Bob about the structure of the day. Simply it was
ten hours of solid work with a fifteen-minute gap to eat a stale
sandwich and for most of the women that was spent digging and working
the tough farmland. Then followed two hours of recreation with supper
and then lock down for twelve hours. That was six days a week but on
Sundays they were in the cells all day and were only let out for
church or if by any chance they had a visitor. If during the week
they had not been placed on report and had exceeded their work target
they got paid a small amount of tokens to buy soap and sweets. Then
Dixie said, "Okay how we handle this! Bobbie is a prime bit of meat
of the red spiders to own and we can do well out of him! But ladies
we tell everyone including the rest of the gang that he is a
transsexual woman with a working dick! That alone should get all the
interest we need to sell him loads! For the next couple of days it is
spiders only and then we put him on the cattle market! And remember
he can do two at a time with his face and dick! Girls will pay for
head or dick! As for us we get him after lock down. No orgasm maximum
ladies for us! Now clothing Bobbie you keep your knickers on and bra
off like the rest of us when you are in here and you do all the
housework! Stop looking so sad Bobbie this is for the best after all
the quicker we can get you settled and earning money the faster we
can consider bribing the guards to get you a proper hearing to escape
from this hellhole!" Reluctantly Bob nodded and then a bell rung and
quickly the women dressed. Each put on a their grey underwear and
their sweat and mud stained shirts and skirts and cheap plastic
plimsolls. Then quickly they made their beds as Bob was struggling to
dress and laughing the women helped him to dress and sort his bed
out. Then all stood next to their beds slouching and cursing.
Suddenly two officers opened the door and loomed in. One of them
said, " Right you three bitches get out and get ready for some hot
digging! As for the fresh fish she can wait here! The lucky cow is on
gentle work!"

The three women left and Bob stood and saw a stream of women leaving
looking depressed to start the long day of work. After sometime an
old prisoner grey and wrinkled appeared and ordered Bob to come with
her. He walked out down the corridor following her along until they
came to a group of women and an officer. In the group were nine more
women. Six of them were old and the other three while young were
skinny and ill looking. The officer counted them and then ordered
them to march on ahead and the sad column staggered out. They marched
down a long corridor and then five of them including the three young
ones were marched into a room full of buckets to wait for another
guard and then Bob's group then marched on into another room. This
was a laundry room but instead of washing machines in it had large
white sinks and hanging racks. The guard said to Bob, "Okay whore you
can do some ironing! Fold the stuff neatly and put it in the right
pile if you mix it up you go on report! Remember new girl one report
is no pay and two is the hell hole!" Bob moaned as he was pushed to
an old ironing board. The iron was a heavy ancient monster and as Bob
blinked at it one of the prisoners dumped a basket full of female
clothing next to him. Bob groaned and picked up and item and realised
he was ironing the guards stuff. He was holding a massive white shirt
big enough for three of him. A prisoner handed him a glass of water
and Bob realised he had to spray and iron. He set to work on the
shirt as the other women set to work washing. It took Bob ages to do
the shirt and then fold it and that was only one shirt. In the basket
were six of them and by the time he had finished them his arm ached
from pushing the heavy hot iron around. He saw a pile of underwear
and went to just fold it but the guard who was sitting idly watching
told him he was to iron everything. Bob groaned and carefully ironed
a pair of gigantic panties and then a large fifty K bra a size the
worried boy had never seen before. It took him well over an hour to
iron the entire basket and by then three more were waiting and the
guard had risen herself from her slumbers to tell him to hurry up.
After four hours Bob's arms and feet ached but he had done the
baskets and ironed every item. He was covered in sweat from the heat
of the day and the hot stuffy room. The prisoners worked in silence
as the guard dozed and any noise made her open her eyes and curse
them threatening the old prisoners with return to the fields if they
did not work hard and this obviously terrified them because they
worked away as hard as their ancient bodies could to avoid being
returned to the fields.

Then two guards came in as the first guard sat yawning. The new
guards allowed the prisoners to have a five-minute rest and a drink
of tepid tap water before pushing them back to work. However one of
them said, " Right Bobbie you follow us! You are a shit ironer but I
am sure you can get better! You crone bitch iron and you had better
work twice as fast as normal to make up for freaks failing!" One of
the old women gave Bob a glare and took up the iron as the guards
forced Bob to march off with them. They marched Bob into a large room
and Bob realised it was a shower room. One of the guards said, " Get
naked freak and let us see the famous girl dick!" Bob moaned but
removed his clothing glad to be cooler as the two women leered at
him. One said, "Wow! What a sexy cock and a nice set of jugs as well!
Now the doctor says you have to be clean and feminine so get busy and
we want to see a nice clean bitch when we return!" and with that they
left him in the room. Bob gasped and then quickly used the toilet and
then jumped into a shower. The water was cold but refreshing as he
washed the stench of the prison off him. After sometime the two
guards returned and leered at him and then he was told to get dry and
handed an off white towel to dry with.

As soon as he was dry one of the guards waddled over and said, " Well
are you enjoying the farm little girl freak? No? I did not think so
no one ever does but then that is the point of the farm to grind you
down into dust! However it can get a little better for a good girl if
you know what I mean!" Bob groaned and shuddered at that. The guard
was a colossal woman tall but as wide as she was tall with an
enormous pair of platform boobs and a bottom as large as an
elephants. However her companion was even larger and had an enormous
pug nose as well. Both women had short greasy lank hair and were
totally unattractive but Bob knew they were in power. The first guard
smiled and said, " Good I can see you know about being a good girl
and what it means in the farm. Of course you freakish dick just means
girl that you get it twice as hard! So here is the deal you be a good
girl with us and we not put you on report for failing to complete the
quota of ironing and as well you get a nice bar of chocolate to
supplement your supper with. Well?" Bob moaned and shook but said
nothing aware of his utter helplessness. The two women laughed at the
helpless boy and dragged him though a door to a small punishment
cell. There quickly he was tied to a bed.

The women leered and then locked the door and Bob shuddered as they
stripped naked. He had never seen such a disgusting sight as rolls of
thick white fat were revelled to his horrified gaze. The first guard
cupped her massive saggy boobs and said, " My name is Tessa and the
other lady is Vicky however as far as you are concerned we are the
goddess of power now lets give your fake penis a rub as rumour has it
getting hard fast!" Bob moaned as brutally Tessa rubbed him between
the legs but his damaged penis inflated fast making both women laugh.
Tessa said, " great a chick was a tongue and a dildo!" Okay get this
wet and then let me see if I can remember how to ride a guy! It may
be a fake dick but it is ages since I had stuck a warm one up me!"
Bob shuddered as Tessa mounted him and placed herself on his face. He
was amazed by the size of her as she loomed over him and sunk down
and by the sight of her massive open very hairy pussy. However at
least unlike the prisoners the colossal woman had showered recently.
Not that Bob really noticed as her weight crushed into him and he
struggled underneath her. Tessa must have been used to lovers
suffering under her weight because she rubbed herself wet on his
helpless face. Then he gasped as he was rammed painfully into her
slack pussy as the elephant woman ravished him. Bob lay shocked at
her ugliness and weight and then moaned again as Vicky got on his
face. She was even heavier and less pleasant looking and Bob moaned
and groaned as the giantess forced the helpless boy to lick her hairy
pussy. All the time Tessa was grunting on his dick and she soon
reached orgasm. Then Vicky moved and ravished him leaving Bob to
stare in horror at her grim sweaty face and wobbling body. After
Vicky had groaned in orgasm Tessa returned and used first his face
and then his dick until she came again. Then it was Vicky again and
she like Tessa used both his face and dick. By then Bob was feeling
battered and bruised but the return of Tessa made him shudder. She
powered away on his pole and when she came suddenly he orgasmed as
well and screamed as once more his damaged balls did not work. His
orgasm surprised the women and they questioned him. When he had
explained Tessa gripped his balls and gave them a squeeze making him
scream and said, " Sad case! There is no come in them at all! You are
a girl you fuck wit tart! It may hurt but that is because they are
faked up! Accept it Bobbie nothing comes out of your dick when you
climax because there is nothing to come out! However you are a lucky
girl because you get to come when you get raped! Most of the fems
just get a mouth full of vaginal juice to keep them happy! Of course
honey with a sexy tongue and a fixed and very sexy dildo you are in
for double banging! I mean honey look it is still rock hard and dry
and you say you have come! A guy's dick goes down after orgasm babe!
It may be a long time since I had one but I know that! Okay Vicky
your turn!" Bob sobbed and begged as Vicky ravished him unable to
defend himself from her brutal assault. Then as Vicky grunted in
excitement on him the cell door was opened and to his horror two more
guards came in. Both were massive ugly women who laughed as they saw
Vicky riding him. Tessa said, " Hi girls we are finished here and you
can have her! A very odd girl as well! A nice tongue to get up your
cunt and sexy tits to pinch! But below the waist she looks like a
guy! A nice set of balls and a dick! No body hair however and when
the babe comes nothing comes out and she sobs like a girl who is
really getting off hard! Still it is great to have her dildo dick in
you and better than the real thing it stays hard until you have
ridden it enough!" Bob shuddered as Vicky came on him and the saw the
two new guards stripping naked. Vicky and Tessa dressed as his tongue
was introduced to both women's pussies. Both women were massive and
grim looking and much more revolting naked as their excessive flesh
hung down. Then both took turns on his sore dick making him sob.
Tessa returned with cans of beer and the guard's drunk them as they
took turns on Bob. Then three more guards turned up and they raped
Bob in pairs for well over an hour. Twice he came but both times all
it did was make him scream in agony. The guards laughed at his
orgasms telling him he screamed like the girl he was when he came and
he knew they were all convinced that he was a freakish female.
Finally all were sated and Tessa untied Bob and he was dragged back
to the shower room.

There Tessa made him shower again and then he was handed a bag of
make up and she said, " Okay girl you are to get made up as one! A
nice coat of paint on the face baby!" Bob groaned and moaned and then
told the jeering guards he did not know how to make up his face. They
laughed and then jeering Tessa and Vicky covered his terrified face
with thick make up. Then he was forced to dress in his female prison
uniform and returned shattered to the wash room. Once there he was
set back to ironing and for another four hours the battered exhausted
boy ironed female clothing. Finally Tessa returned and handed him a
small bar of chocolate and said, " There we go I told you there would
be some benefits to being a good girl with us! And tomorrow we can do
it all again only I think after we spread the word around the staff
bar about how good a screw you are it will take you a little longer
than a couple of hours to satisfy all the girls who want a blast from
you! Still the more time you are on your back the less time you spend
working here!" then Bob was returned to his cell with the other
women. They got there before the main rush and Bob collapsed onto his
dirty bed feeling sick and exhausted from the terrible events of the
day. Then he heard the main body of prisoners returning from the
exhausting manual labour in the hot fields and shuddered, as he knew
that he had another gangbang to survive.

The women trooped into the cell covered in dust and looking
exhausted. They ignored Bob but instead turned the tap on and took
turns to gulp water as it trickled out. They all looked exhausted and
their tops stuck to their bodies with sweat. Then Dixie saw the
chocolate bar and snatched it off Bob and said, " I see the officers
have fucked you! Good a chocolate bar that will finish my meal off
nicely. Okay come and get the slop they call food here baby! You have
a couple of minutes to eat up before you get to serve the girls!"
And the women dragged the exhausted boy out and down the corridor and
as they went past the other prisoners several of them laughed at Bob
and one pinched his bottom. Dixie laughed and said, "She costs you
know!" And pulled him on. Worse a couple of the prisoners spat at Bob
as he was tugged along making him shudder. Bob was terrified by the
number and noise of the female prisoners and also by the sense of
knowing he was to be their slave. The food was served from a hatch
and was a plastic tray with a tepid tasteless but tough stew and a
lump of a doughy cake. The women took Bob and the food back to their
cells to eat on their knees. They all eat in silence chewing the
unappetising food. After a few minutes all were finished and Dixie
got the chocolate and gave the other two women some but not Bob. Then
she pulled her top, skirt and bra off and said, "God it is to hot!
Dress rules Bobbie full dress outside or you get put on report but in
the cell panties only! Another rule is a maximum of four prisoners a
cell at anytime! So ladies go and enjoy yourselves and get the girls!
You baby Bobbie get naked on the bed and nice and hard! The red
spiders are fucking you this evening and you have a lot of lusty
ladies to satisfy before lock down. I hope those guards left you with
a little left because the girls are ready to fuck your brains out!"

Bob did as he had been told and groaned as Dixie gave his sore dick
the lightest of rubs and instantly he was hard. She laughed and
said, "Amazing! Still excellent news for the spiders! Hi Helga enjoy
yourself with our toy and her extra lump!" Helga was a massive
muscular woman with short cut hair. She pulled her top off to reveal
a large pair of boobs and said, " Wow that dick looks real! Still I
like tongue so kiss this honey!" And with that she pulled her skirt
off and rammed a very hairy pussy into bobs face. She rode his face
as he choked on her filthy pussy and her slimy juices filled his
mouth. It did not take the amazon long to come and then with a laugh
she moved onto his dick and ravished. Bob lay supine under her power
as she flexed away on him. As Helga rode him she grabbed his silicon
boobs and tugged and squeezed them smiling as she made him moan as
she assaulted the still sore skin. Then with a groan she orgasmed
again on him. She got off him and without a word to Bob chatted to
Dixie as she dressed. As Helga dressed the next woman was naked and
on him. She was very dark with tattoos and scars as well as the
spider on her saggy boobs. She climbed on Bob and stuffed his dick
into her slack pussy and ravished him and Dixie and Helga chatted and
laughed. After her was a gross looking rough blonde who used both his
dick and mouth before a slimmer more attractive woman ravished him.
She forced Bob to scream in orgasm to both her and Dixie's amusment.
After her was another woman and then another as woman after woman
raped and ravished the shattered boy. Finally Bob heard a bell ring
and cursing the large ugly woman who was hammering his sore pole
about in her slack pussy got off him with a curse and he was left
sobbing on the bed.

A guard slammed the door shut leaving Bob alone in the cell with the
three women. They took turns to rape him for nearly two hours until
finally all three were sated. Then Dixie got on him for one last
orgasm and smashed away on him the pain of her pussy grating his
swollen red dick reducing him to tears. As Dixie came so did Bob and
he screamed as she moaned in orgasm his painful orgasm amusing her
more. She rested on him his dick still erect and trapped in her pussy
and said, " You did well my little toy! The guards and the spiders
not bad for a days work! But honey we expect more than that we expect
total commitment to female satisfaction! And we are going to get it!
You are weak and trapped and we are going to control you totally! You
may be a man but here you are nothing but a pussy toy and in the farm
there are a lot of hard rough savage pussies to serve! And baby you
are here for life no way will you get out! You are trapped and lost
in the system and now you are our slave! Your only hope is total and
complete service to the cunt and that is what you are going to do!
Now sleep darling because tomorrow is another day of grinding sexual
service for you! And laughing she got off him and gave his blue
swollen balls and hard yank making him scream. As the women slept
Bob lay broken and sobbing on his dirty bed smelling the numerous
women who had raped him during the day and knowing that he was
trapped to suffer this and worse for day after day.

The start/end.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  neverman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





