BDSM Library - Flesh, Blood, and Bone




Flesh, Blood, and Bone
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Death comes to Rachel, and she embraces it willingly.
Flesh, Blood, and Bone

       He could see her, even from a height. Could smell her, the scent of roses
in water. Could almost taste her in his mouth, the taste of cream and
strawberries. But it was none of these things that drew him. It was the visions
in her mind, the fire in his own head, as she dreamed of his life and his
crimes, as she dreamed of his face and his voice, his hands and his teeth. She
who had seen him more clearly than any creature living.

       As he had seen her; during watchful nights and idle daydreams. She who
was drawn from his dreams by a no doubt vengeful God-a vision of loveliness,
small in stature, perfect in form. Her hair was as dark as his own, blue-black
in its depths, her skin a fairness that the sun would never darken; his own an
ivory perfection the sun would never seen. Only her eyes were her own, a deep
green that reminded him of deep mountain forests and the scent of fir trees and
holly.

       He could see her in his mind's eye as he saw her with his own eyes:
flesh, blood, and bone. Satin flesh, and he knew how it would feel in his hands:
as if it he had clutched a gossamer sheet, plunged his hands into it, wrapped it
around him. Enough to warm him through the endless empty years. He could hear
her heart beat, its viscous throb, the slow coursing of blood through her veins,
and he knew how it would taste in his mouth, how it would glide over his tongue.
And he could see her bones: the line of her jaw, the curve of her cheek, the
fragile small bones of her hands. The conjoining of the pelvis, to cradle and
give life...

       That thought brought a flush of heat to his body and his gaze sharpened,
banked coals flaring to a darkness that burned. He would take her tonight, and
she would dream of him now...

       And indeed, she turned abruptly in her sleep, sheets winding about her
small form like a shroud. Her hands reached and clutched; her lips parted, and
she sighed. Every motion was a small miracle to him, her life, her vitality; he
watched her breasts rise and fall with each quiet breath, and he could time his
heart to the rhythm. Snow crunched as he shifted his balance in the tree, and
the utter stillness and darkness of the night enveloped him. He enjoyed winter:
the bare branches, the cold silence, and most of all the long hours of the
night. Summer nights were too short; he spent much of his time hidden from the
sleepless sun, whiling away the heated hours in detested idleness.

       And he watched her, that eternal music playing softly in his head. She
slept as guilelessly as a child, sprawled  gracefully upon her bed like a
princess in a tale, untroubled by care and bad dreams. He felt his lips quirk,
and the slight baring of his teeth-but she knew even this of him, knew that when
he spoke it was with hissing resonance and sharp pronunciation, with his native
stress on  t's and the slow, considering pauses as he sought the words of her
tongue. But too, it was his belief that most mortals' lives were spent in
pointless conversation, and he was as economical with his words as he was with
his motions.

       It was in his mind to take her, and his body as well; he could see her
dreams as she watched his shadow form, as she heard the slow-drip-drip-dripping
from the darkest corners of the room, knowing that it was not water that gelled
so thick and black on the floor. His muscles were taut with the longing for her,
and the painful quivering in his gut yearned only for her sweet body. In his
mind as well was the longing for more than her body: it was for the soul that
was born to know him, who had dreamed of him before she knew what it meant to
dream.

       He wanted her, and he would have her.

       He closed his eyes, and saw himself through her eyes: the thickness of
his blue-black curls, and the burning weight of his eyes, heavy with age and
thick with knowledge. His face was never more than a blur, but she could see,
and had seen, his body: carved from the finest alabaster, muscled as the statue
of a Grecian hero. And she longed for it, as he longed for her, yearned for the
touch of his hands, the press of his lips. Her body, who had never known the
physical touch of a man, knew what it was to crave, to wake unfulfilled in the
dawn. Through her eyes, he saw himself approach, flinging shadows aside like a
cloak, and stand, towering over her, to extend a hand...

       She was all but writhing in her sleep now, and the hunger was strong in
him. He could see what she wanted, and it drew reactions in him that were primal
and unreasoning; the remnants of his human instinct, and the hunger that was all
of an immortal's being. But he would wait. Wait until his heart matched her
breath, waited until the uncoiling hunger in his belly settled down to sleep.

       He watched the moon rising, bloodied on the horizon. He had all night,
after all.

       After a time, he woke her; watched her pad quietly to her dressing table
in a thin nightdress that ill-disguised her curves. She peered into the mirror
for a moment, her face still slack and soft with sleep, and then sat down to
brush her thick dark hair. It fell in rippling waves to her hips; nearly to the
floor when she was seated, and she brushed it to a satin sheen. Mechanically,
and he could feel her ears straining for him as if they were his own. She knew
he was coming, and she waited for him; she washed her face, rinsed out her
mouth, carefully drying both on a nearby towel. And then stood before her mirror
with eyes unfocused and unseeing, for all the world a marionette waiting the
pull of its strings.

       He appeared behind her without thought or predication, and she did not
know he was there until his hands closed on her shoulders.

      

       "You..." she breathed, and had time for nothing more, for he flowed
around her like water and caught her red lips with his own. The kiss was
everything she had dreamed and all he had imagined: sweet, heated flame, that
licked his edges like paper and drew him down, and down, and down...

       One of his hands caught the back of her head, slipping into the thick
black locks of her hair, and her mouth opened like a flower.

       He fed as he would have feasted, as if he had not had nourishment in
centuries. And in truth, he had not; there had been no one in all that time who
could satisfy him as this little one could. His tongue stroked the sweet
crevice, exploring, tasting...his teeth caught her lower lip and he drank,
kissed, took...

       Then released her; all but thrust her away from him, for he would not
take her life, not yet. She must come to him; she must surrender...and how badly
he wanted her...

       "You rob me of my control, little one..." His voice was as deep and
musical as ever she had dreamed. She stared, wide-eyed, and with eyes so thickly
fringed with black lashes that he longed to kiss them shut.

       "How is this possible?" she murmured, and her small body trembled with
his nearness. "I-I dreamed you..."

       He did not reply; his eyes burned into hers, and she could see his face
by the light of the candles. The face she had never seen, framing eyes as
familiar to her as her own name. A face so lovely as to make angels weep with
envy, chiseled and fine in every angle, pale and perfect and hypnotic. The face
that had enchanted men and women for millennia.

       His hand rose, outstretched for hers, and he purposely stepped back from
the light of the candles, so neither his face nor his eyes were visible. She
would come to him of her own will, or not at all.

        Without hesitation, she reached and slipped her hand into his, gazing up
at him as if to memorize every facet of his face, even in the shadows.

       "Rachel..." he whispered, and allowed the resonance to creep back into
his voice. "My Rachel."

       "Yes," she whispered, and he drew her into his arms. She was tiny; her
head scarcely reached his shoulder, and her curves were pleasant as he swept her
up and settled her against his broad chest. Even if he had been a human man, her
weight would have been nothing.

       She was unbearably lovely.

       Wordless, he crossed the room and laid her back in her bed, in those
sheets that still smelled of her. Moonlight spilled over the bed through an open
window, and he could see her face and body as clearly as day. The shine in her
eyes was one of utmost trust.

       He was standing above her, and then he was beside her; her nightdress was
gone, and she helped him with the  laces of his shirt, his belt, his heavy boots
and trews. There was no time for her to be shy, not time for her to look down
and try to cover herself with maidenly modesty. Her black hair fanned around
them and spilled off the edge of the bed in a rich river, and he closed his eyes
as he leaned down, inhaling her scent, tracing it from the roots of her hair to
her chin, learning the aura of her hair, her mouth.

       One hand tangled in her hair, and he pulled back, so her chin jerked up
and her neck and throat were exposed. Delicious, as pale and creamy as he had
dreamed, and he tasted the expanse from behind her ear to her collarbone,
open-mouthed, drawing a ragged gasp from her. And again, learning every contour,
nipping her earlobe in passing, lingering where her neck joined her shoulder.
Her hands ran through his blue-black curls and held him to her, moaning softly
at the sensation.

       She was breathing harder, her breasts rising to press against the flat
expanse of his chest, and he drew back to look at them, to run his hands flat
over her nipples, until they hardened to stiff rosy peaks and quivered in the
winter air. They looked like sugar-spun candy he had once seen, and he tasted
them with lips and tongue, bringing a soft cry from her. He nipped them, teased
her, rolled them softly between his teeth, careful not to injure her. Later,
perhaps, but for now...

       Instinct, he thought; it was not any conscious understanding that made
her spread her legs apart as he roamed downward, kissing her belly button, her
hips, sliding his hands over thighs that were as satiny as he'd thought they
would be. He ran his thumbs over the outermost edge of her flesh, and she
jerked, watching with wide eyes, moving with hips that understood what her body
craved, even if she did not. He bent to kiss her there, flicking lightly with
his tongue. Just once, and it was enough. She cried out again, and he slid back
over her, to begin a new foray from the opposite side of her throat, to the
untasted breast, and down again....

       Her lips seized his on the third pass, and her sweet mouth begged to be
tasted. More, her hips rolled upward, seeking the hard length of him that curved
up toward his belly. He smiled into her mouth and taunted her, touching and
withdrawing, rolling it over her, between her legs, but not into the crevice
that pleaded so eloquently to be filled. His own body was tense, every muscle
taut with the desire to plunge into her and be done with it. But she...she was
too perfect to ruin with a moment's expediency.

      

       She was panting when he withdrew again, and he pushed himself up above
her, propping himself up on arms that bore his weight easily, flexed with ridged
muscle. It was as she had dreamed him, and he knew it: she had dreamed of his
broad back arching as he moved within her, dreamed of the press of his chest and
the marvelous strength of his arms. She had dreamed it, longed for it, and he
let  her see it now, coupled with the familiar flare of his eyes and the deep
roll of his voice.

       "Do you want me, my love?"

       She did not hesitate; her small hands stroked his arms, his chest, his
face. "Yes."

       He smiled, beatific as he leaned down once more to kiss her. "Tell me you
want me, Rachel." His lips brushed hers; his words into her mouth.

       "I..." She was dazed with him, lost, and it took a moment for her eyes to
focus, for her to meet his gaze and whisper, "I want you. With every breath..."

       His own breath rushed out of him, and he bowed his head as if to say,
amen. And then the cords in his neck stood out, his teeth bared, and he lunged
into her, with an archer's precision. She cried out, and this time it was pain,
not pleasure, her nails sinking deep into his back and her teeth into his
shoulder. She held perfectly still, and he could feel tears trickling from her
face to his chest, though not a whimper escaped her. More cautiously, he eased
back out, until only the throbbing tip of him was inside her; pressed inward,
eased out, in, and out. She was tiny; unprepared, unused, but his own hunger was
hard upon him, and it took every ounce of his self control to keep from
thundering into her.

       It did not help that he was well-endowed; he smiled sardonically to
himself as he eased inward again. She could only accommodate half his length,
though she was slowly adjusting to him; the tears tried in salty tracks on her
face, and he could feel her fingers flexing with every thrust as the pleasure
began to steal away the pain.

       Then he was inside her, sheathed to the hilt, and pink-tinged
perspiration dotted his forehead as he forced himself perfectly still. He eased
her back against the bed, and kissed her, this marvelous creature that could
hold him deep within her depths, could breathe with him, for him...her hips
moved, urging him on, and after a long moment, and a breath, he needed no more
urging.

       The powerful muscles of his lower back, the steel cables of his legs,
every shred of his strength, and he was moving into her like the tide,
inexorable, unstoppable. Her whole body tensed and pushed with him, clenching
and unclenching like a small iron fist, and he could not help it; he knew his
eyes were as wide as hers, knew that he must look as foolish as any love struck
mortal. But every motion she made, every sound she produced...perfection in its
rarest form, and he lost that hard-won control, grasping her to him and pounding
into her with all the strength that was in  him.

       And he was murmuring her name, kissing her cheeks, her eyes, her lips, on
fire with need and mindless with it. Pleasure beyond any and all he had every
known, even that dark pleasure of feeding-she gasped and cried out in accord,
and he could feel the end coming, building between them and overflowing like a
dam about to burst its confines. Her nails raked him as she cried out, spasming
beneath him; her legs locked at his hips and her inner muscles clamped down,
drawing a gasped epithet from him, and an enormous lunge, backed by more power
than even he knew he possessed. She nearly screamed with it, and he did it
again, and again, milking the full length, and then withdrew  from her, bared
his fangs, and struck.

       She was almost too far gone to notice, and certainly too far gone to
understand. They were both climaxing, in a final rush that left him drained and
exhausted, hungry for the taste of her blood. Still within her, thick and
semi-erect, he drank, and it was likely that she did not notice; she lay as one
dead, only her erratic breathing letting him know she lived. Her hands rose
weakly to caress him, and he smiled as he drank, thinking how he would kiss her
when this was done, how he would rouse her long before dawn...

       He had taken enough; he pulled back, washing the taste of her about his
mouth, then bit his own tongue and let two drops of blood fall on her neck,
instantly healing the marks of his teeth. With his own fingernail, he drew a
line on his bare chest. Dark blood instantly welled, and he helped her to it as
a mother would help her infant to the breast. She was weak, from exertion, from
loss of blood, and she swayed toward him, her eyes unfocused.

       "Drink," he murmured, one arm looping around her, the other brushing her
hair aside. He kissed her, once, deep and long, and then moved her head down to
his chest. "Blood...of my blood..."

       Her lips sought and found, latched and drank, and he drew a sharp breath
at the pain that intensified to pleasure, until it trod a bright and shining
line between the two.

       "Flesh..." he breathed. His teeth ground together as she nipped the edge
of the wound. "...of my flesh..."

       She fell boneless against him, her eyes wide and unseeing. Her lovely
mouth stained with his blood. And that pale flesh, paler still, glowing in the
moonlight, shining to match the stars. Her breath slowed, rattled, died, and he
lay down beside her as she slipped into a sleep deeper than death. A sleep from
which he would rouse her soon, with warm lips and knowing hands, and he would
steal her away with the dawn.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Morrighan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





