BDSM Library - The Director




The Director
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He makes lots of money selling rape videos to an exclusive clientele. They look real because they are real. But did his latest "starlet" get to him?
The Director is a 3 chapter novella. This story started as a script for an adult
movie. It is a work of fiction and contains themes of rape and non-consensual
sex. It is fantasy; real rape is a truly damaging, hurtful crime and no
glorification of rape is suggested or intended. If you can't keep sexual fantasy
separate from reality, don't read this story.




The Director - Chapter One

He could see her clearly across the smoky, packed bar.  In between sweaty dance
couples and weaving singles balancing drinks, he watched her talking with a
group of friends sitting at an elevated table above the writhing dance floor. 
Her friends were attractive enough, but he thought they didn't even come close
to her - Pamela Streeter was quite simply the best looking woman he had ever
seen.  Just looking at her made him start to ache and get hard.  He could feel
it; this was the night.  Weeks of surveillance had made him intimately familiar
with her house, her job, her friends, her routine.



It was hard to not be obvious in his attention to her and the laughing group of
friends, although Pamela and her friends, Bobby, Sue and Linda, were getting a
lot of looks from all of the single men.  Lucky for him the bar was packed and
it looked to anyone else that he was watching the dance floor.  He kept a close
eye as guys approached their table and occasionally one of the group would
accept a dance and head to the floor.  He liked watching the blonde, Linda,
dance.  He liked the way she moved.  Her aerobics instructor body was really
nice, too.  He knew what all of Pamela's friends did for a living.  He was
meticulous about researching his projects in depth.  Pamela was a manager for a
local company and he knew about everything there was to know about her job. 
Surprises were not something he could tolerate.  He couldn't risk any problems
or slip-ups in carrying out his projects.  A single mistake could mean prison
time and that was not on his financial goals road map.

He watched Linda hug a dance partner goodbye and make her way back to the table. 
Pamela never danced with anyone but that didn't stop a steady stream of guys
from asking.  She clearly turned heads when she went to the bathroom or walked
through the room.  They were disappointed when she turned them down, but he
liked the way she did it with a smile, pointing to a ring on her finger.  He
knew she wasn't married; she was just using the ring as an excuse.  In fact, she
didn't have anyone in her life right now.  As best as he could find out, her
last relationship had broken up months ago.  Beautiful, friendly, single and
sexy as hell.  Her friend Linda's blonde hair and buff body looks were
attractive but he could tell Pamela's body made Linda look like a teenager. 
Pamela was a rare beauty, a long haired brunette, tall, slim with a model's look
and shape but with heavy breasts.  Her substantial chest looked natural, too. 
He fleetingly wondered what her mother had looked like.  Probably a knockout
like her daughter.

Pamela's other friends, Bobby and Sue, were both salespersons in a big
department store.  Bobby was a brunette and Sue had even darker black hair, both
were slim in build.  They were reasonably attractive but not in Pamela's or
Linda's league.  He knew Bobby, Sue and Linda were currently unattached, but
actively dating a number of guys.  Particularly Linda, who went out with a lot
of guys from the gym she worked at.  He had followed her a few times and knew
she slept with quite a few of her dates - a pretty wild party girl apparently.

He even had one unexpected videotape of her and a body builder getting it on big
time, thanks to an expensive wireless camera he had planted in her living room
heater duct on a reconnaissance visit to her apartment.  Some work experience in
the private investigator field came in handy on his projects.  He smiled as he
thought about the $200 the first collector he showed it to had paid for a copy
of the tape.  He knew other collectors would pay good money and he was also
talking with an internet porn site to buy exclusive rights to the tape for
$2,500.  Linda was that hot and the image quality was decent for a
voyeuristic-like amateur tape.  Thank goodness they had stayed in the living
room and liked the lights on.  The body builder had been a little bit creative,
too; not as kinky or creative as he was, but he wouldn't be surprised if he made
a few thousand bucks off of Linda's tape.

The tapes from the camera he planted in Pamela's house were boring as hell.  She
didn't seem to date, period, although Linda came over to the house a lot to hang
out.  Bobby and Sue were fairly active in their love life.  Bobby preferred more
quiet, artistic dates tending to cultural events, and Sue went for white shirt,
yuppie business types.  He didn't pay too much attention to them and hadn't
bothered trying to plant a camera in their apartments.  Their bodies just
weren't up to his cinematic standards and they didn't seem promiscuous enough to
make camera surveillance worthwhile.  More importantly, they didn't seem to
present any potential problems to his big plans for Pamela.  Pamela could make
him rich, he thought.  Linda was a potential winner, too, but Pamela had caught
his interest like no other woman before.  While Pamela was in his sights, Linda
had to play second fiddle.  Maybe he could focus on Linda as a feature project
later.

He noticed the group getting up from the table and starting to make their way
out of the club.  Time to play ball and make money, he thought.  Big money with
Pamela he hoped.  The dangerous phase of the project was about to start.  He
drained his drink and moved slowly to follow them out.

They walked to the car lot where Bobby and Sue said their good byes and left in
Bobby's car.  It looked like they were headed to Sue's apartment.  Pamela and
Linda talked for a bit, with Pamela shaking her head over and over again and
then they got into Pamela's car.  He guessed that Pamela had not wanted to go to
another club, while Linda with her usual energy had wanted to party all night. 
They took off towards Linda's apartment.  He waited a bit in the shadows outside
the club and then quickly got into his car, pulling out to follow them at a long
distance.  He knew the way so he could stay way behind them and still confirm
where they were headed.  Pamela drove straight to Linda's apartment, where Linda
hopped out and headed into her apartment complex.  Pamela pulled a u-turn and
headed for her house.  He watched her drive by from a corner parking lot and
knew the project was on.  She would be home alone in about 5 minutes.  He
checked his equipment bag in the trunk and confirmed that his license plate was
too dirty to read from beyond ten feet.  Then, he drove off in the opposite
direction for a few blocks before taking the long way to her house.

As he approached her block, he turned in the alleyway from the opposite alley
end and slowly cruised halfway down the alley to a parking spot tucked behind a
tall, wooden fence.  His car was difficult to see by anyone from there.  He
quietly popped the trunk, hefted his equipment bag over his shoulder and closed
the trunk.  He could see lights on in Pamela's house; she was inside somewhere. 
Looking around and seeing no one in the alley or in the back yards lining the
alley, he walked to her garage hugging the fence and knowing that he was
practically invisible in his dark clothes.  Before entering the attached garage,
he put a nylon stocking over his head with cutout eye holes and added a baseball
cap on top of his head.  Latex gloves were the last touch and after fiddling
with a lock pick for a moment, he slipped into the garage.  He knew the house
layout and figured that Pamela generally left the door into the house unlocked,
relying on the locked outside garage door.  She always used the garage door
opener to park her car and probably never checked the inside house door.  He
checked the inside door and listened carefully.  Some music playing in the
living room was all he could hear.  He reached into the bag, slipped a cloth and
small plastic bottle into his jacket pocket and slowly turned the door knob.

Once inside, he moved stealthily towards the kitchen area.  Pamela usually
grabbed a snack after a night out and he expected her to be sitting at the
kitchen island.  He peeked down the long hall and didn't see her.  Hmmm, he
thought, where was she?  He pulled the plastic bottle out of his pocket and
poured some of the liquid on the cloth.  Just then, footsteps on the wooden
living room floor told him she was coming his way.  He leaned back and heard her
enter the kitchen, open the refrigerator door and grab something.  A glass
clinked and the sink faucet came on.  Now, he thought, perfect sound cover.  He
glided up the hallway, his soft rubber soles making no sound, and peeked around
the corner.  Her back was to him while she filled a drinking glass.  Two steps
and he was on her, reaching around to put the cloth over her mouth and nose. 
She caught a flash of movement at the last second and started to turn with her
arms up, but he got his hand on her face and hugged her to him with his other
arm.  Despite her slim shape, she was strong and instantly started to struggle
free.  He knew from experience that the best way to avoid unnecessary injury and
prevent her from getting loose was to pull her down and backwards onto the
kitchen floor.  As her feet lost their balance and she toppled with him, the
only thing she could do was to try and pull his arms off of her.  He was much
too strong for that and he knew the chloroform soaked cloth would work within
seconds.

Pamela tried to scream and bite the hand holding the cloth to her face but her
frenzied gasps for breath only made the chloroform work faster.  Within 5
seconds, he felt her strength slipping away and she went limp in his arms.  He
held her for a few seconds more and then gently let her slide to the floor.  He
knew he had several minutes to get his equipment and return to her.  But first,
he turned off the living room light and turned up the music a little.  In the
hallway, he noticed some family pictures and smiled as confirmed his guess that
Pamela's mother was a looker.  Then he grabbed his bag from the garage doorway
and went back to Pamela.  She lay unconscious on the floor with shallow breaths
the only sign of life.  He picked her up in his arms and carried her to the
bedroom.  He flipped on the light, laid her on the bed and held the cloth to her
nose and mouth again.  He retrieved the bag and pulled out some duct tape and
nylon rope, which he laid on the bed next to Pamela.

Then he quickly started undressing her, pausing for a moment to admire her nude
body.  Her breasts were just as large and natural as he had imagined and her
legs seemed to go on forever.  He ran his hands over her, stopping to grope her
tits, admiring the shapely fullness and distinct nipples.  She had a bush of
untrimmed pubic hair framed by great thighs and hips.  He rolled her over and
dug his fingers into her butt; it was tight and muscular.  He ran his finger in
her cracks for a moment, anticipating the time ahead.  She definitely was the
best looking woman he had ever seen.  The bulge in his pants was getting
uncomfortable and he resisted the temptation to just jump on her right away. 
Got to stick to the script, he thought.  He went to her closet, got a night gown
and slipped it over her head and down her body.  He pushed her under the
bedcovers and arranged her as if she was sleeping.  Another dose of the cloth
and the scene was almost set.

He opened the bag and starting setting up his two digital video cameras.  The
cameras went on each side of the room angled to the bed.  He placed a microphone
on her bedside table.  When everything was ready to roll, he turned one camera
on the doorway, started both cameras and walked out of the room, turning around
and coming back into the room on camera, acting as he were a burglar just
entering the room.  He stopped when he saw her in the bed and then play acted
his way through the motions of going through her dresser and jewelry box.  By
now, the chloroform was wearing off and Pamela began to stir a little.  The
cameras caught everything as he stuffed his pockets with jewelry and then
suddenly turned in response to a groan from Pamela.  She reached for her head
and fought back to consciousness.  He adjusted the camera back to the bed and as
he moved towards the bed, she finally opened her eyes, trying to focus on the
room.  He jumped on the bed reaching for her as if she were going to scream, and
stuffed her panties into her mouth.

Pamela was groggy but began to struggle again in earnest as her senses came
alive.  As comprehension of his presence hit her, she went wild trying to get
out from under the bedcovers and get him off of her at the same time.  He knew
that the bedcovers would help him subdue her again, but he let her struggle and
appear to be fighting a tremendous battle to get free.  With the covers
restraining her legs and body, he knew all he really had to do was keep the
panty gag in her mouth to stifle any screams.  He was much stronger than her and
her eventual submission was a foregone conclusion.  Nonetheless, he noted with
satisfaction that she was managing some good grunts, muted yells and groans that
the microphone would pick up along with his occasional accented threats to keep
quit struggling if she didn't want to get hurt bad. 

After a minute or two of flailing about, he threw her on her back, slid up on
top of her chest and used his knees to pin her arms against the bed.  She
whipped her head back and forth, but she couldn't move her body as the covers
held her legs down.  He grabbed the duct tape and tore off a piece that he used
to tape the panties in place in her mouth.  Then he tore off another piece and
placed it loosely over her eyes.  He rolled her over and grabbed her arms and
pulled them behind her back where he used the roll of tape to wrap her wrists
together.  He rolled her back over and used the rope to put a loop around her
neck with the ends tied off to the headboard corners of the bed.  He pushed the
covers down off of her legs, moving his body to her thighs to pin her legs
still.  More rope around one ankle and then the other with each tied off to the
opposite bed corners.  Pamela was effectively rendered a prisoner of her own
bed.  Once Pamela was tied with her legs spread, he got off the bed to admire
his handiwork.  He adjusted the cameras to make sure all of the action was being
captured and watched for a moment as Pamela struggled to get loose while at the
same time tried to push her nightgown down which had hiked up during the fight. 
He was already rock hard from the physical contact and excitement of the
struggle with Pamela.  Just looking at her vulnerable body made him feel like
cuming and he wondered if he could hold out for the right moment while the
cameras were rolling.

He watched her for a while, but he knew that he could edit the slow parts out of
the tapes later.  Finally, he emptied the rest of the bag's contents on the
floor and grabbed a big pair of scissors.  He moved back onto the bed and
grabbed the nightgown.  At his touch, Pamela started a new round of wild
movement, trying to get free.  The loop of rope around her neck tightened from
the movement and Pamela quickly realized that she could strangle herself if she
kept up her attempts to get free.  She slumped back to the bed and he used the
opportunity to lift the edge of her nightgown and start cutting upward towards
her breasts.  Pamela momentarily started to jerk around again but resigned
herself to little movements in protest of the inevitable.  He cut through the
nightgown and pulled it open, making sure the cameras caught Pamela in all her
naked glory.  He cut the armholes open and slid the nightgown out from under
her.

He knew the microphone was picking up her heaving, rasping breathing noises. 
Next, he zoomed one of the cameras in on her body, panning from end to end.  He
lingered on her nipples which were erect from the blood-pounding fear and
exertion of her struggles and then moved to her split legs and pubic hair
framing her pussy lips, noting the lips were also engorged and extended from the
physical struggle.  He didn't think he had ever seen anything so sexy in his
entire life as Pamela tied up on the bed with her incredible body on display. 
He pulled her pussy lips out and away, stretching them out as far as they would
go while Pamela wriggled in protest.  Her cunt slit parted easily for the
cameras due to the exertion moisture.  Then, he let go and grabbed her pussy
hair, trimming it close with the scissors for better camera detail.  Pamela held
her breath, which poked her tits and nipples out, in fear that he would cut her
with the scissors.  Then he adjusted one of the cameras and moved back onto the
bed.

Now for some real fun, he thought.  He took off his jacket, exposing his
uncovered arms and thin cotton t-shirt to the cameras.  The cameras caught the
big muscles in his biceps, shoulders and back rippling as he pulled the t-shirt
off.  Lots of gym time pays off on camera, he laughed to himself.  He left the
baseball cap and nylon stocking on his head, and unzipped his pants.  Pamela
heard the zipper and renewed her struggles before collapsing back onto the bed
snorting for breath.  He had to reach over and loosen the loop around her neck a
little for fear she really would strangle herself.  He slipped out of his shoes
and socks, dropped the pants and pulled his boxers off, having a little trouble
getting the boxers over his erection.  He stood for a moment in the cameras'
glare, massaging his balls and 8 inch penis.  His dick was rock hard and thicker
than ever before.  He pondered a moment about what to do with Pamela first for
the cameras.

He grabbed a bottle from the floor and crawled towards her.  Pamela shrank back
as far as she could move, cringing, waiting for an assault.  He moved beside her
on his knees and again she held her breath.  Holding her breath only made her
tits stick out further for the cameras, so he waited a moment while he opened
the bottle from the bag and poured massage oil all over his hands.  He poured
some oil on her tits and at first she didn't know what was happening.  His hands
started moving over her stomach, around her tits and along her shoulders and
neck rubbing the oil in.  With a slight warming ingredient and menthol additive,
the oil had a soothing and stimulating effect at the same time.  He could tell
she was confused but he kept up the rub, gradually moving to her tits, nipples
and ribcage.  Pamela didn't know what to think; she was actually relaxing a
little as the oil and massage had an effect on her strained muscles.  The
friction on her tits and nipples was also starting to cause a reaction, despite
her desire to stop it.  He grinned as her nipples swelled in response to his
rubbing and teasing between his fingers.  He gave the nipples a few pinches and
moved to her hips and legs where he repeated the oil massage.

When she was covered in oil, he removed her blindfold tape and slid his fingers
to her pussy, rhythmically massaging her pussy lips, inside thighs and butt
crack.  He smiled as her eyes and face went through multiple contortions of
fear, anger, hatred, and then confusion as his efforts began to relax her and
the pleasure penetrated her body and brain.  He could feel her straining the leg
muscles in protest, but it wasn't long before she relaxed a bit.  His fingers
swirled over her pussy lips, rubbing her clitoris and sliding into her cunt.  He
pushed his finger tips deep inside her cunt, paying particular attention to the
tissue ridges just inside and above the inner lip entrance.  Then back to her
clit, where he rhythmically massaged the little knob until he could feel the
clit swell and protrude from its skin cover.  Her body was betraying her as her
own juices began to flow.  Her clit couldn't ignore the sensual rubbing and it
extended even more, revealing a large shiny pearl sitting between her pussy
lips.  His fingers moved easily over her soft, yielding, slippery pussy mound.

He kept one hand between her legs and moved the other back up to her tits,
pulling on her nipples and cupping her breasts with strong, full circular
strokes, rubbing the nipples between his fingers at the end of each stroke. 
Occasionally he stroked her face and lips, tracing her features with his
fingertips.  He even slid a finger into her mouth underneath the panties,
removing it quickly before she could think to bite it.  It was then that Pamela
finally relaxed her thigh muscles, fully opening her legs and submitting with
pleasure to the sexual massage.  He knew what she was thinking; 'I can't believe
I'm responding to this monster.  I don't want to, I feel like a whore.'

With a laugh, he kept up the foreplay and speeded up the rhythm.  A minute later
he felt her lifting her hips slightly towards his fingers.  Her breathing had
accelerated into long snorts through her nose.  As he increased the tempo,
Pamela responded by lifting her body off the bed by pushing with her legs and
tied wrists, trying to get more pressure from his fingers.  He kept teasing her
with a light but consistent touch, occasionally pulling on her pussy lips and
shoving fingers deep inside her, until her breathing was ragged and her face and
chest were flushed red from excitement and exertion.  Suddenly, he increased the
touch pressure, pushing her down onto the bed again as her clit mashed against
his fingers and his other hand pinched her erect nipples.  The nipples were
extended a good half inch by now and he could easily grab them with his fingers
and roll and pinch to the point of pain.  He felt a gush of warmth from her
pussy just as Pamela started bucking wildly.  She felt a hot rush explode in her
pussy, bringing an incredible orgasm wave over her body.  She spasmed and jerked
as surge after surge hit her in response to his fingers.  The rope tightened
around her throat but she couldn't stop as the orgasm went on and on, fueled by
her restraints and lack of breath.

He felt her orgasm slowly subsiding even as the rope cut off her breathing and
she began to get red in the face.  As she lost her breath, her orgasm seemed to
continue unabated with a renewed round of frenzied movements against his hands. 
He remembered reading about how stimulating near asphyxiation could be to a
person in orgasm.  Of course, he wanted her alive, so he was a bit relieved when
she finally stopped gyrating and he could reach up and loosen the neck rope. 
She continued to slowly grind against his hand and he thought, this is money in
the bank; probably the best orgasm he had ever caught on film.  He knew that she
had had a wild climax; they all did when he pleasured them like that.  And this
was only the beginning.

When Pamela finally stopped moving, exhausted and laying still on the bed, he
untied one leg and pulled it up towards her head, tying the ankle to the
headboard corner. He repeated this with the other leg, making sure the ankles
were pulled down close on either side of Pamela's head.  The new position
completely exposed Pamela's cunt and butt directly to the camera.  He spent a
few moments oiling her butt and asshole, running a finger in and out of her ass
to make her wiggle.  Pamela was very limber but having her legs doubled back
like that made movement and breathing more difficult.  She was completely
helpless and vulnerable and knew it.  She wondered what he would do next; hurt
me or pleasure me?  She was strangely excited, ashamed and fearful at the same
time.  Nothing like this had ever happened to her.

He put a pillow under her hips to keep her ass up in clear camera view and knelt
on his knees in front of her.  He grabbed a medium size vibrator, turned it on
and moved the tip up and down her pussy lips.  Pamela was tied tight and
couldn't move much as he ran the vibrator all over her pussy, finally pushing it
into her slippery cunt with ease.  He worked it in about 6 inches, turned the
vibrator to high, and tore a strip of duct tape to keep it in position.  He
studied Pamela for a reaction to the vibrator, the type that vibrated all the
way down the shaft.  Pamela tried to ignore the constant vibration stimulating
her entire cunt, but it was only a minute or two before she moved her pelvis to
maximize the sensations.  He watched and knew she would eventually get horny
again.  He played with her clit for the camera, squeezed her big tits together,
pulled on her nipples some, and when Pamela's pussy fluid was slipping out
around the vibrator, he got in position.

On his knees, he leaned forward, positioned his stiff erection and in one motion
rammed it into Pamela's oiled asshole before she knew what he was doing. 
Pamela's relaxed state of pleasure was suddenly interrupted by the incredible
pain shooting through her ass, as his engorged dick stretched her asshole beyond
its limits.  His big dick popped up her slick ass to his balls before he felt
her butt muscles contract.  He couldn't believe the feeling; her ass was so
tight and firm that it felt like an iron grip on his dick.  A scream caught in
Pamela's throat as he felt her sphincter muscle spasm again and again on his
dick.  She began to cry as he resisted the temptation to start slamming in and
out right away.  He let the cameras catch her restrained rocking back and forth
as she frantically tried to dislodge his thick 8 inches.  Her eyes were wild but
there was nothing she could do; he was already stuck deep inside her ass.  She
was impaled on his dick and her movements felt like heaven to him.  Never had it
like this before, huh, Pamela?, he thought, as he grabbed her tits and pulled
himself into her ass a little deeper.

Finally, he started shoving in and out of her butt, drilling in deep every time,
banging up against the end of the vibrator.  After a few minutes, Pamela's sobs
and whimpers slowly turned to moans and then to heavy breathing as the
combination of the vibrator and his thick dick stretching her ass intensified
every feeling of pain and pleasure.  Pleasure apparently began to win out, while
as he massaged her pussy and clit, Pamela started moving in rhythm now with his
thrusts.  After several more minutes of gradually increasing tempo, suddenly
Pamela screamed into the gag and violently jerked against her restraints and his
dick.  Her entire body was spasming again and all he could hear were muffled
little 'oh, oh, oh, oh' sounds from her.  Her movements just swirled her ass on
his dick even more; he didn't even have to move to enjoy the in and out on his
dick shaft.  He thought, 'This is great; on top of everytthing else she can
multiple orgasm.  Real orgasms are just icing on the cake for the video.'

He started thrusting his dick in and out of her ass again, her sphincter muscle
ring kept locked on his shaft.  The tightness was amazing; every shove was pure
pleasure from tip to base.  He rammed his dick into her a few more times and
couldn't hold off any longer.  He pulled out, grabbed his dick and aimed it at
her tits as he began shooting streams of cum.  His orgasm was so intense he
almost went faint for a moment but he made sure the cameras caught everything as
he continued to pump his dick, squeezing his genital muscles, forcing out the
last drops of cum.  Pamela's tits and stomach were splattered with strings of
come.  When he finally caught his breath again, he wiped his dick clean on her
pussy hair.  Pamela was almost comatose herself, gasping for breath and trying
to milk the last few spasms from her own orgasm.

Time for something different, he thought.  He grabbed a good-sized dildo, oiled
it and pushed it in her ass.  It slipped in a lot easier this time.  He ripped a
new, thin strip of duct tape to hold the vibrator and dildo in place.  He untied
her legs and neck from the headboard corners and turned her sideways on the bed,
on her back.  Pamela barely resisted, she was still not recovered from the
orgasm.  He tied her legs apart to the bed corners again, with one camera angled
directly at her pussy and the other at her head.  He pulled her head over the
edge of the bed so that her neck and head were just off the bed, hanging down. 
Her tied wrists were still trapped beneath her body.  He looped her neck rope
tight back to the corners of the bed, positioned the head camera closer to her
and was about ready for the next scene.

He reached for the floor, found a hammer and large hook screw and was amused as
Pamela briefly caught sight of the hammer and began struggling in fear that he
was going to hit her.  But he climbed onto the bed, tapped the ceiling lightly
to find a joist and screwed the hook screw tight into a wood joist through the
sheet rock ceiling.  Then he looped a thin rope over the hook screw, went to her
closet and came back with two pants hangars, the type with two metal clamps that
slide on a thin bar.  He tied the hangar to the rope, reached down and moved the
clamps into position over her nipples.  With a glance at the camera, he opened
and clamped them down tightly on her extended nipples.  The clamp springs were
strong and Pamela shook violently, trying to escape the initial pain of the
clamps, but they were on to stay.  He pulled and tied off the other end of the
rope until her nipples and heavy breasts were pulled up and away from her body,
the weight of the breasts stretching her nipples and aureolas into a spectacular
cone.

Pamela quickly learned that moving just made the pain worse, so she arched her
back to relieve the pain.  He stared at the sight of her magnificent, arched
tits sticking straight up in the air.  A pillow propped under her shoulders held
the tits up in the air for the cameras and with a whimper from Pamela he
tightened the hangar rope again.  Then he took another hangar and another piece
of rope, spread her pussy lips with his fingers and released one of the clamps
on her clit.  As Pamela howled and writhed in protest, he tied that hangar and
rope off with tension.  Pamela was in sharp pain now, all traces of orgasm
pleasure chased away; she didn't know what to do.  It hurt if she was still and
hurt more if she moved.  New tears rolled down her cheeks accompanied by low
moans.  She looked at him so imploringly, he was half-tempted to cut her some
slack and release her.  Instead, he zoomed a camera in on her face, catching the
tears and submission in her eyes.

He looked at the scene and nodded with satisfaction.  The cameras were rolling
and his dick was getting a little life again.  He picked up a candle and matches
and lit the candle.  He waved it in front of her face, making sure the camera
caught her wide open, flashing eyes and fearful face.  Then, slowly and
methodically he started dripping wax on her throat, shoulders, tits and nipples,
and down her body, letting her react to each sizzling drop.  Just as a drop
cooled and the burning subsided, he would tilt the candle and drip another glob
of hot wax.  He concentrated on the sensitive areas for the cameras.  Pamela
became a writhing, struggling, hysterical body as he moved from her tits down to
her clit, pussy lips, inside thighs and legs.  Her movements caused her to
squeal continuously in pain as the clamps dug in with every twitch. 
Anticipating each drop of hot wax only made the pain of the clamps worse as she
couldn't help tensing and reacting to each drip.  Great camera action, he
thought, as he finally finished with the wax treatment.  Her tits, nipples and
pussy were encased in a hard coat of colorful wax, across which cracks slowly
appeared as Pamela moved about. 

He knew the wax was only a minor irritation.  Nothing more than a light sunburn. 
He pulled pieces of the wax off of her pussy, watching Pamela jerk in pain each
time the wax took some pubic hairs with it.  When her pussy was relatively clear
of wax, he held the candle close to the remaining pussy hairs and singed the
hairs for the camera; not close enough to really burn Pamela, but close enough
for the heat to scare her into yet another round of painful struggles.  He
rubbed the singed hairs away as her bald pussy emerged for the camera.  To sooth
her pussy a little, he bent over and licked her clit and pussy flesh, enjoying
her taste and smell as the blood rushed back into his dick.  He finally put the
candle out on her belly button, making Pamela yell into the panties yet again.

He moved to the head camera, zooming it in, and showed her his swollen dick,
rubbing it and his balls all over her face.  He warned her in an accented voice
not to resist and not to let her teeth bite his dick or the wax and clamps would
be the least of her pain.  He pulled off the duct tape over her mouth, removed
the panties and put his big dickhead against her lips, ordering her to open her
mouth and suck him off.  She hesitated, so he reached over and gave the ropes
holding the clamps a tug.  Sharp pain shot through her and she opened her mouth
wide.  He eased in and enjoyed the sensation of her mouth and tongue on his
dickhead ridges.  She somewhat reflexively began to use her tongue to swirl his
dick as he began a rhythmic in and out motion.  The sight of her body stretched
out before him and her mouth sucking him off was incredibly stimulating.  Her
skin was a splash of wax color and her nipples and tits were still stretched to
the limit above her chest.  The clit clamp was pulling her clit above her pussy
lips as she tried not to move while he pushed in and out of her mouth.  His dick
swelled some more and she found it harder to move her tongue around as he filled
her mouth.

On the next stroke into her mouth he didn't stop at the 3 inch mark like he had
been doing, he shoved his entire dick in her mouth.  The downward angle of her
head lined up her throat with her mouth perfectly and he held her head steady
with his hands.  He could feel his dick slip down her throat as her tongue
futilely tried to block his dick out.  Pamela began to make choking sounds and
struggle for air.  He pulled back out and she gasped for air.  He went right
back in deep, shoving his balls against her nose and eyes as her throat made
full length constrictions around his dick.  Her tongue was going wild in panic
and that just made for even better sensations.  Again and again he used her
entire mouth and throat, pulling out just enough for her to get air and then
slamming back in for the incredible feeling.  The wax casing on her neck and
tits crumbled away as he slid in and out, using her mouth for his pleasure. 
Finally, he felt his balls tighten and cum start to rise.  Pulling his dick out,
he rocked with an orgasm and aimed loops of cum at her face, painting a web of
cum all over her beautiful features for the camera.  Man, he thought, if I could
only keep her for a month of movies.  He had never been so horny.

Pamela had sagged painfully back on the bed with her mouth open, trying to catch
her breath.  He moved the head camera in closer from one side and straddled her
face.  Grabbing her long hair in one hand, he jerked her head up against his
butt and ordered her to lick his asshole for the camera.  A small tug on the
clit clamp convinced Pamela she had no choice.  He leaned over a bit, and with
his free hand, spread his cheeks wide open.  The other hand pulled her head up
tight to his butt and Pamela's mouth was forced on his asshole.  She pushed her
tongue out and slowly began to lick his crack and hole.  'Faster', he said, with
another tug on the rope and Pamela put some energy into it, swirling his hole
and crack over and over again.  'Put your tongue in my hole,' he said, and she
complied.  'More,' he said, and she pushed her tongue in as far as it would go. 
'Leave it in and wiggle it around,' he ordered.  The cameras caught everything.

He amused himself by pulling the remaining pieces of wax off of her tits and
body while one hand held her tongue tight to his ass.  When he felt her tongue
exhaust itself and barely able to move anymore, he got off her and suddenly
released the clamps.  The blood rushed back into her nipples and clit, swelling
intensely with burning pain.  Before she could scream, he jammed the panties
back into her open mouth.  Pamela rolled around on the bed as the pain shot
through her.  He made her jerk around for the camera even more by pulling on her
nipples and clit with his fingers.

Ok, he thought, time for some closing scenes.  He grabbed a few things from the
floor and walked around to her tightly tied split legs.  He removed the tape
holding in the vibrator and it popped out with a squirting sound.  With the
camera right on her cunt, he took out the smaller dildo in her ass and quickly
shoved the larger vibrator up her newly stretched asshole before she could
react.  Pamela started trying to jerk around in protest big time as he secured
the big vibrator up her ass.  That's nothing, he thought.  Then, he oiled a huge
dildo over 3 inches in diameter and 12 inches long, and started working it up
her cunt.  Pamela was a tall girl but obviously had never had children.  He was
pretty sure that he had already stretched her cunt farther than it had ever been
stretched before by boyfriend's cocks.

She kept up a constant scream of protest into her panty gag as he tried to work
the huge dildo in without ripping her pussy apart.  The dildo dickhead finally
slipped past her pubic bone but her tight pussy stopped it right there.  The
vibrator in her ass made things so tight that the big dildo in her cunt was
almost splitting Pamela apart.  Her pussy lips were stretched to the tearing
point and her asshole was totally extended drum tight around the vibrator.  He
poured a little more oil on her pussy to help and slowly worked the big dildo
farther up her cunt.

Pamela was alternating rigid and shaking with her attempts to stop the big
invader from ripping her cunt apart.  Her neck rope was cutting her air off
again.  He worked the dildo in some more and loosened the rope to give her some
air.  After he finally got the dildo head started up her tunnel, he knew he had
it.  He waited until she relaxed her hips while trying to get more air, and with
a sudden shove on the end, pushed the dildo another 3 or 4 inches in.  Pamela
froze rigid for a moment and then went limp.  He looked at her ashen face and
realized she had fainted from the sharp pain.  He wasn't worried about really
hurting her though, as he knew from previous film sessions that a cunt could
progressively stretch a lot.  He remembered a hefty single mother with three
kids he had filmed that had gotten a baseball bat up her cunt with ease just for
starters and then managed a huge squash from her refrigerator that must have
been 5 inches wide.  He figured Pamela would be really sore but would easily
recover.

While she was semi-conscious, he took the opportunity to pick up a razor and
shave cream can and shave off the few pubic hairs left on her bulging pussy.  He
wiped the shaving cream off and massaged her newly bald pussy for the camera. 
He thought the shaved pussy, distended and stretched so tightly, was an
incredible camera shot.  Things were so tight, her clit was forced up and out
from her pussy tissue, exposed like a shiny marble sitting on the floor.  He
diddled the clit and rolled it in his fingers, thinking he rarely got that good
a grip on a clit.  He stretched the clit to the limit and then sucked it in and
out of his lips for the cameras. He could feel himself getting hard again as he
zoomed the camera in and out from every angle, wiggling the vibrator and dildo
up and down and around to show the extreme tightness.  He even grabbed hold of
each shaft and lifted her hips a foot off the bed, she was stuck so tight on
them.

When Pamela started coming around, he poured more oil on his gloved hand and
reached down to pull the big dildo out of her cunt and the smaller vibrator out
of her ass.  They came out with big popping sounds while Pamela gasped and
moaned.  He kneeled and started working his hand up her cunt.  It was not that
hard after the stretching job the big dildo had done and he got his hand
partially up her cunt before she fully woke up again and realized what he was
doing.  She started protesting and struggling like a mad woman even as the neck
rope cut her air off again.  He merely rode her with his arm and starting
fucking her with his clumped fingers, in and out.  Each time his hand popped
out, the suction caused a loud sucking fart sound he hoped the microphone picked
up.  At the same time, he pulled up his nylon stocking a little and started
licking her clit with his tongue and reaching up with his free hand to her
breasts.  He kept up the hand fuck and clit licking, while massaging and playing
with her tits and nipples.  He wasn't sure if he could get her bruised pussy
back to the pleasure side again, but it was worth a try for the camera.  He knew
she was plenty sore from the clamps and dildo.

After several minutes of stroking, he finally detected a change in her moans
that sounded like a little pleasure was gaining on the pain.  He stroked her
cunt faster, licked and sucked her clit harder, and played with her tits to fan
the fire.  Finally, even as she continued to groan in pain, he felt her hips
move and rise to meet to his hand and mouth.  He pinched her nipples and heard
her gasp, yet she was moving in rhythm again with him.  With an intense blast of
tongue action on her clit, he felt her swollen cunt tighten around his hand and
her nipples swell even bigger.  Her entire body tightened up and she let out a
muffled shriek through the panties as she convulsed one way then the other as an
orgasm tidal wave overtook her.  He kept up the hand fuck as she rocked from
side to side, eventually subsiding into a series of little hip jerks.  Tears
were streaming down her face as her body betrayed her again.  He knew she hated
herself at that moment for letting him control her like this.  At the same time,
he knew she probably had never been rocked with multiple orgasms like this
before.  Pain and pleasure, baby, he thought.  It's the best.

He pulled his hand out of her, saying 'It's my turn, now.'  He untied her legs
and rolled her on her stomach, loosening her neck rope enough to let her hips
move backwards to the edge of the bed.  He freed her hands and tied them each to
a bed corner.  Her legs were free but he didn't think that would be a problem;
Pamela was bruised and exhausted.  She would be passive as a puppy for awhile. 
She was now draped face down on the bed with her hips and legs over the bed
edge.  He took some pillows and stuffed them under her stomach, raising her hips
and butt up in the air.  Last, he took some rope and pulled each knee up on the
bed and out towards her hands, tying the knees off by her hands.  The kneeling
position on top of the pillows pushed her ass in the air high above the bed
edge.

He moved around the bed to her face and picked her face up in hands.  He removed
the panties and shoved his dick into her mouth.  'Make me hard, bitch,' he
ordered.  Pamela hardly moved as he shoved his swelling dick in and out of her
mouth.  When he was rock hard again, he pulled out and re-positioned the
cameras.  He moved in behind her, playing with his hard dick.  First, he stuck
his rod in her exposed pussy, shoving in as deep as he could go.  Her stretched
pussy gave no resistance at all which was no surprise to him after the previous
invasions.  After a few minutes of slow and deep in and out, giving the camera
good shots of his entire length plunging into her pussy, he pulled out to get
more friction.  He put his dickhead on her oily asshole and shoved in, feeling
the grip of the butt muscles as they reacted one more time against his
intrusion.

'That's more like it,' he thought, as he slammed in and out, pulling her butt
cheeks apart for the camera.  He leaned over, grabbed the ends of her tits and
nipples and pulled hard on them, stretching them backwards to the max as he kept
up a long, deep thrusting rhythm.  He used the tits to pull him deeper into her
ass and jiggled them around as he pulled back.  As he got closer to his orgasm,
he let go of her tits and switched to her long hair, pulling her head back for a
camera closeup.  Each time he shoved in deep, he pulled her head up.  He
wondered what expressions crossed her face for the lens.  He pumped as long as
he could hold off, but it wasn't long before her protesting butt muscles brought
him to a tremendous climax.  He stayed deep in her ass this time, pounding away
for his pleasure as he pulled her head up in time to his rhythm.  'Smile for the
camera, slut,' he grunted, as his tight balls pumped hot cum into her ass.

He collapsed on top of Pamela for a minute, exhausted from the exertion. 
Pleasure surges ran up and down his body as her sphincter muscles continued
squeezing his slowly shrinking dick until it slipped out of her ass.  When he
regained his breath, he checked the clock.  Almost one and a half hours had gone
by, more time than he had planned to spend.  He didn't want to leave but every
extra minute put him at an increased risk of discovery.  He had the film footage
he needed, enough to edit into an extremely hot video, by far his best ever. 
With Pamela's stunning looks, most buyers would think it was a professional porn
video star who actually had acting talent.  Only his collector clients would
know it was a real rape and they didn't know who he was.  They didn't care
either, as long as he delivered hot rape videos.

He collected his equipment and put it back in the bag.  He then unscrewed and
put the hook screw in the bag and put the jewelry back where it came from.  Duct
tape replaced the ropes restraining Pamela's arms and legs and a piece of tape
went back over her eyes.  He got dressed, went into the kitchen and came back
with a steak knife.  He whispered in Pamela's ear that he was leaving and that
she should wait 15 minutes before moving.  'Don't move early,' he warned in a
vaguely foreign sounding voice, 'I just might come back and check to see if you
waited.  After 15 minutes, you can start crawling around the bedroom to find
this steak knife and cut yourself free.'  She lay there without moving.

'Oh,' he said, 'don't forget that I filmed everything in close-up detail and you
performed great.  If you report this to the police I will hear about it.  I'll
make sure that everyone you know, all of your family, friends and work
colleagues, get a nice video copy of you playing sex games.'  'Besides,' he
added, 'you should consider yourself lucky.  How many girls get multiple orgasms
like that?  You got nothing to complain about.  You know you enjoyed it.  I just
filmed the kind of whore you really are.  Think how your parents will react to
your little show.  I'll be sure to add some soundtrack that sounds like you
begging for more, too.'  He watched her head turn away as tears begin to flow in
shame.  She knew he was right; she could never let anyone see the video and her
complete submission and ecstasy.  He would get away with it and there was
nothing she could do!  She sobbed into the bed and tuned him out.  He studied
her for a moment, drinking in her beauty and sexiness.  He leaned over and
kissed her hard and deep.  He whispered, 'You were great, the best ever.  You'll
be fine.'

He let the cameras film him leaving the room, then returned to get everything. 
He left her slumped on the bed after doing a little more cleanup, slipped out
through the garage and went back to his car.  He pulled the nylon stocking and
the latex gloves off and headed for his house miles away on the other side of
town.  He saw no one and laughed as he thought about how sexy it was going to be
editing the tape of Pamela.  In fact, he began to fantasize about filming a
sequel with her.  That wasn't a half bad idea, he thought.  She would never
expect him to come back for more.  He laughed as it occurred to him that Pamela
thought it was all over.  He drove on down the street pondering a sequel and
mentally spending the money he was going to make on his newest star.

End of Chapter 1

________________________




The Director - Chapter 2

He was driving his new convertible Corvette with Sam, his big German Sheperd, in
the passenger seat when he first thought of how to do Pamela again.  Brilliant!,
he thought.  Even more so because Pamela and Linda would both star this time. 
He was going to be rich, rich, rich.  Pamela's video had made him $90,000 so far
from collectors.  He kept the customer circle small, but word spread fast and
obsessed collectors were willing pay big cash for the best.  It was absolutely
the best film of his career, but he now had the problem of how to follow up his
winner with Pamela.  The collectors were chomping at the bit for another stellar
effort.  He had to deliver something wild that topped Pamela's debut.  He had
considered every angle for a few months and thought he had worked out all the
details of a risky but rewarding plan.

He had stayed away from Pamela's group since the rape, but had continued to
monitor Pamela and Linda via the wireless cameras in their house air ducts.  As
best as he could tell, Pamela had predictably gone into a shell for a few weeks,
going to work but staying in at home every night.  She seemed to be simply
trying to put the incident behind her.  It did not appear that she had told
Linda, although Linda came over often.  Two months afterwards, Pamela and Linda
went out on a Friday night and he assumed Linda had finally persuaded Pamela to
go out partying again.

The new plan was risky and more complicated than any of his previous projects. 
He knew it but concluded that unless he topped Pamela's video, his collectors
would lose interest in his projects.  If he pulled the sequel off, he could
potentially make enough money to speed up his retirement plans.  Some
uncharacteristic risk was a reasonable tradeoff, he finally decided.  He resumed
his surveillance of Pamela and Linda, and gathered everything he would need for
the project.

He had become infatuated with Pamela and couldn't wait to overpower her again. 
He watched her video often, sitting in his living room and rubbing Sam's neck. 
He would relive every moment, making himself so hard he couldn't stand it;
jerking off was a poor substitute for the wild orgasms with Pamela.  He imagined
he and Pamela as a couple, after contriving a meeting and her falling in love
not knowing he was her rapist tormentor.  He shook his head, thinking that's way
too risky, but there's plenty of time to think about fantasies after he finished
the sequel project.

The sequel plan was complicated because, for the first time, it involved two
women and also involved someone other than just himself.  The odds of something
going wrong had escalated tremendously.  He mentally worked through each step of
the plan over and over again, searching for risks and devising ways to stay in
complete control.  At night, he would sit and watch the video cameras until he
knew Pamela's and Linda's routines better than they did themselves. 
Unknowingly, they had fallen into a pattern that was going to make his plan work
a little easier.  Linda had gotten into the habit of dropping by Pamela's house
every other Thursday after work for a glass of wine, snacks and a video.  The
pattern was frequent enough that he started gearing up for the coming Thursday.

He was ready and waiting the next Thursday evening.  He stayed glued to the
video camera monitor watching for Linda's arrival at Pamela's house.  Finally,
she showed up, fresh from the gym and the video store.  He had to admit she
looked pretty good in her tight spandex shorts and running bra.  Her muscles
rippled as she moved and her blonde hair was a riveting contrast to her tanned
skin.  Pamela looked great, too, dressed in jeans and a thin, pullover sweater
that hugged her curves.  He was ready and waiting to go, already dressed in dark
clothes.  He went through a last equipment check and loaded up his old car.  A
little dirt smudged across the license plate and a few weeks of dust made the
car as nondescript as possible.  When everything was in the car he called for
Sam and motioned for the dog to get into the car.  Then they headed off on a
circuitous route to Pamela's neighborhood.

The sun was down when he pulled slowly into the dark alley behind Pamela's
house.  He slid into the parking spot by the fence and quietly let Sam out of
the car.  Sam patiently padded along beside him as he eased his duffel bag out
of the trunk.  Together they moved to the side of Pamela's garage, careful to
not make any noise.  The whole neighborhood was quiet and empty of people.  He
hugged Sam and whispered, 'Be quiet, boy.'  He pulled on latex gloves and worked
the garage side door lock open with his lock pick.  A moment later they were
inside.  He put on a ski mask this time and once again cautioned Sam to be
quiet.  Everything depended upon Sam being quiet until he had things under
control.  He flicked on a flashlight and took a deep breath.

He put his ear to the inside house door and listened for Pamela and Linda.  He
could hear them talking in the kitchen, undoubtedly getting out some drinks and
snacks for the movie.  He backed away and went to the bag, dousing a cloth with
chloroform and putting it in his pocket within easy reach.  Then he went over to
the electrical panel, opened the panel door and studied the circuit breakers. 
He only wanted to turn off the kitchen, hallway and garage lights, so as to not
raise neighbor's suspicions.  Turning off the main breaker would kill all indoor
and outdoor lights at once; that might be noticed by someone and look strange. 
Locating the proper breakers, he snapped them off quickly and held up the cloth.

Moving back by the door, he listened as the women reacted to the kitchen lights
going off.  It took awhile as they tested light switches, but finally he could
hear someone walking down the hallway.  As he had hoped, it sounded like only
Pamela was making her way to the garage to check the circuit breakers.  He
pulled Sam behind the car and crouched down to wait.  She opened the door,
directed a flashlight to the wall and moved towards the breaker box.  She was
alone; apparently Linda had stayed in the house to confirm when the lights came
back on.  As Pamela looked the breakers over, he quietly moved towards her.  She
started flipping breakers and he covered the last few feet with a bound, sliding
the cloth in his hand over her face from behind and pinning her arms to her body
with his other hand.

She was startled and still for at least a second or two and then realized that
her attacker was back.  As she inhaled to scream, he crammed the chloroform
cloth further into her mouth and pulled her down to a sitting position on top of
him.  He then locked his legs around her legs to keep her from thrashing about
and making a loud noise by knocking something over.  Pamela couldn't move and
again her frightened breathing only made the chloroform work faster.  She
slumped against him within a few seconds and the struggle was over.  Hardly a
sound could have been heard from a few feet away.  He made sure she was out and
quickly grabbed some duct tape from the bag.  Her arms and legs were taped
securely within seconds and a piece of tape went over her mouth just to be sure. 
Sam had wandered over and was nosing around Pamela.

He picked up the flashlight and turned the breakers back off.  Linda was calling
that the lights were off again.  He doused the cloth with chloroform again. 
Then he slipped into the house and softly walked towards the kitchen where he
could hear Linda calling.  As he got close to the kitchen hallway corner, he
listened closely to fix her location exactly.  Then, he turned the corner,
seeing her dark outline a few feet away and at the same time switched on the
flashlight pointing it at her face to blind her.  She squawked, 'Hey, Pamela,
turn that thing off,' and then he was on her, dropping the flashlight and
clamping the cloth over her nose and mouth.  Linda was stunned and couldn't
figure out what was going on.  Her hesitation gave him the time he needed to
slide behind her and get his free arm around her.  Then Linda went wild as she
realized she was being attacked and he strained to hang on as she struggled with
incredible strength to get loose.

One hand did get free and went right for his face, raking his neck with her
nails.  Sonofabitch, he thought, she's going to poke an eye out if this stuff
doesn't work quickly.  He rolled over on top of her to get more leverage and
clamped the cloth even tighter.  Apparently, Linda was smart enough to hold her
breath but he knew she couldn't hold out forever.  His body weight did the
trick, keeping her under semi-control as she managed to wiggle all over the
floor while the cloth stayed glued to her face.  Finally, after what seemed like
minutes of fighting, he felt her muscles relaxing and she slumped to the floor.

He made sure she wasn't faking by pinching her tit hard and then sat up to catch
his breath.  What a wildcat that one is, he thought, she must lift weights every
day.  He pulled the tape from his coat pocket and taped her wrists and ankles
together with a few extra wraps.  Catching his breath, he picked Linda up and
lugged her into Pamela's bedroom where he threw her on the bed.  He grabbed the
flashlight and headed back to the garage where he flipped the breakers back on
and laughed as Sam was licking Pamela's face.  'Yep, she does taste good, Sam,"
he said.  He lifted her up and Sam padded along behind as he dropped her beside
Linda.  Another whiff of the cloth to each woman's nose and it was time to start
setting up equipment.

He retrieved his duffel bag and set up the camera equipment and microphone.  He
had a few extra items in the bag this time and they were placed within easy
reach of the bed.  He also climbed on a chair and screwed several long eye bolt
screws into the ceiling joists.  He noticed with a laugh that Pamela had had the
holes from the previous hook screws repaired and repainted.  Maybe I should
leave some money on the dresser when I take off, he thought, to pay for the
sheet rock damage.  He also moved a dining room chair into the bedroom.

He went back to the bed and whiffed the women again.  He couldn't help noticing
how striking Linda was up close in person with her muscled body and tanned good
looks.  Not quite in Pamela's league, he thought, but awfully good looking.  He
was rock hard already just looking at them and they were still dressed.  He
eagerly started to change that as he pulled Linda's spandex bra and gym shorts
off.  She was a natural blonde according to her pussy hair, which was waxed into
a thin line above her slit.  Her tits were firm and round, not nearly as large
as Pamela but definitely photo material.  What really caught his attention,
though, was the size of her nipples.  Even relaxed, her nipples were huge and
engorged, like marbles sitting on top of her baseball sized tits.  She must look
fantastic in a thin bra or t-shirt, he thought.  She also had a tattoo of a rose
on her butt cheek.  Sam apparently found her interesting too, as he was sniffing
around all over her body.

Now for the set decoration.  He cut Linda's wrist and ankle tape loose and
pulled some clothes from the bag.  Quickly, he slipped a leather bondage style
bra and panties on her, the type of bra that went under the tits and held them
up and out fully exposed.  The panties were really just a leather thong with a
split crotch for complete access to the pussy and asshole.  A leather collar
with studs and metal rings completed the look.  He grabbed a hypodermic from the
bag and carefully shot its contents into Linda's arm.  The mixture was a heavy
combination dose of a muscle relaxant and sodium pentathol, which would keep
Linda awake but groggy, pliable and disoriented.  She would also be highly
suggestive due to the chemical mix.

He carried Pamela to the hall, started the cameras, panned the room and bed
where Linda looked like she was sleeping in her kinky leather outfit and carried
Pamela into the room again.  He stripped her clothes and restraint tape off and
only put on another leather collar with rings.  Her nude body was as amazing as
last time, slim, long legs and large, full cantaloupe sized tits that you could
get lost in.  Her pussy hair had grown back from the previous shaving but he had
something planned for that.  He couldn't help leaning over and kissing her
deeply, while fondling her tits and pussy.  He knew he was more than a bit
infatuated with her.  Finally, he joined in the costume parade by stripping and
putting on a leather hood, a leather motorcycle vest and leather shorts.  A few
temporary tattoos on his arms and chest put on earlier in the day completed the
look.  This group was definitely into leather.  He thought his film collectors
would appreciate the costuming.  Pamela didn't get a needle shot; her reactions
needed to be alert and real for the camera.

He filled some glasses with tequila and staged the bedroom by pulling ropes
through the ceiling hooks and putting handcuffs and a ball gag on Pamela.  Then
he pretended to wake Linda up, hoisted her to her feet, and play acted some
instructions to her about pleasing him and disciplining the new slave.  When her
eyes fluttered open and she could shakily maintain her balance, he picked up a
glass and took a drink, then held the glass to her mouth, spilling it down her
throat and chin.  Linda coughed and sputtered as he laughed for the camera,
slapping her tits and butt as she tried to catch her breath.  Her groggy state
kept her stumbling around and he knew that to an audience she would look drunk. 
He grabbed her arms and held them high over her head with one hand while he
grabbed her tits with the other, squeezing them hard for the cameras, pulling on
the big nipples and rubbing her pussy.  She feebly protested but could barely
stay standing.

He sat down in the chair and put her over his knee with her butt up in the air. 
He spanked her hard ten or so times, turning her butt a glowing red even through
her tan.  She wiggled a little but could only manage a few faint 'No, no, ahhh,
owwww,' sounds and a few flails of her arms.  Sam got a little excited by the
spanking action and jumped around them trying to get in on the play time.  Then
he stood her up and faked a hard punch to her stomach, only hitting her hard
enough to push her down into the chair.  He left her there swaying and flopping
around while he tended to Pamela.

Pamela was still on the bed and starting to come around.  He dragged her
underneath one of the eye bolt screws and ropes where he tied the rope to her
handcuff chain and started pulling on the rope to lift her to a standing
position.  She stumbled a few times but finally managed to get her feet under
her as her eyes blinked away the chloroform.  Sam went right over to her crotch
to sniff some more.  'A natural on camera,' he laughed out loud.  He pulled her
handcuffs upward until she was fully extended in an upright position.  Then he
put cuffs on her ankles and stretched her legs out to the sides using a spreader
bar he had brought along.

With her legs stretched out like that and her toes barely touching the floor, it
would take all of her energy just to keep the handcuff pressure off of her
wrists.  As she came fully awake, she caught sight of him and looked around in
disbelief at Linda and the room.  She started whipping her head and struggling
violently as she realized he was back and she was helpless to stop him from
doing anything he wanted.  Her screams and cries were muted by the tight ball
gag effectively, leaving only her wild eyes to protest what was coming.

He watched her for a few moments.  Excited by all the movement, Sam jumped up on
her, put his front paws on her stomach and licked her tits.  Perfect lead-in, he
thought as he approached Pamela.  She watched in fear as he got close and
resumed trying to yell through the ball gag.  He leaned over to her ear while he
roughly fondled her body and said in an accented voice, "I'm back.  I had to
come back.  You and I are real good together.  I think you were hoping I'd come
back, judging from the way you begged me for all those orgasms last time.'  He
stared into her hateful eyes and smiled as her hard look slowly ran off her
face.  She was remembering her submission and pleasure from the previous rape. 
'If you're good for the cameras again, you won't get real hurt and I'll make
sure you orgasm as much as you want.'  She started struggling again and he was
glad; a little fight left made for better footage.  He didn't want a limp fish
star actress.

He grabbed a bottle from the floor and poured some liquid into his hands.  Not
massage oil this time, but a mixture of hamburger and steak juice which he
started rubbing into Pamela's pussy and asshole.  Immediately, Sam came over and
started sniffing her pussy.  His long tongue came out and vigorously began
licking her tasty pussy.  With her legs split apart, she couldn't stop his
tongue from quickly making its way between her pussy lips, exposing her clit and
cunt opening.  Pamela tried to jerk away from Sam at first, but Sam stuck right
on her pussy.  He zoomed in one of the cameras on her pussy as Sam's impressive
tongue kept up a rapid licking rhythm.  He poured some more juice on her pussy
and left Pamela to Sam's attentions.

He turned back to Linda and rubbed juice into her cracks as well.  He also
grabbed her tits, squeezing the oversize nipples a bit and pulled her stumbling
up to her feet.  She wasn't quite sure what was happening and could do nothing
other than follow his lead.  He turned her towards Pamela and grabbed a leather
paddle from the floor.  He put it in her hand and positioned her by Pamela's
butt.  He urged her to start spanking the woman in front of her, saying that
Pamela had tried to steal Linda's clothes and hurt the dog.  He kept up the
verbal suggestions while guiding her hand for a few initial smacks on Pamela's
ass.  Finally, Linda started doing it herself, groggily focused on swatting
Pamela's ass and not falling over.  She gradually got the hang of it and with
her strength started landing some good, sharp blows.  He doubted if she realized
it was Pamela she was whacking.

He checked the camera angles and watched Sam eagerly licking Pamela's pussy
while Linda was getting in a rhythm of hitting Pamela with hard smacks. 
Pamela's butt was already red and she was caught between Sam in front and Linda
in back.  The paddle whacks were driving her body forward and shoving her pussy
into Sam's tongue.  Sam in turn was licking and pushing her back towards Linda. 
He could see Pamela's pussy lips opened wide and her clit large and shiny in the
open.  Sam's tongue was doing the trick.  It was not long before Pamela was not
struggling anymore, in fact, she had closed her eyes and was moving her hips in
little pelvic motions towards Sam.  The paddle smacks only caused her to briefly
open her eyes and glance down at Sam's tongue.  When Pamela's face began to get
red and her breathing was ragged, he went over to the side away from Linda's
swings and reached out to pinch Pamela's nipples.  She gasped as he pinched and
rolled the nipples back and forth between his fingers.  He told her to open her
eyes and look at him as she came.  She locked eyes with his and he watched as
her face got beet red and her chest started heaving.  He continued pulling on
her nipples until suddenly, she shrieked through the ball gag and her entire
body started convulsing as Sam kept up his relentless licking and Linda kept
trying to hit her swaying ass with the paddle.  Pamela's head whipped around and
around as her hips jerked back and forth, her body swinging by the arms from the
ceiling this way and that.  He pulled Linda off to one side and watched as
Pamela slowly came back from the fire that had shot through her body.  Finally,
Sam dropped his muzzle and took a breather too, although he soon nosed around to
Pamela's ass where he found some more juice to lick.

He led Linda to the chair where he sat her down and tied her legs spread to the
chair legs.  He then brought Sam over to Linda where he happily started licking
Linda's stationary and juicy pussy.  Linda was so out of it that she actually
reached out and started rubbing Sam's head and neck as he licked her pussy.  She
floated in some happy fog where the pussy licking seemed like a dream to her. 
She leaned back and started playing with her tits and nipples.  He positioned a
camera to capture the action and turned back to Pamela.

Pamela was just hanging there motionless, exhausted from her orgasm.  'See, that
didn't take you as long as last time,' he told her.  He freed her hands and
ankles and pulled her to the bed.  She went face down on the edge of the end of
the bed, her chest on the bed but her butt off the edge, kneeling on some
cushions he placed on the floor.  He tied her knees to each bed frame corner and
her wrists were pulled out to each side of the bed and a rope under the bed
pulled her wrists tightly apart.  She was spread-eagled in a kneeling position
with her ass and pussy fully exposed right at the top of the mattress.

He went back to Linda who was totally into shoving her pussy and ass outwards
towards Sam's tongue and playing with her clit and nipples.  He rubbed some more
meat juice on Linda's pussy and watched her head lolling back and forth as her
tongue was rapidly licking her lips.  He could hear her ragged breathing and
knew she was close to coming.  As Sam continued to lick her clit and asshole,
she started pulling hard on her nipples, stretching them out as far as she
could.  She used all her strength to pull her nipples straight out from her
chest, rhythmically jerking them out as far as she could pull them.  Now he knew
why her nipples were so big in the first place; Linda clearly got off on extreme
nipple stimulation and a lifetime of orgasms had thickened and stretched her
nipples considerably.  He watched as her body muscles tightened and tightened,
ripples outlined everywhere.  She started shaking and yelling and he had to go
over and clamp his hand over her mouth. 

He kept his hand firmly on her mouth as she screamed and started bouncing around
on the chair.  With a loud, muffled yell, she jerked up from the chair to an
almost standing position.  Her muscles were straining hard against him and the
leg ropes.  He barely kept her from flopping around the room.  As Sam kept his
tongue on her pussy, she pulled her nipples and tits straight out from her chest
again and again and her orgasm just kept going.  He marveled at her gorgeous
body and couldn't wait until he had a chance to play games with those nipples
himself.  He was practically creaming his leather shorts watching Linda squirm.

Apparently, Sam's nose had gotten completely soaked from the combination of
Linda's pussy juices and Sam's dog saliva.  As she settled down, Sam pulled away
and rubbed his muzzle with his paw, trying to get dry.  He laughed at Sam's
antics and thought about how to get Linda into a few more scenes.  However, she
was on resolution break for a few minutes and he tied her arms to the chair and
went back to Pamela.

Still tied in the kneeling position, Pamela had been watching Linda's orgasm. 
Now, she flinched as she anticipated him invading her cunt or ass.  He smiled as
he watched her tighten up her ass.  Almost right, he thought.  He grabbed a tube
of lubricant from the floor and rubbed a gob into Pamela's asshole and pussy,
sliding a finger in and out of her holes to work the lub in.  Then, he called
Sam over and let him nose Pamela again.  Pamela suddenly got the idea and
started thrashing around but she was tied tight.  She could only move an inch or
two in any direction.  Pamela's face was a mask of horror at the thought of Sam
mounting her, her disgust and fear written all over her beautiful features.  Sam
was a good size German Shepherd, at least 80 pounds, and was already showing the
tip of a wet, red penis.  He reached over and started massaging Sam's sheath as
Sam nosed into Pamela's ass and it only took a moment for Sam's penis to extend
and start engorging.  Sam had gotten the idea too and he started climbing up on
Pamela's back to get in humping position.  He let Sam try to make the connection
on his own, watching in amusement as Pamela tried to move her butt and pussy
away from Sam's probing penis.  By now, Sam's penis was at least 6 inches long
and growing.  It was pretty thick for a dog and his penis knot was starting to
fill out, too.

He positioned a camera properly and then helped guide Sam's penis into Pamela's
cunt.  Once the tip was in, Sam pulled himself in closer and started a quick
pumping rhythm into Pamela.  Pamela was still trying to shake Sam off, but the
big, muscular German Shepherd was there to stay.  Pamela whimpered through the
ball gag, as Sam now had his entire penis deep inside Pamela, driving in and
out.  Sam's knot was pushing up against Pamela's pussy lips every thrust and it
looked like it would not be long before the knot slipped all the way in.  Sam's
pumping was also forcing his knot against Pamela's clit every thrust and to her
horror, Pamela found that the combination of the penis driving deep and the knot
hitting her clit area every shove was making her body respond.  She couldn't
help herself as she began to push back just a little as Sam drove in each time,
feeling her pussy get filled up and her clit get rubbed.

He watched for a moment and then dropped his leather shorts for the camera,
releasing his hard-on which quickly grew to his normal 8 inches.  Moving to the
bed, he climbed on and sat spread-legged in front of Pamela's head, scooting
closer to her face until he could hold her head in his hands above his dick.  He
watched her face and eyes as Sam kept pumping and she responded even as she knew
she would have to suck him off.  He didn't have to order her to open her mouth;
he released the ball gag and she just opened wide and lowered her lips to his
penis, using her tongue to massage his dickhead and run up and down his shaft. 
He reached over her shoulders and pulled each big tit out to the side where he
could play with them, as she bobbed her head up and down on his throbbing dick. 
He thought this was a great camera shot.

Sam was pushing with shorter strokes now and, with a sharp moan from Pamela, it
was clear that his big knot had slipped into Pamela's cunt.  He continued to
play with her nipples and tits as she sucked on his dick.  He let her control
the pace for once and just enjoyed the incredible sensations and visual
excitement of watching Sam approach his climax.  Pamela seemed to have forgotten
she was getting fucked by a dog and was getting close again, too, as her face
was getting red while she gasped between each swallow of his dick.  Sam was a
machine, he thought, as Pamela got slammed forward time after time by Sam's
driving hips.  Finally, he felt his own balls start to tighten and his cum start
rising.  He pinched her tits hard and pulled on them to try and put her over the
top.  It worked, as just as Sam gave a mighty heave into Pamela and shuddered,
Pamela opened her mouth for a moment and started to yell.  He quickly shoved her
head back down on his dick as Sam shot his dog cum into Pamela's cunt over and
over again, and Pamela jerked backwards against Sam, keeping the pussy pressure
up as her orgasm overwhelmed her.  She rocked into the bed, squirming her hips
around, muscles completely tensed, as her chest heaved upwards with rhythmic
jerks.  As the orgasm continued to move her, he grabbed her head and started
fucking her mouth to put him over the edge.  She helped with some tongue action
and he pulled her head off just in time for a stream of cum to shoot from his
dick hole and swirl her face with strings of white, glistening cum.  He could
not resist pushing her mouth back on him again and he rocked in ecstasy as he
pumped shot after shot of cum into her mouth.

When his pumping spasms stopped and he felt his dick start softening, he told
her to look at the camera and squirt the cum out of her mouth over her lips and
let it drip down her chin.  He knew the cameras were picking up his cum dripping
down her chin at the same time Sam's dog cum was dripping out of her cunt.  He
told her to lick his dick clean and she did that.  Wait a second, he thought,
she's got no fight left at all.  She enjoyed that too much.  Well, he could fix
that, he thought.  He leaned back, scooted closer to her face and pulled his
knees up and told her to lick his asshole.  She hesitated a little but plunged
in and gave him a good rimming.  She even pushed her tongue into his asshole
without being told.  Well, good for the camera, he thought, letting her continue
the rim job as he planned the next scene.

When Pamela's tongue slowed down and he felt the stirrings of a hard-on
returning, he put the ball gag back on and untied her.  Moving her to a similar
kneeling position on top of the mattress towards the head of the bed, he tied
her knees and wrists to the bed frame corners.  Then, he went over to Linda
relaxing peacefully in the chair and untied her wrists and ankles, pulling her
to her feet.  He led her to the bed and made her lie down on her back on the bed
so that her head was right by Pamela's ass and her hips were on the edge of the
foot of the bed.  He tied her arms down the sides of the bed and then took each
leg and bent them back towards the head of the bed, tying them off so that each
ankle was near to her head.  He remembered he had screwed Pamela like that the
first time, although he had more action in mind for Linda.  Linda was muscular
but limber and his eyes wandered over the rippling muscles again.  Her pussy and
asshole were totally exposed due to her bent back position and his dick was
starting to rise to the occasion.

He told Pamela to raise up in the air and she lifted her butt off the bed,
facing away from him and Linda.  He moved Linda's head under Pamela's pussy and
told Pamela to lower herself on Linda's face.  Pamela hesitated and he thought
that she probably had never been with a woman before.  He reached out and
roughly shoved her down on Linda's nose.  He ordered Linda to lick Pamela's
pussy and gave her ass a hard slap to get her started.  She was slow to move her
tongue and he really gave her a whack, leaving a red outline of his hand on her
ass cheek.  Linda seemed confused but reached out with her tongue and began to
lick Pamela's pussy lips.  He watched for a moment, wondering how the dog cum
dripping from Pamela's pussy tasted.  He made sure that Pamela kept her pussy
down low on Linda's face.  Then standing at the foot of the bed, he grabbed his
dick and rubbed it up and down Linda's pussy, slipping it in and out quickly as
a little teaser of things to come.  Party girl Linda responded immediately and
started energetically licking Pamela's clit as he tantalized her with his dick. 
When she was squirming all over trying to get more of his length in, he shoved
in as far as he could and let her thrust her hips up and down on his dick.  The
feeling was great as Linda used her cunt muscles to squeeze his dick while
moving her pussy a couple inches in and out on his pole.  Finally, he started
pumping in and out of her slit, going as deep as possible and then pulling all
the way out to the tip of his dickhead before plunging back in again.

Linda was already starting to go wild, moving her whole body around.  Her head
moved with it, sliding her tongue all over Pamela's pussy.  Pamela had finally
started reacting again, too, as Linda's tongue probed and licked every fold of
her pussy, massaging her clit until her pussy started lubricating again with
sweet juices.  Clearly, Linda had licked a pussy or two before and definitely
knew better than Sam how to get Pamela excited.  Pamela started grinding her
pussy into Linda's face and although he couldn't see Pamela's expression, he
knew she was enjoying the ride.  He continued pumping Linda hard and reached out
to grab her nipples.  She moaned when he pinched and rolled her nipples, which
now could be stretched for over inch.  He pulled on them hard, forcing her tits
close to the ripping point as she was literally lifted off of the bed.  Her face
was pulled even tighter into Pamela's pussy and Pamela returned the pressure
until Linda's head was bent back to the bed with her chest arched up a foot off
the mattress.  Linda only moaned louder.  He squeezed her nipples hard and
started slamming harder into Linda's pussy, ramming his dick even deeper into
her.  His balls were smashed against her butt every thrust, but the pain only
made him more excited.  He was completely recovered from his previous orgasm and
his dick was full length again.

He shoved into Linda as if he was trying to knock her off the bed.  He pulled
her nipples every which way, trying to see where her pain threshold was.  Linda
only got more frantic, licking Pamela's cunt and asshole as if her life depended
upon it.  Pamela was obviously heating up again, swirling her hips and ass over
Linda's tongue and face, searching for the perfect pressure.  He watched Pamela
carefully, trying to predict when he could make them all cum at the same time. 
He didn't have to wait too long as Pamela suddenly lowered her entire weight on
Linda's face and started jerking.  He knew she was overcome by a furious orgasm
ripping up her body from Linda's skilled tongue.  Linda struggled to get her
mouth free from under Pamela to breath as he continued to slam her.  Pamela had
a serious talent for multiple orgasms, he thought.  He pinched Linda's nipples
some more and watched her start to spasm as her own orgasm overwhelmed her. 
Only Pamela mashing her pussy on Linda's mouth kept Linda from screaming her
climax to the neighborhood.  Linda's strength increased the pressure on his dick
as she wiggled her ass in response to each muscle jerk.  He continued to abuse
her nipples but pulled his rod out to prolong his erection.  Pamela had
collapsed in a heap and Linda had managed to get her head slightly to the side
of Pamela's ass so she could breathe.  Both women heaved as they tried to catch
their breath.  Not a bad camera shot, he thought.

He untied Pamela's wrists and knees and half carried her over to the chair.  He
let her slump in the chair, half asleep, and called Sam over to the bed.  Linda
was moaning softly with her pussy all swelled up nicely from his pounding and
her orgasm.  He rubbed some more meat juice in her pussy and left her in the
exposed position with her ankles tied up near her head.  He wanted to get Sam
back in the camera action.  Sam was already showing the tip of his penis as he
approached the bed.  Sam nosed into Linda and licked her meat juice covered
pussy for a minute or two.  He then told Sam to get up and placed his paws on
either side of Linda's hips on the bed.  That brought Sam's growing penis right
up to Linda's ass and Sam started poking around to feel for a hole to push into. 
He guided Sam's penis into Linda's asshole and then watched as Sam started
humping away.  Sam's penis slid into her asshole pretty easily.  He had expected
Linda's butt muscles to put up a fight, but the drugs had obviously relaxed her
quite a bit.  Linda was making little protest moans each time Sam shoved into
her asshole and at the same time appeared to be still coming down from her
climax.  Wait til Sam gets his knot up your ass, he thought, that will really
make you moan.  Sam's penis was shoving tight in Linda's asshole and her perfect
butt moved in rhythm to Sam's action.  Sam would be a while he knew, so he left
a camera zoomed in on the steady Sam humping machine, while he turned back to
Pamela.

As he turned around, he caught a glimpse of movement and ducked just in time to
avoid Pamela swinging a bottle at his head.  Damn, he thought, I didn't re-tie
her.  She must have been pretending to be exhausted and half-asleep.  He caught
her arm as it went by and jerked her off balance towards him.  She stumbled into
him and he grabbed the hand holding the bottle and squeezed as hard as he could
until she was in agony and had to drop it.  Then he put his other hand around
her throat and said, 'Don't ever try that again.  I'll have to hurt you bad the
next time.'  She looked down and went soft in his hands and he knew she was
giving up her last ounce of fight.  To emphasize the point, he gave her a shot
to the solar plexus and knocked the wind out of her for a moment.  As she bent
over in pain, he pulled her into the chair on his lap and made her watch Sam
piston his penis in and out of Linda's asshole.  He fondled her tits and pussy
as they watched Sam try to drive his knot past Linda's sphincter muscles.  It
was muscle against muscle and even though Linda was excited, her butt was trying
to resist Sam's constant pounding.  This was a good sporting match, he thought,
massaging his still rock hard dick with his hand while watching the action.  His
placed his rod under Pamela's ass as they sat in the chair, and spread her legs
so that his dick could reach her pussy.

Pamela didn't resist and even seemed to help a little as his dickhead slipped
into her cunt.  She continued to watch Sam and Linda as he started shoving up
into her while playing with her gorgeous tits and nipples.  Sam's knot was
starting to slide partway into Linda's asshole each thrust now and they watched
and waited for the moment the big knot made it all the way in her butt.  Linda
had a good sweat going, as she tensed her butt on every thrust, trying to block
the big knot forcing its way into her slippery asshole.  Pamela was moving on
his dick now, swirling her hips to accentuate his thrusting as Sam plowed away. 
Finally, with a yelp from Linda that almost made him jump up to gag her, Sam's
knot pushed in and locked Linda to him.  Now, her butt could only move as he
moved.  His knot acted like a tether, jerking her forward and backward as he
continued to pump.  Sam's big penis was fully extended now and the tip of his
sheath was shoving into Linda's cheeks each push.  He figured Sam had 6 inches
of penis and almost a 3 inch diameter knot up Linda's asshole.

When Sam's big knot pushed completely into Linda's ass, Pamela leaned over to
get a closer look and started breathing heavy.  He could feel her pussy muscles
gripping his dick, making him harder, as she rode up and down on him while
watching Sam push and pull Linda around the end of the bed.  He leaned around
her shoulder and pulled a tit up to his mouth.  He sucked on her nipple as he
fondled the tit and then switched the nipple to his fingers, massaging it in
rhythm.  She increased the speed of her ride and he matched her with his
thrusts.  He whispered into her ear, 'Cum hard, real hard,' and continued
sucking her nipple.  His other hand started playing with her clit as her pussy
rode him.  Pamela closed her eyes and started moaning.  He went frantic with his
fingers on her clit and pushed his butt off the chair a little to get deeper
into her.  Her fingernails dug into his thighs as he felt her pussy swell and
grip his dick even harder.  After a couple of minutes of rapid clit rubbing, and
with a final twist of her nipple, she let out a little scream and pushed back
against his dick as hard as she could.  She leaned back into him as she squirmed
and he was intoxicated with her neck and hair fragrance.  He held on as she rode
him down her climax.  Shit, he thought, she's on fire; it doesn't take hardly
anything to get her pussy hot again.  He had never known a woman that could
orgasm as easily as Pamela, although Linda didn't seem too far behind in the
easy to get excited category.

He hadn't come yet and after she had slowed down to a slow rotation of her hips,
she suddenly stopped and tried to stand up.  He grabbed her hard, but she looked
at him and said, 'Let me turn around.'  She did and draped her spread legs up
and over the padded chair arms and lowered her pussy back onto his dick. 
Putting her arms around his neck, she started riding him up and down again,
using her legs to lever herself, and in this position he could go much deeper
into her cunt.  Her tits were rubbing his chest, too, and he grabbed them with
both hands.  The full length of his dick was being squeezed and rubbed by her
pussy and he quickly felt his balls starting to tighten.  Pamela's beautiful
face was only inches from his.  For a moment he forgot the film project and lost
himself in the moment, sucking on her nipples and licking her neck.  She began
watching him for signs that he was going to come and he stared right back into
her eyes.  She grabbed his nipple with her fingernails and pinched it as they
moved.  The light pain made him all the more excited.  As his balls went tight
and his cum started to rise, he loosened the ball gag, kissed her and kept
kissing her as he exploded into her.  She didn't pull away but keep driving her
pussy down on his dick, taking every inch he could give her and squeezing him
dry with her muscles.  Her luscious lips and tongue remained on his until he was
soft and sliding out of her pussy.

Pamela almost had a hint of smile on her face as she watched him relax against
her.  He cautioned himself to stay on guard; she might have another escape
attempt up her sleeve.  They glanced together over at Sam and Linda.  It was
clear that Sam was on the final strokes as his panting tongue was flopping
everywhere, drool flicking all over Linda's stomach.  Sam was pulling with his
paws on the bed to shove deeper into Linda.  Linda's eyes and mouth were wide
open and she was straining to look down at her pussy but her bound position
prevented much of a look.  She must wonder what is inside of her ass, he
thought.  She grunted with each stoke but it sounded like a pleasurable grunt. 
He told Pamela to get up and go over to Linda and massage her clit.  Pamela did
as he said.  He followed and stood beside Pamela, watching her fingers rub
Linda's clit in a fast circular motion.  He bent over, took one of Linda's
nipples in his mouth and bit down hard.  Linda jerked away but only moaned a
little.  He alternated nipples, biting and pulling on them with his teeth.  They
watched as Linda suddenly arched her back off of the bed and shuddered, muscles
rippling as she shook.  Sam shook the bed and Linda with a few final big humps
and started making a dog throat noise with each push.  Sam was obviously
shooting a huge load of dog cum into Linda's ass.  Linda kept shaking and
shuddering as Sam pushed and pulled, Linda's ass following every movement as
Sam's knot jerked her around.  Finally, they both stopped humping and laid there
without movement.  He wondered how long it would take for Sam's knot to soften
enough to pull out of Linda's ass.

Pamela looked at him with searching eyes as if to ask, 'what next?'  She seemed
to have something to say.  He glanced at the cameras and hesitated.  He knew
their relationship had changed somehow but he didn't know what that meant.  His
first priority was to finish enough film to edit into a killer video.  Yet, all
he could think about was holding Pamela close and continuing to caress and
fondle her.  The overwhelming feeling made him uncomfortable.  He tightened her
ball gag again and got up.

He realized Pamela had had it easy so far.  She had enjoyed the action a little
too much and he wanted to get back to a leather theme again.  He remembered she
had a lubbed up asshole ready to go.  He didn't want to leave out a camera angle
featuring her beautiful ass, so he pulled her over to the ceiling hooks and
cuffed her hands behind her.  Then he used a rope through a hook to pull her
hands up high in the air, forcing her to bend over at the waist until her head
and torso were horizontal.  Each ankle was tied off again with the spreader bar,
fully exposing her butt and pussy from behind.  Sam had finally pulled his
softening penis and knot out of Linda's butt.  He untied Linda and let the
circulation return to her legs and arms.  She was still in her drug fog and
docilely let him lead her around.  He picked up a strap-on dildo from his
equipment and tied it in place on Linda.  Then he whispered in Linda's ear that
Pamela had just fucked Linda in the ass and wanted Linda to do her.  He lined
Linda up behind Pamela and adjusted a camera to catch the action.

He put the tip of the dildo on Pamela's asshole and laughed as she started
swinging her butt around to avoid the dildo.  He told Linda that Pamela was
being bad and needed punishment before Linda fucked her.  He gave Linda a small
leather whip and told her to whip Pamela's ass and legs until she was a good
girl.  Linda slowly got the message and slapped a weak hit across Pamela's butt. 
He told her to make sure she could see red marks every time she whipped Pamela
and to try again.  This time Linda put some muscle into it and the whip streaked
across her butt and landed with a crack.  Pamela jerked in agony as red stripes
appeared on her ass.  "That's it,' he told Linda, 'That will make her a good
girl.'  Linda swung again across Pamela's thighs.  And again on her back and
then to her ass again.  Linda was getting in a rhythm and he had no doubt Pamela
was in great pain as tears began to run down her cheeks.  Linda was one strong
girl and her foggy mind was focused on doing a good whipping job.  He watched as
Pamela jerked and sobbed in response to each swing of Linda's arm, and enjoyed
the bounce of Linda's muscled body on each swing.

He took another rope and tied it to Pamela's collar ring, threading it through
another ceiling hook.  Then he loosened the rope pulling up her hands while
pulling on the collar rope to bring her back to a standing position.  Linda was
still swinging away on Pamela's back and legs.  He admired the almost solid red
welt Pamela's backside had become as he led Linda around to the front of Pamela. 
He whispered to Linda, 'Pamela said your tits are too small; why don't you show
her tits who is boss?'  Linda's eyes grew wide at the insult and she needed no
further prodding to start whipping Pamela's big tits.  Soon, Pamela was sobbing
again as Linda kept up a steady assault on her tits, stomach and thighs. 
Occasionally, Linda got a blow on Pamela's pussy as well and soon her entire
front side was as red as her backside.  No skin was broken, but he knew it was
painful.  When he thought he had enough film action, he removed the neck rope
and pulled up the hand rope again, bending Pamela back over.  He took the whip
away from Linda and positioned her behind Pamela again.  Placing the dildo on
Pamela's asshole, he told Linda to shove in.

The dildo slipped into Pamela's asshole, stretching it wide around the dildo's
shiny surface.  It took Linda a few tries to get the thrusting motion down
right, but it wasn't long before she grabbed hold of Pamela's hips and had the
dildo shoving in and out of Pamela with long strokes.  Pamela shook with protest
while trying to pull away from Linda and the long invader painfully stretching
her asshole.  Linda's firm grip on her ensured that Pamela could do nothing;
Linda was much stronger and Pamela was impaled on the dildo as long as Linda
wanted to keep it in her ass.  Pamela's big tits were hanging towards the floor,
shaking with each shove by Linda.  He grabbed some equipment and snapped two
nipple clamps on Pamela while she tried to rear up in protest.  The hand rope
kept her down and he hung two weights from the clips, watching as they weighted
her heavy breasts down.  They swung back and forth in time to Linda's intense
dildo action.

Getting an idea, he whispered to Linda that Pamela said Linda couldn't stretch
her nipples as far as Pamela could, and slipped two clamps on Linda, too.  Linda
hardly reacted to the sharp nipple clamp pressure and he hung double weights on
each of Linda's tits.  Linda just kept shoving the dildo in and out of Pamela's
ass.  Linda and Sam are two fucking machines, he thought, watching Linda's
nipples stretch out.  He added another weight to each tit and then another. 
Linda only moaned and it looked like she was getting aroused again.  The dildo
base was hitting against her clit on each shove and it was clear that the clit
and nipple stimulation was having an effect.  He added yet another weight to
Linda's nipples and figured they were now stretched out over an inch.  Linda's
only response was to increase the tempo of her ass rape of Pamela and start
panting from the exertion and stimulation.  Linda's chest was a blur of swinging
tits and weights.  Pamela was somewhere between lots of pain and a little bit of
pleasure, judging from her facial expressions.

Linda grabbed the dildo with one hand as she rammed Pamela, grinding the base
into her own clit as she increased to a frenzied thrusting in and out of Pamela. 
He waited until she was red in the face and her breathing was ragged, then
pulled hard on Linda's nipple weights towards him.  Her tits were like cones
stretched straight out from her chest as the added pressure took her nipples to
the tearing point.  She suddenly stopped pumping Pamela and ground her pussy
into the dildo even more as an orgasm shot through her, jerking her pelvis
around.  He kept up the nipple pressure and she dropped her head as she tensed
her muscles over and over again, rubbing against the dildo in Pamela's ass.

He finally let the weights and her nipples drop back to her chest as she
crumbled to the floor, still grinding the dildo into her pussy.  She looked
unbelievably hot and he dragged her over beneath Pamela as Pamela continued to
hang in a bent over position looking straight down at Linda writhing on the
floor.  He moved behind Pamela and shoved his dick straight into her bruised
asshole, feeling her sore sphincter muscles once again tighten in protest.  He
pumped away as they watched Linda slowly come down from her orgasm.  Linda had
now unstrapped the dildo and turned it around, shoving it deep in and out of her
pussy as she pulled on her nipple weights herself to squeeze the last few spasms
out of the climax.  Linda rolled slowly around beneath Pamela as they both
watched her pussy and tit action.  Pamela's asshole had gripped his dick nicely
and he grabbed her hips to pull himself into her ass, slamming his balls into
her butt.  Her tits jiggled and swung around as he plunged deep again and again
until at last he shot a load of cum into her ass and continued letting her ass
muscles milk his dick.

He wasn't sure what to do next.  His dick was done; after several spurts in an
hour and a half, he felt limp with no more loads left for probably at least the
next 30 minutes or so.  He was out of ideas for a moment, but then Pamela lifted
her head and spoke up.  "Make her suck the dog off," she said.  He was startled,
but figured she was a little upset at the whipping and the reaming her asshole
had gotten from Linda's dildo attack.  With a laugh, he untied the rope holding
her hands high behind her, moved her handcuffs to the front and retied her hands
up above her head, stretching her up to the ceiling again.  The ball gag went
back on.  Her suggestion was better than he could come up with, so he brought
Sam over to where Linda was lying in a daze on the floor.  He bent over,
stroking her face and whispered to her that Pamela had bet him Pamela could suck
Sam off faster than Linda.  If Linda wanted to win the bet, she needed to prove
that she could suck Sam off faster.  Linda didn't quite get it at first, but he
repeated the suggestions a few times and she finally nodded and leaned over to
Sam, who was happily rolled over on his back getting a stomach scratch from his
fingers.  He adjusted the cameras and told Linda to get ready.

Linda didn't even bother to remove the nipple weights and the dildo from her
pussy.  She started massaging Sam's balls and penis sheath, looking for a sign
of excitement from Sam.  It didn't take but a moment and Sam's penis peaked out
in all of its pink, shiny glory, slowly extending outward.  He told Linda that
she had to beat a time of 3 minutes in order to win the bet and beat Pamela, and
that he would keep time for her.  He told her to start and she took Sam's half
rigid penis into her mouth with almost no hesitation as she kept massaging Sam's
balls.  He wondered how the taste compared to men.  Linda knew how to suck like
a pro, and he and Pamela watched her work her mouth magic on Sam's rapidly
thickening dog rod.  She went up and down licking and swirling her tongue, and
then would take the entire penis in her mouth and suck it from end to end, up
and down.  Then back out for more licking and swirling.  Sam was quickly rock
hard at full length in no time, tensing his legs and body with little jerky
motions.

Linda kept up a good pace and he got a little jealous that it was Sam on the
receiving end, not him.  She was incredible, deep throating Sam at one moment,
sucking only his penis tip the next and then slurping him up and down a moment
later.  Despite his worn out dick, he felt a few stirrings watching Linda, so he
moved one camera back to Pamela.  He sat down between her widely spread legs and
started squeezing her clit between his fingers and shoving other fingers up her
pussy.  He continued to keep an eye on Linda working away on Sam, but he was
enjoying playing around with Pamela.  Pamela didn't respond, she just hung there
watching Linda.  When he saw that Sam was starting to hump back to Linda's face,
he knew it couldn't be long before Sam shot his load.  He got up, rubbed some
more meat juice into Pamela's pussy and ass, and kneeled beside Linda.  He told
her that to prove she had sucked Sam off, she had to let Sam spurt all over her
face.  Then he adjusted the camera to catch the scene perfectly.  In a minute or
so, Linda suddenly lifted her mouth off Sam's penis and pointed it at her face
as Sam shot a big load of white dog cum straight into Linda's eyes and cheeks. 
Several more spurts followed as Linda kept up some hand action on Sam's penis. 
As Sam wound down, Linda tried to wipe the cum out of her eyes and eyelashes
while still milking Sam.

He took the opportunity to kneel down, take her hand off of Sam's penis and put
it on his own slowly hardening dick.  She couldn't really see as he told her to
hurry and keep sucking, Sam wasn't finished yet.  If she wanted to win the bet,
she had to keep sucking.  She dutifully leaned over and started sucking him off
with her incredible technique.  As she got rolling, he commanded Sam to go over
to Pamela.  He did and smelled the meat juice on her pussy.  Out came his tongue
again, splitting her pussy lips and exposing her clit to direct contact with
Sam's long licks.  The combination of Linda's efforts and watching Sam stimulate
Pamela finally got him going again.  He could feel the rush of blood back into
his dick and he surrendered to Linda's full length treatment.

He laughed as he saw Pamela slowly responding to Sam again, her pelvis turning
up to Sam's mouth, searching for more pressure from Sam's tongue.  Pamela's
breathing was speeding up again and she glued her eyes on Linda's mouth working
energetically up and down his shaft.  He reached over and grabbed Linda's nipple
weights, pulling on them to see if Linda reacted, but she was lost in the blow
job.  It was as if her life depended on making him come as fast as possible and
he admitted that she was getting close to achieving that goal.  She started deep
throating him over and over again, barely getting a breath in before she plunged
back down his length.  He could feel her tongue and throat muscles working his
dick, stimulating him from base to tip.  He moved a little to get a better angle
for her mouth and rested back on his elbows to watch the show.  Linda had to be
the best blow job he had ever gotten.

Pamela kept watching Linda as if she was studying for a final, all the while
getting redder in the face and swinging her hips into Sam's muzzle at an
increasing pace.  Her arms pulled tight above her head served to showcase her
awesome tits.  They were bouncing slowly up and down in time to her hips and the
sight was unbelievably sexy.  He felt his balls getting tighter and watched as
Linda paused, licked her finger and slipped it into his asshole, before going
back to work on his shaft.  She probed for a moment with her finger until she
found his prostrate gland and started rapidly massaging it to increase his
excitement level.  This was incredible.  The feeling made him super rock hard;
it was as if he was getting sucked off inside and outside at the same time. 
Linda certainly knew her stuff, he thought, and then suddenly thought, I hope
Pamela is learning some of this.

Pamela saw Linda's finger working away and only watched more intently as her
body started rocking.  He took in the scene with her tits bouncing and Sam
licking away and finally felt his cum stirring and threatening to rise.  Linda
felt the first taste of his pre-cum and pressed on his prostrate hard with her
finger.  The pressure made his building orgasm immediately multiple in intensity
ten fold.  He rocked back on his elbows as her mouth continued to suck him hard. 
He shot a load of cum in her mouth and rocked again as her finger pressured yet
another spasm.  She controlled the pace of his spasms with her finger and the
spurts were incredible.  This was new to him and he felt his pubic muscles
tensing with new found strength.  After the first few spurts, she pulled her
mouth off his dick and started rubbing her face with his dickhead as he
continued to spurt in reaction to her finger massage.  She kept him pumping for
a long time, way after he had run dry of cum.  He laid back for a moment to
recover as Linda slid her finger out of his ass.

He opened his eyes when he heard a muffled yell; Pamela was shaking from head to
toe as Sam's tongue finally brought her off.  Or was it from watching Linda's
blow job, he wondered?  In any event, Pamela was humping Sam's muzzle and
shaking about as her body was wracked with another climax.  He watched her tits
bouncing all over until they were all finally still again.  Linda broke the
silence by looking at him through strings of cum hanging all over her face and
asking, 'Did I win the bet?'  He started laughing out loud and he thought Pamela
was laughing through the ball gag, too.

He was ready to pack it in and get out of there.  He got up and got a bottle of
tequila from his stuff and took it over to Linda.  'Drink this,' he told her and
she placidly took the bottle and started swigging a few gulps.  He pulled the
bottle away and left her on the floor, trying to wipe her face off with the
bedspread.  He turned to Pamela and undid her ball gag.  'Leaving so soon?' she
asked in what sounded like an honest question.  It took him by surprise and he
wasn't quite sure how to respond.  'Well, what do you think we should do, if I'm
not going to leave?,' he finally responded.  Pamela shot back, 'I want to screw
Linda the way she screwed me.  I'm sure that you can find something to do with
her too.'  Apparently Pamela wasn't quite over the butt reaming she had got from
Linda earlier.

He decided, what the hell, and thought for a moment about how to move things
into position.  He untied Pamela and cuffed her to the bed leg for a moment,
just in case she was scheming something.  He made her drink a big swig of
tequila to slow her down a little.  Then he laid Linda down on the floor under
the ceiling hooks.  He ran ankle ropes up through some of the ceiling hooks,
pulling them tight and spreading her legs as wide as they could go, lifting her
butt into the air about three feet.  Only her back and arms rested on the
carpet.  Then he took a couple of thinner cords and ran them through hooks and
back down to her tits, where he tied each cord around and around her tits tight
enough to make each one bulge out from her chest.  He ordered Linda to push off
the floor with her hands and arms so that her upper body was up in the air also,
and then he pulled on the tit cords until her tits were pulled tight into the
air, forcing her to hold herself up in the air with her arms.  If she slacked
off and sank towards the floor, her tits would get pulled painfully up by the
cords, perhaps even ripping the skin if she sank too low.  She was stuck in a
position that would soon be very tiring to maintain.

He made sure her nipple clamps were on tight and then added more weight.  The
weights were pulling her nipples off to the side and stretching the nipples
fiercely.  He figured this was just the type of physical exercise Linda could
love to hate.  He turned back to Pamela and tied her spread eagled on the bed. 
'First, I have to do something about that big bush of yours,' he said.  He
grabbed a bottle of cognac and poured some over her pussy hair.  Then he got a
book of matches and lit one, holding it over her pussy for the cameras.  Pamela
did not like this move at all and was protesting wildly as best she could.  He
figured the cognac stung a little and she sure didn't seem to know that the
liquor would flame briefly and then go out too fast do any real harm.  Meantime,
her fear was real and made for a good camera scene.  He lit her pussy hair on
fire and watched as her bush flared up, singeing the hair off in a split second
of flame.  Then the liquor was gone and the flame with it.  At worst, Pamela
would have a skin irritation like a minor carpet burn, but the visual effect was
stunning with Pamela throwing herself all around the bed.  The end result was a
nice, bald pussy again and he took a moment to play with her pussy for the
camera, rubbing some lotion into the skin to relieve any irritation.

Then he uncuffed her and strapped the dildo on her, as Pamela wobbled to her
feet, obviously amazed that her pussy wasn't in agonizing pain.  'There she is,
all yours,' he said.  Pamela moved to Linda's widely spread legs and faced her
with the dildo in her hand.  She put the dildohead on Linda's asshole and
tentatively pushed.  Linda only swayed away from Pamela, her strong butt muscles
able to keep the dildo out of her asshole.  'Harder,' he said.  Pamela grabbed
Linda's leg with one hand and guided the dildo with her other hand, and shoved
hard.  This time, the dildo popped into Linda's ass with a grunt from Linda. 
Pamela watched it slide inside Linda's butt as she started pushing in and out,
establishing a rhythm to Linda's swaying body.  Each shove by Pamela caused the
cords to cut tighter into Linda's tits, as she was swayed backwards.  Linda's
arms struggled to hold her straining chest up as high as possible to relieve
some of the cutting pain.  Her tits slowly became purple and bulging to the
bursting point.  The weights continued to stretch her nipples off to each side. 
He was sure that her arms and tits were on fire.  After a few minutes, her arms
slowly started giving out.  Her tits stretched to the limit as the cords pulled
her purple balloons grotesquely away from her chest.  As she started sinking
towards the floor, he was afraid that her tits would start to tear and rip off
from her body weight.  He slid an ottoman from the living room under her,
lifting her up to take some pressure off her tits.  He kept the tit cords pulled
tight, though, and Linda's distended tits continued to swell.  Pamela drove into
Linda's ass with the dildo, watching Linda's struggles with a look of
satisfaction on her face.

He watched the action and the bouncing, swollen tits for a moment, then applied
another nipple clamp to Linda's clit.  Linda moaned in protest, and then started
yelping as Pamela reached over occasionally and pulled on the clit clamp and the
tit ropes.  He thought Pamela must be a latent bondage/sadomasochist the way she
was drilling Linda with the dildo and torturing Linda's tits and clit.  Not that
Linda objected very much; her mouth was open and her tongue rolling around
again, indicating she was getting excited once again.

Pamela stopped for a moment and asked if he had a bigger dildo.  He laughed and
exchanged the dildo for a larger one after rubbing some lub on it.  Pamela could
barely get her fingers around it and smiled as she attached it to the harness
and shoved it back into Linda's asshole.  Linda jerked and moaned as the fat
dildo plowed its way up her abused ass.  Her butt muscles were gripped as tight
as they could go without tearing around the dildo shaft.  Pamela just kept up a
rhythmic shoving that banged into Linda on each swaying motion.  Pamela looked
at him and said, 'Hit her tits with a whip.'  Well, wasn't Pamela getting into
the leather thing wholeheartedly?, he thought, thinking it was not a bad camera
idea, either.  He positioned a camera to take advantage and picked up a nice
leather riding crop.  He began hitting her painfully swollen tits with firm but
not damaging swings, aiming for her aureolas and nipples.  When he hit a clamped
nipple flush on, Linda would moan and shiver.  He kept it up in time to Pamela's
butt reaming, as Linda began moaning constantly.  It was hard to tell if she was
in extreme pain or just getting extremely aroused from the abuse, or both.

He stopped Pamela for a moment, reached down and grabbed a vibrator from the
floor.  He worked it up Linda's pussy and taped it securely in place before
turning it on to maximum vibration.  Pamela started shoving again and he went
back to hitting Linda's nipples with stronger flicks of his wrist.  There wasn't
much more in the way of stimulation they could do to Linda.  Every time Pamela
drove into Linda's ass, she banged into the vibrator, sending its buzzing shaft
deeper into Linda's cunt.  The vibrator had an immediate effect as Linda began
moving her hips around to vary the dildo and vibrator stimulation.  His dick
came back to semi-life, so he moved around to her head and pulled her head back
so he could stuff his floppy dick in her mouth.  He kept up the tit beating as
Linda's tongue began its stellar work, slowly bringing the blood flow back into
his growing erection.  Pamela just watched with her intense concentrated look,
looking for all the world as if she was solving a difficult puzzle.

When Linda had him stiff again and was taking him all the way down her wondrous
deep throat action, he aimed carefully and landed the riding crop tip right on
her clamped clit.  She almost bit into his dick from the unexpected pain before
loosening up a little.  He alternated between her nipples and her clit with the
whip as she continued to suck him off.  Linda clearly was a closet pain junkie,
as she responded more and more to the extreme stimulation.  When he judged Linda
was close to an orgasm, he gave her nipples several hard whips in a row.  It was
enough to get her over the edge and she screamed around his dick in her mouth,
as she started shaking and tensing muscles all over.  He kept up the nipple
whips and slipped in a few clit hits as well, enjoying the vision of her orgasm
rippling up and down her body.  She shook for a good minute with the mother of
all orgasms.  He marveled at the picture of her abused tits, the big dildo deep
in her ass, his dick down her throat and a vibrator wiggling in her cunt.

Pamela and he stopped moving only when Linda was finally still.  He pulled out
of her mouth and undid the cords abusing her tits and the ankle ropes.  He
pulled her off the ottoman and Linda fell to the floor writhing in pain as the
blood flow sped back into her swollen tits, bruised ass and clit.  Her tits were
definitely swollen larger from the cord torture and her asshole lips remained
open; the big dildo had stretched it so far it needed time to recover and
squeeze shut.

Pamela started to take off the dildo harness, but he stopped her and pushed her
to the floor kneeling in front of Linda.  'Grab her ankles,' he said, 'and bend
them up to her head.'  Pamela did and he reached down and pulled the vibrator
out of Linda, while guiding the big dildo into Linda's pussy.  'Start screwing,'
he ordered Pamela.  Pamela pushed the large dildo into Linda's wet pussy with
ease.  He kneeled down behind Pamela as she shoved in and out of Linda's cunt. 
Placing his dickhead on Pamela's asshole, he pushed in rhythm with Pamela and
slipped into Pamela's ass.  Together, they moved in tandem, she screwing Linda
and he pounding Pamela's ass.  Pamela had to hold Linda's legs up and back,
which left her tits free for him to fondle and squeeze.  He took full advantage,
kneading them deeply, pinching and stretching the nipples.  Linda was comatose,
oblivious to Pamela's pussy pounding.

At this point, he didn't care about anything but a good camera shot and a final
spurt into Pamela's ass.  He shoved hard into Pamela, driving her and the dildo
deep into Linda.  Linda took the big dildo in, her frequent fuck bouts with
dates apparently allowing her pussy to stretch to the occasion.  They kept up
the daisy chain pounding until at last he felt his cum rising.  With far less
than a full load spurting, he spasmed into her butt, milking what was admittedly
a half orgasm at best.  He just didn't have much cum left to give.

As he slowed, so did Pamela and they collapsed on top of Linda, who remained
completely out of it.  Her exertions together with the drugs and liquor had
finally put her out.  Pamela wasn't much better, awake but totally exhausted and
barely able to move.  He got up and started packing his things.  'Linda's drugs
will last another hour or so,' he told Pamela.  'She'll be fine tomorrow and the
drugs will wipe out her memory of almost everything.  Just put her to bed and
tell her that you both got really drunk, and you called some new guy over who
took advantage and fucked the hell out of both of you.  She'll be happy you got
laid.'  He finished packing up and put his clothes back on as he watched Pamela
lying there.

He had a wild idea and threw it out as much as a trial balloon as a serious
thought.  He put on a stern face and said, 'Pamela, you are going to do some
things for me.  First, you're going to buy four leather bondage outfits,
collars, cuffs, gags, all the goodies, for you two and your friends Bobby and
Sue.  Check out some adult toy shops.  Pick out any toys you think might be
interesting to use, because you and I are going to be using them on the others. 
You'll see what I mean.  Then, next month you will arrange for Linda, Bobby and
Sue all to come over on a night I pick.  You will give them drinks with a drug
in them that I send you.  Then, you and I are going to make another movie. 
Don't disappoint me.  I will be in touch.  Don't forget I will know if you
contact the police about any of this and for you and your family's sake, you'd
better not.'  He waited for her response.

Pamela looked at him steadily for several seconds.  Then, she slowly nodded and
lowered her face back to the floor.  He couldn't believe it; he might have
another sequel to shoot!  And he knew he couldn't stay away from Pamela, anyway. 
He would have to be very careful about being set up, but Pamela seemed genuinely
submissive and resigned to taking his orders.  And he knew she had been excited
by her abuse of Linda.  He went over to her, leaned down and pulled her face to
his.  He kissed her hard and deep for a long time.  Then he taped her wrists and
ankles to Linda's wrists and ankles to ensure enough time to get away.  A few
seconds later, he and Sam were out the garage and in the car.  He couldn't help
whistling as they pulled out of the alleyway and headed for home.

End of Chapter 2

__________________________




The Director - Chapter 3

He stared at the video image coming from Pamela's house.  Nothing seemed
suspicious, nothing seemed out of place.  Pamela was setting up her living room
with snacks and drinks for her friends, just as she was supposed to.  Linda,
Bobby and Sue were all coming over to watch a movie, or so they thought.  His
orders to Pamela were to serve drugged drinks and then handcuff herself to the
staircase and wait for him.  Only when that was accomplished was he going to
chance going to the house.

He had sent Pamela detailed instructions on how to use the drug and to keep
everyone in the living room.  He checked his equipment and watched as the women
arrived.  They chatted up a storm as Pamela offered the snacks and drinks.  His
camera view covered the living room area but not much else.  So far, the plan
was on track.  The women were starting to down their drinks while talking and he
watched carefully for signs the drug was taking effect.  The drug would take
longer to go in effect orally than if given by shot, but he expected some
reaction within 20 minutes.  The minutes slid by and almost in concert, the
other women began to slide down in their seats, slumping and shaking their heads
as they quickly became groggy and disoriented.  He could see Pamela watching
them for a few minutes to make sure they were ok and then she got up and went
over to a drawer.  She pulled out some handcuffs and shackled herself to the
staircase.  Yes, he thought, this is going to work.  She followed instructions
perfectly.

He threw his equipment bag in the old car, called his dog Sam, and they jumped
in and drove off towards Pamela's neighborhood.  They pulled into the same
alleyway behind Pamela's house and quietly moved to the garage.  Taking a moment
to pull on latex gloves and a nylon stocking, he played with the door lock.  A
moment later they were inside and he was carefully turning the knob on the house
door.  He softly walked down the hallway to the living room and peaked around
the corner.  Pamela was leaning against the staircase and the other women were
semi-conscious on the couch and chair.

He moved into the open and said to Pamela, 'Showtime, dear.'  She looked up and
asked, 'How did you know when to come in the house?'  Good, he thought, she
still doesn't know about the camera.  'Maybe I live next door,' he said.  He
made sure all the drapes were tightly shut.  Then he pulled a bottle of tequila
out of his bag and put it to her lips.  'Drink,' he ordered and she did,
coughing as the raw liquor burned its way down her throat.  He repeated the act
with the other women, pouring some liquor down their throats and holding their
mouth shut until they had managed to swallow it.  The women were coming around a
little and he started to get things ready.  He set up his cameras and started
them rolling.  Next, he stripped his clothes off and put on a leather harness
and replaced his nylon stocking with a soft leather Lone Ranger mask.

He surveyed the living room and moved to Linda next.  Her clothes came off
quickly.  He stopped for a moment to play with her tits and pussy lips a little
and then put a leather collar on her.  He carried Bobby and Sue over to the back
of the couch and flopped them face first over the couch back.  Their colorful
panties peaked out from under their summer dresses.  Some rope tied their ankles
and wrists to the couch legs, effectively pinning them over the couch with their
butts in the air.  Pamela hadn't moved as he set things up.  He went over to her
and undid one handcuff, pulling it higher up the staircase banister until she
was standing with her hands high over her head.  He relocked the handcuff and
stood in front her.  Running his hands all over her body, he kissed her lips,
face and neck, listening to the increase in her breathing.  'You can't wait for
things to get started, can you Pamela?,' he whispered in her ear.  He sucked
gently on her ear lobe and lips.  'You're going to help me make a great movie
now and in the process get as much pleasure as you have ever dreamed about.' 
Pamela was breathing very hard now, her excitement showing.  'But first,' he
whispered, grabbing ahold of her blouse and ripping it apart, 'the director
thinks you need some discipline.'

She looked up at him, wondering what was next.  He kneaded her magnificent
breasts up and down for awhile and undid the bra, letting it fall to the ground
as her unbelievable tits slipped free.  He nuzzled her perfect, melon tits and
growing nipples.  Pamela moaned with pleasure.  'Your motor gets going a lot
quicker now than on my first visit,' he told her.  He slid her pants and panties
off her legs and turned her facing the banister where he tied her legs in place
with some spread between them.  He played with her cracks and noted her slit was
already wet.  He was getting pretty hard himself.  Pamela wiggled her ass and
said, 'I want it first, come here, I want you.'  Wow, he thought, she is totally
into this and me.  He moved up against her butt and she said, 'suck my nipple,
please.'  He grabbed a tit and pulled it to the outside where his mouth could
reach it.  He circled her nipple and ran his other hand down to her slit,
starting a nice circular rubbing of her pussy lips and growing clit knob.  She
started moaning and her voice just made him all the more excited.

He heard a crackling noise behind him and started to look back when WHAM!, his
body froze stiff and he felt a horrendous sharp pain in his butt.  He dizzily
crumpled to the floor, trying to move his arms and legs, but they wouldn't work. 
He tried to focus and thought he saw Linda standing next to him, holding
something in her hand.  She bent down to him, extended her arm to his shoulder
and whatever she was holding crackled again.  The sharp pain ripped through his
chest and as he felt himself fading into darkness, he realized she had used a
stun gun.

He awoke with a start; his head was dripping wet.  Someone had pulled his mask
off and thrown a glass of water in his face.  He blinked his eyes open and saw
the four women standing around him drinking beers and liquor.  He looked up at
them, confused as to how they were all standing up, apparently wide awake.  He
tensed his muscles and found that he was tied spread eagled on a bed.  He could
barely move an inch, his wrists and legs were so tightly tied to the bed frame. 
This doesn't look good, he thought, as he waited for them to speak.

Linda and Pamela edged closer.  They were still naked; the others were in the
clothes he had planned to remove for the cameras.  Pamela said, 'Well, now, this
is a switch.  How does it feel to be the one that can't move and doesn't know
what's going to happen?'  He just looked at them.  Linda spat out, 'Yeah,
pervert.  You thought you were going to have some fun, huh?  Well, someone's
going to have fun, but it isn't you!'  He didn't like the sound of that and
started to assess the situation closely to see if he might get loose somehow. 
He was strong enough to fight his way through all four of them if he had to, but
he had to get free of the ropes.

"He might have a little fun, Linda, but only after we've had ours.  We have a
movie to make girls, let's get going,' Pamela said.  He noticed the cameras were
around the bed and recording everything.  They must have played possum, he
thought; why the hell didn't I check them more closely.  He knew he had
blundered badly.  Pamela's performance had convinced him the other women were
drugged out as planned.  Shit, he hadn't even pinched their tits like he usually
did to check if they were really knocked out or not and it was costing him big
time.  He anticipated some pain coming his way.

The women were carrying stuff around the room, pulling things from his bag and
from the closet.  It was clear that they were prepared and in on the con job
from the beginning.  Bobby and Sue stripped off their dresses down to the string
bikinis they had on underneath.  When they were undressed, Linda asked, 'Ok,
what's first?'  Pamela told them to watch her and then do anything they wanted. 
She had a thin cord in her hands and sat on the bed next to him.  'Time for some
fun, darling,' she said, smiling at him.  She reached for his cock and started
stroking it, and despite himself, he couldn't help getting hard.  She was just
so damn sexy!  When he was erect, Linda said, 'Pretty impressive for a loser!'
and suddenly swung his riding crop down on his belly with a crack.  Whap!, the
crop stung like crazy and left a big red welt.  Pamela kept up the dick stroking
as Linda moved around him, snapping the riding crop into him everywhere, chest,
arms, belly, legs.  She was strong, too, and put some energy into it.  Pretty
soon he was red all over, yet Pamela had managed to keep him hard the whole
time.

Pamela laughed.  'A little pain and pleasure goes a long ways, doesn't it,
handsome?'  Finally he spoke, 'You should know, honey, it got you off 3 or 4
times last visit.'  Bobby and Sue had been hanging back and exchanged glances at
the conversation.  Obviously, they hadn't been there and this was all new to
them.  Pamela looked at them and said, 'It's true, this guy loves to give pain
and pleasure at the same time.  It can be fun.  Now come over here and join in!'

Pamela put her hand around his balls and pulled them away from his hard dick. 
She wrapped the thin cord around the balls and then tied the cord uncomfortably
tight.  Throwing the cord to Bobby, she said, 'Ok, now you pull on his balls as
much as you want.  Stretch them good.'  She looked at Sue.  'Sue, you get first
dibs on his mouth.  Get over here and sit on his face.'  Sue was a little
embarrassed but she slipped out of her bikini top and thong, revealing small
tits and a petite, lithe body and straddled his face.  Linda ordered him to
start licking and told him that if every woman didn't orgasm quickly, his balls
would take the punishment.  She would make sure that they would be so swollen
and bruised they might explode.  If they weren't ripped off by the cord, first. 
Linda was quickly becoming a nightmare, he thought.

He realized they were serious about hurting him, but he figured what the hell,
licking some good looking pussy was ok with him.  He said, 'Ok, girls, let's
have some fun.'  He wiggled his tongue and Sue lowered her pussy to his lips. 
He began licking and sucking Sue's pussy lips as she ground her mound into his
mouth and played with his hair.

Pamela kept stroking his big dick but Bobby was pulling on the cord, yanking his
balls away from his shaft.  Bobby kept up a steady rhythm and his balls began to
ache.  He felt someone pinch his nipples hard and Linda, the nipple pain queen,
said, 'Ok, let's see if he can take some nipple clamps, the way he clamped me.' 
He felt her release strong clamps on his nipples and flinched at the pain. 
Damn, that hurt.  Sue complained that he wasn't licking hard enough, so Bobby
yanked on the ball cord, causing him to yell through Sue's warm, nuzzling pussy
lips.

Pamela laughed and noticed his dick sagging a little, so she slipped it into her
mouth to bring it back to full size again and more.  She told the women, 'Watch
this, ladies, for your ongoing pleasure!'  She sucked him good for a while,
maximizing his erection, then squeezed his shaft from the bottom up to push as
much blood as possible up into the shaft and dickhead.  His dick was getting
huge and swollen as she kept up the stroking.  When his dick was totally
engorged with veins popping out, she reached over and slipped a plastic cock
ring around his shaft just above his balls, squeezing and locking the ring as
tight as possible around the base of his dick.  Pamela looked up with a
satisfied grin on her face, 'Now, he can't come and his dick will stay hard
until we're tired of it.  Time to enjoy ourselves.'  Linda yelled, 'Yes!', and
then started going around the bed, whipping his body from all angles with the
crop again.

He started to get mad; these bitches were really hurting him.  He stopped
licking Sue and yelled, 'Cut it out, you crazy bitches!'  That only seemed to
get them really going.  Bobby yanked the cord again even harder and Linda hit
his balls with the crop.  He jerked in agony and almost passed out it hurt so
much.  Sue keep riding his face, reaching down to pull his head up into her
pussy as hard as she could.  He could see that she was red in the face and on
the edge of orgasm.  He sucked on her clit and swirled it with his tongue to try
and end it quickly.  Sue arched her back and yelled, 'Oh, wow, uh, uh, uh, keep,
uh, licking, loser!'  As he continued to lick and suck, she convulsed rapidly as
an orgasm shot through her.  She continued to mash her pussy down on his mouth,
thrusting her pelvis into his face as hard as she could.  She rode his mouth as
she shook all over, gradually calming down while he just licked up and down her
slit until she finally let go of his hair and climbed off.  'Oh, man, that was
incredible,' Sue said.  'Who's next?'

Linda handed her the riding crop and said, 'My turn to ride him, but I want his
dick while I give his nipples some attention.'  She took his huge erection in
her hand and climbed over it, sliding down on his dickhead and working his dick
up her pussy.  Bobby dropped the cord and her suit, revealing small but perkier
tits than Sue and a huge bush of dark pussy hair that looked like a beard it
hung so thick and low.  He wondered if she had ever waxed or cut it in her life. 
She lifted her leg over his head to reach his tongue.  She looked around and
said, 'My turn for a lick.  Hit him if he can't keep up.'  With that, she
lowered her hairy bush to his lips, parting the hair and opening her slit with
her hands, otherwise his tongue might not have made its way through the hairy
beard to her pink warmth.  As it was, her pussy hair was in his nose and eyes,
tickling him.  She ordered him to start flicking his tongue and concentrate on
her clit.

Linda had started humping him, taking him deep into her pussy with a long up and
down bouncing motion.  He could feel her pussy muscles working away and it felt
great; she was such a good fuck, a total sexual animal.  Her new tendency to
beat the shit out of him was definitely a problem, though.  He moved his hips
with Linda, trying to keep her happy, while working on Bobby.  It was a battle
to keep her thick pussy hair out of the way of his tongue.  He heard someone
moving around and wondered where Pamela was.

A second later he got his answer.  He heard a match light and then felt the
sizzle of hot wax drop on his arm.  Shit, he thought, she's getting me back for
waxing her last time.  He flinched as Pamela spilled drops of hot wax up and
down his legs and arms.  The wax treatment must have impressed Sue, because she
grabbed the ball cord and started pulling it again, while whipping the inside of
his thighs with the riding crop.  She kept up a whipping rhythm that made him
jump every time and Linda looked back and said, 'Keep that up, it feels great
every time he jumps.  Hit him a little harder.'  Linda was lifting almost off
his dick each stroke and then when he jumped from the crop hitting his thigh,
she slammed down on him, taking him all the way up her.

His balls were already very painful even though his dick was excited and super
stiff from the blood trapped by the cock ring.  Sue was merciless with the ball
cord and crop, hitting him closer to the balls with the crop every time, while
she yanked the cord to try and make him jerk higher into Linda's pussy.  Pamela
kept dripping wax on any exposed skin surface.  Linda was now grinding her
pelvis on his dick, really working the dick up her and rubbing her clit into his
pubic bone.  She was also pulling on his nipple clamps now, causing a lot of
pain.  She stopped for a moment to grab a couple of extra nipple clamps and put
them on her own swollen nipples.  Inspired by something, she ran a cord through
the rings on his clamps and her clamps, making a loop connection between their
nipples.  She pulled the cord tight and tied it off so that when she sat
straight up on his dick, the cord made a tight rectangle from her nipple clamps
to his.  He felt the tension pulling his nipples and knew he was in trouble. 
Her nipples were so tough from years of abuse, she could take far more pain than
his tender nipples could.  He felt her lean back to increase the pressure,
pulling his nipples out from his chest.  'Bet that hurts,' Pamela said excitedly
to Linda, still dripping hot wax on him as she watched the other women work him
over.  His nipples felt like they were tearing as Linda kept fucking him while
leaning back in a rhythm that pulled her and his nipples to the ripping point.

Thankfully, at that moment, Linda reached up to release her clamps and start
twisting her own nipples.  The cord was apparently not doing enough to her
nipples to get her to an orgasm.  That took the pressure off his nipples before
she ripped them off.  He relaxed into the bed a little and then muffled a yell
into Bobby's pussy as Sue hit his balls with the riding crop.  'Come on, Linda,
just a little more.  I'll help you cum!,' Sue urged, hitting his balls again to
make him slam upward into Linda.  Linda pulled and twisted her nipples faster
and faster, stretching her tits in every direction.  She humped him faster, her
teeth gritting and nose flaring, until she gasped and screamed.  Her nipples
were pinched flat between her fingers and stretched out from her chest as far as
she could pull them.  The nipples, naturally oversize, had swelled to the size
of grapes as she abused them, jerking her tits into cones with each yank on the
nipples.  She bounced up and down on him, as her entire body tensed over and
over again, her muscles shivering and shaking.  The pussy muscle spasms felt
great to his swollen dick, despite the lingering nipple pain and almost constant
ball pain.

'Don't cum, you scum,' Sue said to him, laughing at her own rhyme.  She yanked
on the ball cord again, not realizing the cock ring would keep his erection up
for as long as they left it on.  The instant pain definitely stopped any
excitement that had been building for him.  He felt Linda continuing to use his
hard dick for her pleasure as her orgasm would down, while his tongue lapped at
Bobby's clit.  Linda's excitement had apparently affected Bobby, because
suddenly Bobby gasped and a rush of pussy juice flowed all over his face.  Bobby
was a gusher apparently; he was drenched in her musky pussy fluid as she
squirmed around on his mouth.  He could hardly breath as she took all her weight
off of her knees and sat deeper on his face pushing his head into the bed.  She
squished her soaked pussy all over his face until he was dripping wet.  She
could take a baseball bat up her cunt, he thought, she was so lubricated.  Bobby
liked winding down, as she continued to rub her pussy in small circles around
his mouth and face, her eyes closed and her mouth panting hard.  Blinking away
some of the moisture, he noticed her pointy little tits were jutting out,
somehow bigger and firmer from the orgasm.  Finally, Bobby stopped moving and
said, 'I need his dick as dessert, my turn.'

As Bobby got off him, Pamela held a candle over his chest and then shoved it
down right on his nipple to put it out.  He jerked from the sudden pain. 
'That's what it feels like, stud,' she said, 'my turn to get licked.'  She took
the candle and rubbed it in Bobby's pussy juice on his face, then put the
tapered end on his puckered asshole.  She looked at him sweetly, 'You seem to
like invading butts.  Me too.'  She pushed the candle into his ass about 5
inches, until it stayed in by itself.  He didn't mind the candle that much, as
it slid in pretty easily.  Then as Bobby climbed on his hips, Pamela straddled
his head but faced backwards, towards Bobby.  She looked back at him and said,
'Let's keep focusing on butts for awhile, shall we?  Lick my asshole good.'  She
spread her ass cheeks and lowered her butt over his mouth, putting her puckered
asshole right on his mouth.

He felt his balls almost rip off as Linda apparently yanked the cord.  'Lick her
ass, loser,' he heard Linda's voice.  Shit, he thought, with Linda on the loose
again, he was bound to get tortured in some way.  She was a closet pain junkie
when she wasn't on his dick or mouth.  And Sue was walking around, too.  He
started licking Pamela's asshole, rimming her and occasionally tickling her hole
as Bobby sank her very wet cunt onto his dick.  'Oh, that's big,' Bobby panted,
her pussy tunnel apparently not used to a large dick.  She was so wet her pussy
slipped around easily, despite the tightness.  He could feel more fluid running
out of her.  What a spigot, he thought.

'Keep the tongue in the hole,' Pamela commanded, and he shoved his tongue deep
into her asshole, wiggling it in and out.  Pamela moved back and forth, enjoying
the licking, her perfect big melon tits swaying from side to side.  'Ohhhh,
that's it,' Pamela whispered as she started rubbing her clit with her fingers. 
He felt the candle being pulled out of his asshole.  Ah oh, he thought, and felt
something bigger being pushed against his ass.  Linda had grabbed a dildo and
was working it up his pooper.  He tried to tense his sphincter muscles and keep
it out.  It seemed to stop Linda's progress as she backed off.  Suddenly, Sue
was whipping his legs as hard as she could, making red stripes appear all over
his thighs and calves.  It hurt like crazy and made him flinch and jerk around. 
Bobby and Pamela didn't seem to mind and just kept his head and dick pinned in
place, riding him, but he felt the dildo back at his asshole.  'Loosen up boy,
or you'll get more whipping,' Sue said.  He tried to relax as Linda's strong
hands worked the dildo up his ass.  The dildo finally pushed past his sphincter,
stretching his hole painfully tight.  She continued to drive the dildo in his
ass until it was very uncomfortably deep in his bowel.  He moaned through the
licking he was giving Pamela.

Sue appeared beside him at the bed corner where his wrist was tied to the bed
frame.  'Play with my pussy,' she said, leaning her pussy into his hand while
she watched the other women.  He started massaging her pussy and running his
fingers down her slit and up into her cunt.  He could barely see her past
Pamela's round butt pressing down on his mouth.  Pamela seemed content to keep
his tongue in her ass and rub her clit, as she was breathing heavy and speeding
up her finger motion.

Then Linda began to fuck his ass with the dildo, pushing it in deep and pulling
it out, while giving the ball cord a tug now and then.  Her action hurt plenty
as she also pulled the dildo from side to side.  She paused for a moment and he
felt her hand grip tightly around his balls.  'Girls, is he working hard
enough?,' Linda asked to no one in particular.  Sue and Bobby both spoke up,
'Could be better, Linda.'  Linda slowly squeezed his balls as he tried to bounce
up into Bobby and finger Sue frantically.  'Faster,' Linda said.  He was frantic
now, as Linda was more than strong enough to permanently hurt his testicles.  He
shoved his dick upward as fast as he could and rubbed Sue's clit between his
fingers.  He stuck his tongue up Pamela's ass as far as it would go, flicking it
in and out at light speed.  His balls ached with agonizing pain.

He couldn't keep up the effort much longer.  He was snorting for breath through
his nose and pouring down sweat.  'That feels good,' Bobby said, and Linda
relaxed her death grip slightly.  He powered on for another minute and then
Pamela mashed her butt down on his mouth and started panting as an orgasm rushed
up from her clit to her brain.  Her fingers were swirling her pussy lips a
hundred miles an hour.  She started flopping around on his head, her huge tits
swinging wildly, as she couldn't control her muscles.  The orgasm took over
completely and she forgot she was on his face.  Her butt hammered painfully into
his nose and mouth as she jerked about, finally slowing down and easing off his
face a little.

Bobby was moaning now, and Sue had pushed hard against his hand, seeking more
finger pressure on her clit.  'Just a little more,' Bobby moaned, pistoning up
and down on his dick.  She couldn't take all of him inside her, but she was on
the edge of getting off.  Linda's grip on his balls tightened and pain shot
through his pelvis area.  'Help her out, big boy,' she said.  He tried to move
in rhythm to Bobby but she was too fast for his tired muscles.  Linda started
pulling his balls up towards Bobby to meet her thrusts, literally yanking his
balls and dick into Bobby.  The pain was almost unbearable.  Bobby gushed again,
fluid flowing out of her in a rush, as she went over the edge.  She shuddered as
her own orgasm finally took hold and kept up her pumping as Linda laughed.  When
Bobby stopped moving, Linda gave one last yank on his balls, pulling them and
him up into Bobby and lifting her in the air a few inches.  He screamed as the
pain overwhelmed him and he slipped into blackness.

He woke up to find Sue on him, slowly fucking him, using his still erect dick to
pleasure herself.  He wondered how long he had been out.  Her movements shot
bolts of pain through his bruised balls.  She just sat there on him, moving her
pussy while her fingers idly pinched his nipples and pulled his chest hair.  She
noticed his eyes open and said, 'This is great, my own live dildo.  So much
better than plastic.  I didn't know how great cock rings were.  You're still
hard as a rock.  We're going to use you all day long.'  She closed her eyes
dreamily and continued to slide up and down his dick.  The other girls came back
into the room, eating sandwiches and drinking.  'Go for it, Sue,' Linda said.
'Then come eat a sausage sandwich,' laughed Pamela.  The women cracked up and
continued eating and watching Sue fuck him.  He was exhausted and could hardly
move.  Only the cock ring kept him from shriveling up.  Sue finally panted, 'Oh,
yea, oh, yea, oh, yea...' over and over again and with an energetic bouncing up
and down, flopped over on his chest, satiated.

Pamela came over and squirted water into his mouth.  Then she put some pieces of
roast beef in his mouth as well.  He drank and chewed without speaking.  She
looked at him and said, 'If you think we're done with you, we're not.  You're
going to be awfully sore tomorrow.  Just like we were after your visits.'  She
went over to the cameras and put in new film cartridges.  Even in his pained
condition, he followed her around the room, taking in her beauty.  Linda walked
over and said, 'Let's work those muscles into a different position, shall we?' 
And then bent over with the stun gun in her hand.

When he woke up this time, he was tied bent over the heavy wooden coffee table
in the living room, knees resting on the floor but tied spread eagled along with
his wrists to the corner legs.  He couldn't move more than a few inches.  He
tried to lift the coffee table up and see if there was a chance for escape, but
the table was heavy and he had no leverage being bent over it.  The ball cord
was still on him and his butt was fully exposed to the room.  The cameras were
pointed at him and he waited to see what was up.  He thought to himself, I've
got to get untied and teach these girls a lesson.  Enough is enough, I'm going
to take care of business and especially take care of that ball busting Linda.

He heard them come back into the room.  Pamela appeared wearing a loose summer
dress and said, 'Surprise!  I'm dog sitting for the rest of the evening for a
friend's dog.  Meet King.'  Linda led a big Great Dane around the table with a
lease.  He groaned, knowing exactly what Pamela had in mind.  The dog was big,
real big.  Pamela went into the kitchen and came back with a plate of raw
hamburger.  She grabbed a handful and started cramming it into his butt crack
and pushing some up his asshole.  Then she pulled her dress off and led the dog
over to his butt.  King sniffed the hamburger and started licking his butt and
lapping up pieces of burger.  The women got chairs and arranged them around the
coffee table, with one chair pulled right up against the edge of the coffee
table by his face.

Pamela looked at him and instructed, 'Now for some quality time with man's best
friend and a little musical chairs at the same time.  Honey, while King reams
you, you are going to lick each one of us again.  You'd better work fast too,
because if King comes before all of us, then your balls might get pulled off. 
Girls, who's first?'  Linda slid into the chair directly in front of his face
and wiggled her butt towards him until her pussy was right in his face with her
legs resting on his back.  He jerked as someone hit his back with the riding
crop.  'Start licking, lover boy,' Pamela said.  He lifted his mouth to Linda's
shaved pussy and started to suck on her pussy lips and lick the pink interior. 
She continued to drink and eat and looked mightily content.

Pamela went over to King, who was still licking at the last bits of hamburger
and reached for his penis sheath.  Slowly, she rubbed him while the other women
stroked his neck and ears.  A bit of pink dog penis peaked out from the sheath. 
Pamela kept up the massage and the dog's penis moved out of the sheath, all pink
and shiny, and thick too, as King got more and more excited.  He put his nose
between Bobby's legs, smelling her sex and fluid, visibly getting aroused.  His
penis slid fully out, a good 7 inches of thick Great Dane dick.  It thickened up
as blood rushed in and the dog's penis knot filled out to an impressive size. 
Pamela kept massaging until King tried to turn and jump up on her.  Then, the
women pulled the dog over behind him and lifted the front paws up on the coffee
table over his back.  The touch of the dog's belly on his warm back got the dog
excited again.  King scooted up close and started pushing the big dog dick into
his butt cheeks, searching for a hole.  Pamela reached under and guided the dick
between his ass cheeks.  The dog needed no further encouragement and started a
humping action driving the penis against his asshole.  The dog was tremendously
strong and relentless.  He tried to keep his asshole tight but the dog's penis
was starting to slip into his slickened ass with each thrust.

The women gathered around to watch the penetration while Linda grabbed his hair
and pulled his mouth tighter on her pussy.  'Remember, the dog is the least of
your worries.  If you don't make us all come before the dog comes, we're going
to pull off your balls.'  She held up the ball cord, which had been routed under
the table to Linda's hands.  She gave the cord a tug to remind him of the
potential pain.  Fuck, he thought, if I get loose, you women won't be able to
walk for a week.  He nodded furiously into Linda's pussy while the dog continued
its assault on his ass.  He clinched his butt muscles as long as possible but
the tip of the dog penis was already in his ass.  Suddenly, he realized that he
needed the dog to last as long as possible while he licked, so he completely
relaxed hoping the lessened friction would slow down the dog's orgasm.  As soon
as he relaxed, the dog shoved its penis deep into his butt.  It was a little
bigger than the dildo Linda had reamed him with, and hurt big time.  His ass
felt like an arm was being rammed up it.  The dog settled into a rhythm and he
continued to work on Linda's pussy.

Her clit nub was engorged and he sucked on it and swirled it with his tongue. 
Linda had put the drink and food down and was getting excited.  She had grabbed
her legs and pulled them back towards her head, pulling her pussy and butt into
the air.  He could reach both her slit and asshole with his tongue, so he
alternated licks and swirls.  She put the nipple clamps back on her tits and
held the clamp cord up, slipping the cord between her toes.  Then she partially
straightened her legs to stretch her nipples and tits away from her chest.  That
left her hands free and she reached down to finger her clit, telling him, 'You
just lick my asshole, asshole.'  She spread her pussy lips with one hand while
rubbing her clit area with the other, at the same time her legs pulled on the
nipple clamps.  He was only too happy to comply as within a minute or two she
rapidly went beet red in the face from all the stimulation, exploding with a
yell and muscle spasms as her jerking legs pulled the clamp cord, which in turn
yanked her nipples and tits even harder, feeding the orgasm.  Finally, she
collapsed back, panting hard.

'My turn, my turn,' shouted Bobby, who was already pulling Linda off the chair
and table, anxious to get in position.  She slid down to his mouth and tucked
her calves tight against the back of his head, pulling her pussy to his mouth
with force.  Her wet, thick, matted pussy hair was hard to get his tongue
through, but he started moving his tired tongue up and down her slit.  She
closed her eyes contentedly, occasionally giving the ball cord a small tug to
remind him to keep licking hard.

The dog was humping furiously now, and he knew he wouldn't be able to lick
Pamela and Sue off before the dog spurted.  Damn, he thought, what can I do? 
They might kill me by accident.  He saw Linda lying on the floor next to the
table, relaxing as she watched the dog pound his butt.  The stun gun was in her
hand, idly playing with it.  He saw a way out, if he could just get enough
leverage.  He knew he couldn't pick the table up from his position, but maybe he
could tilt it on its side.  He could get leverage from the tied ropes for that. 
He gathered his strength for a moment and then bit Bobby's thigh.  Bobby jerked
off the coffee table in pain and with a mighty sideways heave, managed to pull
the table up on its edge, rolling towards Linda.  He yelled as the dog's dick
was twisted out of his butt when his body turned sideways, almost ripping his
asshole.  He kept the table going right over on top of Linda.  It also pulled
him under as he and it fell on her, but his plan was to trap her with the table
so she couldn't use the stun gun, while he slipped his arm ropes off the table
legs.  He and the table landed with a thud on Linda, and she yelled in pain as
the table hit her hard.  He got one wrist rope off a table leg and then the
other, sliding back from under the table, which allowed his knee to move up and
off the table leg.  He only had one more knee to get free.

The other women had been momentarily frozen when he pulled the table over on
Linda, but Pamela saw that he was getting free and looked for the stun gun.  It
was somewhere under the table.  She yelled, 'Grab him!,' to the other women and
flung herself on his back as he struggled to get his last knee rope off the
table leg.  Now we're on my terms, he thought, and reached back to grab her arm,
spinning her over his back and on to the floor with force.  Bobby and Sue were
also trying to grab his arms and pin them somehow, but his knee came loose and
he stood up with both of them on either side.  He simply jerked his arms
together, pulling them along until they were stumbling in front of him, trying
to hang on to his arms.  He pulled an arm loose and gave each woman a quick
punch in the solar plexus, knocking the wind from them and rendering them
helpless.  Then he grabbed a rope, knelt down and pulled Pamela's arms behind
her back, tying them together quickly and running the rope down to an ankle. 
Another rope tied Bobby and Sue together tight around the neck, effectively
immobilizing them.  Linda was just about out from under the table.  He picked up
the stun gun and waited until she got free of the table.  Just as she stood up,
he spun her around and said, 'There's definitely electricity between us, Linda.' 
And he jabbed the stun gun into her tit and pulled the trigger.

End of Chapter 3

______________________________________________________________________

Chapter 4

He quickly tied each woman into a more secure position.  He muttered various
warnings to them as he busied himself around, 'Now it's time for real fun, and
some real pain, you bitches.  You almost tore my balls off.  And don't yell or
scream, because the neighbors will find you nice and naked.  They'll probably
screw you too.  Don't worry too much, I'll have some fun, get some camera action
and then let you go.  Promise.'  Bobby was tied spread eagled on her back on the
coffee table.  Sue's wrists were tied corner to corner, putting her face on
Bobby's pussy with her knees on the floor, her knees spread apart and tied to
the table legs much like he had been.  Sue had turned her face sideways to avoid
direct pussy contact and was watching him.  Linda was strung up by her wrists,
hanging from the staircase with her legs spread and toes barely touching the
floor.  She had a ball gag on, because he had a few things planned for her. 
Pamela was also strung up, feet tied spread apart to the base of the staircase
and her arms tied out and above up to a loft railing overlooking the living
room.  Her body was leaned out at an angle, her arms supporting her weight more
than her feet.  Her big tits jutted out from her body in an impressive pose.

He adjusted the cameras and fed some hamburger to the Great Dane, who had laid
down to rest after all the excitement.  The dog's unsatisfied penis still hung
out of the sheath a few inches.  He led the dog over to the coffee table. 
'Girls, when I got loose, there were a couple of folks that didn't quite get to
an orgasm.  We need to remedy that.  Sue, as your new friend, I know that you
want Bobby to finish getting licked, don't you?  And Sue, you can also help the
dog here get his reward.'  Sue just looked at him in stunned fear.  'Now, lick
Bobby's pussy and stick your butt up in the air for Fido, Sue.  Do it now!,' he
ordered, hitting her butt hard with the crop.  Sue yelped and contemplated
Bobby's hairy pussy.  He hit her again three times, harder, leaving red stripes
on her ass and Sue lowered her mouth to Bobby's crotch.  He kept whipping her
until her entire butt was red.  Then he pulled the Great Dane behind her and
moved the dog up over her back.  Again, the warmth of her back on the dog's
belly excited the dog and the big dog penis started sliding out again.  He
reached down and guided the penis into Sue's pussy, and stepped back as the dog
started his humping action, driving the big dog penis into Sue with force.  Sue
moaned in protest as she was rammed forward on each shove, her mouth sliding up
Bobby's hairy slit.  Within seconds, Sue's entire face was wet from Bobby's
soaking crotch beard.  'More tongue,' he said with a last whack at Sue's back,
enjoying the vision of her pained face framed by the humping dog and Bobby's
hairy pussy.

He moved over to Bobby's head, which was laying a little off the table top,
tilting her head back.  She couldn't see Sue; she could only see him upside
down.  He faced her and said, 'I want you to beg me to shove my whole dick down
your throat, Bobby. Beg me, now.'  Bobby just looked at him, so he whipped the
crop across her tits.  Bobby jerked up from the coffee table a few inches and
started to scream.  He covered her mouth with his hand and whipped her tits
again.  Two red marks were now burning across her chest.  She tried to scream
again and he hit her nipples several times as she twisted in pain.  She finally
got the idea and shouted through his hand, 'Please, put your penis down my
throat, please.'  He told her to open up and when she opened her mouth, he slid
his big dick in and started mouth fucking Bobby.  Bobby could only lay there as
he took his dick deeper and deeper into her mouth and throat each time, her
tongue and throat muscles swirling and rippling around his shaft.  This feels
good, really good, he thought.  My balls feel better, too, he thought.  He took
his time deep throating her, sometimes choking her a little, as he watched Sue
eat her pussy.  He reached over and whacked Sue on the back when she slowed down
a little.  The dog just kept driving the big boner into Sue, her petite body
overwhelmed by the big dog.  'You'll have to get a dog like that, Sue,' he said,
'you look great together.'

Sue's only response was to start moaning in between licks of Bobby's clit.  The
dog's pounding was arousing her big time, and he laughed as Sue kept moaning
louder and louder.  The moans got Bobby wiggling a bit too, as Sue's tongue got
more active in between moans.  Sue started shoving back at the dog's dick on
each hump now, losing control.  She started shaking all over and mumbling fuck
words into Bobby's pussy as the dog brought her to a shattering climax.  She
shoved back hard against the dog, its penis buried to the hilt in her small
pussy, and let loose a yell.  The dog shuddered himself and its quick little
shoves into Sue indicated a major dog spurt was underway.  Sue kept shoving back
into the dog, trying to get more dog penis in her tunnel while her head whipped
frantically around on Bobby's pussy.  That was enough for Bobby, who suddenly
raised up off the table top, tensing her muscles into an orgasmic locked
position, even as he continued stroking his dick down her throat.  In a split
second, Sue's face was dripping with a big gob of Bobby's pussy juice, as
Bobby's gusher forced fluid out of her pussy. 

For the first time, he thought about what a great camera shot he was getting. 
He pulled out of Bobby's mouth and watched as the dog, Sue and Bobby all came
down from the orgasmic highs.  When the dog pulled out and retreated to the
corner, never having locked his huge knob into Sue's too small pussy, he walked
around and saw cum everywhere in and around Sue's slit.  The dog had pumped
streams of cum and it was flooding out of Sue's small pussy, dripping down her
legs.  He untied the exhausted Sue and led her around to Bobby's head, made her
lay down on Bobby 69 style and re-tied her in place.  He told Bobby, 'She licked
you and you enjoyed every second.  Now, you lick her clean or I'll whip your
tits and butt until they bleed.'  Bobby lifted her head and reluctantly started
to dab her tongue at all of the cum oozing out Sue's pussy and down her thighs. 
He grabbed Bobby's hair and yanked her head directly into Sue's pussy, smearing
dog cum all over Bobby's face.  'Lick it all,' he ordered, whacking Bobby's leg
with the crop.  Bobby energetically started sucking the cum into her mouth.  He
laughed as Sue had no place to put her head but back on Bobby's soaked cushion
of pussy hair.

He walked over to Linda, hanging upright, and played with her tits and pussy a
little.  'Now, pain queen, time for some pain,' he said as he tweaked her nipple
and clit.  Linda flinched and tried to mumble something, probably an apology for
hurting his balls, he thought, but he just smiled and said, 'Let's see how much
those tits can take.'  He dug in his bag for a few things and came back.  He
gave her tits and pussy a few swats with the riding crop to get Linda's
attention, and then showed her a cork with a big needle stuck in it and two
nipple rings.  Her wide, frightened eyes indicated she knew what they were for. 
'Nipple kabob,' he said, pinching and twisting her thickened nipples some more. 
He rubbed some of the hamburger into her pussy and called the dog over.  The dog
started sniffing her crotch and a moment later Linda's slit was getting parted
by the dog's huge, strong tongue.  He knew it would only take a few moments for
a hot nympho like Linda to get the juices flowing from the tongue lashing.

As her pelvis started moving with the dog's efforts, he continued pulling on her
nipples, roughing them up.  He knew Linda loved that mild abuse and wanted even
more.  As her eyes closed and a few muffled moans escaped the ball gag, he
stretched out one nipple as far as it would go and pushed needle through in a
quick motion.  Linda jerked in agony, trying to scream, her eyes wide open now. 
Her tough nipple skin didn't even bleed as he withdrew the needle and worked the
nipple ring through the skin, locking it in place.  She now had a shiny gold
ring through her nipple.  He stretched the other nipple and held it tight as she
tried to pull away from him.  She twisted every which way, but he held firm,
knowing that the dog's tongue and the nipple action would arouse her again.  She
stopped moving to grab a breath and he shoved the needle through the second
nipple.  Her renewed, frantic jerking movements only got the dog more
interested, as the dog seemed to think it was a game to keep licking the moving
pussy.  He fixed the second ring in place and pushed more hamburger up her
pussy.

He hung several nipple weights on the nipple rings until Linda's tits and
nipples were pulled straight down.  He watched with satisfaction as the dog
continued to work her pussy over.  Linda was already breathing hard again,
despite the nipple pain she must be feeling.  He whipped her tits a couple of
times with the crop just to watch the weights swing around as she recoiled in
reaction.  Her toned body was rippling, as muscles tensed and relaxed in varying
patterns.  He took the crop to her butt and back, criss crossing a herring bone
pattern of red stripes.  He jerking body only kept the dog more interested and
swung her weighted tits around in impressive fashion. 

He glanced at the scene and felt hard as a rock.  Bobby was still licking Sue
clean as Sue recovered lying on top of her.  He slapped at Sue's butt with the
crop just for fun, watching her jerk all over Bobby's face.  Linda was in pain
but building towards a huge orgasm, that was obvious.  He added some more
weights to her tits.  A couple of drops of blood appeared at the edges of the
piercings, so he leaned over and licked them off, sucking and biting the nipples
to make Linda moan in pain.  Finally, he turned to Pamela and walked over to
where she hung by her arms.  Her forward lean allowed him to step between her
legs from behind and access her pussy or her ass.  He snuggled up close and
said, 'Honey, I didn't forget you.  I was saving the best for last.'  Pamela
only said, 'Don't hurt me.  I'm sorry about what we did earlier, I should have
stopped it.'  He grabbed her tits and smashed them into his hands and her chest,
lifting and kneading them to his delight.  'A little late for apologies, isn't
it?,' he said.

She nodded resignedly as he parted her butt cheeks and started working his
engorged dick into her still wet asshole.  'This cock ring idea was pretty good,
but can you handle the results?,' he taunted her.  His swollen dickhead made it
past her sphincter muscle with some difficulty and he slowly started thrusting
in and out.  She gasped in pain as his shaft stretched her tight, puckered hole
to the max, right to the edge of ripping.  The tight grip and pressure felt
awesome and surges of pleasure started rippling up from his groin.  He held her
tight against him, drinking in her smell, nibbling her neck and ears, running
his hands all over her body, while continuing to slowly shove in and out of her
perfect, round ass.  He whispered in her ear, 'If I didn't think you were the
most beautiful woman in the world, I would hurt you.  This was your idea. 
Pretty smart I have to admit, turning the tables like that, but you were on the
verge of permanently damaging the family jewels.  How would we have kids?'  He
watched her for a reaction to his playful inquiry.  Pamela only smiled and said,
'Just make me come, loverboy.'

He dropped a hand to her pussy lips and started massaging her mound, sliding two
fingers to her clit, rubbing her in the circular motion she had used earlier. 
His other hand continued to massage her tits and nipples, as he lightly bit her
neck and shoulders, kissing up and down her raised arms, her ears, her neck. 
She moved against his thrusts now, shoving her ass back onto his dick and then
moving her pussy forward against his fingers.  It was only a few minutes before
her breathing got ragged, as his fingers increased their tempo on her nub.  He
increased the finger pressure as well and felt her clit swell dramatically.  He
grabbed the swelling pearl and rubbed it between his fingers.  Suddenly, she let
out a loud, 'Ohhhhhhhh......' and started bucking as her orgasm ripped through
her, the big shaft in her butt causing stimulation like she had never felt
before as his fingers rubbed every ounce of a mind-numbing orgasm from her body. 
He savored her body wriggling in his arms, slowing down his thrusting as she
herself slowed down.  Milking her shivers as long as possible, he pulled out of
her ass and continued nuzzling her and massaging her body.

He heard a muffled yell and looked over at Linda, who was gyrating her pelvis
against the dog's nose while whipping her weighted tits back and forth to
increase the abusive stimulation.  He watched the weights stretch her skewered
nipples out more and more.  Incredibly they didn't tear, saved by the tough
callused nipple skin.  Years of nipple abuse were paying off, as the leathery
skin held the rings in place while lengthening even more to over an inch.  Her
gasping chokes indicated the strength of the orgasm searing through her pussy
and chest.  Linda continued to ram her pussy into the dog's tongue and nose as
the weights swung her tits like a duo in a dance routine.  He knew her ass would
be his in a little while.  Linda's payback wasn't over yet.

When Pamela was still, he untied her hands and ankles and laid her on the floor. 
She just lay there looking up at him, trying to recover her breath.  He undid
the cock ring and walked over to Sue lying on top of Bobby.  Bobby was still
slowly licking Sue clean.  He grabbed Sue's hair and pulled her face up.  'Open
up,' he ordered, leaning over and sticking his dirty dick into her mouth. 
'Clean me up.'  Sue gagged a little as he shoved in and out of her mouth, using
her tongue and lips to clean Pamela's ass dirt off his dick.  When his dick was
clean, he stroked himself a few times to regain the swollen hard-on he had had
for over the past hour.  He went back and laid down on Pamela.  She pulled her
knees up to give him easy access to her pussy.  He slid into her with a groan of
pleasure and started to pump her with long, deep thrusts, already close to a
long awaited release.  She pulled him into her with each pump and kissed him
frantically, as his dick rekindled some pleasurable ripples.  Her big melon tits
felt warm and pillowy under his chest and he crushed his nipples to hers to feel
more of their embrace.  As his cum started rising, demanding a huge spurt of
release, he whispered into her ear, 'Do you love me, now?'  Her soft, 'Yes, oh,
yes,' was lost in his explosion as the pent up orgasm tore through his groin,
his balls pumping in big spasms, driving his hips even deeper into her.  Jets of
cum were spurting out, filling her with his warm love liquid.  He roared with
each spurt, the all body pleasure far outweighing the occasional tweak of his
bruised balls.  They moved together until, exhausted, he rolled over on his
back, pulling her on top of him, kissing her face and lips tenderly.

Her pussy kept a grip on his dick even as it slowly shrank.  He felt that he
could lay there forever.  He wasn't sure what to do.  He had hinted at some of
his feelings for her and felt vulnerable in some ways.  What if she told him to
fuck off?  What if she told him to stay?  She seemed of like mind, at least
partially, but what did that mean and where were things going to go?  They had
gone from rapist-victim to dominant-submissive to something closer to a real
relationship of some type.  She seemed to mulling the same things over and he
waited for her to speak.  Finally, she looked at him and said, 'Let's finish the
movie.'  With a crushing hug, he kissed her lips and pulled her to her feet. 
'Absolutely, let's finish the movie.'  He glanced at Linda, waiting helplessly,
her spread legs giving him a peek at her tight, puckered asshole and sleek pussy
slit.  He had an idea.  'Pamela, do you have any vaseline?  I need enough for my
fist.'

End of Story




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Firmhand


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





