BDSM Library - The MOB




The MOB
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A study in what you can achieve with a group of like minded people.
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



While I was cruising the side streets in and around the local girl's college, I
found just the place that we had been looking for.

The perfect place for our type of caper!

It was a narrow street to begin with, and it narrowed further, making a funnel
like opening, in an out of a badly lit passage way between two buildings.

Perfect geography for us.

A short eMail to my 5 contacts, who would each sent out 5 or so more eMails to
their contacts, and the mob was notified that a new caper was all set up. The
thing was in motion.

------

On that very saturday night, I was setting in the van, all equipped with the
stocks and isolation boxes, waiting at midnight. As I sat in a legal parking
space around the corner, from the location, it was easy to see the results of
all the eMails.

The narrow street, deserted at 11 0'clock, became crowded, then full, and
finally clogged, with the eMailed participants of the 'mob'.

It was their job to pick out and then impede the progress of one of the small
groups of the young women students coming back to their dorms from a night of
bar hopping trying to make it into the dorm before curfew.

They spied a group of four homeward bound slightly inebriated beauties. The
perfect group for us!  Readily they fell into our trap.

As they entered the funnel like opening they found four rows of the mob, who
politely gave them undisputed passage, but quickly closed to a solid wall of
flesh behind them as they passed.

Effectively isolating them from all but our sight and touch. The unruly among
the mob began making enough noise to stifle their vocal cries, if there were
any. 

The assigned 'subduers' turned around to face the prey and efficiently sprayed
them in the eyes and mouths with their tear gas cartridges bought especially for
tonight. 

The effects as all ways were immediate and satisfying.

The women halted, and attempted to cover their faces with their hands. They were
disoriented, and robbed of their verbal ability. Most sought to sit down right
where they were, choking form the gas.

From the four rows covering the rear, the 'grabbers' did not let them sit. They
quickly took possession of the women's floundering right hands, and cuffing
them, and manually securing both wrists at their sides. This left our prey
immobilized, gasping for breadth and blind form the gas's effect.

Now the 'strippers' moved in.

These were all women, experienced in the ins and outs of female clothing and
wiles of these type of women.

As they did their 'worked' the prey, obviously became distressed, but the
'subduers' were still present, in front of their individual target just waiting,
if another shot of gas was going to be necessary.

The prey's blouses, sweaters bras and any other upper body coverings were
quickly dealt with. As these were removed, they were bagged in a large black
plastic garbage bag specially provided for this purpose.

When the prey was half naked, the 'grabbers'  joined and cuffed the second hand
behind their  backs.

The prey were not captive, and topless in a public place!

The recorders, hanging from overhead vantage points were capturing every moment
with digital video cameras.

The 'strippers' now moved their field of endeavors to the prey's lower garments,
pants, jeans or whatever.

These were pulled these down to the prey's ankles.

Understandably, the prey now got really agitated, and maybe required another
shot of gas, but by now, their was no hope for them whatever they did.

They were just four nude wriggling female bodies, totally under our control.

Next the prey were collared by the 'grabbers' and dragged upright despite their
now frenzied attempts at going into that most female of position, the bent over
female crouching bit, with legs tightly clenched together. 

The 'strippers' next forced a couple of thick, artificial, yellow, industrial
sized sponges into the prey's mouths and tapped the things there  using liberal
amounts of fiber tape.

While this was happening the 'subduers' were hobbling our prey with 12 inch
plastic clothes line previously prepared.

All that remained was to separate their ankles from their now useless panties
and things.

To their prearranged thick collars, the 'subduers', clipped a leash and then
lead their now totally naked, totally bewildered, almost comatose prey into the
parting wall of the mob.



As the crowd now moved forward, spilling around the corner, I knew it was time.
I open the van's sliding side door and ready the 'stocks' for the prey's
arrival.

As each one of them arrived at the open door, they were each forced in and down
so that they wound up face down, staring at the floor. Each of their necks was
secured in a formally empty notch in the wooden yoke. This done, their heads
were draped in a black cloth. Now their feet were similarly encased in notches
in the heavy board at the opposite side of the van.

The black garbage bag, with the preys' collected clothes and effects, was
dropped into the rear end of the van.

When the last one was secured, after closing the sliding door, I got into the
drivers seat, and drove slowly to our prearranged meeting place.

During my drive I couldn't help but cast many glances in my rear view mirror.
There an inspiring sight greeted my poor old eyes! A row of four wriggling naked
secured female posteriors wriggled helplessly, and they were all for me,
eventually.

As they wriggled and shook, I have to say I got a woody, but patience! The night
was young and I wanted to make each one of my cums a memorable one.

-----

In the chosen, quiet warehouse district, the mob reassembled.

This time though, they were all waiting for the arrival of my van and our
guests.

To assure no unwanted hangers on, a long and surreptitious route to the rest of
the mob.

When I pulled in and stopped, the mob's more jubilant members were instantly all
around the van.

Each one seemed to be vying to get a first glimpse / feel of the prey's soft
flesh for himself or herself. 

Some of the more experienced early arrivers had started the bar-b-que grills
going, others had opened coolers and were partaking of a 'brewsky'. These
usually older, more patient members, like me, just sat back watching and waiting
for the festivities to begin.

My cargo was discharged, at the center of the yard, and only now was I able to
leisurely look over, the whole of the female prey's attributes.

With a cold brew in hand, I leisurely looked over a four some of some fine young
cunts. Though two had very little in the tit department, for our use they would
all do fine. Stepping in and fingering the prey for the first time .. I liked
what they felt like. Despite the owners grunting, shimming, and general
displeasure at my fingers intrusions, I was happy with this night's selection.

Yes sir, it was gonna be a fine mob scene this morning and maybe beyond.

Who knows?

On opening up the doors to the shack someone with an SUV had trailered to the
site, I received a loud cheer from the assembled mob.

Though I'm modest, I took a bow. The revelers were obviously celebrating the
prey's arrival and the festivities to follow. The crowd was anxiously awaiting
the first use of the prey's 'pussys' and scheming as to how to get to the head
of the line.

In the shack, each female head, was forced into an type of isolation box secured
to the shack's fold out walls.

The expanding walls gave each of the prey its own space for the following
events.

Now some members reached into each of the boxes and removed the sponges from the
prey's mouths.

This lead to a course of female screaming, threats, curses, and various other
muted sounds from within the isolation boxes.

Spreader frames, from the shack, opened all the reluctant naked female knees, in
preparation for the next phase of the doings.  The hobbles were removed from the
bent over female's ankles, as what was desired now, was free and open access to
the prey's pussies and ass holes.



The younger lads, as usual, were all anxious and horny, I let um pushed to the
head of the line. They were soo excited that when ever their was an opening,
they went right in, and dipped their wicks. These wanted quantity not quality.

In the first row, rigid dick, met dry vagina, but those lads, would not be
deterred by the mer discomfort of a dry vagina. They just stabbed all the
harder, to the accompaniment of muffled females screams from the isolation
boxes.

Though the purchase was tough going, at first, none of the lads shirked his
duty. All too soon the first four some was drained and the prey had received
their first fuck of many this early morning.

Sloppy seconds was easier going for the next line of the lads. During down time,
some of the mob girls moved in and the prey's ass holes were lubed. Again the
fucking took little time as the holes were so young and oh so tight.

The younger lads are all anxious to stick it in, fire it off, and get back to
their buds to brag about how masterfully they had performed. Then came a brew
and another go .. till they either were too sore of couldn't get it up any more.

During these times I kept an eye on things, quelling any disputes, with a beer
in my hand.

After two hours or so the crowd of stiff available male peckers dwindled, and I
broke out the hose.

The female members of the 'mob', being more fastidious than the males, wanted
the prey cleaner when they would use them. 

The girls pitched in and help hose down and wash off the now thoroughly fucked
over prey's crotches.

They prey now were now more subdued, not soo vocal as when they began being
fucked. Tired and fucked they now hopped for release. They even endured the
swabbing down with bottle brushes of their now stretched out holes with little
resistance.



A half moon type of support was placed under each of our prey's waist for
support. It allowed the now mostly placid females to be easily rotated 180
degrees, so they would be faced up if they could of seen up.

Each of the female 'mob' members who wished, climbed over the face area of the
prey of their choice. The isolation boxes were opened up, and now female 'mob'
members sat their pussy down on the prey's upturned face. Then they gave the
order,

"START LICKING!"

All the prey tried to object as they could see that it was a female pussy
descending onto their up turned defenseless faces.

Naturally they balked at so public a display of their sappho act. The members
experienced in this used their pussy whips to encourage the prey's service to
their own sex.

Swipp .. swipp ..

Muffled screams erupted from the prey.

The members again 'encouraged'.

Any still reluctant prey were 'encouraged' till all the female members were
being satisfied by a licking tongue. 

With females, we had to limit the time they were allowed over the prey's face as
the female members could sit there all night and cum an infinite number of
times, or so it seemed.

Allowing for the difference in female pleasure we had set a fifteen minutes time
limit on each female member's pleasuring. After that the 'mounted' female member
had to dismount and make way for another unserviced cunt. All the places were
constantly filled by other horny females members.

The rhythm of the thing got boring, to me, so I went for some of the food being
prepared on the various grills around the sight.

As day broke over the eastern horizon the last of the female members dismounted.
The prey's faces were again rotated face down and we again opened the now rested
female labia to horny male attentions.

Again long lines of stiff dicks were fed into the now unresisting vaginas, but
like all good things, the festivities had began to wane.

It was time to put our prey to their little auditions and recordings.

The video camera was set up in the van and the added lights were turned on full.

The first prey was hooded and lead in to the audition chair, and secured there.

Last minute things were adjusted. Then .. When the black hood was removed, the
bright lights in the prey's eyes, obscured all but the easel where her speech
was displayed.

"Read the speech and you can go home. Give us any trouble and we can hold you
over for another night's festivities."

We ordered the terrified prey.

The dazed well fucked female, usually read the placard in horror!

"I___ have attended a rave. In order to absolve the management of this function,
I am willingly making this tape. I sit here nude willingly, making this
statement."

The first woman's face screwed up, and I could tell she was going to be
difficult.

Covering her head again with a hood, to keep her disoriented, I now took up the
enema bag and hung it before her left shoulder. Going around behind her I slid
the extra thick nozzle head up her squirming ass hole. A couple of pumps
expanded the collar inside her bowels, guaranteeing its secure purchase till I
chose to remove it. Satisfied I then released the clamp on the hose.

As the fluid slid down into her bowels, she denounced my parents and every one
who had anything to do with this function, between her screams and grunts.

All the while warm soapy fluid filled her innards.

Before the bag was half empty her attitude began to changed from defiance, to
one of desperation. To demonstrate to her our complete power her body, I
massaged her expanding belly and twisted her left tit.

Her distending belly seemed to be placing a more reasonable attitude on her
reason functioning organ. At three quarters empty, I clamped off the flow, shook
the now gross belly and offered to let her make her tape.

Usually at this time she was very happy to perform useing her own words even. At
my suggestion she readily offer to do some 'work' for the 'mob' organization,
whenever we wanted her.

Whenever she showed signs of faltering just reaching for the hose clamp leading
to her bowles. This convinced her to make the effort and agree .. immediately to
anything we wanted her to say.

While she groaned with the internal pressure, we had her recount, how she had
begged members to be invited to the meeting and had voluntarily, taken on all
comers for the whole night to be allowed to join the 'mob'. When we were
satisfied a couple of the male members led her bent over form outside to the
chemical toilet, where before another camera's all seeing eye, she relieved
herself, proclaiming that this was the best sex party, she had ever attended and
couldn't wait to be invited back.

After witnessing the exterior performance of their friend, the rest of the girl
were easily convinced to make a similar taped. That accomplished, each was lead
back to the stocks and isolation helmets in the van.

The trip to the lab was uneventful.

There at the lab we had set up a full body scanner.

The now very subdued hooded girls were lead in, and individually scanned in all
their glory, into the computer memory. Special attention was paid to recording
of details of all aspects of the tits, nipples, areolas and after denuding the
crotch's nuances were similarly recorded. The scanner was given full access to
all the inner area of the crotch.

Each girl was required to signed a standard model release for our use of her
scans.

The sight of a fully brimming enemy bag and nozzle hanging from the overhead
rafter, easily quelled any reluctance.

Then to remind them of us, and our control of them from now on, I 'ringed' them.

Carefully I pierced each clit hood and inserted a nice big diameter ceramic
material ring.

With the prey still restrained, I fused the ring closed, and polished the area
so their was no trace of the start / end of the circle.

Again their crotches were scanned to record the details of our new addition to
their sex.

Our prey was now informed that the ring marked them as 'ours'! If they offered
the slightest resistance to our requests or tried to remove their ring the
consequences to themselves would be dire for them.

Whenever someone came up to them and asked to inspect their cunt ring, they were
to submit themselves willingly to anything required of them!

As a fun night, had by one and all was drawing to a close, we arranged to
release our prey .. for now.

The girls still naked and staked out in the back of the van were driven back to
the same place where we acquired them the night before.

They were released from the stocks, and left naked in the little alley-way. The
black plastic bag of their things were tossed out and the prey was left to sort
out their own clothes, dress and get back to the dorm like they had been doing
when we had invited them to our 'rave'.

You probably want to know what happens to the computer scans?

Well we first make up life sized models of each of the females, for reference,
out of thin hollow material. These are much better than your average blow up
doll but we could make them too, given the model data we posses.

Then I have the modeler device make me at least one exact, 1/4 scale model of
each of the girls, if some of the other members wanted a copy .. No problem. (A
woman of 5 foot 6 inches comes out to be 14 inches tall.) Keep your dirty
pictures and tapes. They will all be obsolete in a few years what with changing
media, but and exact scale model made by skilled craftsmen of the ancients
persons, and deities have endured for many millenium. In the material I using,
I'm betting mine will out last even them.

When we had a new prospective mob menber, who wanted a piece of young college
girl ass, we could show um these models. After perusal of them, he can take his
pick.

When he / she visits the girl, she knows to do whatever suits his fancy.

---

Every so often we send out an inspection team and it goes something like this.

The inspector (male or female) approaches the prey and demands to inspect her
pussy ring.

If the prey goes along willingly, they retire to some place .. a bathroom stall
or a van etc. and the prey has to drop her pants and panties to show she is
still wearing her ring.

The inspector then photographs it, and has the prey write out a model release,
written out in long hand, (copying from our form's outline). She delineates how
much she 'loves' her precious little pussy ring and is happy to show it off
whenever we want to see it.

If some one wants a piece of a particular prey's ass, selected form the statues,
the computer models, or the various images we keep, the prey is contacted and
ordered to appear at a place of our choosing .. quickly.

Works well so far as the model releases absolve us of any responsibility and the
females know that another night like the initiation would be worse than a few
minutes laboring sexually under some anonymous male or female.

We try to keep the 'dating' to once a month or less to allow the prey to have
their lives, as long as thy remember who owns that pussy between their legs!

But in ever crowd their is all ways a 'fuck up'.

But that's another story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





