BDSM Library - Brett Pierce, Space Adventurer Fails to Save the Day




Brett Pierce, Space Adventurer Fails to Save the Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After having his multiple attempts at world domination foiled by the intrepid Brett, Emperor Joreth has finally beaten him.  He includes Brett and his fiance, blushing damsel Claire Arnette in his victory celebration.
Brett Pierce, Space Adventurer Fails to Save the Day

I sat on the satin sheets surrounded by the gaudy furnishings of Emperor
Joreth's harem suite.  "Oh Brett, hurry up!  Rescue me!" I thought.  Emperor
Joreth would be here any minute and I didn't want to think what he would do to
me when he arrived.  There was suddenly a clamor in the corridor outside the
chamber.  I sat up.  With a clang, the heavy metal door flew open and he dashed
in and swept me into his arms, Brett Pierce, Space Adventurer!

I pressed myself inconspicuously against the wall as Brett dashed out of the
suite carrying Claire.  After having countless attempts at world-domination
foiled by that interfering space-cowboy I would have my revenge at last!  I
heard laser blasts crackle through a room some way down the hall as my guards
fought it out with Brett, who must have been cornered by now.  My cue was coming
up.  I ran down to the room and waited for the fire-fight to sputter out.  When
it stopped, I walked in, striding past the death-ray perforated bodies of a
couple of my guards whom Brett had blasted.  I slowly approached the control
panel on the opposite side of the room, allowing my steel toed boots to click
menacingly on the steel floor.  I stood over Brett and his fiance as they
cowered behind the panel.  I chuckled wickedly and slowly raised my
stun-blaster.  "You fool," I said with quiet amusement.  I pulled the trigger,
hitting Brett squarely in the chest.  Claire shrieked as he slumped over and in
a moment I had silenced her as well.

I woke up stripped naked and tied to a chair.  My muscles bulged against the
steel bands that held me down and I seemed to have a rubber ball stuffed into my
mouth.  I slowly opened my eyes with a muffled groan only to see the slender
figure of the man who had shot me standing over me.  Emperor Joreth!  "You
fool," he repeated in a cruel and almost childish voice.  "Your tedious heroics
have finally caught up with you...and" he added maliciously, "your precious
fiance."

Joreth stepped aside and a spotlight shined down on me.  I was helpless to
escape it's probing glare as my hands were tied above my head holding me in an
almost painfully upright standing position.  A rubber ball stuffed in my mouth
and held in place by straps that buckled at the back of my head prevented me
from even raising a protest.  Now that he was out of the way I could see Brett. 
No!  It wasn't possible!  He was tied down in a chair.  He couldn't be captured,
neutralized.  No.  He would still manage to save me somehow!  Joreth walked
toward me.  With his slim frame clad in that black rubbery jumpsuit I might have
found him attractive under different circumstances if it weren't for that
sadistic glitter in his eyes.  Terror struck me and I looked past him, staring
imploringly at Brett.

I approached her slowly, looking her up and down.  She had a great body and with
that blond hair and those sweet, innocent eyes she was the perfected image of
the all-American beauty.  "How lovely to see you," I commented in a silky tone. 
I unbuckled the strap on the gag and gently removed it.  I wanted Brett to hear
her.  "Get away from me, you fiend!" she shrieked.  With mock seriousness, I
admonished, "That's no way to address your Emperor.  I amy have to teach you a
lesson."  Suddenly, sharp pain crushed through my groin and I staggered
backward.  That bitch had kneed me in the crotch!

He doubled over as he stumbled back.  "By Titan!" he gasped.  He straightened up
and strode forward pulling a riding crop from his boot.  "I'll teach you respect
for authority!"  he growled.  No!  There had to be some way for me to break
free, knock Joreth unconscious with a well-aimed punch, and flee with Claire to
the escape pod.  I pulled against the binds with all my might but to no avail. 
There was nothing I could do but watch as he advanced on her.

He walked around me and I tensed with fear. Suddenly, I felt his hands on my
ankles.  I tried to kick free but he held me tightly as he fastened shackles
around each ankle.  He rose to his feet and out of the corner of my eye I think
I saw him pull something out of his pocket.  He pressed a few buttons and
suddenly I felt my legs being pulled apart.  I tried to fight it but couldn't
resist as my legs were pulled wide apart.

I put my restraints remote control back in my pocket and gripped the crop
firmly.  As I ran it's tip slowly along her inner legs she tried desperately to
pull her legs together.  The leather thong reached her thigh and she bit her lip
in fearful anticipation.  Brett was trying to pull his way through the metal
bands that restrained him but to no effect but my amusement.  I ran the crop up
along her buttock, lifting her skirt to reveal her luscious derriere.  I placed
my hands on it and lifted the other side of her skirt out of the way.  She
screamed "Get your hands off of me!"  I held the crop in front of her, casually
scolding, " We'll have to do something about that temper of yours."  Circling
her, I smiled at my mortified nemesis and prepared to swing.  I struck her
backside provoking a cry of suprised pain.  I struck her again, and again and
with each swing her cries became more frantic and pained.  Then she started
begging for mercy.  After leaving several stinging red stripes across her ass, I
stopped.  "I'm not a brutal man," I said ironically.  "I'd be glad to exchange
this implement for more pleasurable touches, if you ask nicely.  She glanced at
Brett, then the crop, mired in indecision.  "All right then..."  I said as I
raised the riding crop.  "No!  Please, no more!" she plead.  "Would you prefer
more sensuous touches then?" I asked.  "Yes," she said hesitantly.  Twisting the
knife a bit, I asked, "Yes what?"  "Yes, Emperor?" she asked with uncertainty as
Brett looked on in horror.

"Well, if you insist," he said nonchalantly, tossing the crop aside.  He held
her chin firmly as he ran his fingers through her hair.  Staring right at me,
that bastard kissed her cheek.  She was paralyzed with shock as he rubbed her
shoulders then reached around under her arms, placing his hands on her breasts. 
He squeezed them gently then traced her aureoles with his fingertips.  Her
nipples hardened and, still staring at me with sadistic pleasure, he pinched and
twisted them.

I cried out from the intense sensation as Joreth tormented my breasts.  He
laughed and commented to Brett, "Your girlfriend seems to be enjoying herself." 
He couldn't have mistaken my cries for those of pleasure!  His hands moved
downward, grasping my waist then caressing my thighs, then reaching up under my
skirt.  His fingertips brushed my labia and I flushed with embarrassment.  Until
then, I hadn't noticed I had been getting wet.  "Aren't you a strumpet?" he
commented by way of question.  "Even here, with your would-be hero watching you,
your just dying for me to fuck you!  Or maybe," he added "you like the idea of
having him watch!"  I struggled against my chains with redoubled vigor, trying
not to think how near Joreth's words had come to the truth.

"You wouldn't dare!" she exclaimed with a hint of challenge in her voice if I'm
not mistaken.  I would have loved to accept that dare but not yet.  Sexual
gratification would have to wait until I'd tortured Brett a good deal more. 
"I'm not going to let you have it yet," I informed her.  Disappointment
flickered across her face and glancing at Brett I could see he had noted it too. 
"But by the time I'm done, you'll be begging for me to satisfy you."  I walked
away, letting my hand trail off her waist.  Finding a small table in a dark
corner with an arsenal of implements of pain and pleasure arrayed on it.  I
selected a long, fluffy feather and returned to Claire, standing to the side so
Brett could see her.  I gently brushed her thighs with it and laughed as she
desperately tried to pull her legs together.

He slowly pulled it away from her and advanced on me.  "This is really turning
you on too, isn't it?" he asked.  I realized he was addressing me.  I hadn't
noticed until then how hard I was getting.  I hated to admit it, even to myself,
but seeing Claire tied up, legs spread like that was really making me horny. 
Joreth tickled my shaft with the feather casually.  I looked up and realized
Claire was looking back, horrified that I could find the situation arousing.

While Brett's arousal outraged me I did have to admit he wasn't the only one
reacting that way.  Joreth turned toward me, standing very close.  I pulled
against my chains, trying to press closer to him.  "Just can't resist, can you?" 
he asked teasingly.  I sighed with frustration.  He was so close!  By pressing
forward as far as I could I was barely able to brush against the smooth rubber
bulge in his uniform.  I could just about bring a slight pressure on my
clitoris.  Se stood there, smiling mockingly as I felt an orgasm slowly
building.  Heedless of Brett's presence, I started moaning with pleasure.  I was
about to climax when Joreth pulled back.

Moving in behind her, I asked, "Do you want me to fuck you?" with an edge of
brutality in my voice.  Biting her lip, she nodded.  "Then beg for it!" I
replied harshly.  "Please," she began, a Brett writhed, half in anguish at the
betrayal and half in pleasure at it, "Let me have it!"  "Tell me exactly what
you want."  I wanted details, for my sake and Brett's.  "Fuck me!" she cried,
"hard and fast!  I'm begging you, Emperor, I need it!"  "Well," I said
patronizingly, "how could I refuse the pleas of such a pretty little slut?" 
"Just let me come!" she answered.  I smiled at my accomplishment.

Her binds seemed to loosen as Joreth pressed buttons on his remote control.  He
retrieved a six-inch dildo from the side table.  He lifted he skirt and she
nearly jumped in surprise.  "No!" she gasped in sudden shock, "Not like that!" 
Was she backing out?  That terrible part of me that was enjoying this recoiled
at the notion.  "You want me to fuck you, don't you?" he taunted.  "Yes, but..."
"Then beg for it!"  She seemed to snap then blurted out, "Please, Emperor
Joreth, fuck my ass!"  How could I have not seen this side of her before?

"As I begged him to fuck me, I felt him drive the phallus into my ass.  His
hands pressed and squeezed my pussy.  Brett was fighting his binds as well as
his own erection as he made muffled protests through the gag.  I was on the
verge of fantastic orgasm when Emperor Joreth withdrew his hands and the dildo,
leaving me, and Brett, suspended in a frustrating limbo.


to be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  S/sarafina


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





