BDSM Library - Step Sister's Plaything




Step Sister's Plaything
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man who always dreamed about being controller by an unknown becomes his step sister's slave by accident.
PART 1


I have always fantasized about female domination but I never got a chance to
experience it. Most of the women I have met in my life were traditional meaning
they would not want to take charge and leave it to the men. I always thought any
woman would love to have a man whom they can control abuse and use. However as
the years passed by I understood that this is not the case. So I gave up my
search for a Mistress and decided to leave it to faith. My motto was that if I
am bound to find a dominant woman it will happen, if not I don't care any more.
In fact by the time I was 26 I was having quite a good life that I forgot about
my femdom fantasies. I was working as the head manager of a respectable bank
branch. I had much more income than all of my friends, lived in a nice
apartment, had a nice car etc. I did not have serious relationsip but I had a
lot of girls who were interesteed in me. I wanted to go out and have fun with
different girls rather than being stuck with one. I said I would cool myself
down by the time I am 30 and get married, have a family etc. with the right
woman.

I had one sister and another step sister. When my mother passed away when I was
a kid, my dad married another woman and they had been married for about 14 years
now. My step mom also had a daugther. Her name was Selly. She was a very
friendly and nice girl character wise. We got along pretty well with her when I
was small. Her pysical appearance over the years seemed to never change. She was
3 years older than me and had a quite attractive face, but she was slighty over
weight. She was about 5-6. Besides being friends with her I always thought she
had some feelings towards me, and I also had some feelings towards her to tell
you the truth. It was obvious from the things she used to, she used to touch me
frequtnly, play with my hair, try to talk about sex and other things when I was
about 14 to 16 years old. However nothing has happened between me and her in
those years. When I went to a boarding school and away to college I hardly saw
her or other members of my family. When I got back to work at home she was
working in a average paid job since she was a high school graduate, living with
her grandmother. But she was cheerful as usual and happy about her job.

When I got back home I frequently started to see her and other people old
friends, family etc. She started to come to my place often with her friends and
we would turn the music up, have drinks and go out later on, on usual weekends.
In one of the days she came alone, which was pretty early for a saturday, I told
her that I wanted to stay in bed and get some more sleep. Sometimes I could not
understand how energetic she could be. We hang out the night before together and
yet after 6 hours she was again at the door.

"I can just chill out on the living room and wait for you to get up then mister"
she said in a funny way.

After an hour or so I decided not keep her waiting anymore so I got up and told
her that I am going for a shower.

"Alright fine I will just check out your computer than" she said.

I went into the shower and I was thinking about all those hidden files of porn
and most importantly files of femdom material I had in my computer. Even though
I knew she was good at computers I didn't think that she could find any of that
stuff. However after 10 minutes to my shock when I came out of the shower, I saw
her looking at my femdom pictures and videos collection. She turned around;

"Nice collection you have here. You know actually I have been interested about
this kind of a lifestyle myself however you probably know much more about it
than I do"

I did not know what to say.

She continued;

"What happened you swallowed your tongue" She started laughing and I was as red
as I could be.

"Well you are embrassed I see. Well there is nothing to worry, I won't tell
anyone what kind of a pervert you are unless of course"

"Unless of course what" I said with curiosity.

"I won't tell anyone of this if you become my personal slave"

All of a sudden I did not know what to do. I have been wanting to meet a
dominant woman for all these years and now was my chance and then this was my
step sister, someone that I have known for a long time. Could I be her slave.

"I don't think you have an option" She said while I was thinking over it.

"OK fine what do you want from me?"

"First of all I want you to drop that towel than spread your legs and put your
hands over your head. In the meantime I will think of somethings"

I was still in shock but I obeyed her and dropped my towel. As I dropped my
towel she was giggling. She was looking at my balls and my penis. For a couple
of minutes she looked at them, as if she was thinking about something very
deeply.

"OK carry on, spread them and hands over your head"

I did as she told and spreaded my legs a little and put my hands over my head.
She was just sitting on my chair with her legs crossed and arm folded across her
chest. She was wearing a long loose skirt, even though her legs were fine. She
had different ways of dressing up. Sometimes she would wear a tight mini-skirt
with long heels and sometimes she would wear a loose long skirt with boots. This
was one of the days when she decided to do the second.

I was standing there naked in front of my step sister and did not what she was
thinking. I saw her writing some stuff down on a piece of paper and wondering
what she was writing. After 15 minutes which felt like hours;

"OK here is the deal. While I make myself comfortable on your couch over here I
want you to make me some coffee and then I will tell you the rules"

"Do you want me to be naked?"

"Of course you stupid ass. You are not to get dressed until I tell you"

I went to the kitchen and started to make some coffee while all the thoughts
were running in my brain. Should I offer her some money and get this over with.
Or should I simply just say I am not going to be hersand she can do whatever she
wants. Even though I could take a lot of risks in the financial world, I did not
think about taking a risk in this situation. I went back to the living room and
offered her the coffee, she said thanks and I again spreaded my legs and put my
hands over my head. She started laughing hystrically.

"You are going to be really fun to own. You already have the character to be a
slave I am just going to improve it."

After she took couple of sipps from her drink, she saw me worried.

"C'mon cheer up. Isn't this what you wanted?"

"Yes but you are my step sister. We know each other for sometime. I wanted this
kind of a relationship with someone I don't know and who is definitely not as
close as you are"

"Well that way you can trust me. If someone you did not know would own you, how
could you trust her?"

She got a good point but I was still not convinced.

"Well anyway, come next to me and get down on your knees"

I went in front of her and went down on my knees. I put my hands on my back and
looked down on the floor. She put her index finger under my chin and raised my
chin so that I could look at her eyes.

"Listen I know you like me and you know I like you. I am not going to do
anything to hurt you. I am just going to use you for my pleasure, and believe me
there have been a lot guys who wanted to be used by me but I rejected them. Now
that I found out you are into this life style it is like a dream some true"

I didn't say anything. She just smiled.

"Anyway here are the rules. I wrote it down so you can remember later on.
Firstly our relationship will exist on the terms with the real word. This means
you will go to your work, I will go to mine, you will see your friends I will
see mine, etc. However whenever I am in this apartment with you, you are my
slave. You are not required to serve me outside of this place however any
actions you take outside will be closely watched by me. For example if you
disrespect me somewhere outside, I will punish you in here."

She started to sound authoritative all of a sudden and I knew this was not good.

"Secondly you are to be naked all the time in this house unless I tell you
otherwise. If I see you wearing something when I come here, you will get 2
points. I will explain this point system later." She giggled.

What the hell is this point system I thought. She thought of all these ideas in
15 minutes. No way I was thinking. It was obvious that she had this kind of a
thing in her mind or had a previous submissive.

"The rest of the rules apply when I am in the apt. I can not monitor you anyway
when I am away so here it goes. You have to be on all fours at all times when I
am here. You are not to stand up unless I tell you. If you do you get 1 point.
You are not to speak. That's  3 points. I don't want you to talk at all. You are
not to use anything. No phone, no TV, no bathroom breaks etc. You are absolutely
not allowed to use the phone and the tv or the computer when I am here, and for
the bathroom, I will tell you when you can go. If you don't follow this you get
5 points."

I was thinking this is going a little too far.

"Now the last rules I could think of. They are also the best. I am going to buy
you a chastity device first thing today and I want you to order a dog cage from
the internet. From now on you are not to cum without my permission. And when you
dont have to go to work, for example in the weekends when I am not in here, I am
going to lock you up in a dog cage so you will be safe and secure" She giggled.

OK I thought this was going way too far.

"Listen I think this is a little too much don't you think, I mean the dog cage
and all."

"Did I allow you to speak?" She said.

"You got three points right now."

I was getting a little pissed off.

"And let me explain the point system to you." She continued.
"The points will go up to 20. For every 5 points you are going to be caned 10
times on your ass. By the way I should add that to my shopping list" She giggled
once again. I haven't seen her in this kind of a happy mood for some time now I
was thinking.

"For every 10 points you are to be left in a uncomfortable position for 30
minutes. I will decided the positions when the time is necessary. And since 10
is a multiple of 5 you will be caned and then put into a position. Did you get
it?"

I nodded without much of an agreement.

"When you reach 15 points I am going to putt a butt plug up your ass and not
allow to go to bathroom for three days. And for 20 I am going to buy an
electrical plaything and electrocute you for an hour. So what do you think
slave?"

"I dont think anything" I told her.

"That's right, you are not to think. From now on you leave the thinking part to
me. From now on you are not even a human in my eyes. You are going to be my
little sweet puppy."

"Anyway give me your credit card I got some shopping to do" she said with a
smile. I got up from my knees and right afterwards felt big slap on my ass.

"I did not tell you you could get up" She yelled. "That's number 4 for you. I
better order that cane quick, you are going pretty damn fast. When you want to
ask me something, first you must ask for permission to speak. Bark three times
for permission like a good puppy"

"Woof woof woof" I barked three times.

She laughed and started petting my head. "Good puppy, you are going to be really
good" She started playing with my cheeks as if I was 4 years old. "You are going
to be good, you just need some training that's all. Now you may speak"

"May I get up mistress?" I asked.

"Get up and do what. Ask me more specific questions puppy. I know you are not
smart because you a dog but you can stil do better"

"May I get up to get my wallet and give you my cradit card so you can make some
purchases on the internet mistress?" I asked.

"That was much better puppy. However I do not give you permission to get up. You
can go get your wallet on all fours and you are not to use your hands. Take your
wallet with your mouth and bring it to me"

I did as I was told. The hard part was to take out my wallet from my back pocket
of my jeans. The pocket was kind of tight and the wallet was bulky. I liked it
that way so I could feel it all the time, in case someone tried to grab it from
my pocket. After some struggle I managed to get my wallet out and keeping it in
my mouth I went to the living room. I went next to my step sister who was on the
computer but she paid no attention to me. She was already visiting some fetish
sites and cheking out some stuff. After 4-5 minutes my mouth started watering
and I started to droll. I knew she was seeing this and she was enjoying it.
Finally she looked down.

"Ohh poor puppy you want me to take that from your mouth?"

I nodded.

"No puppy another rule. If I ask you a yes or no question you must bark to
answer me. No nodding you understand puppy. One bark for yes two for no OK?"

"Wiif" Some silent bark came out of my mouth with a wallet in my mouth.

"I don't think that was a bark puppy try it again"

I tried desperately and in the 4th try I managed to make a "woof" sound without
dropping the wallet, however I did have a lot of salve around my mouth and on
the wallet. She took the wallet from my mouth, cleaned the salva with her index
finger and pointed her finger to me.

"Ok lick it puppy"

I started licking her finger. She kept it in front of my face for couple of
minutes until I cleaned her finger propoerly.

"Very good puppy, very good. Now your mouth"

She cleaned around my mouth with her finger and made me lick it again. Then she
pointed on the ground and I started licking the spots on the gorund too. After I
was sure it was clean she checked it and pet my head, and started to shop
around. I was on her side on all fours naked waiting and guessing for the next
phase.




PART 2

I could not make out how much time has passed but as far as my knees could tell
me it has been at least couple hours. My knees were hurting pretty damn badly
from the wooden floor. Also my back was giving up too. It had been aching for a
while now. I was thinking, I always fantasized about being human furniture to
one of the ladies only parties, but I figured it was not that easy as I
imagined.

"Woof, woof, woof" I barked three times to get her approval to speak. She seemed
quite busy in front of the monitor and ignored me for about a minute.

"I am sorry puppy but I am busy right now. But don't worry I finished your
shopping. Everything should arrive on Tuesday. I suggest you find a way to get
those things. Either call them up and tell them to deliver the packages on the
evening or stay at home. I am just buying some stuff for myself now if you don't
mind" She was smiling.

"By the way you have been behaving pretty damn well. You have been just waiting
for me for about 2.5 hrs, and I like that. It is about 4 o'clock now and I want
you to find me some rope in the apt and come back here like a good puppy OK?"

I was glad to get an order from her; at least I could move around and have the
blood circulating again. Just as I was progressing in the hallway the reality
struck and I seriously started to wonder if I had any kind of rope in the apt. I
knew if I went back and said I could not find any, she would kick my ass, or my
balls. I didn't want my balls to get hurt in the first day so I desperately
started searching for some ropes. After 10-15 minutes I managed to find three
separate pieces of rope each about a foot or two long. I went back to her on all
fours with the ropes in my mouth. When I crawled next to her she looked down at
me and said;

"Where have you been huh? Why does it take you to obey me puppy? I know you are
a puppy and that your brain has not developed enough yet to understand complex
orders, but I did not order you to make anything for god's sake puppy. I just
asked for some rope"

She was really pissed off. And as she continued to talk her voice was becoming
louder and louder. I didn't want the neighbors to hear this and I am sure she
did not want that to happen either, so she kept shouting as much as she could
while trying not to be loud enough for the sound to get though the walls.

She got up.

"I didn't want your first day to start like this but puppies need training as
they are growing up and pain should be part of their training" She told me.

At first I did not get what she meant.

"Turn to your side and face me puppy. Raise your head, face me and put your
hands behind your back."

I did as I was told. It was the first time I looked at her eyes in couple of
hours and that giggling was gone. My step sister looked pretty cruel and
authoritative. Then she came around and took one of the roped from my mouth and
tied my hands together at the back. It was pretty tight, and I knew I could not
move them at all. To my surprise she seemed to be very good at bondage.

"Now since you can't move your hand to protect your lifeless thingy puppy, get
up on your feet."

I got up to my feet.

"Legs apart puppy."

I moved my legs to the side a bit. Then I saw her raise her right leg backwards
and then swing her thick boot right on my balls. She kicked me as hard as she
could. I fell to the floor on my knees which were already hurting. When my knees
hit the wooden floor I felt a second sharp pain and fell to my side. I tired
desperately to move my hands from my back and touch my balls or to cover them at
least, but it was impossible. I could not see anything for a moment and I just
curled up in the spot hoping that she would not kick me again. When I was able
to open my eyes and see, I saw her above me laughing.

"How did you like that puppy?"

She looked cruel then all of a sudden she knelt besides me.

"Oooo did that hurt puppy? I am sorry" She was petting me with her hand. Even
her hand on my head felt good in a situation like that. "Poor puppy, let me see
your balls"

I tried not to show her my balls and tried to cover that area with my knees in a
curled up situation but she managed to get a hold of my balls. Her head went
very close to my cock as if she was going to suck it; she grabbed my balls and
started to examine them.

"I see they are purple already.  Poor puppy, your balls are purple. I wouldn't
think they would get affected this easily. They are quite sensitive I see. I
know what to do, I will blow some air to them and they will be fine."

She started to blow some air to my balls and the coolness felt very good. This
also caused my cock to reach its maximum size. I was desperate for a blow up job
in a situation like this. I mean who wouldn't be. She went even further and
kissed my purple balls and let them go. I was about to explode from desperation
in that moment. She got up and told me to get up on my knees. She saw the
pre-cum on my cock while I was trying really hard to get up on my knees.

"I see you were having some sweet dreams while I was trying to make your balls
feel a little better. Well puppy one day you will learn to control your
primitive feelings. Even though you are an animal you are not a wild one, you
are pet. I can not have you having primitive desires in front of humans."

I got up to my knees.

"Now puppy, come next to the heater."

I was wondering what she had in store. Even though I was spring the weather was
not warm yet and the heaters were on to keep the apartment on a good level. In
the winters, it was impossible to touch the heaters, however during these times,
you could touch them but keeping your hand on them for some time would start to
heat up your hand pretty damn bad.

I went about two feet next to the heater. She took another rope and looped it
around my balls very tightly until it felt like my balls were going to explode.
I started to make some sounds.

"Shhhhsh puppy, relax"

Then she took the loose end of it and started move it behind the heater bars.
She got the other end and pulled it until my balls were touching the heather. Of
course not only my balls were on touching heater but also my chest. However it
did not feel hot. It was bearable. She pulled the end of the rope as tight as
she could then moved it under my balls, between my legs and tied it to the rope
that was holding my hands together at my back. It was a pretty tight bondage and
a quite inescapable one too. She was shocking me everyday with her skills.

The she took her boots and her socks off and stuffed them in my mouth. She found
a duct tape from the kitchen and taped my mouth.

"This will keep you quite when I am gone puppy."

When I am gone. What the hell was she saying? I could not possibly stay in this
position for long.

The she wore her boots again. She knelt right next to me her face right next to
mine. She pet my head while talking.

"Puppy I am going out to get something to eat and I don't know if I will bring
some for you since you had been a bad puppy but I should be back in 4-5 hours
alright. Enjoy your stay."

With that she got up and headed towards the door. I wanted to say something.

"Mmmhhtdffff"

She came back, I was glad she did. I thought she heard me so she was going to
let me speak. But instead;

"Forgot one thing puppy, the heater was not on the max let me turn it all the
way up so you would be more comfortable OK."

She moved next to the control mechanism and turned it clock wise to turn it to
the max.

She smiled back at me while moving to the door and I heard her shut the door. In
about 5 minutes the heater started to heat up drastically. I tired to move away
from it a little but it was impossible. I arched backwards as far I could to at
least get my chest and my face away from the heater and I was successful
however, my balls were still touching the bars. They started to heat up pretty
badly. First they were kicked now they were being cooked. And I was also
starting to sweat like a pig. I was sweating firstly because of the heat and
secondly because of the stress of having my balls get cooked right in front of
my eyes.

In half an hour the pain in my balls and on my back from arching back, was
unbearable. I was screaming and moving but it was not good. My already hurt
knees were also giving up since I arched my back toward the ground and my hells.
My knees joints felt like they were going to dismantle. I knew I could not
continue like this for hours, and I knew I could pass out. But all I could was
to wait for my step sister's return. 




PART 3

I was getting a little dizzy as the hours passed. Each hour felt like a day for
me but to my surprise I did not pass out. All of a sudden I heard the sound of
keys at the door. My step sister was back. I couldn't be happier. I felt like a
dog that was very happy to see its master. I could go jump on her and shake my
tail if I had one and if I could move. For a little while she did not come into
the living room. She was probably doing something in the kitchen or in the
bedroom I thought. Then she came in. I was trying to make sounds through the gag
she produced.

"mmmmppffff"

But there was no response from her. Since she was moving behind me, all I could
make out was her sitting on a couch behind me, ignoring me completely. I was
getting really pissed off. I had been in this position for god knows how long,
and now she was acting as if I wasn't even in the same room with her. Then I
heard her opening something, and immediately I smelled the food. At that point,
I also realized how hungry I was. The pain in my back, knees, and on my balls
made me forget that I did not eat anything for about 20 hours or so. I was
desperate to get some food. However she was just eating as if I was not there.
From the smell I could make out it was chicken. And it was KFC. She knew KFC was
my favorite food. So just to torment me she got some food from KFC I thought.
Just when I was having these thoughts, I heard her coming close to me.

She pulled a chair right next to me and sat down. She crossed her legs as usual
and her right boot was right next to my right cheek. She had her plate on her
left hand, and she was using her right hand to pick up the chicken pieces. She
touched the tip of her boot on my cheek and then started to wipe the sole of her
foot on my face. She was wiping it real hard, forcing my head to bank left.

"Keep your head still" She shouted. "You want to be in that position all
night???"

No fucking way I thought. I tried to keep my head still as if my whole body was
in a cast.

She just kept wiping the sole of her foot to my face until the dirt started
getting to my mouth. She must have stepped into a big puddle of mud I thought.
When she finished, she put her foot down and moved her plate full chicken pieces
close to my face. I could smell them pretty well. She was picking up each piece
and then taking her time eating them. She was then dropping the empty bone to
the plate and picking up another piece. While eating she was making "mmmm"
sounds as if it was tasting great and she was having an orgasm by it.

"You know what puppy, this tastes very good you know that" She giggled. "I am
sure you would do anything to eat this last tasty piece. But I don't think you
are going to get anything for some time."

For sometime???? What the fuck was she saying I thought. I haven't eaten
anything for almost a day now, and she is saying I can wait for sometime. At
that point I wanted to punch her in the face but I could barely move. She knew I
was very uncomfortable but she was having her fun. She got up and went out of
the living room. Later on she came back with the plate at her hand. She started
to untie me. I was pretty damn happy. In a couple of minutes I was completely
free of the bondages but I knew I had to be on all fours, so I stretched my legs
like a dog keeping my hands still and stretching my one leg at a time.

She also took the gag away, and I could actually feel my tongue. I crawled next
to her. She put the plate down to my head level and showed it to me. There was
nothing on the plate but small pieces of left out chicken stuck to it. She
looked at me in the eye and smiled. Then she spat on the plate and held it again
in front of me with her hands from the edges.

"Alright puppy, like a good dog lick it clean. From now on I am not letting you
use the dishwasher or waste any water for this purpose. Why waste those
resources when I have a puppy like you. In fact I am thinking about selling the
dishwasher and getting something for myself. Now lick it"

I was really wondering if she would try to do something like that. How would I
explain that to others. I sold my dishwasher because I clean the dishes with my
tongue, as my mistress, who is my step sister commands me to do so. Yea by
father would understand that. I must had been thinking deeply about this that
her hand struck me in the face.

"What the fuck are you waiting for. Get to it" She shouted.

I was also getting deeply concerned that the neighbors might hear or see us. So
I out my head down and started licking the plate. This made me feel even
desperate for food. Even the small pieces of leftovers tasted great. Some of
them were really stuck on the plate so I used my teeth to get them out. I also
licked her spat clean. In a couple of minutes the plate was clean. I brought my
head back. She looked at the plate and gave me a childish smile and petted my
head.

"Good job puppy. See that was not so hard was it? You know you are going to be
much better. Right now you are just a small puppy waiting eagerly to be trained,
and I am here for you. Don't worry you are going to be my lovely puppy. You know
I might even stick a plug up your ass with a tail and take you out to the park
to show you off to the people. I am sure everyone would want to own a puppy like
you."

No way I thought. Would she really do that? But then she always had a crazy
side, so I guess that could be possible.

"OK puppy tomorrow is Monday and I shall be getting your cock cage tomorrow and
I already ordered the dog cage for you so it should be arriving this week."

With that, she started to grab her things and move to the door. I was on all
fours following her. I was actually damn happy to see her leave.

"Tonight is going to be the only night when you can jerk yourself off puppy.
After that, you can forget about getting any sexual pleasure. Now be a good
puppy and say bye to your owner."

I put my head close to the floor and started licking her boots. I licked one of
them for sometime and she kicked her leg and told me that was good enough. Then
she opened the front door and left me watching her leave. On her way down the
stairs she smiled and walked down.

And for now I was free.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dark horse


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





