BDSM Library - Just Another Day




Just Another Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mechanical maid awakens in the morning, eager to serve.
A mechanical maid awakens in the morning, eager to serve.



Just another day

A gentle humming drew her from sleep, her unblinking eyes registering darkness.
Happiness flooded her awareness as she realised another day lay before her, a
day full of obedience and service to her Master.

She wanted to stand up and get to work straight away, but her Alcove refused to
let her go just yet, keeping her firmly anchored to her chair-like Dock. She was
straddling the softly vibrating machine with her legs folded back either side of
it, feeling the points where it was clipped to her exterior all up her back and
behind her head. It was mated with the ports in her loins, and she could feel
their pull as she squirmed atop it, anxious to be free.

She felt the tubes attached to her face port wriggle with her movements, and
drew deeply from them, bringing clarity to her thoughts. She thought of her arms
locked behind her and joined seamlessly with her exterior; wondering why she had
them. She couldn't even remember the last time she used the two limbs, but it
was bad to think about before, and she happily returned to contemplating the day
ahead.

Her Alcove would charge her soon, and then hopefully release her to begin work.
If not, she would receive the punishments she had earned the day before. She
thought back briefly to the day before, but the memories were unclear, and she
knew that thinking was also bad. She was made to serve, not think; that was her
Controllers' job.

She could feel the weight of it sitting between her shoulders. Its presence was
comforting, letting her know that all her decisions were taken care of, and she
had only to obey.

She loved her Controller, her Alcove, and her Dock, and as if they were
listening, the humming intensified, making itself felt in her loins. It
continued to grow and she wriggled in anticipation, the attachments between her
legs straining to keep her in position.

Her movements stopped suddenly as her Dock emitted a loud gurgling sound, body
rigid with excitement. With a loud click the machine began charging her, hot,
thick liquid bursting forth into her belly.

She wriggled in happiness as warmth filled her, pressing herself down on the
port in the futile hope that it would go faster. She was positively glowing with
pleasure when her charging finished, and once again she strained in eagerness to
get to work.

She felt her Dock working underneath her, and she began to worry that she was to
receive a punishment. But a moment later she felt the Dock push its way into her
frontal port, and her concern vanished. The rough, steel probe slid effortlessly
into her internal workings, touching places designed specifically to give
pleasure. That her Alcove thought she had done a good job the day before made
her giddy with happiness, and even though she couldn't remember what it was she
had done, she vowed to work even harder today.

The probe began vibrating, and she immediately tried to push herself down onto
the port from where it issued. Her Controller adjusted the flow into her face
port, and she abandoned herself to the pleasure radiating through her.

She felt several peaks in her ecstasy before the probe withdrew, leaving her
glowing with happiness and determined to work hard. She would be a good worker,
and make her Master proud.

The Dock removed itself from the ports in her loins, and then she felt her legs
fall free. She straightened, and waited for it to release her back.

The flow into her face port ended abruptly, but she tried not to worry too much,
as she could continue to function for a while without its sustenance. She felt
the Dock release her back as the flow resumed, and drawing deeply from it, she
stood up.

The door to her Alcove opened silently, and she stepped out, expertly balancing
on the heels that restricted her feet. She studied herself for a moment in the
mirror outside her Alcove, ensuring that she was prepared for another day.

Her shiny black exterior glinted in the light from above, and she twisted to
ensure that her sheen was perfect. Her long legs flowed into a set of wide hips,
and above that was her perfect hour-glass waist.

Swinging her head from side to side, she inspected the bright red feather duster
that protruded from her lower face. Its weight pulled at the port lodged deep
into her head, reassuring her it was properly attached.

 She twisted around to ensure that nothing showed of her charging. In the event
that her exterior looked wrong, it was up to her to go to maintenance and get
herself fixed. She would earn punishments for being late to work, but earn even
more if she worked whilst damaged.

She shook herself happily, causing her breasts to bounce freely. She wondered
why she had them, as they appeared to serve no purpose jutting out from her
chest. But it was too much thinking, and she cleared her mind, telling herself
that it pleased her Master to have them, just like her useless arms.

Happy that she was in working order, she hurried off to begin.



Her Controller notified her that it was time for recharging, flashing a warning
across her vision. She paused in her cleaning, the duster coming to rest on the
edge of the table.

She felt a pang of unhappiness that she had to stop working, but the thought
that she was to be charged again consoled her somewhat. Straightening, she noted
exactly where she had stopped, and began to make her way back to her Alcove.

She encountered another Maid on the way, something which surprised her. Her
Controller's main priority was to ensure she worked alone, so if it had no other
choice than to let her see another, it must have had an important reason.

As they made eye-contact, she was surprised to notice that this Maid had her
arms in front of her rather than behind, and had a strange duster in her hands,
longer than hers, and with a flat end.

Her jealousy that the other Maid had use of her arms was short lived, as it also
hid her breasts. Feeling happy that hers were exposed for her Master's viewing,
she turned away to follow the directions appearing in her view. She would be
punished for looking at the other Maid, but she didn't regret doing so.

Finding herself at her Alcove, she turned around and sat down on it, leaning
back to relax. She felt the Dock attach to her ports, and immediately her spent
charge began draining from her. She waited patiently, her mind blank.

An image of the other Maid entered her thoughts suddenly, and she wondered about
her arms. Perhaps she could be upgraded, and then get a bigger duster like the
other Maid. Even though her arms would obscure her breasts, she began to feel
excited that she might be able to please her Master even better with such a
large duster. She strained to get rid of the last of her charge, whilst thinking
fondly of all the tables she could clean. She knew that thinking like this was
prohibited, but the possibility of being more industrious made her so excited!

The Dock gurgled underneath her, and thoughts of the Maid disappeared as her
charging began. Once again she pressed down onto the port, trying to will it to
go faster. She squirmed in pleasure as it pumped her full once again, renewed
warmth radiating outwards.

She felt a touch of sadness as her charging ended and she was released. But the
promise of more work ahead motivated her to get up and exit her alcove, which
closed smoothly behind her.

She paused outside the mirror for a moment, checking her state. Pleased that her
black sheen was undisturbed, she settled back and let her Controller guide her
through the halls.



After she had been working for most of the afternoon, her Controller notified
her abruptly that she was to stop working. She felt a twinge of anger at being
interrupted, eager to complete dusting the delicate objects on the table before
her.

She straightened as her Controller gave her new orders and hurried to obey,
heels tapping against the floor. She halted outside a closed door, and stared at
it nervously. She wasn't allowed to open doors, but this was where her
Controller said she had to go.

Her faith in its directions began to waver as she waited outside, torn between
doing nothing and disobeying her Controller, and breaking a rule that had been
in existence as long as her limited memory could recall.

Her problem was solved a moment later as the door swung open. She stepped
through eagerly, eyes already searching for things to clean. Her Controller was
silent, but her need to please her Master stirred her into independent action,
and she began working on the lamps that surrounded the new room, head swinging
from side to side as she worked the duster over their surfaces.

"She's a beauty, isn't she?" came a voice from across the room. She barely
faltered in her cleaning, but her head swam with joy. It was her Master!

"She was one of the first girls, so she's pretty obsolete now. Normally she
would have been sold a long time agoï¿½ but she brings back memories."

It's bad to think about what Master says, she told herself firmly, and
concentrated on her dusting.

"Number three, come here!"

Her Controller sprung into action, flashing commands at her. Quivering with
happiness, she abandoned the lamps and hurried over to stand by her Master.

He was sitting at the table in the middle of the room, accompanied by several
other men. But they were not her Master, so she ignored them.

"She's covered by several layers of latex," her Master explained, touching her
thigh. "Whilst she sleeps we pump lubricant through it, which keeps her clean
and ensures that it doesn't rub too much. She probably doesn't even notice it
anymore." She shuddered with pleasure as his hands ran gently across her smooth
exterior.

"She has a corset built into the suit, keeping her figure nice and trim. Of
course, her diet is strictly regulated so she can't get fat anyway. We decided
early on that being fed by enema is the best way for her to gain sustenance,
rather than IV's which would be difficult as she moves around so much, or
stomach tubes which could cause her to drown, being gagged the way she is." He
patted her belly softly.

"The enema is replaced three times a day, giving her a constant supply of
energy. A short break period whilst she visits her alcove in the middle of the
day, and then straight back to work."

"Are her breasts real?" one of the other men asked.

"We prefer not to give our girls implants, so any enhancements like that are
done at the owners' expense."

"Why does she have breathing tubes like that?" another queried. Her Master
chuckled.

"It's more an aesthetic decision. We can run them flat against her face, or
simply have her breathe directly from the air."

"Can she make any noise, like cry, or whimper?"

"Again, that's another decision for the owner. This girl has a tube into her
lungs, so her vocal cords are still there, but she can't use them." There was a
murmur of agreement amongst the men.

"Can she be used for sex?"

There was a moment of silence before her Master replied.

"Of course she can. Obviously her rear is off limits, but she can be drained if
necessary and perform anal sex."

Her Master was touching her again, detaching the feather duster from her face.
She was a little nervous, but his close presence was enough to reassure her. She
felt his hands on her back, and obediently bent forwards over the table.

"The girls are regularly exercised by their Alcove, so their muscles are strong.
They can really give your cock a workout!"

She felt her Master touching her ports, and suddenly stiffened in surprise as
her front opened up. She quivered with fear, unable to remember ever being
opened away from her Dock. But quick commands from her Controller calmed her
down, and she spread her legs further for him.

She felt him touching her gently, and then suddenly he was inside her, pushing
his way through her insides. She squirmed on his cock in surprise and pleasure.
He felt so different to her Dock, softer and yet more filling.

He began to pull out, and she found herself sliding back. Her heart leaped with
joy as she realised that this time she could push back onto her object of
pleasure, and slid back on the table to try and keep him in her. Suddenly he
slammed back into her, and her entire body stiffened with pleasure. This was
better than vibrations!

Soon he was stroking powerfully into her, and her Controller was flashing rapid
messages to keep her still. She didn't know why, but she wanted to push back
against him and squeeze her chest roughly. It felt so good!

Her unblinking eyes glanced across the men watching her, and she felt slightly
embarrassed. This was something she should be doing safe in her Alcove, not on
her Masters table. But this was what he wanted, and she was enjoying it so much!

She felt his hands slide around her and grab hold of her breasts, squeezing them
tightly. Despite the discomfort, she was overjoyed that she finally knew what
they were for; to provide her Master with something to hold on to.

His grip grew tighter, and his thrusting more urgent. She was dizzy with
euphoria, her Masters cock sending waves of pleasure through her. She wanted it
deeper in her, pushing back to meet every stroke.

Her Master bent over and rammed himself deep within, grunting into her ear as
she felt his cock pulse.

Her entire body stiffened with shock as she felt him cum, and her head swum as
she reached her own peak. The name for what she was feeling came unbidden to her
headï¿½ orgasm.

She squirmed against the table for a few more seconds as her Master held himself
within her, and then his painful grip on her breasts loosened.

"You're as good as everï¿½ Diana," he panted softly into her ear, and then pulled
out of her.

She was shaking as her front port closed, sealing her Masters liquids within
her. She was happy, and yet confused. What did he say to her? The order to not
think about what Master said was forgotten. Numbly she straightened, abandoning
herself to her Controllers instruction whilst she thought.

"Are thereï¿½ any moreï¿½ questions?" she dimly heard her Master pant. There was
silence for a few seconds.

"Where can I buy one?" one of the men asked.



She completed her remaining work without her usual vigour, earning herself
several punishments. But she found she didn't care; her Masters words had
disturbed her too much.

Dianaï¿½

Dianaï¿½

Back at her alcove, she crouched down onto her Dock and felt it lock onto her
rear port. Strange memories began to flutter through her mind, different words
for things she used every dayï¿½ not her rear port, her anus.

She pressed her legs together as much as she could, and felt her Masters cum
within her. The sensation seemed familiar, as if it had happened before. Her
commands to not think about the past broke under the weight of her confusion,
unlocking things she had forgotten.

Her Masterï¿½ she remembered him, but it was differentï¿½ she was differentï¿½ she
wasn't black thenï¿½ she didn't have an Alcove, or a Dock, or a Controller.

And then she remembered realising she had been drugged, and waking up in her
suit, locked onto her Dock. She remembered being terrified, and then the images
had begun, flashing into eyes she couldn't close.

And her Master had been there, explaining how she was to begin a new life of
service, how the computer would tell her what to do, and how she would receive
hateful enemas' every day.

As her memories continued to return she felt the liquid in her bowels began
draining. This time there was no excitement, only a growing dread.

And then she remembered him explaining how her memories would be suppressed, and
how she would think she was nothing more than a machine maid, how she would hate
thinking and her greatest joy would be to serve.

Her memories began returning rapidly, and she began squirming on the machine.
She pulled at her arms, trying to free them, whilst her fingers wriggled in
their mittens, unable to even touch each-other. The tube in her throat suddenly
felt horribly invasive, and she began gagging on it, her tongue squirming in its
rubber sheath as she tried to expel it.

Her terror increased suddenly as the Dock gurgled underneath her. She screamed
silently, unable to make the slightest noise.

The warmth burst into her rectum and she struggled harder, horrified by what was
happening to her. She strained to expel it, but the unthinking pumps continued
relentlessly, pushing the thick liquid high into her bowels. Her resistance only
caused her to cramp painfully, increasing the discomfort.

I don't deserve this; she wailed silently, her terror only rising as the enema
ended and the Dock pushed up against her sex.

She began squirming harder, her frustrated crying causing her chest to shake
silently. The vibrator pushed through the port in her suit and slid deeply into
her pussy. She shuddered in horror as it began vibrating, hating herself for
reflexively clenching down on the metal intruder.

She could feel her clit growing as her arousal increased, until she wanted to
cry with frustration. She would have traded anything to have her clit sucked on,
but her uncaring Dock ignored the sensitive organ, mindlessly working her
higher.

I don't want to cum, she screamed in her head, even as she approached the
inevitable.

It washed over her suddenly; the vibrations making her entire body stiffen. She
tried her best to press herself against the vibrator, even as she sobbed in the
quiet of her mind.

Hot and shaking, the vibrator left her as smoothly as it had come, and her sex
was once again sealed behind the layers of latex.

Her respite was short-lived as her Controller came to life, flashing into her
eyes once again.

Please no! She screamed in her mind, but was unable to look away from the images
and commands pouring into her, washing away thoughts and memories with every
moment.

She began to find it harder and harder to resist; her eyes relaxing and letting
the images wash over her. She didn't want to resist!

 Pleaseï¿½ a small part of her mind cried out, before disappearing underneath the
incessant tide of the commands she was receiving.

She was a good maid, a good machine, and tomorrow would bring another day of
happy obedience and service to her Master. 



--

Big special thanks to my proof-readers, slavelucy and redEva.

--




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lord Douche


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





