BDSM Library - Prom Week




Prom Week
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The busty cock teasing girls at one unlucky high school finally get what they deserve during their Prom Week.
                           Prom Week

                              

                             Monday

     Fred was having his usual shitty day. First a jock name Eric Hastings
pulled his pants down when he said hello to Amber Smith.

     He had to admit thou that exposing his raging hard on to the young beauty
was an extreme turn on.

     Than there was that stupid rumour about him jerking off in the bathroom,
spread by that red headed freckled bitch Ashley Down .              

     Lastly he had been caught by Mrs. Pearls staring at her ample cleavage. For
that he had been ordered to help the Head Janitor after school for a week.

     While he had been contemplating his problems, he had reached the Head
Janitor's office. Fred knock gently on the door. He got no answer. Oh great he
isn't here. Fred opened the door and peeked inside.

     Mr. Kingsly Had Amber Smith in the corner. "Please Mr. Kingsly, I only came
in for a broom" The short haired brunette beauty pleaded. Amber looked hot in
her red sweater and jeans.

     "You not getting out a here till you show me those big tits of yours" the
janitor explained. Fred wondered if he should get help, but Fred than remembered
how she laughed at his earlier humiliation.

     Besides he had always want to see those large firm jugs. The teary eyed
girl grabbed the bottom of her sweater and pulled it up, free two dark hooters.
Fred couldn't believe that he was seeing Amber's breasts in there full glory.

     The Janitor grabbed her breasts into his hands, roughly groping the 18 year
old girl. Just than she kneed him in the balls. She dodged pass the janitor, who
incidently dropped to his knees in pain.

     Fred opened the door at the same time Amber was reaching for it. The young
woman was knocked back onto her ass.

     Both Amber and the Janitor looked up at Fred unsure who's side he was on.
"Quick grab her arms" Fred said to the Janitor. The Athletic girl jumped up and
ran for the door, but it was too late.

     The Janitor grabbed her arms as Fred shut and locked the door. Fred wasn't
sure about what he was doing, the only thing he knew was that he was more turned
on than he had ever been in his life.

     Fred cleared the table in the centre of the room off and grabbed the nearby
scissors. "Put her on the table" Fred ordered. "Someone help!" Amber cried as
she struggled.

     Fred used the scissors to cut her jeans off. He than cut her panties off
and sniffed them. To his surprise they wet with pussy juice.

      Worried that someone would here her cries for help, gagged her with her
own panties. Fred looked appreciatively at Ambers olive skin and her 38FF
breasts. All that was left on her was her socks and a sweater pushed up to
reveal her oversize jugs.

     Fred forced Ambers legs apart and started licking her pussy. Amber moaned
loudly cumming for her first time ever, unable to believe that it was truly
happening to her.

     Fred pulled out his cock and rubbed the head of it cock against her pussy
lips, to Amber's terror.

     "You thought my dick was funny earlier do find it funny now?" Fred asked.
He than used his body to keep her legs apart so that he shove his dick inside
her.

     At first he was worry that she could keep him out of her thru her cunt
muscles alone, but with one last push he was inside her.

     He than stood there savouring the moment. Not once since he had known her
had he ever thought that he would have his dick in her, yet here they were, His
cock buried inside her cunt.

     He started fucking her slowly enjoying her humiliation as her raped her
young beautiful body.

     Fred tugged hard on Ambers long nipples making her cry out thru her
makeshift gag, her suffering addictive to the young man and the janitor.

     Amber would be the first rape but far from the last Fred decide, enjoying
the experience. Unable to hold back, Fred gave up the slow fucking and started
ramming her cock in her hard. He grabbed one tit into his hand and sucked on the
other one.

     This was the best day of his life Fred realized. He had Amber Smith
powerless, his to use as he saw fit. She reduced to being nothing but a fuck
toy, existing for his amusement.

     While Fred was raping the young girl, the janitor used an electrical cord
to tried Amber's wrists together. He that tied the rest of the cord to a wooden
peg sticking out of the table just inches above her head.

     The janitor than grabbed his camcorder and taped Fred licking her to orgasm
and shoving his dick in her twat.

     "Shit, your tight" Fred moaned as he fucked the poor defenceless girl to
another orgasm. He than filled her cunt with what seemed like a litre of spunk.

     He pulled out with loud sucking sound. "Your turn" Fred said to the
janitor. The janitor put the camera on a tripod and aimed it at Amber.

     "I think I'll try another hole" the Janitor announced as he flipped Amber
on to her stomach and breasts. He pulled his dick out and tease Ambers asshole
with it.

     "Take the gag out I want to hear beg to have her ass raped" the janitor
ordered. "Aren't you worried that some one will hear her?" Fred asked nervously.
"Na, the rooms sound proofed so that I could fix things in here with out the
noise disturbing any classes, plus must people have gone home" the Janitor
explained.

     Fred pulled out Ambers gag and stuffed the panties in his pocket. "Please
Fred let me go, I'll never tell anyone what you did to...Ah!". The janitor had
smacked her ass cheek hard interrupting her.

     "Beg to have your ass rape slut" the evil janitor ordered. "No!" she
replied in defiance. Fred and the Janitor spanked Amber hard, each take a cheek.
Amber was powerless to stop them. The pretty girl finally broke.

     "Please rape my ass, ram your cock up my asshole, treat me like a whore
just please stop spanking me!."

     "Good that's better" the janitor said before shoving his throbbing prick up
her brown chute. "Ah, That burns!" Amber screamed as the Janitor violated her
ass.

     To her disgust the cock up the bum felt as good as it hurt. Fred's dick was
hard again. He thought about making her give him a blowjob.

     He started by rubbing his dick all over her pretty face. When she opened
her mouth to moan he shoved his dick into her wet mouth and down her pretty
throat.

     She gagged on his cock, making the experience of raping her face all the
more delightful. "Suck it real good Amber, cause the sooner I get off the sooner
it leaves your mouth".

     Amber realized the truth in what he said. So Amber sucked on his cock for
all she was worth. The gagging subsided after awhile.

     Amber found her self enjoying her raping. The humiliation, the degrading,
the being raped was turning her on like she had never known in her young life.
What the fuck is wrong with me? Amber asked herself, hating herself for it.

     The janitor grunted as he fill her tight rectum with sperm. At the same
time Fred gave Amber her first taste of semen. "Swallow it all bitch!".

     Amber complied as best she could but some escaped out of the side of her
mouth. Fred was amazed at how much he spurted into her violated mouth. It was
even more then when he'd filled her sweet cunt with jizz.

     Fred removed her huge cock from her mouth and wiped what was left of his
jizz on Ambers massive tits, while the janitor did the same on her ass cheeks.

     Fred turned to the janitor and explained "I'm going to the family studies
area to get some wax leg hair removal strips". The janitor grinned understanding
want Fred had planned.

     As Fred left the room he heard the janitor say "What sweet long nipples you
have". When Fred returned he saw that Amber was on her back again. A clothes peg
was clamped onto each nipple as well as her clit.

     "Please take them off, they hurt" the teary eyed girl begged the
janitor."I'm back" Fred announced as he put the wax strips on the table beside
Amber.

     Amber looked at the strips and fearfully asked "what are those for". Fred
answered by covering Amber's pubic region with wax. Amber realized what he was
planning on doing and tried to make a deal.

     "Please don't wax my pubic hair off, I've got money lots of money, we can
make a deal, right?". Amber screamed as Fred ripped the wax off.

     Amber tried to get a better view of what Fred was doing down their but her
big olive skinned jugs got in the way.

     When Fred was finished he twisted Amber's clit between his thumb and index
finger, making her gasp with pain

     "I wonder how much cock we can feed this bitch?" Fred asked his fellow
rapist. The Janitor freed Amber from her constraints.

     Amber looked at the door, but knew she didn't have the faintest hope of
reaching it before they caught her and of course punishment would follow.

     "Get on your fucking knee you gawd damn whore and I suggesting getting used
to it as your probably going to be on them a lot from now on" demanded the evil
Janitor.

     Fearful that she'd be hurt if she disobeyed, Amber got her knees, the
humiliation almost more than the former virgin could bare.

     She was one of the richest girls in school, not to mention the most
popular, yet her she was on her knees, about to debased and defiled. The worse
part was her cunt was responding to her abuse against her wishes.

     "I bet she could take both are cocks into her mouth at once" Fred offered,
the janitor nodding his agreement.

     "But first make the cock teasing piece ass beg for it like the cunt that
she is" the janitor added, thirsty for Amber humiliation and desecration.

     "Please...Please let suck your hard juice cocks into warm, wet mouth and
down tight throat masters, so that I can drink twice as much cum, proving I'm
dirty slut masters" Amber begged, her humiliation feeding her arousal, which fed
her self-loathing.

     Amber's act of self degradation was rewarded as first Fred than the Janitor
fed the big breast girl their cocks.

     Amber's cheeks bulged as her mouth and than her throat was brutal invaded.
Her jaw ached and as did her throat, but Amber suck on them with natural skill.

     The pulled out at the same time, hosing the sexy student with hot sperm.
Creamy semen dripped off her beautiful face and on her big olive skinned tits.

     Amber stared at the her rapists with hatred in her eyes, but that just
inflamed them more. Fred slapped repeatedly in the face with his cock, making
her thank him for each time.

     "Get on your fucking back bitch and ask us nicely rape your fucking cunt
till you scream!" Fred ordered the poor girl. Amber forced her tears back and
got on her back on the cold floor.

     Amber tried to suppress her growing humiliation as she spread her legs
wide, giving her attacker a perfect view of her now bald cunt.

     "Please master fuck my tight young pussy, rape me hard, teach me the price
of being a cock teasing cunt, who place is on her back being spear by hard cock"
Amber declared, cupping her perfect tits.

     The Janitor knelt between Amber's long sexy legs and rammed his cock home.
Amber's tits bounced wildly as the janitor pounded into her heavenly cunt like a
jack hammer.

     The Janitor pushed Amber's hands away from her gigantic jugs, replacing
them with his own hands, so that her could squeeze Amber's tender tit flesh so
hard tears formed in the corner of her eyes.

     Amber's cunt convulsed around the Janitor's huge cock as she came, her
pussy milking his cock of its own accord.

     The Janitor buried his face in one of Amber's mountainous mammaries, just
as his hot creamy sperm flooded her slut tunnel.

     "Tell me how much you want those enormous tits of your fucked, tell me how
you deserve to have your tits abused and debased for being suck a cock teasing
whore all these years!" Fred commanded, his voice fill with joy at Amber
powerlessness.

     "Please don't make me..." Amber pleaded, only to be interrupted by Fred
twisting on her tall nipples painfully.

     "Aw! Master, Master please shove that enormous cock of your between by
pillowy tits, in fact I need your both your massive cocks despoiling my heavenly
hooters, it's why I bought them, proving that I'm just a cock teasing whore
who's sole purpose in life is to tit wank her masters" Amber lied.

     Fred took her up on the offer. The evil bastard wrapped poor Amber's meaty
tit flesh around his cock, his hands squeezing Amber's tits so hard, she was
afraid they'd pop.

     The Janitor got in position so he could rape Amber's tits from the other
direction, his hairy ass just inches from her face.

     Amber's tits were so big that Fred's cock got no where near the Janitor's.
Fred had thought that Amber's blowjobs and tight young pussy were amazing, but
they couldn't compete with the divine sensations running thou his cock and body
as he fuck the best set of tits in school.

     Amber's body glistened with sweat at her mountainous melons took a
pounding. To Amber's further humiliation every time the Janitor pulled back for
another thrust, she found her face buried in his ass crack. And while it was
surprisingly clean, it was still humiliation.

     Amber's breathing got heavier and heavier as a tingling started in her
tits. It grow in strength making it so Amber had to bite her lower lip to keep
from screaming out. The pleasure grew till it melded seamlessly with the pain,
so that Amber could tell one from the other. Finally she it peaked leading an
explosive orgasm stronger than any she'd had yet so far.

     Amber screamed. "Oh God no, fucking shit, oh god, cumming, oh god help me I
can't take it, fucking shit, it feel too good..." Amber screamed out, fighting
futilely against her climax, waves of mind obliteration orgasms crashing though
her body.

     Just when Amber thought it was over, another orgasm exploded, ripping thou
her body, tearing her identity, her very sense of self, form her until all that
was left was endless sensation as orgasm after orgasm consumed her to her very
soul.

     Amber's huge tits became her universe for what seemed like an eternity, but
finally things calmed down and sanity returned. Fred and the Janitor removed
their tools from Amber's pleasure inducing mega mounds.

     Amber looked down at her oversized tits to see creamy sperm splattered all
over them, it looked like someone had poured a bag of milk on her soft tits.

     Horror so strong that it felt like someone had punched her in the stomach,
hit Amber as she realized what had happened, how they'd so completely destroyed
her for that instant, had turned her into a mindless, soulless, fuck slave.

     It didn't matter how hard she fought it, here orgasm still ate her alive.
The only thing worse was that this seemed to be only the beginning of what they
had in store for her.

     "Please, Please, Please, no more, I'll do anything, I'll do
your...ob...blubb..." Amber muttered as the Janitor's sweaty, hairy, and smell
nut sack was shoved into her mouth to shut her up.

     Fred lifted Amber's legs up, while Janitor sat on Amber's huge tits, so he
could shove the rest of his salty balls into Amber's hot wet mouth. This put
Amber in an awkward and painful position.

     Fred nibbled on Amber's ass cheeks, causing her legs to flail about, in a
useless attempt to protect her beautiful bum.

     Fred licked Amber's hot ass, smacking her ass with a loud crack, every time
she started flailing about.

     The this was nothing compared to her shock when Fred shoved his face into
her pretty bum, his longue tongue brutally violating Amber brown eye evilly.

     While Fred was tormenting Amber's ass, poor Amber was getting enough oxygen
to the brain. Amber's cheeks hollowed as she sucked hard, getting just enough
air to be all right, but more importantly as far as the Janitor was concerned,
this caused her to also suck on his balls.

     Amber tried to ignore to salty, sweaty, taste of the testicles in her
mouth, but as orgasms burst within her, her sense of taste seemed to get 10
times more sensitive.

     Amber's need for air, intensified her orgasms, but as she neared the point
of blacking out Amber instinctively grabbed the Janitor's cock in hand, knowing
that if she didn't get him off soon she suffocate to death.

     The world seemed to get darker and darker as she stroked his cock
skilfully, jerking him off faster and faster in a desperate attempt at survival,
but it didn't seem to be enough.

     Things went almost completely dark for Amber and her arm weaken, but it was
than that sperm erupted from his cock, flying thru the air to land on Amber's
pink sweater.

     The Janitor pulled out of Amber's mouth, allowing her to breath again.
Amber sucked in air with her powerful lungs, her vision returning to her.

     Fred tired of tormenting Amber's fine bottom, so he let go, Amber's ass
smacking meatily into the hard floor with a loud thwack.

     Amber arched her back at the pain, thrusting out her mammoth mounds, which
pushed one of Amber's tit flesh into the Janitor's ass crack, her nipple teasing
the out edge of his brown chute.

     The Janitor rode her tits, getting off on way her tits felt against his
ass. He smack Amber around with his cock, laughing at her despair and
hopelessness.

     "Grab my lunch box, it's over by my drill" the Janitor ordered, bouncing up
and down on Amber's tits.

     Fred grabbed it and brought it over to the Janitor. He opened it and pulled
out a long, think, Salmi.

     "Beg to suck on it like you suck on your Grandfather's cock Amber" the
Janitor ordered, hungry with the need to see Amber further humiliate herself for
their amusement.

     "Please, please master, let me, let me, suck on it like I suck on my
Grandfather huge cock" Amber embellished, knowing that they'd hurt her more if
she didn't.

     The Janitor forced it slowly down Amber's skilful and tight throat, getting
it nice and wet. He finally pulled it out when three quarters of it had gotten
down.

     He got off her and flipped Amber over and got her to stand up before
forcing the young woman to bend over the table.

     The Janitor rubbed the monstrous salmi against Amber's juicy pussy lip,
before ramming it in, making the poor defiled girl gasp.

     He kept shoving it in till it reached the half way point and than he
proceeded to flip Amber over.

     "Blow your new cock bitch" he command crudely, referring to the salmi
buried in her twat. Amber was glad she had taken yoga in gym, as she bent
herself at an extreme angel, so that she could take the Salmi between her lips.

     Amber's mouth got lower and lower on the Salmi till the graceful beauty was
deep throating the meaty snack. The man made meat hit the back of Amber's throat
with an audible thunk, adding to her shame and humiliation.

     Amber bent so far in fact that her chin was rubbing her clit, making
Amber's pussy even wetter.

     Amber wanted to run and hide, but if this was what they were doing to her
while she was obeying, image what they'd do to her for disobeying.

     Amber's cheeks hollowed as she hoovered her make shift cock. The sight was
too much for Fred, who pulled the Salmi out of Amber's mouth to replace it with
his own brand of meat.

     Fred kept Amber bent painfully as the Sexy student turned her oral suction
power on Fred huge cock.

     Fred slammed his cock in and out of Amber's mouth hard enough to bruise her
tonsils, during which the salmi Fred was fucking her cunt with became a blur
from the speed as which it was mercilessly pounding into her tight young cunt.

     Amber's eyes rolled into the back of her head as waves of orgasmic please
violated her young flesh. Her screams were muffled by the massive cock raping
her throat.

     Amber's hot wet mouth on his stiff throbbing cock was more than poor Fred
could bare, so he put an end to it by flooding her mouth with his salty seed.
When he'd covered every square inch or Amber's tongue with jizz, Fred pulled his
cock from her pretty mouth and the salmi from her sore cunt.

     Amber was made to lick her cunt juices off the salmi before they let her
relax. Amber rubbed her aching back as she got out of the uncomfortable position
she'd been in.

     The Janitor grabbed a bucket of soapy water and handed it to Amber. "Clean
the floor bitch" he ordered with malicious glee.

     Amber hated cleaning, but at least it was better than the cruel sexual
abuse she was receiving at the hands of her tormentors.

     Amber pulled the sponge out of bucket, but the Janitor stopped her. "Use
your tits bitch" he demanded , already getting hard again at the popular girl's
humiliation.

     Amber dunked her immense tits into the soapy bucket, tears once again
forming in the corners of her eyes. The bucket was huge, yet it was still at
tight squeeze for her enormous melons.

     Amber pulled her dripping wet jugs of the bucket and with a glance back at
her tormentors Amber pushed her beautiful fake tits again the floor. The Janitor
pulled Amber's arms painfully behind her and used her arms like a handle,
mopping the floor up with Amber's huge tits.

     "Best damn mop I ever had" he joked with Fred, making sure he could be
heard over Amber's whimpering.

     "Aren't you going to thank me for using your enormous tits to clean the
floor or are you going to making me remind you that you're my property, that you
exist for my amusement whore?"

     When Amber failed to respond, he wrenched her arms up into a more pain
position. "Thank, thank you master for washing the floor with my tits so that I
may learn that I your whore, your property, and that I exist solely for horny
men to rape and torture" Amber said debasing her self.

     Fred than added to Amber's suffering by ramming the salmi into her ass, her
tight rectum barely giving in, making Amber scream soundlessly.

     "What no thank you? See that's the problem with this whore, no gratitude,
no manners, and no initiative, from now on if we have to go to the trouble of
asking you to beg for it, thank us for it, or show us what a whore you are,
you'll be punished severely, so you'd better anticipating our wishes" Fred
warned.

     "Thank...thank you master violating ass with the salmi master, and please
make eat it afterwards, I live for your pleasure" Amber said, taking Fred's
threat very seriously.

     "Thank's a good start bitch, keep it up" Fred commanded, pulling the salmi
out of her ass as a reward.

     The Janitor resumed mopping the floor up with Amber large tits. He could
see on Amber's face how humiliating she found it, so he slowed down, taking his
time to maximize Amber's degradation and torment.

     "Thank you master for using my big tits to clean your floors and thank you
for making it as humiliating and degrading as possible can, this teach me what
happens to cock teasing whores" Amber announced as she had been ordered, Fred
threat haunting her.

     Amber hated them for this, but she feared them too much to disobey, she had
decided that she'd do what she'd been told and she'd debase herself for their
amusement at every opportunity, but she swore she'd have her revenge some day.

     To added insult to injury, Amber felt another titgasm coming on. She fought
it as best she could, but the next this she knew she creaming to the chuckles to
her enemies. "Oh, fuck gawd yes..." Amber screamed to her self loathing.

      By that time Amber had finished mopping the floor with her giant jugs, the
Janitor's cock was as hard as diamond and in obvious need of relief.

     Amber almost choked on her next word, but she said them like she meant
them. "Please master, I was a good little whore, mine tit fuck your huge cock, I
dying to prove to you what a cock worshipping slut I am master" Amber begged,
cupping her huge tits as an offering, an altar on which the Janitor could blast
his unholy jizz.

     He just nodded his head. When Amber could see he wasn't going to do it
himself, she crawled over to him on got on her knees before his beastly cock.
Amber pressed her big tits against his legs and than pressed her tits together,
enveloping his cock in her pillowy embrace.

     "Does that feel good master? Do my soft, yet firm tits feel nice and
pillowy enough master? I can't wait for your hot cream sperm to baptize my tits
master" Amber said, jerking him off with her gravity defying knockers.

     "Oh no not again" Amber whispered to herself, as yet another titgasm washed
over her. "Oh holy fuck! Rammed the big yours between my tits!" Amber cried out.

     I was long after that Amber's request for the Janitor's sperm to baptize
her huge hooters was granted.

     Sperm gushed out of him cock in a geyser that left Amber tits dripping with
spunk. "Thank you master for shooting your creamy hot sperm all over my
beautiful tits, thank you for marking me as your property with your tasty jizz,
may I lick it up" Amber requested.

     He gave his consent, allowing her to lap up his jizz. As Amber cleaned her
tits off with her tongue she came to an awful realization.

     Fred handed Amber the salmi, which he'd covered with his jizz. "Thank you
master, you really know how to make feel like I nothing, but a dirty whore"
Amber announced with genuine gratitude.

     While Amber scarfed down her disgusting treat, Fred found a magic mark. As
Amber finished eating Fred approached her.

     "Are you going to write something on my tits master?" Amber asked seeing
the marker in Fred's hand. Fred nodded affirmative.

     "I don't know what to write yet, but I'll make sure it's humiliating enough
for a ho like you" Fred promised, searching his imagination for an idea, but
coming up with squat.

     "How about writing �public property' on my tits master" Amber suggested to
Fred amusement.

     Fred did as Amber suggested, before shoving a large board between her arms
and her back, thrusting Amber's magnificent tits out even more, proving to the
world the Amber was build for fucking.

     Fred than lead the naked beauty, down the empty halls of the school. Fred
almost had a heart attack when he nearly walked into his Math teacher and his
Shop teacher.

     Mr. Hinge and Mr. Stokes had been working late and were just on their way
out when the two parties collided.

     Fred was expecting trouble, but the two teacher's just smiled staring at
Amber giant tits. "So what is this girl six or seven?" Mr. Hinge asked the
Janitor.

     "Number six" he replied proudly. Fred jaw dropped in surprise at the
unexpected revelation about his associate.

     "We've raped six girls and never gotten caught?" Fred asked excitedly at
the prospect that he rape any girl in this school and get away with it.

     "No, this was first time raping a student, the other's I just used my ugly
face too scare them into showing me their tits" he explained.

     "About time someone raped one of these snooty bitches, they come into class
every day with their tight tops and big beautiful fake tits, beautiful faces,
cock teasing both students and the teachers, leaving everybody with blue balls
because they never put out" Mr. Hinge griped.

     "That describes 99% of the female student and teachers at this school, how
more of these cock tease whore get what coming to them" added Mr. Stokes.

     Mr. Hinge turned back to Amber. "As for you, you've cock teasing me all
year, flirting with me to improve your grade, but never giving anything up, your
one of hottest pieces of ass I've ever come across, about time your got raped."

     He looked to Fred, to Fred surprise, who just nodded his approval. "I've
been dying to get my hands on your tits for four years now" Mr. Hinge told Amber
as his hand mauled her huge tits.

     "I'm, I'm sorry for being such a cock teasing whore, I should have taken
off my top after class and blown you like a good student" Amber uttered, her
humiliation at being forced to debase herself to the pleasures of both her Math
teacher and her Shop teacher almost more than poor girl could stand.

     "Your taking this hot piece of ass to gym to really teach her what a cum
guzzling whore she is, want to join us in raping this bitch in the most
humiliating ways possible?" the Janitor asked, excited at the prospect of Amber
being defiled and used by even more horny men, especially men she'd cock teased
for years.

     Amber's teachers agreed, barely able to restrain themselves at the getting
their hands on the young piece of ass they'd been giving them blue balls for
four years.

     As they entered the gym, Fred removed the board from Amber's arms and
smacked her ass with before tossing it aside.

     Mr. Hinge grabbed a skipping rope from the storage room. "You don't need t
o tie her up, she knows the price of fleeing" the Janitor explained.

     "I have a better use in mind" Mr. Hinge replied wickedly, a cruel glint in
his eyes. He slipped the skipping rope between Amber's sexy legs and gave the
other end to Mr. Stokes. Mr. Stokes pulled up on one end while Mr. Hinge pulled
up on the other, wedging the skipping rope into Amber's pussy painfully.

     They kept lifting the rope higher and higher, till Amber was a foot off the
floor, held up only by the rope digging painfully into Amber's cunt.

     Tears formed in her eyes as the skipping dig into her clit, her pleas for
mercy ignored. Amber caught the look in Fred's eyes and realized she was about
to be punished.

     "Thank, thank you for torturing my, my pussy, I deserve to be punished for
having been a virgin for so long, and using my huge tits to get what I want
without slating your needs" Amber declared, humiliating herself in the hopes of
heading off any punishment.

     The two teacher's moved their arms up and down so that Amber bounced up and
down on the jump rope, causing extreme agony to course thru her pussy.

     Perhaps it was the minds defences or perhaps she really was a slut, her
body having forgotten to tell her, but Amber starting cumming again, no despite
the pain, but because of it.

     As Amber was made to bounce up and down on the skipping rope her
mountainous melons  bounced as well, her huge orbs almost hypnotic as they did
so.

     When the teacher's arms grew tired, they let her down. "On your back bitch
and let me suggest you get used to the position, a sweet piece ass like you will
be using frequently in life" Mr. Stokes explained to the hottest student he'd
ever taught.

     Amber did as she was told knowing that she'd better beg to have young pussy
pounded or be punished. "Please Mr. Stokes, I've been a bad girl and need to be
punished with nice brutal rape, please make it hurt as much as possible, teach
me I nothing but a beautiful pain slut."

     Agony shot through her pussy as Mr. Stokes slammed his big dick home. He
grabbed Amber's him and started plugging away at the youngest, wettest, and
tightest cunt he'd ever violated.

     Amber big tits bounce enticingly, so that Mr. Stokes couldn't keep himself
from shoving his face into Amber pillowy tit flesh.

     "Oh, Oh, Oh" Amber muttered as she was hit yet again with an orgasm.
Amber's convulsing cunt milked Mr. Stokes's cock into cumming, his salty man
chowder flooding Amber heavenly passageway.

     No sooner than he'd pulled out, than Fred came back with a riding crop, for
the school's horses.

     Amber knew what it was for and what she had to do. "Please, please spank my
ass, spank my ass like daddy does" Amber said, unable to believe what she was
saying.

     Fred brought it down once on each of Amber's long sensitive nipples. Amber
yelped each time, after which she was made to lay down on the ground her tits to
the floor.

     Fred nodded at the teachers and than at Amber's big knockers. Mr. Stokes
stepped on Amber's left tit with both feet, while Mr. Hinge stepped on Amber's
right one.

     They started jumping up and down on Amber gigantic tits, while Fred had at
Amber hot ass, whipping mercilessly.

     Amber cursed her body thru her pain as her body got more turned on then
ever, ignoring her wishes to the contrary.

     "Please jump up and down on my beautiful young tits masters and please
spank me like dirty whore" Amber begged, her humiliation never ending.

     Until this day Amber had never imagined that her huge tits could endure so
much pain, yet not only was she surviving it her body had come to crave it.

     Amber's hand found it way to her pussy of it own accord and Amber was
shocked to find herself finger fucking herself to another awe inspiring climax,
desperate for anything to relieve some of the pain.

     Finally the teacher's got off Amber's jugs and Fred tossed aside the riding
crop. The Janitor knelt down on Amber's tits, a knees pressing painfully into
each tit and smacked her face with his huge cock.

     "Please...Master torture my tit and brutally rape my face, show my what a
whore like me is for" Amber begged, hoping it'd be over soon.

     The Janitor grinned an evil grin and gleefully started fucking Ambers face
in as sadistic a manner as possible.

     Mr. Stokes got behind Amber and shoved his cock up Amber's ass, making the
popular and beautiful girl squeal in a most humiliating way.

     Mr. Hinge wasn't to be left out, rubbing his cock all over Amber's back
before he joined Mr. Stokes in Amber's rectum.

     The two huge cock pumping in and out of Amber's ass at the same time left
Amber scream, but cock in her mouth muffled most of it.

     Finally Amber started cumming again, this time almost thankful for the
distraction it proved from the agony in her bowls.

     The teacher's eventually pulled out of Amber's ass, shooting a couple of
creamy loads onto her sexy ass.

     Soon after the Janitor fed Amber his salty elixir, smacking her with his
cock till she swallowed it all and thanked him for the privilege.

     Fred had taped it all and continued to tape as Mr. Stokes went to get more
tools and equipment to torment Amber with.

     "Please master my go to the bathroom" Amber asked fearfully, only the shear
pressure on her bladder made her ask.

     Fred tossed Amber her clothes, which he'd brought with him. Amber thought
this meant he wanted her dressed, but gave he very different orders.

     "You can piss on those, here and now" Fred commanded. "And because you fail
to beg for it before I asked you'll be punished" he added.

     Amber fought back the tears of frustration his cruelty. She squatted over
her clothes and prepared to urinate on them.

     Amber cursed Fred silently. This was her favourite outfit and it cost over
two grand. Finally Amber forced out of stream of piss from her tight pussy,
sprayed her costly clothes with pee that would ruin them.

     Amber continued peeing on her clothes till they were complete soaking wet
with urine. Amber waited until bladder was empty before moving away from the
smelly pile of clothes.

     "Thank master for making me pee on my own clothes, it was one of the most
humiliating things ever" Amber said, hoping to spare herself further torments.

     Mr. Stokes returned with an arm load of stuff. He tossed Amber some new
clothes. Amber tried to put the white tee-shirt on first, but she couldn't get
it over her huge tits, so her tits were left exposed.

     Amber than put on the matching gym shorts, which happened to be cut up so
that it was little more than crutchless short shorts.

     Mr. Stokes shoved a three fat fingers into Amber's pussy in an effort to
emphasis how exposed she was and vulnerable to sexual abuse she was.

     He buried his face in Amber's heavenly tit flesh. Amber tried to keep from
looking disgusted in fear of further punishment.

     "Please molest me, my big titties are exist for you to play with master,
and my cunt exists for you to violate and use" Amber offered.

     Mr. Stokes pulled towards the a bench with a glass prism from the math
department on it and Amber's stomach churned with dread.

     Amber could already tell what they had planned for her. "Please master,
I've been a bad little whore and I need to be punished, may I sit on the prism"
Amber requested, almost choking on the hated words.

     Mr. Stoked nodded his approval so Amber forced herself to place a leg on
either side of the bench and to lower self onto the prism. It was painful, but
it was nothing compared to the pain when Mr. Stokes used the gyms pulley system
to lift the bench into the air.

     As if that was cruel enough, Mr. Stokes tied huge mesh bags filled with
heavy basket balls and soccer balls onto Amber's legs, causing Amber even more
pain as she hover in the air.

     Amber's scream caught in her throat and tears pour down her cheeks. It was
by far the worse agony yet.

     Her only relief was when that pain became so great that in typical pain
slut fashion, she started cumming.

     Still Amber was too busy with the pain to feel the humiliation yet. The
would have to be a torment saved for later.

     "Cup your tits and bounce up and down" Fred shouted up at Amber. Amber was
too afraid of further punishment to disobey, even it the haze of pain.

     Amber some how managed to bounce up and down on the prism, causing her so
much pain she was barely able to keep from passing out.

     The pain was so great she was hoping to cum to relieve some of the pain,
but it was forth cumming.

     Just as desperate stuck her, she started creaming. Amber rubbed her clit
with one had, while fondling one of her enormous tits.

     Amber had finally had enough and fainted, falling off the bench. Thankfully
her big fake tits acted like air bags, saving her from any injury.

     "I had to tell you what to do" Fred observed, handing Amber a bucket full
soapy water. Despite her agony wrack body, Amber did as she thought Fred wanted.

     "Master, may I please wash the floors of the gym with my beautiful tits"
Amber muttered halfheartedly.

     "Not enough enthusiasm, for that you'll lick the floor clean first and than
mop it up with the gorgeous tits of yours!" Fred said, grasping at any excuse to
punish and humiliate the beautiful girl.

     Amber stuck her tongue out and at an dangerous glance from, lick the floor.

     It was gritty and tasted worse than she'd imagined. Amber kept at the
distasteful and time consuming task.

     After two hours of licking every square inch of the floor until it shined
Amber finally done. "You missed a spot bitch" Fred said, pointing to the growing
pool of urine on the floor, as he continued pissing.

     "Oh, crap" Amber mutter under her breath. "What was that?" Fred asked
hearing Amber muttering.

     "Thank you master, a dirty bitch like me deserves to be treated like your
toilet, please master piss in my mouth, teach me that I nothing but your
urinal!" Amber begged, trying her best to keep the look of self disgust off her
face.

     Fred changed direction of the stream so that he was pissing into Amber open
mouth. Amber forced herself to swallow all of it, to the amazement of those
watching Amber failed to spill so much as a drop of pee.

     The others joined on using Amber as a beautiful urinal. Amber decided that
as gross and humiliating as it was to be used as public urinal it was better
than licking piss off the floor. They than took turn raping Amber again.

     To Amber despair she had a more orgasms. When it seemed like they didn't
have anything let Amber go.

     Amber felt relieved that it was over but Fred had over ideas. Fred had
always wanted to see a women masturbate while watched.

     "I want to see you play with your self before you are released". Amber
tried to dart out of the gym, but Fred and the janitor blocked her way. "There
is not way I going to finger my self for your sick amusement" Amber declared
defiantly.

     "Play with your self or we'll rape your ass again" Fred promised as he
grabbed the camcorder. Resigned to her fate Amber sat on the bench.

     Amber was glad to see that her nipples weren't deformed as she gently
tugged on them. Amber laid down and started teasing her nipples. She slowly
moved her hands down her supermodel like body.

     She teased her cunt lip gently at first but than slipped a finger inside
her self. Amber thought about having her ass, mouth and pussy being raped. T

     his turned her even more and she slipped another two fingers inside of
herself. "Oh yea that nice" she muttered as she frigged herself. "What you
fantasying about?" Fred asked, watching his victim fingering her self with
abandon.

     "You raping my mouth and throat while the janitor rapes my ass" Amber
admitted, lost in a haze of lust. Amber arched her back as a series of screaming
orgasms.

     The janitor whispered to Fred "Ms. Amber Slut here is a loud one when she
cums, ain't she". Fred nodded his agreement.

     "The janitor and I have agreed to let you go in a moment but first, while
the janitor get's your gym shorts from your locker your going shove a salmi up
your cunt and one up your ass while I fuck your tits" Fred said to the already
sexually abused beauty.

     "But you'll let me go after right?" Amber asked hopefully.

     "Yes but remember if you tell anyone about what we did to you we'll send a
copy of this tape, with you fingering yourself, to your parents and friends so
tell no without our permission" Fred threatened as he cupped Amber large
mammaries spheres, weighing them in his hands.

     Amber answered fearfully. "I won't, I promise, just please don't show
anyone I beg you not to show my family and friends, I'll die of embarrassment."

     The janitor left the room so Fred handed Amber the foot long salmi's. Amber
slipped the first one into her tight cunt. It stretched her pussy lips almost as
much as the dicks did. She than got off the table so that she could shove the
other salmi up her rectum up her. Amber struggled trying to figure out how to
get it up her tight hole when Fred simple grabbed the salmi and violently rammed
it all the way up her asshole in a single thrust. Amber screamed in mixed
pain/pleasure.

     It provide to much for the poor girl so she dropped to her knees, her legs
no longer able to support herself.

     Fred took advantage of this by forcing his huge cock down Amber throat. He
than removed his dick from her mouth and replaced it with his big hairy sack.
Amber was forced to suck on Fred's hairy testicles sack, but she sucked on them
like they were addictive as crack. He than pulled his sack out of her mouth, and
rubbed them in her face.

     Next he cupped Ambers smooth tits and wrapped the firm, but pillowy globes
around his throbbing man meat. Fred raped Amber's poor tits slowly at first but
faster and harder as he approached his climax, his cock a blazing comet between
her gigantic basket balls. Amber shrieked as a titgasm exploded like a supernova
in her planarity orbs.

     Fred squeezed Amber's 38FF cup tits as hard as he could when unleashed his
load, the soft flesh yielding under his fingers.

     Amber's face and tits were covered in cum, so Fred made her lap up the
salty seed, the olive skin slut purring at the creamy texture as it slid down
her throat.

     Just as she finished cleaning her boobs with her tongue the Janitor
returned with her gyn shorts. Amber looked up with relief believing her ordeal
was finally over.

     She was about to remove the salmi's, which were almost completely inside
her but Fred stoped her. "Leave them in, our going to walk home with them inside
you". Amber was shocked by this new cruelty.

     "Please no..." Amber begged to no avail, realizing that the pair of
perverts got off on knowing she was going keeping cumming all the way home. The
humiliation of this made her wetter, making it worse.

     "Unless you want your family to how much you like playing with yourself and
being raped you'll do as I say" Fred ordered. Amber left them in, believing she
had no choice in the matter and put her shorts on. She pulled down her top and
ran out of the room in tears, horrified at what at being raped, but also at
finding a part of herself that had enjoyed being raped, a part of herself she'd
wish to know, but now would be with her always.

     Fred was pleased. He'd sell copies of the movie to all his horny friends.
They would never believe he had raped Amber Smith and gotten away with it. But
this was just the beginning..




                            Tuesday

                               

     Fred was making a fortune. He had just sold $5000 worth of video. The video
Amber's rape was selling faster than Furbies. Fred handed his friend Rick a tape
and took the $50 bucks for it.

     "What I wouldn't give to join in on the fun you were having" Rick admitted,
getting stiff just thing about it. This gave Fred a great idea. "I have
something planned for Amber during the prom, and for the right price you can be
in on it". Rick agreed to an additional $1000 to be apart of it.

     Fred walked away to give the janitor his cut of the profits leaving Rick to
his thoughts. Fred must be making a fortune off of this tape not to plus he got
to fuck Amber Smith. I maybe I should make a tape too Rick realized, greedily.
The question was who should I do. She'd have to be as popular and hot as Amber
Smith. She'd have too have tits bigger than Amber's too. Rick had the perfect
girl in mind.

     Harmony was a East Indian exchange student from New Delhi. She had even
acted in two Indian movies, neither of which Rick could pronounce, but she was
one hot piece of ass.

     Rick was planning on her starring in a movie of his own. He'd call it
Bollywood Rape. He'd need help though.

     Fred had experience in this sort thing. Brick, a major bully in the school,
had the muscle. His friend Ben was loaded with cash and would pay a fortune to
rape Harmony after she had dumped him in public. Rick just needed a place.
Frank's Piazza place would be perfect. Frank was alway staring at his
waitresses' breasts, hungry for some sweet young pussy. Rick went to prepare for
later.

    

     "Harmony I've called to beg your forgiveness for asking you to put out on
our 8th date, I was out of line and you had ever right to dump me in front of
every one, I was such an ass" Ben said over the phone to his ex-girlfriend.
"Alright I forgive you but this doesn't mean that were getting back together
again" Harmony warned.

     "Of course, but I hope we can still be friends right, perhaps we could talk
about it in the place where we had our first date in about an hour?" Ben asked,
sweetly. "Sure I'd like us to remain friends too, as long as they'll be no funny
business" Harmony replied.

     "We'll met than at 5:00 pm in Frank's Piazza place, alright?" Ben asked
charmingly. "Yes, yes, I've got to a shower first, bye" Harmony answered before
hanging up.

     Ben turned to Rick and gave him the thumbs up. "She bought it, hook, line,
and sinker" Ben said as he got an envelope with five grand in it. Ben handed
Rick the envelope. "This is a fraction of the money I spent trying to get her in
bed, what's a little more, especially if I get to teach that cock teasing bitch
how be a cock slurping whore." Rick couldn't help, but wonder at someone who
thought of $5000 as �little more'. How rich was this? "We'd better get to
Franks, the others are waiting" Rick reminded Ben.

     "Are you sure we'll get away with this Rick?" Frank asked as scratched his
balding head nervously. He always did that when he was scared shitless. "It's
covered Frank, Fred knows what he's doing his done it once before and gotten
away with it" Rick explained.

     "Think how nice it'll be to rape Harmony's rich bitch tight cunt" Brick
added. "What have you got against the rich, sir" Ben asked offended.

     "Save the aggression for harmony's sweet ass" Rick said breaking the
argument up, before it really got started. He couldn't afford a fuck up. "So are
you still with us Frank" Rick asked, uncertain of the answer.

     Frank nodded his head and added "I am a tit man and Harmony has a great set
of milk melons on her", drooling at the though of the her brown orbs.

     "That she does, that she..." Rick agreed chuckling,  until Fred ran into
the store shouting "here she comes, everyone in position!".

     Frank went behind his counter and Ben sat down at the large table in the
centre of the pizza parlour. Brick and Rick sat at a table beside the door. Fred
crouched behind the counter with the camcorder ready.

     Harmony than entered the Piazza place, looking stunning, as usual. She was
wearing a simple white blouse and a long black skirt. She noticed Ben and went
right to him. She didn't notice Rick getting up and locking the door.

     Harmony sat down across form Ben and asked "what did you want to discuss?"
her hand reaching out to hold his, with gentle smile on her face. "Show me your
big tits you slutty cock tease" Ben ordered as he grabbed a firm 38 EE cup
breast in his hand, shocking the hell out of the graceful beauty.

     Harmony pulled away, smacking him in the process and got up to leave,
saying " your still an asshole" in parting .

     She turned around and ran straight into Brick. "Excuse me please" she asked
trying to get around him, still too caught up in her anger to noticing anything
unusual.

     Brick said nothing as he picked Harmony and put her on top of the large
table. "What's going on?" Harmony asked as she finally noticed everyone
gathering around her. Harmony started to get scared.

     "What is Fred doing with the camcorder and why are the curtains closed".
"We've decided that you're a hot piece of ass and that your cock teasing days
are over" Ben explained with cruel delight.

     Harmony gasped in horror and asked "you've got to be kidding, what are you
talking about? I'm not a cock tease!" Harmony replied, a little shocked at
herself for saying cock.

     Brick tired of the gabbing and wanting to see this Hindu beauty drinking
his sperm, so he decided to cut to the chase. He tore her white blouse open
revealing round brown hooters barely contained in a white silk bra.

     "We plan to gang rape you and tape it and worst of all, your going to cum,
just any other big titted slut" Brick added simply.

     "Let me go!" Harmony demanded struggling to free her self as Brick forced
her arms behind her back and hand cuffed her wrists. Brick tore her bra off so
Harmony's big brown breasts sprung free.

     "Holy shit look at those jugs, we're really going to rape her!" Rick
shouted excitedly. Brick tore the Harmony's skirt off her with a tug revealing
her lacy underwear. Brick tore them off too.

     Fred took the panties and stuffed them in to Harmony's mouth to stop her
screaming. Brick tugged hard on Harmony's long dark nipples making her squeal
thru her gag. Harmony closed her eyes as Brick's rough finger probed her pussy
lips.

     To Harmony's disgust she for her pussy responding despite her best efforts,
especially when Brick pulled out an uncircumcised dick that wouldn't have looked
out of place on a horse.

     Harmony had her eyes closed, but Brick forced her to open them and look
down, so she had to watch as he rammed his cock up her tight, wet cunt. Harmony
almost fainted as her virginity was ripped a way form her brutally.

     Brick couldn't believe he was popping this hot bitches cherry. Brick
revelled in Her humiliation and powerlessness.

     Rick and Frank moved around so that they could each suck on one of
Harmony's magnificent brown skinned milk melons.

     Harmony felt an orgasm coming on, one so powerful it left her shock and
stunned, every nerve alive, as Brick raped her cunt and Frank and Rick enjoyed
her perfect tits.

     This must be the ultimate huliation Harmony thought. To be raped and made
to cum from it like some whore. Harmony had an earth shattering  multi-orgasmic
experience while Brick climaxed inside of her abused pussy, hot jizz flowing
down her cunt sheath, a new thrilling and degrading sensation.

     Brick filled her cunt of with a torrent of sperm, till it dripped out of
her. Brick pulled out and picked Harmony up.

     Rick got on the floor with his large dick out. Brick impaled Harmony's
virgin asshole on Ricks cock. Harmony screamed as her brown chute was violated
by Ricks throbbing member. Ben then stepped up and forced his prick into
Harmony's already raped pussy.

     Unshed tears formed in the corners of Harmony's eyes as she was double
fucked, with only a thin piece of flesh separating the two cocks.

     Fred wasn't to be left out. He pull the gag form Harmony's mouth, and when
she was about to beg for mercy he shoved his dick into her mouth and down her
throat.

     As if being raped in three orifices wasn't violation enough for the
bollywood star, Frank wrapped a cord around her tits and then shoved his cock
between the pillowy globes.

     Harmony found her growing arousal too powerful and potent to fight any
longer. She started sucking on Fred cock like there was no tomorrow, eager for a
mouthful of sperm.

     "Harmony your cunt is tighter then I ever imagined!" Ben cried as he came
first filling Harmony to the overflowing point. Rick was next flooding Harmony's
perfect rectum with his seed.

     Ben teased Harmony's clit with his thumb, till the Hindu babe convulsed
with another soul crushing orgasm.

     Fred wasn't to be left out. Fred gave Harmony her first taste of jizz which
she gulped down with an unquenchable thrust.

     "Cover my beautiful tits with you sperm, decorate my tit meat marking me as
a cum slut!" Harmony begged Frank. Dripping stud juice shot from Franks cock
like a cannon covering the gang raped bollywood star's tits.

     When every one was finished and there dick pulled of the young beauty, Rick
uncuffed her. "Are you releasing me?" Harmony asked hopefully.

     "Hell no, were just going started" Rick answered. Rick removed the cord
from Harmony's raped breasts and gave her new orders.

     "Lick the sperm form you tits or you'll have deal with Brick here". Harmony
was forced to comply. Brick was all muscle and 7 feet tall She really did not
want to mess with him.

     Harmony just wished she didn't enjoy being raped and forced to do degrading
acts so much. By the time her tits were clean again her pussy was soaking wet.

     "You now have a choice Harmony you can either pick two of us to rape the
hole of your choice or can be spanked by brick here". This just was too cruel.
To be gang raped was bad enough but be forced to choose how she was to be raped
next was too much to bare.

     "No!" Harmony shouted and jumped off the table. Brick caught her before she
could get away and bent her over the table with one hand. He passed the
camcorder to Ben before he started spanking Harmony.

     Harmony screamed in mixed pain/pleasure. Frank joined in spanking her other
buttock. When Harmony could take it no longer, "Please stop I'll choose, please
Frank I'll suck your cock dry and Brick can fuck me up the ass as hard as he
wants just please stop spanking me!" Harmony begged.

     They stopped, but as it was Harmony didn't think she could sit for a week.
Harmony got off the table and got on her knees.

     She took Frank's cock in her hand and looked up at him. "I...I don't think
I can do..." Harmony started. She was interrupted by Frank.

     "Do you want another spanking?' Frank asked. This was enough to move
Harmony in action. She started licking Frank's cock shyly at first.

     Soon she was licking his cock and hairy balls like it was her favourite
flavour of ice cream. Being forced to behave like such a whore was such a turn
on for the Bollywood star, she'd always been the good girl all her life.

     Harmony deep throated Frank's cock masterfully, in her endless search for
his sperm. Frank grabbed the back of Harmony's head and was raping her beautiful
face when Brick joined in. Brick rammed his cock up her ass in a single thrust,
making the poor girl wail around the cock in her mouth. Harmony's squeal of mix
agony/arousal was music to the ears of all who heard it.

     Harmony rubbed her clit fast and furiously as she was violated at both end.
Frank pulled out as he climaxed, hosing Harmony's face with semen. "I swear I've
never had a piece of ass this nice before" Frank declared as Ben took his place.

     "Remind me how you are sorry you didn't put out on our first date" Ben
ordered as he slipped his dick between Harmony's pillowy jugs.

     Knowing she had no choice, but to obey, even though she was being ass
fucked by a man with a huge dick, which made it kind of hard to think never mind
talk, Harmony did her best.

     "I should have put out for you on our first date, after what you spent on
dinner I should have begged you to fuck my ass and cunt, I should have given you
a world class blowjob, instead I was a cock tease" Harmony said.

     "I should have put out for everyone, instead I was selfish with my body,
when I should have proved what big cock loving slut I am" Harmony said,
surprised at her own sincerity. Harmony could tell Ben liked her apology when he
soaked her milk melons with jizz.

     Harmony was raped not only in every orifice, but also between her tits and
in her long raven black silken hair by all of her rapists, repeatedly, for what
seemed like an eternal hell/heaven of unbelievable sensations.

     Harmony, to her additional humiliation came as many times as they did, if
not more.

     Harmony was forced too lick herself clean when they were all spent. Harmony
hoped it was over but she wasn't to be so lucky.

     Fred went behind the counter and searched his bag for wax strips. He
brought them over to Harmony, an evil glint in his eyes. He covered her pubic
region with the strips, while Brick held her arms.

     Harmony struggled like a wildcat because she knew how painful it was going
to be. Fred slowly pull each strip off slowly, savouring her pain, making
Harmony howl like a beast possessed.

     When he was done her cunt was completely hairless."My pussy's so sore
please let me go now!" Harmony begged as rubbed where her pubic hair used to be.
Harmony's skin was always silky smooth.

     "Poor girl you must be famished after all that fucking" Frank said with
mock concern. "Well I am a bit peckish, but I'd rather just go home" Harmony
replied as Frank went to get some piazza. When he came back Harmony could see it
was not your every day ordinary piazza.

     Frank and the guys had jerked off on it earlier covering it with sperm.
"Dig in" Frank ordered as Rick snickered.

     Harmony was hungry so she didn't put up much of a fight on the matter.
Harmony ate the piazza with cum topping with a passion. As she feasted on the
sperm covered goodies she wondered to her self. Why does sperm taste so good and
make my pussy so wet?. As she ate this last bite, a twisted the thought came to
her. I hope they make it a permeant topping choice, I don't get much meat in my
diet. When she was finished and her face cleaned she receive her final orders.
"Play with your self" Fred commanded the degraded beauty.

     "What I...I" Harmony said in shock. Harmony had never masturbate in her
life and was nervous about doing it for the first time. Rick nodded to Fred and
Brick. Brick grabbed Harmony's arms and forced them behind her back. This made
Harmony thrust her tits out forward. Fred went and got the acupuncture needles.

     "No please I was going to finger my pussy I swear!" Harmony pleaded when
she saw the needles.

     Fred laughed, "too late, are now to be punished with these needles that
have been dipped in chilly powder".

     Fred stuck the first needle into her brown tit flesh. Harmony gasped in
pain and arousal. Fred than stuck another and than another in. The pain was
phenomenal. Soon Harmony had twenty long very thin needles sticking out of each
breast. Fred then shoved a needle into Harmony's nipple, in the milk duct.
Finally Brick released Harmony's arms.

     "Finger your cunt you fucking cock hungry slut" Fred commanded. Harmony was
too afraid about what punishment would be next, to disobey Fred. Harmony your
took the toys Frank handed her instead of removing the needles. Harmony
deepthroated the long realistic dildo, it's mock testicles slapping against her
chin.

     Harmony than pushed the realistic black vibrator into her ass and the
realistic pink one in her tight cunt. The vibrators almost stretched her as wide
as Frank and Brick huge cocks put together. Harmony fucked herself to orgasm.
And than another one. And so on.

     Harmony had thought that they would stop her when they had made their
point, but they were too distracted by her big East Indian hooters and small
waist. Eventually the batteries ran out of power and she was released with a
threat.

     If she told anyone the tape would be sent to her family and friend and the
India press. Her career would be ruined if they showed her masturbating to
orgasm after orgasm so she decided to keep her silence.




                           Wednesday

     Frank was serving Brick a large piazza when his daughter Melany came in.
Brick noticed the size of the breasts under her tight white tee shirt. "Look at
the pair on her Frank!" Brick whispered.

     "That's my daughter Melany" Frank replied. "Sorry Frank I..." Brick started
before Frank stopped him, with an understanding look on his face.

     "It's alright Brick I know my daughter has one of the best set of jugs this
side of the playboy mansion" Frank explained, beaming with a filthy form of
pride.

     "Shit, Brick you think the case of blue balls she is giving now is bad, try
living with her, I've had a case almost every day since she grew up to be such a
piece of ass!"

     Brick nodded knowingly. "So, I've heard you have brought me my cut from the
Harmony video profits." Frank reminded Brick. Brick handed Frank his cut, a
whooping $5000 check.

     "Shit I should have done this years ago" Frank said as he slipped the money
into his apron. Frank looked up at his daughter adding "I think I have the star
of the next video too". Brick's eyebrows raised in shock. "Your own daughter!?!
Shit that's nasty even for us" Brick said, shocked, yet excited too, at the
thought of that hot bitch being fed her own father's cock.

     Brick looked at Melany in her tight jeans and thin, tight tee-shirt that
show the shape of her huge breasts. "Such family reunion's aren't my thing
Frank, so I'll just leave you to it" Brick said before leaving.

     That afternoon, before Melany returned from school Frank reminded his three
son that Melany would be home soon, so they should prepare.

     As she entered her home Jack her oldest brother grabbed her arms, forcing
them behind her. "Let go of me or I'll tell dad!" Frank's irate daughter warned.
Jack smirked

     Frank walked up to Melany and violently grabbed one of her large breasts in
his hand. Melany gasped in shock, disgust, and arousal. "Dad what are you
doing?, please don't touch me like that" the 18 year old girl pleaded.

     Frank talked as he rough fondled his beautiful blond daughter. "Melany
you're a cock tease, and it is high time you learn the price of that".

     Peter, Frank's youngest son at 19, handed Frank a large jug of water. "You
want to wear tight tee-shirts all the time, fine we'll have a wet t-shirt
contest than."

     Frank slowly poured the freezing water on to Melany. Melany yelped at the
cold kiss of the water.

     Frank felt his cock stiffen as he could see his daughter's tits in full
detail through her see thru top.

     Frank and his boys had dreamed of this day for years, though they tried to
surpress such thoughts till now.

     Melany had been teasing there cocks for years with her big jugs and lips
just made for blowjobs.

     When Frank had finished soaking his daughters top completely he tossed the
water container away.

     Frank tied her top in to a knot just below her firm jugs. Frank grabbed his
daughter's firm knocker's in his rough hands. "Fondling you is even better than
I imagined" Frank offer crudely. Frank bent his head down and started sucking on
Melany's amazing milk melon.

     "Please stop touching me like this" she pleaded as she struggled to get
away. Frank stopped to catch his breath.

     Frank than removed Melany's pants, socks, and panties. Frank slipped a
finger into her tight hole announcing "boys she's a virgin!" Frank with a stupid
grin, exposing his gold teeth.

     "You have four choices Melanie, you choose one of us to pop your cherry, or
we can see if your tits can produce milk, or we can wax your pussy bald, or
lastly we can use your sweet mouth as a place to piss your choice". Melanie
couldn't believe her ears.

     "Your giving me an ultimatum like that? No fucking way". "You need learn
who is in charge here" Frank said as he bent her over the side of a near by
sofa. He than spanked her perfect ass cheeks.

     Melanie's large tits bounced and swayed with every slap to her tender
buttocks. Melanie felt betrayed by both her family and worst of all, her pussy.
Her cunt got wetter every time Franks hand cracked across her lovely ass cheeks.

     Lou, Melanie's youngest brother, kneeled on the couch in front of his
gorgeous sister. Being only one year older than Melanie, she had always felt
close to Lou. "Please Lou help me...meeee!"

     "Sorry Mel, you know I'm a tit man, and you've got the best melons I've
ever seen" Lou replied as he fondled her mammaries.

     Lou tugged her t-shirt up, freeing a pair of huge tits. Lou shoved his
Louisville slugger between his sister's round breasts.

     Melanie was caught in a flurry of sexual stimuli. It proved to much for her
to resist and the pretty 18 year old started to feel an orgasm coming on.

     "Cover my tits with you hot sperm" Melanie screamed to her brother. Lou
shot his jizz out like a geyser, blanketing her jiggling chest with man sauce.
Melanie found her face too was covered in her brother's sperm.

     Melanie was than forced to lick her jugs and face clean of spunk, which
made worse by the fact that it tasted just like pineapples her favourite fruit.

     Just than the door bell rang. "Hooters pizza!" the girl shouted on the
other side of the door. "Who was the idiot who ordered piazza right now?" Frank
hissed.

     Melanie put her hand up. "I know you make pizza dad, but it always tastes
salty and gooey... and I just realized you've been shooting your wad into the
piazza dough!" Melanie whispered, recognising the creamy, yet delicious taste .

     Frank pulled his daughter's top down, so that it was tied just below her
breasts again. Frank look out of the peep hole. The piazza girl was a looker. A
very pretty young woman, with her red pony tail popping out of the back of her
baseball cap.

     Her hooter's were barely contained in a hooters girl t-shirt. Her knocker's
have to be as big as Melanie's Frank realized.

     She was also just as ravishing in the looks department as his daughter. An
evil idea crept into Franks mind. E

     ver since hooters had moved into the pizza delivery arena his business had
been getting ass fucked by these big titted sluts.

     Now it was their turn to be fucked. And boy was he going to fuck the big
titted bitch hard. "Help me I..." Melanie shouted before being gagged by her
middle brother Peter. He did this by forcing her to her knees, and then forcing
his throbbing prick into his sister's hot, wet mouth.

     Frank than opened the door and grabbed the pizza girl by the wrist, pulling
her into the house. Frank shut the door behind the frighted girl.

     Frank noticed her name pin was on her hat instead of on her shirt so that
the sight of her impressive jugs would not be obscured by anything besides her
hooter t-shirt.

      "So, Lisa have you ever been rape before" Frank asked as he moved between
Liza and the way out. Jack got behind Lisa and pinned her arms behind her back.
Jack's free hand cupped one of her pillowy breasts. "Please let me go!" the
piazza girl pleaded.

     Frank pulled her hat off exposing her shiny red hair. "Nice pony tail,
where I come from we call that power steering" Frank laughed.

     Lou stood filming it all. He turned the camera back to Peter who was raping
his sister's mouth with a fury. Peter inundated Melanie's tongue with his
dripping stud juice. She shallowed her brother's dripping cream like it was her
last supper.

     Lou than handed the camera back to Peter. Lou than pushed his sister back
onto the sofa and started licking her tasty cunt. She was cumming in no time
which inspired Jack. Jack forced Lisa onto the lazy boy. He removed her shorts
and panties first. He then feasted on the piazza girls twat. "Please stop" Lisa
asked again, before she was caught up in a orgasmic shock wave that emanated
from her clit.

     Frank grabbed the leg wax from the coffee table and announced it was time
for the waxing. "So Melanie who will be first to have her pubic hair removed,
you or Lisa". Melanie gave into cowardice and said "Lisa." Lisa shivered in
terror as her legs were forced apart. They than applied the wax strips.

     Melanie felt her arousal soar as the wax strips were removed slowly,
leaving Lisa's beautiful  pussy bare. Lisa howled at the pain and fainted.

     "Your next" Frank said evilly, as Jack forced her legs apart. The wax was
applied and than removed. Melanie screamed, but did not allow herself the luxury
of fainting, feeling that after she'd acted so cravenly, she owned it to Lisa to
take the brunt of the next assault.

     "I guess it time to fuck the enemy" Frank declared as he looked at the
fainted form of Lisa. Melanie gave into her guilt at having gotten Lisa into
this. "Rape me first" Melanie whispered. "Why should I?" Frank asked confused at
the question. "I want your hard cock filling my tight virgin hole" Melanie
answered huskily, trying to spare the pretty red head.

     "I've been such a cock tease, with my big creamy tits, that it is about
time you taught me to act like the fuck toy that I should be..." Melanie added.

     This was to much for a bastard like Frank. He pounced on her like a panther
and was raping his daughters tight cunt hard, before she say another word. She
gasped as her virginity was cruelly stolen away. "Dad, your cock is too big, it
going to kill me" Melanie wailed.

     Frank ignored her pleading as he brutally raped the poor girl. Jack got
sick of her pleading so he forced his sister to suck on his balls. Melanie had
never sucked on anyone's hairy sack before. She hadn't even known that testicles
could get this big.

     Lisa awoke to the sight of Melanie being raped at both ends. Jack had
replaced his nut with a cock so big that Lisa didn't know how Melanie could
deepthroat it. She was soon to find out by experience.

     Peter pull her top up unleashing her enormous breasts. Peter than rammed
his dick between the her massive hooters.

     Lou, who now controlled the camcorder, grabbed Liza's pony tail and started
jerking off with it, using his free hand.

     After Melanie had another screaming soul sucking multigasmic explosion,
Frank fill his daughter's tiny pussy with his seed as the poor young woman was
fed a litre of semen by her brother.

     Lisa was next as Lou filled her rich, vibrant red hair with his white
sauce. Finally Peter unleashed a torrent of guy goo, completely painting Lisa's
face and firm globes white.

     Frank had first shot at Lisa's virginity.

     "Please I am a virgin! Don't do this" Lisa begged as Frank held her arms
above her had before shoving his steel hard cock in to her woman hood. Lisa
moaned when her hymen was torn asunder. Lisa was filled with self loathing
because of her approaching climax. "Noooooo!" she screamed when her orgasm hit
like a battering ram.

     Lisa and Melanie were both forced onto there tits and stomach. Jack and Lou
than started raping there tight arse holes, alternating when every both girl
came.

     From that point on each of the young busty beauties was raped in all three
holes, plus there large milk melon, by all four men.

     When the guys were spent Frank gave new orders. "You must now drink the
sperm from each other."

     Melanie started by licking the sperm from Lisa's asshole. Lisa moaned
loudly as she received her first rim job.

     "Oh, that feels good" Lisa added as Melanie suck the spunk from her
asshole. Melanie than moved onto Lisa's pretty vagina. Melanie loved how Lisa
tasted, and the way she squealed when Melanie lick her love button.

     When Lisa's pussy was clean Melanie worked her way up Lisa back, kissing
every inch lovingly.

     When she was done, Melanie turned Lisa around and started licking her trim
belly clean. Melanie didn't know what surprised her more. The fact that she
loved the taste of jizz or that she desired the young woman in front of her more
than she had desired anything else.

     Melanie moved onto Lisa's beautiful globes. As Melanie sucked on Lisa
amazing breasts, Lisa gasped in arousal. Melanie than got another shocker.

     Lisa started lactating. Melanie's mouth filled with milk as Lisa had
another orgasm. Melanie moved onto Lisa's face licking the cum from her face and
hair. "Do you want to go to the prom with me?" Melanie whispered into Lisa's
ear, before gently nibbling on it.

     Lisa giggled and whispered back "Only if you promise to fuck me all night
long afterwards". Lisa than kissed Melanie deeply. Lisa softly slipped her
tongue into her new girlfriends mouth. They made out for what seemed like an
eternity.

     "Hurry it up sluts" Frank ordered, annoyed that they seemed to have a thing
for each other. Lisa licked the sperm off of Melanie's entire body. Lisa savour
every square millimetre of the blonds athletic body, sending Melanie in to
several head spinning climaxes.

     While the girls had been cleaning each other guys had gotten a tripod for
the camcorder and a pair of buckets. "Get on your hands and knees with your
hooters over the buckets, it's milking time" Frank ordered.

     Lisa, with her new lover at her side, told Frank to go fuck him self. Frank
bent Lisa over in response and shove his entire fist up the pretty piazza girl's
asshole. Jack bent Melanie over and shoved his fist in to. "Please
stop!...Please milk my huge tit like I am your fuck slave, Please master treat
me like a cheap whore" Lisa begged in an effort to end the anal fisting.

     "I suck your dick every day I promise... I'll even suck and I even let you
sell me as a whore on the streets if you'll just stop ramming your fist up my
ass!" Melanie pleaded in the hope of protecting her already violated asshole.

     The guys pulled there fists out of girls assholes with a popping sound. The
young beauties than got into position over the buckets.

     Frank started milking Melanie's large hooters while Lou milked Lisa's firm
jugs. Milk strayed from there nipples. Lisa couldn't believe that being degraded
and humiliated was turning her on so much.

     Melanie had same feeling, but with added arousal of being milked by her
father. When they had milked a half a litre out of the ladies Frank decided on a
new game. He first moved the bucket's out of the way and shoved his dick in to
Lisa's hot mouth.

     Frank moaned as he pissed in the pretty girl's mouth. Lisa shallowed as
fast as she could so she wouldn't drown. Peter rammed his cock into Melanie's
mouth and gave a golden shower too.

     She instinctively shallowed instead of drowning on the golden fluid. Lou
pissed on Melanie's lovely tits, while Jack pissed on Lisa's pillowy jugs.

     When it was all over Frank gave Lisa her clothes and he told her to get the
fuck out. Lisa just held her hand out and said "your forgetting the cost of your
pizza, oh and I'd better get a damn good tip!"




                            Thursday

     Brick was a man with a plan. He had seen how much had been made with Amber
tape and the Harmony tape, even Frank's tape had made a fortune.

     Brick had to out do them all. He was going rape the principle. All his
friends except Fred, had thought he was mad. She could call the cops on him and
she wouldn't be as easily intimated as the others.

     This didn't deter Brick thou. The Principle was the best looking piece of
ass in the entire school, and Brick was just a cock worshipping whore deep down
inside, like the rest of the women in this fucked up berg.

     She was tall with incredible legs that seemed almost to perfect to be
believed. Her ass was sublime and seemed to beg for a fucking.

     She had short silky blond hair and smelled like roses. Best of all she had
the most perfect pair of tits in the entire motherfucking multiverse.

     They seemed to be a 38GGG cup which might look to large on some women, but
on the model tall principle they were perfect. He had it all planned. Brick
knocked onto the door to her office.

     "Come in". Brick entered the room and was pleased to see that Principle was
alone. "So what do you need" she asked pleasantly, looking up from her work.

     "Someone has stolen the sports equipment in the gym Mrs. Pearls!" he lied.
"I'd better check this out" she sighed, this was the third time this month.

     They left her office and entered the gym. She noticed that the bleachers
were full of male students and that the stage was set up.

     "What the hell is..." she started, smiling, thinking she was about get some
kind of surprised award, a sign of appreciation. It's about time someone noticed
how hard I work for this school. She was interrupted by Brick grabbed her by her
gargantuan hooters.

     She was pulled up stage by her mammoth mammaries , her horrified screams
ignored. Another young man grabbed her arms and held them behind her back.

     "What hell is going on?" The principle demanded seconds before her blouse
was ripped opened, revealing a monumental pair of tits, which where barely
contained in a white bra.

     Her knee shot up and connected with his testicles. Brick howled and dropped
to his knees. When he got up (he was one tough prick) he bent the principle over
a desk on stage. He removed her panties and pulled off his leather belt.

     Brick paid the ungrateful Principle back, by spanking her beautiful ass
cheeks causing the poor woman to howl in pain/pleasure.

     "Please stop! I'll do...do anything you want just no more please!" Mrs.
Pearl pleaded. "Prove to me that you're the biggest slut and whore in the entire
world and maybe I'll stop" offered Brick as he mercilessly spank the humiliated
principle in front of an audience of hundreds.

     "I suck your fat dick, in fact I suck every cock in the room, and more I'll
prove to you that I'm a slut, I promise,  just please stop spanking me, It hurts
so much!"

     Brick relented reluctantly. "PROVE IT NOW!" Brick shouted at the Principle,
when she hesitated.

     Mrs. Pearl obeyed in complete terror of Brick. She walk up to the
microphone and asked in a husky voice "do you think I am nice piece of ass?".
The audience shouted there agreement. "Do you want to see my tits?" she asked,
her voice thick with her own arousal.

     The audience chanted tits in answer. She removed what was left of her
blouse while thinking up imaginative ways of getting her revenge on them all.
Fearful of another belt whipping she unclipped the front of her bra emancipating
her enormous milk melons.

     Brick thought that they were the hottest thing he had ever seen. "Do you
think I a fucking whore?" she asked as she cupped her ample jugs. After there
excited reply she asked "do you want to see my cunt?"

     This time she removed her dress exposing her slit to the audience. Mrs.
Pearl had never been this humiliated or wet in her life.

     "Can I go now?" She half asked, half pleaded. Brick answered by pulling out
the biggest cock she had ever seen. "Please let me go?" she begged to no avail.

     "What happened to your promise to suck every cock Jamie?" Brick teased,
calling her by her first name. Jamie tried to ram her knee into his groined
again but he was prepared this time. He block her attack and forced her arms
around her back.

     A board was slipped behind her back and her wrists tied to it. This had the
effect of thrusting the principle's vast knockers out.

     "See, now look what you've done, you've forced me to go and punish you"
Brick said viciously. At that three young men jumped on stage and moved toward
the frightened principle.

     "What are they going to do to me?" she questioned in alarm.

     "You'll see, you'll see" was all the response he would offer. One pressed a
wax strip against her pubic hair while another pulled out a piercing equipment
out.

     The third put a silk choker around her throat. Jamie screamed as her
nipples were pierced and her pussy waxed bald.

     The nipple rings were weird in that both were linked to a thin golden
chain. Each end of the chain was connected to one of her nipple rings.

     Brick grabbed the middle of the chain and pulled hard, making her nipples
stretch. He stopped pulling and her nipples bounced back. The board was removed,
to her relief. "Get on your hands and knees bitch" Brick ordered, tugging on the
chain. She got on hands and knees and crawled to Brick. Brick waved his huge
dick at Jamie.

     "Beg for it whore" Brick demanded. The principle knew she had no choice but
to comply. "Please let me suck your dick, I've been such a cocktease that I
deserve to be raped in every hole master."

     Jamie just hope it would be enough to appease Brick, and he wouldn't spank
her again. Or worse. Brick nodded, so the Principle took his cock her hands. It
was so big she could barely wrap her hands around it.

     She licked shyly at first but soon upgraded to long full licks so that her
every taste bud could enjoy his huge tool.

     Jamie wished that the taste of a hard cock didn't make her so wet,
especially when being raped. Brick could see on her face how much see loved the
taste of his cock. Brick grabbed the back of her head without warning and
plunged his mammoth shlong down her throat.

      She gagged at first, but through strength of will managed to suppress her
gag reflex after awhile. The humiliation, degradation, and having her mouth
raped by one of her students proved to be such an arousing experience that she
came without even touching her waxed pussy.

     Cunt cream squirted out of twat in a stream, puddling on the stage floor.
"Holy shit!" Brick swore see this wonder. Jamie moved slightly so that both the
audience and the camera would have a better view of her tits and of her mouth
being violated.

     While Jamie's ego and superego wanted vengeance against her rapist
students, her id loved having her beautiful body exposed to them. Her id loved
that almost all of her male students were getting hard staring at her gargantuan
jugs. And most all her id loved that she was going to raped, humiliated, and
treated like plaything for there cocks.

     The rest of her mind thou felt it was the worst thing that had ever
happened to her. Brick roared as he ejaculated in a torrent down his princpile's
mouth.

     It filled her mouth but she didn't shallow right away. First she gargled
it, his sperm swishing from cheek to cheek over her taste buds. It tasted like
ambrosia to the principle.

     She then stuck out her jizz covered tongue before shallowing. Jamie stuck
her tongue out again to show that she had shallowed every last drop of his
dripping man juice.

     "Get on all fours bitch and lick your cum off of the floor" Brick
commanded. "Yes master" Jamie said submissively.

     She was already on her knees so she got on her hands to and moved around so
she could lap up her womanly cum. Having made certain that she was in a good
position to be seen by the crowd and the camera, Jamie started lapping up her
own cum.

     Brick grabbed Jamie's hip and buried his prick deep into her tight quim.
Brick than shoved a huge life like dildo up her ass. The dildo even had a pair
of testicles on it. A tall black student named Mickey got up on stage and used
some thin rubber tubing to try her knockers together.

     He squeezed her mammoth mammaries with his large hand, declaring "These
have got to be the nicest pair tits I've ever squeezed."

     "please fuck my enormous titties master" she replied. He than slipped a
cock even bigger than Brick's between her pillowy spheres.

     "Master, you might want to move a little to the right so that the camera
and the crowd and see your hard cock pumping between my beautiful breasts" the
principle suggested in her growing exhibitionism.

     He moved as she had suggested giving everyone a perfect view of the action.
Brick teased Jamie's clit as he brutally raped her tight cunt.

     "Oh master your cock is so huge it feels like its going to rip me in half!
Rape me hard like the cock sucking bitch that I am!" the defrocked princple
screamed. "Please cover my beautiful jugs with your sperm master, I'd love it if
you'd cum on me" Jamie begged.

     Mickey's sperm shot out of his cock in a geyser. There seemed to be no end
to sperm as it coated the principle's tits. Everyone watched Mickey giving the
hot slut's mountainous milk melon a sperm bath, while Brick fucked her tight
cunt against her will, which made Jamie have a screaming series of orgasms so
loud and slutty that Brick could have sworn that the King of Jordan must have
heard it from here.

     Jamie licked Mickey's dick clean, after which Mickey forced his hairy sack
into her warm mouth. Jamie savoured the taste of his dark nuts.

     Brick than filled Jamie's cunt with his seed. Mickey pulled his testicles
out her mouth and started stroking his cock for the money shot. "Mickey you've
always been a good student, now it is time to give your principle a facial, blow
your hot sperm on my beautiful face, just  like you've always wanted too" Jamie
teased, licking her lips at the though of wearing her students cum.

     Thick ropy wads of cum sprayed from his cock to cover her face. After that
each student came up on stage and raped her every orifice. Her hair, her tits,
her feet, and even her nostrils were violated too. Jamie had cum more times than
she had thought humanly possible. After over 200 hundred male students, and more
than a few male school teachers, and some of the town's citizens she was forced
to lick herself clean of cum.

     Jamie blew the science club, got fucked in the ass by the Drama club,
swallowed the jizz of the Math team, had her cunt pounded by the big cock meat
of the football team, even had her tits fucked by the hall monitors, their sperm
giving the cock veneration bitch a creamy sash of her own across her substantial
breasts. The male teachers were worse, fucking her and whipping her with bamboo
rods.

     Brick returned to the stage with a bucket and a bowl. He placed them both
on the floor. "Get on your hands and knees cunt, with your tits hanging over the
bucket" Brick demanded as some one of his fellow students handed him a stool
from the shop classroom. Brick sat on the stool beside his naked and humiliated
principle.

     Brick reached out and started milking the beautiful woman. "I'm going to
sell most of your milk on the net" Brick said to Jamie crudely. Jamie found that
being milked in front of everyone was so hot that she couldn't keep her hand
away from her pussy. The gorgeous principle fucked her self with one had while
the other one was still planted on the floor.

     "Milk my tits please" Jamie begged as she started shrieking out an orgasm.

     Finally Brick pushed the bucket way and told Jamie to squat over the bowl.
She was then ordered to pee. Jamie found it hard to urinate in front of everyone
at first but finally a yellow stream erupted from her pussy. Jamie had no
problem fill up the bowl with her pee.

     As Jamie was peeing, Brick and 10 other guy surrounded her. Seeing they
were about to pee on her Jamie challenged them. "Go ahead and piss on me, here
is your chance to have your revenge on me for all those detentions, you've
already gang raped me, so finish me off by making me drink your hot, foul
tasting piss!"

     Soon the principle was being hit on all sides by streams of piss. When the
first group had finished peeing on her the second pissed on her and so on until
everyone who had raped her had pissed on her too.

     They even made her drink their urine, like it was the nectar of the Gods.

     Finally she was taken to the showers where they watched her shower clean,
the cameras getting it all from every angle.

     When she was clean Brick handed her a water proof vibrator and told her to
masturbate. Jamie teased her nipples first with her new toy and from there
slowly moved the vibrator down till it was buried in her tight cunt. The
vibrator had a little part above the main part in order to stimulate her clit
while she fucked herself.

     "Oh, Brick please call me a cheap slut, a big titted whore, a fucking cum
slut" Jamie begged as her mind was fogged over with orgasms. When she was done
she sucked the vibrator clean, even deepthroating it skilfully.

     "If you tell anyone about this I'll send a copy of the tape to everyone you
know, including your family so you better keep quiet unless of course you want
your grandfather see you masturbating?" Brick threatened. The poor principle
realized they had her over a barrel, even if the thought of her Grandfather
watching the tape made her clit throb, and agreed to their terms.




                      Friday (Prom Night)

                              

     It was finally here. The night that every girl dreams about. But not this
prom. This Prom wasn't the kind girls dreamed of. For if things worked out as
Fred planned this prom would became their worst nightmare.

     This was the Prom dreamt of in every horny young man's deepest, darkest,
part of their heart.

     For now those things were pretty much like every other prom in America.
Lots of dancing and young women in beautiful dresses with there hair done. And
the king and queen of the prom was soon to be announced.

     "The Queen of the prom is Alexis Young and Fred Smith" Mrs. Pearls
announced. She was shocked that Fred had been chosen as Prom king.

     Jamie remembered that Fred had been holding the camera during her gang rape
excepted when he was fucking her in the ass, cunt, face and between her breasts.
Mrs. Pearls pussy became wet at the memory.

     Alexis came up stage with Fred. Alexis had been the most popular girl in
school. She had it all. Money, breeding, the best looks surgery could buy, head
cheerleader, blond, honour roll student, and student council president.

     Best of all Alexis had the one of the finest set of tits in the whole
school. Fred was pleased that everything was going according to plan.

     Fred had made certain that he had been the head of the prom organizing
committee so he could set up everything. Alexis went up to the microphone and
started thanking everyone.

     Four, three, two, one, now.

     The doors bursted open as a group of horney older men entered. One barred
the door so no one could leave. Fred grabbed Alexis's tits from behind and
squeezed them crudely.

     "What the hell!" Alexis shrieked. She turned around and slapped Fred in the
face. Fred counter attacked by grabbing the neckline and pulling down so hard
that the front of her elegent black dress was completely torn off.

     Fred tore the rest of the dress off the shocked girl. Alexis tried to slap
Fred again but he blocked it and than he unhooked the front clasp on her bra. A
pair of large tits popped out. The 40ff cup melons heaved with Alexis's every
terrorified breath.

     Alexis turned to ran but ran into a older man who turned out to be her
senile Grandfather. "Help Grandfather" Alexis begged fearfully. Alexis's
Grandfather helped Alexis alright...helped himself to Alexis that is.

     The dirty old bastard grabbed two handfuls of Alexis's firm breasts. Alexis
gasped in disgust and arousal at the sexual touch of her senile grandfather.

     Just as old man Young was fondling his grand daughter, Fred was pulling
down her panties. "Holy shit she really is a blond!" Fred announced upon
catching sight of Alexis's neatly trimmed blond pubic hair.

     Alexis looked for a way to escape but saw it was futile. All over the gym,
hot, busty students where in various states of being sexually assaulted and
raped, in many cases by multiple men and even by other women.

     Fred and Mr. Young bent Alexis over and shoved her Prom Queen sceptre up
her tight ass. Alexis screamed in pain but her wet pussy told the rest of the
story. "Unless you want me to ram my first up your cunt bitch than say I'm a big
cocktease and that I'd love to suck your cock Fred because I'm a slut" Fred
ordered Alexis.

     "I'm a big cocktease and I'd love to suck your heavenly cock Fred, because
I'm a total slut" Alexis said, her arousal added extra enthusiasm to her words.

     Fred shoved his dick into her eager mouth. Alexis had always wanted to see
what a dick tasted like and it was better than she had ever dreamed, but this
was never how she wanted her first taste to be like, or who she wanted her first
taste to be.

     Fred raped the pretty prom queens face enthusiastically. But poor Alexis
was about to get it from the other end as well. Mr. Young rubbed the head of his
cock against his granddaughter's pussy lips.

     Alexis realized that she was about to be raped by her own insane
grandfather. Alexis moaned involuntarily, her dripping wet cunt enjoying the
thought of being fill with her grandfather's sperm.

     Alexis started gently playing with Fred's balls when her virginity was
brutally torn away by her own grandfather. Her grandfather also moved the
Sceptre in and out of his granddaughter's beautiful ass.

     Orgasms raced through Alexis body like the Indy 500. The more Alexis
creamed on his cock, the harder her Grandfather fucked the spoiled bitch. Alexis
pushed back against his cock with every thrust, her cunt feeling uncomfortably
empty when stud his beef wasn't filling her up.

     This was followed by her Grandfather filling her tight quim with sticky
sperm. Alexis was surprised that a man of her Grandfather's age could have such
are huge and hard cock, not to mention being able to fill his beautiful
granddaughter cunt with so much man chowder, it was dripping down her thighs.

     Alexis asked, with tears in the corner of her eyes, "Why did you rape me
Grandpa, I thought you loved me?". Her Grandfather replied by pissing on her
pretty ass. Alexis mouth was soon filled again, this time by Fred's big tool.
Fred fucked the Prom Queen's face hard, the need to pay back the bitch for past
insults adding ferocity to his vulgar attack on her mouth.

     It wasn't long before she was shallowing jizz for the first time. Alexis
gulped thirstily, revelling in her own rape and humiliation.

     Alexis was in for another first as Fred started pissing in her mouth.
Alexis tried to swallow as much as she could but some poured down her chin and
onto her huge perfect tits. When her Grandpa and Fred were finished with her she
was passed around all night as a public plaything. Alexis spread her legs, so
some guy who was in her biology class, could eat her out, before slamming her
full of dick meat. Alexis took cock on after cock, everyone getting a turn on
the blond bitch ride.

     That was when the horses and bulls were brought out.

    

     Amber was getting a glass of punch when the older men came through the
door. Amber watched as young women all around her were attacked and raped by the
invaders and by the male students.

     One of the older men came towards her and she backed away until he had her
in the corner. She realized it was her own father. Two more men joined him. One
was her gym coach, and the other man was her boss Luke, from the big and tall
mens clothing store she worked at on the weekends.

     "Dad what are you doing here and the hell is going on?" Amber asked
confused and scared by the situation.

     "I saw the video of you and realized what a fucking slut my daughter is" he
answered. "Not to mention what a hot piece of ass" he added as he stared at her
cleavage. Amber was in a black dress that show a shocking amount of cleavage and
slits on the sides from the bottom to her ass.

     "From your 16 birthday on I'd watch you shower, when you weren't looking"
he admitted, stepping closer. Amber realised that she was about to be raped by
her own father.

     Since Fred and the janitor had first raped her, Amber had been secretly
hoping in her deepest heart that she'd be raped again, though she conscious
denied it.

     Still despite her arousal she had to resist. This whole situation was just
plain wrong. Still her father was in her way as were the other two men, whom she
had also trusted, but who were here to see that was well and truly fucked.

     She tried to get around but her father blocked her. "I can't believe this I
trusted you" Amber complained. "I sorry but your to fucking hot to resists,
besides you I bought you those tits for your 16 birthday so I deserve to enjoy
them" Her depraved father replied.

     Amber had a plan. She smiled seductively at her father and replied "Well
you do have a point there, you did pay for them didn't you, and I can't think of
a better time to pay you back". Her father just grunted his agreement as he
stared at his daughter's massive chest. Amber grabbed the straps of her and
slowly pulled them down allowing her massive hooters to bounce out.

     "No bra? What a slut" Amber's father muttered, entranced by his daughter
38ff jugs. Amber's father and her couch fell upon her melon's like a pack of
ravenous wolves, sucking her mammeries greedily.

     Amber's boss meantime dropped to his knees and buried his face in the 18
year olds ass, giving Amber a world class rim job. Amber almost lost herself to
her lust.

     Remembering her plan Amber kneed the two men sucking her tits in the nuts
and rammed her heel into the boss sack. Amber fled for the exist, her tits
bouncing like she was on baywatch. I'm going to make, I'm going make it! she
thought excitedly as she got half way to the door.

     "I'm going to make...ahhh" Amber screamed as she slipped on a green jolly
rancher, and started falling face forward.

     The air was driven out of her lungs as the edge of the food table connected
with her tight stomach. Amber tits each fell into a large bowl, each one
containing nacho cheese.

     This coupled with the sheer size of her melons, which acted like air bags,
saved Amber from getting a broken nose.

      As Amber caught her breath she was joined by the three men she had tried
to escape from. "You'll pay for that missy" Her father growled. He pulled his
belt off and tied his beautiful daughter's arms behind her back.

     Her father and her boss started spanking Amber's beautiful ass cheeks,
while her coach held her down. Amber didn't know what was humiliating , that she
was being spanked in public or that her tits were still buried in the bowls of
nacho cheese.

     Amber decided that her obvious growing enjoyment of being sexually degraded
and humiliated was the most humiliating of all.

     "Say I'm sorry for not acting like the cheap cunt that I am" Mr. Smith
ordered his powerless daughter. "No!" Amber shouted with what little defiance
she had left. "Are you going to make me give you the belt?". Defeated she gave
in. "I'm sorry for not acting like the cheap cunt that I am!" Amber shouted.

     "Why are you doing this to me now, when you didn't even spank me as a
child?" Amber asked looking back at her father. "I believe spankings should be
reserved for cock hungry sluts such as yourself" he replied lustfully.

     "And you are a cock hungry slut aren't you Amber?" he asked, enjoying the
look of lust on he's daughter's face. Knowing that her father would use his belt
instead of his palms to spank her if she answered wrong, Amber decided on saying
what he wanted hear, something she realized from her growing arousal was
probably true. "No girl in school is as cock hungry as I am, I'm a human fuck
toy, and nothing feels as good as being gang raped" Amber shamefully admitted.

     Amber was pulled out of the bowls of cheese. The hot cheese was starting to
hurt so Amber begged "Please lick the cheese off my tits". Her father and her
coach need no more encouragement, dividing in.

     Her boss how ever went back to raping her asshole with his tongue. When her
tits were clean Amber was forced onto her knees and breasts.

     Her boss violently plunged his dick into Amber's tight anal cavern making
her scream. Her father meanwhile pulled her head up by her short brown hair and
rammed his cock down her throat. Amber gagged at first, but adapted easily.

     Her coach was last to get involved. He shoved his huge rod between her
perfect tits. The stimuli started Amber off on a tidal wave of multiple orgasms.

     Her father was the first to blow his load, filling his lovely daughter's
mouth with his tasty cream. Amber instead of swallowing gargled his cum,
savouring the taste of her own father's cum.

     Her boss pulled out and covered her ass and back with his white sauce. Her
than used his belt to whip her bum.

     Her coach's spunk exploded from his cock, only to land on Amber face, neck
and tits. Amber didn't think that it was humanly possible for anyone to produce
this much sperm. Still it just kept spurting and spurting.

     When he finished he used his belt to started whipping Amber's left breast.
Her father, still holding her head up by her hair with one hand, started using
his belt to whip her other breast. Poor Amber realized that this was only the
beginning and pissed her self in terror. Their was a huge line up behind her and
she knew she'd have fuck and such each one before it was over. It was enough to
make her clit throb, with a life of its own.

     Ashley Down was in the upstairs ladies room when the Prom was invaded by
perverts. When she went to return to the prom she found the door locked.

   

     "What the fuck? I didn't piss that long" she muttered to herself.

     Ashley banged on the door demanding to be let in, but to no avail. Just the
then she heard a couple of voices from down the hall coming closer. "Damn it
were to late, the doors will be locked now!" Ashley heard, just before the
strangers came around the corner.

     They were pleasantly surprised to find an 18 year pretty red head. Like all
the hot girls in the school Ashley had huge tits bought for her by her rich
parents. Zak, the head wino, realized that they must be a 50FF cup at least.

     "Well boys looks like we'll just have to make our own party out here than!"
Zak gleefully explained to the other five homeless men.

     "Hello sir, do you...hey get your hands off my breasts!" Ashley demanded as
Zak's hands grabbed onto her meaty melons like vise grips.

     Still poor Ashley felt a certain sexual thrill as she was sexually
assaulted in public view. Ashley was still a virgin despite her breast
enlargement, so she was unprepared when her panties started getting wet.

     Ashley tried to push the wino away but he pushed her back and onto her ass.
"Bitch we can rape you the hard way or we can rape nice way, you decide" Zak
explained.

     "No please get away!" Ashley demanded, teary eyed. "Lets give her a taste
of the hard way than, flip the cunt over" Zak told the his fellow homeless.

     Ashley was on her tits and knees before she knew it. Zak than pushed her
dress up and pulled her panties down to her ankles. "Holy shit even her ass had
freckles, still its such nice ass" Zak said to her comrades in debauchery.

     Ashley cried out as Zak brought his hand down on her ass. Zak ignore her
pleading as he continued to spank the 18 year old rich bitch. "Alright, rape me
the nice way, rape me the nice way!" Ashley begged, finally breaking down.

     Ashley decided that the only think worst than the pain, was that some part
of her loved it. The humiliation, the degradation, the sexual abuse seemed to
make poor Ashley wetter and wetter.

     "Beg to me to rape your ass slut, make me believe you're the worlds most
cock worshipping whore!" Zak commanded cruelly.

     "Please rape my ass master, I'm...I'm just a fucking whore you crave dick
in the ass, face, cunt and between my massive tits!" Ashley begged.

     Even Ashley was surprised at her genuine sincerity. Some part of her really
did want to be raped, Ashley thought, disgusted with that part.

     Ashley had a dick in her every hole, riding and sucking on the homeless men
like a whore gone mad . It hurt like hell, but also felt like a taste of heaven.

     This was especially true when she started cumming. The wino in her cunt had
just pulled out after having filled her pussy with his cock cream, when Ashley
female ejaculated all over his prick and beer belly.

     This drove the homeless man in her mouth to cum in buckets, which she was
barely able to shallow. Sperm dripped down her chin, and onto her heaving tits.

     The guy she had been blowing pulled her dress down until her giant milk
melons popped out. He sucked on both, getting a pleasant surprise when Ashley
started lactating.

     "Milk me like a sexy cow" Ashley begged before the next wino filled mouth
with cock. Ashley was fucked in every hole and even between her tits several
times by each wino, learning to love homeless' men' beef.  Then the bulls and
horses arrived. And that's when the raping really began.

    

     Officer Callahan was hired by the school too make sure it was a drug free
Prom. While she was usually working at the local police academy she needed the
money so she agreed to do it.

     Callahan was eyeing a young woman who seemed to be getting ready to spike
the punch when a group of older men burst into the gym. She grabbed at her gun
but someone broke a vase over her head knocking her out.

     When she awoke she was naked except for her undershirt. Her arms were tried
behind her back and she was surrounded by students from the science club.

     "For our first experiment we will not only prove that water makes a shirt
transparent but that this bitch has a great set of tits" the leader of the nerds
announced.

     He than pour a jug of water on her top and head, revealing that she indeed
did have great tits. The blond cop finally regained enough of her mind to shout
at the guys surrounding her.

     "You are all under arrest, surrender now and no one will be hurt". Another
nerd laughed replying, "You know you want it bitch so just admit it".

     "Let me go!" she shouted in forcefully, refusing to surrender. One of the
nerds pulled the arm holes of her shirt together so that her tits sprang free.
He than attached what looked like jumper cables to her nipples and clit.

     Callahan screamed as she received a small shock. It increased as the
seconds went by. "Like I said, admit you want it bitch" a nerd demanded. When it
hurt too much, she screamed "Yes, yes I want it, I want you fuck my throat, rape
my ass, fist my pussy, cover my massive tits with cum just please stop this!"

     Callahan sighed in relief as they removed the jumper cables. "Your going to
get on your knees and cup your tits while begging us to degrade you bitch" the
nerd leader said releasing her.

     Knowing she had no choice, and to her disgust finding the idea arousing,
she did so. "Please masters degrade me, need to be humiliated" she begged while
cupped her massive jugs. Four nerd started jerking off in front of the
prostrated cop.

     "Cum on me masters, a fucking whore like me deserves a massive facial, or
better yet cover my mammoth melons with your dripping man juice" she begged.
Nerd after Nerd blow his load on her. Callahan realized that women all over the
gym. The Nerds high on viagra, fucked her in the ass next, an anal train of the
filthiest magnitude. It was the football team next, and it wasn't till everyone
had their fill that the next phase started

     It got worse. Three bulls and three horses were brought in. Six pretty
young women, Samantha Huggins, Lucy Georgetown, Rebecca Chow, Jill turncoat,
Sandy Steward, and Janet Furlong, were forced to there knees and forced under
duress of violence to give the animals head.

     To the shock of those forced to watch, the girls started enjoying it, as
they suck with on the horse and bull meat with greed.

     She watched as these poor girls were forced to swallow the beasts sperm,
the messy creamy  fluid covering their faces. They were than held in place so
that the animals could mount them. Callahan could have sworn she heard several
cherries pop.

     More horses and bulls were brought in and she watched as every young woman
in the gym, including female teachers and the principle and vice-principle, was
raped by the animals and there owners.

     Amber Smith screamed loudly as a horse fucked her in the bum, the little
slut begging for more horse meat.

     Alexis Young purred as a horse pissed in her face, while she jerked off a
bull, which sprayed her in the face with gooey sperm.

     Entire Cheerleading squad was lined up, each one made to suck horse cock,
during which a bull's cock pounded into their tight young cunts, till their cunt
chasms were fed cock cream.

     The school President, Rachael Goldstein,  had it the worse. The stunning
busty brunette with golden highlights, had two forcing their way down her
throat, while Amber Smith and Harmony were made to take turns licking her ass
out, before they turned on each other.

     Amber's Smith huge tits glided against Harmony's, while their eager fingers
found the G-spot belonging to the other girl. Fucking each other to orgasm, they
were forced to take on other animals and other women, inter spaced with guys.

     One man brought his bull over to her and Callahan realized that she'd have
to suck it's dick. If she had to chose between having her nipples electrocuted
or giving a bull a blowjob, well that bull was going to receive the blow job of
a life time.

     "Service this bull good or you'll have a large cattle prod up your ass" the
trainer order. Powerless, Callahan decided it would be easiest to start off
giving the bull a tit wank. She slide under it and wrapped her melons around
it's huge cock

     The big animal started fucking her chest so hard it was all she could just
to hold on. The bull spurted it's load on her heaving bosom. She than got out
from under the beast and licked the human and bull cum off them as she was
ordered.

     She than got on all fours to crawl under the bull. She slipped its cock in
her mouth, it size stretching her mouth wide.

     She angled herself so that it would slip down her throat almost to her
stomach. If she hadn't been so well gagged she would have screamed when a cattle
prod was shove up her ass.

     That lying sack of shit she thought in her pain/pleasure. Callahan came
just as the bull did, filling her up with its dripping bull juice.

     Callahan slowly pulled out its cock as the prod was pulled from her ass.
Officer Callahan than turned around so that the bull could mount her from
behind. The beast raped her tight cunt more brutally than she had thought
possible. And to her horror her cunt loved it. Callahan had the large series of
orgasms in her life, just before she was filled with the bull's hot cock cream.

     Last, but not least, it was her asshole's turn, but this time it was a
horse who violated her brutally. Receiving the ass pounding, Callahan gained a
new respect for horses, as an assgasm left her feeling like a bowl of chocolate
jello.

     Sperm squirted from her ass as it was over filled. The horse removed itself
from her bum, before moving onto its next victim, a lovely Sudanese exchange
student.

     Callahan flopped onto the floor exhausted, only to look back to see Rachael
Goldstein licking the cum and shit from her ass thirstily.

                           Epilogue

     Fred was rich.

     He had so much money from selling the tapes of the prom night that not only
did he retire, but he also bought Amber Smith, Harmony, Melanie, her lover Lisa,
Rachael Goldstein, Alexis, and every other hot slut in his class as sex slaves
from their disgusted parents, pimping them out and forcing them to star in the
most foul of pornos in order to pay for their university educations.

     Mrs. Pearl is still the school whore and fucktoy, who works for Fred,
helping him get his hands on the hottest pussy at school to add to his harem of
sex slaves and whores.

     Ashley Down started the international charity PFTH, or Pussy For The
Homeless.

     Callahan went on to get gang raped in dozens of different failed sting
operations and loved every moment of it!.

     Fred and his perverted friends lived happily ever after. At least until
they ran out of cash, but that's another story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





