BDSM Library - Holy Sex Slavers




Holy Sex Slavers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Loric is an a novice priest of Moslar, God/dess of Rape and pervesion, trying gain full priesthood by raping and enslaving others.
                        Holy Sex Slavers


     Loric could sense that she was nearby. She would be his first capture, his
key to advancement and fame. Loric was a fledgling Priest of the Dark
God/Goddess Moslar, but he was extremely ambitious.

     Moslar was the God/Goddess of Rape, sex slavery, incest, and all manor of
other perversions. Loric would not be a full priest of Moslar until he had rape
his first victim and sold her into slavery.

     He chose to hunt in this inhospitable forest because of it's challenges and
the legends of the beautiful Amazons inhabiting it. If he captured one his
advancement and success would be almost certain.

     Loric turned to his two half-Orc mercenaries and ordered them to get
prepared for they were close, Loric could sense it in his bones.

     After patiently stalking his victim for hours they were finally close
enough for Loric to see her in the distance. He slipped behind a tree and his
mercenaries did the same. Quietly they stalked up to her until he could see her
clearly.

     She was a beautiful blond women with short hair. Her 38EE cup breasts
strained hard against her top. Her tight midriff was bare and her beautiful legs
were wrapped in a short slitted skirt. Thanks to the chilly early morning air,
the form of her rock hard nipples could be seen.

     He was going to make a fortune off her in the stables.

     The pretty Amazonian had placed her spear near enough to her that she could
grab it in an instant and Loric could tell by her graceful movements that she
knew how to use it. She seemed to be looking off into the distance at something,
something beyond his vision.

     He would have to get close enough to the 18 year old woman to touch her, in
order to cast his spell of Moslar, but that would be in spearing distance so
Loric came up with a plan to neutralize the threat.

     Loric cast a simple spell on her spear so that every time she tried to
reach for it her hand would miss the deadly weapon.

     So engrossed with what she was looking at and so great was his skill at
stealth that she didn't realize he was behind her until it was too late.

     Loric violently grabbed Kora by her huge melons and cast his spell. A black
choker materialized around the sexy Amazonian's throat.

     Kora flipped him over her shoulder but it was already to late. Kora grabbed
for her spear but her hand missed it. She tried it several more times but each
time her hand just missed it. Loric got up onto his feet laughing as he watched
try and try again for her spear.

     "What have you done you filthy pervert?" she growled at him as she got into
a posture for hand to hand combat. "Pot" was all Loric said in response.

     Her choker flared red for a second and Kora was on the ground, screaming in
pain. Her every nerve screamed in pain.

     "Please stop it I'll do anything you want, I swear it!" Kora screamed.
"Top" Loric said reversing his orders to the collar, freeing her from the pain.
Loric looked at Kora in evil triumph. "Thanks to that collar around throat I can
bring you to the height of pain with a word ". Kora had felt the pain of the
collar's evil magic so she knew he wasn't lying.

     "Please just let me go, if you don't my sister warriors will kill you" she
threatened, still frighted by his evil magic.

      "You are my sex slave, my property and you exist to be my fuck toy" he
said as grabbed one of the swords at his side. With a skilful slice he cut her
top open with out even scratching her.

     Kora's huge tits popped out as a result and they were even more amazing
then he had imagined. He reached out with his hands and squeezed and fondled her
melons crudely.

     Kora tried to pull away but his grip on her sizable jugs was to strong.
"Please let me go" she begged but her pleading just aroused him more.

      "What is your name slut?" he asked as squeezed her melons harder. "Kora"
she fearfully replied.

     "Well Kora unless you like the pain I gave you earlier you'll get on your
knees and tell me why you're worthy to be my sex slave" Loric demanded of the
poor woman. Kora, seeing that she had no choice got on her hands and knees and
beg, did so.

     "Please master, I'm worthy of being your property because of my big tits
and beauty and my...my thirst for your hard cock, I exist so that I may fuck and
suck you at your pleasure master".

     To her self disgust she was incredible wet and had an uncontrollable urge
to continue. She figured it was the power of her choker.

     "I'm also still a virgin, and love to have my cherry popped by your hard
cock as you rape my tight cunt". Kora couldn't believe she was saying these
things. It was the power of the collar that gave her the unstoppable desire to
say these things. And the yearning to do them.

     Loric put his first sword away and pulled out his second sword. It was very
different from the first. Were its blade should have been there was instead a
huge prick with testicles . Kora was shocked and terrorified at the sight, she
dropped to her knees before its fearsome might.

     "This is the physical manifestation of Moslar, all his priest receive a
sword like this" Loric said as he lovingly gazed at the cock-sword. "Usually a
priest in my order would finish off fucking a slave with it, but as you're a
virgin I'll start off with it, for in giving your virginity to Moslar I'm
certain he'll grant me a great boon".

     Kora was compelled by the collar to beg for it. "Please master, shove it
all the way up my pussy, hurt me with please master, degrade me with it, rape me
with it!". What am I saying? Kora asked herself in horror.

     Loric went behind the young beauty and ripped her skirt off. Her naked cunt
was bald. So the Amazons shave their cunts, nice! Loric discovered, pleased with
his first slave.

     Loric rubbed the head of his cock/sword against Kora's pussy lips and slut
button, teasing her cunt mercilessly. Loric pushed her onto her hands and knees
so that his God could give it to her doggy style. "Please master fuck treat me
like the slutty cock hungry whore that I am" Kora pleaded with her new master.

     With out further ado Loric grabbed one of Kora's perfect tits with one hand
and with the other hand violently rammed the cock/sword up Kora's slit as hard
as he could.

     Kora screamed in a mixture of ecstacy/pain. "Violate me with your God's
cock, use me as your fuck toy" Kora scream with need thick in her voice.

     Moslar's balls slapped up against Kora's ass cheeks noisily as the young
bitch cunt pounding of a lifetime. Deeper and deeper the sword went until there
was no more room within the gorgeous warrior to go.

     "Oh fuck, oh Shettora, oh Shettora, oh Shettora!" Kora screamed out,
calling upon the Amazonian Goddess' name as she quickly approached an awesome
climax.

     Moslar's cock hit every nerve in Kora's battered cunt, yet thanks to the
magic of the collar, the sensation doubled in intensity, so that by the time
Kora was almost ready to cum, she was nearly mentally deranged from the
sensations coursing through her athletic body.


     Moslar's testicles tensed up and Kora screamed out "I'm nothing, but a fuck
slut!" as they prepared to cum.

     Kora and Moslar came at the same time, an orgasmic wave the seemed to rip
through them to Kora's very soul.

     Moslar filled her tight cunt with his divine sperm, its Godly man chowder
blessing her with its unholiness. Loric pulled out the cock/sword while it was
still spraying out cum, hosing the Amazonian bitch with cum. It covered her ass
and back before she turned around. Kora watched as her massive mammeries were
covered with jizz before she took Moslar into her mouth so she could drink his
sperm. Kora's cheek bloated, but she shallowed every last drop.

     Kora finally pulled the cock/sword out of her mouth, have drained Moslar's
balls dry. Than something happened that surprise even Loric. Kora's skin
absorbed the sperm on it.

     Loric put the cock/sword away and pull his own dick out. Loric grabbed
Kora's hooters and wrapped them around his prick. "Yes master, thank you for
raping my melons, they exist for you to fuck and spurt on."

     "Come over and enjoy this slut" Loric ordered his men, who grunted with
delight at opportunity to teach Kora her place was as a fuck slave. One of the
half orcs pulled back Kora's head so that he could shove his cock down her tight
throat. The other orc got under Kora so that he could rape Kora's ass without
any lube. He also pinched her clit as hard as he could.

     The more it hurt the better it felt. Her pleasure and orgasms were
seamlessly tried to her pain and humiliation. Kora loved being a fuck toy and
decided to give in to her new need to be used and sexually exploited, the
collar's magic was too powerful to resist any long, the Amazonian warrior was
broken to its will.

     Kora prayed to Moslar that she would be sexually degraded in every possible
way and that every man she met would rape her every hole and fuck her titties.
Kora no longer cared that the magical choker around her throat made her think
these things for she was too consumed with lust to give a shit.

     Thanks to the rings of virility Loric and his men wore, they never had to
fear running out of stream, they could last for ever and they'd never run out of
sperm to feed the Kora, Amazonian Princess. Loric fucked Kora's tits so hard his
got that the degraded Amazonian, started cumming, started from her huge jugs and
radiating in explosive waves through out her lovely body.

     Kora's ass convulsed as she came, her rectum milking the half-Orc's cock.
Its hot sperm filled her anal sheath up to near overflowing as he brutalized her
asshole.

     Kora's cheeks hallowed and her eyes rolled up as she had her second taste
of cock. The collar fed the cock sucking skills into Kora's virgin mouth, but it
obvious to the half-Orc that the girl had an amazing amount of natural talent as
well. In no time she was being fed her first, but far from last, feast of Orc
sperm, with its smoky flavour.

     They pulled out of Kora, but she wasn't going to be allowed to rest for
long. They forced the sexy slave into a hand stand so that Loric could shove his
sweaty dick her mouth, while he buried her face in her bald cunt.

     To add to Kora's degradation Loric pulled his sword of Moslar out and
cruelly forcing it into Kora's ass, using special techniques known only to the
priests of Moslar to make it was painful as possible without injuring her. A
half-Orc each took one of Kora's legs and pulled up and down on Loric's cock, so
that Loric could get deeper down her tight throat on the downward thrusts and
Moslar could get buried deeper up Kora's bum on upward thrusts.

     Kora's tits bounced enticingly as she was vertically violated. Kora got
dizzy as she sucked on Loric big dick as hard as she could, while the blood
rushed to her head.

     Loric bite down on Kora's clit, making her cum, as he pulled out of her
mouth and sprayed her in the face with his spunk. Not to be left of the
cock/sword erupted in Kora's ass, this time thou her ass did overflow with
sperm.

     Loric pulled the sword out with a loud plop, before Kora tumbled in a heap
at his feet.

     He made Kora lick Moslar clean of sperm, before laying on the ground and
pulling her on top of him.

     Kora gasped as Loric gigantic prick impaled her as she was pulled down onto
his cock. The half-Orc who had yet to sodomize the Amazonian, got behind Kora
and forced himself instead her, taking pleasure in knowing how painful it was
for her.

     Loric pressed the cock/sword of Moslar between Kora gigantic jugs, but it
was the half- Orc who was screwing up the ass, who pressed the titanic knockers
of the blond Amazonian, around Moslar's cock/sword.

     "Tell me how much of a cock thirsty whore you are bitch!" Loric commanded
the defiled Amazonian Princess. "No one's more of dirty cock worshipping whore
than am master, my sole purpose is suck and fuck as much cock as can, any cock
that I can, cock is my reason to live"

     The other half-Orc placed her hand on his tool. "Jerk me off like good
little cunt." Kora stroked his big prick slowly at first, but harder and faster
as time went by. It was no surprise that as a result Kora ended up on the
receiving end of a creamy facial, the half-Orc more than happy to unleash his
load onto her lovely face.

     The others took longer to please, but eventually it was there turn.

     Loric grunted hard, using all his will power to stop from cumming as the
beautiful Amazonian bounced up and down on his stiff cock. He left no inch of
Kora's velvety pussy sheath unfucked. Loric used his free had to smack her hot
ass, while used Moslar's cock to fuck her tremendous tits.

     Loric and Moslar blew their loads as one, Moslar's cum splashing Kora in
the face, so that the gooey mixture dripped down her chin and onto her tits in a
messy puddle, while Loric gave Kora's cunt a cream filling.

     The last two to cum was Kora and the half-Orc doing her up the ass. Kora
wailed as she came from the furious ass pounding, her throbbing anal muscles
bringing the half-Orc off as well.  

     Smoky Jizz flooded her anal passage, till it dripped down her well toned
thighs. The half- Orc removed his cock from her tight bottom, repeatedly
slapping ass afterwards.

     When every one had separated and gotten to their feet, Loric made Kora lick
everyone clean of sperm and pussy juice.

     Loric than took her over to a large boulder who's top had flattened out.
The boulder was big enough that he could make Kora place her lovely melons atop
it. The two half-Orcs picked up huge log and brought it over. Kora fearfully
wondered what they were planning and her fears were realized when all three men
picked up the log and placed it on top of her tits.

     The log was a little heavy, but that was nothing compared to the
pain/pleasure the went shooting throughout her massive tits as all three men
pressed down on the log as hard as they could. Kora almost went unconscious at
the tremendous pain. Instead she cried out "Oh my Gods!" as she had the single
most powerful orgasm in her life up to date.

     They did this repeatedly, until she did, finally fall unconscious from the
shear agony of it, her cum still leaking out of her cunt as she fell down into a
puddle of her own juices.    

     Finally strength gave way in the rest of them as well, so it was decided
that they would stay the night.




                    Chapter 2 Moslar reward

                               

     Loric and his troops were awakened in the middle of the night by Kora's
screams. Loric pulled out his killing sword and was prepared to attack what ever
made Kora scream, worried that his prize was already lunch for some local beast.

     When he arrived at her tent what he discovered was that Kora had grown a
penis. It looked like his cock/sword except that it was flaccid.

     While Kora was hysterical, thinking that she was turning into a man Loric
explained what was truly going on.

     "Kora you have been bless, for you are now a she-male like Moslar, Moslar
must have truly delighted in your tight cunt, wet mouth and gigantic tits ".

     Kora was still freaking out so Loric explained how to control her new
appendage. "Say Moslar backwards and your cock will melt back into your body,
say Moslar and it will reemerge". Loric added "you can even change your magical
cock's size with your mind, plus your balls with produce as much sperm as you
want, as if you wore a ring of virility".

     The orcs who had just entered the tent watched in amazement as Kora made
the cock merge back into her body. Loric looked at the shocked orcs and said
smugly "look at a miracle you heathens, I doubt The Ravisher has any simular
miracles."

     The half-Orc didn't like having the Orcish God of battle field rapes and
pillaging to be so insulted, but they feared Loric's power, so they held their
tongues.

     "Sorry for awaking you master" Kora apologized. Loric shrugged and replied
"I had to pee anyway". Kora took the hint and dropped on her knees and opened
her mouth.

     Loric pulled out his dick and started peeing on her. First on her tits,
then on her flat stomach, than in her face.

     Kora loved that the orcs were watching her master piss on her. Finally Kora
grabbed his cock and pushed back the foreskin. Kora then aim the stream of urine
at her open mouth. Her master peeing in her mouth was too much and she started
cumming with out even touching herself.

     "Master I love the taste of your piss and the way your hot urine feels on
my skin" Kora admitted. One of the orc asked if they too could piss on Kora
before going to bed. "Sure why not" Loric said indulgently.

     Loric loved nothing better than to watch a sex slave doing perverted and
depraved acts, her humiliation and degradation like a potent drug to him.

     Kora started pissing her in excitement at the thought of being peed on by
two guy at once. Loric's troops pissed on her tits first and than moved onto her
mouth. Kora came again this time even harder.

     When it was all over Loric ordered her to wash up and sleep outside.


     After Kora had washed up and dried off she laid down and decide to
experiment with her new dick after finding that she couldn't sleep, to much was
on her mind. "Moslar" she said.

     Her cock emerged already hard. Kora started beating off, but decided to
fuck her own tits instead. Kora had always loved having big melons, which was of
course thanks to her tribe's shamans who made sure everyone had huge tits, but
now she could enjoy them in a new way.   

     Kora made her cock grow so long that it slipped between her knockers. She
started fucking her tits softly at first but than harder as time went on. "Oh
shit that's nice, fuck my titties bitch" she ordered herself.

     Her female orgasms started from her tits. Kora was thankful her breasts
were so sensitive that she could cum by stimulating them by themselves.

     Kora's cock followed suit, erupting in a geyser of white cream, giving
herself a nice facial. Kora greedily swallowed her own cum than merged her cock
back into her body. Tired she finally fell a sleep.




                     Chapter 3 wereunicorn

                               

     Loric got up in an extremely good mood. Kora would make him a fortune in a
slave stable, there would be no end to the clients eager to use and torture her
.

     They started packing all the gear when they heard the sound of a horse.

     Loric went to where Kora was standing when he first captured her. What he
saw was a unicorn at a pond not far from where he was. "That horn will fetch me
a 1000 mona at least" Loric whispered to his troops.

     Kora had to think fast. She couldn't allow the unicorn to be killed but
that would mean telling them what it really was. She had no choice. "Its not a
unicorn master it is a priestess of the unicorn Goddess Thorn, the large diamond
in her forehead gives her the ability to transform her self into a unicorn" Kora
explained in the hope that he would consider the priestess's tight virginal cunt
and big tits to be more of value than her horn.

     "How do I get her to transform?" Loric asked seeing where Kora was going
with this. "Wait until she bathes" Kora answered, ashamed of herself for dooming
the graceful creature to a slave depraved sex slavery, but failing to see an
alternative.

      Still despite her guilt Kora's pussy was wet just thinking about the
priestess being forced to fuck and suck cock. Maybe even her own.

     Loric watched patiently while the priestess drank her fill. Finally, when
she was full, the priestess transformed back into human form. She wore a simple
thin white robe with a golden rope for a belt. Her melons had to be at least as
big as Kora's. Her hair looked like it was silver spun into hair.

     Loric's cock hardened. It got even harder as the priestess removed her
dress and her tit's bounced free to the chilly air. This made her nipples hard,
so that they looked as if they could cut diamonds. Her cunt too was shaved bald
too.

     It must be a regional custom around here Loric realized. In Ruin, the
city-state that Loric was from, only slaves had their cunts shaved. The bigger
the bush the higher the static for a free woman.

     It was said that the ruling Empress had pubic hair so long, that her slaves
had to braid it. It was one of the reasons Loric never fucked free women in his
homeland and why the men from his city went else where for sex slaves.

     The priestess jumped into the water and started to wash her tits. She
didn't hear it when Loric kept up behind her and grabbed her by her massive
jugs. Loric cast his spell again.

     A collar materialized around her throat to her surprise.

     "Ah!" she screamed in shock and fear as Loric pulled her back to dry land
by her incredible breasts.

     "Please let me go, I've done you no harm!" she shouted when they had
finally reached dry land.

     "Pot" Loric said sending the priestess into extreme pain. "Why isn't
effecting me" Kora asked feeling relief for her self and the deepest pity for
the priestess.

     "It wasn't directed at you" Loric explained simply. "Tops" he said putting
an end to the priestess's pain. Loric could see the beautiful diamond in her
forehead and wished he could separate it from her, but he instinctively knew it
wasn't possible.

     "Please sir, I've done you no harm, please stop hurting me" the priestess
pleaded. Ignoring her words, Loric turned to Kora and said "I think Moslar would
like you to be the one to deflower her this time". "Me... you mean me" Kora
asked, unbelievingly. Loric nodded.

     Kora walked up to the priestess and asked her name. "My friends call me
Pointy" she answered in the hopes that Kora would be her friend and protect her,
for Pointy could see that Kora was an Amazonian, who were legendary for their
honour in that part of the world.

     Kora shouted "Moslar". When she saw the penis emerge from Kora's body
Pointy knew she was fucked. Or going to be.

     "Get on your back bitch and spread your legs as wide as you can" Kora
ordered. Kora didn't need to remove her clothes because she was only wear her
torn open top.

     Pointy was too afraid to disobey. She laid down and grabbed her legs just
under her knees so that she could spread her legs as far as she could. Pointy
knew that Kora was going to rape her tight cunt with her strange magical cock,
and that made Pointy wetter than she had ever been, to her shame.

     "You're our master's sex slave now cunt and luckily enough for you, that
means that you're his property now so you better thank your gods that you get to
be his fuck toy you fucking cunt" Kora growled.

     Kora pressed her cock against Pointy's slit and grabbed Pointy's tits,
cruelly mauling the Priestess' huge 38EE jugs. Kora than rammed it all the way
home, making Pointy wail in a combination of agony and pleasure, as her
virginity was stolen away by this Amazonian slut.

     Pointy shrieked "by the gods, noooo!" as Kora fucked her as hard as she
could. "Treat me like a cunt" Pointy begged Kora, unable to resist the magic of
her choker. Pointy couldn't help her self anymore than Kora could. The chokers
had enslaved them both completely. They where cum hungry sluts for life now.

     Orgasms racked Pointy's body as Kora violated the 18 year old priestess. If
she had know that sex slavery was this good than she would have begged her
relatives to sell her to a whore house after she had became a priestess of
Thorn. She had became such a cock hungry bitch now, thanks to her collar, that
she would have begged her own father to fuck her throat so that she could drink
own father's salty sperm.

     She would beg him rape her asshole till it bled and than beg him to cum on
her huge tits, so she could lick her father cum off her perfect jugs. And the
fact that it was her own father would just turn her on even more and it was what
was going through her deranged mind as Kora abused her tight young body. Pointy
had became that much of a cum slut already.

     Kora pulled her cock out so she could give Pointy a nice facial, her magic
sperm dripping down Pointy's heavenly face, to splatter onto her gravity defying
tits.

     Kora sat her ass down on Pointy's fun bags, a tit to each ass cheek, and
made Pointy stroke her cock.

     Kora loved that Pointy was such a sweet piece of ass, loved breaking the
beautiful bitch to the will of Moslar.

     One of the half-Orcs joined in by grabbing Kora by the hair and forcing his
cock down her tight throat, his smelly balls slapping against her chin with a
loud thwack, with each plunging thrust.

     The other half-Orc shoved his rock hard dick into Pointy's drenched pussy,
while Kora gave Pointy a facial in response to Pointy's skilful handjob,
finishing up by slapping Pointy across the face repeatedly with her magic cock.

     The other half-Orc fill Pointy's chasm with his evil seed, making Pointy
cream in turn on his cock.

     Kora made Pointy lick herself clean, in the most humiliating ways she could
think of, to the amusement of the half-Orcs.

     Loric flipped her onto her stomach and hooters, smacking ass when she was
in position. Loric than aimed his cock at Pointy's tight asshole. When Loric
plunged his dick up her ass it burned like she had never known, making her cry
out in surprise.

     Kora noticed Pointy's substantial cleavage, and slipped her magical cock
between them. Kora didn't even need to press them togther because Pointy's tits
were pressed hard to the ground. Pointy's sensitive jugs started her off
cumming, but Kora took her time, before splashing Pointy's jugs with hot creamy
sperm.

     Loric roared as his dick unleashed a torrent of spunk up to Pointy's bowls,
inciting the priestess to moan. Loric pulled his rod out of Pointy, her asshole
drooling his semen.

     "Kora you fucking slut, lick Pointy's ass clean and you'd better not miss
so much as a drop of my salty jizz." Kora shoved her face into Pointy's ass and
slurped out Loric's sperm, giving Pointy one hell of a rim job in the process.
"Oh fuck!" Pointy screamed, unable to stand the pleasure coming from her ass
with Kora's tongue buried in it.

     When Kora was done she slapped Pointy's ass hard. "Aaaahhh, more spanking"
Pointy requested. Kora started fucking Pointy up the ass, spanking Pointy's
pretty ass fanatically.

     "Do you like it bitch" Kora demanded crudely, pounding away at Pointy's
rectum. "Oooohhh ya I love it, your hard cock feels sooo good" Pointy
groaned."Your just a cheap cunt aren't you whore" Kora asked, smacking pointy's
ass with a resounding crack. "Yes I'm just a cunt!" Pointy moaned, cumming
loudly.

     Wishing to join in on the nastiness, one half-Orc slipped under Pointy and
rammed his big dick right up her tight cunt, making her groan, while the other
orc violently shoved his cock up Kora's asshole, so that she too was getting her
ass brutalized.

     Pointy's massive tits were pressed together by Loric's hands, so he could
shove his dick between the heavenly hooters. Pointy's skilled tit fucking was
rewarded when Loric blasted her with man sauce.

     As the creamy goo dripped from her face, Loric replaced his own cock with
Moslar's cock/sword.

     The both the half-Orcs fucking Kora in the ass and Kora herself, grunted
and groans as semen flooded both Pointy's heavenly asshole, as well as Kora's
flawless rectum.

     The final half-Orc pulled out so he could shot his wad onto Pointy's toned
stomach. His pool nastily, and to Pointy's further humiliation he forced Kora to
lick it all up.

     The grand finale was Moslar's cock/sword erupting like a geyser to give
pointy's lovely jugs a creamy coat of steaming sperm.

     They all untangled from each other, at which point Pointy was placed into a
Y shaped wheel barrow position, with a half-Orc each taking a leg and spreading
them painfully apart.

     Loric aimed Moslar's cock at Pointy's cunt, waiting to bury it inside of
her, while he gave her a command. "Beg for you blessing bitch!." "Please master,
defile me with that holy cock, bless my tight pussy with the painful presence of
your evil God!" Pointy yelled, humiliating herself for the pleasure of that ever
so vile deity, Moslar.

     Loric plowed savagely into Pointy's still incredibly tight cunt, causing
Pointy to gasp at the unimaginable pain. Loric continued to stabbed Pointy's
cunt with Moslar's cock that it brought tears to her eyes, but the evil magic of
the collar made her crave more.

     Loric would stab Moslar's cock as deeply as he could into Pointy's pussy,
only pull almost out of her cunt, so he could ram it just as deep, making
shriek, in pain/lust. Loric brutalized Pointy, until she was graced with Moslar
divine spunk.

     Loric than switched to Pointy's ass and started the whole process over.
Moslar's balls smacked into Pointy with a meaty sound. Pointy was almost insane
by the time Moslar got around feeding asshole his majestic jizz.

     Milk started leaking from Pointy's tits, to the delight of Loric and his
men. "This is a sigh by Moslar, that you to have pleased him with how much of a
whore you are" Loric explained. He added "from this day forward, your tits will
always stare to lactate when cum"

     Loric than had Kora send her magic cock away, after which he had the big
titted beauties, strung up by the magnificent tits for the night.




              Chapter 4 Oread's Heavenly Mountains

                               

     The beautiful Oread chuckled as she climbed up a tree, out of reach of a
small band of Centaurs. There wasn't an axe among them, they hadn't been
prepared to hunt for Oread, so the Oread knew she was safe, for now.

     Oreads usually stayed on their mountains or in their grottos, this one
lived on Mount Zion, but she'd been injured by a dying animal she'd been caring
for and had to collect so herbs from the valley to heal herself.

     She'd chanced across a band of Centaur on her way back who'd tried to catch
her, but failed thanks to her agility, smarts, and climbing ability.

     She just sat on her branch, making faces at the Centaur and cock teasing
them without mercy.

     "Come down sweet nymph that we may sun our selves in your beauty and
wisdom" one of the Centaurs requested, through gritted teeth. The Oread just
laughed. "Please, if I come down there you'll rape me and abuse me, I'm no fool
horse-cock."

     About to give up and look for easier prey, Loric come strolling along.
Seeing the Centaurs problem he when to the head Centaur, the one with the
biggest dick, to suggest a solution.

      "I can get the Oread down the tree for you, if I get to keep as a slave,
in exchange for your help you'll get to rape my two newly captured slave girls,
whom I just captured yesterday and the day before, plus you'll get to rape and
punish the Oread for being a cockteasing bitch, plus in addition I'll hire you
on as assistant sex slavers."

     Loric wanted patiently for the Centaur's decision, certain of the centaurs
choice. The rare and busty Oread was too hot a piece of ass to let escape.

     While the Centaurs discussed the deal among themselves, Loric looked up
into the tree at the beautiful mountain nymph.

     She had smoky gray skin and black hair. Her bangs were in two thin braids
and there was a white streak in her hair. Her 42GG cup tits were barely
constrained by a square piece of cloth whose corners were tied back in the back
so as to hide her enormous assists. She as tall, like his slaves and just as
striking. Her belly was left bare, but a short skirt hide her lower goodies,
including one fine ass.

     She seemed into be in deep concentration, mumbling quietly to herself. It
was than to his terror, that he recognized the spell she was casting.

     "Shit!" Loric screamed, almost pissing himself as he pushed Centaurs aside
in an effort to climb the tree. He had to stop her spell. He was nearly at the
top when it proved to be too late.

     Dark clouds gathered in the sky and a green vortex of energy opened high
above them. A cry like a Raven sounded and an Archangel burst through the vortex
in a dive.

     The Archangel was completely black, from her skin to her feather wings.
Tiny galaxies seemed to dance on her skin and wings and her eyes glowed the
fiery yellow of a new born sun.

     In spite of his impending doom, he noticed for most that her tits were an
exact match of the Oreads. The big melons were incased in a golden suit of
armour that gave her cleavage worth dying for.

     Loric decided that if was going to die horribly anyway he'd make a try for
her. The Archangel of galaxies swooped down to grab the Oread just as Loric
grabbed her by her ankle. Loric knew he'd only have one chance at this because
he only got to cast Moslar's choker once a day.

     He cast it just as the Archangel grabbed the Oread's hand.

     Archangel's powerful might was nothing compared to a God's. Silently Loric
beseeched his God for a boon, to make his magic more powerful and it was
granted.

     Moslar's power raced through first the Oread and than into the Archangel of
galaxies, Gaxia, enslaving them both.

     "Top" Loric screamed about the sound of the wind as he let go of the Oreads
leg. Despite the extreme pain the Archangel soared almost to the vortex, before
the pain forced her into unconsciousness.

     They plummeted to the ground and the only thing the saved the Oread was
getting the Archangel's body underneath her.

     The crack was so loud as they crashed that it made tree shake Loric right
out of it. Loric feel painfully onto his ass, but he was to busy kissing the
groung to give a shit.

     The Archangel was too powerful to take any damage from the fall and her
body protected the Oread, so no one was hurt, unless one included the chokers
around their necks.

     The Archangel recognized the collar at once, staring at it in disbelief.
The Archangel was just a couple of steps below Goddess hood herself, and as such
this shouldn't have had the power to effect her.

     The Archangel realized that Moslar must have been more personally involved.
The Archangel resisted the pain of using her powers just long enough to send a
message to the Goddess she served.

     "From your horrorified glances at your collars I think it's safe to say you
understand what those collars do? Or is their a need to demonstrate its power? I
didn't think so." Loric looked at the Archangel, wondering how the hell he was
going to fuck someone more than twice his size.

     Her build was athletic and she had human proportions, but she stood as tall
as two humans not to mention great big wings that would have done a phoenix
proud. "Move the armour cunt" He demanded, his need to defile her, thick in his
voice.

     The Archangel, fearing the pain and the anger of Moslar decided to comply.
She'd play ball until she was rescued.

     The Archangel willed her magic temporally out of existence, along with her
under garments, exposing her tits to the view of Loric's lustful eyes.

     Loric didn't know what was better, the humiliation in the Archangel's eyes
or the fact the her nipples glowed with the a silvery light that match the
centre of the universe in brilliance, yet was not blinding.

     "Get to your knees bitch and bark like a dog, if your good at it I might
allow you to beg for Moslar's cock instead of clipping your wings."

     The Archangel had too much pride still, Loric planned to cure her of that.
She just stared at Loric with loathing.

     Loric answered the Archangel's mutiny by pulling out a small pony like
doll. He placed it on the ground and said the activation word.

     The was a flash of light and the Archangel found herself on a tied up and
on top of the pony doll. It'd grown to accommodate her size. The "body" of the
pony doll wasn't roundish though, it was more of a thin triangle, the edge
pressing painfully between her cunt lips.

     Her wrists were tied behind her to the pony's tail, forcing her to arch her
back, making it so that her huge tits pushed out. Her tits were tied together
and a lit candle was wedged between her enormous jugs, so that hot wax dripped
down onto her soft tit flesh.

     Normally she wouldn't even have felt the pain of the hot wax, but thanks to
the collar she felt it all. Her body filled with pain, but to her disgust this
made her pussy got wet, her juices dripping down the sides of the pony.

     "I'll just leave you like that to think about the price of not learning
your new place as my property, you exist now only as a plaything to slate me and
my associates lust" explained Loric, before his attention turned to the Oread.

     The mountain nymph stared at Loric with fear and naked loathing in her
eyes. He wasn't the one she should have been a afraid of. The centaur leader
approached her, a wicked gleam in his eyes as he prepared to violate her.

     "Beg for it you cock teasing whore" the evil centaur demanded.
"Please...please just leave me alone" the teary eyed Oread pleaded.

     "Pot" Loric shouted, the magic in the collar's causing pain the crash
through both of his new slaves flesh. "Top" he uttered, when he'd made his
point.

     "Please master, let me take your huge horse cock in my mouth, I've alway
wanted to suck off a horse, blowing a centaur should be even better, so much
more humiliating, just no more pain please, I'll be a good piece of ass" the
Oread pleaded, fearful of Loric's ire.

     The lead Centaur used his sharp spear to cut her clothes off, her huge jugs
seeming to almost exploded out of the tight material. He than smacked her
beautiful bare ass, to which the Oread got the hint, crawling underneath him.

     Oread grabbed his monstrous cock in her shaking hands, licking the pre cum
off the tip. She traced the veins on his cock with the whole of her tongue, till
he snorted his inpatients.

     Afraid of being trampled the Oread opened her mouth, forcing the head of
his cock into her mouth, causing her jaw to ache.

     The Oread positioned herself so that when the centaur stared raping her
tight throat, it slid down it, instead of hitting the back of her throat. This
way the Centaur's big hairy nut sack slapped against her chin, while his cock
plunged down her raw throat.

     The Oread slurped and gagged at times, the that only in courage the
Centaur, pleasure at her pain and humiliation obvious in its eyes.

     See the other Centaurs anxious for some action, Loric waved his slaves and
mercenaries over.

     Seeing fresh pussy, one of the Centaurs pushed Kora onto her hands and
knees after he'd ripped her clothes off and had pawed at her magnificent
knockers. He than slammed his cock into her with one great thrust, making her
cry out with pain.

     The magic of the collar kicked in as the Centaur brutally violated her
tight cunt.  Kora started cumming to her humiliation and the delight of the
Centaurs.

     Threatening Kora with its spear, the Centaur order her to plead for abuse.
"I'm nothing but a tight cunt, fucking kill me with that hard tasty horse cock,
rape till I'm unconscious!" Kora screamed, knowing the price of failure, not to
mention the dark powers of the collar forcing her to obey despite her wishes.

     Kora's tits swung hypnotically from the extreme force the Centaur used in
feeding his cock to her poor cunt. He pulled out just in time to coat her back
with his steaming jizz.

     Pointy wasn't lucky enough to be spared abused. She struggled against the
half-Orcs, who tried her to the horse belly of one the Centaurs. He stared to
gallop around, so that as Pointy swayed back and forth, the Centaur's cock
slammed in and out of her.

     Both the Oread and Pointy started creaming soon after Kora, to the evil
amusement of their audience. Orgasms crashed thru the ladies for what seemed
like an eternity, violating them doubly, both physically and mentally.

     Loric turned to the Archangel. "Have learn your new place bitch?" he asked
as pulled the gag from her mouth. "Fu...Fuck you!" she replied, Archangels being
renowned for being hard to break this didn't faze Loric.

     He had so of the Centaurs pulled her off the pony, which shrank so that
Loric could put it back in his back pack.

     He than turned back to the task of breaking the Archangel, a task the
filled his balls with anticipation.

     He had the Centaurs hold her still as he pulled of a nipple piercing kit.
She grimaced as he pierced her nipple, but didn't cry out. Loric than slipped
the sting thru the holes and tied it to one of the Centaurs.

     The Centaur than started to gallop around, dragging the beautiful, busty,
Archangel after him, by her nipples.

     Loric than turned his attention to the Oread who was grunting hard as she
approached climax from a Centaur who was fucking her ass hard enough to lift her
slightly off the ground.

     Loric was thankful that the collars didn't allow pussy's to get stretched
out, she'd always be nice and tight.

     A second Centaur moved up to her face a slammed his cock down her throat,
his balls slapping hard against her chin.

     His other two slaves were busy servicing a group of Centaurs so Loric
turned back to see what was happening to the Archangel.

     She had her arms tried behind her back in such away that her huge tits were
thrust forward. Two Centaurs were pulling in opposite directions the strings
connected to her nipples so that her giant tits were being pulled in two
directions.

     Her magic protected her from any real damage, but pain must have been an
eye opener for her.

     Loric decided to add to her pain by sinking his sword of Moslar deep into
her could, rapping painfully past her cherry, stealing her virginity for his
dark god's amusement.

     He than stuck his big dick into her ass for his amusement. She howled with
pain as she was cruelly double penetrated and her tits pulled on.

     "I'll stop the Centaurs from pulling on your tits if, if, you thank me for
making you a slave and began my rape your tits and your every hole on daily
basis!" Loric offered.

     "Please no...arrgh...Thank you...you for making me a sex slave to exist as
a cum receptacle of my betters and please fuck my every hole every day...twice
on holidays...and please abuse my gravity defying tits too!" She begged,
thirsting for pain relief.

     Meanwhile the Oread was taking it up that ass and the pain was so great her
scream got caught in the back of her throat. Still as much as it hurt it felt so
much better that the mountain nymph was pushing back at the cock so it'd impale
her deeper. The slutty Oread even started cumming on the horse like cock. Hot
cum blasted inside her till it dripped down her legs.

     Her reward for making the Centaur cum was one of his buddies replacing him
at her asshole, while the one that had just creamed out her ass made her like
the cum and shit off his dick.

     The Archangel was no better off as Loric and his God filled her with cream,
both lower holes, before giving the Archangel over to the Centaurs and his
half-orcs, the Archangel so broken and defiled that no one had to ask her to
begged for cock like a good little whore, it just came naturally to her.

     By the time every one was done four female mystical creatures lay in the
large pool of sperm, licking up the mixture to the amusement of their master. 

                                                                                                                                         
The city of Ruin, sex slave evaluators guild

"Who's next?" the Dwarfish bureaucrat ordered. Loric brought forward Kora and
Pointy. "Loric you son of a succubus! my old friend ho has it been?" the Dwarf
asked as his eyes caught Loric's.

     "Just look Cocksmen, just look" Loric answered, pointing at Pointy, Gaxia
the Archangel of Galaxies, the Oread Zion, and Kora.

     "So you've made full priest, congratulations Loric!" Cocksmen the Dwarf
proclaimed, a smile on his bearded face. "Shit Loric, you'll be a legend for
this, a Archangel, one of the most powerful by the looks of her, one of those
unicorn priestess, an Amazonian, and an Oread in your first hunt, it'll be hard
to top that my friend."

     "You there bitch, the one with the diamond in her forehead come here"
Cocksmen ordered Pointy. "Put your tits on the scale so I can weigh them"
Cocksmen explained. " 200 Kalcas, and no flaws, plus she is the most beautiful
slave I've ever seen" Cocksmen declared. "Lets see how see sucks cock than"
Cocksmen muttered as he freed his 15 inch cock.

     "Your manhood is almost as large as you are" Pointy gasped. Cocksmen just
smacked her with his cock and forced her to her knees. He got onto a stepping
stool so that her could violate the pretty priestess's mouth.

     Cocksmen was happily enjoying his blowjob, when told Pointy to shove a
strange device up her cunt. Having no choice she shoved it in, while she
continued to get the Dwarf the best head he had ever gotten in his life (and as
a fuck slave evaluator he had gotten a lot). Cocksmen came and Pointy shallowed
his semen before she handed him his tool.

     "Oh, my this is the tightest twat ever recorded" Cocksmen declared as he
analysed his tool. He than shoved it up Pointy's rectum to get more
measurements. "Again the tightness is record breaking figure!" Cocksmen
announced with grin.

     Cocksmen grabbed a pair of high platinum nipple rings off his desk. The
levels started at clay nipple rings for the ugliest fuck slaves move up through
bronze, copper, silver, high silver, gold, high gold, platinum, and finally high
platinum for the hottest of fuck slaves or what the Dwarves would called grade
AAA piece of ass. The magical nipple rings dug into Pointy's nipples till they
were pierced.

     Kora was next and she was on her knees with his cock in her mouth before
Cocksmen could say next. Cocksmen filled Kora's eager mouth with sperm, which
she gargled before swallowing. Cocksmen made his measurement and than got a pair
of high platinum nipple rings as well. He than applied them to Kora's nipples
like he had done to Pointy's. The rings bite into Kora's nipples till they were
pierced.

     Next it was the Oread, who sucked his smelly balls, before blowing him, but
instead of swallowing his cum, she took a massive facial instead. Her
measurements were equal to the others.

     Last, but not least was the Archangel, who the Cocksmen approached
cautiously. She set his fears to rest as she got on her hands and knees begging
for his cock, the must submissive and whorish of the bunch. She too took his cum
on her face, a badge of honour for the defiled Archangel. She had the most awe
inspiring measurements of all.

     "So Loric do you wish to auction off these fuck sluts or do you wish to put
them in our fuck slave stables in which we get 50 percent of the profits?"
Cocksmen asked, secretly hoping Loric would choose the stables so he could fuck
them all. The fuck slaves stables were whorehouses run by the guilds.

     After some thought Loric replied. "I'll want to fuck them again so put them
in the stables". Cocksmen led the slaves away and Loric went home for a well
deserved rest. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





