BDSM Library - Big 'Uns




Big 'Uns
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bud wins Big 'Uns magazine in a poker game, the catch he has to find his own girls, with out any money, If they won't pose for free, he'll have to make them. A MARRIED WITH CHILDREN STORY.
                        By Omega Phallic

            Big 'Uns part 1: Kelly's Sweater Meat 


     "Black Jim" Carl Nelson, the owner of big 'un's magazine, declared proudly,
showing Bud Bundy his hand.

     "Its Black Jack you idiot and were playing poker you fool, how the hell did
moron like you end up with all this?" Bud asked waving his hands at the
multimillion dollar mansion surrounding them.

     Bud was the lucky winner of a seasons pass to the Big 'Uns mansion, which
was why the born loser was playing cards with one of the most successful men in
the city, a man envied by many. Why Carl was playing with Bud was anyone's
guess.

     The stunning blond massaging Carl's shoulder's glared at Bud, about to give
him a piece of her mind, when Carl cut her off. "I tell you what asshole, if you
think you could run things so much better then me, I bet you Big 'Uns magazine
and video inc., that I win the next hand" Carl offer with an evil smile.

     Bud was hyper ventilating, until the blond smacked him, knocking back to
his senses. Rubbing his cheek, Bud asked what he would lose if he lost.

     "I'll tear up your season pass to the Big 'Uns mansion and you never darken
its halls again" Carl answered, his eyes alight with the hope he might finally
get rid of this useless asshole.

     Bud bite his lip, uncertain what to do. "Is Carl as big an idiot as he'd
seems or is he hustling me to get me out of his way?" Bud whispered to himself,
stroking his chin as he considered his options.

     "What was that Bundy, in or out?" Carl asked, looking Bud square in the
eye, trying gage the young man.

     "I'm in" Bud answered, rubbing his hands at the thought of all the naked
women he'd be seeing and fucking if he won. He'd make that blond bitch that
smacked him the first to eat his cock he concluded.

     Carl dealt them each a hand of five. Sweat was pouring down Bud's forehead,
his stomach doing somersaults as he waited for Carl to finish dealing.

     Picking his cards up, Bud scanned them quickly to see what the best hand he
could put together was, he didn't even had pair, his high card was an eight of
spades. He was fucked.

     Bud put his cards done in defeat, there was no draws, and he didn't see the
point of waiting as his dreams were crushed.

     "Damn it, busted, I drew a 40!" Carl bemoaned, confusing poker with Black
Jack again. The moron had a full house of course, three tens and a pair of
fives, which Bud promptly swept back into the deck before the blond, who was
taking care of Carl, finished talking to her friend, to returned to correct
Carl's mistake.

     "Oh boy, oh boy, I'm going to get me some Big 'Uns" Bud declared rubbing
his hands together in anticipation.

     "Not so fast boy, the girls aren't part of the deal, nor is the mansion or
the money, just the camera's and the deal with the publishing company, plus the
copy rights to Big 'Uns, good luck loser!" Carl laughed, leaving Bud to his
troubles.


     "We're never going to get a girl to agree to pose for no money dad" Bud
complained to his father, who only gave a shit because Big 'Uns was his
favourite magazine. He couldn't in good conscience let his son run such a fine
publication into the ground.

     "Look son I'll tell you the secret about getting women to put out, but if
you tell anyone I said this I'll deny it and it'll be your ass that gets sent to
jail" Al offered, looking around to make sure no one else was around to hear it.
It'd ruin his rep as a stud if it go around.

     "I'll even help you run your company, but you've got to keep it secret,
especially from Marcy, she'd claw your eyes out with those chicken legs of hers
if she found out son" Al warned.

     "Out with it old man!" Bud demand impatiently, desperate to try anything,
even if that meant listening to his fathers advice, something he usually tried
to avoid doing.

     "Rape son, you got to rape them son" Al told his son, expecting his son to
bolt and freak out at his advice, but Bud looked on curiously.

     Bud mouth was dry at the thought of raping some big breasted slut and
making pose from his magazine and videos, he'd dreamed of using rape women for
years, cutting out all the hard work of getting to go out with him, and getting
to know them, but Bud knew he was the type of guy that would be passed around in
prison, so it put an end to those hopes. Until now.

     "Why weren't you arrested dad?" Bud asked, looking around himself now,
hoping no one heard conversion between them.

     "You get something on them, pot works the best, you take a few pics of her
with a joint in her mouth, use that to blackmail her, it works very time" Al
explained, betting that a young man like Bud would have his own secret stash.

     He was close. Bud pulled a fat bag of unused ecstasy pills he'd bought from
a guy at a rave, during his short lived Master B phase.

     "Good enough son, lets get started" Al said, taking the pills from his son,
slipping them in his beer cooler, the one he kept in the basemen.

     "Kelly pumpkin, get down here please, your dear old dad needs your help" Al
called up the stairs to his daughter.

     "Dad, you've got to be joking?" Bud asked, his eyes bugging out at the
suggestion of using his own sister.

     "Why not, she'd make the perfect cover model, she'd got some of the biggest
tits in Chicago, she beautiful, and people eat up that incest stuff" Al
answered, getting up and turning on the video cameras Bud had set up all around
his bed.

     Bud picked up his digital hand DVD recorder, taping his sister as she
skipped down the stairs, her enormous tits bouncing under the white knit button
up sweater she worn, the one that left her navel exposed.

     "Dad's right, Kelly puts the meat in sweater meat" Bud muttered quietly to
himself as he traded his DVD recorder for his other digital camera, taking
photo's of Kelly, who had a confused look on her face.

     "What do need daddy?" Kelly asked, trying to ignore Bud. She didn't know
why he was taking her picture, but it was starting to get on her nerves.

     "Kelly, I've got you a new necklace for you pumpkin, put it on" Al told his
daughter, pointing to the electric shocking collar he'd worn until he'd agreed
to fix the basement.

     "Thanks daddy, hey isn't this the electric collar Bud used against you is
it? You not trying to use the collar to force me into baring my big tits for
Bud's new Magazine are you?" Kelly asked suspiciously.

     "Ahhh, no hon, we're, ah, hmmm, oh yes, Bud's gay and he's turning it into
a gay skin mag hon, so he doesn't need female models" Al lied, receiving daggers
from Bud's eyes in the process.

     "Bud, do you really think your going to do any better with men than you do
with women?" the dumb blond asked as she snapped the collar around her neck.

     Kelly shook her short blond hair and ran back up the stairs, until the
collar zapped, making her back arch in pain, thrusting her huge titties out.

     Walking painful back down the stairs, Kelly turned to her brother with
snooty look on her face.

     "I'm a not a boy you idiot, I'm a girl, I know you don't have much
experience with those, but after all those Big 'Uns you read you'd thing you'd
know the difference, to think that people say I'm the stupid one" Kelly told
Bud, rolling her eyes at what she perceived to be her brother's stupidity.

     "I'm not gay you pea brain slut, now go sit on my bed if ever want out of
the collar" Bud replied, finding her lack of brains almost as astounding as the
size of her tits.

     "Daddy!" Kelly complained, pouting. She'd find no mercy in that corner. Al
was sick of his daughters cock teasing behaviour, if she was going to act like a
whore, he was going to treat her like one.

     Kelly sobbed quietly as she walked over to the bed and prepared for her
sexual abuse.

     Bud tossed couple of ecstasy pills to Kelly, both to blackmail her later
with and to loosen her up a bit.

     Kelly didn't do drugs, but she thought they were Tylenol so she swallowed
them anyway. The pills worked quickly, making Kelly feel weird.

     "Time to open your sweater Kelly" Al ordered, unzipping his pants and
pulling his cock out, beating himself off to thoughts of his daughter.

     "Oh man, oh man, oh man I'm going to see some Big 'Uns" Bud declared as he
started snapping shots of Kelly unbuttoning her thin white knit sweater.

     Kelly was embarrassed to find she starting to get wet as she pulled her
sweater open, exposing her mountainous hooters to her father and brother. Seeing
her father stroking his big cock at the sight of her massive mammaries sent a
thrill through Kelly.

     "Grab them by the base and start smacking them togther" Bud order, taking a
close up of Kelly heavenly orbs.

     Stifling a sob, Kelly grabbed her soft tit meat at the base and started
smacking together, the two tit flesh glaciers colliding with a meaty thwack,
again and again and again, Kelly's humiliation increasing exponentially with
meaty smack.

     Bud was gleefully taking pictures of his humiliated sister when the light
bulb blew. "Damn it what do we do now?" Bud complained.

     "Eureka, I've got it, we'll do the shots from now on in the Jiggly Room!"
Al announced, coming to the rescue again.


     "Ah the Jiggly Room, where the breasts don't stop bouncing when a guy
starts a pouncing, at the Jiggly Room!" Al shouted.

     "Where the a guy's mitts can cup some tits, at the Jiggly Room!" Bud added.

     "Where the biggest hooters get the loudest rooters,  at the Jiggly Room!"
Al announced.

     "Where the guys start-a-wanking when the girls start-a-spanking, at the
Jiggly Room!" Bud continued.

     "Where bucks start flowing when the fucks start going, at the Jiggly Room!"
Al added at a fevered pitch.

     "Where the girls are a doffin' for guys belonging in a coffin, at the
Jiggly Room!" Kelly rejoined sarcastically.

     "Heathen" Al counter, before waving over the manager, Akbar,  an old friend
of Al's.

     "Hey Al, I see you're with your daughter who is as lovely as always" the
too smooth owner of the Jiggly Room offered, greeting his best customer with a
handshake, while his eyes never left Kelly's chest.

     "I've got a real treat you pal, Kelly here wants to work for you, you'll
not find a hotter piece of ass in all of Chicago" Al promise, nodded towards his
daughter.

     "No I don't, I'm an actress not a stripper and a whore" Kelly countered
snootily. He wouldn't dare force her to strip against her will with Officer Dan
sitting in the front row Kelly concluded.

     "Don't make me come over there" Al threatened, shaking his fist at his
wilful daughter.

     "Fuck off, were in public and there's nothing you can do to make me" Kelly
challenged, sticking her tongue out at her father to drive her point home.

     In a rage, Al bent Kelly over the nearest table, shattering glass and
getting everyone's attention. Kelly's eyes were wide with shock as Al fished
around her waist to unbutton and unzip her jeans, before pulling them down to
her ankles, exposing her ass and shaved slit to everyone in the room.

     Kelly's public humiliation grew worse as Al lifted his hand high into the
air, bringing it down hard to smack Kelly on the ass. Kelly's eyes grew moist,
as did her tight young pussy, as Al continued her public spanking, to the cheers
and applause of the patrons of the Jiggly Room.

     "I'll be a stripper here daddy, just please stop spanking me" Kelly
pleaded, dying of embarrassment.

     "You've insulted everyone here, making them think you don't want to be
stripper" Al counter, the spanking he was giving Kelly making his hard.

     "Please master, I want to be stripper, exposing my tits to everyone,
jiggling them in guys faces, it what I live for, sucking their cocks dry for
free, I'm nothing but a total whore!" Kelly screamed, getting a standing ovation
from the crowd.

     Al stopped spanking her, but left her sobbing, bent over the table, with
her pants around her ankles. "Prove it" Al commanded his blond daughter.

     Kelly got on her knees before her father, unbuttoned his pants and unzipped
his fly, freeing his cock, which smacked her in the face as it popped out.

     "Tell everyone how much you want to suck your fathers cock pumpkin" Al
instructed Kelly.

     "Please daddy, let suck that big juicy cock of your, I want to wrap my lips
around it, slip it over my tongue slowly so that I can taste as much of it as I
can, till it hits the back of my throat, before adjusting my head so that can
take it all the way down my throat" Kelly begged huskily, cupping her heavy tits
through her white knit sweater to emphasis what a big slut she was for wanting
cock her father's cock.

     Contrary to what her father and brother believed, this wasn't the first
time she'd been raped, guys did it to her all the time, so she knew from
experience that at this point it was best to play up the slut factor for her own
safety.

     Kelly licked the precum from Al's piss slit, purring at the taste before
licking every available inch of skin on his cock she could find, before turned
to the main meal. Opening, Kelly bobbed her head lower and lower on her father's
dick, eventually taking the huge organ down her throat, where she used her neck
muscles to milk him.

     Turning to Bud to see if he was catching it all on DVD, Al noticed Bud was
nodding in the affirmative to his unspoken question.

     Kelly buried her nose in her father's pubic hair, looking up at him, making
sure he saw how good he tasted in her mouth in her eyes.

     Kelly's cheeks hollowed and her head blurred as she used Al's dick to fuck
her face with, his smelly balls bouncing off her chin so fast that they were
almost drumming out a tune on the pretty blonds face.

     Kelly's hands moved between her legs, her fingers plowing into her tender
pussy like a tiger on a deer, the blond slut fucking herself savagely.

     Kelly's cunt muscles squeezed her fingers as her mind was assaulted by a
massive wave of debauched orgasms that left Kelly's entire body glistening with
a sheen of sweat, driving Kelly to suck faster, the slut dying of a thirst that
could only be quenched by her father's sperm.

     Cum painted her tonsils and her tongue as Al could take no more. "Kelly
before you swallow, stick your tongue out to show everyone my cum" Al commanded,
waving Bud over so he could grab a close up of Kelly's tongue.

     Sticking her cum covered tongue out, Kelly made sure that everyone had a
good long look up close and personal, before swallowing, after which she stuck
her tongue back out to show the crowd that she'd indeed eaten every last drop of
her father's creamy seed.

     "Now crawl back stage and get ready for your dance while daddy deals with
the manager pumpkin" Al told his daughter, not even allowing her to pull her
pants up as she crawled ever so slowly back stage, her ass wiggling seductively
behind her, before disappearing back stage.

     "She'll need a stage name Al" the managed advised, rubbing the aching hard
on Kelly had caused. That cock teasing bitch was going to be doing a lot more
than dancing on the stage the horny manager decided.

     "Sweater Meat" Bud suggested, remembering his earlier thoughts as Kelly had
skipped down the stairs to his basement.

     "Sweater Meat it is" Manager agreed.


     "Gentleman, put your hands together for the hottest piece of ass in the
tristate area, Sweater Meat!" the manager of the Jiggly Room announced to
massive applause. The place was packed.

     Kelly skipped out onto the stage, the huge boulders under her sweater
bouncing beautifully. Grabbing the brass pole, Kelly swung around it once,
before shoving her huge breasts around it.

     Pushing her tit meat around the phallic piece of metal with her hands,
Kelly started fucking the pole like she would a cock. She had to do her best or
her father would punish her, so Kelly held nothing back, fucking the pole with
sensitive tits savagely.

     The look in Kelly's eyes as she fucked herself to a screaming titgasm was
priceless, as was the cum strain soaking her jeans.

     Kelly unzipped her pants which dropped to her ankles, reminding everyone of
what had just a occur just 10 minutes before. Getting on her knees, Kelly thrust
her ass out at the crowd, before smacking her ass cheeks hard with both hands,
again reminding her fans of her public spanking.

     Their wasn't a soft cock in the builder as Kelly's hands first pried her
ass cheeks apart, then her tight asshole, her fingers opening her sphincter wide
enough that everyone could see inside her shitter.

     A Canadian tourist, deciding to give Kelly a special tip, took a roll of
toonies and shoved the money into the blonds unsuspecting ass. Kelly moaned at
the unexpected violation of her asshole, but she did nothing to stop him from
fucking her with the Canadian currency.

     Kelly's eyes closed as her body was consumed by assgasms that left her
breathless, the pleasure making her forget to breath in, smothering her with its
intensity.

     Kelly let go of her sphincter, which sprang back to its proper shape.

     Kelly's asshole was so tight, she didn't even need to clenched her ass
muscles as she got to her feet, she wouldn't drop the money stuffed in her bum,
her rectum was too tight to allow for that.

     Kelly squeezed her ass even tighter, and to everyone's surprise managed to
squeeze out a single toony from her ass. One by one, Kelly shit out toonies,
until the roll was empty, at which point she used her ass muscles to remove the
empty roll paper from her ass.

     "Do you guys want to see tits?" Kelly asked, getting screams of wordless
lust and chants of "Sweater Meat, Sweater Meat, Sweater Meat..." taken up by the
crowd.

     "I can't hear you!" Kelly teased, kicking up the volume of chanting from
the crowd to a fevered pitch, to the point where Kelly was worried they might
get violent if she did give them the sweater meat they were demanding.

     Kelly had never felt so humiliated, so powerless, or so turned on in her
life as she did when she ripped open her sweater, her mountainous knockers
exposed to the hundreds of screaming, whistling, and cheering guys filling the
Jiggly Room, not to mention Buds cameras.

     Remembering what Bud had forced her to do earlier as she tossed her sweater
to Ike, one of her fathers friends, Kelly grabbed her soft breasts by the base
and started smacking them against each other, the Jiggly Room was filled with
the beautiful sound of her perfect tits colliding like two heavenly juggernauts,
the stunning music of her tit meat smacking into each other overwhelming the
sounds of the crowd

     Every eye in the room was rivetted to Kelly's chest, the sight of the
blonds beautiful milk melons crashing together, her huge tits glistening with a
sheen of sweat, the slut purring with arousal at the self abuse of her tender
tit meat, had guys by the dozens cumming in their pants, soaking their underwear
with jizz, which they then removed and tossed at Kelly in the same fashion that
an Opera fan would toss roses at a signer they enjoyed.

     "God, this feels sooo good, do you want to see me cum, want to me make my
tits cum for you?" Kelly asked, pussy juice trickling down her legs as the
little blond slut race to a shocking public titgasm.

     The howls of glee from her audience were answer enough for Kelly who tossed
her head back screaming as she came, smacking her tits together faster and
harder, the titgasmic pleasure in her ample breasts blocking out the rest of the
universe so that the only things left were her huge knockers smashing together
sending lethal bolts of orgasmic bliss throughout Kelly's existence.

     It seemed to last forever. When Kelly finally came down, it was as a pair
of underwear were lofted through the air, landing on her oversized hooters.

     Kelly looked down at the boxer shorts, open the waist band to show everyone
the sperm covered crotch, which smelled of cock and ball sweat.

     Kelly turned them around and licked her lips, before descending on her
snack, licking the nasty underwear clean, swallowing the cum stains and musky
sweat.

     Kelly then rubbed the rank pair of boxers all over her big breasts, making
them bounce and jiggle as she did so, until the lovely smell of her mammoth tits
completely overwhelmed the old one smell, tossing them back to the original
owner, now smelling of Kelly's huge hooters.

     Kelly went back to tit fucking the brass pole, this time with her bare
tits, the cold metal making her nipples hard and cunt wet. While Kelly was
fucking herself to another titgasm, Al got on stage about to give the crowd what
they wanted most of all, to see Kelly fucked by her own daddy.

     "Kelly, it's time for the real thing" Al announce as he smack her ass from
behind. Kelly jumped, not hearing him approach, and swallowed. She was horrified
by the thought of fucking her father, but even if her father didn't spank her,
the crowd would never let her leave until she was well and truly fucked.

     Kelly layed down on her back and spread her legs submissively when Al knelt
between her them, but instead of fucking her Al grabbed Kelly her nipples and
pulled so hard on them that her upper body was slightly lifted off the floor.

     The pain shooting through Kelly huge knockers was only dwarfed by the
pleasure said pain caused, making the Bundy cum yet again, this time a mixed
titgasm/paingasm.

     It was in that agonizing position that Al finally stuck his cock into her,
filling his daughter with dick meat.

     Kelly gasped as her cunt was violated by her own father's big cock, the one
man in the world she'd thought would see her as something other than fuck meat,
had her completely impaled on the biggest dick Kelly had ever had inside.
Apparently her daddy saw her as fuck meat too.

     While Kelly's mind was rebelling against this violation, Kelly body was
responding to it, losing the battle against the blissful joy her daddy's dick
was giving her as he fucked his gorgeous daughter brutally, punishing her tight
cunt with his cock for all the teasing, the slutty outfits, and the fact that
she'd grown up to have such mouth watering hooters.

     Al finally let go of Kelly's well abused breasts, grabbing her long legs
instead, using them to fuck his sultry daughter remorselessly, raping her cunt
with the cruel stamina of a man half his age.

     "Oh god Kelly, you've got to be the best fuck I've every had!" Al roared as
he sped up his fucking, the sounds of his cock pounding away into his
daughter's, prick milking cunt, echoing there out the Jiggly Room.

     "Fuck me daddy, feed me your big dick daddy, fuck your daughter while
everyone watches, make cum on your cock so they see what slut I am, because I
love my daddy's big juicy cock" Kelly begged, looking up into fathers eyes as
she did so.

     "You god damn fuck toy Kelly!" Al screamed as his cock exploded, jizz
blasting from his cock like a dam bursting, filling his daughter with more of
her daddy's sperm then such a tight hole had space for, flooding over onto the
stage floor.

     Feeling her dad's cum inside her triggered Kelly's own orgasm, a soul
consuming blast of blissful torment.

     Al removed himself from Kelly with a loud plop, rubbing his sperm and cunt
juice covered cock all over his daughter's trim stomach.

     "Kelly, er, I mean Sweater Meat, you'd better lick the stain you made on
the carpet clean" Al suggested, which really wasn't a suggestion at all.

     Kelly rolled over on her hands and knees. Kelly's lapped at the cum stained
carpet, but not fast enough for her father, who removed his belt.

     Crack, went his belt as it made contact with his lovely daughter's ass,
making Kelly whimper and lick faster.

     "Lick faster Sweater Meat, you busty little whore, swallow every last drop"
Al demanded of his daughter, bringing his belt down on her ass again.

     It was never fast enough for Al, who just loved smacking his daughter's
sweet ass, making her whimper, humiliating till she creamed, paingasms which
distracted her from licking the carpet clean, which meant more punishment for
the lovely white globes of her ass.

     As Kelly finished licking up every last trace of cum, she felt a warm
liquid hitting her back. Kelly looked over her shoulder to see her daddy pissing
on her, which sent a thrill through her, which in turn sent horror shooting
through her. What was she becoming? She was already a slut, but this was to the
next level. She was turning a sperm bucket, the realization making her tremble
with fear.

     "Oh yeah daddy, shower my with pee, that's right piss all over me, piss on
you piece of ass daughter, oh god it's making me so fucking hot" Kelly groaned,
getting some on her fingers so she could lick it off.

     The look on Kelly's face as sucking her fingers clean was encouragement
enough for the entire front row, who joined her father in pissing on her.

     Hot golden liquid cascaded her back, trickling between her butt cheeks to
pool on the floor, while the guys on the other side of the stage aimed for her
face, the salty streams spraying her in the cheek, to drip down onto her
oversized fun bags.

     Bud, who had guys working the cameras now, aimed his golden stream straight
into his sister's mouth, who's mouth filled up with as much of her brother's hot
piss as it could hold, so she could have the taste of it in her mouth as long as
possible, before swallowing it, even going as far as gargling the golden nectar.

     Bud still had plenty of tasty piss for his sister, so Kelly grabbed his
dick, shoving the head of it between her lips, while Bud pissed away, filling
her with a mouthful, before she'd gargle it, without spilling so much as drop of
the treasure golden ambrosia before it slipped down her throat.

     When she'd sucked up ever last drop of her brother salty golden ale, she
went after his sperm, blowing her brother with the suction force of an expanding
vortex, her cock hungry mouth slurping on it noisily, the hot sucking sounds of
his sister's face in his crotch, musical to Bud's ears.

     Cum squirted from his cock like a water gun filled with melted
marshmallows, Bud's creamy sperm blending with his piss on Kelly's tongue to
form a salty extravaganza of cunt tingling delights.

     "I've been waiting for that for so long" Bud admitted, before Griff and
Officer Dan pushed him out of the way to take their turn the hottest fuck in the
tristate area.

     "So much for protect and serve" Kelly muttered as Officer used her pants to
wipe the piss off her, taking a cheap feel of her soft tits, so he could flip
her on her back, tilt her head backwards, making it easier to plunge his
gargantuan cock down Kelly's cock sucking throat.

     Officer Dan pumped Kelly's face harder than he pumped a perp for info, his
hairy balls smacking Kelly in the face so hard, she was thankful she didn't get
a black eye.

     Kelly had never blown or fucked a black man before, not because she had a
problem with it, a big dick was a big dick to Kelly no matter what kind of
wrapping paper it wore, it all tasted good to Kelly, but because she hadn't
gotten around to it yet.

     Griff, had taken the low road, wanting to lose himself in his co-worker's
sweet cunt. He'd been beating off every night to dreams of this moment ever
since Al had introduced him to his hot piece of ass daughter.

     Feeling Griff's cock slowly enter her, Kelly's instinctively started
sucking harder and faster on Officer Dan's cock, her mouth sending waves of
pleasure through his dick like it was the portal to heaven.

     Griff slammed his cock into the tight blond with the power of a charging
war horse, raping her cunt so hard, her tits were swaying in circles on chest,
smacking against each other with a vulgar cracking sound like thunder Gods
fucking.

     Feeling extra cruel, Officer Dan pulled his stun guns from their holsters,
shoving one into each of her tits, but he didn't pull the triggers.

     He waited until Kelly noticed them, watching her eyes widen in terror, her
screams of fear muffled by his cock meat which was brutally raping her throat,
waiting for her fear to reach its zenith, before pressing the triggers, sending
shock waves of the most incredible pain and pleasure Kelly had ever know in her
life throughout her entire mammoth mammaries, instantly causing Kelly to cum.

     The pleasure and pain were beyond what was endurable, but that didn't stop
Dan from pressing the trigger time and against, each time setting off a
multititgasmic experience of hellish delights.

     Kelly's screams just made her throat tighten and release around his cock
divinely, milking his prick masterfully.

     Only when his stun gun batteries ran out, did Officer Dan toss them aside,
turning now to his night stick to torment the hot blond.

     Officer Dan placed the club square above Kelly's big breasts, before
pressing down and forward, setting off a new series of screams around his cock.
Just when Kelly was about to lose consciousness, Officer Dan pulled his cock
back enough to shot his salty load in her mouth.

     Griff, who wasn't into that torture thing like Officer Dan was, prefer an
old fashion high impact cunt pounding, looking her in the eyes as he made her
cum, a powerful, but almost relaxing orgasm, that contrasted remarkably with the
ones Officer Dan gave her.

     Griff pulled out of Kelly, shooting his spunk onto her trim stomach like a
gentleman, again as opposed to Officer Dan who made her suck ever last drop of
sperm from his cock. Both of them left Kelly to her fate.

     Kelly groaned as Bob Rooney sat his fat ass down on her belly, until she
saw his cock which had her drooling at its monestrous sight. Who would have
guess that Bob Rooney had the biggest cock of all, a massive magnificent beast
fit for a God, truly it was a thing of beauty, which would have been more
befitting on a Centaur Chief than on the greasy fat ass, who was currently
kneading her huge breasts with his oily fat fingers.

     Kelly was almost purring as Bob Rooney's hands pressed her huge hooters
around his cock, enveloping it with the best tit meat Bob had ever had the
pleasure of knowing.

     Kelly, who despite her slutty past and display with the brass pole, had
never had a human flesh and blood dick between her mountainous melons before,
her last shred of virginity, found the feeling of such a big, hot, throbbing
cock encompassed by her soft mam meat, to be an exhilarating and intoxicating
experience.

     "Fuck my megamams you fat, greasy, horse prick wielding God!" Kelly
screamed as her tits got the fucking of a life time, the fireworks going off in
her beautiful breasts so enrapturing her, that having her velvety soft tits
fucked by Bob Rooney's gorgeous cock was the closest Kelly had ever been to
having a religious experience.

     When Kelly's series of megatitgasms hit her like a meteorite shower, so
intense was the sensations swamping her big breasts, that Kelly lifted Bob
Rooney up as her back arched, in an impressive feat of strength induced by the
extraordinary pleasure coursing through her titties like blood through her
veins.

     Sperm gushed out from Rooney's cock like an dangerous flood, plastering
Kelly's voluminous tits, graceful neck, and gorgeous face with more hot, creamy
sperm then all of Kelly's pathetic boyfriends could produce combined.

     Bob Rooney got up and grabbed the huge pair of boxers he'd tossed at the
stage earlier, throwing them to Kelly to use to wipe her herself off.

     Wiping all of the cum off her lovely body, Kelly then proceeded to lick the
gooey mess off of Bob Rooney's musky sweat soaked underwear, before rubbing his
underwear all over her massive hooters, till they smelled of her mountainous
peaks.

     Kelly tossed Bob his boxers back, which now smelled like her big breasts,
and rolled over onto her hands and knees, thinking it was finally over, until to
her dread she heard the bark of a dog. Looking back over her shoulder, Kelly saw
Buck, the Bundy family dog, being lead onto the stage by Al.

     "Buck, you don't want to do this, were best friends!" Kelly reminded the
dog, who jumped up, its front paws landing on her back. Unshed tears filled
Kelly's eyes at the ultimate betrayal, as the one creature that she loved most
in the world, the animal she had stood by when no one else would, pressed its
big doggy dick against her hot, wet, welcoming slit.

     As Kelly felt her dogs dick enter her, something snapped within her, and to
her shock found she was begging her dog for its dick. "Fuck me Buck, fuck this
big breasted bitch, oh yeah baby I'm your bitch, give all that hot hard dog meat
Buck, oh God I love fucking dogs!" Kelly admitted, making sure every last person
in the Jiggly Room heard her admission.

     Buck fucked Kelly like a wild maniac, but to the dogs surprise, Kelly was
fucking back just as hard, no longer resisting her cum bucket status, even
revelling in her public debasement.

     *wow, who needs that up tight ass poodle up the street, when their's a red
hot busty blond bitch at home* Buck thought to himself, as his cock
"accidentally" popped out of Kelly wet cunt and into her ass.

     Kelly screamed in pain, but just fucked back against Buck all the harder,
eager to have her ass inundated with dog sperm.

     As Kelly succumbed to yet another assgasm that left her muscles feeling
like puddy, Buck granted the bimbo wish, her tight ass guzzling the dog sperm
like the grade A whore she was.

     Thanks to its knot, Kelly couldn't get free until the dog was fully spend,
until it emptied the entire usable contents of its balls into Kelly tight
rectum. Kelly started whimpering as she really had to take a shit, but she
couldn't because Bucks dick was still blocking her ass like a cork.

     Finally after what seemed an unbearable eternity, Kelly's ass was cock
free, and she was about to run to the bathroom, when Al intervened.

     "You know the rule Kelly, you get the dog dirty, you clean him" Al reminded
her cruelly, pointing at Buck cock.

     Kelly shot him daggers from her eyes, but Al didn't notice. "How could you
do this to me, your own daughter, how could you rape me?" Kelly asked, wanting
an answer before she'd start blowing Buck.

     "Oh stop your whining, I get raped all the time by your mother, its no big
deal, so stop your complaining and start your sucking" Al answered, pointing at
Buck cock again.

     A plan was forming in Kelly's dumb, but cunning mind, as she got on her
knees and put her head under Buck.

     Kelly started by licking the sperm and brown streaks off Buck's cock,
before moving onto blowing it, finally even deepthroating it. Buck didn't have
much left in the way of sperm, so it took forever for Buck to cum in Kelly's
mouth. It took longer for Buck's knot to soften.        

     Kelly, jumped up holding her ass. "I been a good little fuck toy daddy, can
I go to the ladies room now" Kelly asked, plying all her considerable charms on
her father.

     "Sure pumpkin" Al answered sweetly, grabbing Kelly's arm as she tried to
speed off to the ladies room. "After you finish with them" Al added, pointing to
the crowd surging around Kelly like a flood of horny men.

     Kelly screamed as she was swarmed by hundreds of men.


     Kelly sat down very gingerly on the sofa. There wasn't an inch of her body
that was sore, but Kelly was smiling.

     Bud and Al came up the stares gabbing about the new addition of Big 'Uns,
Bud's first issue. On the cover was Kelly, a look of titgasmic bliss on her face
as Bob Rooney's dick blew its mighty load all over her. Thankfully no other part
of Bob was in the picture.

     Al opened the extra large centre fold, which was a massive picture of Kelly
being fucked in the ass by the dog.

     "Hey, Bud tell you what, just to prove there's was no hard feelings I'll
sign the first 50 copies, cover and centre fold, starting with that one" Kelly
offer too sweetly.

     Bud handed her the magazine, sitting beside her on the sofa, putting the
money he'd made off of her body on the table, a huge stack of bills that had
been tips intended for Kelly.

     "Happy hunting, love your big sister Kelly" Kelly said reading it out loud
after she wrote it, making sure the word big was on her breasts, which to Buds
amazement she actually managed to spell properly.

     Kelly signed the her centre fold too, again making sure the word big added
emphasis to the size of her tits in the picture.

     "You're the best Kell" Bud declared, wrapping his arm around his big sister
in a loving embrace, until he coped a quick and cheap feel.

     Instead of pushing Bud away, Kelly pushed his hands onto both of her huge
melons, actually encouraging him to feel her up, getting him take great handfuls
of her tit meat in his grubby paws.

     Rubbing Bud's crotch, Kelly noticed that he was getting hard, just as her
father, who was watching, was.

     "Bud, in the spirit of the truce, I've even found your next cover model,
she's a red head, big tits, and no one loves sucking cock more then her" Kelly
promised.

     Al stopped stroking his dick as a feeling of impending doom descended upon
him.

     "Oh Al!" Peggy, his wife of more years then he cared to think about, cried
out as she walked down the stairs wearing nothing but the biggest strap-on Al
had ever seen. It was the real reason he never wanted to have sex with his hot
wife.

     "Oh god no!" Al bellowed, turning to his daughter. "Have you no compassion
for your dear old dad?" Al asked accusingly of his daughter.

      "Oh stop your whining daddy, I get raped all the time by my dates, its no
big deal, so stop your complaining and start your sucking" Kelly countered,
turning his own words against him.

     Bud, who'd shoved Kelly's blue sweater up and started sucking greedily on
his sister's mountainous melons, which was getting Kelly really wet, looked up
reluctantly to see what was causing all the commotion.

     Bud mouth went dry at the sight of his Mother's tits, his cock getting
harder as his eyes moved down her trim body, devouring the view, until he
reached the strap-on, pissing himself at the sight.

     Peggy grabbed her son and husband each by the dick, declaring "if Al gets a
piece of Kelly, I get a piece you Bud!", pulling them up the stairs by their
manhood, both screaming for mercy.

     "What comes around goes around" Kelly shouted up the stairs vengefully,
before returning to her seat.

     Kelly pulled her sweater down and started counting her money as the screams
resounding up stairs rose higher, bringing a smile to the blond Bundy's face.



By Omega Phallic
Email: spinney@stn.net
Big 'Uns 2: Esmeralda's Habit


	"Please sir, in the name of Christ, please don't ever this dean of sin,
you soul depends on it" Esmeralda pleaded with a young man looking to enter the
Jiggly Room. The young man looked just stood there while Esmeralda warned him of
the "dangers" to his soul that a place like the Jiggly Room presented, giving
her hope the she might actually reach this young man, until she realized he was
just staring at her gigantic breasts, not listening to her words.

	"Carlos?" she cried out, to which her brother responded to by blocking
the young man's view of her ample chest, his own body.

	The young man decided that the nun was more trouble then she was worth,
slipping into the Jiggly Room.

	Esmeralda had been at it all day, protesting the Jiggly Room with her
brother as pence for her sin. She had chosen to do this as a way of pence for
her sin of having a premarital fling with a guy named Bud Bundy before she'd
entered the service of Christ.

	It'd been her first time and last time, filling her with great remorse,
driving her to chose the sidewalk outside the Jiggly Room as the place for her
punishment, a self prescribed punishment of having to stay here until she drove
at least one man away from the sin pit.

	So far not only had she failed to get a single man to at least delay
entering the establishment, but to her horror, she found her huge chest was
attracting men to the Jiggly Room like flies to shit. It was the only reason the
manager hadn't complained to the police yet, even being nice enough to bring her
a glass water when she got thirsty.

	Esmeralda wasn't a quitter though, God she felt had given her a duty and
he would help her complete it.

	At least she hadn't been alone, her brother Carlos had been with her the
entire time, protecting his sister without ever asking why she was doing this.
As far as he was concerned, she had been called by God to serve and it wasn't
his place to question her.

	Thinking about the stares her huge wrack had been receiving all day, she
hated to think what might of happened if Carlos hadn't been there to protect
her.

	Still, she was thinking of calling it a day, there was still tomorrow to
complete her mission, when she saw Bud Bundy approaching, which she took as a
sign. It was fit that as she had tempted him to sin that it should be her that
helped save him.

	"Bud, its me Esmeralda remember me? I'm here to save you from the devil"
she greeted him as if they just old friends.

	Bud looked the gorgeous Latin nun over trying to remember who she was
when it hit him like a ton of bricks.

	He'd fucked her right before she'd entered the nunnery, she'd been an
animal, ripping his clothes to shred as she'd stripped him. While she'd been the
most passionate fuck of his life, she been reserved in her choices of positions,
only riding him, nothing else. Still it'd been one hell of a ride.

	She looked as hot as ever in a tight black blouse, habit, and a long
black skirt. It was a shame she was wasting al that potential as a celibate nun.

	Bud tried to enter the club with his friends, Gus, Ahmed, and Francis,
but Esmeralda blocked their way.

	

	"Bud, your soul is in danger if you go in there, as the bible says..."
Esmeralda said as she started lecturing Bud.

	As his annoyance with the hot nun grew, so did an utterly evil idea that
gave even Bud pause.

	There was no way Bud was going to use the pictures of what had occurred
between him, his father, his mother, and that huge strap-on, shuddering at the
horrid memories, so he still needed a model for the new issue of Big 'Uns.

	It was evil to rape a nun, but it was many times worse to allow such
great tits to go to waste.

	"Tell you what Esmeralda, you make an excellent point, I know the owner
so can get you into see him, maybe if you tell him what you told me, he'll close
the place down completely" Bud lied, the smile lighting the Latina's face at his
words, making his cock swell.

	This was better than Esmeralda was expecting, far better, proving as far
as she was concerned that she was right about God choosing her for this.

	She followed Bud and his friends in, her brother tagging along behind,
looking very uncomfortable with the idea of entering a strip club.

	His eyes nearly bulged out of his head when he saw Kelly, that lovely
flower he'd considered as pure as a Mother Mary who he'd briefly dated, buck
naked on the stage, pressing her enormous tits together so a guy could shove a
two dollar bill into her cleavage, coping a feel in the process.

	"Esmeralda this Akbar, Akbar this your new dancer" Bud introduced,
grinning wickedly at the shocked look on her face.

	Terrified Esmeralda turned to leave, but found Bud's friends blocking
the way. Her brother was struggling with the hand cuffs that Officer Dan had
placed on him while he was distracted with the sight of Kelly shaking her ass
for dollar tips.

	"Here's the deal you slut, your going up on that stage and your going to
strip, I expect a 110% out of you, and if you don't comply, your brother's cock
is going to be a breakfast sausage" Bud explained as Kelly jumped off stage,
took the stun gun from Officer Dan and pressed it threateningly against Carlos'
cock.

	"Don't listen to him, he'll try and take your virginity, don't worry
about me, worry about your duty to God" Carlos declared nobly.

	Esmeralda looked away in shame, while laughed sharply. "I took that away
from this slut the day before she became a nun" Bud mocked.

	Looking from Esmeralda, who won't look at him, to Bud who grinning
evilly, Carlos still refused to believe it. "You lye like a churr dog?" she
shouted at Bud.

	"Please Bud don't make me do this, don't make me break my vows to God"
the beautiful young woman pleaded.

	"This and everyone like it is your God now cunt" Bud told Esmeralda as
he put her hand on his cock, her hand instinctively rubbing it, until she
realized she was doing it, pulling her hand away as if it had been thrust into
the fire.

	"So what's her stage name Bud?" Akbar asked, wondering what kind of
perverted name he'd come up with for her.

	"Hmmm, Tit Goddess, nice and pagan for her" Bud answered taking delight
in Esmeralda's disgust.

	

	

	"We have another treat for you again, courtesy of Big 'Uns new owner Bud
Bundy, put your hands together for the Tit Goddess, a nun worthy of the Gods?"
Akbar announced to a wild cheers.

	Esmeralda come out on her hands and knees, submissively. Kneeling in
front of Bob Rooney, who was standing on his chair stroking his huge cock
already, like she was praying, worshipping at Bob Rooney's altar of cock.

	Esmeralda tossed her habit onto his altar like an offering, which Bob
Rooney used to beat his meat.

	Looking at the cock pointing right at her Esmeralda tried resist the
allure, the musky scent, the tempting sirens call the sight of it induced in the
beautiful nun, but it won over her faith.

	Esmeralda jumped up, spun around the brass pole, her long hair flying
around beautifully. Esmeralda held the pole with one hand, and leaned back, her
free hand pushing through her hair, as she began dry humping the metal phallic
symbol.

	As she got closer to a climax, she pulled forward, wrapping her tits
around the pole , humping it harder, fucking it faster, losing control as the
pleasure raced through her like a forest fire.

	Esmeralda throw her head back and swear in Spanish, screaming as she was
doubly hit, a titgasm of terrifying magnitude and clitgasm that blended with her
titgasm, to torment the Hispanic beauty with delights forbidden to those of the
cloth.

	At the very height, Esmeralda ripped open her blouse, exposing to
utterly huge orbs encased in a lacy red bra, making Esmeralda's clothes an
excellent metaphor for the woman herself. Conservative on the outside red hot on
the inside.

	Esmeralda's shirt was first to hit the floor, followed by her skirt, her
panties matching the racy bra containing her gianormous bra busting breasts.

	Esmeralda went on her knees in prayer form again, this time in front of
Ahmed, Gus, and Francis' dicks.

	Her hands tented as if she was praying the massive cocks in front of
her, Esmeralda, used her thumbs to pop the front clasp of her bra, her tits
popping out to smack into the cocks before her.

	Guilt swamped Esmeralda for her blasphemy and her whorish behaviour, but
she had no choice, but to give these perverts the filthy show of a lifetime for
the sake of her brother, who'd alway protected and taken care of her all her
life. His manhood depended on her debasement for its very survival.  

	Esmeralda removed her bra and tossed it on top of Gus and Francis
throbbing dicks, a cup of the giant bra covering a cock each. To Ahmed she gave
her panties as an offering, pulling up so tight that after wedging into her cunt
for awhile, they ripped right off her. She tied the red panties around his cock,
to which he responded by pushing her onto her back.

	Making Esmeralda spread her legs, Ahmed grinned as she whimpered when
his hot breath reached her tender cunt. He teased around her clit, until she was
almost sobbing with need, before muff diving the nun, his mouth feasting on the
Hispanic girls cunt like it was ambrosia.

	Esmeralda tossed her head back and arched her back, thrusting her huge
mountains skyward, as Ahmed's tongue tormented her cruelly, driving her spirally
uncontrollable to a screaming climax.

	

	"No, no, please, its to much" the Hispanic nun pleaded with Ahmed,
unable to deal with the pleasure his skilled tongue was sending through her
body.

	To added to Esmeralda's sexual abuse, Francis and Gus joined in, burying
their face in a huge piece of heaven, her mocha brown tits. Their wasn't an inch
of her impressive tit meat that they left unmolested, breaking her resistence to
her inevitable climax, her tit milk filling the mouths as she had a titgasm and
clitgasm more powerful than anything the young slut had ever know, stronger than
her call to God even. To added strength to the nun's megagasm, Bud tossed a
large leg wax strip to Ahmed, who put it on Esmeralda's pubic hair and ripped it
off, leaving her twat bald and adding agony to her orgasmic bliss, intensifying
it to a megagasmic explosion inside the craven bitch.

	Her screams left no question as to what Esmeralda was experiencing, even
for a fool like her brother, and to his horror, he was getting hard at the sight
of his sister cumming wildly. For a moment he found himself wondering what it'd
be like to rape his own sister, but he forced the thought away, determined not
to give into the evil of Bud Bundy the all consuming power of Big 'Uns, but it
was too late, Kelly noticed the look of cruel lust that flashed briefly in his
eyes.

	Kelly pulled Carlos onstage by his dick, while Esmeralda was forced onto
her knees in front of him.

	"Remove his pants bitch" Kelly ordered, intending on breaking Carlos
from being a nobly nice guy into cunt pounding rapist like her brother.

	Esmeralda swallowed fearfully, but undid her brother's pants and pulled
them down. To her great embarrassment, Esmeralda started salivating at the huge
pop tent in her brother's boxers. "Oh my God Carlos, you could camp elephants
under that tent" his sister gasped.

	"Ant it don't you bitch, you want to suck your brother's dick don't you
slut?" Kelly inquired, amused by the shame in Esmeralda's eyes.

	"Yes" the simple answer escaping her lips before she could stop it,
leaving her to silently curse the Bundy family for forcing her to behave like a
cock hungry whore.

	"Beg your brother for his cock Tit Goddess" Kelly commanded, wanting
Esmeralda's defeat and humiliation to be complete and all consuming.

	"Oh God, I know its sin Carlos, but need to taste your dick, I want to
suck your cock more then anything I've ever wanted, I so sorry, its these
Bundy's and their evil" Esmeralda pleaded with her brother, shame and wanton
lust fighting for dominance in her eyes.

	Esmeralda pulled her brother's boxer's down, moaning with desire as she
saw his cock, hard from watching her begging for his heavy tool.

	Esmeralda took along sniff, burning the smell of her brothers cock into
her mind for all time. She then took a long slow lick of her brother's cock,
almost purring at not only her first taste of her brother's cock, but a her
first taste of cock period.

	The beautiful Hispanic woman tried not to drool as she took her brother
in hand, stroking her hot cock in her hand. Finally she could take no more,
slipping the head of cock between her hungry lips.

	Esmeralda's head was a blur of passion as her lowered her head down her
brother's shaft with every bob of her head, cumming when she had the whole thing
down her throat. Her throat tensed around his cock, as his sister creamed from
blowing him.

	Esmeralda sucked his cock with animal savagery, thirty for his sperm in
a way that a man dying in a dessert was thirsty for water. She couldn't live
without it.

	

	Carlos' self control was dissolving fast under the hot wet assault of
his sister's mouth on his throbbing manhood, so Kelly had Officer Dan uncuff him
so he could fuck his sister's face property.

	Carlos mad with lust now, grabbed his sister by the hair and started
raping her face as hard as he could, violating her throat in the most demeaning
ways her could find. "You fucking whore, with tits like yours I should knew all
you were good for is fucking, now suck my dick like a good piece of ass" Carlos
told his sister cruel, having joined the dark side, along with Bud.

	"I want anyone to see what a fuck toy you are bitch" he told his sister,
playing his dick out her mouth so he hose her beautiful face with his creamy
white sperm. Having her brother's cum on her face just made Esmeralda all the
more beautiful.

	Carlos pushed his sister onto her ass and knelt between the terrified
girls legs. Carlos had always protected Esmeralda, but she could tell he was
about to rape her. "No please, taking you in my mouth was one thing,
but....Ahhhh oh my God your going split in half with that thing?" Esmeralda
screamed as her brother stabbed his cock into her filling her up with beef.

	"Oh, oh, oh m, oh yes fuck me Carlos, show me that I'm just fuck toy"
Esmeralda begged her mind overwhelmed by the cock violating her tight cunt.

	Esmeralda whimper powerless as he brother fucked her senselessly, making
her cum time again on her cock, the megagasms enrapturing her in a way that her
God never could.

	Esmeralda submissively stared into her brother's eyes as he used her
like a common whore, although as far as looks and fucks go she was anything, but
common.

	"Carlos, your cock feels so good inside me, I love my brother's cock, oh
God we should done this years ago" Esmeralda whimpered, her will breaking in the
face of the cruel, brutal fucking her brother was giving her, finally seeing the
hot slut for the tight wet cunt and big tits that she was.

	"Please big brother treat like a whore, I want you treat me like I'm
nothing, but fuck meat from now on" Esmeralda told her brother as she looked him
in the eyes so he'd know she meant it.

	Carlos' fingers sunk roughly into his sister's enchanting tit meat as
grabbed a hold, sending blissful agony tearing through mammaries, as fiery bolts
of hot white sperm blasted her tight young cunt sheath, making her cum one last
time. Esmeralda was having her greatest spiritual experience from being filled
with her brother's hot jizz, a blissful enrapturement that Christianity could
never compete with.

	"Holy crap, that 220 gasm of orgasmic energy" Bud declared, having taken
the rape of Esmeralda by her formally loving brother as an opportunity to test
his new toy, an orgas-o-meter, which measured female climaxes in units called
gasms. It looked like speed radar the cops and sometime batting cages used.  

	Carlos was far from done with his bemoaning slut of a sister, as Officer
Dan handed him a dildo he'd crossed with on of his stun guns.

	Carlos could tell was it was from the metal bolts protruding from the
head, but he was passed caring, getting hard again at the though of making his
sister fuck herself with it vigorously.

	"Fuck your self with and tell me how much you like it cunt" Carlos
whispered into his sister's ear as he bent down to hand the nun, the stun gun
dildo.

	Esmeralda could tell from the twin metal studs on the head that this was
going hurt, even if she didn't know exactly what it was, aside from being a
dildo of course.

	

	Esmeralda started off teasing her long pointy nipples, moving it around
in ever widening spiral, till she was circling the entire swell of her giant
breasts.

	This was making her wet, especial the fact that was in front of such a
huge crowd, but Esmeralda knew a menacing look from her brother that it was time
pull the trigger and see what this puppy was capable of.

	Esmeralda pressed the cock head of the dildo hard into her soft tit
meat, right other dark brown nipple, looked her brother right in the eyes that
bespoke of betrayal, and pull the trigger.

	The pain as too incredible to allow her to scream.  Agony rushed through
the nun's heavy breast like a damn breaking, swamping out everything, but the
paingasm her inhuman torment triggered, the pleasure of the mind bending
paingasm blending with hellish agony in her soft mammary, leaving the horrified
nun yearning for more, leaving her sicken at the thought of what Bud had turned
her and her brother into.

	Hell would be sending Bud back, that one was too evil a prick even for
that place Esmeralda decided.

	turning to her other tender tit, Esmeralda hesitated, building up the
anticipation in the room, the sexual nerve wracking tension to its peak before
moaning with utter lust and pulling the trigger, this time a scream managing to
forced its way free of the nun's cock swallowing throat.

	Esmeralda's hand moved slowly up and down her body, cupping her giant
left tit, before travelling back down again, while the growing slut teased her
clit the stun gun dildo, looking fearfully into her brother's eyes, before
pressing the trigger.

	Agony flayed both Esmeralda's clit and her soul alive, the pain not only
triggering a paingasm with power of a large earthquake, but it also caused the
lovely Hispanic fuck slut to piss her, to the amusement of the crowd, not to
mention her eternal humiliation.

	Esmeralda moaned and licked her lips teasing, entering the dildo into
the wet welcoming depths for the first time, having never masturbated before,
believing it be a sin.

	Esmeralda fucked herself with slow steady strokes, speeding up as time
went by, arching her back as moaned in pleasure, gabbing her tits with her free
hand squeezing first one, then the other hard, driving herself to an old
fashioned G-spot orgasm.

	Esmeralda whimpered as she approach her point of eternal slutty rapture,
her whimpering turning into whorish declaration of debased and depraved
slutifaction as it hit, taking up on high in an almost spiritual rapture of the
multigasmic type.

	?Fuck! I such a slutty whore, big pair of tits born to worship cock and
pussy, thank master for raping me and teaching me that I'm nothing but a whore
whose only reason to exist is serve cock?? Esmeralda screamed, delirious in her
depraved rapture.

	Esmeralda pulled the cum soak stud gun dildo out of her with messy plop
sound, before sucking it clean, gazing up at her brother with fuck eyes.

	Buddy could take no more, bending his sister over the stage, ignore her
complaints and missed kicks.

	Bud rubbed his dick against Kelly's wet, slit, her complaints mixing
with deep moans of lust.

	Bud smack Kelly's ass for resisting, till bitch was nice hot for him,
impaling her on his giant dick when Kelly started sobbing, no longer offering
any resistance to her brother's cock.

	Kelly stopped crying as Bud got into rhythm, fucking her with deep fast
strokes, her tears turning into moans of joy as her tight young cunt slurped
thirstily at her brother's well hung cock.

	

	Meanwhile, Esmeralda's brother had pressed against the floor, looking
over her shoulder at her brother who was rubbing his dry dick against her
equally dry brown chute.

	Esmeralda bit her lip gently as her brother thrust his way into her ass
savagely, slamming his dick, not only all the way in a single thrust, but at an
angle that would ensure as much agony as possible to his lovely sister, as he
raped her sweet ass.

	Esmeralda, lost in her greed for pain, started tearfully begging her
brother to rape and defile her with greater cruelty, to make her his bitch, all
in Spanish.

	Carlos had never fucked anything as hot and tight as his sister's
beautiful ass, riding her bum rough and fast, getting off on agony it most be
causing ravishing sister and knew the slut loved every minute.

	Esmeralda bit down gently down on her shoulder as she started to cum,
her assgasm wrecking havoc with her mind, it was too much pleasure thing were
going blurry and dark.

	Esmeralda was worried that she might be dying when Jesus she'd to appear
out of no where.

	?Jesus, are here save me?? Esmeralda asked hopeful while her brother's
cock continued plowing into beautiful bottom.

	Jesus, Alex Jackson, as they called him at the metal hospital, pulled
his cock free from robes and offered it to Esmeralda mouth.

	 "You're nothing, but a huge pair tits, or at least your tits only part,
besides your holes, that matters, you've been chosen to be a fuck toy for every
guy you wants you, your new God is cock, are ready to worship you worthless cum
slut?? Jesus answered, asking a question in return, while rubbing his dick all
over Esmeralda lips.

	?Oh God yes, I accept my place as fuck toy, and accept that the only
parts of me that matter are my wet holes, and huge fuck tits Jesus, please can I
take your flesh sword between my lips, I dying to have my tongue baptized by
your sperm, I promise to swallow every drop? Esmeralda grovel like busty tart,
which was what she was.

	Getting Jesus' approval, Esmeralda smiled, realizing the only part Jesus
she cared about now was his hard cock, which she expertly slipped between her
lips, stuffing him greedily into her mouth in a race to see how fast she could
get him down her throat.

	Kelly was on all four now, not far from Esmeralda, getting smacked in
the face by hard cock, but still refusing to out her mouth, while brother plowed
deeply into the blond slut tight wet snatch.

	Bud spanked his sister's beautiful white bum, just as he felt she was
close to cumming, propelling the blond fuck toy into orgasmic bliss.

	Kelly screamed out from her raw, powerful, all consuming multigasm,
leaving a target for Gus' dick, the friend of Bud shoving his dick between
Sweeter Meat's lips, grabbed her blond hair and using it to raped the busty
bitches face brutally.

	?This is my revenge for all the cock teasing bitch, that right you
fucking whore, suck my dick, it what you snobby big titted sluts were built for?
Gus growled as his cock plunged the depths of Kelly's throat, his pubic hair
tickling her nose when even he buried his entire cock in her throat on every
thrust.

	Ahmed, got under Kelly, suckling on one of her big tits, drinking up the
cheap whore's milk, as his cock joined Bud's in brutalizing Kelly's narrow hole.

	Kelly screamed around Gus' cock at the massive intrusion, her dripping
wet snatch filled more cock than Kelly could stand. It was about get worse for
Sweater Meat.

	

	Ahmed pulled the pliers from his pocket and went to work on Kelly's long
pointed nipple, tugging hard enough on Sweater Meat's nipples that whole new
screaming of agony were elicited from the Bundy slut.

	The agony in her tits drove Kelly to fuck and suck harder, the the titty
torture turning Kelly on so much, that all resistance to being a fuck toy for
all men, evaporated.

	Esmeralda remember hearing the myths of nun's who were made to by Jesus
realized that being fuck meat, a wet hole for those in need was her sacred duty,
one's never forsake again she told herself as she slipped Jesus' cock to her
dick worshipping mouth.

	Still the hispanic slut almost bolted when she felt a dog, good old Buck
Bundy, jump up on her back and press ho's big hot dick against her asshole, but
Jesus held here there by grabbing her luxurious raven black hair, using it to
guide Esmeralda's mouth as he forced his cock in and out of her young throat.

	?Slut Goddess, never again are you to with hold your holes, if you
understand your place as a fuck toy for the beasts of the earth, prove it by
guiding the dog's dick into your ass? Jesus told the gorgeous hispanic
 pair of tits.

	Esmeralda was horrified, it was dog after all, but Jesus told her too,
so she took Buck's cock and aim it right her asshole, so the Buck could slam his
dick right into her brown chute on the first thrust, the agony so unbearable,
the she almost bit down on Jesus, getting a hard smack in the face with his dick
for her sins, before he started raping the lovely nun's face again.

	Buddy smiled gleefully as the sight of the stunning Hispanic nun,
sucking away with religious fever, on ?Jesus? throbbing cock, while the slut
took it up the ass from Buck. ?Good dog Buck, teach the fucking busty fuck slut
that's your bitch boy? Bud shouted, to cheers of agreement from the crowd
watching the nun being defiled.

	As Bud raped Kelly's tight young cunt, his cock slick with her juices as
he pumped in and out of her, he wished he could thank her for calling up Jesus
on his outpatient day, but her mouth was too busy sucking on her daddy's to
reply, the hot slut slurping greedily, if unwilling, on her father's cock, Gus'
sperm now dripping from her pretty face.

	Bud and Ahmed picked up the pace, seeing if they could make Kelly cum
one last time before filling the tight bitch with hot sperm.

	Kelly took the cocks pounding at her cock and her daddy's dick raping
her throat greedily, finally broken in for good, realizing she was Bud property
now, his slave, a human blow up doll for men, that was all she would ever be,
pleasuring cock, any cock, even dog or horse cock, was all that mattered now.

	An orgasm ripped through the soul of the shattered and enslaved slut,
cementing her acceptance of her sperm bucket status. Ahmed pulled hard on
Kelly's nipples with his pliers, intensifying her pleasure with pain, milk
squirting in his face as a result.

	It was a close call, with spunk splashing up against the walls of
Kelly's tight cunt, the duo raping Bud's sister till the last drop was drained,
before pulling out and moving onto Kelly's asshole, making the blond fuck toy
scream around her daddy's cock, which was buried so deeply down his pumpkin's
throat, that her scream vibrated his whole cock. 

	Kelly had accepted her new role as existing only to slate the lusts of
men so much, she actually wiggled her ass so the guys would be buried in her
butt up to the hilt despite the supreme agony it caused, even relishing the pain
because it was caused by cock.

	

	Al Bundy, pulled his dick free of Kelly's wet mouth, painting his
daughter's beautiful face with her daddy's sperm, the blond whore thanking her
daddy for using her as his sperm bucket.

	Esmeralda was jerking Jesus off during the same moment, hoping she'd be
the next slut to be used as a sperm bucket, purring with joy as an awesome tidal
wave of sperm escaped his cock to hose the nun's face down  with salty nut
butter.

	This left Esmeralda free to focus on the dog butt fucking her brains
out. ?Oh God, oh God, OH MY FUCKING GOD? Esmeralda screamed at the top of her
lungs as she assgasmed, the dog's pounding his dicks way up her ass all the
fucking way to the dog fucking slut's bowels.

	As the dog shot his load into her ass, Esmeralda flopped tits first to
the floor in utter subjugation, her tits smacking meatily as they made contact
with the stage.

	It was Kelly turn to take a galleon of sperm up her bum, Bud and Ahmed's
sticky spunk, coating the blond slut's bowels as she assgasmed one last time,
while she sucked on Griffith's sweaty balls, savoring the musky scent and taste.

	?Bud Bundy?? Bud heard his girlfriend Amber shout. Bud instinctively
wiped his dick clean on Kelly's hot ass before putting his flesh sword away.

	?Look Amber I can explain...? Bud started, but quickly trailed off, at a
loss for words.

	?Don't start Bud, I was in the ladies washroom the whole time, I got
here before you did to ask your sister for her opinion on your birthday present,
I saw you raping that hot nun till she was your willing fuck toy, I saw you
raping Kelly, your own sister, till she broke, becoming a willing sperm bucket,
and all have to say to a disgusting adulterous rapist like you, is that it was
hottest thing I have ever seen, oh God Bud I know it's wrong to get wet from
seeing other women raped, but I swear to you Bud, my panties are just soaked
Amber admitted, kissing Bud hungrily afterwards.

	?See what I got you for birthday?" Amber asked as she shook her tits,
her new massive tits, at Bud through her tank top.

	It was a weeks before his birthday, but looking at his girlfriend's new
hooters, Bud was glad he didn't have to wait.

	Amber yanked up her top, getting huge thrill from exposing her enormous
new tits to the gathered losers, getting off on the fact that they her only as
her sweater meat and nothing else. She felt bad about it, but being sexually
objectified by men made hot.

	As Bud grabbed two firm handfuls of Amber's new tits, he remarked on how
pillowy soft they were, before diving into the twin oceans of mam meat.

	Amber moaned throatily as Bud feasted on her jugs in public. ? Bud,
master, can I suck Kelly's shit off your dick, I promise to be your slut queen,
I rape the men, I'll help rape the women, and we'll turn this town into a pile
of quivering cum slut?? Amber offering as rapidly spiraled towards an explosive
titgasm.

	Bud signalled his agreement by suckling Amber to a screaming
multititgasm, that milk squirting into his mouth like titty cum.

	Bud straightened up once Amber was finished, wearing his milk mustache
like a badge of pride.

	Amber graceful dropped to her knees before Bud like a good Slut Queen,
taking a good long sniff of Bud's cock, before lapping the cum and shit off it
with a smile on her face.

	?Kelly, or Sweater Meat I should say, you fucking sperm bucket, get over
here and eat you mistress' pussy? Bud ordered his sister, who crawled over to
Amber submissively.

	

	Kelly sniffed Amber's wet pussy, having never eaten out another woman
before, Kelly was a little timid, but feared her owner would punish her big
titties again with the stun guns if she didn't make Amber cum, so she slipped a
couple of fingers into Amber tight cunt, sawing in and out of her rapidly, while
her tongue became a whirlwind of clitty licking passion.

	Bud in turn ordered Esmeralda to lick the sperm from Kelly's ass and
pussy, the busty nun obeying like a good slave slut, placing her mouth around
the brown pucker of Kelly's ass, licking and sucking away, drinking both the
sperm and the booty juice like a fantatic.

	Amber was deepthroating Bud, an activity she dearly loved, when she
shoved a finger up Bud's ass, making him shoot his creaming load down her sperm
swallowing mouth.

	Bud wiped his dick off on his girlfriend's new rack, smacking her soft
mam meat with heavy cock, watching jiggle as he did so.			

	?That right you worthless bitch, suck my cunt, make me cum, it's all
your good for isn't Kelly? Amber demanded, reaching behind, to grab a hold of
Kelly's hair, to help Amber grind her dripping wet snatch into Kelly's face.

	Kelly did the something to Esmeralda, minus the humiliating speech, she
had a wet pussy in her face after all, grinding the Hispanic whore's beautiful
face into her waxed bald pussy.

	Bud wrapped Amber's soft tits around his big hard dick, the Slut Queen
purring as her master's dick disappeared into her mam meat.

	Kelly's tongue dived deeply into the depth's of Amber's wet cunt, only
to emerge to tongue Amber's slut button, Kelly's tongue moving rapidly back and
forth across the Slut Queen's clit, before back into the tasty depth's of
Amber's wet cunt, starting the cycle all over again.

	Amber hot, tight, young, pussy trapped Kelly's tongue within, almost
crushing the life from it as the Slut Queen creamed double, pussy juice
squirting into Kelly's face like a lesbian money shot, while her massive gravity
defying hooters squirted titty milk at Bud's belly, as a first class titgasm
erupted in the depths of her mam meat.

	Kelly was the next to cum, thank to Esmeralda shoving her fist up
Kelly's now clean ass, while her mouth moved onto hoover the hot salty sperm and
cunt sauce from Kelly's tight slit.

	Kelly's lower holes exploded with an array of colourful orgasmic
pleasures, they left her panting, exhausted on the edge of consciousness.

	Bud was last, but for from least the lucky bastard, as dick glided along
Amber's smooth tit skin, a few dozen more times, ending the tit fuck with a
gooey storm of hot white jizz, the creamy guy juice, giving Amber a new pearl
necklace to got all with her spunk covered tits.

	Amber moved away from Bud and Kelly, wearing Bud sperm proudly, telling
her boyfriend ?I'm going to prove how much I love you Bud Bundy and how much I
meant my promise to be your Slut Queen by showing how big a slut I am, by
fucking not only your dog Buck, but every dog here, plus the tiger one of the
strippers in the back rides.?

	Bud watch in amazement as Buck mounted his girlfriend, the little slut
guiding Buck hard cock into her dripping wet snatch, Amber looking up into Bud's
eyes adoringly as fucked his dog.

	Kelly and Esmeralda were forced on stage, both cum sluts to defeated to
resist as two more dogs were brought forwards, one a German Shepard, the other,
a pit bull.

	Kelly sobbed silently as the German Shepard entered her with a forceful
thrust, his cock pounding away at her tight pussy with a vengeance, making the
human sperm bucket breath heavily with deep seated pleasure.

	

	Esmeralda was begging the pit bull to raped her hard and rough in
Spanish, whimpering in shame and pleasure as the dog violated the nun's hot
young pussy, with savage, animalistic fury.

	Kelly's, Esmeralda's, and Amber's ginormous knockers to smacked against
each other with a thunderous crack, with every thrust the dog's made into their
tiny, narrow pussies.

	Bud called for three more dogs, for the girls to blow, while the first
three fucked them silly, when who finally showed up, but none other than the
Bundy MILF herself, Peggy.

	Peggy's eye went wide at the sight of three young, beautiful women
fucking dogs, while each grabbed a hold of a second dog cock, slipping it
between their lips in order to deepthroat the beasts.

	Peggy wisely tied to flee, but it was too late, brawny men, dragged her
kicking and screaming before son.

	"Bud, about last time, sorry about the dildo, I you would have preferred
be the top instead of the bottom, but I stopped letting guys in since your were
born, you understand right?? a terrified Peggy Bundy explained.

	?What do we call this one Bud, the busty bitch needs her slave name the
owner of the Jiggly room asked.

	milk Melons Bud decided, ignoring his Mother's pleas for mercy, her
cries of she was his mother, and her apologizes for raping his bum.

	It was payback time.  Bud grabbed his mom's spandex tiger print top and
ripped apart, her huge milk filled tits, the biggest Bud had seen yet, burst
freeing to Bud's waiting hands.

	?Bitch this is how things are going to work from now on, your going to
be that one fucked in the ass, not only that but your forbidden from denying
anyone the use of your body, you're a free whore from now on, and when were at
home, instead of watch talk shows and eating bonbons all day, you'll kneel on
the bathroom tiles, open you mouth, and be the toilet in case someone needs to
go? Bud told him mother as he pushed her onto her back, strange hands removing
the rest of her clothing, before exploring her whole body, especially her
ginormous jugs.

	Bud knelt between his mother's legs and with a powerful thrust, powered
by years of poor mothering, rammed his entire cock into his hot mother all the
way to the hilt, making her gigantic tits bounce and quiver.

	Oh God your tight mom, you no idea how love I've dreamed of this day?
Bud told his mother as he started fucking her, the slut whimpering in shock,
humiliation, and worst of all pleasure as her son gave her the fucking she'd
been missing for years.

	?Oh Bud, this is...isn't...isn't right...don't stop Bud fuck your mommy,
shove the big cock into mommy and show her what her cunt for?? Peggy screamed,
her years of smoldering pent up lust, weakening the walls of her resistance.

	Bud waked delighted as his mother's huge tits bounced shook with every
thrust. Looking into his mother eyes, Bud saw defeat, shame, and lust in them
and in that moment he knew he owned her, knew that despite her fearsome rep, his
mother was another busty ho, waiting me mastered by his big dick.

	All over the Jiggle room it was chaos. The beautiful strippers that were
hiding back stage in fear, were being pulled, and clothes ripped off, and raped
by the legions of horny men filling the jiggly room.

	Soon their wasn't a single stripper in the whole club wasn't impaled a
cock, most more than one, whimpering with pleasure and begging for mercy or help
that would never come.

	

	Bud would never settle until ever cock teasing bitch was raped and
fucking into submission, fed his dick until she creamed upon her master's cock.

	Dog sperm coated Amber's tongue and the wall's to her pussy, as it did
the tongues and pussies of Kelly and Esmeralda, but Amber wasn't finished as the
owner lead a horny tiger out to meet her.

	Amber looked across the room at all the pretty women across the room,
whimpering, screaming, cumming, and being forced to beg for in wonder. She was
distracted from the show before her, by the dangerous cat pounced on her back
and pressed it's cock against her bald wet pussy. The big cat knew the smell
well, it had many different owners before, all big breasted stripper, and in the
end the cat would end up raping them, which meant the cat was quickly sold soon
after, or in some cases not so soon.

	The big cat should it's prickly dick deep inside Amber, not pussy
footing for a second as the big pussy plowed Amber's tight little pussy savage,
not caring an once whether she wanted to fucked or not.

	Bud soul kissed his mother as his cock pumped into his mother tight cunt
rapidly, his chest pressed to her ample chest.

	Bud's hands slipped between their hot slippery bodies, play with his
mother's mammaries, squeezing them so fucking hard that, milk squirted out,
soaking their chests and Bud's fingers.

	Peggy bit down on Bud's shoulder to muffle her screams as climax, her
multigasm causing her to leave long scratches along Bud's back.

	Bud fucked his mother harder, trying maximize her pleasure, which his
balls decides to unload, shooting as much sperm into his mother as his balls
could produce, his mom too tight to prevent cumming any longer.

	Bud fell a sleep on top of his mom, his cock still wedged inside her,
his head on one of her massive pillowy melons, as he watched the tiger fill his
girlfriend with sperm, before he drifted off.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





