BDSM Library - Angel's Abduction




Angel's Abduction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Teenage girl gets abducted by aliens and graphically tortured.
Angel's Abduction

**Warning!**
This alien abduction story some pretty graphic torture.  The author does not
condone this.  Read at your own risk.

I-95 was a long stretch of highway in rural Nevada, and this late at night, 17
year old Angel had the road to herself.  She lit up a cigarette, pushed in her
Blink 182 cassette and set the cruise control to 80.  It was midnight before she
had been able to sneak out of her bedroom window, let the car silently roll down
the driveway in neutral, and start out for her boyfriend's house an hour away. 
If her parents knew she had snuck out they would kill her.  But they had gone to
bed at ten and they were sound sleepers, usually not rising until eight or nine
on the weekends.  She would leave to come back at 5am and sneak back in through
her bedroom window and they would never know the difference.

 Angel had prepared herself carefully before leaving, brushing out her
shoulder-length blonde hair until it glowed, applying eyeliner and mascara with
a heavy hand, and painting her favorite cherry red lipstick over her full lips. 
She dressed in the tight faded-out jeans that her mother abhorred and a red
halter top that showed off her summer tan and 34D breasts to perfection.  A
spritz of Tommy Girl and she was feeling pretty sexy.  She knew she looked good
behind the wheel of her dad's red Corvette.  Too bad it was dark and no one
could see her in it, she thought.   She reached out to turn up the volume of the
radio and sighed happily, feeling the freedom of the road.

A brilliant moon lit the cloudless sky and shadowed the barren landscape but
Angel was oblivious to the beauty of the desert, instead thinking of what she
and Jason would do when she arrived.  They would only have an hour or so for
lovemaking, then she would have to catch a couple hours sleep before driving
back.  Tonight she planned to give him a blowjob.  He had been pressuring her
for weeks to do it, but she hadn't had the nerve.  She had never gone down on a
guy before and frankly the thought disgusted her, even though Jason had eaten
her out many times.  Girls were different though, she thought, they looked good,
smelled good, and probably tasted good.  Guys on the other hand, at least their
genitals, were ugly, sometimes smelled bad, and their cum was all sticky and
gooey and it just spurted out, gallons of it.  No, she wouldn't swallow tonight,
she decided, just kiss it and lick it a little and when he came, she would pull
off. 

A flash of light high in the sky captured her attention.  A shooting star, she
thought, how pretty.  The star glowed as it slowly descended through the sky. 
Wow, it looks like it's going to fall right near here, she thought.  The star
came closer and closer, and Angel slowed down to watch.  It wasn't falling very
fast - WAS it a shooting star?  Or something else? 

"Holy shit!" she exclaimed out loud as she brought the car to a stop.  She sat
behind the wheel in wonderment - this was no shooting star, it was a UFO!  And
it was coming this way!  "Hot damn!" she muttered. 

The light in the sky had grown larger and larger as it descended and came to
hover directly over the highway.  She couldn't make out a form behind the
object, it was just a big glowing ball.  About the size of a house, and it must
be about a mile up ahead, she estimated.

"Shit...shit...shit..." she said over and over.  What am I going to do, she
thought, there's no way in hell I'm driving up through that.  She decided she
better get the hell out of there, and quick.  She put her hand on the gear stick
to shift into reverse and discovered the engine had stopped running. 

"FUCK!!" she exclaimed.  The light from the orb began to extend and it glowed
more and more brightly.  She turned the key in the ignition but it wouldn't
spark. 

"Crap!" She tried again, nothing.  The light was spreading, coming closer.  Soon
it would envelope the car.  She twisted the key over and over in a panic, to no
avail. 

"You're a fucking piece of shit," she said to the car.  She banged on the wheel
in frustration, then looked up to see the glowing light coming closer.  Five
hundred yards, three hundred, now a hundred yards ahead.  Fuck this, she
thought, deciding to make a run for it.  Angel yanked on the door handle and
stumbled out of the car. 

"Ooommph," she muttered as a clunky heel caught on the door frame causing her to
stumble and spill onto the ground face-first.  Suddenly she was engulfed by a
blinding light.  She raised her eyes and blinked - she was surrounded by little
green men, hundreds of them.  She fainted and remained on the ground,
unconscious.  Several of the green men picked up her limp form and they all
disappeared.

---

Angel awoke with a start to find herself face-up, naked and spread-eagle in some
kind of gleaming contraption which went in all directions.  Her torso rested on
a narrow bench.  She felt tight bands surrounding her head and neck which was
tilted back a little lower than her body resting on a hard surface.  Her arms
were outstretched to each side with her wrists and hands encased in metallic
bands, and her legs were drawn up with her calves and ankles bound by more
metallic bands and her feet resting and bound into wide stirrups.  She moved her
eyes around and saw nothing but a blank whiteness.  It was as if she and the
contraption were floating in mid-air.  She had a horrible headache and it was
freezing cold.  Her numb body was covered in goosebumps. 

Her brain felt foggy; she didn't know who she was or how she had gotten here, or
how long she had been here, yet she was afraid, very afraid.  She tried to cry
out, but it was as if her vocal cords had stopped working and nothing came out. 
Furthermore, she discovered her mouth was already open, her lower jaw forced
back by a clamp connecting from her lower teeth and chin to the collar around
her neck.  She couldn't move a muscle.

She heard a low buzzing sound and felt a presence behind her head.  She rolled
her eyes up but couldn't see anything.

The little green man behind her held a slim box like a remote control in his
hand.  He touched a place on the box and the band around Angel's head bloomed
with a dozen 6" spikes around its circumference.  He touched the box again and
the spikes began to rotate. 

Angel tried to scream as she felt the spikes begin to drill into her head. 
Tears formed in her eyes and she saw a slender wand held by long green fingers
appear.  It touched each tear duct and sucked the tears away.  The spikes
continued to rotate into her head and she felt what had to be blood trickle down
her forehead before it too was vaccumed by the wand.   She passed out from the
pain.

The green man behind her head touched another place on the box and the band
around her head glowed and Angel's eyes popped open and bulged in their sockets. 
They rolled around wildly as she tried to comprehend what was happening.  She
saw herself still entrapped in the metallic contraption.  She tried to scream
but no sound came from her gaping mouth.  She began to cry again and the wand
appeared and sucked away the tears as fast as they could form.

She saw a green man appear on her right.  He was holding what appeared to be a
futuristic drill.  He pressed a button on the drill and it came to life with a
high-pitched squeal and a long grooved spike extended from its tip and began to
rotate.  He approached near her head and she tried to scream again and flexed
her muscles in an attempt to get away but couldn't move.  He placed the tip of
the spike into her open mouth and proceeded to drill a hole with the spike into
each tooth.  Her bladder released and urine streamed out of her body, quickly
vacuumed away by a third green man.  She blacked out again.

The man behind her head brought her back as he had previously while the drilling
man continued extracting samples from each tooth.  It was excruciatingly painful
and her body jumped and convulsed on the table and she passed out each time the
spike hit a nerve, each time being brought back to consciousness by the man with
the box.  When the drilling man was finished he stopped the drill and ejected
the spike into a test tube and walked away out of sight. 

Her mouth now had no feeling whatsover and Angel was glad.  Then she heard
another drill start up on her left and tried again to scream, her body bucking
wildly.  The man had reappeared and was now leaning over her and holding open
her left eyelid with two green fingers, brought the spinning spike down towards
her eyeball.  She fainted as he drilled into her pupil and extracted a sample. 
When he was done with both eyes she was revived by the man with the box and the
drilling had stopped.

She saw nothing but darkness; she was blind.  She heard the drill start up again
but she was too exhausted to even try to move this time.  She heard the drill
approaching and felt a tickling at her left ear and then the spike pierced into
it through her eardrum and extracted a sample.  The drilling seemed more muffled
now and she felt the presence move around her body and felt the tickling
sensation at her right ear before the spike entered her eardrum.  The buzzing
ceased and she was totally deaf.

The green man extracted the spike into another test tube and looked at the man
with the box who nodded.  The subject was still conscious.  He placed a longer,
thicker spike into the chamber of the drill and started it up again.  He brought
the spinning grooved rod over Angel's right nipple and pierced it directly,
extracting a sample of tissue at the base of her breast.  Her body convulsed as
the spike spun into her nipple and through her breast.  She passed out as the
spike was pulled out, only to be revived immediately.

The drilling man took up another instrument that looked something like a
chainsaw, except instead of a blade, it had a 12" long, 6" wide grooved rod
already protruding from its base.  He smeared a jelly-like substance all over
the rod before starting up the machine and moving between her spread-open legs. 
He placed the tip of the rod at the entrance to her vagina and slowly began to
insert the rod into her pussy stretching it to its limits.  He pressed a button
on the machine and it came to life.  The rod began to spin and Angel's body
jerked as the grooved rod spun itself slowly, deeper and deeper into her canal
before finally piercing her cervix and she blacked out from the pain.  The green
man extracted his sample and shut off the machine before pulling it out slowly
and moving away.  Her bleeding hole was cleaned by the vaccuming wand before she
was revived again.

The green man had ejected the rod from the machine and reloaded with another 12"
rod, this one smaller in circumference than the one used on her vagina.  He
smeared it with jelly and moved again between her legs.  Angel felt his presence
and assumed what was to come next but she was beyond caring.  Her exhausted body
was limp on the bench and her breath came rapidly.  The man placed the rod at
the entrance to her anus and started the machine.  It slowly drilled its way
into her passage deeper and deeper.  Angel's body jerked spasmodically but she
didn't pass out this time.  The green man extracted his sample and shut off the
machine before pulling it out of her bleeding anus.  He nodded at the man with
the box.  The suction man moved between her legs and vaccumed away the blood and
particles of feces that had come out with the rod and stuck to her skin.  The
man behind her head pressed a button on the box and the band around Angel's head
glowed and she slipped into unconsciousness.

---

At 3am, Jason was worried when Angel hadn't shown.  He knew she had left at
midnight; she had called him on her cell phone to tell him she was on her way. 
It was at least an hour's drive but she should have been here long before now,
he thought.  He wondered if he should contact her parents.  She would kill him
if he did that, though, if she showed up and everything was fine.  He sat down
on the couch to wait for her and promptly fell asleep.

---

At 5am someone reported to the police that an empty red Corvette was parked
slightly off I-95 with the driver's side door standing open.

---

At 5:30am Angel's parents were notified of the car and discovered Angel not in
her room, her bed still made up from the day before.  A search was started.

---

At noon, Angel's lifeless body was discovered lying face-down in a gully 100
miles to the west of where the car was found.  It was a puzzle, police said, and
the autopsy confirmed, that she hadn't been touched or harmed in any way...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





