BDSM Library - Ross' Revenge




Ross' Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Monica and Chandler have fight over Monica's new tits. Wondering if she's still hot, Monica cock teases Ross till he explodes.
                        By Omega Phallic

                               

           Ross' Revenge episode 1: Monica's new tits

     "Yah, well fuck you too!" Monica shouted back at her husband, slapping her
arms together in a weird gesture that Ross had invented to say fuck you without
actually saying it.

     Monica slammed the door to her apartment, while Chandler slammed Joey's
door. Monica tossed her purse onto the counter and tried to calm herself.

     Chandler is such an ungrateful prick.

     They'd gone to dinner together in the hopes of finally putting some zing
back into Chandler's cock, he hadn't been able to get it up in months, but
instead all they'd done was fight about Monica's new tits.

     That jackass had bitched all night about her new tits. Most men would've
been ecstatic about their beautiful wife going from a B cup to 38FF's, Chandler
kept saying he'd loved her as she was.

     Chandler was such a girl. He whined about having sex with her during an
argument. He talked her out of fucking him in a public bathroom. Monica was
seriously wondering if Chandler was gay and not for the first time. He could
stay at his Joey's tonight.  It'd give him time to think about what a huge wuss
he was.

     The whiner had even complained about the way she'd gotten the money to get
her new tits in the first place.

     Monica had borrowed a large sum of money from Joey, as had Chandler, in
order to pay the bills which had been piling up since Chandler has quit his job.

     Joey tried to hide that Monica had borrowed money from him by telling
Chandler that the money was for implants.

     When things had been cleared up Joey seemed so disappointed that Monica
decided what the hell and agreed on the condition that the money was a gift and
not a loan.

     Monica figured that since Chandler was having erection problems, this would
help. Instead he stopped getting hard completely.

     He blamed this on her new tits, even though the problem had arisen before,
if not as often. He made it clear that he believed she was going to leave him
for someone who could give her the child she'd always dreamed.

     Someone with proven virility, someone who'd offered to marry her in the
past, someone named Richard.

     In the hopes of changing all that she'd gotten into a tight black dress the
shows off an impressive amount of cleavage and had treated her husband to an
amazing dinner at a local Italian place.

     Instead he whined about her dress all fucking night and told her he wasn't
in the mood on the trip home.

     Monica was looking more ravishing than she'd ever been and yet he still
couldn't or wouldn't get it up for her.

     "I'm a hot piece of ass so what the hell is wrong with him" Monica
declared, pissed off and offend. "After all why else wouldn't he want me?"
Monica asked herself, suddenly feeling very self conscious.

     Ross entered, interrupting Monica's thoughts. "Hey Mon, I heard about the
argument, are you all right?" Ross asked concerned. His eyes drifted briefly to
her cleavage, still not used to the new Monica, but he pulled his gaze up right
away.

     Monica noticed the look and decided to get Ross' opinion on how she looked.
Monica offered to get Ross a beer as he took a seat on the couch.

     Instead of just handing the beer to Ross like she normally would, Monica
bent over in front of him so that Ross got great view of his sister's ample
cleavage.

     Ross pushed away the uncomfortable thoughts that popped into his head,
reminding himself that Monica was his sister.

     Monica took a seat and started to explain what had happened, even telling
him about Chandler's problem.

     "Monica, look that kind of, of, problem is really hard on a guy..." Ross
started to explain, till he realized what he'd just said.

     "Am I, am I hot Ross?" Monica asked out of no where. "What?...how, how,
would I know, you're my sister..." Ross stuttered, uncomfortable with the
question.

     Seeing how uncomfortable Ross was with the question, Monica decided to
attack the issue from another angle. She'd just have to get him to look at her
differently.

     "I've had really rough day Ross, you wouldn't mind giving me a massage
would you?" Monica asked sweetly.

     "What, oh, yah, yah, sure no problem, you've been having a hard time
lately?" Ross replied affectionately.

     Ross went behind Monica and placed his hands on her shoulders. It was then,
as he started massaging his sisters shoulders, that he looked down. What greeted
his eyes was the most perfect view of Monica's ample cleavage imaginable.

     Ross had a sharp intake of breath at he gazed down the front of his
sister's dress at her heavenly globes. No matter how hard he tried, Ross just
couldn't peel his eyes away from his Monica's tits.

     Monica smirked proudly as she followed her brother's gaze to her huge tits.
Oh yah, I still got it.

     "Here Ross, let me get these straps off my shoulders, they must be getting
in your way" Monica observed, pushing the straps off her shoulders.

     "Oh, all...all right Mon, if you want" Ross muttered, his voice cracking.
It was then that Monica decided to press Ross for an honest answer. Monica just
had to know if she was still hot.

     "Ooooohhhh, Rooossss, that feels sssoooooo good" Monica moaned, the sounds
making Ross sweat uncomfortably, but he gave it no thought as he'd grown up with
Monica and was familiar with sex noises she made when she was getting a massage.

     Monica, ever so gently tugged on her dress, unseen by Ross, so that slowly,
inch by inch more and more cleavage was exposed.

     "Back to what we were talking about earlier Ross, am I hot?" Monica asked.
Ross swallowed loudly, uncertain how answer such a loaded question.

     Ross sat down on the nearby chair, thinking about how he could best avoid
this uncomfortably line of questioning, but coming up with shit all.

     "Well...well, I ah...I...." Ross muttered, rendered speechless by the
question. "Come on Ross, pretend I'm not your sister, just some slut you saw in
a magazine" Monica suggested.

      "Your...your hot" Ross admitted, the beer he had earlier freeing his
tongue. Monica sighed. "Your just saying that because you're my brother." Ross
shook his head, denying her accusation.

     "Monica I don't think that this talking like this is such a good idea,
you're my sister after all" Ross explain nervously, guzzling his second beer.

      "Oh, that's great, you think I'm a total dog, don't you?" Monica asked
upset, tears springing up in her eyes.

     "No...no absolutely not, oh, what the hell!" Ross muttered.

     Ross had never looked at Monica from any perspective over than as her
brother, but he tried to set that aside as he drank down his third beer.

     "Well you do have great legs, and...and a great ass, and those are the best
tits I've ever seen, you've got a beautiful face, with lips that would look
great wrapped around my cock...I mean a cock...I mean..." Ross stuttered,
embarrassed at his frank appraisal.

     "So even you think I've got great tits, a nice pair of huge tits, so what
the hell is Chandler's problem?". Ross was too busy trying to cover up his
statement to hear Monica's question, never mind answering it, while making sure
his gaze never dropped below Monica's neckline.

     "Ross, focus on my tits!" Monica demanded. Ross's eyes found themselves
dropping to Monica's luscious mounds almost against his will. "I told you I
don't want you to look at me like I'm your sister, just treat me like just
another hot slut, so don't hold back your comments".

     Ross gulped and managed, barely to force words from his throat. "Ah, Monica
really don't thing this is a good idea". Ross crossed his legs to hide his huge
woody, but he still couldn't take his eyes off of Monica's tits.

     The way Ross was staring at Monica's tits was getting Monica wet, but that
was nothing compared to the thrill Monica felt when she realized her brother had
a hard on for her.

     "Ross, am I so hot that I've given my own brother a boner?" Monica teased,
leaning over the coffee table to give Ross a better view. Ross carefully got up
to leave, hiding his raging hard on from his sister's view.

     "Chandler's right you have changed!" Ross shouted in horror at his sister's
behaviour. Monica gave Ross a look of disbelief. "Nothing has changed, I'm still
the same old Monica, I'm still a neat freak, still a kick ass cook, and most of
all I can still kick your sorry ass" Monica challenged Ross.                

     Something snapped in Ross. He'd had enough. He then did something Monica
would never have expected. He smacked her.

     Monica fall to the floor, more because of her high heels than the strength
of the blow, he didn't even hit her hard enough to leave a red mark. Monica
rubbed her cheek, unable to believe her brother had just smacked her.

     Monica looked up at Ross with pissed off eyes. "What the hell!?!". "You
asked me to look at you like your some slut off the streets, simply another hot
piece of ass, so that's what I'm doing" Ross answered as her knelt over Monica.

     "I've had enough cock teasing to last a life time, but no more!" Ross
declared as he grabbed Monica's soft, tender tits through Monica's skin tight
dress.

     Monica stared in amazement at Ross's hands on her magnificent tits,
realizing in hind sight that perhaps it wasn't wise to get Ross drunk, cock
tease him mercilessly to massage her own ego, tell him to look at her as just
another hot piece of ass, while wearing a stunning black dress that accentuated
her new tits.

     Monica managed to push Ross off her, flipped onto her hands & knees, and
started crawling away.

     Ross countered by grabbing Monica by the back of her dress and pulling hard
on it, ripping it right off her.

     Monica, before her argument with her husband, had planned on screwing
Chandler so she'd gone commando.

     Monica's beautiful, flawless, tits popped out, her puffy nipples getting
even harder in the cool air. Monica's firm ass was to be exposed as well, after
which Ross tossed her dress aside.

     Monica rolled over so that she leaned on one arm while she used the other
arm in a futile attempt to hide her big tits.

     "What the hell Ross?" Monica asked, looking frightened for the first time.
Monica could see after years of sexual frustration, cock teasing torments, and
being treated like shit by Rachael he'd finally snapped.

     Ross just stared as Monica's bald cunt. Monica looked to see where the
remains of her dress where thrown, seeing that it landed half way across the
room.

     "Beg to suck my cock Monica" Ross demanded, getting off the floor. Ross
pulled his cock out and it was so huge that Monica couldn't stop her jaw from
dropping. So that was why Mona had stayed so long, despite the awkward
situation.

     "Excuse me Ross? You want me to do what?" Monica asked, not believing her
own ears. "Beg to suck my cock or I'll mess up your ribbon drawer!" Ross
threatened, making it clear he wasn't bluffing. "And make it good" Ross added.

     "Nooooo! Please Ross anything, but that!" Monica cried out in despair,
visions of ribbons strewn about filling her head. Monica swore she'd get revenge
on Ross for this as tears formed in the corners of her eyes.

     Ross knew he had her, he knew she couldn't stand the thought of him
misplacing things and ruining her precious organization.

     Monica moved her arm out of the way, so that Ross got an unobstructed view
of her tits and cupped the gravity defying jugs in her hands.

     Monica knew Ross knew that she'd do almost anything to protect her ribbons
and that messing up her apartment was the cruelest, most painful thing he could
do to her, so she had no choice but to do as he said, with her ribbon as
hostages.

     Monica licked her lips sluttily and looked Ross straight in the eyes as she
started begging for cock. "Please Ross, let suck the huge tasty cock of yours, I
bet it'll be the best tasting cock I've ever had in my mouth".

     Monica tried to stop her mouth from salivating at the image, but failed.
"Please Ross, the thought of having my lips wrapped around my brother's cock
making my mouth water, please let me blow you".

     Monica looked down at her tits before looking up at Ross. "Maybe you'd like
to suck on my huge tits first? Or fuck them till you cover my tits in your hot
creamy sperm". This was driving Monica nuts, despite her best efforts not to
give Ross the satisfaction of making her wet.

     The thought of wrapping her astounding tits around Ross's massive cock till
he blew his salty load on her enormous globes made her bald cunt drool its
juices.

     Monica cursed her brother for doing this, she cursed her body for getting
turned on, and most of all she cursed her plastic surgeon for doing such amazing
job.

     "Since you lost the weight, you've teased me with that body of yours,
threaten to fuck Chandler right in front of me once even, passed around a naked
picture of yourself, and rubbed that sweet ass of yours against my cock at Dick
Clark's New Years Eve Special, well now you and every other cock teasing bitch
is going to get hers" Ross lectured as he guided his cock to his sister's warm
mouth.

     Monica opened her mouth wide, a thrill shivering down her spine despite her
disgust, as she took her own brother's cock in her skilled mouth.

     Monica didn't know what was more unbelievable, that she was being sexually
assaulted by her brother whom she'd trusted, or that his cock felt and tasted so
good in her mouth that her eyes rolled up into her head.

     Monica slurped loudly and greedily on Ross's cock, deep throating him with
an ease that came from years of practice with men.

     "Alway knew you were the town bicycle Monica, but my God your good" Ross
groaned as he fed his sister his twitching cock.

     Ross removed his cock from Monica's mouth with a loud plop. "I'll be back
in a sec, don't go any where or you'll find your ribbons strewn about wildly,
some even partly burnt" Ross warned his sexy sister.

     Ross took only a moment, but he came back with Monica's video camera and a
handful of Ribbons.

     "Hey Ross, do you really want to create evidence of you raping your own
sister, can you say jail bait?" Monica asked in her, think again you moron
voice, but Ross could tell she was bluffing.

     Monica knew full well he could edit the video any way he wanted to, using
university equipment to make it look consensual.

     "Just for that threat bitch, I'm going to torch one of your ribbons".
Monica screamed and almost cried as one of her beloved ribbons met its maker.

     Ross turned the camera on and pointed it at Monica, asking "Now do you know
your place whore or will I have to do your drawer next?".

     "No, please Ross I know my place, I'm your whore, your property, I'm nice
pair of tits!" Monica declared fearfully. "Please master, let me suck my
brother's cock, surely you'd rather make me suck that bad boy of yours dry
instead of messing with my ribbons".

     Ross just toyed with Monica's ribbons drawing out Monica's humiliation.
"Please Ross, put my ribbons down, I'll give you head of a life time, I shallow
your sperm, I love the idea of being incestuous with my brother! ..." Monica
begged, humiliating herself on camera, desperate to save her poor ribbons. Fuck,
begging for it like this is driving me wild, maybe Ross' is right about me!

     Finally Ross allowed Monica to wrap her hands around his cock, so that she
could suck him off for all she was worth.

      Monica slurped on his cock messily, Ross's smelly balls slapping against
her chin almost hard enough to bruise. Ross groaned as he forced his own sister
to feast on his hairy cock.

     Thwack, thwack, thwack, thwack, thwack, was the sound of Ross's big balls
slapping into his sister's chin.

     Monica didn't know what was worse, that Ross was forcing his own sister to
suck his dick or that this was the hottest blowjob she ever given or that her
brother's cock was the best tasting, most mouth watering cock she'd ever taken
into her mouth.

     Monica could feel Ross approaching orgasm, so she started messaging his
balls, and soon after her mouth was bobbing up and down on Ross's cock so fast
that her head was a blur.

     Oh fuck, Monica thought to herself, I think I going to cum! Monica couldn't
believe it, she was cumming just from sucking Ross's cock, she hadn't even
touched herself.

     Pussy juice started squirting from Monica's cunt and onto her beloved
carpet, while Monica's orgasmic screaming was muffled by the enormous cock
violating the deepest reaches of her throat.

     Monica shoved her finger into Ross's asshole, in the hopes it'd make him
blew his load in her mouth and finally end this nightmare.

      Monica sucked skilfully on Ross's cock, sucking on his huge cock like a
blackhole on light, she sucked so hard in fact that by the time he actually
came, Monica had swallowed a couple mouthfuls of Ross's pre-cum.

     Ross did cum though and when he did he came so hard that Monica's mouth
over filled and his seed trickled down her chin.

     Ross pulled out and a shot the rest of his creamy load on his sister's
beautiful face. He wiped his cock off on the ruined remains of Monica's dress
and than slapped her in the face with his cock a few times.

     Monica looked over at the cum stain on her rug and instantly knew it'd
never come out. "See, see what you've done, I'll never get that stain out"
Monica whined, absolutely distraught with grief at what had befallen her carpet.

     Ross was amazed. He'd just raped her and he she was more upset about a
messy carpet. His sister was a freak, but she was also that hottest piece of ass
he'd ever known, not to mention she gave the best head ever.

     Not finished raping his sister, Ross tied Monica's tits together with one
of her own ribbons and flipped Monica over onto her stomach and tying her arms
behind her.

     Ross than got behind Monica, checking out her fine ass. He smacked it
loudly, getting a yelp out of her.

     "Beg to be raped, beg to be treated like the hot piece of ass that you are"
Ross ordered his sister, delighting in her humiliation and defilement.

     "Please Ross, don't make me do this, I your sister and it's rape!" Monica
pleaded with her brother, hoping he'd put an end to the madness before it was
too late.

     Ross lit another ribbon on fire and tossed it in front of Monica to
smoulder on th carpet. "Nooooo!" Monica screamed in utter horror as she watched
it sail through the air to land on her carpet.

     Tear formed in the corner's of Monica's eyes. "Fine you bastard, you want
me to be your whore, you want your bitch, your sex toy, fine, but if I end up
having a two headed baby your raising it on your own!" Monica warned Ross.

     "Please master, fuck me, fuck me good hard, pound my pussy so hard it
hurts, fuck your hot little sister to show her that she's nothing, but your
dirty little whore Master" Monica begged loudly, saying it extremely loud in the
hopes someone would hear and call the cops.

     Ross than aimed his cock at his sister's pussy, plowing into her scornful
of her complaints. Ross raped his sister so hard she felt like she was getting a
sun burn on her firm tit flesh as they pushed back and forth on her carpets.

     Ross's cock was so huge Monica felt like she was going to be split in two
as his cock violated her almost to her very womb.

     Ross noticed Monica was starting to breath heavy, so he started pounding
his cock into her even harder and faster, like a jackhammer.

     "Holy shit Ross, you bastard, I'm going to cum, your making me cum all over
my brother's cock..." Monica cried out, shocked and disgusted with her
treacherous pussy.

     Ross was ramming into his sister so hard that the top of her head kept
banging to the coffee table.

     Ross could feel Monica's tight cunt, the tightest he'd ever had in fact,
convulse around his cock, milking him like a farmer's daughter as she came.

     Juice poured from Monica's cunt and dripped over Ross's cock to fall onto
his sweaty balls, which in turn dripped onto Monica's carpet.

     "Oh shit no!" Monica cursed as she saw the stains, but this didn't stop her
from cumming again and again and again on her brother's hard cock.                                                    

     Monica was proving to be the best fuck Ross's had ever had, not to mention
by far the loudest. "Oh, fuck oh God, oh shit, Oh my God, you killing me, rape
me hard...." Monica kept screaming out as she received the fucking of a life
time, whether she wanted it or not!

     After what seemed like an eternity it was Ross's turn to cream. He smacked
Monica's ass hard, filling his pretty sister with jizz. So much in fact that
some dripped down her leg and onto the carpet.

     "My carpet's ruined" Monica bemoaned as Ross pulled out of her with a loud
pop. He used one of Monica's pillows to wipe his cock off which earned him an
icy glare from his sister.

     "Don't worry Mon, I'll have your carpet clean, if you keep doing as your
told" Ross offered. "Or you could just stop raping me wouldn't that make more
sense?" Monica told him, with her hello you're a moron on look on her face.

     Ross angrily stormed off to grab Monica's needle nose pliers. Monica saw
them and her eyes widened in fear.

     "Ross kept those fucking things away from me!" Monica warned Ross. "Either
you thrust those big tits of yours out for punishment and beg me for it or I'll
take a shit and use your good towels to wipe my ass with!" Ross countered.

     A frustrated look crossed Monica's face. By now Monica had rolled over and
was already on her knees.

     Monica put her hands behind her head and thrust her huge tits out for
abuse. "Please Ross twist my nipples with my pliers, make it hurt as much as
possible Ross, show me what happens to cock teasing whores."

     Ross first weighed Monica's tits in his hands, mauling and playing with
them, to draw out Monica's humiliation.

     Monica's tits were most incredible pair he'd ever layed his hands on, they
were smooth and flawless, yet soft and unusually sensitive.

     Finally Ross got down to business. He took her pliers and clamped it around
one of Monica's nipples.

     Monica gasped in pain, it hurt far worse than she imagined, but worse yet
her pussy responded to the pain and humiliation.

     Ross made certain Monica was staring him in the eyes as he twisted and
tugged on Monica's nipples with her pliers.

     To Ross's surprise on a particularly hard pull, milk squirted out of
Monica's tit. Ross removed the pliers and replaced them with his own mouth,
suckling on his sister.

     He moved the pliers over to Monica's free tit, tormenting it while breast
feeding on the other. It was to much sensation for Monica to handle and she felt
another orgasmic tidal wave approach. Monica had never experienced a titgasm
before and it overwhelmed her senses, sending her mind reeling.

     "Oh fuck no not again!" Monica screamed, her juices pooling on the floor as
she creamed. Monica knew that the stains would remind her forever of this night
of rape and cum.

     "Look how hard you cum at the hands of your brother, admit it your nothing,
but cock thirsty whore!" Ross challenge Monica.

     "You hypocrite you rape you own sister repeatedly, torture her, and fill me
with so much goo I'll never be clean and yo...aaaahhhh" Monica screamed as Ross
used the pliers to twist her nipples cruelly.

     "I sorry Ross, I sorry, your so right, my cumming proves you were right to
rape me and it does prove I'm nothing but a cock worshipping cunt" Monica
offered, hoping he'd stop.

     Ross let her nipple go, but he was far from finished raping his incredibly
gorgeous sister.

     Ross pulled Monica up by her hair, ignore her cries of pain. He made her
walk onto her the balcony, bent her over the railing and treated her to a
violent violation of her asshole as he sunk his cock into her virgin asshole,
the only hole on her that he hadn't tried yet.

     Monica was a virgin when it came to anal sex, so her sphinter was totally
unprepared for the head of Ross' cock, which was forced open as Ross shoved
inch, after inch in to Monica's tiny brown chute.

     The pain was unbearable, yet Ross' cock sunk deeper and deeper into her
virgin anal sheath. Still it felt as good as it hurt, so Monica's ass pushed
back against her brother, instinctively burying him yet farther inside her bum.

     Ross, unable to hold back, started butt fucking his sister with ferocity of
a wounded boar, his cock meat violating his sister to her very soul. 

     Monica's tits swayed as she wailed, but that just inspired Ross to rape her
tight ass harder. Monica hoped the noise would attract help, but instead it
attracted horny men and a few women who cheered Ross on, seeing that Monica was
just another cock tease that needed to learn her place was impaled on her
brother dick.

     "Tell them all what kind of slut you are Mon, in detail!" Ross order his
sexy sister. "Please Ross don't make me do this Ross" Monica whimpered.

     Ross smacked Monica's bum hard, inspiring his sister to new heights of
creativity.

     "I am such a dirty slut that I even such my brother's cock, I usually put
out on the first date, assuming it gets as far as a date, and I give the worlds
best head!" Monica admitted to the crowd to her humiliation. Still she got
awfully turned on by the applause her admission got her. Monica loved being the
centre of attention.

     Ross placed the camera strategically on the railing so his hand was free to
publicly spank his sister into submission. "Tell everyone what a cum slut you
are and how much you'd loved to suck each and every one of their cocks!".

     "I'm...I'm a cum slut...a royal fucking whore, a cock teasing bitch who
needs to learn that her place is on the cock of every horny man who wishes to
use me to slate his lusts...I'd..."I'd love to suck you all dry!" Monica
screamed to her fans, her eyes watering, from the pain of Ross's spanking. Most
of Monica cursed her brother doing this to her, but a part of Monica loved the
attention she was getting.

     Ross pulled out of Monica and forced her on her knees, before making his
sister tit wank him, till he sprayed her big melon with his sticky goo.

     One of the guys, a big African American fellow, jumped up and pulled the
emergency ladder down and started helping the shorter guys up.

     Seeing an army of strange horny men climbing up the ladder, Monica nearly
pissed herself. "Ross, come on we have to get out of here" Monica pleaded with
her brother, pulling away in terror, but Ross would let go.

     Then it was too late. A fat balding black man was on the balcony, he pulled
the terrified beauty from her brother, handing Ross a crisp two dollar bill,
thinking that this was just Ross' way of selling Monica's sweet ass.

     "Oh my gawd, oh my gawd this can't be happening" Monica utter hysterically
as the strange man forced her too her knees.

     That bastard, he's pimping me out, he's really turning me into a whore, a
cheap 2 dollar whore at that! Monica's mind cried out as she saw her brother
stuff the fiver into his wallet.

     Monica started getting up to leave, but Ross whispered the most dire threat
Monica could ever imagine. "Do as your told if you ever want to see your sauce
pan again."

     "You bastard!" Monica wailed, turning to her client.

     Her hands shaking in mind numbing fear, Monica unzipped the strange man
casual pants, and pulled them and his boxer-briefs right off him. His thick man
spear popped free, smacking Monica in the face.

     Monica hesitated for moment, but took his big dick into her soft, warm
hands, fearing the if she didn't do as she was told, he might get violent.

     "Tell me how much you want it bitch" the strange commanded in a thick
gravelly voice that suggested he drank to much whisky earlier.

     Monica swallowed nervously, looking up into the stranger's eyes, thinking
of what say. Hey, wait minute this isn't some stranger, it's my accountant!
Monica failed to recognize him at first thanks the ZZ top like beard he was
wearing.

     "I bet shoving your dick down my throat was all you ever thought of while
you were doing my taxes Mr. Hegel, thinking how get it would be to have my red
lips wrapped around the base of your cock, while the shaft of your cock tickled
my tonsils, thinking how great it'd be to fuck that mouth bitch's tight cunt ,
to make her beg for your cum like walking, talking, sperm bank, I know it all I
was thinking about" Monica lied as stroked his cock with her expert hands.

     Well, it's all I'm thinking of now Monica admitted to herself, staring at
the throbbing manhood destined for her mouth.

     Precum leaked down the head of her accounts cock, dripping down her hands,
to splash down onto her giant tits which were pressed against her account's
strong hairy legs.

     The rough hair on his legs agitated Monica's soft skin on her
supersensitive tits, sending intense sensations shooting along her nerve endings
like a comets blazing a fiery trail through the heavens.

     Monica was breathing heavily as she dipped her head low, opening her mouth
wipe to slip the ebony rod twitching in her hands between her red lips and into
her cock venerating mouth.

     Monica moaned the moan of blissfully damned as the huge cock head breached
her lips and glided along her tongue to hit the back of her throat, eliciting
the eternal devotion of her taste buds along the way.

     Changing the angle of her mouth and throat with the skill of a professional
sword swallower, Monica swallowed every inch of stud sausage till her nose was
buried in sweaty pubic hair with a musky scent that left Monica's cunt weeping
with joy.

     Monica could feel the callouses on her client's hands as the slide down
from shoulders to the sides of her breasts. So skilful was his teasing that
Monica was almost sobbing with need, finally grabbing his hands and placing them
on her soft tits, encouraging him to them a hard squeeze.

     Monica hated to admit it, but the total lost of control over her own body,
being made into a plaything for others, was exposing a submission masochistic
side to herself that she'd never dreamed of.

     The sound of her clients balls slapping up against her chin was almost
musical, a sublime sound the pair well with the ambrosic taste of the cock in
her mouth.

     So focussed on the cock in her mouth, to the point were all her senses
seemed turned only to it and the hands roughly groping her tits, that Monica
failed to realize that she was surrounded by men.

     Hot cum spued forth from her account's cock like hot lava, coating her
tongue and flowing down her throat. Load after load exploded into her mouth till
it trickled out of the corner of her mouth, like a sperm vampire, leaving Monica
to wonder what made her wetter, the taste of cock or the taste of sperm.

     It was as he pulled out that Monica realized that she was surrounded by
cock, a wall of spears that she was going to have fuck, whether she liked it or
not.

     Two cocks presented them selves to her face each one smacking her
impatiently in the cheek. Monica knew from her days as a fat girl how much she
could get in her mouth, so she licked every inch of each one, delighting in the
differing flavours, before forcing both into her mouth, an inch at a time, till
they were diving deeper and deeper down her tight, cock hugging throat.

     Monica's head bobbed slowly at first, getting used to blowing two guys at
once, something she wasn't used to, but once she got the hang of it, she was
deep throating the both at a blurring pace just like the cheap whore Ross had
turned her into.

     Still two big cocks was a lot to swallow so drool dripped down the cock
meat and onto two hairy nut sacks that so reeked of maleness that they made
Monica weak in the knees.

     Seeing that her hands were still available, they were put to work beating a
pair of young men off. Monica's warm hands felt great on their throbbing members
in the crisp New York air, gliding along their shafts with a firm, but
pleasurable grip.

     Ross was taping it all, marvelling at his sister phenomenal cock sucking
skill. It was like she was born to have her lips around a dick. Monica was made
for cock and cock was made for her.

     Even Rachael who could suck the light back out of a blackhole on her off
days was nothing compared to his cock swallowing sister.

     Most women would have choked on the cum being feed his sister, from two
guys at once, but Monica swallowed it thirstily, with ability that had to be
innate as much as skill.

     Looking at Monica's unprotected ass, Ross handed the DVD recorder to some
guy and pounced on his sister's hot ass, letting her cunt cream drip onto his
cock before stuffing his dick brick up her tiny brown chute.

     Monica's cries of pain, turned moaned of pleasure within minute and it was
obvious to everyone how heard her or looked onto her face with its look of
rapture, that to Monica that dick in her ass was a slice of heaven.

     Monica tried to break her record with three cocks into her mouth and two
dicks in her hands, succeeding by the slimmest of margins.

     A little person, slipped under Monica, feeding her hungry cunt lips a big
hunk of dick meat that she'd never forget, while burying his face in Monica's
pillowy mounds joy.

     Monica had always thought that the Chiefs kitchen was her element, but she
was wrong.

     This was her element, this were she was archiving the perfection she so
often sought, becoming the vary epitome of lust, the platonic idea of a slut, a
whore Goddess incarnate, and one seriously hot piece of ass to boot.

     The guys in her mouth, pulled out to mark Monica as the fuck slut that she
was, sperm painting her face in such away as to actually enhance her already
incredible beauty.

     The guys in Monica's masterful hands joined it on the creamy fireworks,
gracing the stunning brunette a pearl necklace worthy of a Queen.

     Ross was next to hose his hot sister with a salty barrage of fuck juice,
pulling out of her defile ass, to spray her beautiful bum with her brother's
creamy guy goo.

     The little person was the only one not to pull out, waiting till Monica
multigasmed on his cock like a precision bombing campaign, one explosion after
another, each more heart stopping than the last. Finally he flooded Monica's
heavenly snatch with so much hot jizz that it trickled down her leg in an
obscene fashion.

     It was then that next group of guys took their turn, making Monica service
them with equal intensity, never letting up on the gorgeous fuck toy no matter
how many times she came or how many times she begged for mercy.

     Monica had so many orgasms that they seemed to merge into one eternal
climax, forever unending. Sperm leaked out of her yet still they came on, her
defilement caught on video for all time, her enforced addiction to cock,
especially her brother's cock, immortalized.

     Monica was made to debase and humiliate herself for the crowd amusement,
force to beg for cock till she meant it.

     When by some miracle there was no one left to be to rape poor Monica, she
was made to masturbate with a thick cucumber, the thick vegetable pumping into
her as Ross using his belt to whip her tits till her pussy juice squirted of her
as she climaxed.

     Ross left her tied to the balcony to be gawked at by strangers, till
Rachael found her and untied her. Monica told Rachael that she tied herself up
naked on the balcony as a way to tempt Chandler, but Rachael didn't buy it, but
she figured she'd get the truth in time.


                            Epilogue

                                 Monica called Ross a few days after the rape.
"Look Ross, you were drunk and I was a tease, and I know your sorry so lets
pretend this never happened, I miss my brother".

     Ross reply left Monica stunned. "Cunt, I'm only sorry I didn't rape you
before, after all you a sweet piece of ass and all your good for is fucking, but
don't worry you'll lots more of me in the future as will Rachael, Phoebe, and a
whole slew of cock teasing cunts I have a score to settle with, that night was
just the beginning, I teach you your just a plaything to be used and passed on
yet you cum drinking bitch!".

     The end till episode 2.




                        By Omega Phallic

                               

           Ross's Revenge episode 2: Milking Rachael

                               

     "Where the hell is that fucking breast pump and where the hell is Ross!"
Rachael growled, rubbing her sore overfilled tits.

     It was weird, her tits had grown a bit when she after she had Emma, but
then out of no where they seemed to grow huge over just month later.

     Still Rachael couldn't complain, her tits were just a firm and gravity
defying as usual, like warheads, and they looked better than ever.

     The problem was that she needed the breast pump a lot more or her tits
would end up in serious pain. She must have sent it with Emma to the baby sitter
by accident.

     How was she supposed to go to dinner with Ross like this. She'd put on a
glittering blue dress, that was kind of humiliating now, since her tits had
gotten so big. Tit flesh pushed out of the sides, the cleavage was almost to her
nipples, and it was so tight her hard nipples were in danger of piercing right
through the dress.

     A beautiful blue ribbon was around her neck, a from gift from Ross.

     Even though her dress was kind of embarrassing, Rachael had always been
proud of her tits and now that they were huge a part of her wanted to show them
off a bit.

     Since her tits had grown to 38FF's, she had no bras that would fit and so
she decided to go commando, no bra or panties.

     She did all this and then Ross failed to pick her up and she couldn't even
find the breast pump, it was too much for her and poor Rachael was on the verge
of tears.

     Rachael decided to hell with it and sat down. She than pulled the straps of
her dress down so her planetary sized tits could pop free.

     Rachael massaged her aching globes, trying to relieve the growing pain. It
got so bad that tears form in the corners of her eyes.

     Just than Ross barged in with a drunken Joey and Chandler, a camcorder in
his hands, aimed at her exposed tits.

     Rachael gasped as Joey and Chandler's eyes stared at her enormous exposed
tits. Rachael tried to pull the dress back up over her tits, but her orbs were
too large, it'd originally taken her an hour to get into the dress in the first
place.

     Rachael futilely tried to hide her mountainous tit with her hands, her
nipples sticking up between her fingers.

     Rachael, ignore her humiliation at being exposed, turned her attention to
Ross. "Where have you been? and more importantly were is my breast pump?"

     Ross pulled a bunch of broken parts from his pocket. "Oops!" Ross offered,
tossing them at Rachael.

     Rachael tossed it back at him angrily. "You prick, how am I supposed to get
the excess milk out of me now?"

     "You could ask Joey and Chandler to help, you know how much they love milk"
Ross suggested, looking meaningfully at her milk filled tits.

     "You sick bastard!" Rachael fired back. "It'll be a cold day in hell" she
added. Still the pain in her jugs was growing as was her desperation.

     Rachael looked at Ross with growing desperation. "Please don't make me do
this, grab a breast pump at the store quickly!"

     Seeing a look of sadistic glee Ross' face convinced Rachael that the jig
was up.

     "Oh all right, you can suck my tits" Rachael offered.

     "Well not if your going to ask like that" Chandler countered. "Your going
have to beg for it now, it'll teach you what happens when you're a cock teasing
bitch" he added, drunkenly.

     Rachael silently cursed them. They were intent on humiliating her for some
perceived insult and Rachael had no doubt that Ross had broken her pump so that
he could used the pain in her tits to rape and humiliate her.

     "Please, please guys, suck my huge tits, just image what it'd be like to
shove your face in my big soft pillowy tits, it's the lest I can do after cock
teasing you both so much" Rachael offered, hiding her anger under a surface of
sluttiness

     Rachael thrust her tits out and put her arms behind her head to make her
milk melons more enticing.

     Rachael didn't know who she was more pissed off at Ross for doing this to
her, Chandler and Joey for getting so drunk that Ross could get them to do this
to her, or her own body for betraying with arousal.

     "What do we get out of this?" Chandler asked, adding to Rachael's
increasing humiliation.

     "You get to suck on the tits of a beautiful woman, milk her like an animal,
humiliating me in revenge for being a cock teasing whore" Rachael replied.
Seeing that it wasn't enough Rachael continued her degradation. "I'll, I'll get
on knees and you can ram your cocks down my throat till I choke and pass out and
then you can fuck me silly"

     It still wasn't enough and so Rachael realized she had to choose which pain
was worse. "You can ram your cocks up my ass till my ass bleeds, you use me like
the sluttest of whores, but just please get this milk out of me!" Rachael
pleaded.

     Ross attached a cow's bell to her blue collar adding to her humiliation. It
was only because she was into much pain, that she didn't try stop him.

     Chandler and Joey all but dived upon Rachael huge tits, like moths to a
flame. Rachael gasped looking down at two of her best friends suckling on her
gravity defying tits, unable to believe her eyes.

     The agony in her tits was replaced with concentrated pleasure which was a
relief at first, till it got so overpowering that to her dismay, Rachael realize
that she was about to come harder than she'd ever imaged she could.

     "Oh fuck! Oh, Oh, Oh...." Rachael screamed out, her cum trickling down her
legs to pool on the floor, as her body was wracked with mind numbing orgasms.

     Joey and Chandler got up from Rachael's super sized knockers and pulled out
two of the biggest dicks Rachael had ever seen. Only Ross dick was bigger and
that puppy was being pulled out as well.

     Rachael's was betrayed by her mouth which started to salivate at the sight
of three enormous cocks. Rachael silently cursed her bodies treachery as her
pussy had much the same reaction on her mouth.

     "Please Ross, Chandler, Joey don't do this, we've been friends for over 7
years!" Rachael pleaded, hoping that she could convince them to stop this.

     Chandler smacked her hard with his cock.

     "Are kidding me Rachael, you cock teased us all for 7 years, telling
Chandler and Joey about your sex dream about fucking them at the same time and
then offering nothing, and top of that after Monica got engaged you offered me
sex and went back on it!" Ross accused. "Oh and we were on a break weren't we?"
Ross added.

     Even under threat of rape, Rachael would never admit to that, instead
electing to stay silent on the matter.

     "Beg for it bitch!" Chandler ordered. Rachael glared up at them in a fury.
She realized their was no way she would over power three grown men so she had no
choice, but to comply.

     "O please, master let me wrap my lips around your big cock, please rape my
throat till you reward me with your cum" Rachael groaned seductively.

     Chandler nodded. Rachael grabbed Chandler's dick in her hand and started
licking it like ice cream.

     Rachael was in state of shock. One of her best friends, her best friend's
husband in fact, was making her lick his salty cock like some cheap slut.

     It was a long time before Chandler grew excited thanks to the booze in his
system, not to mention the drugs Ross slipped into his drink, but it once he was
hard he began to brutally ram his cock down Rachael's throat.

     His balls slapped so hard against her chin, Rachael could hardly hear
herself think.

     Whenever her nose was buried in Chandler's pubic hair, Rachael got dizzy
with the over powering musk of his sweaty nut sack, a scent the sent thrill
chills shooting down her spine.

     As if this wasn't degrading enough a cock was put in each of her hands and
poor Rachael was forced to jerk Ross and Joey off, while she blew Chandler.

     Rachael had never fucked more then one guy at a time before never mind
being gang raped, yet here she was, being forced to service three guys at once.

     Chandler pulled his cock out just enough so that as he blew his load, it
flooded Rachael's wet, warm, mouth.

     "Don't swallow yet, gargle it first" Chandler ordered Rachael. Rachael
winced, but did as she was told.

     Rachael tilted her head back and used her tongue tom push Chandler's sperm
around in her mouth, before she gargled it at the back of her throat like it was
mouth wash, finishing up by swallowing Chandler's hot, salty, cum.

     Chandler's cock was quickly replaced by Joey's, his cock nearly choking
Rachael as it slammed its way down Rachael's violated throat.

     Joey raped Rachael's face with abandon, his eyes rolled up in rapture as he
received the best head he'd ever gotten. Never mind sucking the chrome off a
bumper, Rachael gave such amazing head she could suck the bumper off the chrome.

     Rachael may have been unwilling, but she was smart enough to realize that
the better the head she gave the sooner it would be over, not to mention Rachael
didn't know how to give bad head. To Rachael sucking dick came as naturally to
her as breathing.

     Rachael put her best moves into sucking on Joey's dick, just as she had
with Chandler, masterfully using her tongue, till Joey to fed her a mouth full
of gooey sperm.

     She gargled his cum as she had Chandler, leaving her with a growing sense
of humiliation and self-loathing as he pussy still continued to respond.

     Finally that left Ross, but unlike the other two he took his time making
Rachael do all the work, savouring her feelings of humiliation and
powerlessness.

     Rachael remembered that Ross loved it when she gentle played with his
balls, so she cupped them as she did her best to suck him dry as fast as
possible.

     Still Ross resisted letting her off that easily and it took everything she
had to finally get him to cum in her mouth.

     Ross forced Rachael to swish his cum around in her mouth until he felt that
it'd made her feel as much of a cum slut as it possible could.

     Rachael was used to swallowing Ross' cum, but this time it was different,
than been loving making this had was rape and humiliation.

     "Isn't that enough? Please stop!" Rachael begged, as she was bent over the
coffee table, with what was left of her dress being removed.

     "Beg for my cock Rachael!" Chandler ordered smacking her ass cheeks hard
enough to make her shriek.

     "Please chandler fuck me in the ass" Rachael begged as she was commanded,
knowing that he'd spank her if she didn't.

     He spanked her sweet ass anyway as he speared her rectum on his massive
cock. Rachael screamed with pain as the first cock to breach the rim of her ass,
raped her in as cruel and degrading manner as Chandler could.

     As if things couldn't get any worse, Rachael fought tooth and nail again an
orgasm she knew was coming.

     Rachael body quaked as she creamed so hard cum dribbled into a pool on
Ross' carpet. The stain gave her some satisfaction at least, knowing that it
ruined his carpet.

     Still, Rachael's cries were cut off as Joey slipped his cock into Rachael's
mouth, muffling her noises.

     Chandler grabbed Rachael's big meaty tits in his hands cruel mauling them
and using them for leverage to rape Rachael even harder.

     Between the cock forcing its way down her throat, the cock raping her ass
so hard she thought she might pass out from the pain, and Chandler's fondling of
her extra sensitive tits, Rachael was in an almost constant state of creaming.

     Rachael felt a cooling sensation in her ass and came to the conclusion that
Chandler had just flooded her anal chasm with his tainted man sauce.

     Rachael focussed on bringing Joey off in her mouth, really hovering his
cock like nobodies business, when she felt a pain like of which she'd never felt
before.

     Chandler was brutally shoving a broom handle into her tight pretty bald
cunt, while Ross was using his free had to rammed a mop handle up her sperm
filled bum.

     The way it felt to have Rachael screaming in pain around his cock was
enough to get Joey off, and he rewarded her with a mouthful of salty cum.

     Rachael swallowed it quickly before she started screaming again. She was
silenced by Joey who shoved a hose down her throat.

     He than put the other end into the toilet and made her start sucking the
toilet water up through the hose.

     Rachael almost retched as she gulp down the befouled water, while her cunt
and ass were getting the shit raped out of them.

     Rachael had never felt so used and violated in her life and her mind
compensated by making her cum.

     Her pussy and rectum muscles seemed to milk the handles as she climaxed,
shuttering waves of life affirming orgasmic energy exploded through her with the
force of a supernova.

     The pain was unbearable and it wasn't until she was on the edge of fainting
the they pulled it all out of her raped and abused, but still beautiful and
pristine body.

     Rachael was flipped over onto her back. Chandler massaged and fondled
Rachael's huge tits, deciding that they were almost as nice as Monica's. It
really was a toss up.

     Joey grabbed a bucket and returned to the group. Rachael was forced onto
her hands and knees so that her big tits were hanging over the bucket.

     "Moo for the camera Rachael" Ross ordered, zooming in on her face so that
he could immortalize her look of humiliation and defeat.

     "Moooooo, Moooooo..." Rachael called out repeatedly like the little whore
that she was. At the same time Chandler and Joey stared milking her huge
knockers, being so bigger then their hands they needed to use both hands on
their respective tit.

     Milk spurted from her tits and into the bucket, making Rachael so
humiliated that she couldn't stop herself from cumming. Rachael's body shuddered
as fiery titgasm ripped through her body with force of a solar flare.

     "See I told you Rachael was nothing, but a sperm worshipping whore!" Ross
crowed triumphantly.

     Rachael cursed him, planning in her mind her revenge. As the saying goes
what goes a round comes around you prick.

     When they got board of tormenting Rachael in this way, they poured Rachael
a bowl of her own milk, mixed with sperm naturally, and made her lap it up.

     While she was lapping up this disgusting concoction, Chandler and Joey took
turns spanking Rachael's beautiful ass, her ass cheeks bouncing enticingly.

     Rachael reminded herself the Ross had gotten them drunk and stoned and they
didn't know what they were doing, but she planned on getting back them anyway.

     She blamed Ross for this, even as she was forced onto her back, he unlit
end of a candle forced into her cunt so that the hot wax dripped onto her clit
and pussy lips, making her cum from the pain.

     "Your so right Ross I am a dirty whore!" Rachael cried out as she creamed,
self disgust eating at her.

     Ross, Joey, and Chandler masturbated above Rachael, planning to give her a
three way creamy facial.

     Sperm shot out from their cock arched up into the air to spatter all over
Rachael beautiful face.

     The next game they had for Rachael was using a plunger to see if they could
suck the sperm from her ass and make her eat it.

     "Please stop!" Rachael moaned delirious from her suffering. Her pleas
failed to deter them and they succeeded in getting the cum from her as and into
a glass.

     The sensation was strange, but compare to some of the other sexual abuses
it was pleasant. Still the thought of being made to drink and gargle all the cum
from her ass wasn't.

     They managed to hold her still and her mouth open as the befoul creamy
toxin was poured into her mouth.

     It tasted worse than she imagined and it was only through a twisted miracle
that she was about to swish it around her mouth and swallow it.

     "God that was gross!" Rachael complained, the price of which was a cock in
every hole.   Rachael's incredibly tight cunt was being fill utterly, by
Chandler's cock. Her asshole was being raped hard by Ross, who'd never gotten a
taste of Rachael's sweet rectum while they dated, but he intended to make up for
lost time. Joey had Rachael's big boobs wrapped around his cock, they softness
and yet firmness was godlike experience. Her mouth was filled with the handles
that had been in her cunt and ass.

     Rachael's eyes rolled back in her head and she started cumming so hard that
if Ross didn't know better he'd have thought that she was having convulsions.

     Rachael had never felt so full in her life, two of the biggest, thickest
cocks she'd ever been fuck by, were double penetrating her while her tits were
being enjoyed by a third huge cock and her mouth was blowing the befoul mop and
broom handles.

     Poor Rachael was stuck in a cock sandwich..

     Sperm squirted from Joey's beautiful dick to hose Rachael's jugs down with
man goo. It seemed to keep on dumping load after load on her neck, face, and her
gravity defying tits. Some even got into Rachael's silky hair.

     Ross was next, Rachael asshole was just to tight from him to stop himself.
Rachael's bowls were coated with a spunk blaster. He pulled out of Rachael with
a loud pop. Some sperm shot up out of her rectum to splash on her bum.

     Chandler was taking his time now that he felt he was close to cumming,
wanting to prolong Rachael violation.

     Chandler laughed at Rachael's powerlessness as he made her cum again and
again, reinforcing her humiliation and feelings of defeat.

     Finally Chandler cum inside Rachael, flooding Rachael's tight pussy with
cum. It dripped out of her and Ross made sure to get a close up of Rachael's
abused cunt.

     Chandler tried Rachael's arms behind her back. Joey than pulled off his
belt and handed it to Chandler. Chandler looped the belt and brought it crashing
down on Rachael's big tits. Ross giggled as Rachael screamed.

     Chandler brought the belt down on Rachael soft tit flesh again and again,
her screams getting louder each time.

     This got the attention of the people in the rooms next door. They knocked
on the door. Rachael thought she was free, that she was going to be rescued, but
when she saw the evil gaze of the fat slobs who were at the door she knew that
this was only the beginning.

     "Come on in! everybody gets a turning teaching this hot bitch a lesson!"
Ross announced to the new arrivals flooding the room, intent on raping Rachael.

     Before Rachael knew what was happening she was on her knee with a greasy
fat guy, who she recognized as her butcher, big cock slamming down her throat.

     With her free hand Rachael jerked of a drunken homeless man and with the
other jerked off a geek who couldn't been more than 18, the bag boy at her
favourite supermarket in fact, she realized recognizing him.

     Rachael gave world class head to the butcher, her tongue moving with skill
and grace of a cock sucking ninja, who was shooting his spunk into her nob
gobbling mouth in a matter of minutes.

     The homeless man was next to shove his disgusting, not mention large, cock
down Rachael's gullet.

     A taxi driver in a wife beater shirt took his place in Rachael's free hand.
He ended up cumming before the homeless man, painting Rachael's pretty face with
cum.

     Finally after wait seemed to be forever, thanks to his drunken state, the
homeless guy gave Rachael a mouthful.

     Rachael swallowed the gooey concoction, but some managed to spill down the
counter of Rachael's mouth.

     The geek was next. Rachael wrapped her lips around his huge, foul cock,
blowing him for all she was worth, but he pulled out of her mouth.

     "Beg to suck my sweaty ball cunt and maybe I reward you by letting you blow
me" the geek said, eager to make Rachael degrade and humiliate herself.

     Rachael had enough. She gave him the finger, so he shoved a plastic
shopping bag over her head.

     He tied it so that his hands would be free to wrap Rachael's huge tits
around him gigantic cock.

     He'd never felt anything as heavenly as Rachael's tits felt wrapped around
his cock, he in enraptured by her pillowy mounds.

     Meanwhile Rachael was gasping for breath certain she would die when Ross
pulled the bag off her head.

     "Did you learn you lesson bitch?" the nerd asked making it clean that he
wanted her to degrade herself for his amusement.

     "Yes master, please I know I exist only as a slut and a fuck toy, so please
don't do that again, I prove to you I'm a whore!" Rachael begged scared of being
suffocated.

     Rachael placed her hands over the nerds and pressed her tits around his
cock even harder. "Yes, master thank you fucking big tits, the must feel
incredible around you huge cock, I live for the moment you spew your tasty cum
all over me!" Rachael offered, hoping to placate the dangerous man. The worst
part was the Rachael realized she meant every word of it.

     Rachael and the nerd starting cumming together, huge burst of sperm
erupting from his cock to hose the sexy MILF down, while Rachael begged for it
as she creamed.

     The nerd moved out of the way and was replaced with a biker who had Rachael
lube up his big dick with her wet and warm mouth, before he rode her heavenly
hooters as well.

     Two of his buddies slipped their cocks into Rachael's expert hands, while
one had slipped under Rachael so he could dine on her tight twat. Another guy,
some skinny Goth, slipped under Rachael to snack on her clit, cunt juice filling
his mouth with a flavourful burst. Lastly the geek shoved his face in Rachael
ass, giving her one hell of a rim job.

     It was like Rachael was in front of a firing squadron of cock, all the of
them going off at once, spraying their gooey sauce all over Rachael's giant
tits.

     To Rachael's amazement and horror three more guys replaced the three that
just gave Rachael's tits a cum bath.

     The one ramming his cock down Rachael's tight throat was Mr. Gaoler the
head of the tenants association in the building, an old black man.

     The other two were the neighbours on either side of the apartment. They
seemed more than happy to make the sexy young MILF stroke their cocks.

     Mr. Gaoler's balls were slapping so hard into Rachael's chin that you could
here it in the apartments next store.

     The two guys enjoying the hand jobs, tired of it and so they shoved their
cocks into Rachael's mouth, along side Mr. Gaoler's.

     "Shove your fingers up an ass bitch" one of the guys on the side shouted.
Rachael had no choice, but reached around them and gently shove a finger into
each of the side guys rectums.

     The nerd who had been licking Rachael's ass out, replaced her tongue with
his huge cock, ramming it in so hard that not ever the cocks raping her mouth
could muffle Rachael screams as the shit was raped out of her ass.

     The guy on the floor eating Rachael out was next to sink his big cock into
Rachael, his cock entering the tightest pussy he'd ever experienced. Inspire of
the abuse it had received it was so tight he could barely get it in there. Once
he did there was no stopping him, Rachael pussy got the cock thrusting of a
lifetime.

     Rachael shuttered and convulsed, creaming so hard she lost consciousness.

     When Rachael woke up there was a new group of guys ready to take their
turns having waited for Rachael to wake up.

     Rachael was broken, little more then a crazed bitch in heat took on each
cock like an animal, draining guy after guy, always hungry for more.

     When no one was left Rachael was tired up and left on the balcony, just
like Monica, but the knots were looser this time and Rachael managed to free
herself after everyone had left.


Epilogue

Rachael was in the bath clean herself up from her ordeal an hour after. She
thought of having Ross arrested, but Rachael wanted Emma to have a father and
besides how was she going to explain the orgasms?

     It hit Rachael that the same thing had probably happened to Monica and that
the reason Mon had told no one was that she'd cum too! To Rachael self disgust
there was a tingle of arousal at the thought of her best friend being raped by
her own brother and who knows who else.

     Rachael's hand slipped down and she started playing with herself at the
image of a naked Monica bent over, tears in her eyes, as Ross rammed his cock up
his dear sister's ass, or Monica on her knees forced to blow a line of men
starting with her own brother. Rachael knew it was wrong to fantasize about her
best friend bring gang raped, but after what she'd been through, with no warning
from Monica, Rachael didn't give a shit. 




                        By Omega Phallic

           Ross' Revenge episode 3: Phoebe's bitches


     Phoebe had foolishly agreed to massage Monica again because Monica had
promised not to make any sex noises, by gagging herself, but her muffled sex
noise were even hotter!

     Phoebe was nobodies fool and so Phoebe decided that it was high time to
teach Monica what happens to cunt teasing bitches on the streets.

     Phoebe's hands moved down from the acceptable massage area to slip under
the towel to squeeze Monica's sweet ass.

     "What the hell do you think your doing?" Monica asked as she felt Phoebe's
hands on her ass, which were on holding her down so Monica couldn't get up.

     "I teaching what happens to hot little tease like out in the streets you
fucking whore!" Phoebe explain as she started spanking Monica's ass.

     Monica was shocked speechless by the unexpected turn of evens. That didn't
mean she was soundless, as she was crying out in pain every time Phoebe's hand
collided with Monica pretty bum.

     That was nothing compared to the pain she felt when Phoebe shoved her
entire fist up Monica's ass.

     Monica's screams resounded off the walls as she was brutally anally fisted.
Her scream would have set even Ross back, but they only made Phoebe wetter who
delighted in her best friend's pain and degradation.

     It wasn't enough pain for Monica, Phoebe decided, so she shoved her other
fist in beside the first one.

     The pain Monica was in was so great at this point that she couldn't ever
scream, the sound wouldn't come out. All she could do is feel tears rolling down
her cheeks and her body's defences kicked in. Monica started cumming like she'd
never creamed before.

     Her multigasmic extravaganza failed to dull her excruciating pain in her
ass. It only got worse as Phoebe bit Monica in the ass.

     Rachael had slipped in unnoticed as things started up and hid herself so
she could watch. Rachael knew what was going on because she'd been stalking
Monica for a couple of weeks now, hoping against hope the she'd get to see her
best friend being brutally gang raped.

     Rachael knew it was wrong to want your best friend to get raped, but
Rachael wanted Monica to be raped more than anything she'd ever wanted in her
life. Rachael's pussy juices just drooled at the thought of it.

     Not only did she want Monica to be raped, but she wanted it be as painful,
humiliating, and brutal as possible. She should have warned me Rachael
justified.

     So it was with glee that she hid to watch her fantasy of Monica being raped
being played out thanks to Phoebe.

     Phoebe pulled her hands out of Monica's ass with a loud plop, just when
Monica was about to sink into the peaceful oblivion of unconscious. Phoebe
wasn't going allow Monica the rest. Monica's elastic rectum sprang back to
normal size, tight as ever.

     Phoebe flipped Monica over onto her back, straddled Monica's ample chest
and started rubbing her cunt against Monica's big tits.

     Phoebe had always wanted to get her hands on Monica's tits, feeling the
Monica had the tits of a Goddess. Phoebe moved her body down Monica's so that
she could bend her head down and take one of Monica's nipples in her mouth,
while cruelly twisting the other one to get Monica to cry out in pain.

     Phoebe really buried her face into Monica's soft, but firm, tit flesh.
Monica tried to stop her growing arousal, but it was to strong for, leaving the
beauty at Phoebe's mercy, something Phoebe seemed to have misplaced.

     "Gawd!" Monica screamed out as Phoebe sucked and fondled Monica's tits with
a skill that sent Monica's mind reeling.

     Monica crawled helplessly as orgasmic wave after orgasmic wave crashed in
on her, causing Monica to arch her back, which in turn shoved more of her giant
tits into Phoebe's face.

     It was soon after that Phoebe heard Rachael's heavy breathing as the MILF
played with herself.

     "Stay were you are fuck slut or I rip your tits off" Phoebe threatened as
she got up to search for Rachael. Monica had the feeling that she wasn't
bluffing so she stayed put as requested.

     "Like the show cunt?" Phoebe asked as she pulled Rachael out of her hiding
spot. "Maybe you'd like to tell us why you playing with yourself?"

     Rachael kept silent so Phoebe pulled back hard on one of Rachael's fingers.
Rachael cried out in pain. "All right I'll tell you, I...I was stalking Monica
in the hopes I'd get to see her being raped again, I'm soooo sorry Monica, but
it's been all I could think about for days."

     "Well than, maybe you'd like to taste Monica's big tits" Phoebe said in a
way that made it very clean that it was an order not a question.

     Rachael stood over Monica for moment, wracked with guilt, but unable to
stop herself from lowering her mouth to Monica tits.

     Monica silently cursed both women as Rachael took her turn sucking and
squeezing her Monica's magnificent knockers. Rachael noticed that the taste of
Phoebe's salvia covering Monica's tits made it ever hotter.

     "Your both going to hell for this" Monica whimpered as she raced to an
explosive climax. Monica thru her head back and came loud enough to almost shake
the very walls.

     Rachael seemed to be having a ball when Phoebe pulled her off Monica. "Now
it's time to taste you" Phoebe explained ripping Rachael's blouse open,
revealing huge tits the just begged to be released from their prison.

     "Phoebe, just wait a minute, I thought we were raping Monica tog..."
Rachael countered as she pulled away, before Phoebe smacked her. "Okay cunt, let
get this straight, your both my bitches, you're here to fuck on command like the
cock/pussy teasing cunts that we all know that you are."

     Phoebe ripped Rachael's bra right off, grabbed Rachael by her enormous tits
and slammed her against the wall, forcing her mouth onto Rachael's and her
tongue into Rachael mouth.

     Phoebe had been dying to slip Rachael the tongue for years and Phoebe was
making the most of it, soul kissing Rachael so passionately Rachael was
overwhelmed.

     Rachael was forced to french Phoebe back or choked on Phoebe's tongue. The
two tongue's battled it out, in and out of each mouth.

     Phoebe stopped and grabbed Monica off the bed, slammed her too against the
wall, was soon forcing Monica to make out with her.

     Phoebe had always wanted to slip Monica the tongue even more than Rachael
and Monica wasn't disappointing.

     Monica was afraid Phoebe would hurt her if she didn't kiss back, so Monica
was hungrily kissing Phoebe back, her tongue seeking Phoebe's.

     Phoebe finally decided it was time for them to make out together as she
made some prepared herself.

     Monica remembered Phoebe fisting her and was too scared to disobey,
wrapping her arms around Rachael, pressing their huge melons against each other
and Monica's mouth ravenously sought out Rachael's.

     Rachael too had seen Phoebe rapping Monica with her fist and was equally
fearful and so kissed Monica back, her mouth opening to accept Monica's tongue
within.

     Phoebe returned with a bottle of body oil and started pouring it onto
Rachael and Monica's gravity defying hooters, so that they slipped against each
other as they soul kissed.

     Phoebe grabbed Rachael, by the ass, smacking it hard. Bitch Rachael thought
to herself. "Now unless you want me to get really nasty Rachael, I suggest you
get on the bed" Phoebe said in a tone that hinted at a violent response if
Rachael failed to comply.

     Phoebe pulled a long strap-on dildo that was as thick as Phoebe's fist. It
looked so real, from its hairy nut sack to its piss hole, that Monica nervously
wondered if she stolen it off some poor guy.

     Phoebe opened her robe to reveal a huge pair tits and a shaved pussy. See
the others staring at Phoebe's gravity defying sized jugs, obviously implants,
Phoebe explained defensively "I didn't want to be the only one with small tits."

     Phoebe strapped her cock on and approached a trembling and terrified
Rachael. "Please Phoebe, we've been friends for 8 years don't do this" Rachael
beseeched her friend, but it just turned Phoebe on more.

     Phoebe got on top of Rachael and forced her legs apart. Phoebe pressed her
big tits against Rachael's. "Beg for it bitch or I'll do that tight ass of yours
instead"  Phoebe threatened.

     Rachael swallowed the urge to cry, fearing an anal assault, and so she did
as she was told. "Please mistress slam your cock into me, rape my cunt till I
scream!"

     Phoebe enjoyed looking into Rachael's eyes, seeing her fear, humiliation,
and pain as slammed her monstrous cock into her.

     Phoebe's huge tits became slippery and shiny as the Rachael's oil soaked
tits rubbed against them.

     Screams caught in Rachael's throat, the pain too great to force them out,
but the worse part was how much Rachael's body responded to the brutal
violation.

     Phoebe could see Rachael was getting closer to an orgasm so she started
pounding her cock into Rachael harder, so hard in fact that Rachael's eyes
rolled up into her head as both her ecstasy and her agony reached untold heights
of mind warping intensity.

     Rachael finally screamed out as she came, a scream that welled up from her
soul as her climax devour her utterly and totally. It was so loud, Phoebe could
have sworn her ear drums should have been bleeding.

     Phoebe ever so slowly pulled out of Rachael with aloud plop. Phoebe than
got of the still shuttering slut and moved over to Monica.

     "Get on you knees bitch and blow me and make it good or I'll hang you out
the window by your clit" Phoebe warned.

     Monica got on her knees, yet almost fainted when she saw the cock up close,
slick with her best friends juices. Rachael's smell enveloped Monica's senses,
making Monica's juices drool in kind.

     "Please Phoebe, it's too gross don't..." Monica started, but a smack across
the face forestalled further argument. It wasn't hard enough to leave a mark,
nevertheless it made its point.

     "Please Mistress, let me lick and suck Rachael's cum right off your dick,
please make me degrade and debase myself for your entertainment" Monica begged
as sluttily as she could, staring Phoebe directly in the eyes as she did.

     "As long as you remember your nothing, but my whore, you may have your
reward" Phoebe declared, enjoying her power over Monica.

     Monica opened her mouth wide and the cock slipped into her mouth and ever
so slowly down her tight throat, as Monica bobbed her head up and down on the
cock.

     Monica deepthroated the cock till her noise was buried in Phoebe's hairless
pussy mound. As Monica continued to give Phoebe's cock a BJ that would have made
most men cry with envy, Monica slipped her fingers into Phoebe's wet pussy,
expertly fingering her.

     Phoebe moaned loudly, staring at Monica as she greedily slurped on Phoebe
cock. Phoebe had always guessed the Monica was spitfire in bed and watching
Monica suck synthetic cock, showed Phoebe that her guess was an under estimate
by far.

     Between the finger fucking and the sight of Monica forced onto her knees
and made to blow Phoebe's cock, caused Phoebe to exploded in a jarring orgasmic
explosion of gigantic proportion.

     When Phoebe got control of her again she pulled out the cock ready to give
Monica a surprise.

     Phoebe squeezed the nuts on the cock hard, causing a creamy white fluid to
shot out in ropey thick gobs all over Monica sexy face and mountainous tits.

     Monica's jaw dropped and for a moment she was terrified Phoebe had stolen
it off some guy, till she smelled bananas and realized it was just banana
yogurt.

     "Rachael get you ass over here and lick my dick clean or I'll shove a ladle
up your bum!" Phoebe commanded.

     Rachael obeyed out of fear and started licking the cock clean of yogurt and
Monica salvia. Phoebe took it off and making it easier for Rachael suck clean.

     Phoebe than returned her attention to Monica. "Tell me how much you want to
eat me out."

     Monica gulped, but complied, fearing Phoebe's wraith. "Please Mistress, sit
on my face, please let me feast on your pussy, I know how long you've wait my
tongue in you."

     Phoebe shoved Monica's face between her legs, forcing Monica to give Phoebe
head. Monica had never eaten out anyone before, but she had a long tongue and a
ton of natural skill which made it the best head Phoebe had ever gotten and
Phoebe had gotten for more than her share of guys willing to muff dive her.

     When Rachael had finished polishing the cock with her tongue, Phoebe forced
her to take Monica's place at her cunt. Poor Rachael was made to guzzle at
Phoebe's tangy pussy juice, but Monica wasn't going to spared.

     "Beg to lick my ass out bitch and make good!" Phoebe commanded forcefully.
Monica swallowed down rage and did as she was directed.

     "Please mistress, let stick my, my, tongue your ass, I love sucking ass,
it's what I live for" Monica supplicated.

     Getting the nod from Phoebe, who too engrossed in getting her muff munched
to talk. Monica took a deep breath and fearing the price of disobeying Phoebe,
shoved her face between the slutty blonds ass cheeks.

     Monica stuck her tongue deeply into Phoebe's rectum, tonguing the ass
before her like it was the first time she'd tried ice cream.

     The overpowering sensation of having both her cunt and ass tongued was too
explosive for Phoebe as her head rocked back as creamed, screaming out her soul
blasting orgasm out for the world to hear.

     Seeing Phoebe so distracted, Monica figured it was going to be her only
opportunity for pay back. Monica pushed Phoebe forwards, just enough that Monica
could ram her fist up Phoebe's ass.

     Phoebe's scream out pain equalled her screams of ecstasy, the pain in fact
making Phoebe cum all the harder.

     Emboldened by Monica's actions, Rachael slammed her fist into Phoebe's
cunt, so that Phoebe was getting the double fisting of a life time.

     "Life's a bitch and so are you!" Monica declared taking an incredible
amount of joy in her vengeance. It was nice to the rapist for a change instead
of the victim. 

     The pain was indescribable, as was Phoebe's orgasm, each feeding off each
other in an endless cycle of the damned.

     Phoebe soul tormenting violation only ended when a relucent Monica and
Rachael pulled out of her, so that she could collapse in a pool at their feet,
her face in a puddle of her own cum, flavoured with just a touch of piss.

     Now it was Monica's turn wear the strap-on. Forcing a dazed and confused
Phoebe onto her hands and knees, Monica grabbed onto Phoebe's huge jugs and
pulled on them hard so as spear Phoebe's ass with the strap-on even harder.

     "Oh, oh, oh..." Phoebe screamed out at higher and higher pitch, the deeper.
Rachael pulled out a mirror from her purse and held it in front of Phoebe,
making her watch her ass being raped by Monica.

     Phoebe actively pushed back against Monica as she came, an assgasm so over
powering that Phoebe almost tore chunks out of the carpet, clawing in her
orgasmic enrapturement.

     "Suck it clean Rachael you fucking slut" Monica commanded turning on
Rachael.

     "But I thought it was use against Phoebe?" Rachael said, turning the charm.

     "On the same side my ass, you were getting off on see me raped, some friend
you are!" Monica retorted with a sharp laugh. "Now get on your knees, where you
belong Rachael, and suck my cock clean and I'll consider us even, for now."

     Rachael knew Monica could kick in ass in a fight, so she got on her knees
and started licking Monica's cock just like she would for a real one. Soon
Rachael was deepthroating Monica's cock with such force and passion, Monica
wished it was a real one.

     Monica's balls slapped loudly against Rachael's chin as Rachael started
fingering Monica's tight cunt, going straight for Monica's G-spot, while her
thumb went for Mon's clit. Monica pulled out of Rachael, smacked her several
times with her cock, before squeezing the balls to spray a creamy load in
Rachael's face.

     Having made peace with Monica, Rachael stole the strap-on and prepared to
have her turn raping Phoebe, but Monica forestalled that.

     "Truce?" Monica offered, the sound of Rachael's displeasure at the idea of
mercy ignored. "A...agreed" Phoebe muttered as she ever so slowly picked herself
off the floor.

     "But why, Mon, we had the bitch were we wanted her?" Rachael asked,
disappointment clear on her face.

     "Don't worry, you'll get your turn with Phoebe when the time is right, but
we have bigger prey to pay back and were going to need all the help we can get!"
Monica promised, a vengeful glint in her eyes.                                         




                        By Omega Phallic

             Ross' Revenge episode 4: Ladies Night

                               

     Monica had it all planned out. All of her five friends were having a beer
at her place when she got out of the shower.

     Monica allowed one of the corners on her sofa to catch on her towel so that
as she continued to walk, the towel was pulled right off her, expose her huge
soaking wet tits to the hungry gaze of everyone in the room.

     Rachael took the opportunity to drug the guy's drink while they stared at
Monica's giant Goddess like tits.

     It wasn't long before the guys were out like a light and dragged into
Monica's guest room, which had been converted to a dungeon while Chandler was at
work.

     The ladies snapped the manacles around the guys wrists so they couldn't
pull their arms down. Chained up like that they were easy prey for the ladies.

     Ross was first to wake up. 'Wa...what the hell is going on?" he asked
groggily. Monica smirked. "Just a bit of pay back" she replied.

     Ross realized that he was chained up and unable to break free. "You bitch,
you'll pay for this you..." Ross started, but a smack from Monica shot him up.

     Monica got on her knees and with a quick yank pulled Ross' shorts down
freeing his huge and already hard, cock to the air.

     Monica than slipped a metal cock ring around her brother's cock. "This
isn't just any cock ring Ross, if you go soft while this is on your cock, it'll
electrocute your cock, see were going to play a game, were going to try and make
you cum as many times as we can, so that naturally you'll go soft, making the
cock ring zap you, and it's your job to try to stay hard without cumming" Monica
explained.

     Monica took a slow long lick of her brother's cock, savouring the taste and
the look of humiliation and resistence on Ross' face. Monica couldn't help
herself, the thought giving head to her own brother made her mouth and cunt
water.

     Ever since Ross had raped her, Monica had been unable to forget the taste
of his cock, the way his cock felt inside her, or how hard she'd cum. She had
became obsessed with fucking her relatives, especially Ross.

     "You were so right about me Ross, I am nothing but a cock worshipping
whore, in fact you've underestimate how true that is, but your going to find
out!"

     Ross saw the look in his sister's eyes, a mix of sheer cock thirst and
gleeful vengeance, that almost made Ross piss himself. He looked down at the
impending torture device around his cock and couldn't repress a shudder.

     Monica opened her mouth wide and ever so slowly, teasingly, she slipped her
brother cock between her red lips. A look of absolute rapture crossed Monica's
face as greedily sucked on her brother's cock, like his dick was made from the
purest ambrosia.

     Ross whimpered knowing that he wouldn't last long at this rate, Monica was
too good and cock hungry to resist. There was the look of an addict in Monica's
eyes and Ross knew beyond a doubt it his cock that was his sister's drug of
choice.

     Monica's head was a blur as she blew her brother, with the intensity of a
religious fanatic, slurping his dick like her mouth was quicksand. 

     "Baseball, think about baseball" Ross muttered, trying to resist his
sister's hot mouth on his cock, his sister was proving to be too hot a piece of
ass to defeat.

     "Bitch!" Ross shouted was he felt the cum in his balls rising. Just as he
was about cum, Monica pull her mouth from his cock.

     "Hey Rach, you want taste?" Monica offered. Rachael eyed Ross' meat like it
was Prime Rib, before answering. "Hmmm, I don't mind if I do."

     Rachael, who was in jeans and a tight tee-shirt that emphasised her huge
jugs, knelt on the floor beside Monica and took the huge cock in her hand.

     "I have to admit that it's your big dick I miss the most about dating you"
Rachael said, before gorging herself on his man meat.

     Rachael took a long lick of Ross' cock, before she too shoved his cock down
her throat. Rachael was just as hungry for Ross' cock as Monica, to Ross'
horror. My dicks going to be fried for sure! Ross despaired. 

     "Please, don't do this, my dick's no good to you if it explodes like a
firecracker!" Ross wailed, fighting back the urge to cum in Rachael's mouth.

     Monica wasn't finished with Ross. Monica slip Ross' giant, sweaty, balls
into her mouth, enjoying the musky flavour, as well as the taboo thrill of
having her brother balls in her mouth.

     Phoebe, who had tried of Ross' bitching opened her rain coat, showing that
she wore nothing underneath, and shoved one of her massive tits into Ross'
mouth.

     "That right bitch, suck my tits!" Phoebe ordered Ross, forcing even more of
her perfect tit flesh into his mouth.

     It was too much for Ross, he came and he came hard. Rachael could barely
handle it as load after load of think sperm filled mouth, but that didn't stop
her from drinking it down like it was the nectar of the gods.

     Rachael slipped it out of her mouth and into Monica's so she could have a
taste of her brother cum too, which was still spurting out like a geyser. Monica
drank it all down, and suck on his cock for more, determined swallow every last
drop she could.

     Monica had to be pulled off of Ross' cock, just before the cock ring went
off. Ross' screams shook the room as his cock got zapped, his eyes almost
popping out of his head from the pain.

     It final stopped. Phoebe passed Monica a bottle of body oil, while Rachael
went over to Chandler to walk him up.

     "Hey, champ, you don't want to miss the show do you?" Rachael asked, gently
smacking Chandler awake.

     "Wha...What the hell?" Chandler asked, seeing that he was chained to the
wall, and that his wife was naked on her knees before her brother with a bottle
of body oil in her hands.

     "Let me catch you up, see Monica's going to rape and fuck her brother and
your other best friend because your so unless with a cock and so ungrateful"
Rachael explained.

     "You fucking bitch!" bitch Chandler shouted, appalled at the strange turn
of events. "Oh, I'm not a fucking bitch, yet, but I will be soon" Rachael
replied, squeezing Chandler's cock, through his pants.

     "Don't worry about being a loser in the sack, because I'm on the case now
and by the time I'm through with you, Monica will be begging me to let her fuck
you."

     Chandler just stared at Rachael in shock. "Why, why are you doing this to
me, I thought we were friends?"

     "Oh, we are,  were about get a lot closer, because I've been so hungry for
taste of your cock, ever since I've met you, that I'm just drooling to get a
taste of you, not that I have has one before, when you were raping me, but there
was too many guys to give your cock that attention it deserves, and you were
stoned out of your mind, I want to look in your sober eyes as I drain your cock
dry" Rachael explained, until a confused look crossed Chandler's face.

     "I see you don't remember, well just as well, that way you won't be
prepared for the mind blowing head I'm going to give you" Rachael said,
squeezing Chandler's cock again.

     "Rachael, this is insane, lets stop this now before you do something you'll
regret" Chandler advised her.

     Rachael was turned on even more by Chandler's protests. She unhooked her
suspenders and pulled them off.

     Rachael wasn't wearing any panties so her bald cunt was in full view,
leaving her wearing only a tee-shirt that cupped her huge hooters and left her
tight belly bare, a pair of white high heels, and her earrings.

     Rachael decided it was safe to free on of his hands, so she did. She than
took his hand and placed it between her legs, making him rub her till he was as
hard as a rock.

     "Feel that Chandler, feel how wet you making me, that's how feel all the
time when I over hear you fucking Monica, when ever your around in fact" Rachael
explained, before chaining his wist again. Lucky for her he was still weaken
from the drugs she put in his drink.

     Rachael pulled her top off, freeing her enormous tits to that cool air,
making her nipples even harder.

     Rachael than pointed over at Monica. "Look at your wife, she pouring that
oil all over her big tits, and looked how turned on she is, look at hot fucking
Ross with her huge tits is making her."

     Chandler jaws clenched in fury, he'd pay them all back some day.

     Rachael got on her knees for Chandler and pulled his pants and boxing
shorts down with a yank, freeing massive cock that was all most as big as Ross'.

     "Hmmm, look at what we got here, makes my mouth water just looking at it"
Rachael declared as she stroked Chandler cock to hardness.

     Rachael gave Chandler cock a good lick, delighting in the taste of the
powerless man's hard-on.

     Ignore his complaints, Rachael shoved one of the electrified cock rings on
him. "What the is that?" Chandler asked nervously eyeing the metallic cock ring.

     "If, or I should say when, I make you cum, and I'm plan making you cum a
lot, this will go off for about 20 seconds when you naturally soften, zapping
you, causing pain that will make the pain I felt seem kind in comparison"
Rachael answered.

     Rachael took a whiff of Chandler's cock, getting even more turned on by the
masculine smell, before licking his cock like it was her favourite lolly pop.

     "You taste even better than I remember and considering I have a photogenic
memory when it comes to cock that's saying something" Rachael muttered, just
before she took his entire cock to the back of her throat in an fell swoop.

     "Rachael this is nuts I'm married!" Chandler reminded her. "Doesn't look
like that's bothering Monica much" Phoebe said as she joined Rachael in
tormenting Chandler.

     Chandler looked over at his beloved wife, who had her mammoth tits around
her brother's cock, tit wanking him with whorish abandon.

     "Oh, fuck gawd Ross', feels so fucking good, fuck my tits, cum for me Ross,
cum all over my face and tits, you know you want to, come Ross mark your
territory all over me with your cum, show me how good my huge tits around your
cock feels!" Monica begged cruelly, as an titgasm sucked her down into its
depths.

     Ross fought every inch of the way, but it just felt way too good, and an
orgasm of Olympic proportions racked his body, shooting out his jizz like tidal
wave.

     Thick, creamy, ropes of sperm, crashed again Monica's face, tits, and neck,
and the more Ross came on his sister's face, the more cum she wanted.

     Once again Ross went briefly soft and once again his cock was fried like a
death row in- mate.

     "Please, Monica, you've made your point!" Ross pleaded, the pain was far
more than he could stand.

     "I thought learning my place as nothing, but a cock loving whore was what
you wanted, to remake your big titted sister into the perfect slut?" Monica
countered.

     "Not like this! I never planned on having my dick lit up like a fucking
Christmas tree or you making me your bitch, it was supposed to be the other way
around!" Ross rejoined, his bitterness splashed naked on his face.

     "Don't worry, your body will adopt to the pain and you'll start cumming
from it too, I did" Monica offered, before ending the conversation by wiping the
cum off her face with the towel she'd dropped earlier to exposed her huge tits
and to distract the guys, before tossing it onto Ross' face, cum side down.

     Ross was terrified that his cock would get soft again, but ever so slowly,
teasing Ross like the master cock tease she was, Monica impaled herself on his
cock, with sigh of pleasure.

     Meanwhile Rachael was still slurping Chandler's cock like a pro, unwilling
to let him cum because that meant she have to remove his delicious cock from her
mouth, something she was unwilling it do.

     Besides, the humiliation clear on his face and the agony of his hot and
sexy wife bouncing up and down on her brother's cock like he was a Harley
Davidson, her immense tits smashed into his face to make her cum all the faster,
was a torment that not even the cock ring could beat.

     Rachael then slipped one of her fingers into Chandler's ass, making him
cum, spewing his hot creamy load into her mouth, were she swished it side to
side, delighting in its tangy flavour before swallow.

       As Chandler fried, Rachael stood up and waited for the shock to subside.
Rachael then took his cock in her hand and started stroking it to hardness,
enjoying how it in felt her hand.

     "I have admit, seeing you hard cock standing at attention like that is
making my mouth water."

     Phoebe, meanwhile had Joey's pants down around his ankles and was sucking
on his cock, like it was her last meal.

     Joey woke up, thanks to the first class bow job Phoebe was giving him.
Phoebe had blind folded Joey so he didn't know who was blowing him.

     "Who's doing that?" he asked curiously. Phoebe, in a fit of mischief,
replied "It's Chandler, he's blowing you."

     "Hey, man what the hell do you think your doing, I'm not gay!" Joey wailed,
to the amusement of Phoebe. "Not that I'm not flattered, mind you..." he added.

     As Joey came, Phoebe sucked on cock even harder, surprised that was even
possible, and swallowed his cum, to the last drop, like a sponge to water.

     "Girls, I think it's time to go to stage two" Rachael suggested. Monica
reluctantly pulled herself off of her brother's cock, to his relief.

     To the guys surprise the girls unlocked them. Naturally, Chandler made a
break for it. "Ohio" Rachael shouted and his cock ring went off, dropping him
like a pile of bird shit.

     Rachael jumped onto the bed and called Chandler over.  "Chandler, I want
you to fuck me so hard that the walls in the apartment below us shake!"

     "This is crazy, Monica help me here!" Chandler begged, staring at his wife
in confusion. "Sorry Chandler, but I want to see you fuck the bitch, fuck my
best friend Chandler, fuck her hard!" Monica ordered, her arms folded just
beneath the level of her huge tits.

     Seeing he had no choice he walked over to Rachael, grabbed two meaty
handfuls of Rachael's big tits and slammed his cock home, so hard she hit her
head on the head board.

     Rachael didn't notice as Chandler pounded into her cunt as if her was
avenging himself with it.

     Furious, Chandler gave in. "You want me fuck you? Well how about this
then!" Chandler shouted flipping Rachael over onto her hands and knees before
grabbing the big breasted slut by her huge tits and slamming his big cock up
Rachael's tiny and tight asshole.        

     The pain was incredible and Rachael loved it. "That right Chandler fuck me
in the ass, fuck me good and hard, rape me in the ass till I bleed."

     Monica, turned on by the sight of her husband fucking her best friend in
the ass, decided to reward him by shoving her face into his ass and licking the
shit out of his asshole.

     "Fuck your sister in the ass Ross, rape your sister's ass so hard you put
that ass pounding Chandler's giving Rachael to shame" Phoebe ordered, soaking
wet at the thought of the incestuous fucking.

     Ross, hard as a rock, stepped up behind his sister and smacked her sweet
ass as hard as he could, ordering Monica to beg for it like the bitch that she
was.

     "Please, there's nothing I like more than the feel of my brother's cock
ripping into my ass, please Ross I want to feel your cum spurting inside ass, I
love my brother's cock and sperm!" Monica begged lust thick in her throaty
voice.

     Monica moaned around Chandler's asshole as she her brother's cock stab into
her, slamming all the way to the hilt without any lubricate on the first thrust.

     The pain was excruciating and pleasurable in equal measure and it left
Monica begging for more, truly proving that she was nothing more than a bitch in
heat.

     Phoebe joined in by licking the shit out of Ross' ass, her huge tits
pressed up against Ross' legs.

     Phoebe paused for second to give orders to Joey. "Joey, get over here and
brutalize my tight ass with that beautifully huge cock of yours."

     Joey did as he was told although he was still in shock at the sight before
him, like he'd crashed into the twilight zone and had no way to get the fuck
out.

     Phoebe was enraptured by the sensations that crashed through her body as
she was anally invaded by one of her best friend, while she was giving a world
class rim job to another.

     Joey was an ass man unlike Ross, who was tit man, and he had to admit that
this was the tightest ass he'd ever fucked and he was about to cum.

     The circle was completed as Rachael spread Joey's ass cheeks wide and dived
in, tongue first.

     The guys came like dominos, first Chandler blew his load in Rachael's
unbearably tight asshole, Rachael cumming in returning, both lost in a sinkhole
of orgasmic pleasure.

     Never in his wildest imagination did he ever think that he'd be filling
Rachael's rectum to the point of overflowing with his hot wet sperm, or that she
be thanking him for it.

     Than Ross blew his load in Monica's even tighter asshole, but Monica wasn't
finished with him yet.

     She used the muscles in her rectum to cut off the blood flow out of his
cock and then had Ross continued pounding savagely into her brown chute till he
flooded her asshole not once, not twice, but three more times with his hot cum,
before she released him, her own awe inspiring climaxes seemingly to fuse
together under their over powering deluge to forge themselves into a megagasm of
religious proportions

     Finally Joey blew his load in Phoebe's incredibly tight asshole. Joey
stimulated both Phoebe's clit and her g-spot with his fingers as her anal
passages were given an overdose of hot Joey jizz.

     Phoebe was at a loss for words as she creamed on Joey's fingers, both a
G-spot orgasm and a clitoral orgasm competing for attention.

     As they softened, the guys fell to there knees as pain racked their dicks.
As the pain receded, the girls changed the flow.

     Monica took Joey's cock into her mouth, getting off on Chandler watching
her jealously as she gave Joey the best head this side of the universe.

     Monica pulled Chandler over by his dick, still feasting adoringly on Joey's
manhood, while beating her husband off with one hand.

     Monica pulled her mouth off of Joey's meat to tease Chandler some more.
"Chandler, shame on you, you never told me Joey had such a luscious cock, I'd
have given your best friends a blowjob longer ago."

     Chandler just gave Monica a sad puppy dog look with his eyes, but the
pulsating cock in her hand told another story.

     "Don't worry Chandler, I'm not going to leave you for Joey or Ross, you
just need to be punished for gang raping my best friend, not that the little
slut didn't deserve it, or get off on it, but still she is my best friend."

     Monica was greedy for another taste of sweaty cock, but she couldn't decide
who's cock to stuffing in between her red lips, so she slipped both into her wet
mouth, her cunt slobbering embarrassingly at having to huge dicks in her mouth
for the first time.

     Monica could see the grossed out looks in the eyes above her, could tell
Joey and Chandler felt it was a little bit gay, but Monica didn't give a shit.
They'd made her and Rachael make out, so this was the least they deserved.

     When they came, because Monica couldn't shut her mouth properly, all there
combined sperm drooled out of her mouth, down her chin, onto her huge tits, and
even some found their way between them, to coat her firm stomach. Monica let go
of both cocks, as the guys were fried. It was starting smell a little bit like
bacon.

     Meanwhile Phoebe and Rachael were kissing each other around Ross' cock.
Their mouths moved up and down his shaft, their tongue quickly and constantly
darting out for a tasty of his beef.  

     Ross pushed gently on their backs so their massive tits collided like four
icebergs made of tit flesh.

     "I think he likes our huge tits Phoebe" Rachael suggested, pulling away so
she could bury her face in her friends amazing globes.

     Phoebe picked up the slack on Ross' cock, enveloping his big twitching dick
into her cock hungry mouth.

     Ross grabbed Phoebe by her hair and raped her face like a savage animal,
her head a blur as she scarfed down cock meat.

     Just as Ross was about cum, Phoebe removed her mouth from his cock, which
was soon enveloped by four massive tit pillows, that huge his cock like a divine
caress. Pumping between Rachael's and Phoebe's mountainous pillow peaks, like a
fuck fiend, Ross' eyes rolled back into his.

     It actually felt too good to cum, the sensations sending his dick on
overload as it race across soft skin, but eventually biology caught up, and he
added creamy snow top peaks to the mountainous imagery invoked by the busty
sluts tit fucking his cock, his hot sperm, firing out of his cock like a 20
gallon gun salute to their sluttiness.

     Ross cock was zapped yet again, this time leaving pubic hair smoldering.
Ross didn't know how much his cock could take.

     "Bukkake time, Ross, Joey, Chandler, get over here and jerk off on my face"
Monica commanded, deciding this was the time to full a long time fantasy of her.

     The guys stroked their cocks reluctantly, fearing BBQed  dick. Phoebe and
Rachael pulled whips off the walls, whipped the guys until they put an effort
into beating off in order to give Monica the facial she so desperately needed.

     Sperm arched through the air to splash Monica in the face, huge load after
huge load joining it in decorating the beautiful woman's face.

     It was than that the batteries in the devices on their dicks ran out.

     The girls noticed this, before the guys did and fled while guys were still
recovering, fearing a reprisal.




                        By Omega Phallic

               Ross' Revenge episode 5: Bushfire


     "Oh, yeah Ross, fuck me, fuck me hard!" Monica begged as she bounced up and
down on her brother's cock, her big tits bouncing in tune to her lust fills
pleas. It was like fucking Ross for the very first time and in some ways it was.
It was the first both siblings were will.

     Since the girls had gotten their revenge things had pretty much returned to
normal, a silent agreement to pretend none of it had ever happened.

     That is until Monica had forgotten to buy her brother a birthday present.
So in a moment of desperation Monica had grabbed a ribbon tied it around her
waist in a bow, put on her black high heels and trench coat and not a stitch
more.

     Monica mischievously wrapped up an empty box as a decoy and went over to
Ross' early. Monica passed Ross the empty box and with quick thanks he tore into
it.

     "Ah, Mon, an empty box, just what I always wanted, you shouldn't have" Ross
had tossed out sarcastically. "Where's the present Mon?" Ross asked as looked
back at his sister in confusion.

     "Right here Ross" Monica explained as she opened her trench coat. Ross'
mouth went dry at the sight of his sister's Goddess like tits, her divine
planetary sized orbs giving Ross an instant boner.

     "I dare you to tell me I'm not the best gift you've ever gotten!" Monica
challenged wickedly, pushing her surprised brother onto the couch.                        

     Monica tossed the coat aside and got onto her knees and unzipped her
brother's fly with her teeth. The biggest cock and the biggest set of balls
popped out, sending Monica's salivation glands into overdrive at the sight of
his brother's one eye monster.

     "Sucking and fucking your giant cock Ross has been all I could think about
for months, and technically this doesn't break the truce because were both
consenting" Monica rationalized.

     "In fact we've only raped each other, never really had sex before, this be
the first time we've had sex and you have no idea how long I've wanted to have
sex with you, to have sex with my own brother, it been driving me nuts for so
long" Monica concluded, her pussy getting wetter each time she said sex,
building up the debased courage to start.

     Monica lick up every drop of musky sweat from his hairy balls, cock, and
even his chodam. Monica worship at the altar of Ross' cock with the fervour of a
pilgrim, taking his cock into her heavenly mouth, for a deepthroating blowjob
that could inspire gods themselves.

     Monica couldn't help herself, she loved giving head too much, she climax as
she sucked her bros dick, her orgasmic whirlwind flaying both her nerves and her
sanity with intense sensations.

     Monica's throat muscles constricted around Ross' cock, in effect
masturbating him with her throat.

     Monica purred as her cheeks hollowed, her taste buds alight with the musky
delicious taste of her brother cock.

     Rachael and Phoebe came damn close, but no one could suck cock like Monica,
it was like a religion to the beautiful cock venerating tart.

     She sucked Ross' dick with the same manic perfectionism she did everything.
It seemed an eternity, but Ross finally pull his cock out of her mouth to
decorate his sister's beautiful face with semen.

     Monica smiled at the creamy hosing her face got, hot sticky white fluid
exploding in an awesome series of vulgar cum shots.

            Monica adored the way hot cum felt on her face, she'd take this kind
of facial over the kind one got at a spa any day of the week.

     It was as Ross was cumming all over his sister that Rachael and Phoebe
entered.

     No one said anything as Phoebe and Rachael looked down towards Monica,
naked but for the birthday ribbon, her accessories, and the cum on her face.

     The awkward silence was finally broken when Rachael said "Oh shit, all I
got him was fucking toaster."

     Rachael looked down at the box gloomy. "Oops pretend you didn't hear that
Ross" Rachael told Ross as Rachael and Phoebe put their boxes on the coffee
table.

     "I don't knew about you Phoebe, but I'm not going to let Monica out gift
me" Rachael said, pulling off the tight green dress she was wearing, freeing
twin mountains from their confines.

     Rachael knelt before Ross and licking Monica's spit right off his cock.
Rachael teased Ross' cock with her expert tongue and smacking herself hard in
the face with his man meat, till he was hard enough to blow.

     Rachael's head was a blur as she bobbed in Ross' lap, taking his cock down
her throat with such talent that a snake boa constrictor would have been shamed
in comparison.

     Rachael missed sucking Ross' cock the most when their relationship ended,
except for the cunt pounding action, and spankings, and the...well she'd missed
Ross' cock most off all.

     Phoebe meanwhile had started licking the jizz off of Monica's face. This
naturally lead to making out, Phoebe kissing Monica and Monica slipping Phoebe
the tongue in response.

     Monica grabbed Phoebe's dress and with a yank ripped it right open so she
could feast on Phoebe huge tits.

     Monica didn't spared Phoebe's tight cunt as she nibbled every inch of
Phoebe's impressive globes, slipping a single finger in first, but then adding a
second and a third as time went on.

     Rachael gentle played with Ross' balls, slowing down when she thought he
was about to cum, so that his cum would build up, she wanted to swallow as much
of Ross' sperm as she could.

     Ross reached down to slightly to cup Rachael huge tanned tits in his hands
kneading and rolling them around on her chest.

     Rachael head sped up as she sucked Ross harder, giving into her need to
guzzle his jizz asap.

     As Ross blew his load, Rachael pulled her head back just enough that if
filled her mouth to over flowing.

     It trickled down her chin in three or four trails, but she swallowed the
rest, and kept on sucking, hoping for one last drop of semen.

     Big tits crashed together like thunder Gods. Monica and Phoebe were still
making out, but they were tit fighting as well, each pair of huge jugs battling
one another in an obscene display that threatened to make both women cum.

     Both women had been fingered into an inch of her life, climatic hurricanes
having ripped through them.

     Phoebe sucked on Monica's ear lobe and grabbed her ass, as a titanic
titgasm burst through her, sending her to Valhalla and back.

     Monica did her part to help, shoving a finger up Phoebe's ass, but Monica
was soon caught up in her own titgasm, her planetary melons exploding with life
that seem almost unbearable with pleasure.

     Monica collapsed on top of Phoebe, the tits starting to stick together from
their combined sweat, which glisten erotically across their bodies.

     Rachael tagged out Phoebe, sending her over to Ross for her turn. Rachael
and Monica got into a 69'er position, dripping wet cunts offered for the
devouring, their soft hooters pressed against a tight stomach.

     Phoebe offered her tight asshole first saying "fuck me in the ass first
Ross, so I lick my shit off your cock."

     Phoebe could almost swear she was being split in half, thanks to the size
of Ross' cock,  as Ross slowly forced his cock up her tight bum.

     Phoebe lived for being fucked in the bum and she loved begging for it too.
"Please Ross' fuck my ass, hurt me Ross, please tear up my anal sheath with that
big juicy cock of your!"

     Ross grabbed Phoebe's heavy tits in his hand so he could brutalized her
bottom harder. The harder he fucked her ass, the more it hurt and harder she
wanted it, in an cycling that didn't end till Phoebe started cumming, her
assgasm setting her nerves aflame in a most vulgar way.

     Ross pulled out with a loud plop and Phoebe turned around to blow him. "Beg
bitch, beg to suck your shit off my cock you fucking cheep whore!" Ross
demanded, present his cock to her so she could smell it.

     "Please Ross, I'm such a slut that need to suck my shit off you cock,
please Ross if you let me suck you clean now, I'll my lick shit off your cock
every day for month" Phoebe offered dripping wet at being made to debase herself
in front of her best friends.

     Ross answered by grabbing Phoebe by the pony tail and shoved his dick down
her throat without warning, making her gag for a moment before she regained
control.

      Phoebe gave Ross a nice messy blowjob, her drool dripping down his cock as
she deepthroated him.

     Her reward was having his cock twitching in her throat as Ross fed her a
belly full of steaming hot spunk.

     Having given Ross one hell of a birthday gift, they got dressed and sat on
the sofa as Ross got the birthday cake. They talked as he search futilely for
the fucking thing.

     "I guess that the nastiest thing you guys have ever seen? You know seeing
fucking my own brother" Monica asked, nervous and unsure of their reactions.

     "It is really nasty Monica, but it also really really hot to watch, I just
wet thinking about it" Rachael answer with a smirk.

     "I'd just love to see a Gellar family reunion" Phoebe purred filthily.
"Besides Monica, I've got you beat on that, I fucked my own twin on camera, you
didn't believe that story I told you about getting her checks sent to me did
you, I earned them the hard way?" Phoebe added, emphasising the word hard.

     Ross was back, his cock covered in icing. "Who wants to blow out the
birthday candle" he called out vulgarly.

     Three hand shot up and three ladies got on their knees to lick the icing
off. It was then that there was a knock at the door.

     "Oh, shit" Ross cursed racing to the door. He opened it and to his surprise
Joey and Chandler were their with gifts of their own.

     There was Emily his ex-wife, Janice that sexy, but annoying bitch,
Rachael's sisters, Mona, his ex-girlfriend, Joey's former hot roommate, Phoebe's
twin, Chandler's mom, and Joey's cute youngest sister, the one who lied about a
career in fashion, all tied up and looking terrified.

     "Holy shit what have you guys done" Ross asked, knowing at that point they
all fucked, one way or the other.

     "I knew this looks bad Ross, and it is, we originally only wanted to swipe
your ex wife for some payback, for your birthday and all, but you know how
Joey's plans go wrong" Chandler explained, looking nervously over his shoulder.

     "I don't know how you got them all, but just get the fuck in here" Ross
ordered.

     Ross found his apartment filled three naked women and a shit load of tied
up victims. Ross didn't know where to start unwrapping his gifts.

     Ross decided to start off with Joey's sister, opening her jacket and
grabbing her huge melons through her tank top. The poor girl moaned through her
gag so Ross removed it. He liked to make his bitches beg for it.

     "Please Joey help me!" the terrified Tribboni pleaded. Joey obliged,
helping his sister out of her jeans.

     "What the hell Joey!" the beautiful young women shouted as she found her
pants pooled around her ankles, her ass exposed thanks to her g-string.

     "Ahhhh!" she screamed as Joey weggied the string deep inside her tight
juicy young cunt. Joey pulled his cock out and pressed it against his sister's
ass, prior to grabbing her big tits with his own hands, weighing the heft melons
with experience.

     As Joey sexually abused his pretty sister, Ross moved onto his next gift
Janice.

     Ripping the dress right off her, Ross noticed Janice had became a miss new
boobs herself. He than pulled the gag off and forced her too her knees. Janice
started to complain with her annoying voice so Ross shoved her dick in her
mouth.

     "Go ahead guys, enjoy yourselves" Ross offered his friends graciously.

     Joey was still busy felling his cute sister up, but Chandler grabbed Emily,
ripped her blouse open, unhooked the front clasp of her bra, which was two sizes
too small for such massive tits, and freed her huge knockers, and shoved her
over the back the sofa.

     He then pulled her skirt up and ripped her panties off so he could fuck her
in the ass.

     Monica removed Emily's gag, she wanted to hear the bitch scream as she took
it up the ass, before moving onto Joey's old roommate.

     That blond bitch had it coming from the first moment Monica met her,
although even then Monica didn't know whether she wanted to kick the Australian
bitch's ass or fuck it instead.

     Monica removed her gag and unbuttoned her blouse, exposing to braless jugs,
huge and inviting. Monica twisted painfully on her nipples, bringing tears to
her eyes and pleas for mercy to her throat.

     Rachael by that time had both her sisters naked on their knees, one licking
out Rachael's ass, the other eating Rachael's tight pussy. Phoebe's sister was
added to the mix, by Phoebe herself, who made Ursula suck on Rachael's enormous
tits, along with Mona who was too scared to resist.

     Phoebe then stripped Mrs. Bing, giving the MILF's own 38GG cup melons a
good squeeze, before forcing her to make out with Joey's sister, their soft tits
rubbing and bouncing off each other, getting their cunts excited, despite their
predicament, and their best efforts to resist.

     That left Phoebe free to get on her knees and give Ross a birthday rim job,
her tongue buried so far up Ross' as he couldn't help, but cause him to blew his
load in Janice mouth. Janice was used to sucking a lot of dick, so she had no
problem drinking his jizz down.

     "Ah shit, that's it ram that bloody cock of your up my bloody fucking ass!"
shrieked Emily, bucking back against Chandler, eager to bury his big cock even
deeper into her ass.

     Emily felt as violated by her body's treachery as by the cock in her bum.

     Things were being interrupted again. Ross went to the door to find the
super intendant of Monica's building, Trager and Gunther standing there. "We
were told their was a birthday party for you Ross" the Super explained, handing
Ross a paddle as a gift, while Gunther handed Ross a cat-of-nine-tails.

     "Shit, they even invited people" Ross muttered, getting back to the action.

     Gunther made a bee line straight for Rachael, while the Super just shoved
his face in between Monica and Joey's former roommate's heavy tits, who
continued to make out, their enormous tits fight each other for control.

     Before Ross could shut the door another former girlfriend and former
student, Elizabeth, and her father appeared. She too was trussed up.

     "Can you believe this little slut used her university scholarship money to
pay for implants, a pair of fucking 38FF's for fuck sakes, her have, happy
birthday Ross" he said as he offered his daughter upon entering.

     "Didn't see that coming" Ross muttered, before trying to close the door.
Once again he failed.

     This way even a bigger shock. It was his Mother and Father with his hot
cousin trussed up. The one he'd hit on. His mother noticing him eying her new
bountiful bosom, a 38FF explained. "Well I couldn't risk your father finding his
own twinky in the city now could I?"

     "Happy birthday son, fuck this cock teasing bitch silly" his father
offered, handing Ross his cousin, before heading in.

     Ross didn't even bother trying to shut the door. Joey's dad was next to
show up and he brought that beautiful slob Ross had tried to date, but who's
rats had scared him off. She was naked and well scrubbed, not mention tied up.

     Next to join in the fun was a busty blond and her husband Ross had once
seen hanging around in Central Perk. She was tried up and her top yanked up to
expose two lovely 36FF's.

     Her husband handed her off to Ross, before joining the action, while
muttering "I can't believe you were going to divorce me, of all people, me, and
after the baby..."

     "Paul, don't do this..." the blond pleaded, as her husband sped away to
join the raping.

     "Gandoff!" Ross shout greeting his old wild friend. His old friend had with
him, naturally enough, another nut, the freak who'd thought that Joey was Dr.
Drake, Erika. She was wearing a straight jacket that was cut in such a way that
her big huge melons were on display.

     This could take awhile Ross realized, so he pulled the gag out of his
cousin's mouth and out of the strange blond's mouth, Ross remembered her husband
calling her Jamie, and forced them to their knees, ignoring their complaints,
and started fucking his cousin's face, while making the blond lick his hairy
balls, while he waited.

     Richard came bearing a gift of a busty red head, the one who stole
Chandler's clothes, tied up with ironically with her own panties. "Hey, Ross
happy birthday" Richard offered bring in his present.

     A bunch of nerds were next, offering Ross a tied up Kathy, Chandler and
Joey's ex-girl friend, and Caitlin, the pizza girl he'd tried to flirt with, but
failed.

     The nerds didn't even bother to say happy birthday, they just gave the
trussed up ladies to Ross and join in.

     Finally it was that bastard Pallo and that chick Chandler spent the Black
out with, Jill Goodacre. She was tied up too, but she was forced on her knees
with a dog collar around her neck.

     "Happy Birthday Ross" Pallo shouted gleefully, before Ross took his gift
and slammed the door in his face. As Ross went off to enjoy his party, Pallo
snuck in.


     "Please Joey, let me suck your cock!" Joey's sister beseeched, his dick
just inches from the slut's cock hungry mouth.

     She couldn't believe Joey was making her say such slutty things, or that
he'd helped strip her naked for his friends birthday, or that he'd been playing
with her tits like a kid with new Christmas gift.

     Getting the nod from her big brother, she opened her mouth way and gobbled
his dick meat like a starving cum slut. Joey watched as his sister's head became
a blur, bobbing with cock sucking skill he never imagined she had.

     Joey felt he understood Ross better now that he'd been on the receiving on
of a BJ from his own slutty sister, who was a hot piece ass in her own right.

     Joey's sister loved giving blowjobs, yet this surpassed all head she given
before, she was hungrier for Joey's big cock, or at least her body was, her mind
was still in shock that she was being raped by her beloved older brother who'd
always protected her in the past.

     "Holy shit dude, does your sister knew how blow a guy or what?" Ross asked
amazed at what cock worshipping nympho Joey's sister turned out to be.

     Joey pulled his dick out of his sister's mouth and pulled her tank top up,
liberating two of the biggest and most beautiful tits either of them had ever
seen.

     Joey's sister was a big enough slut to knew what yo do next. "Do you like
big tits Joey?" she asked teasingly as she wrapped her lovely melons around
Joey's stiff tool.

     Joey, put his hands on his sister's shoulders as his big cock pounded
between her pillowy tits, fucking the young bitch for all she was worth.

     "Holy shit, Joey, I, I think my tits are going to cum" his sister cried
out, as her large melons became consumed in orgasmic sensations that spread
slowly to the rest of her body.

     Titgasm after titgasm wracked his sister fantastic tits, but Joey wouldn't
cum yet, even though her tits felt so fucking good his balls were laced with
agony from not releasing his heavy load.

     When his did cum, his want to blow the biggest load of cum onto his sister
face, neck, and tits that was even humanly possible.

     "Please, feed me your cum, feed your hot piece of ass sister you cum,
please Joey, I'm begging for your jizz Joey, coat me with your sperm, I need a
face full of my brother's cum!" the forlorn little slut pleaded, with wanton
eyes.

     The final blow came when Joey's sister squeezed her big tits around his
cock so hard, that milk started spurting out of her nipples and onto his cock
and her tits.

     Joey came so powerfully, he almost fainted as thick rope of creamy sperm
after thick rope of creamy sperm exploded from his cock to splatter messily on
his sister's face, neck, and tits, marking her forever as an incestuous whore
and slut.

     The gooey barrage seemed to go on for an eternity and Joey's sister hoped
it would never end, but finally, as hot sperm dripped from her face onto her
tits and from the bottom of her tits onto her flat stomach, it stopped.

     "Hey, birthday boy wanna turn? Come on I'm your birthday present, a sex
slave, your property, I exist only to fuck and suck you and your friends" Joey's
sister offered, getting off on being Joey's gift to Ross.

     "You want my cock, you've fucking got it" Ross replied grabbing the young
sluts tits with  his hands and shoving them around his huge cock.


     Meanwhile Rachael was standing in the middle of the room, with one sister,
Jill thirstily drinking the cunt milk pouring out of Rachael's cunt, the other
sister, Amy, had her tongue up Rachael's ass as far as it would go.

     Rachael screamed as she came in her sister's face again, Rachael's cum
dripping down her sister's face and onto her huge tits.

     The sister's switched places, like they did every time Rachael came, this
time Amy was feasting on Rachael's cunt as Jill feasted Rachael's ass, rimming
her sister with her super long tongue.

     It was then that Gunther pulled Rachael away. "You've fuck just about
everyone else you fucking cock tease whore, now my turn" Gunther declared
furiously, coming to his senses and realizing that the woman he'd pined away
for, all these years was nothing but a whore and a slut meant to fucked and
filled with sperm and she good for nothing else, at least as far as the spurned
and wounded man was concerned. And he told Rachael as much.

     "Your so right Gunther, I'm cock teasing bitch, I think you'd better show
me why I'm a whore and a slut, make me a container for your cum" Rachael begged,
having come to love degrading sex.

     "On, your fucking back bitch, where a cock teasing selfish little whore
like you belongs, I want to look you in the eyes while I fuck you like the cunt
that you are" Gunther ordered, to which Rachael obeyed, eagerly.

     Noticing her sister's trying to flee, Rachael gave them new orders. "Go
suck that shy guy off in the counter, before I kick your fucking ass!"

     The Rachael's sister's did what they were told, knowing they were no match
for their sister in a fight.

     Gunther looked deeply into Rachael's eyes so that she could see how much he
wanted to fuck her, to rape, to pound his cock into her until it hurt her,
before grabbing her massive tits in his hands and slamming his big dick into her
so hard that he was buried into her up to the hilt, his pubic her scratching the
tender shaved mound above Rachael's inviting cunt.

     Gunther fucked the beautiful woman under his, fucking her as if he was
trying to avenge himself with hard dick.

     When Rachael came, she came hard, her cunt convulsing around Gunther's
cock, milking his dick, but Gunther wasn't finish fucking her, wasn't ready to
cum. He wouldn't be done until Rachael was so sore she wouldn't be able to sit
for a week, till she was lying in a large pool of her own cum and piss.


     Rachael's sister's pounced on the nerdy guy in the corner. The Amy yanked
his pants down before he could say a word and had his cock in her mouth before
could escape.

     Damn, my friend was right nerd cock does taste best Amy realized, slurping
his dick passionately. It must be that fresh unused taste the snobby bitch
decided.

     Jill started making out with him, encouraging him to maul and squeeze her
huge, soft, springy knockers.

     Amy pulled his dick out of her mouth asking "Is this the first time a girl
sucked your cock? Well it won't be the last, not if me and my sister have
anything to say about it!" the horny blond teased, before sucking his huge
sausage back into her mouth and down her throat again.

     As the nerd creamed a huge amount of stored up spunk, the Amy greedily
gulped his semen down, sperm being her favourite libation of course. Her drink
of choice.

     The younger one got on her knees, licking her lips at the thought of
sucking the young man off, while the older on got up and shoved one of her big
tits into his mouth, making him suck on it.

     "This looks good enough to eat" the Jill teased with his cock in her hands,
just before she engulfed his hot prick into her wet and warm mouth.

     Getting more aggressive the nerd started fucking Jill's face as he gave the
older sister orders. "Get on your knees and hump your sister's ass cum slut!"

     "Yes master, now your getting into the spirit of it, we're just a pair of
slave girls here to please you" she purred as she got down on her knees.

     She went behind Jill, grabbed Jill's heavy tits into her hands and pressed
herself against her sister. She then started rubbing her own jugs against Jill's
back as her cunt rubbed up against Jill's ass.

     She started cumming, her cunt exploding like a firework, when Jill mouth
found itself flooded with tasty sperm.

     After a quick breather the ladies pulled the nerd out of the corner in
search of fresh pussy.


     Emily screamed as Chandler dumped his load down her anal passages. Emily
having just been rape in the ass for the first time, not to mention having her
first assgasm, staggered to her feet.

     It was then that Chandler ripped the rest of her clothes off. Chandler
pulled the British tart to her knees by her nipple till his shit covered cock
was just inches from her face.

     Emily knew the Chandler wanted his cock sucked clean, the shit covered cock
sausage both repulsed and strangely turned her on. She reached out for it, but
he pulled it back, making her beg for.

     "Please master, let suck my shit right off that juicy cock yours, shag my
face like a tight cunt master, shower my tongue with your sperm" Emily begged as
looked up into Chandler's eyes.

     Emily slipped his shit cover cock between her red lips, clean off first the
head and the shaft of Chandler beastly cock.

     Her prize for eating the brown streaks on his cock was a face full of cum
as Chandler pulled out to decorate the English slut, a reward well earned.


     The super was in heaven he realized, as two pairs of tits, four massive
melons, surround his head from all sides

     "Which of use has the better set of tits" Monica asked competitively as
usually, rubbing her huge jugs into his face.

     The Super was too busy feasting on Monica's knocker's to reply.

     "If think those are nice, have a taste of these" Joey's former roommate
countered, spinning the Super around and shoving his face into her own huge
tits.

     Yep, I've died and gone to heaven, knew I should've fixed that gas leak he
thought to himself as he feasted on the second pair of knockers. It was too good
to be true.

     As if the Super wasn't lucky enough six more pairs of giants tits butted in
on the competition.

     "These are even hotter, aren't they?" asked Monica's cousin, as he pulled
him away from the Australian's bountiful bosom, to bury his face in the Ozzy's
delectable tits.

     The Super was ecstatic beyond words, this surpassed his wildest dreams.

     After he'd had a good long taste and feel, he was spun around and another
set of tits presented themselves to the mammary connoisseur.

     These big, firm, milk melons belonged to Chandler's mother. The world
renowned author took his hands and let him squeeze her melons to see if they
were ripe, before letting him lick ever inch of her soft tit flesh.

     "Oh, my God, if you think those were soft, yet firm, try these brand
spanking new knocker" laughed Janice as her lovely huge jugs replaced the
MILF's.

     "Man, your irritating, ignore her, if you like big tits, with the highest
sense of fashion, try these puppies" Rachael's sister Amy, butted in, offer her
own big tits, pierced with diamond studs.

     The Super moaned into her hooters as she shoved his face into them. He may
have scratch a tooth on her diamonds, but with his face in her huge heavenly
bosom, he didn't care.

     "Bitch, I'll give this guy a taste of what tits are supposed taste like"
Jill declare pushing her sister out of the way so the her 38FF tits could take
their place.

     "If you chose me I suck your dick every day for a year" Jill whisper,
bribing the judge with her hot mouth.

     "Your sex slave now, remember, you'll be doing that anyways, that and more"
the Super counter, before diving into the next set of tits. Having given him the
idea, he shoved Jill to her knees and made the bribing little whore suck his big
throbbing cock, into tight wet mouth.

     The pair of soft welcoming hooters he found himself in was Emily's. "Oh,
that nice" she purred as his tongue scoured her tit meat.

     Pulling back, the super pulled out a long bamboo cane. "Time for round two
of our little game".


     Ross' new whip cracked against Joey's sister's big tits as she did her best
to wank him off. Every time she'd slow down, even just a little, he brought the
cat-of-nine-tails onto her ample milk melons.

     At first she'd been terrified by the pain, but she grown quickly to crave
it, so much so that now that Ross was close to cumming, she'd slow down so that
not only would her huge tits get whipped, but he'd be fucking them for longer.

     She creamed more times than she could count, so she could wait no longer,
she had to have Ross' cum covering her beautiful tits too. The little slut sped
up her tit wanking.

     Sperm departed from his cock like a fountain, pouring down in great big
gobs onto the lovely young ladies face and chest.       


     Ross left to find more fun, while Joey returned with a friend. It was one
of his students, whom he'd told falsely to gay up his acting, in the hopes of
stealing the part away. Joey felt guilty about that so he'd decided give the guy
a piece of his sister's hot ass as repayment.

     The actor took a seat on the sofa and pulled her toward him. She hover
above his cock for a second, before he pulled her down hard, impaling the poor
girl's ass on his rock hard cock. "Oh, fuck that hurts so much, fuck my ass
harder!" pleaded Joey's pretty sister as she bounced on the actor's cock, her
big tits bouncing along as well.

     Joey pulled out his huge beast, teasing his sister clit mercilessly with
it, making her beg humiliatingly for it before he stuffed it in her.

     Joey's sister found the sensation of being double fuck, by her own brother
and a stranger, stronger then she had prepare for, and she was spiralling off
into a loud orgasm that left her throat sore, among other parts.

     She french kissed Joey, while the guy giving it to her up the ass grabbed
her soft melons in his hard iron like grip, using them to pound into her ass
with a greater fury.


     "Here's the rules, the one who cums from the lashing I give her melons
quickest, wins the round" the Super explained. "So who's going first?" the super
asked.

     Rachael's sister Amy volunteered. Amy got on her knees and used her hands
to offer up her mammoth melons to the super's bamboo cane. "Whip my tits with,
please" Amy beseeched.

     The cane cut through the air with a whistling sound, till it smacked hard
against her tender young tits.

     Amy inhale sharp. The pain was exquisite and Amy found herself wet between
the legs and excitedly awaited the next lash.

     It landed on her nipple on the opposite breast, making Amy cried out.

     The super continued to torture Amy with his cane, the more it hurt, the
harder she wanted it.

     Amy started shrieking and pleading with him to whip her harder and faster,
cumming so hard she was soaking wet with sweat.

     "28 lashes, who's going to go next?"

     Seven hands shot up volunteering.


     Monica was pulled away from the game by her father. "I've wanted this for
such a long time" he expressed, stroking his cock in his hand.

     Monica smile back at his and lowered herself to her knees taking his thick
cock into hand, stoking it gently.

     Monica gave the piss slit on the head a quick lick, savouring the taste of
her father's cock. "I've been thinking of this too" Monica admitted, slipping
the head of her father's cock between her red lips and sucked on his plum
loudly.

     He was hung like Ross, an impressive sight, especially when Ross joined in
offering his cock to her mouth too.

     Seeing her daughter out number Judy jumped in, taking Ross's cock into her
mouth, heroically. Judy too was an expert cock sucker, probably where Monica
inherited her ability, slurping her son's cock with the best of them.

     Monica's cousin, seeing the family action was for by one of the nerds
watching to join in. She started kissing down Monica's back, till she reached
Monica ass, stopping there to invade Monica's anal passage with her tongue,
while kneading Monica's buttocks.

     Monica had no trouble taking her father to the back of her throat, having
had a lot of practice with Ross. Jack, not wanting to look lazy grabbed two
handfuls of his daughters big tits, squeeze the sweetest tits he'd ever had the
pleasure groping.

     Judy not wanting to be left out, pulled the straps of her dress down
freeing her own boulders, to be firmly grasped by her horny son.

     Judy had the body of a woman of 20, sending her son cock shooting skyward,
which the slutty MILF was happy to take care.

     "Ross, you have no idea how long I've wanted a taste of this" Judy admitted
to her son as she licked the head of his dick.

     "Monica, I've been dying to get my dick into you since you lost the weight
and had became such a hot little slut" Jack moaned as his daughter started
sucking on his sweaty nuts, adding his two cents.

     Mother and Daughter got into a contest, seeing who'd get a face full of cum
first. "Holy, shit, you fucking whore suck my dick like a good daughter" Jack
demanded of his gorgeous daughter, his balls slapping noisily against her chin
as she sucked her father's cock with an intensity that bordered on fanaticism.

     Monica's cousin sucked her clit into her mouth as her finger's dived into
Monica's muff in search of Mon's G-spot.

     Monica's dick slurping action grew frantic as her wet snatch creamed on her
cousin's face, her ass sitting on her cousin's 42FF cups tits.

     Ross on the other hand had switched from his mother's mouth to her
surprisingly tight virgin rectum, making her beg and plead for her butt fucking
like a common whore.

     Judy clawed at the carpet as she cream, a mind shattering climax she had
felt in over 10 years. Her soul wrenching multiassgasm took on new heights as
her bowels were baptized by Ross' man sauce. 

     Judy, just inches from Monica's huge orbs, couldn't resist her daughter's
charms, burying her face in Monica's sweaty tits.

     Ross too focussed on Monica, pulling his dick out of Judy's ass to switch
over to Monica's equally heavenly tight bottom hole.

     As Ross gave pretty sister a cock flesh enema, Monica rubbed her cunt
against her cousin's big tits, fucking the massive fun bags till she had her
cousin cumming, a flash flood of titgasm.

     Jack couldn't leave his niece's mouth empty, so forced his hot testicles
between her red lips. His niece rolled the nuts around in her expert mouth.

     This left Monica's mouth free, to which her mother responded by feeding
Monica her tits. Monica in a fit of mischief sucked on her mother's tits till
milk coated her tongue, the creamy fluid almost as good as sperm and certainly
better than anything she'd gotten in a milk carton.

     Ross left his sister's ass reluctantly, slipping his dick between his
mother's huge knockers so that Monica had to lick the shit and cum off his dick
and their mother's busty milk melons, if she wanted to keep on sucking her
mother's tits.

     Getting his cock cleaned by his sister, while fucked his mother's tits was
a new one for Ross, but it got even better as his cousin pressed her enormous
tits against his hot ass cheeks, when she moved onto blowing his father, Jack
gliding down her throat with ease.

     Hot cum exploded against Monica's cheek and splashed back onto Judy's heavy
chest. Monica and Judy purred as semen gushed forth to paint them as the whores
they knew themselves to be.

     Jack cock plowed into his niece's face one last time, causing a throatgasm
that almost made her choke. Jack made it up the little slut by giving her a
pearl necklace like no other.

     Ross' cock found itself crushed between four massive melons, his sister's
and his mother's, while Monica's hungrily slipped her mother the tongue. Finally
I've found a way not only to please that uptight bitch, but also to shut her up
too! Monica realized.

     Monica buried the finger's of one hand into Judy's dripping wet cunt and
the other into the ass of her cousin, driving both women wild.

     Jack moved behind his daughter and taking moment to full absorb the fact
that he was about to fuck his own daughter, something he'd dream of since she'd
turned into such a hot piece of ass, before drilling his big cock into his
lovely daughter's hot, wet, and welcoming cunt.

     The tightness of Monica's cock slurping cunt was almost painful, but that
just drove Jack to piston into his daughter with greater cruelty and beastly
ferocity.

     Ross' cousin added her own planetary jugs to the mix, so that Ross' cock
was enveloped by six lovely and large tits.

     Monica's tongue moved from her mother's mouth to snake between her cousin
lips, french kissing the lovely brunette.

     Monica's nails dug into the tender tit meat of her cousin and mother when
she climaxed, cumming hard enough that her screams of joy could be heard even
with her tongue battling with her cousin's. Monica's Mother and cousin joined
in, their orgasmic scream, mixing harmoniously with Monica's like a three piece
cum slut orchestra.

     Hot cum flooded Monica's slut tunnels, till it dripped down her thighs.

     Ross' cock was like a fountain, a geyser of semen burst into the air, only
to land on six heaving tits.

    

     Poor Mona had hidden behind the sofa, hoping no one when notice another hot
blond with huge tits.

     A group of Geeks from the Anthropology department at Ross' university had
other ideas. They had decided that they wanted to see if they could apply an
ancient cow milking technique to the milking of the beautiful blond woman, so
they grabbed her, pulling her into the mix.

     Still one woman wasn't much of a herd so they barrowed Emily, Joey's former
roommate, and Jill Goodacre.

     Mona gasped as her sweater was yanked up, revealing sweater meat the had to
be 38FF easily. Her jeans were next, lost in a puddle around her ankles before
she knew what was happening

     Poor Mona was then forced over a bucket, on her hands and knees where one
of the nerds grabbed her huge tits and gave them a squeeze. Twin beams of milk
leapt from her nipples to land squarely in the bucket.

     Mona had never experienced anything so demeaning or arousing, which had the
blond panting for breath.

     Emily was next to find herself over a bucket. Two nerds on either side of
her grabbed a huge melon in his hand and pulled hard, sending two streaming of
slut milk into the bucket. Emily too, found she was enjoying the humiliation and
sensation of being milk.

     "You like being milked don't you slut" one of the nerds with his hands on
her tits asked her. "Fuck yes! Milk me like a wet cunt, treat me like a filthy
tart!" Emily implored, losing herself in her vulgar usage.

     Roommate was next, although she was being milked with needle nose pliers
instead of by hand, tugging hard on her nipples till milk squirted out and into
the bucket. "Oh, Gawd yes, milk me like a fucking cow" the beautiful slut
moaned, savouring the pain and the humiliation.

     "Ohhhhhhh" Mona groan as she because awash in a multititgasmic experience
so intense she almost fell into the bucket of her milk.

     Mona couldn't believe this, here she was a beautiful, intelligent,
successful, modern woman, with some fat greasy loser's hands squeezing her huge
tits against her will, milking her as if she were nothing more the human cattle.

     The worst part was Mona felt more alive, more excited, and more vibrant
then she'd ever had. It was like the butterflies in her stomach were all went
all the way up into her big tits and all the way down into her sweet little
cunt.

     Jill Goodacre was placed in front of Mona, who was in turned threatened
with a whipping if she didn't start milking Goodacre.

     Apologizing with her eyes, Mona went to work, squeezing the other woman's
mammoth tits, till milk squirted out and into the bucket, while the nerds milked
Mona in turn. Mona just wished that Jill's tits didn't feel so good in her
hands.


     Judy had found a giant strap-on and was sodomizing her daughter Monica with
it, the same strap-on Phoebe had fucked Monica with, a few days before. Judy was
cupping Monica's heavy tits in her hands, pressing her own over sized jugs
against Monica's back.

     "Oh fuck Monica, I've want this for so long, it's why was such a bitch all
these years, guilt over being in lust with my own daughter, can you ever forgive
me?" Judy asked as her cock plundered Monica backside.

     "I'll forgive you as long as you promise that I get to fuck you whenever I
want" Monica moaned, her ass pounding made hotter by the thought of fucking her
mother at every opportunity.

     "Deal, as long as it at least once a week" Judy counted hooked on her
daughter's sweet pussy and ass, not to mention Monica's amazing chest.

     Monica signalled her agreement by having a massive assgasm, so powerful it
sent her mind reeling.


     "Chandler take your hands off my tits, I your mother for chirstsakes!" Mrs.
Bing complained as Chandler kneaded her soft tits. The huge orbs yielded to his
hands, humiliating his mother, a fair turn about considering all the times she'd
humiliated him.

     "Chandler, I'm your mother, I can't and  won't suck your dick" Mrs. Bing
complained as Chandler presented cock to her mouth.

     "If you didn't, if you don't...I'll make you read your own trashy novels,
all 500 of them!" Chandler threatened to his mother's horror. He knew that while
loved writing them, she secretly hated reading them, they were god awful, and
she didn't know if she could survive reading them all.

     Mrs. Bing took Chandler's dick in her hand and started licking her own
son's dick, getting wet at the taste. Once it was all shiny with her spit, she
stuffed it passed her red lips, slurping her son's hog like a sex addict.

     Chandler moaned and leaned back against the wall as he forced his mother to
devour his man meat like a wolverine on a steak, the blond little bitch a vortex
of incestuous cock sucking action.

     Mrs. Bing could feel Chandler's balls tightening up her massaging hands, so
she prepared herself as best she could for the first taste of her son's sperm,
but she failed.

     As Chandler's hot creamy sperm flooded his mother's mouth, the realization
that she was drinking her own son's cum, made her so hot, it had her cumming as
she gulped back his gooey mess, thirsty for more, and disappointed when the last
drop was drained.


     "Please don't do this, don't forcing me into slavery!" Joey's sister
pleaded as she was being held over the lap of a tattoo artist that was tattooing
Property of Ross on her tail bone, just about her hot ass. It was bad enough
that Joey had raped her for his friends amusement, but spending the rest of her
life as sex slave terrified her.

     Ross shoved his dick into her wet mouth in order her to silence her. Now
that I owned her, she'd better get used to sucking on it Ross decided.

     Forcing his dick down her tight throat, Ross fucked the whimpering girl's
face, till the finely crafted tattoo was finished, at which point pulled out and
blew his load in her face, marking his territory with jizz and finishing the
job.

     Janice was next and while he hated her laugh as much as the next guy, he'd
make sure that she had dick in her mouth so often she'd never have a chance to
annoy him. He had Joey fuck Janice's face, as Property of Ross was tattooed onto
her ass. The door bell had rung and as host Ross felt he should be the one to
answer it.

     Ross went to answer the door bell and was surprised by who was at the door.
It was Leo with Grace.

     "Grace here used my money to buy herself a giant pair of tits, which was
the last straw as far as I concerned, pissing money away like that, she too much
of a rich bitch for a humanitarian like me, she needs to be taken down a few
pegs and word is that you're the guy to do it" Leo explained.

     "Here pal, she's your problem now" Leo offered, handing the red headed
interior decorator to Ross.

     "Get you hands off me!" Grace screamed as Ross yanked her dress down,
wanting to see what Leo's money could buy. Twin mountains of perfectly formed
tits leaped from Grace's dress to gently smack Ross in the face with their soft,
but firm flesh.

     Ignoring Grace's whine, Ross snacked on her tit meat till some one else
rang the door bell, handing Grace to some guys he didn't even remember letting
in, so he could answer the door.

     Opening the door, he noticed that the party had spilled over into the hall
way with the hottest woman in the building being raped ion various positions and
ways, from wine bottles up the ass, to huge vise grips torturing tender young
breasts, to gang rapes of terrified neighbours.

     Ross was excited. He'd heard of wild fire parties that spread like a bush
fire before, but he'd never thought that one of his birthday parties would ever
be cool enough for that to happen to him.

     The guy who'd rang the bell was holding the hands of two beautiful women,
behind their backs. "I'm Andy, I hear it pays to bring some booty for the boss,
so I brought my sisters" he said handing them to Ross.

     "Jim going to kill you!" Cheryl complained as Andy pulled her top up, along
with her sister's, to show Ross the best part of his gift.

     Two massive sets of tits burst free from their confines. Ross pushed the
sisters together so that their meaty melons slapped noisily together. Cheryl
hated to admit it, but having tits smacking against her sister's equally heavy
chest was making her cunt tingle, especial because it was her brother that
forcing their tits to collide. Dana was disgusted to find she felt to same way,
finding a growing sexual attraction to her sister.

     "Take them and go have some fun, I've got to piss soon or I'll burst" Ross
offered, handing the sisters back to their brother.

     Ross decided to go off the balcony, he needed fresh air and a break from
the unbelievable madness. His birthday rape party had became a monster that was
growing out of control.

     As he got onto the balcony, he saw that things outside were no better.
Things had spread outside, women were being pulled out of their homes and being
gang raped right in the middle of the streets, near a meter maid and cops!

     They were busy enough as it was. The poor meter maid had her skirt pushed
up and being raped by the cop she had foolishly given a ticket, her blouse
ripped open so that her bare tits were crushed up against the cold metal of the
cop car. Her massive orbs moved up and down the metal with every thrust.

     He beautiful face was framed by two golden bangs, which escaped the cap she
still wore. Her blue eyes were filled with so much pain, that Ross knew he just
had to find away to make it worse.

     Aiming his dick at her face, Ross started pissing, his urine flying through
the cold air. He was so high up, that only half his piss hit her in the face,
but moan of disgust rang clearly through the night air.

     Ross could smell smoke and looked up see that the riot he'd caused was
spreading throughout New York, building were burning everywhere. Looting was
widespread as well, but rapes were still by face the most prevent crime being
committed.

     Finishing peeing he went back inside.

    

     Rachael tits were still bouncing around as Gunther plugged away at her
cunt, only now he had shark skin wrapped around his cock, adding to Rachael's
agony, which had her cumming harder. "Oh God Gunther, feed me that cock, fuck my
god damn brains out" Rachael begged, almost crying with need, as the blond
manager of Central Perk filled her with his fuck meat.

     With a roar, Gunther blasted his hot load inside her, painting the walls of
her cunt with sperm.

     It wasn't enough punishment as far as Gunther was concerned, so Gunther
started pissing inside Rachael, till urine spilled out of her to soak Ross'
sofa.

     Gunther pulled out to find new prey, while Rachael staggered away, her cunt
still in agony from his brutal fucking.


     Seeing that the sofa was free one of the nerds who had finished their
milking experiment, shoved Mona's face into the pissed soaked spot, forcing her
to lap up the piss and cum, as he aimed his cock at her dripping wet snatch.

     Mona's muffled pleas for mercy, her attempts to beg him not to rape her,
were ignored as shoved his big cock into tight young cunt, pushing deeper and
deeper into the blonds pussy, till his pubic hair was tickling her ass.

     The nerd grabbed one of Mona's soft breasts in his left hand and used his
free hand to keep her face shoved into the smelly urine soaked patch of sofa.

     Mona's cries for mercy turned to begging for it harder, as the nerd slammed
dick meat into her, her cunt milking the sperm from his cock as she came, sperm
flooding her slut tunnel as she was born away of the wings of a multigasm. The
next nerd took his turn raping Mona, keeping her head pressed against the
defiled part of Ross's sofa.


     Phoebe smacked her sister across the face, making it clear to her tied up
and now naked sister that she was in charge. "I said suck my cunt bitch!" Phoebe
shouted, shouted shoving her sister's face into her dripping wet cunt.

     Phoebe had her legs wrapped around her sister's head, while sitting on
Ursula's huge tits, bouncing up and down on Ursula's jugs, to encourage her
sister to eat her snatch with much more enthusiasm.

     It was as Phoebe was about to cum, that a strange pair of hands grabbed her
by the tits, driving her over the edge.

     "Oh Ursula your fucking bitch, your making me cum!" Phoebe screamed,
rubbing her cunt all over her twins face.

     "Sorry pal, go join in with someone else, this is a sister act alone"
Phoebe warned the guy as she tried to pry his fingers away from her ample
breasts, once her climax had subsided.

     The guy reacted by pushing her off the chair, onto her sister, their tits
pressed together, before pouncing on Phoebe and ramming his dick up her ass in a
single thrust eliciting a scream of agony from Phoebe. Ursula just smiled as it
was Phoebe's turn to be raped.

     Phoebe looked over her shoulder to see who raping her sweet ass, to find to
her shock it was Frank, she was being raped by her own brother!

     Oh my god this is what Monica must of felt when she was first raped by
Ross! Phoebe realized as she moaned in pleasure from the bum fucking she was
receiving from her own bother, her massive tits gliding against her sisters huge
tits, thanks to the sweat soaking both women and power of her brother's thrusts.


     Tears were in Grace's eyes as Ross' balls slapped against her chin, his
hands forcing her mouth to move up and down his cock, even shoving his cock meat
down her throat.

     What was even worse than having her lovely face raped was the Property of
Ross tattoo that now adorned her tail bone region.

     To think that she gone from being a successful interior designer to being
this strange man's property and fuck toy, his gigantic cock fucking her face to
the cheers of those who watched.

     His cock popped out from her mouth so that his cum could spray her in the
face to her humiliation.

     She was passed to some fat guy who promptly forced her onto her back, on
the floor, so he could her rape while looking her in the eyes, drinking in her
humiliation as he made cum so hard that she was left dizzy from lack of air as
she screamed out, signalling her utter defeat, her own climax destroying her
last ounce of dignity and free will, remaking her into a willing fuck slut for
the guys around her.

     As the next guy took his turn raping her, the big titted red head was the
loudest voice cheering him on.


     Mona was next to be draped across the tattoo artists lap, fresh sperm still
dripping from her cunt. "Please Ross, if you have any feelings left for me don't
do this, don't brand with a tattoo like I'm just some fuck cattle" the beautiful
blond beseeched Ross, reminding them of their shared past.

     Ross responded by calling someone's dog over and having it jump up on the
arm rest of the chair the tattoo artist was sitting in, so that Mona's mouth was
with in reach of its cock. "Please Ross, no, this is too sick, even for you" the
tearful blond begged.

     "You have two choices, either the dog with fucking you in the ass, or you
can beg me to allow to you blow him instead" Ross offered, chuckling at the
vulgar ultimatum.

     Forcing back her disgust, Mona chose to blow the dog instead of fucking it,
even though she had ask to suck it first. "Please master, let wrap my red lips
around that dog cock, I love sucking dogs off, drinking their sperm, it tastes
so good to a slut like me" she begged, disgusted with herself.

     Opening her mouth wide, while Ross encouraged the dog to stick its dick in
her mouth, Mona could still barely get her lips around the dogs man meat, nearly
choking on it as it moved over her taste buds, to lodge its knot in her throat.
The dogs paws clawed at the Mona's back, as it fucked the humiliated blonds
face.

     It was then that the tattoo artists went to working tagging the hot blond
slut with a Property of Ross brand on top of her tail bone.

     As the artist finished, the dog unleashed its sperm, which Mona obediently
swallowed to the last drop.

     The dog jumped off the chair and moved away, forcing Mona to tag along, at
least until the knot went down.

     It was an amazing sight, the blond fallowing the dog around on her hands
and knees with its dick still trapped in her wet mouth. To Mona's horror, the
dog was getting hard again and she'd have keep blowing it if she ever hoped to
get free, until it stopped getting erections, which meant she'd have drain its
balls completely.


     Ross was excited as someone brought in a pair of horses into his out of
control party. "This is the coolest party ever" he announced proudly as he
decided on which sluts were going to be the first to ride the horses.

     His hot cousin was busy blowing her uncles, all five of them including
Ross' dad, switching from cock to cock just before her uncle, on the receiving
end of her hot mouth, was about to blow his creamy load.

     His sister was getting a blowjob from their mother, fucking Judy's face
with the strap-on, preparing to blow fake cum in her mother's face.

     Suzy, that red head that had humiliated Chandler by getting him to strip in
a public bathroom and then running off with his clothes, was being pulled into
bathroom by the Bing himself.

     Rachael was free though, staring around her at all naked screaming and
pleading women that were being raped in all kinds of different ways, shell
shocked and confused.

     Plus Mrs. Bing was free, tyring to hide under a desk from the madness,
while Joey was raping Emily, Ross' exwife, on top of the same desk, happily
pounding away into Emily's tight cunt, while she begged him to stop, her huge
tits dancing about beautifully on her chest.

     Grabbing Rachael and Chandler's mom, Ross brought them over to the horses.
"Look Ross, fucking you was your birthday present, but I said  nothing about
horses" Rachael reminded Ross as she tried to back away.

     "But I thought you loved horses, you alway told me how much loved your
first horse" Ross countered, pushing Rachael under the closest horse.

     Rachael landed on her hands and knees, her cunt close enough to the horse's
cock to feel the heat coming off it. To make matters worse it did remind Rachael
of the horse her daddy had gotten for her, reminding her how she'd played with
herself ever night during high school, fantasying what it be like to lose her
virginity to a horse, something she'd never spoken of to anyone, not even to
Monica.

     "You know this wasn't what I meant Ross, when I said I loved my horse"
Rachael complained angrily.

     "This horse is getting kind of horny, I don't know, maybe if you fuck him
he won't trample you by accident" Ross suggested mischievously.

     Looking up, Rachael could see Ross was right. "Please Ross help me get out
from under here" Rachael begged.

     Ross just turned to Mrs. Bing, ignore Rachael's pleas for help, forcing her
under the other horse, with her mouth just inches from the horse's cock.

     Rachael was getting scared as the horse was getting excited. Rachael bite
her lip, knowing that she'd have take the animal dick inside of her if she
didn't want to be trampled.

     Rachael whimpered as she pushed back against the horses cock, feeling her
pussy lips spread as the massive dick entered her tight, red hot, pussy.

     Rachael whimpering turned into aroused moaning at the horse's balls slapped
against her ass as she fucked the powerful stallion, pushing back against the
horse as it buck forward, fucking the rich cunt for all she was worth.

     Chandler mom wasn't in any better shape. Her jaw ached and her chin hurt as
the horse's balls slapped against it loudly, but she still sucked on the
stallion's dick like the champion cock sucking slut that she was.

     She was amazed and to her shame proud, that she'd gotten the whole thing
down her throat, the MILF sucking on the horse meat with abandon.

     The stallion whinnied and Chandler's mom got a mouthful of cum as her
reward, the MILF throat aching as she swallowed the beasts jizz as fast as she
could, so as not to choke. She just wished both the cock in her mouth and sperm
it was pumping out, didn't taste so damn good.

     "The horse's cock feels sooo fucking good, give it to me harder horsy, feed
me your big juicy cock!" Rachael cried out as the horse gave her one of the best
fucks she'd ever had.

     "Damn you Ross, I can't believe I'm fucking a horse and loving every minute
of it" Rachael complained, fucking the horse harder as she did so.

     Rachael's screams as she came on the horse's cock were a orchestra of
orgasmic screams, groans of ecstasy and pleas for more horse cock.

     The contractions of Rachael's cunt as she came milked the stallion of it
precious sperm, guzzling the spunk the same way Ross was going to make Rachael's
mouth drink it soon enough.

Orgy to be continued in Ross' Revenge episode 6: King of New York.       




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





