BDSM Library - Night of the Living Friends




Night of the Living Friends
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: During the funeral for Monica's Grandmother, Rachael mistakenly sits on a tombstone, unleasing the graveyards curse.
                        By Omega Phallic

                  Night of the living Friends.


     "Shit my other shoe!" Rachael cursed as the heel on her shoe broke off.

     Already one shoe was ruined as she and her friends walked through the
graveyard to where Ross and Monica's Grandmother was being buried.

     "Hey, look, guys you go ahead, while Phoebe and I help Rachael back to car,
I have some crutches there" Monica offered, waving everybody else on.

     As everyone disappeared from view, Monica had Rachael sit down on a
tombstone so she could check her ankle.

     "Oh no, you can't sit down on a tombstone, you'll be cursed, it's the grave
of serial rapist as if the normal curse wasn't bad enough!" Phoebe cried out,
stopping Rachael from sitting down on tombstone.

     "Damn, Phoebe, Rachael hurt, I'm sorry we don't time for your
superstitions" Monica countered, making Rachael sit her sweet ass down on the
tombstone.

     Monica rubbed Rachael's ankle. "Well, it appears to be all right, all
though your going to have to walk there in your bare feet and I suggest taking
your time walking, but at least you don't need the crutches Rach" Monica
advised, helping Rachael to her feet.

     It was as Rachael got to her feet that the earth shuddered, knocked her ass
back down onto the tombstone with a meaty thwack.

     A pair of hands reached up and pushed Rachael onto her hands and knees on
top of the grave. The zombie that owned the grave tore himself free of his home.

     Breathing a stinky green cloud of spores at Rachael, the prostrated
beauty's dress started to strain against her chest as her now milk laden tits
grew large, yet without any sag.

     As Monica and Phoebe breathed in the spores, their tits grew just as big as
Rachael's and just as full of milk. Phoebe looked down her new boobs and ran
screaming towards help.

     "Grabbed that stick and hit it Mon!" Rachael scream as the zombie ripped
the panties right off her, exposing her beautiful ass and shaved cunt.

     Rachael saw Monica grab it, but she attacked by a zombie and at that point
Rachael decided to focus on freeing herself.

     Rachael tried to crawl away, but a pair of zombie hands burst from the
ground, to grab a hold of her huge breasts, kneading Rachael's tits till to her
embarrassment as she started getting wet.

     The hands then tore open the front of Rachael's dress, allowing her massive
mountains to escape from their cloth prison.

     Feeling the dead things hands on her newly exposed breasts, Rachael's body
betrayed her, the pleasure radiating in her milk melons causing her to thrust
more of her mam meat into the tit loving undead hands. Squeezing harder, the
zombie hands cause milk to squirt from her nipples.

     The zombie was now free to aim its cock at Rachael's dripping wet snatch,
rubbing its cock against her pretty clit and slit. Grabbing Rachael's hips, it
impaled her on the full length of its immense green cock. As an added cruelty to
its victim, the zombie smacked Rachael's sweet ass, indicting that it wanted her
to fuck him back.

     Rachael resisted at first, but eventually gave in, bucking against its cock
aggressively.

     Rachael's wet juices dribbled down the zombie cock, her eyes shut, lost in
the shear pleasure of the forceful fucking the zombie was giving her.

     Zombie smacked Rachael's ass again, making Rachael fuck faster. "That right
smack that ass, smack my fucking ass, fuck my brains out you dead motherfucker,
oh god yes, fuck my god damn brains out!" Rachael screamed, almost sobbing with
need.

     The head, belonging to the hands groping Rachael's heavy breast, popped out
of the ground and an impossibly long tongue emerged from its toothy grin,
licking her tit meat, driving her milk, and driving Rachael the rest of the way
to a full body climax, the zombie fucking slut's body quaking in the awe
inspiring power of her orgasm.

     Rachael's shame knew no end. No only had she had an orgasm as that...that,
thing raped her, but it was the best fuck she'd ever had, her tight cunt having
never felt so full or well used.

     Slimy jizz bathed the walls of her tight cunt, soaking them in zombie
sperm. Rachael hung her head in shame as the creamy whitish green sperm trigger
another mind bending orgasm in her well fucked cunt.

     The zombie pulled out of her tight slit and Rachael dared to think her
ordeal was over. Rachael looked over her shoulder to see a long line of zombie's
waiting for their turn to rape her.

     "God no, please don't do this" Rachael prayed, struggling to get free, but
unable to rid of the zombie hands squeezing her tits.


     Monica was having problems of her own. She managed to use the stick to
knock the head of the zombie that was attacking her towards the far end of
graveyard, but that failed to stop it from grabbing her and forcing her arms
behind her back.

     Another zombie joined it, ripping the front of Monica's dress open, her
gigantic tits bursting free. The zombie's tongue extended from it mouth till it
wrapped itself around Monica's soft tits, savouring the taste of the raven
haired beauty's tit meat.

     The headless zombie meanwhile was ripping the rest of Monica's dress off
her, taking her panties with it, leaving Monica naked, but for her jewellery and
her black high heels.

     "Please, please stop" Monica moaned, shocked that her breasts were
responding to the tongue of the zombie.

     The zombie tongue grew longer so that it could shove its slobbering tongue
between Monica's massive mounds of tit meat, fucking her tits with its evil
tongue.

     As Monica opened her mouth to complain, the tongue shot inside, soul
kissing Monica while it fucked her tits with growing speed.

     Monica could even taste precum from a slit on the zombie's tongue, salty
sweet taste, making both her nauseous and wet.

     The headless zombie smacked her ass, indicating with a gesture that she
should blow the zombie's tongue.

     Monica's mouth bobbed up and down the zombie's tongue as girl juice soaked
her cunt. She loathed herself for getting wet, but it drove her onto sucking
harder and faster, her head a blur of blowjob artistry.

     It was her finest BJ and as such, Monica was rewarded with a mouthful of
whitish green zombie cum. Monica swallowed every drop as the tongue fucking her
huge milk bags had the audacity to make her cream, sending titgasm after titgasm
shooting through her hooters in a cornucopia of pleasure.

     The headless zombie let go of Monica, who fell backwards onto her bum, so
that it could find and reattach it's head.

     The other growled and gestured that Monica was to spread her legs wide.
Looking over at her best friend Rachael, who was being raped by her second
zombie, Monica knew what was going to happen to her.

     Staring at the zombie's sharp teeth, Monica did as she was told, deciding
that being raped was better than being lunch. Spreading her legs with a sob,
Monica gasped as the zombie lowered itself on top of her, its dick pressing
against her cunt chasm

     The zombie's hands slipped between their body's so it could squeeze and
grope Monica's firm tits, before thrusting inside her.

     Monica tits jiggled enticingly as the zombie buried it huge throbbing
undead dick inside her wet and welcoming cunt, making Monica cry out at the
violation.

     Letting go of Monica ample charms, the zombie sat up straight and grabbed
her hips, and started fucking her in earnest. Monica's tits swayed in circles
thanks to furious pounding the zombie was dealing out to her tight little cunt.

     Monica clawed the ground as there was little else she could do while the
zombie fucked the living shit out of her. "God yes, give me your fuck meat,
shove big cock into me, give me a royal fucking" Monica begged, delirious from
the brutal fucking she was receiving from the zombie.

     Monica's cum strained the zombie's cock as it plundered her treasure, her
tight cunt slurping away on the mighty beast between the zombie's legs.

     Monica instinctively snapped up as her climax hit, shoving hr big breasts
into the zombie's face as she came all over its cock, marinating the zombie's
dick in girl juice. Monica bounced up and down on its dick as waves of orgasmic
bliss stole her sanity away.

     When she had returned to her sense, Monica was utterly horrified by what
had occurred, she'd actual had an orgasm on the zombie's wizen greenish grey
dick.

     The zombie squeezed painfully hard on her tits until she resumed bouncing
on its cock, the massive man meat bringing her off again, before shooting its
load deep inside her.

     Monica laid back down, deciding to rest quickly before the next zombie took
its turn. Monica opened her eyes as felt a new dick pushing against her cunt,
but it wasn't a zombie that was about to fuck her, it was a wolf, a pack of them
in fact, all on the leash of the woman behind the zombie curse. Elvira Queen of
the Dark.


     Phoebe ran like a manic. She knew she should help her friends, but she'd
warned them about sitting on the tombstone, it was their own fault.

     Still she felt guilty, seeing her friends being raped by those things
shouldn't gotten her wet, but she was soaked, her panties absorbing enough of
her cunt juice that it wasn't running down her legs thankfully, but still it was
shameful Phoebe decided.

     Phoebe felt something slithering up her leg. Having gained a great amount
of distance from the zombies, Phoebe reached for what she assumed to be a snake.

     Phoebe's shriek was ear piercing when her hand came back up from under her
dress holding a huge moving cock, with balls still attached, but no owner that
Phoebe could see.

     The dick moved of its own accord, fucking Phoebe's hand. Phoebe tossed it
away, but she could feel dozens of other zombie cocks, moving up her dress,
ripping it to shred in the process, all searching for a hole to rape.

     Phoebe ran screaming while cocks finished off her clothes, till only the
elastic band from her panties where left, causing her to trip when they fell to
her ankles.

     Phoebe rolled onto her back, trying to stop a pair of the zombie cocks from
entering her ass, but she failed, howling in pain as her ass was filled with
undead dick meat.

     Another pair of zombie cocks, forced her sopping wet pussy lips open so
that an other pair could worm their way inside her.

     Phoebe didn't know how the cocks were pounding noisily into her tight cunt
once they were inside her, but she chalked it up to the same evil magic that had
animated them to undead life in the first place.

     Two cock started slapping Phoebe titties cruelly, until Phoebe finally gave
in screaming "alright already, I shove my tits together so can fuck them, but
stop it already!"

     Phoebe pressed her mountainous melons together, creating a heavenly valley
of tit meat, for the zombie cocks to fuck.

     The three dozen or so zombie cocks that hadn't found a hole yet, slipping
between Phoebe huge breasts, fucking her mam meat fervently, all except for the
biggest, which made its way to her mouth.

     This cock was different from the rest, it wasn't from a human, it was from
a horse, and it silenced Phoebe's pleas for mercy, forcing its way between her
lips, making sure it come into constant contact with Phoebe's taste buds.

     Phoebe struggled for awhile, but realized it was futile. At the rate the
zombie cocks were going they'd have her cumming in no time and there precious
little she could do about it.

     Phoebe's back arched as she felt an orgasm preparing to hit her, trying to
push it back, not wanting to cum for these monsters, but the pleasure and pain
was too great and Phoebe broke, her screams as climaxed muffled by the zombie
horse cock tickling her tonsils.

     A wave of titgasms followed her normal clit and G-spot orgasms, only to be
replaced in turn by an assgasm, which was replaced by more clit and G-spot
orgasms.

     Phoebe felt her mind cracking, it was too much pleasure for her mind to
take, she had to make them cum soon or she'd lose her mind.

     Using her cunt muscles, ass muscles, and her throat muscles, not to mention
her hot cock sucking talents, Phoebe milked the cocks with every thing she had.

     Just she was about break, the cocks started cumming, one after the other,
whitish green jizz, spraying all over her heavy chest, splashing her face, and
rewarding her neck with a pearl necklace.

     The cocks fucking her tight holes were next, the zombie cocks in her ass
were first, filling Phoebe's ass with so much cum, she felt like she was
shitting herself, the zombie cocks in her narrow cunt were next, drowning her
sweet pussy with zombie guy goo, leaving the best for last.

     Phoebe like an expert sword swallower, pulled the horse zombie cock from
her mouth, and started stroking it, beating it off with one hand while holding
it up by the balls with the other.

     "That right cum in face, give me face full horse cum, I'm begging for it
like a cheap whore, decorate my face with your sperm, please master!" Phoebe
begged, trying to get it to cum before it forced its way back down her throat.

     Phoebe's request was granted, the horse's cock blew its load in her lovely
face, cum gushing out of it like a fountain, until its grape fruit sized balls
were no bigger than a pair of peas.

     Phoebe's was completely soaked with zombie horse cock sperm, which left
Phoebe in shock. She taken many a facial in her time, but nothing like this.


     Monica looked the wolf in the eyes as it shoved its dick inside her.
Monica's mind railed against the unnatural act being commit upon her by what
looked like a very well hung dog.

     Turning her head to look over at Elvira with pleading eyes, Monica begged
for mercy. "Please, help me, get him off me!" she begged, hoping to appeal to
her fellow woman, but Elvira shrugged instead.

     "You do the crime, you do the time, you used a tombstone as a seat in a
graveyard under my protection, you deal with my curse" Elvira answered,
explaining the rules as she used her leash to encourage her wolf to rape Monica
harder.

     Monica's breathing grew heavier as she the wolf drove her rapidly to
another orgasm. Monica sobbed silently at the intensity of the orgasm caused by
the wolf pounding away into lovely and tight twat.

     This just excited the wolf more, who fucked her with greater passion,
trying to see if it could make her cum again.

     Monica grabbed her big tits by the base and squeezed them hard as the wolf
succeed, making her throw her head back and scream as an even greater climax
slipped past her defences, tit milk squirting from her nipples to be lapped up
by the wolf.

     The wolf responded to her howls of ecstasy with howls of its own, pumping
furiously into the incredible beauty.

     Monica felt the wolf cum inside, it jizz hot, creamy, and sticky. Monica's
hot cunt instinctively milked the beast of every last drop it had to offer her
tight hole, before its knot went down, and the wolf moved aside for the next
one.

     Monica gasped as the new wolf shoved its cock into the debased and
humiliated young woman as another member of the pack moved so it was standing
over Monica's head, it cock just inches from her mouth.

     It was bad enough to have been fucked by a zombie and to been made to enjoy
it, it was even worse to be gangraped by a pack of wolves and being forced to
cum Monica learned.

     The wolf by her head growled and Monica took the hint, slipping its big
dick into her slurping mouth, blowing the animal zestfully. The wolf was almost
whimpering from the intense pleasure Monica's first class blowjob was giving it.

     Wolf jizz ended up coating Monica's tongue to her embarrassment. Before she
could finish swallowing another wolf was pressing its dick against her lips.
Having no choice, Monica took him in her mouth too, giving the shaggy beast some
seriously great head.

     The last wolf in the pack worked its way onto Monica's body, till it was in
position to stick its dick between her gorgeous big breasts. Monica pushed her
breasts together around its cock, encouraging the beast to start fucking her
ample chest.

     The wolf fucking her tits was first to make Monica cum, her tender tit
flaring up with pleasure as a series of titgasms exploded within. This made
Monica actively rub her tits up and down its shaft until its seed was squirting
all over her beautiful breasts and neck.

     The wolf in her mouth, pulled out and painted Monica's beautiful face with
thick ropy wads of sperm, making it first animal to give Monica a richly
deserved facial, while the wolf fucking her cunt pulled out and did the same to
her fit stomach, its sperm glistening in the sunlight.

    

     Rachael was getting double fucked. The zombie that had been mauling her
oversized hooters, was fucking her cunt from underneath, while another zombie,
the tenth one to rape Rachael so far, was butt fucking her sweet virgin ass.

     "Give it too me, that feels so fucking good, feed me that fuck cocks your
rotting bastards, if going rape me, rape hard!" Rachael shouted, the thorough
fucking she had received from the zombie's threatening to break her will and
transform her into a mindless slut.

     "Oh that nice, that's the spot, make me cum, make cum all over your evil
dicks!" pleaded Rachael, so close to the orgasm that would make her
transformation into a mindless slut complete.

     Rachael shoved her huge tits into the face of the zombie under her,
enveloping it with so much tit meat that if it needed to breath, it would have
suffocated, as she came, her cunt and ass sucking at the dick meat that so
totally filled her.

     Zombie sperm flooded Rachael's holes as her mind altering climax finished
her transformation into a mindless slut.

     The zombies moved away, so that others could have their turn with the fuck
meat.


     The huge demon that had ripped free from the ground just ten feet from
Phoebe, now had her soft globes in its rough hands as the beautiful blond lay on
her back, too terrified of huge red visage playing with her heavy breasts to
move.

     Phoebe bite her lip as she felt the beasts two cocks pressing at her holes,
preparing to violate the busty slut.

     Phoebe's fists pounded the ground uselessly as the demon stabbed forwards
with its pricks, getting only half of its cock meat inside the tiny cunt and ass
of the hot blond.

     Grabbing Phoebe's hips, it pulled back and thrust forward, slamming into
Phoebe up to the hilt as she screamed "oh my god!"

     Using Phoebe's fun bags as something to hold onto in order into rape her
harder, the demon grinned wickedly as Phoebe whimpered under its brutal assault.
It was too much cock to handle, it felt too good.

     Phoebe's back arched forcing more mam meat into the demon's hands as she
had the first of many orgasms induced by the evil slabs of cock meat violating
her inner sanctums

     The more Phoebe came, the harder it fucked her, which had her cumming
harder, which meant it fucked her harder yet. Poor Phoebe was lost in a hell of
orgasmic bliss, a heaven of delightful torments.

     Phoebe was begging for it now, fucking the demon back, almost passed the
point of no return where she would become a mindless slut, just like Rachael
had.

     With great strength, the demon stood up, picking Phoebe up with it so that
Phoebe was sitting on its dick, looking the thing in the eyes, her huge tits
crushed against its red hot chest.

     Smacking her sweet ass, it forced Phoebe to do all the work now, forcing
her to bounce up and down its pussy juice covered cock.

     Phoebe fucked it hard, driving it close too cumming, but she wasn't broken
yet. The beast had to act fast or lose its chance to break the blond bitch
forever.

     Pulling Phoebe off its cocks, it spun her around and bent her over a
tombstone ironically, before ramming both of its throbbing dicks up her ass,
sodomizing the hell out of the stunning blond.

     Phoebe's tits swayed and bounced as the demon raped her superb ass, giving
her the butt fucking it knew she'd always dreamed of in a secret part of her
mind she pretended didn't exist.

     The assgasm to end all assgasms that she experienced was the breaking point
for her, transforming her into a mindless slut, just like Rachael, the demon
could see its victory in her eyes, rewarding the blond bitch with all the cum
she could want in her ass, before forcing her to her knees to lick the cum and
brown streaks off its dicks.

    

     "Monica, you're the last hope for your friends" Monica's Grandmother told
her, her ghost appearing before her Granddaughter in a youthful form, resembling
her Granddaughter to a remarkable degree, looking almost like twins.

     Monica could see thru her and she wasn't sure she was really there, but it
wasn't anymore crazy then the rest of it.

     Elvira was approaching her, so Monica didn't have much time. "How can I
stop her?" she asked, looking over her shoulder at the Queen of the Darkness,
who of all things was shoving an electric eel into her cunt.

     "You've got to steal the amulet around her neck, the sliver tombstone that
is encased in amber...aaaahhh" Monica's Grandmother screamed, as Elvira's
strange magic hit her and she became solid.

     Elvira, who had transformed the eel in her cunt into a big black cock,
smirked at the two Gellar women. "I'm going to break you fucking Gellar cunts
long before you get a chance at the amulet, but just encase..." Elvira said,
trailing off as she turned her magic to the two Gellar women.

     Monica's hands glittered for a moment and before she could stop herself she
ripped her Grandmother's blouse open, freeing her tits, were now huge thanks to
the spores in the air.

     Monica's Grandmother's hands weren't innocent either, grabbing to handfuls
of Monica's tits in each hand.

     She tried to pull away from her Granddaughter's delectable breasts, but her
hands would cramp up right away, forcing her to put her hands back on Monica's
tits.

     The magic got worse as Monica's mouth desperately sought her Grandmothers,
hungrily tongue kissing her. Their tongues duelled inside their mouths, as
Monica's hands stripped her Grandmother naked of their own accord. Every time
Monica tried to stop, pain shot through her hands, forcing them back onto her
Grandmother.

     Soon they were both naked, their large tits pressed against each other's
flat stomach, as Elvira used her magic to force them to eat each other out,
tongues against clits and fingers rubbing G-spots.

     It was a hungry, savage, animal fucking between the Gellar girls, competing
to see who could drive the other to the bigger orgasm. Their bodies quaked from
the strain of countless climaxes, but eventually Elvira decided she'd made her
point. She wanted to finish breaking the two raven hair beauties herself, to add
them to her collection of mindless sluts.

     Released from the magic, Monica pulled away from her Grandmother now that
she was in control of her body.

     "Get on your fucking knees cunt and suck my dick" Elvira commanded, smiling
as a fearful Monica obeyed.

     Not even having to be asked Monica grabbed the eel/cock and began stroking
it, only to find it still had electrical current going through it. Putting her
hand back on it and gritting her teeth at the pain, Monica wondered if she was
going to be able to deep throat so much dick meat.

     There was only one way to find out so Monica opened her mouth and slipped
the head between her cock loving lips, bobbing her head lower and lower on the
shaft, until, she'd slipped the entire length down her throat.

     No pubic hair tickled her nose as Elvira was cleanly shaven, but her nose
was press firmly again her mound anyway.

     Taking her thumb and rubbing Elvira's clit with it, Monica's head became as
blur as she slurped greedily on the cock meat offered.

     Monica's great talent with blowjobs was rewarded when she felt Elvira's
sperm hitting the back of her throating painting her tonsil's with cum, before
moving back to fill Monica's mouth with jizz, finally finishing off by giving
Monica her second facial of the day.

     It was now Monica's Grandmother's turn, taking to the cock sucking like a
women who hadn't had a taste of a man's cock in so many years that it was a
relief to finally have the taste of dick in her mouth, even if it was a woman's.

     Elvira took her time, not wanting to cum until she felt she could compare
the Grandmother's cock sucking skill with the Granddaughters. They were almost
identical, a gift passed between the generations, so Elvira made a note to
capture and rape the Mother just for comparison.

     Elvira made Monica press her tits against her Grandmother's so she could
shove her magic cock between the cornucopia of mam meat presented to her.

     Elvira moaned as her cock slipped between the Gellar titty sandwich, the
feeling was the most heavenly thing she'd ever experienced, and she feared that
she'd cum with in seconds, until she remember that this was a magic cock that
never got soft and keep on fucking as long as she wanted, so she could have once
big endless orgasm.

     Sperm burst free from Elvira's cock spraying both women with sperm, getting
in their hair, their face, necks, and most of all on the over sized breasts, but
where a normal cock would stop cumming eventually, Elvira's just continued,
hosing her fuck sluts with an endless supply of goo.

     Between having their creamy tits pressed incestuously together, fucked,
zapped, and spermed by Elvira the Gellar girls were swamped with overpowering
titgasms that tormented the mind, threatening to break them at any moment and
turn them into mindless slut like Monica's friends.

     Sperm ran down their trim stomaches as the goo on their chests over loaded,
even spilling down their legs.

     Elvira could tell they were close to breaking, she could taste it.
Rearranging the Gellars, Elvira summoned a second eel from the ether with her
magical, and shoved it between Monica's legs, transforming it into a cock.
Elvira's powers were nearly exhausted, but she was so close to breaking them
that she felt confidant that victory was hers.

     Elvira sunk her cock into Monica's tight ass, forcing Monica's cock into
her Grandmother tight ass, causing Monica, in effect, to rape her own
Grandmother.

     Elvira's big tits pressed against Monica's back, while Monica's equally
mountainous melons, pressed against her Grandmother's back, who's tits swayed
through the air with every thrust.

     Fucking her victims savagely, Elvira could feel their defeat as Monica gave
into her orgasms, becoming consumed by them. Lastly her Grandmother gave in,
both Gellar woman were transforming into cock worshipping, mindless sluts, just
as Elvira planned, leaving Elvira free to pump Monica's ass full of cum, setting
Monica off in turn to pump her Grandmother's ass full of her Granddaughter's
tasty cum.

     Elvira pulled off the Gellar girls, exhausted, but victorious, having
witnessed their defeat herself, a smile on her face, as Rachael ripped the
amulet right off her.

     Turning around to face Rachael, her face as white as a ghost, totally
shocked shitless, Elvira managed to stutter out a single question. "Ho...How,
did you do that, you've been fucked into a mindless slut!?!"

     Rachael pushed Elvira onto her back and knelt between her legs. "I was a
mindless slut to begin with" she smirked, before swallowing Elvira's huge cock
whole.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





