BDSM Library - Slutfest




Slutfest
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This years Slutfest would be held a week from tomorrow in an undetermined location. Master and I could not wait.
Slutfest

Written by writersblock




This years Slutfest would be held a week from tomorrow in an undetermined
location. Master and I could not wait.

      I'd been Masters  slut for five years now. We met in a bar down town . I
was looking for dick as usual. Up until I'd met Master my life was unfulfilling.
Meeting one new guy after another to get my fix of cock. Don't get me wrong I
loved to have orgasms, and please men. Up until that fateful night five years
ago I didn't have love, or the admiration that I craved.

    I sat at the bar scanning potential cocks I might want to fuck, when Ray a
guy I knew walked up to me. He sat down and started feeling me up in front of
God and everyone. He knew I wouldn't stop him. I'd fucked him before a few
times, not really what I was looking for tonight though. He whispered in my ear
to go home with him, all the while two fingers were burred in my pussy. I told
him I wasn't sure, with a timid sounding voice. He kept up, knowing I'd give in
after awhile.

     I never say no, even if the guy was treating me bad, or slapping me around,
I always got fucked. I'd do anything asked , no mater how kinky or bizarre. I
didn't like to make decisions about sex, or anything else for that matter.

     Ray finally talked me into going outside with him. This would be ok I
thought, a quick fuck and back inside for more.

      After two minutes of hard slamming Ray was done with me.

      He pulled my hair, called me slut, I loved it. He slapped my ass, called
me whore, and finally came. That was the problem with Ray, too quick.

       Straitening my skirt, I walked towards the front door hornier than ever.
I decided to stand by the bar incase any cum pored out of my pussy, it wouldn't
stain the back of my short skirt. That's when Master walked up.

   "What's your name." He said looking straight at my eyes, with a direct tone.

   "Kim" I said with an unconfident smile.

   "I know what you want, and I can give it to you." His hand outreaching.

   This was intriguing to me. This guy didn't know me. Or did he? I took his
hand and followed him to my destiny.

    On the way to his house we engaged in small talk. More like him asking
questions, and me answering such as.

Q: how old are you.
A: eighteen.

Q: how long have you been a slut.
A: five years.

Q: do you know how many men you've fucked.
A: hundreds

Q: have you done gangbangs
A: of coarse.

Q: anal sex.
A: yep.

Q: are you looking for love
A: this was a strange question I thought, but I said yes.

     We got to his home, and he told me to undress, and not to worry. I was not
scared at all. This was exciting, my pussy tingled with anticipation. After
striping he began lightly touching me all over my quivering body. He explained
about life as his slave, what was expected, and the rewards I would receive if I
did every thing asked of me. I said yes immediately. This is what I had been
looking for my whole life. A daddy that would love me, and teach me. And I could
still have all the sex I wanted. We made gentle love first, than he tied me to
an X in the basement. I was whipped lightly, and clamps put on my tits. I came
over and over, I was going to love this knew life.

      Over the years I have done anything Master told me to do. He tests my will
sometimes, seeing how far I'll go. He once took me to a party telling me I was
going to be the entertainment. I only wore a trench coat nothing else, not even
shoes. I didn't know how many people would be at the party, it was so exciting,
the not knowing. When we arrived at the old ware house, Master blindfolded my
eyes. I was lead to a table and tied down with my ass hanging over the edge. My
legs were pulled back to my ears. My ass and pussy were open to anything. Master
whispered, be a good girl, and have lots of orgasms for me. He kissed my head
and said he would be back in twelve hours. I herd him walk away, at the same
time I herd whispers from all around, and foot steppes coming closer. Hands were
all over me I started cumming as soon as the first cock entered me. The
blindfold remained the whole time. I lost count of  how many cocks fucked me, or
how many times I came. I was fucked for the entire twelve hours it seemed, my
pussy and ass were full of cum, it was dripping off every square inch of my
satisfied body.

     After two days of rest Master let me watch the video of the gangbang. I
began playing with my pussy when I saw the hundred or so guys fucking me. When
Master saw that I had loved the gangbang he put me through, it became a regular
thing. Master got me a tattoo above my pussy that said Gangbang Slut in small
letters. I fucked groups of guys almost every weekend, I loved it.

     After two years of training Master told me about Slutfest. I learned there
were other slut slaves in the world, male and female. The first time I went I
was fascinated. All slaves wore collars and were never far from their Masters.
That is when I meet Slut Sara. She was sixteen with a bubbly personality. She
had been training as long as she could remember. Her specialty was pussy
stuffing. When she stood with feet together, she had a four inch gap between her
legs. Her shaved pussy was huge, like you might see on a cow. She told me while
stroking her big clit, her master had her hips surgically altered, hence the
wide gap. She said with pride she could take a fist by the time she was eight,
and a double fist when she was nine. Sometimes I would see her walking around
the convention with a mammoth dildo strapped in her pussy. It made her walk
funny, but she seemed to love it. When it was her turn on stage she took the
fists of three large men at the same time, amazing I thought.

     Well here we were at my third Slutfest. Master had another tattoo placed
under my right nipple that said Free to fuck. My goal was to fuck as many people
as I could. Master let me roam free. I walked around naked except for my collar.
Men would see my smile, and my tattoos and help them selves. Four hours after
arriving I was covered in cum, I had enjoyed ten fucks on the convention floor
cum was running down my legs. I had just enjoyed a large black mans cock and was
headed up to my room to rest when I heard my name. I held the elevator while
Sara walked slowly toward me. She had a  seven inch diameter dildo in her loose
pussy held in place by thick rope wrapped around her waist and between her legs.
She had six stainless steel rings in her labia majora. I was staring at the
rings when she told me they were there so her pussy could be held open enough
for a young slave to try to shove her head up there. I looked at her in
amazement. Sara told me she had been working on it for months. I told her to
come up with me, and we could play.

     Master was not in the room when Sara and I walked in. I untied the rope
around her waist, and five  pounds of rubber sloshed out of the flapping cunt.
It looked like what I imagine a pussy looks like after child birth. I picked up
the dildo, my hands barely touched. I told Sara to lay down, I was going to help
stretch her pussy. She giggled and laid down. I shoved my right foot in her
cunt, bent down stuck my hands in and pulled with all my might. Sara screamed
with pain and pleasure. Master walked in and smiled.

      Master and I worked on Sara's cunt for an hour, pulling and pushing,
stretching it beyond belief. Master made her leave because I had a gangbang
appointment. We lubed up her huge dildo, shoved it up her much looser pussy,
re-tied it in place and sent her on her way. Master told me to shower and shave.
I was so horny I'd be done getting ready in know time.

      I was led into the banquet room and my pussy began to quiver. There were
about forty or fifty men and their dogs. I never had sex with a dog before. But
Master did say, it would be a special Slutfest.                                         

      
    

                           Please send comments or ideas.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





