BDSM Library - Spiderman vs. Mary Jane




Spiderman vs. Mary Jane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A what if story, what if Spiderman joined in on gang raping MJ in the movie instead of saving her.
                        By Omega Phallic

                 Spiderman Vs. Mary Jane Watson


     Warning: This story is based on the spiderman movie, not the comic or
cartoons. If there are any inconsistencies with the movie, other than the fact
spiderman is raping Mary Jane of course, do as Lucy Lawless suggests in the
Simpsons and figure "a wizard did it". Thank you.


     "Get your hands off me!" Mary Jane Watson screamed pulling away from a
group of thugs. One of them caught her and pinned the lovely red head against
the wall and struggle as she might she couldn't get free. The man who caught
M.J. was busy undoing his fly, freeing a huge cock, when Spiderman dropped
behind him.

     Turning around to see what the others were gasping at, the man holding M.J.
let her go, getting ready to defend himself if need be. M.J. ran into
Spiderman's arms, seeking security with the man who'd just saved her from being
gang raped. Spiderman wrapped his arms around M.J. seemingly to comfort her.
"Hey, Spiderman, couldn't you wait your turn to fuck the bitch?" called out one
of the gang members. "Nope" Spiderman replied as he grabbed M.J.'s beautiful
ass, to the chuckles of the gang members around him. 

     M.J. pushed away from him in shock. "What the hell?" Mary Jane asked,
confused and scared by Spiderman's actions. "Your nothing, but a cock teasing
slut, sucking the dick of that rich shit because of his money, you fucking
whore!" Spiderman accused Mary Jane. As Mary Jane turned to ran Spiderman
grabbed her wrists and forced them behind her back, with one hand. With his
other hand he played with Mary Janes' tits, the red heads firm grape fruit sized
tits bouncing in tune to his abuse. "Get your hands off me!" M.J. screamed,
struggling to get free. Spiderman let her go, tripping her so that she fell on
her hands and knees.

     Spiderman laughed at M.J.'s attempt to scramble away as he shot his webs at
her ankles. He attached the other end of his webs to the wall, so that Mary
Jane's legs were hovering up in the air, hip high, her beautiful legs spread.
The only thing that kept Mary Jane's face from ending up press into the ground
was her hands, her arms straight out.

     M.J. started to cry, her arms growing tired, but the rain washed her tears
away, into the gutter, along with her hopes. The thugs laughed at her screams,
knowing full well no who could hear her would care.

     Spiderman used his super strength ripe the soaking wet clothes from M.J.
perfect young body, tossing them to the gang members as perverted souvenirs of
M.J. humiliation. M.J. looked over her shoulder when she heard something zip and
saw something other than spiderman's powers weren't the only thing of his that
was super human.

     It was huge, larger than all, but the largest humans, with bristles along
it. Even his pre- cum seemed to have a undefinable venomous quality to it. M.J.
screamed as the beast that was Spiderman's cock plunged into her like a harpoon,
its bristles scratching the sensitive insides of her tender, tight, young cunt.

     He rubbed her cunt, trying to humiliate her further, in front of all these
strange men, but M.J. resisted with everything she had, using reserves within
herself that she didn't even know existed. Spiderman answered this by shooting
his web around M.J.'s neck, forming a noose with it. Spiderman choked her when
ever she tried to resist cumming around his monstrous cock. M.J. couldn't fight
for breath and not cum at the same time so she was forced to choose. It wasn't a
hard choice, M.J. loved life with a primal instinct and refused to give it up.

     M.J. screamed as she came on Spiderman's cock, a very different type of
screaming from the ones she'd unleashed earlier.

     Spiderman pulled out in response, marking his territory all over her all
with his scorching creamy sperm. M.J. sobbed at this key defeat, the one thing
she'd promised they couldn't make her do and she'd done it spades. Spiderman
slipped under M.J.'s leg to get in front of the sexy red head.

      "Beg to blow me whore" Spiderman commanded, smacking her with his hideous
tool. It didn't leave a mark, but it hurt pretty bad never the less, so M.J.
finally broke down and obeyed. "Please master, let me suck that huge tasty cock
of yours, please let me taste my own juice on massive dick master..." M.J.
pleaded, feeling some kind of special spark within her self die as she degraded
herself publicly for the demeaning pleasures of her rapists. After 20 minutes of
humiliating herself, Spiderman allowed the fiery slut to wrap her beautiful lips
around his revolting cock, ramming it down her throat so hard that M.J.'s eyes
watered and choked on it, making her throat tighter for his cock.

     Yet as M.J.'s cheeks hollowed as she took Spiderman to the back of her
throat, M.J. could feel a new spark being born. What had died had been her
dignity, her pride, and the hope that someone would see her as something other
then a piece of fuck meat. What had replaced it was the realization that she
really was just fuck meat, she existed to please cock and what she wanted didn't
matter. Her place was at the end of a dick. With this knowledge come freedom, a
surrender to herself as well as the men around her.

     Spiderman pointed at M.J.'s pussy and ass, indicating that the gang members
could now join in. One shoved his dick in M.J. pussy, declaring it to be that
tightest he'd ever had and the prettiest. M.J. responded by screaming around
Spiderman's cock, the vibrations making her blowjob that much better.

     A short, skinny rapist jumped onto M.J.'s back so that not only could her
ride her, he could force his cock up her ass, his cock being huge for a man his
size. Another two thug bent down under her to suck her soft tits, biting her
extra sensitive nipples, just hard enough to make the cock teasing whore squeal.
M.J. bucked, screamed, sobbed, and more just to stop from cumming, but to no
avail. M.J.'s eyes rolled up into her head as her body appeared to go into a
seizure, but she was really just having the multigasm of a life time.

     For this she was rewarded with bucket loads of cum as one after the other,
her assailants exploded. First it was the little guy fucking her in the ass,
riding M.J. like a cowboy, tossing his cowboy hat into the air as M.J.'s bowels
got a sperm enema.

     He moved to the small of M.J.'s back, while the guy who'd been at M.J.'s
cunt wet cunt, slammed his salmi up her tush, her violated rectum barely opening
as if it was virginal still. He than gave M.J.'s rectum a second white wash,
some of it escaping when pulled his cock out with a loud plop.

     It was Spiderman's turn next. Her pulled out just enough when he came that
he was certain M.J. could taste his semen. When her mouth was full of his foul
concoction, his sprayed what was left, a hefty amount in its own right, onto her
lovely young face.

     M.J. wanted to spite Spiderman's seed out, but he wouldn't let, forcing the
poor girl to roll it around her mouth first, until he was satisfied that it had
coated every inch of her tongue. Finally she was allowed to swallow it, making
sure not to spill so much as a drop of his filthy jizz.

     He moved aside so the next guy could have his turn on the degraded tart.
Man after man blasted his load into the defiled red head, but no matter how much
jizz M.J. was fed she lost none of her sex appeal as nearby bystanders who'd
heard her screams, decided to join in on the gang rape. The fucked her every
hole at least twice each, but the worse was when she was forced to cum, because
it forced her mind back on what was occurring to her, leaving mind no where to
hide from her horrible ordeal.

     Every square inch of her model quality body was pinched, fondled, and
stroked in just about every way imaginable. The even took turns spanking her,
making her beg for it and thank them for the privilege to M.J.'s added
humiliation. M.J. hated them all for this, the worse betrayal in a life time of
treachery.

     Finally at daybreak, when every one was spent, about fifty guys or so, they
all wondered off, leaving M.J. in her degrading position, unable to free herself
from Spiderman's webs. They left a pile of trash under her face, in case she
thought about relieving the pain in her arms.

     Just when M.J. thought she was about to fall face first in it, a wino
staggered into the alley. "Please help me!" she cried, her pain and desperation
overcoming her revulsion at having this old man seeing her incredible body
naked.

     He staggered over to her, trying to figure out, in his drunken haze, why
this pretty girl was in this situation. "Mus...Must be a offfuring...from
Bucc...Bucc...the god of fucking wine!" he slurred. "No, no, I'm a
waitress/actress who's just been gang raped by over fifty men, please help me!"
M.J. cried futilely, knowing that he was going to have his turn, because that
was what men usually did to her.

     Spiderman had no idea that this wasn't the first time she'd raped, men just
couldn't resist using her, making her a play thing to slate their male lust.

     It started on her sixteenth birthday, when her father had gotten her a
sexy, nearly transparent babydoll as a birthday gift. After she had received
present, she was forced against his will bounce up and down her father's huge
cock, her hands cuffed behind her back as her father's hands found their way
underneath her babydoll, to cup her soft tits. He forced fed her birthday cake
which had been covered with his sperm, while his cock turned its attention to
her ass, her tits bouncing as her ass got a brutal, merciless pounding. He'd
finished up making beg to give him head, before falling asleep on her face after
he came, so that she had to spend the rest of the night with his dick in her
mouth, because he was to heavy to move off her.

     She'd almost suffocated that night, but the worsted was that he'd forced
her to cum to, just to see the humiliation in her eyes. After that she'd be gang
raped by the football team, the chess club, the math club, her teachers, the
principle, even her own dog!

     She'd hoped Spiderman was different, that he cared about her, even started
to believe it, but she realized that all he saw was a hot piece of ass, the same
thing every other guy saw in her. Even most women just saw a nice pair of
bouncing tits when she walked by, a red head built to be fucked and used, public
property.

     M.J.'s heart was broken and on top of it all, the homeless guy was rubbing
the mouth of his empty wine bottle against her cunt lips.

     He cut off M.J.'s cries for freedom, with a cruel ultimatum. "Beg me to
shove my bottle into you cunt and my cock in your mouth, while piss on your
tongue, if you want down".

     The agony in her arms was undescribed, so in desperation she caved. M.J.
knew from experience, a lot of experience, how to best degrade and humiliate
herself for the pleasure of who every was making her his plaything.

     Sooner he was appeased, the sooner she'd be freed, she figured. "Please
master, bury that fucking bottle in tight young cunt, so that your hands will be
free to fuck my face with your mouth watering cock..." M.J. begged, her stomach
rolling with displeasure at having to debase herself for this man's lusts.

     Just when she was ready to give up, he painfully buried his bottle up M.J.
till tears formed in her eyes. "If you let that bottle fall out of you, I'll
smack you around cunt" the smelly emaciated man warned as her moved into
position in front of M.J.'s face.

     M.J. could see his gigantic cock, waving in the air, shocked that it was
almost as big as spiderman's. He made her lick along his cock, her tongue
tracing the veins, before he gave her a taste of his hairy nut sack. M.J. was
forced to roll his sweaty balls in her mouth, while keeping the bottle from
falling out of her, despite her slick juices. M.J. cried out around his cock in
frustration, having a hell of a time keeping it in, even though she was still as
tight as a virgin, a cruel twist of fate indeed, for someone who ends up the
sexual plaything of others so often.

     When M.J.'s jaw was getting sore, he forced her skilful mouth on his over
sized tool, M.J. eventually deep throating him when she regained control of her
gag reflex. When she'd gotten the old bastard semi erect, he started pissing in
M.J.'s mouth, the salty fluid making her almost dry heave. M.J. swallowed every
drop of his golden nectar, knowing she'd be punished for failure.  No one had
given her a golden shower before and M.J. prayed they would never do so again.

     When ever drop was drained, he brutally fucked her throat, delighting in
the tightness of her throat. When he was about to cum he pulled out, wrapping
her red shiny hair around his cock. He beat himself off until he gave M.J. his
creamy shampoo, sperm spraying every where in her red locks.

     The strange man moved around to pull the bottle out of M.J.'s battered
cunt, but ended up forcing it between M.J.'s lips so that M.J. could test her
own creamy juices, before shoving it up her ass.

     He smacked M.J. ass hard, before getting on his knees and licking M.J. with
his slimy tongue. M.J. had no resistence left after a night of abuse and most of
the morning had been brutal too. M.J. came his tongue, so he eagerly slurped her
tasty juices.

     Last, but not lest, her stabbed the bottle back into her cunt and made her
piss in it. The bottle filled with her salty goodness, before pulled it out of
her and staggered off on his merry way.

     "You fucking sack of shit, you promised to release me!" M.J. screamed as
the bum, disappeared from view. It than occurred to M.J. that he probable never
had anything that could cut through Spiderman's webs anyway, to her further
humiliation.

     M.J. gave up and fell face first into the trash, her back bent painfully.
The finally straw was the stray dog who his leg to piss on M.J., marking his
territory on the defeated red head's face.

Epilogue:

Spiderman went onto rape many more women, most of them super heroes, while poor
M.J. was forced into porn by her father. More importantly the stray dog went
down in history as the dog that date raped Lassy.   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





