BDSM Library - The Fall of Snow




The Fall of Snow
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a family the falls into depravity, thanks the actions of one man, The Mayor.
                         The Snow Fall

                     

                        Chapter 1:  Rage



     "You jerk!" Lana Snow raged at her boyfriend, the Red Island High's quarter
back. Lana could barely believe that her boyfriend, the guy she'd been dating
since she was just 14 had just pulled the pants down of Tod Meyer.

     Lana had been discussing the science class they shared, when seemingly out
of nowhere her boyfriend came up behind him and yanked his pants down.

     To make matters worse for Tod was that he'd been going commando so his huge
cock sprung free.

     Lana realized that she must have been having one hell of an effect on the
young Afro- American nerd, because his 12 inch cock was hard and his testicles
were the size of tennis balls.

     Lana was surprised by the thrill she felt at seeing his cock, so much of a
thrill that she was trembling with excitement.

     As Tod pulled his pants up, Lana turned on her boyfriend, Jason Russell,
channelling her excitement at seeing her first cock into a cold rage that even
scared the football star.

     "Your just jealous that his dick's bigger than yours!" Lana accused,
knowing that no one else would know that she had no way of knowing if it was
true.

     Lana noted with satisfaction that Jason's jaw dropped as if he had hit by a
naked quarter back. When the shock wore off, rage replaced it on his face.

     "How that hell would you know? For four years you've kept me on first base,
I doubt you'd even know what a cock looks like except Tod's!" he returned loudly
to the crowd that had gathered around.

     Lana was growing more pissed by the minute. "You'll pay for what you did to
him, you ass!" Lana countered.

     "Yeah, what are you going to do? Cock tease me some more?" laugh Jason,
unintimidated  in the least.

     Words of anger exploded from her mouth before she could stop them. "I'm
going give him the one thing you've dying to have for years..ME!"

     Lana smirked as she walked away, having knocked the smile off Jason's face.


     Tod gulped loudly as he looked down Lana's top at her huge tits. They had
to be 42FF's at least Tod decided.

     Lana in fact noticed that Tod was looking down her top as she bent over to
place the cold steak on his black eye. It sent a thrill rocking the gorgeous 18
year old girl.

     Lana sat down beside him on the sofa. Seeing the way Tod was staring at
her, even she had to admit that she looked incredible in her tight purple
sweater and black jeans.

     "Let me get this straight, you'll do anything I ask this weekend?" Tod
asked, fearing that this was just an elaborate prank, like when Debra Lozenge
offered to blow him if he shaved his pubic hair. Thankfully it'd grown back
since then, but he was still cautious.

     "Anything" Lana agreed, trying to remember how she'd gotten herself into
this. Lana thought back to how pissed she'd been and how wet she'd gotten at
seeing Tod huge cock and she found herself remembering the heady emotional
cocktail that had overwhelmed her.


     Lana Snow was at home, her parents away on a second honeymoon, alone with
Tod. Nobody, with her aggressive boyfriend beating the shit out of anyone who
looked in her direction, had looked at her the way Tod was looking at her, like
she was a tasty piece of meat, and it made her so wet she feared that she was
straining her families sofa.

     Lana had kept these kind of thoughts at bay for years, but pandora's box
had been opened and she couldn't close it now, didn't really want to either.

     Lana could see Tod hungrily staring at her enormous melons. "Go ahead Tod
feel me up if you want to" Lana offered with a friendly, but nervous, smile.

     Tod swallowed hard and then grabbed two meaty hand fulls of Lana's big
tits. Lana, who never let anyone grope her before, gasped at the unexpected
assault on her huge globes.

     It was Lana turn to swallow, the pleasure in her big breasts at Tod's rough
hands mauling her super sensitive tits, overwhelming her senses, causing her to
breath heavily.

     It seemed to be to good to be true to Tod. Here he was, in the Snow
mansion, squeezing the huge tits of the prettiest girl in school, and to top it
off she seemed to be so turned on that the crotch of her jeans was soak with her
juices.

     Lana pulled up her top up, freeing her enormous tits, which bounced out to
be greeted by Tod's greedy hands.

     Her jugs looked so perfect, Tod was scared he'd cum just at the sight of
them. Tod grabbed Lana's soft, yet firm hooters with his hand kneading and
fondling every last square inch of the Valhalla sent melons.

     Tod tugged on hard on her long nipples, making the beautiful girl moan with
a longing she never imagined existed within her.

     Tod took her flawless tits in his hands and weighed them, her gravity
defying melons were so heavy he him almost strained his wrist. Lana's tits were
shaped like a pair of war heads, but explosion they were causing was very
different indeed.

     Lana's tits were so great, Tod started cumming in his pants, flooding his
drawers with sperm. He was still so engrossed in her massive melons he failed to
notice.   

     "T...T...Tod?" Lana asked upset at the sudden removal of Tod's hands on her
tits. "Call me master, slut" Tod ordered her as he realized how turned on she
was becoming.

     Lana wanted to protest, but she had promised to do what ever he wanted for
the whole weekend and Lana never broke her promises.

     "Yes Master, what do you wish" Lana asked submissively.

     "You agreed to be my sex slave for the weekend, so from now on you need to
act more like the cock worshipping whore you really are, don't you agree?" Tod
demanded forcefully.

     Shocked and more than a little aroused, Lana did as she was told. "Yes
master, I'll be a good slave" Lana replied, unsure of how to handle a situation
that had spun so completely out of her control.

     Lana was so used to people sucking up to her, because of her name, money,
good looks, popularity, and her scary ass boyfriend that all this seemed surreal
to her, and beyond anything she'd experienced in her 18 years. It left
butterflies in her stomach and an excitement that she'd never felt before.

     Lana wasn't completely certain how a sex slave was supposed to act, but she
got on her knees before him as a sign of submission.

     Lana unzipped Tod's fly with shaky hands, knowing that once she had his
cock in her mouth it'd be too late to turn back. Lana was about to pull his cock
free, when he pushed her hands away.

     "Tits, that's your name from now on by the way, if you want some thing, say
to suck my cock, then your going to have to beg for it."

     "Please master, I want to suck your cock, I want to feel you sliding down
my throat, to taste your meaty cock in my mouth, to blow my master till you cum
in my mouth" Lana begged, meaning every word.

     The more humiliated and degraded Lana felt, the more turned on she got. As
soon as Lana got the go head, Lana pulled his cock free from his pants.

     Lana gasped at the 12 inch monster that sprang from his pants. It was just
cover in his creamy white cum. The sticky jizz got all over her hand, but Lana
was too busy salivating at the sight of Tod's behemoth.

     With nervous swallow Lana slow stuck out her tongue and got her first taste
of cum. With each lick Lana got bolder, taking longer licks and slower licks
making sure she tasted as much of the nerd's cum as she could. She even licked
Tod's sweaty, musky, and hairy balls clean, getting even wetter at the taste of
his lusty sweat.

     When both cock and balls had been clean and his cock had grown another
inch, Lana took a deep breath and took Tod's balls into her mouth, sucking on
his nuts like it was going out of style.

     Lana would have been happy sucking on Tod's testicles forever, but she'd
missed supper and her stomach was growling for more of the young geek's sperm.

     Lana took Tod's cock in her hand and stared at it tensely. Lana had never
given a blow job before, had never even thought about it really, but it was with
great hunger that she opened her mouth wide, bent down and allowed Tod's cock to
slip between her red lips till it hit the back of her throat.

     Lana didn't gag like normal virgins do. I felt so natural, like breathing,
that it seemed to her all of a sudden like an orgasmic epiphany that she was
born so suck and fuck cock.

     To Lana's and Tod's surprise Lana managed to get all 12 inches down her
throat. Lana's head was bobbing so fast she Tod was getting a little dizzy wolf
down his cock.

     The sexy young woman's cheeks hollowed and Tod was more than a little
worried that in her insatiable lust she'd suck his dick right off.

     Lana could believe what had come over her. It was like all those years of
raw pent up sexuality was exploding from her and growing even bigger.

     Tod was in a shocked state of his own. Here was a girl who was so pretty it
almost hurt to look at her and she was sucking on his big cock with enough
suction to put a blackhole to shame.

     Tod grabbed the gorgeous young slut by her hair and started fucking her
face so hard with nuts were endanger of getting bruised on her lovely chin.

     Having lost control, Lana grabbed Tod's ass cheeks and just sat back on her
heels, enjoying the feeling of have her face fucked like it was a tight cunt. It
made her so hot in fact she started cumming hard, while blowing him!

     Lana's orgasmic cries were some what muffled by the cock in her mouth, but
it was so loud the neighbours could hear her cumming anyway.

     Just when she felt he was close to cumming in her mouth, her pulled out.
Lana looked disappointed.

     "Don't worry you slutty little cunt, I'll make you drink my cum later if
you're a good little whore, but I've been dying to feel my cock smother in
between those mountainous tits of yours bitch."

     Lana smiled at Tod. "Anything you wish master, I'd love to feel that hard
juice cock, pumping between my big beautiful tits, I'm almost cumming just
thinking about smothering the huge cock with my sensitive jugs till you shot you
tasty cum all over me, a nice pearl necklace!"

     Tod grabbed Lana's tits in his hands, sending a shudder of pure ecstasy
racing through Lana's engorged jugs. Her than wrapped the divine duo around his
massive cock, taking a sharp intake of breath at the way Lana's pillowy tits
felt around his cock, the sensation was so awe inspiring that it was like a
religious experience.

     As Tod fucked Lana's tits, precum leaked from the head of his cock to drip
onto Lana's big tits. As Tod fucked Lana's tits harder and harder, perspiration
glistened all over her body, giving Lana a erotic glow.

     It felt so good to Lana that she started screaming, her seductive voice
begging Tod to fuck her harder, unable to contain the growing sensation within
her over sized jugs till her climax ripped through her like a world shaking
hurricane. Her cries got louder as she started cumming, each orgasm more intense
than the last.

     When Lana could stand no more, Tod started to blow his hot steaming load of
cum. Sperm burst from his cock in great explosion that splattered the pretty
girl with thick ropes of jizz.

     Lana stared at Tod's cum as it kept on hitting her with excited fascinated,
a big beautiful grin on her face.

     "Thanks Master, that was, hmmm, incredible" Lana declared with genuine
gratitude.

     "Go get your bikini on, I want to try out your family's Jacuzzi" Tod
ordered Lana who was busy licking the cum off her massive knockers.    

     Once she was clean Lana bowed and ran up stares, shouting "yes master" as
she climbed the stairs, her huge gravity defying tits bouncing the whole way.


     Tod was already outside sitting in the Jacuzzi, laying back as the hot jets
massaged his aching muscles, when Lana came out in a black bikini that was so
small it barely hid her long silver dollar sized nipples.

     The bottoms were g-strings that left little to the imagination when it came
to her great ass. Lana gasped gently as her slipped into the hot water. "How's
this Master?" Lana inquired, looking down at her nearly none existent bikini.

     Just as Tod was going to reply, Lana look over his shoulder and swore. Tod
looked in that direction and saw in the window of the next house a dirty old man
peeping on them with what looked like a very expensive telescope.

     "I'm so screw, that's my grandpa and he's caught us!" Lana explained, her
pretty face on the verge of tears.

     Tod, despite his sadistic joy at making Lana sexually debase herself for
his amusement, liked Lana and so he came up with a plan.

     Tod moved to the side of the Jacuzzi and ordered Lana to kneel where he'd
been sitting. "Now, show him your tits and make sure he can tell that your
showing him your big tits on purpose" Tod commanded.

     "What? Are you nuts? I'm in enough shit as it is, beside's his my
Grandfather!" Lana questioned, thinking Tod had lost his mind in a moment of
heated lust.

     Tod had lost his mind in a moment of heated lust, but that was beside the
point. "He's obviously getting off staring at you, so if you show him your big
tits, he'll probably jerk off, which means he can't rat you out because you
could then rat him out."

     Lana seemed uncertain, but unless Tod missed his guess she also seemed very
turned on by the thought of exposing her gigantic tits in public, especially at
her grandfather, but she had promised Tod she'd do anything he asked this
weekend and Lana's word was her bond.

     Lana turned towards her grandfather, looked him straight in the eyes, and
with a loud swallow, pulled the material covering her big tits to the side,
allowing her massive mammaries to burst free, exposed to her grandfather hungry
gaze, her nipples growing harder in the cool air.

     Just as Tod had told her, Lana's grandfather pulled his dick out and
started stroking it, which to Lana's surprised turned her on extremely.

     Lana put her arms behind her back and bounced around, which made her
enormous tits bounce too.

     It was as Lana was pulling hard on her long dark nipples that her
grandfather grabbed his chest and collapsed onto his floor, beyond Lana's field
of vision.

     Lana just stared quietly, her pretty brown eyes bugging out, unable to
believe that she'd just cock teased her grandfather into having a heart attack.
Tod broke the silence. "We better go check on him."

     Tod got out of the Jacuzzi and put his clothes back on. Lana was about to
put her bikini back in place, Tod told her to leave her tits out. Lana gave Tod
a cutting look, but obeyed.

     They moved through the house and walked down the street to Lana's
grandfather's pad. Lana had never felt more exposed as several drivers drove by,
whistling at her and making crude remarks about her huge hooters.

     Seeing how she had her tits out, Lana couldn't blame them for behaviour
she'd have considered juvenile under normal circumstances.  Still, she was
getting more turned on by the minute despite the fact that she may have killed
one of her relatives.

     She felt guilt about that, but not too guilty, after all the bastard had
been peeping on his own granddaughter, not to mention jerking off at the sight
of her perfect tits, it was his fault as much as it was her's. Plus Lana figured
it'd be how he wanted to go, wanking off at the sight of his granddaughter's
gigantic tits.      

     Lana grabbed the spare key from the hanging plant and unlocked the door.
They entered nervously, fearing the worst.

     Lana gasped at the sight of her grandfather, spiralled out on the floor by
his telescope, his dick still out.

     "Is, is, he dead" Tod asked fearfully. Lana shook her head. "No, see his
cocks still hard" she answered, pointing to her grandfather's erection.

     It was than Lana realized it had been all a ruse. Lana smirked and decided
to fight fire with fire.

     "I'd better make sure he's still alive" Lana offered, walking over to her
grandfather. Lana got on her knees to check her grandfather's far wrist so that
her massive tits were pressed again his face.

     Lana could feel the stubble on her grandfather's face and it made her more
wet than ever. As Lana's slippery jugs rubbed again her grandfather face, she
moved her hand down to his cock, grabbing the monstrous beast in her hand.

     "Just to make completely sure he's not dead, I'd better jerk him off, after
all dead men don't cum" Lana explained as she skilfully stroked her
grandfather's cock with her velvety hand.

     Her grandfather was breathing heavily, Lana wasn't finished having her fun.
Lana let go of his cock and stated "it doesn't seemed to be working, maybe if I
fuck him with my big tits which he seemed so interested in, he'll cum all over
my me, proving he's still alive.

     With that, Lana moved down her grandfather's body, making certain her
massive melons were pressed against him the whole time.

     Lana's grandfather fail to suppress a gasped as his gorgeous granddaughter
wrapped her big tits around his cock, fucking him with her pillowy mounds of
joy.

     Lana took her time at first, letting it sink into her grandfather mind that
he'd finally had his cock between his beautiful granddaughter's huge tits. Lana
then fucked his cock with her firm, but soft tits even harder, till he couldn't
stopped himself from getting up so he could give his slutty granddaughter's
giant melon's the fucking they deserved.

     "So you slutty little bitch you want to cock tease your grandfather do you?
Want him to fuck your big tits do you? Want him to cum all over that pretty face
of yours?" he asked lustily.

     Lana relied in a husky voice. "Please fuck your slutty granddaughter huge
tits, cum all over me grandfather, give me a nice creamy pearl necklace."

      Lana's desperation for debauchery reached a whole new level as she started
cumming. Lana's ear piercing cry of whoredom, as she all but drown in her own
orgasm, drove her grandfather to cum like a volcano, giving his beautiful
granddaughter the salty pearl necklace she so desperately wanted.

     Sperm exploded from Lana's grandfather's cock in a seemingly endless series
of creamy geysers, dousing Lana's face, neck, and most all her huge gorgeous
hooters.

     "I...I always knew you were my favourite granddaughter Lana" gasped her
Grandfather, exulted, but happier than he'd been in years.

     "I'd better be" Lana chuckled as she looked down at her lovely cum covered
tits.

     "So who's the young stud who seems to have turned my Granddaughter is a
horny little slut?" Lana's Grandfather asked as his eyes appraised Tod.

     "Tod, Tod Meyer sir and I think your Granddaughter was always a slut, she
just didn't know it yet."

     Grandfather Snow chuckled. "Your right of course, just like her late
Grandmother, a total submissive slut who could cum from slight breeze some
times, tits like her too."

     "I suppose we'd better get back Tod, if I remember correctly, you were
about to take my virginity" Lana purred as Tod gave the sexy school girl a hand
up.

     "You can stay here, after all losing your cherry is an important occasion
so you'll need someone to tape it" Grandfather Snow offered, his eyes never
leaving Lana's ample chest.

     Tod could tell what the dirty old bastard really wanted. "After which will
switch, I tape and you fuck her."

     Lana gasped at Tod's offer, but Grandfather Snow just grinned. "I knew I
like you boy, gotta take you fishing some time" Grandfather Snow declared.

     He took one last look at Lana's cum covered tits and took off to grab his
DVD camcorder with spring in his step that belied his age.

     "Get on your back bitch!" Tod ordered Lana, who laid back on her
Grandfather's coffee table and spread her legs submissively, before Tod ripped
the crotch out of her bikini, with his teeth.

     Spitting the fabric out, he lapped greedily as her creamy chasm, bringing
gasps of delight and heavy breathing from Lana.

     Tod teased around Lana's clit to the point were he had the young women
begging him to make her cum with tears in the corners of her eyes.

     Seeing the Grandfather Snow was back with his camera, Tod honed in on
Lana's clit, bringing her to a screaming conclusion.

     By the time they were finished Lana had made a nasty puddle of cum on her
Grandfather's antique coffee table, but their were no complaints coming from his
direction.

     Tod had Lana switch places with him, getting her on top of him. "If you ask
nicely enough I might let you sit on my cock and rotate."

     "Please Tod, fuck me like a slutty bitch, please let me bounce on her cock
like the whore I am, I need to feel you hard cock inside me, I do anything to
have it!" Lana begged, getting off on her wanton words.

     Tod smack her ass hard and Lana took that as the go ahead. Lana slowly
started to lower herself on to Tod's cock nervously, but she was she was taking
so long that Tod grabbed her hips and pulled her down hard, brutally impaling
her on his cock, her virginity ripped away with sadistic cheer.

     Having never had a cock inside her before Lana gasped, the sensation of
having Tod's huge dick fulling her completely was overpowering.

     Lana starting bouncing up and down on his cock by instinct at first, but as
she was enveloped by the sudden realization that it was all real, that she was
being fucked for the very first time while her Grandfather taped it, hit her and
Lana fucked Tod's juicy cock in earnest.

     Grandfather Snow was stunned by the sight in from of him, never had he seen
anyone fuck with the intensity, the fanatical addiction to the very act of
fucking, that he's perfect beauty of a Granddaughter displayed for his
voyeuristic pleasure.

     He was terrified that Lana was screaming so loud as she creamed that her
parents would hear all the way in Mexico City. He was certain someone was going
to hear and call the cops so he did the only thing he could thing of to silence
his slutty Granddaughter, he pulled her massive cock out, shoved it between her
red lips and down her throat, not caring if she choked on it.

     It wasn't enough to quiet her, but it muffled her enough that he hoped that
his neighbours would be pacified . Besides he no longer cared who heard, he was
too busy raping his Granddaughter's gorgeous face while she sucked on his cock
like a neutron star.

     Not only was his Granddaughter's throat like a cock swallowing vortex, but
her throat felt so tight that it was cutting off some blood circulation to his
cock, keeping his harder longer despite the ecstasy of ecstasies that was
coursing through his cock.

     Lana's pussy was swallowing Tod's cock with as much abandon and instinctive
skill as her mouth was devouring her Grandfather's cock.

     Lana's cunt muscles milked Tod's cock while Tod smacked her beautiful ass
at every opportunity, making her cunt constricting around Tod's cock like a Asp
every time.

     Lana's cunt juices dribbled down Tod's cock to which Tod responded by
doubling his efforts to fuck the living shit out of the hottest girl in school.

     Both Lana's tight cunt and her blackhole of a throat seemed vibrate and
convulse as Lana was brought to raging orgasm that sounded as loud as it was all
consuming.

     It drove both men over the edge of the orgasmic abyss. Grandfather Snow
grabbed his Granddaughter's huge tits painfully, like a vise grip on Lana's
tits, while she pulled back so that the camera strapped to his should could
catch him giving his Granddaughter a nasty facial, wave after wave of hot sperm
splattering her in the face with the precision of a marksman.

     Tod could pull out of her in his position so her creamed inside her,
flooding her all ready creamy chasm with a salty cream all his own.

     As Lana freed herself from the two men, Grandfather Snow was already
getting hard again, just thinking of finally getting to fuck his cock teasing
Granddaughter, a young woman he'd been dying to fuck since she'd turned 18.

     He'd been tempted to bend her over than and give her his cock as a gift,
but her mother would have been pissed, probably send him to a retirement home,
Melissa Snow was just as hot a piece of ass as her daughter, but more cold than
an Antarctic winter.

     He grabbed a birthday hat from a nearby drawer and slipped it on Lana's
head, before pushing Lana over the couch's arm so that she had to hold herself
up by her arms, her legs held aloft in mid air by his arms.

     "This is what I really wanted to give you for your birthday!" he declared
before slamming his cock into his Granddaughter with such force that her hat was
almost knocked off her head.

     As Grandfather Snow's cock entered Lana, Lana cried out in jubilation,
thrilled to the core that another cock was pounding into her tight young cunt
like a jackhammer.

     "This is the best birthday gift ever" Lana moaned as her Grandfather fucked
her long and hard, forgetting for a moment that it wasn't her birthday.

     Lana next words were muffled as it was Tod's turn to ram his cock down her
amazing throat. Lana sucked on Tod's huge cock so hard her eyes rolled up in her
head, but that didn't stop Lana from slurping on his cock like it was her last
supper.

     Lana clawed at the couch as she was slammed hard at both ends, both men
using her to slate there endless lusts with out mercy.

     Tod's sweaty nut sack slapped against Lana's chin with almost bruising
force, on the other end Lana's Grandfather drove into her even harder, tears of
joy and pain unshed in the corner of her eyes from the brutal double fucking. It
propelled Lana to a mind bending climax, her screams muffled by the cock
violating her throat.

     This time it was Tod's turn to bath Lana's face with jizz, the creamy fluid
coating Lana's face to drip down onto her immense tits, before another load was
unleashed in the young beauties face to drip down on her massive jugs, to be
replaced in turn by another explosion of jizz to her face.

     Lana's Grandfather was just as happy this time to flood Lana's inside with
his man chowder. Lana purred in gratitude at having her Grandfather's hot sperm
both inside her and on her face marking her as a fuck slut, a receptacle for
jizz.




                      Chapter 2: Mexican Prison

                                               

     She'd only ran over the Mayor's Daughter. Her husband was taking her to the
hospital right now, so she didn't understand why she was in jail. She really
hadn't meant to run the daughter of the Mayor of Mexico City, it was just that
the big titted bitch sat back like she didn't know that her husband was looking
down her dress. The way that fucking whore flaunted herself in that black dress
who could blame her.

     Melissa Snow admitted to herself that it was hypocritical that she was
wearing a revealing black dress and had a set of tits just as big at a whopping
38FF, but she didn't have anyone else's husband looking down her dress.

     Melissa looked at herself in the mirror and had to admit that she looked
even more of a slut.

     The neckline on Melissa's dress plunged to just below her gigantic tits,
but the black lace seductively crisscrossed the revealing gap.

     Her dress was long, but so were the slits on both side, revealing an
obscene amount of her gorgeous long legs.

     The dress was sleeveless to well, as if it wanted to be as revealing as it
could with out getting her arrested for indecent exposer.

     Her blond hair was in long braid with sparkling emeralds studs gracing her
lovely ears. They matched her green eyes in both the richness of colour and in a
sparkle that bespoke secrets.

     Around her neck was a black choker with her sign, Libra, in diamonds. Black
stiletto heels and long black gloves completed the outfit her husband had put
her in.

     Melissa looked no more than 25, but she was over 40. She aged with a grace
and a beauty that was part of the Snow's legacy.

     Melissa hated it. She felt like the Libra sign might have been a dollar
sign because she was dressed like a whore.

     Melissa had never felt comfortable with her sexuality, her Grandmother had
a reputation as a slut and Melissa had inherited it, unearned, and she wasn't
going to allow the same thing happen to her daughters.

     It was then that the Mayor and over dozen guards entered the cell to talk
to her.

     "In case you were wondering my daughter is going to be fine" the Mayor
remarked, his gaze never departing from her ample cleavage.

     "That's great, so can go..." Melissa began, but the sound of a billy club
smashing into the cells bars silenced her.

     "Don't talk unless I ask you to cunt, you fucking run over my daughter and
you think you can just walk away without punishment" the Mayor uttered
accusingly.

     It was then that Melissa noticed that every eye was on her enormous jugs,
even the female guards were enjoying a look.

     Melissa was afraid. For the first time in her life Melissa wasn't in
control, but from the hungry eyes Melissa had a sinking feeling about what was
in store for her.

     "Why?" he asked getting straight to the point. "Why the hell would run over
my beloved daughter and don't tell me it was an accident, she was in the middle
of a banquet hall!?!"

     "She, she was dressed like a harlot and she was flirting with my husband!"
Melissa countered, her words dripping with unforgotten rage.

     "You stupid cunt, she was a fucking nun!" roared the mayor, his ire beyond
anything Melissa had encountered in her spoiled rich life.

     "Tell me America cunt, have you ever been raped before?" he asked in a
whisper.

     "No I never been raped be..." it was then that it hit her that he'd said
before. "Please, no, don't do this, I've got money" Melissa pleaded, fear making
an icy pit in her stomach.

     "Strip American cunt and do it slowly." the mayor commanded with a big grin
on his face that reminded Melissa of her son on Christmas morning.

     "No, I'm not that kind of girl" Melissa complained, her terror multiplying
by the second.

     The billy club slammed against the bars of her cell again and Melissa got
the message that she wasn't getting out of this.

     Melissa could feel that over part of herself, that part of herself she'd
suppressed since was sixteen, reassert its self. It was like Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hide.

     Melissa's hands moved ever so slowly down over her body. On their way up
her hand cupped her huge tits. Melissa cocked her beautiful head, licked her
lips, and asked as she continued to cup her huge tits like she was offering them
up "so you want to see my big tits?"

     Melissa unlaced her dress, one strand at a time, till two perfect orbs
popped free, leaving every throat dry at the sight.

     Melissa removed the dress the rest of the way so that it puddled on the
floor around her ankles.

     In mere seconds Melissa's cell was open and flooded with horny men. Melissa
dropped to her hands and knees submissively.

     "Please Mr. Mayor, I've been a bad American bitch and I need some Mexican
stile justice" Melissa purred, no longer the same woman who'd entered the cell,
but the girl she'd been before the nuns had gotten to her.

     The Mayor pulled off his belt and moved behind her, while one of his men
moved in front, with his semi erect cock dangling before her.

     "Tell me much you want to suck it bitch" the guard ordered her, enjoying
the degradation of the rich spoil America socialite.

     "Please, feed me you big cock, I haven't sucked on a man's cock since I was
sixteen, I miss the taste and the way it feels when it slides down my throat."

     Melissa got her reward as he slipped it between her red lips, sliding over
her taste buds and then down her throat. Melissa breathed in deeply as her nose
was buried in the strange man's pubic hair, savouring his musky scent as well as
the flavour of his cock.

     Melissa's cheeks hollowed as she blew the fat guard to the sound of
delighted whistles and cat calls.

     At that moment, at that instant in time the only thing that existed was the
cock in mouth and smell of his pubic hair, every thing else ceased to exist for
her. Until the Mayor brought her belt down on Melissa firm ass.

     Melissa's scream of pain was muffled by the cock mercilessly pounding down
her throat like an animal on a rampage. Instead of distracting her from sucking
his dick, the pain drove her to suck his huge cock even harder in her growing
excitement.

     As the Mayor thrashed Melissa's ass again and again, Melissa sucked harder
and harder on the guard's cock, till he had no choice, but to pull out so her
cum on her face, an unless torrent of hot sperm hosing her down for the
amusement of her assailants.

     It was then the Melissa saw the camera taping it all. Don't worry, I'll
make sure all your friends and family get a free copy" chuckled the Mayor,
before thrashing the small of Melissa's back.

     The two female guards started stripping off their clothes, showing off tits
that equalled Melissa. The first one was a beautiful Mexican girl of 18, but the
other one was an Aztec, though she seemed to be no older and just as beautiful.

     Melissa instinctively reached out to grab the Aztec's big melons and almost
creamed at her first touch of another woman's breasts.

     The Mexican girl in the mean time dropped in front of her boss and pulled
out his cock and stuffed it in her mouth, undoubtably how she got the job in the
first place.

     Her head was a blur as she greedily wolfed down her employers cock like it
was the finest meat to be had.

     Melissa had never seen anyone, besides herself, suck with such fanatical
devotion before, like give a world class blow job was holy act.

     The beautiful Mexican was such a slut, Melissa could tell she was cumming
just from her boss pumping load after load of hot man cream onto her pretty
face, dimples and all.

     The Aztec in the mean time was slipping her tongue into Melissa mouth,
which Melissa accepted gratefully, reciprocating with her own tongue. Their
mammoth jugs pressed against each over sending shivers through both women.

     The Mexican girl joined in pressing her own impressive guns against both
Melissa and the sexy Aztec guard so that every large hooter was in contact with
every other hooter.

     Melissa grabbed the Aztec girl ass in her hands squeezing hard before one
of the male guards shoved his cock between the combined mass of all six tits.

     Other guards joined in and before the two beautiful women knew it their big
tits were being fucked by eight men

     two men on either side of each girl, they shoved their cock into the
heaving mass of perfect tit flesh, the feminine jugs engulfing their hot rods
like the kiss of angels.

     The Mayor sat back taping the act of synchronized obscenity, hard cock
slamming between six sweaty tits, like thunder thought the mountains.

     Having one's cock sheathed in between one of the best set of tits in Mexico
was like Nirvana, Valhalla, and Amsterdam mixed all in one, but then times it by
three!

     As great as it was for the guys, the women were enjoying it even more.
Eight hard cock pounding at their tits with raw animal passion the seemed
endless while tit fucking each over was enough to make each one cum like a
supernova, pussy cream dripping down their legs to soak Melissa dress.

     Their multi orgasmic explosions continued as their soft tits pleasured
eight horny well endowed men, each moment, each orgasm an eternity of mind
blowing delight.

     "Oh Gawd, fuck our tits, fuck tits hard, spew your cum all over, mark us as
whores with your creamy sperm!" Melissa begged, debasing herself making the
experience even more intense.

     "Show me I'm a slutty bitch boys!" the Aztec girls chimed in followed by
the Mexican girl. "You like fucking soft, firm, weighty tits? Just think great
it be to cum all over them!"

     Melissa looked up into the eyes of young handsome guard driving him to give
the lovely ladies their just reward. Hot gooey sperm erupted from his big cock
like a volcano, shooting up high into the air in an endless torrent to splash
down on the ravishing jugs beneath.

     They ladies looked up into the eyes of the guards and one by one the rest
starting cum, sperm raining down on them like mana from heaven, sperming their
impressive melons with a gooey gift.

     It wasn't just their mountainous torpedos that got hosed down good with man
chowder, there was than enough for a good facial and pearl necklace for each
charming lady.

     Cum dripped down over their long nipples, which were as hard as the
diamonds on Melissa now cum covered choker, so that their tits slipped and slid
against each over as if well oiled.

     No oil tasted this good, as they like first the guards cocks clean and then
went to work on each other.

     They started off licking the cum off each over big tits and then moved on
to necking and licking each over face and hands clean. They mover lower, licking
each other smooth belly clean, but then just collapsed onto the floor with their
face buried in a wet, tight, and hot cunt.

     Melissa fingered and tongued the Mexican girl's cunt, the Mexican girl
tongue fucked the Aztec girls cunt, and the Aztec girl lapping thirstily at
Melissa's twat.

     While the guys regrouped for another onslaught of debased and degrading sex
acts that would have shocked Marques De Sade himself, the ladies reversed the
fucking flow after a hair raise climax.

     This time though Melissa had her tongue in the Aztec girl's asshole, the
Aztec girl was giving an expert rim job to the Mexican girl, and Mexican girl as
feasting on Melissa's ass like it was her last meal, much in the some why as she
had her boss' cock earlier.

     This gave the Mayor a deliciously evil idea. He took each one and made them
lay face down on the cold cement floor, spreading their legs, and holding their
ass cheeks apart. He then choose the three most well hung of his men to stand
behind each woman.

     The Mayor then explained the rules to his game. "Each of the three of you
will rape the ass of your respective prison bitch, the first man to cum in their
bitches ass, after making her cum, will get to piss in her mouth afterwards."

     Before the Mayor could say go, the guy behind Aztec girl, the guy with the
biggest cock of all, slammed his cock up the hilt in poor Aztec girls ass in a
single thrust making her scream in pain, but the more it hurt the harder she
begged for it.

     Mexican girl was next to have her guy ramming his over sized salmi up her
under sized chute. Her rectum felt like a red hot poker had been shoved up it,
but she too pleaded for him to fuck her even harder.

     Melissa was last, but not least to have her tight virgin ass invaded in as
painful a manner as her guard could do, making pussy drool its juices onto the
floor. He fucked her in the ass so hard the sound echoed through the jail.

     Aztec's girl's guy pulled hard on her braid with one hand and spanked her
ass and as he brutalized her defenceless butt. "Rape my ass till it screams!"
she begged to her butt fucker's delight.

     To add to Mexican girl ass pounding was the fact the she had to shit, but
the passage was blocked, making the anal barrage even more extreme. "Please make
me cum so I drink your piss!" beseeched the Mexican girl as she swept her long
black hair over to one side so that the camera could capture her depraved look
of all consuming lust.

     Melissa wasn't to be out done, she skilfully milk the young man's cock with
her sphincter, pushing herself up off the ground just enough that he could slip
his hands underneath her to grabbed her awe inspiring set of knockers.

     "You like my big tits do you? Well just imagine the piss I don't swallow
spilling down onto them, hot urine marking me as a debased slut!" Melissa
moaned, loving every moment as her agonizing ass pounding. It felt like ambrosia
and hell all in one and she craved it like an addict.

     Aztec girl was the first to start cumming her multigasmic screams of divine
pleasure spurring the other onto greater ass fucking feats of debasement and
abuse.

     "Come rape me harder, when are going to get to make another rich American
bitch like me your cum bucket!" Melissa incited, her ass getting reaming out in
a herculean effort to fuck the living shit out of her.

     She was rewarded for her whorish begging by an earth shaking orgasm that
brought tears  to her eyes from the shear intensity of it.

     Mexican girl wasn't to be left out, her screams as an orgasm rocketed
through like the Apollo mission. She scream out her expression of the
multigasmic climax to the point were her throat locked up so that no sound came
out, a silent scream that said more then her voice ever could.

     Once again team Aztec was first, her guy flooding the sexy Native American
bitch with sperm all the way to her bowls.

     Melissa's bowls were next to be shower with creamy goodness, the sperm bath
cooling her fiery chute down a notch.

     Last, but not lest, it was Mexican girl who bowls had a gift of there own.
As the guard flooded her rectum with jizz, his cock was flooded with a mess of
it's own.

     The guard who'd pounded the Aztec's ass, pulled out first, so that sperm
could drip from her ass, proving he was the winner.

     "Get on your knees bitch!" the Mayor commanded, getting in position so that
he could get a good shot of her drink the guards piss.

     "I'm a thirsty little bitch, it's time for that golden nectar" Aztec girl
announced as he got on her knees in front of the winning guard.

     The Aztec girl open her beautiful mouth and stuck her long narrow tongue
out, eagerly awaiting a hot salty stream of pee.

     She got her wish as a stream of golden fluid, hit her in the back of her
throat. She swallowed as much as she could, but her mouth filled to over flowing
and it spilled down her chin to splash onto her giant 38FF cup tits.

     He then moved his aim so that he was pissing on her tongue directly, making
sure she got the full taste of his urine.

     Aztec girl savoured the yellow ambrosia, drinking up every drop that she
could, like a man dying of thirst.

     Aztec girl looked disappointed as the fat man who'd been pissing on her ran
out of juice, having emptied his bladder completely on the beautiful young
woman. Her face, neck, and tits were just covered with piss, but she was still
thirst for more.

     "I want some more please" she begged throated, hungry for further
debasement and humiliation.

     Everyone was distracted as the guard fucking the Mexican girl swore loudly
as he pulled his cock out of her ass, brown streaks and all. "That it bitch,
little my dick clean!" he growled.

     Mexican girl grabbed his huge cock by the base and started licking the shit
up like ice creams. Her tongue traced the vein in his cock, before indulging her
speciality, deepthroating cock like a cock sucking extremist.

     She polished his clean of shit, like it was brand new, but she kept blowing
him, adoring the way his cock felt was he rammed it down her tight throat.

     It was no surprise that the cock worshipping tart started cumming, the joys
of giving head to much for her not to.

     He finish up by giving her a mouth full of mouth watering semen. She
swallowed the spunk gratefully.

     To add whorishness to sluttiness, she started licking his hairy, sweaty,
and smelly balls adoring the musky flavour.

     "Now for another game, the cunt to be the first fuck every single guy here,
gets to drink my piss from a dog bowl" the Mayor declared.

     He started off by shoving Melissa to her knees and smacking her with his
cock till she slipped it into her mouth, slurping on the hung politician.

     This was his favourite part of being the Mayor of Mexico City. Here was
this rich America bitch, who had thought she could buy and sell him, on her
knees sucking his dick, his to fuck and use as he saw fit.

     Melissa moaned around his cock as another cock was inserted into her, this
time in her ass, reaming the American slut with a cruel touch.

     A face was shoved into each of her titanic tits, which caused them to be
shoved around the massive cock of a third man.

     Aztec was hanging upside down, a big dick sliding down her throat, when her
invader buried his face in her snatch.

     Another guard forced his billy club into her ass as well, her voice of
shock muffled by the beefy cock fucking her pretty face.

     Mexican girl had her face shoved into his ass, while her soft hands jerked
him off and played with his over sized balls.

     One of the guards slipped up behind her and jammed his cock in her moist
young pussy, grabbing her by her 38FF tits so he could drive his cock into the
tight young bitch with greater force.

     Mexican girl was the tightest pussy he'd even fucked, cumming inside her
just seconds before Aztec girl's mouth was fill with a healthy dose of man
sauce.

     Melissa was next to flooded with spunk, till it dripped from her chin and
ass to add to the mess on the floor.

     The was just the start as every orifice Melissa had was invaded, never
empty for, but a few seconds. It was the same for the other two hot pieces of
ass, till all three were left on the floor, to lick each other clean.

     "We have a three way tie!" the Mayor declared motioning for one of his men
to fetch three dog bowls.

     "Since one man alone can't fill three bowls, I'll have the help of my men"
the Mayor explained as they waited.

     It wasn't long before he returned, with large dog bowls and place one
before each of the pretty women.

     The Mayor started off, pissing first in Melissa's bowl and then moving onto
the Mexican's girl's bowl, finishing off with the Aztec girl. His men joined in
till all three bowls were filled.

     Not knowing what else to do Melissa started licking up the salty urine,
getting off on the humiliation.

     The other two followed her lead and the Mayor took the opportunity to
explain their predicament.

     "Melissa, the other two ladies with out aren't really guards, I just made
them wear the uniforms so I could slip them in, the Aztec is Sara, the daughter
of my former rival for the job of Mayor and the Mexican is Mary, the niece of
the local Bishop, I had them kidnapped and I was looking for the right time to
break my new slaves in"

     It was like something clicked in Melissa as she licked up what was left in
her bowl, she froze in fear as she heard the word slave. Melissa had heard of
those who dealt in slaves, she just never thought she'd be one of them.

     The thought of never seeing her son or daughters again made her tear up.

     Melissa was about to start begging for her freedom, but her cell fill with
strange men pointing guns at the Mayor and his men.

     At first she thought it was the police, that the Mayor was busted for
dealing in the slave trade. Then she saw the masks. These were Zapatistas.


     The daughter of the Mayor opened her eyes in the dark hospital room. A man,
the husband of the crazy woman that ran her over was at her side.

     "Your all right, no serous injuries that they can find, no bruising either
thanks to that huge wedding cake you landed in, but they say your brain might be
rattled so no driving for a month" Ted Pallas explained.

     "Why, why the hell did your wife go nuts on me like that!" Catharine asked,
not feeling right in the head, but busy being pissed off and surprisingly horny.

     "Look, she thought that you were flirting with me, she had no idea you were
a nun, I'm sure..." Ted tried to explain, before Catharine shoved him back into
his chair.

     At first he thought she was going to attack, avenge herself by killing her
assailant's husband, as she got up on her knees.

     "The fucking bitch, she ran me over because she thought I was making move
on you, well I'll give her something to worry about!" Catharine announced as she
unzipped Ted's fly.

     "My God, woman, you're a nun! Wait, this was one of the possible side
effects of your brain having bounced around your head, a loss of the ability to
control their impulsive whims" Ted declared with authority, push the beautiful
young woman away.

     "Are telling me you can say no to these!" Catharine asked, pulling her
dress over her head, freeing two of the biggest tits this side of Mexico, a 42FF
cup.

     "You make two excellent points" Ted replied, grabbing a handful of the
nun's massive melons in each hand. 

     Ted was too busy shoving his face into Catharine planetary sized tits to
ask why the nun wasn't wear either a habit or a bra.

     Catharine got wet as soon as the musky scent of Ted's cock hit her nose as
she free his huge cock from the tight confines of his pants.

     Ted grabbed a hold of the nun's panties and with a hard yank, ripped them
right off her. Catharine responded by slipping onto his lap, aim his cock at her
dripping wet snack, before lowering herself onto his twitching rod.

     Catharine stopped when Ted's cock hit met the resistence of her hymen, but
Ted wasn't going to have any of that, he grabbed her by her hips and pulled her
down hard, impaling her on his cock and ripping her cherry to shreds.

     Catharine howled at the sudden invasion of her tight young snatch, it was
both far more painful and far more exciting then she'd imagined.

     Catharine started bouncing on Ted's cock slowly at first, but when Ted
smacked her ass hard Catharine took the hint and the big titted Mexican nun was
riding Ted's cock like a woman possessed.

     It was like nothing Catharine had experienced before and she couldn't
remember by she'd became a nun in the first place, getting fuck felt far to good
to stay a virgin for life.

     Ted gentle bit Catharine's nipples, which spurred her onto greater feats of
ball bouncing action.

     She had to be the tight piece of pussy he'd had since his wedding night,
which consequently was the last time he'd fucked his wife out side of his
birthday.

     Catharine became more frantic, wailing loudly as he orgasm rushed towards
her, finishing in an exciting and ear shrieking climax, that had her clawing at
his back, while she rode an endless orgasmic wave to eternity. Cunt juice oozed
out from her pussy to coat his heavy balls.

     Ted shoved his tongue into Catharine's mouth, who was happy to return the
favour, as his shout his substantial load deep inside the resplendent young
women.

     "More, I want more!" Catharine shouted with a crazed look in her eyes.
"Maybe if you ask nice I'll let you suck my cock" Ted replied, knowing full well
that the Mayor was going to have his balls for this when his daughter recovered
from her head trauma, but deciding that nailing this hot piece ass was worth it.

     Catharine slipped off of Ted's cock and onto her knees with ease that came
with years of experience on her knees, praying that is.

     "Please, stuff my face with that fat cock, shove it down my throat, I
promise to swallow every last drop of cum" Catharine supplicated, a lovely smile
on her face.

     "Suck it bitch and remember if you spill so much as a drop, I'll spank that
pretty ass of your!"

     Catharine went to it, sticking her dainty tongue out to lick the cum, both
her own and his salt creation, off his soft tool.

     As it started to raise, Catharine teased Ted's piss hole with the tip of
her tongue, before engulfing it into her hot, wet, mouth.

     Catharine gobbling Ted's joystick up, till it hit the back of her throat.
She then held it their, making sure her tongue tasted every square inch of his
pulsating manhood.

     When Catharine was satisfied that her taste buds had touched his entire
cock, she started bobbing her head, her face becoming a blur as she deepthroated
his big cock.

     Catharine sucked Ted's cock with the same passion that she showed while
fucking him, not to mention she appeared to enjoy it even more.

     The steady sound of Ted's hairy nut sack slapping into Catharine's chin was
music to her ears, encouraging her to suck on his heady tool with more vigor.

     Catharine looked the feeling and taste of Ted's cock forcing its way down
her tight moist throat so much, that she starting cumming from just the
excitement of it.

     Catharine could sense Ted was close as well, so she pulled back just enough
so that he could cum in her mouth, she was dying for a mouth full of hot sperm.

     Catharine got her wish as creamy white spunk hurtled from his convulsing
rod, to inundation her mouth with man milk.

     Catharine swallowed as much as she could, gulping back as much of the
gushing guy cinder as she could, but a trail leaked from the corner of her
mouth.

     When finished Ted looked down at the sperm leaking from the defiled nun's
mouth and smiled.

     Ted pulled Catharine up and forced her over her knees. "Time to be punished
for disobedience cum slut!" Ted declared. Before Catharine could protest, Ted's
palm met the nun's beautiful ass with a loud smack, eliciting a squeal from the
young lady.

     As Ted spank the beautiful nun, her squeal's of pain turned into the moans
of delight and she begged to be spanked harder.

     ""You want me to spank you harder do you? What do I get out of it?" Ted
asked, farther humiliating and debasing the Mayor's daughter.

     "Spank me harder, spank me till I cum and fuck me in the ass!" Catharine
offered, looking over her shoulder to see Ted smacking her beautiful bottom.

     Ted spanked her harder as requested, eager to make the young slut cum so he
bum fuck the sexy harlot.

     Catharine screamed, the spanking making her cream long and hard, pleasure
so strong it was almost pain, racking her body with an unforgiving cruelty.

     Seeing that she'd cum, Ted forced the horny bitch onto her hands and knees
on the floor, so that he could spear her virgin asshole with his enormous cock.

     "Oh, shit you fucking killing me!" Catharine screamed as Ted dry cock
anally impaled the nun on his cock.

     Catharine's screams of pain only drove Ted to pound his cock into Catharine
even harder. The more it hurt the harder Catharine wanted it, needing the pain,
the humiliation like air to breath.

     Catharine clawed the floor like a crazed animal, cried out a scream she was
sure her mother could hear all the way at home, cumming so hard that a torrent
of girl juice poured down her legs to soak the carpet.

     This only made Ted fuck her ass with greater brutality and more cruelty. He
kept the 19 year old nun cumming, stabbing her ass with his cock like well hung
psycho.

     Just before Catharine fainted from exhaustion, Ted pumped a huge amount of
jizz into her tight rectum, flooding the anal passages to over flowing.

     Ted wake her up only long enough for her to suck his cock clean with her
ruby red lips, before picking her up to return her to bed.

     He placed the covers over her, tucked her in, and get her a kiss good night
on the cheek and then return to his chair to catch some z's.




                Chapter 3: Diamond's Are Forever

    

     Lana stood in her black leather jacket and black min skirt in front of 20
horny men.

     It was the last night of the weekend Lana had promised Tod and he wanted to
end it with a bang. A gang bang that is.

     Tod took Lana to this strip club, which was really more of a whore house
then a strip club because it was expected, even encouraged to fuck the dancers,
to compete in an amateur contest.

     The last girl who'd been up, a cute black girl named Sandy, let the whole
front row piss on her once she was naked.

     The sight almost made Lana cream her panties, but it was nothing compared
with what Tod was going to make her do to win.

     To make things more interesting, the audience was made up mostly of guys
Lana went to school with. Tod had promised to let them fuck her in exchange for
5 bucks each, more to turn Lana into a whore than for profit.

     Lana swung around the pole in a move inspired by cheerleading practice,
before thrusting her huge tits around the pole.

     Lana fucked the brass pole with her massive mammaries, to the hoots and cat
calls of the audience.

     "So you like see my be tits wrapped around a pole do you?" Lana called out
teasingly. Lana pulled back and unzipped her jacket, freeing the biggest tits
the audience had ever seen, resounding applause being the crowds response.

     Lana wrapped her firm tits around the cold pole, summoning up goose bumps
upon her flawless skin.

     "Fuck yes!" Lana screamed as she tit fucked the pole, causing other poles
to raise as a reaction.

     Lana starting cumming in front of everyone, the cold metal between her jugs
felt to good to stop.

     Lana turned around teasing with a quick flash of her ass cheeks as she bent
over, before turning around in a pirouette to flash her white cotton panties
which were moulded to her young pussy like a second skin..

     After more teasing, Lana's skirt went flying into the crowd to be caught by
Dexter Franklin, a former lab partner.

     It was then that Lana pulled hard on the sides of her panties, giving
herself a wedgie, so that the soft material slipped into her girly crack,
leaving her pussy lips and ass cheek bare.

     Lana rubbed her clit till she creamed in her panties, soaking them to the
bone and then tossed them into the crowd too, the panties landing on her math
teacher's head.

     Tod jumped on stage for the next part of Lana's act, which involved her
unzipping his jeans to pull his big dick free.

     Lana licked Tod's cock like an ice cream cone for everyone to see, before
scarfing down his sausage, plunging it down her throat with skill and
dedication.

     Lana had never dreamed she could feel so humiliated or so exposed or even
that she get off on it so much, but there she was sword swallowing the biggest
nerd in school for her classmates and teachers to see.  

     Lana's glittering pink lipstick stained Tod's cock, his man meat fucking
her pretty face hard and fast, before blowing his load down her throat so hard
it tickled her tonsils.

     Tod pulled out so he could pump what was left onto Lana's face, splattering
her good, his spunk dripping down onto her heaving jugs.

     Seeing Tod cum on Lana's face was like a dam breaking and the pretty girl
was smarmed by horny men who'd been dying to nail the cock teasing bitch for
years.

     Lana was pulled down by her Math teacher, who used the momentum of her fall
to spear her in the ass with his big cock.

     Lana's yelp of pain was silenced by the Principal cock being shoved between
her glittering pink lips. Lana swallowed his with glee, getting off on the
wickedness of blowing the Principal while her math teacher brutally pounded into
her ass like herd of elephants.

     Lana' pussy wasn't left unoccupied from long as her English teacher took at
crack at it. His thick cock slammed into Lana's twat with passion bor of years
of being unable pound all the hot young pussy that came his way.

      Cocks were placed into Lana's soft, but strong hands and she stroked them
without even looking at who they belong too, her body public property for anyone
who wanted a ride.

     Lana's multigasmic explosion was muffled, by the cock violating her throat,
but the vibrations, caused her Principal hose her taste buds down with his
creamy ale.

     Lana's teachers followed suit, giving Lana a creamy centre. They moved away
to allow the strange men who'd place their cocks into Lana's loving hands a
chance at her tight holes.

     They filled them easily and more men took there place in turn. Man after
man, guy after fucked the sexy cheerleader, till cum flowed from every tight
hole like water from the Nile.

     It was then that they turned to Lana's oversized tits, fucking the pillowy
melons till it seemed to Lana that there was an endless parade of cock and
orgasms, each cock searing its individual place in Lana's memory.

     Lana's tits and face were blasted by cum shot after cum shot and Lana
reciprocated by cumming in the face of anyone who dared to bury his face into
her young snatch. They chewed on Lana's clit like cows on grass.

     Being fucked long and hard repeatedly by 200 men for hours was more then
Lana could take.

     When every one had used her pretty mouth, tight young ass, vise like pussy,
and her gravity defying knockers they left the poor girl to sleep it off in a
nasty pool of cum.

    

     When Lana came to it was at home in her bed, with her Grandfather beside
her.

     "You over did it last night Lana, two hundred men in five hours,
repeatedly, not even your Grandmother could do that, I just hope you didn't
stretch yourself out to much" he said as he smiled down at her.

     Lana's hand reached out to grab the big bulge in his pants. "I'm as tight
as ever, want to see?" Lana asked tossing the blanket's aside, unsurprised that
she was clean, but still naked, undoubtedly her Grandfather had enjoyed himself
giving her a sponge bath while she slept.

     "I'd love to, but we have a serious problem, your...your mother has
kidnapped by rebels and is going to be sold into the sex trade, the Mayor of
Mexico City called me himself to tell me the bad news" he explained gravely.

     "What!?! were's dad?" Lana asked, shooting out of bed to get dressed. In
her terrified rush Lana slipped her arm through the neck hole of her pink
sweater and her head half way into the sleeve, before falling onto her bare ass
with a loud thwack.

     Grandfather Snow helped Lana dress, explaining things as he did so. "Look
Lana your father's disappeared too, they, they tell me he's probably been
murdered by the Zapatistas I'm so sorry" a looked of genuine sorrow on his face.
They'd never gotten along, but as far as Grandfather Snow was concerned, they
were still family.

     Tears welled in Lana's eyes as she stopped trying to get dressed. "He's,
He's dead?" Lana asked helplessly.

     "They don't know that for sure, look I have this contact, a pimp named
Fargo 'The Cargo' Peterson, he's got contacts to the slave trade in Mexico, if
anyone knows anything he will" Grandfather Snow offered.

     Lana eyed her Grandfather suspiciously. "How do you know anyone with ties
to the Mexican slave trade?"

     "I, ah, that's not important now, what is important is seeing my contact,
he'll be able to help us find our mother and if it's still possible your
father."

    

     "It's been an hour and you still haven't answered my question, what ties do
you have to the Mexican slave trade?" Lana asked as they sped down the highway,
to a destination that Lana know nothing about.

     "Look I, ah, your just hysterical about the disappearance of your parents,
you need something to distract you till we get to Fargo's" he announced with
authority, pulling his huge cock out and shoving his Granddaughter's face into
his lap.

     Lana though it was dangerous to drive while getting one's cock sucked, but
she'd never bother to get her own licence so she decided to leave it up to her
Grandfather.

     Lana stuffed his hard cock into her, playing with his balls, while bobbed
in his lap. Lana noticed the her Grandfather was swerving all over the road, but
that just made giving him a blowjob that much more exciting.

     Grandfather Snow for his part was enjoying himself, thankful that there
were few cars on the read at that time of night and even more thankful that Lana
had an instinctive talent for giving head.

     He was so pleased he started cumming in his Granddaughter's mouth, the high
speeds they were going at making his ball blasting cum shot twice as fun.

     Lana nearly choked on his creamy flow, but guzzled it down with the
determination of a true slut.

     As Lana started to come up, Grandfather Snow feared she was going to ask
embarrassing questions so he forced Lana's head back down and made her suck him
clean while he thought of a solution to his problems.

     Luckily he was at Fargo's before she finished, the little cock addict
slurping on his schlong even as he came to a stop.

     "We're here" he announced, opening the car door, while Lana reluctantly
pulled his cock out of her warm mouth.

     Lana slipped out the other side of the car, so Grandfather Snow used that
moment to stuff his sausage back inside his pants and zipped up.

     Lana look terrific as usual, needing no touch up despite the fact that
she'd had her Grandfather's cock pounding down her throat like a freight train
just seconds ago.

     The building they were entering looked like a cheap shabby barn that had
been painted an unnatural shade of puke green, that made one dizzy if stared at
for too long.

     "This is the place we agreed to meet" her Grandfather explained as they
entered together.

     They were greeted by a fat white man in a tropical t-shirt and sneakers.
"He's Canadian" Grandfather Snow offered his Granddaughter, trying to answer the
look of surprise on her face.

     "Hey, Grandpappy Snow, how's it hanging man!" Fargo asked as her hugged
Grandfather Snow close, so he could check him for a wire with out raising
suspicion.

     "It's Grandfather Snow, not Grandpappy, and I've come over to your weekend
office on business" Grandfather Snow explained irritated. Every time he met the
man, the asshole managed to mangle his name somehow.

     "Who's this sweat piece ass with you? Or more importantly how much is it
going to cost me to buy her?" Fargo asked inquisitively, checking out every
square inch of Lana with a buyer's eye.

     "That's my Granddaughter jackass, she's not for sale, look I'm looking for
someone in Mexico, my daughter to be exact and she'd been kidnapped to be sold
into the sex trade by the Zapatistas, I was hoping you could get me a
location..."

     Fargo interrupted him with a sharp laugh. "The Zapatistas don't deal in
that shit, the Mayor of Mexico City does though, and dollars to donuts he's the
guy who contacted you?"

     Grandfather realized the trap too late, realized from the look in his eyes
that Fargo had been expecting him. Fargo laid him out with a shot to the face
that broke his hip in the fall.

     "I love it when I don't have to pay, more profits for me" Fargo chuckled
ominously.

     Lana dropped to her knees at Grandfather Snow's side, trying to see if he
was all right. She was interrupted in this by Fargo who hauled her up to her
feet and bent her over a barrel that doubled at times as his desk.

     He was far stronger than he look and with was with great ease that he
ripped Lana's low rise jeans down to her knees, while shoving her tight black
sweater up, freeing two of the loveliest tits he'd ever laid eyes on.

     Holding her arms behind her as she struggled and cursed at him. "Unless you
hold still so I can fuck you in the ass I'll have to spank you!"

     Lana wasn't easy to piss off, but when she was, she was a little spitfire.
She tried her best to through him off, but he was far stronger.

     It was with aloud resounding smack that his palm connected with Lana's soft
buttocks. Lana fought back the urge to scream as he spanked her ass cheeks
bright red, but the worst part, the absolute worse part was how wet Lana was
getting from being spanked by the man who may have just killed her Grandfather
and who was certainly going rape her.

     "Please stop, I'll hold still so you can fuck me in the ass!" Lana cried
out when she could take no more.

     "And?" he replied, refusing to like the sexy little bitch get off that
easily.

     "Please drill me in the ass with that big juicy cock of your, rape me in
ass till I bleed!" Lana begged, being made to humiliate herself like this making
the poor girl even hotter.

     Fargo could resist Lana's tight young girly asshole. He positioned his
harpoon at the entrance to her enticing rectum. With a great push Fargo plunged
his over sized tool deep into Lana's shitter.

     Lana moaned at the unwelcome intrusion, her moans growing louder as her ass
reaming picked up steam, till she could hear the thwack of Fargo's big balls
slapping against her thighs.

     The more Lana resisted, the better it felt, for both of them and the more
forceful he slammed his thick salmi into her.

     When the pleasure reached the point of equalling the pain, Lana started
cumming with a force that shocked Fargo. Fargo had never seen anyone lose some
much control of themselves to an orgasm. Lana's eyes rolled up into her head and
Fargo feared his new property was having a seizure.

     "Keep shoving that big dick in my ass!"Lana ordered to Fargo's surprise.
Fargo was more then happy to comply, his cock violating every inch of her anal
track.

     Lana was hottest piece of he'd ever had and definitely worth betraying his
old friend over Fargo decided, the way Lana clenched her sphincter around his
just confirmed his belief.

     Fargo looked at the beauty he'd bent over the barrel, long raven black
hair, a pretty smile the could break hearts, a pair of tits that deserved their
own area code, and a beautiful ass that was even hotter now that he was raping
it.

     It was enough to make him cum, he grabbed Lana by her huge knockers and
drowned her anal channel with more gooey spunk than he had thought he'd been
carrying in his nut sack

     Fargo forced Lana to her knees so that the young woman was staring eye to
eye with his twitching one eyed snake.

     He didn't have to tell Lana what to do next, Lana was attracted to his cock
like lodestone to metal. "Please master may your slave suck your big thick cock"
Lana asked, licking her lips at the thought of swallowing his big monster.

     "Finally a bitch that has learned her place!" Fargo declared pleased with
himself. Lana bit back a biting rebuttal and instead said "your soooo right
Master, I live for giving head, riding cock, and being punishing like the cunt
that I am, I know my place as sex slave."

     With that Lana started swirling her tongue around her new master's cock,
paying special attention to the head of his cock.

     Lana moved her mouth lower licking the pungent sweat off Fargo's hairy
balls, a smile erupting on her face as the strong smell combined with an even
stronger taste.

     Lana went from licking Fargo's balls to gently sucking on them, slipping
his nuts into her hot and moist mouth, till her cheeks bulged.

     Lana looked up into his eyes and started stroking his cock as she continued
to devour his balls.

     It wasn't long before Lana's skilful touch had her owner cumming, sperm
jettisoning from his cock to land on his belly.

     And with one last smile for her owner, Lana bit down hard.

     Fargo pushed Lana off him and flung her half way across the room with a
girlish scream. Lana bounced off the wall, but struggled to her feet, giving her
owner the finger.

     Fargo quickly glanced down at his testicles. There was teeth marks, but
luckily no blood and ruptures of any kind.

     "Bitch, you fucking bitch!" Fargo screamed at Lana, his was still a couple
of pitches to high. He punctuated his point by pulling out a gun and pointing it
at Lana's Grandfather.

     "Get the fuck back over the barrel bitch" Fargo ordered, waving the gun at
the unconscious old man.

     Lana, scared shitless, did as she was bayed, bending over, offering her
beautiful buttock up for the punishment she knew had to be coming.

     Lana was turning her head to have a look at her Grandfather when she felt
the crack of a bamboo rod hitting her ass.

     Lana gasped sharply at the pain, it was like nothing she'd experienced
before, but Lana had no time to contemplate it as Fargo brought the rod down on
her ass cheeks once again.

     Fargo whipped Lana's ass with a vengeful brutality, that led him to miss
every once in awhile and hit Lana's pussy instead.

     The first time that happened, Lana almost fainted from the pain, but after
awhile she found herself looking forward to when the rod would slip and snap in
to her cunt with a meat thwack.

     It was under this assault the Lana had her most powerful orgasm yet,
titanic waves of orgasmic energy consuming every nerve in her body, and Lana
realized that she was a pain slut.

     "So you like that you fucking cunt, well you like this, put your arms
behind your head" Fargo demanded, turning Lana around to face him.

     It was with direct look into Lana's eyes that Fargo brought the rod down
onto her enormous mammaries.

     Tears welled up in Lana's eyes as Fargo went to town on her large bust, her
super sensitive nerves aflame from his vicious rod.

     Aroused by Lana's pain, Fargo shoved his cock between her big tits and
pressed a gun to her head.

     "Beg for it bitch and if you get any ideas about a repeat of your last
stunt forget it" Fargo warned, pressing the cold barrel of his gun against
Lana's cheek.

     "Please, please master, let me wrap my really big tits around that hard
cock, I've learned my lesson this time master. I only exist to slate my owner's
lusts" Lana uttered terrified.

     Getting the go ahead, Lana wrapped her large breasts around Fargo's meaty
cock, his hardness and the danger making her senses even more vivid, more alive
than ever before.

     Lana's sore tits surged with a cornucopia of erotic sensations as she
wanked Fargo's cock to a messy conclusion. Jizz surged out of Fargo's cock in a
geyser that finally landed on Lana's lovely orbs. It kept on shooting out of his
cock, making a growing creamy messy on the young woman on her knees before him.

     "Stay the fuck there of I'm shot the old fuck" Fargo threaten as he went to
retrieve a black kit from another barrel.

     Fargo open it up, which elicited a gasp from Lana because it was fill with
needles. Some were for piercing some were for tattooing, but Lana wanted none of
that.

     As it turned out, it was really up to her at that point. Fargo hand cuffed
her arms behind her back and went to work.

     "Stand still" Fargo growled as pulled hard on Lana's left nipple, so he
could jam a needle through it.

     Lana gasped at the growing burning sensation. "Oh did I forgot to tell you?
Since you were such a bitch earlier I'm using the set of needles with chili
powder on them, so much more painful don't you agree?" Fargo asked, before
pulling on Lana's other long nipple and piercing it too.

     The growing pain in Lana's large breasts was too great to find the words to
answer Fargo's question.

     Fargo turned Lana around and started tattooing something onto Lana's palm.
"I bet your you wondering what I am doing now? Well since you asked I'm putting
a bar code onto your hand, the ultimate in objectification wouldn't you agree?"

     "Perfect, well it's time to go, don't forget to wave goodbye to Grandpappy
Snow" Fargo told Lana, grabbing her by her handcuffed wrists and dragging her
out of Fargo's "weekend office."


     No one was there when Grandfather Snow woke up. His hip hurt like son of a
bitch, but he managed to pull out his cell phone and call for help.

     He was left to think about what went wrong as he waited for the ambulance
to arrive.

     I should never have trusted that evil motherfucker he decided was his first
mistake. Now thanks to that bad decision not only was his daughter gone, but so
too was his youngest Granddaughter.

       If that wasn't bad enough his hip was shattered. He wasn't walking
anywhere till he got a replacement.

     He thought about telling the police, but if they investigated, his
connection to all this would surely be discovered. He couldn't take that chance.

     That left him with just one option. His Grandchildren. He knew that he'd
have to tell them just about everything, but at least they wouldn't send him to
prison.

    

     "Mayor, the fly has been caught in the web, we have her daughter now, our
man, Fargo "The Cargo" Peterson is sending her over right time, she has already
been pierced and bar coded" one of the Mayor's men told him, ignoring the fact
that the Mayor was getting a blowjob from a world famous New York Times reporter
by the name of Grace Walker.

     "Good, I'm about to cum in this bitch's gossiping mouth, when I'm done
she's ours to enjoy Ralph, I've got to prepare for our new guest" the Mayor
explained.

     The Mayor looked into Grace's bedroom brown eyes as his cock slammed its
way down the journalist's throat.

     The bitch had been snooping around, getting into his business when she'd
been discovered, trying to get the secret story on him. The price for her
noisiness was that now she was a sex slave, her nipples pierced and diamond
studs inserted, and her palm was bar coded too.

     That reminded him of his new slave. Only the hottest pieces of ass, in
looks and in skills got diamond studs, the rest got lesser stones depending on
their rank.

     It was enough to getting him cumming in Grace's mouth till it trickled down
her chin and onto her 38DD tits.

     "She's all your's Ralph" the Mayor announce vacating the room to prepared
for the new slave.

     Ralph looked at Grace hungrily. He remembered watching her on TV doing
spots for the Times. He'd been dying to get himself a piece of her since she'd
arrived.

     Grace was a beautiful Asian women in a normal blouse and skirt, well normal
except for the fact that the Mayor had cut the crisp white blouse so it no
longer covered the reporter's huge tits.

     "Do you wish me to suck your cock master, I love the feel of a man fucking
my face master" Grace offered, fighting back the urge to drool at the thought of
fresh cock, one she never tasted before.

     "No! No that's all right, I'm a little phobic about germs, so my tastes are
shall we say different" Ralph explained.

     Different they were. Ralph had poor Grace hanging from a pole, her wrists
and ankles tied to it, so that her tits hung down, vulnerable to his cruel
torments.

     Ralph held up a pair of lit candles, close enough to Grace's large tits to
be excruciatingly painful, but to left no marks.

     If a diamond's beauty was harmed the Mayor would have his balls, but it was
alright, even encouraged to cause them as much pain as possible without damaging
them.

     Ralph pulled the drill out next. This was no ordinary drill though, it had
a dildo for an attachment and the dildo had small bristles on it, not so stiff
as to cause damage, but stiff enough to make things more painful.

     Ralph pressed the drill against the entrance to Grace's snatch, making her
eyes bug out in terror.

     "What's that, you don't want it in you cunt, well I have been having great
day so I be charitable, I'll shove it up your ass instead" Ralph offered,
chuckling at the gagged woman's plight.

     Grace squealed like a stuck pig, as the drill in invaded her rectum,
already on and turning. It got worse when Ralph fucked her with, slamming it in
and out of her while he notching it up to a higher speed.

     Grace wailed as her ass took a sadistic pounding, her bowling being
scrubbed clean in the most painful way Grace could imagine. To add insult to
injury, Grace could feel an orgasm coming on, and her body was rocked when it,
her cunt sauce squirting onto the Mayor's rug.

     Ralph pulled his toy out of Grace's ass and gave it a quick sniff, before
removing Grace's gag and placing it against her lips.

     Grace had been a sex slave for a week now and knew what was expected of
her. Grace stuck her tongue out and started licking the dildo clean, brown stuff
and all.

     Ralph left Grace there, hung up over the Mayor's desk like a trophy, candle
flames bringing tears of pain and joy to her eyes.




                     Chapter 4: Undercover

                               

     24 year old Heidi and 20 year Alex Snow stood by their Grandfather's side,
waiting for him to awaken. Heidi was gently sponging his forehead when his eyes
fluttered open.

     "I feel like dog shit" Grandfather Snow groaned, his hand brushing against
his Granddaughter's big tits as he grabbed a glass of water.

     His second Granddaughter was just as beautiful as the first, with long wavy
red hair that she usually pulled back into a pony tail, two long bangs trailing
down her face, which she'd inherited from her Grandmother.

     Her sparkling green eyes that seemed to outshone the sun itself with their
brilliance, came from his side of the family.

     "Heidi, how, how did you get in here, no one is allowed in except police
officers and doctors?" Grandfather Snow asked with a confused look on his face.

     "Professional curtsy" Heidi answered with a gentle smile on her face the
did nothing to hide the concern in her eyes.

     "Heidi, you're a vet not a doctor so fess up" Grandfather Snow ordered his
lovely Granddaughter.

     "The uniform looks pretty much the same" Heidi explained, amused at how
easily he saw through her.

     "So want happened to you" Alex asked his Grandfather, seeming to come out
the shadows and nearly scaring his Grandfather into needing a real doctor.

     "Alex my boy, you have got to stop sneaking up on people! You almost gave
me a heart attack" Grandfather Snow growled at Alex.

     Alex was just as good looking as his sisters, but with blond hair and blue
eyes.

     "Sorry Grandfather, I was in sneak mode to get in here" Alex explained
sheepishly.

     Alex had been train by a covert agency when he'd turned 18. At 20 he'd been
turf out for getting drunk one night and raping some of the local women.

     His skill with his ability to sneak and hide kept him from getting caught,
but his teachers were far more skilled, they found out what he'd done and he was
banished. Alex hadn't touch a drop of booze since, but that had been two month's
ago.

     His Grandfather had no idea he'd been turf and Alex had no intention of
telling him. He smiled at his Grandfather instead and repeated his question.

     "A former friend of mine beat the shit out of me and raped your sister as
an added fuck you" Grandfather Snow explained, his tone of voice betraying his
bitterness and frustration.

     "Oh my God, is she alright?" Heidi gasped, horrified at the thought of
her18 year old sister being raped.

     "No she's not, he took her, the son of a bitch is selling Lana to the Mayor
of Mexico City, he's the head of the sex trade in Mexico apparently."

     "How exactly were you involved with this man?" Alex asked, knowing there
had to be more to Grandfather Snow's story.

     "I, I see no choice, but to tell you the truth" Grandfather Snow said with
a surrendering sigh.

     "When your mother was born your Grandmother got all religious for some
reason and she, she divorced me, you've got to understand she taking me for all
I was worth, she was going to take my only daughter away!" Grandfather Snow
explained, crushing guilt coming back to him in waves.

     "You had our Grandmother killed!" Heidi accused, pulling away from her
Grandfather in shock.

     "Hell no, I'm no murder and I certainly wouldn't waste such a hot piece of
ass as your Grandmother, no I sold her into slavery and used the money I got
from the deal to build the family fortune and I told your mother that her mother
had died in birth."

     "You've got to go to the authorities"Heidi demanded rocked by his
revelation. Heidi had been prepared to find out he'd been mugged, not a sex
slave trader.

     "And go to prison for rest of my life, I don't thing so" Grandfather Snow
countered, worried that he'd made a mistake trusting them with the truth.

     "Well what are we going to do, we can't leave her there" Heidi asked,
fearing for her sister's safety.

     Melissa had always seemed a cold woman, distant as the two sister had been
growing up and Heidi had been more of a mother, at lest on an emotional level,
than Melissa to Lana and Alex.

     "Of course not, that's why you called use on your cell, you want us to go
undercover and find Lana" Alex explained after listening quietly for so long. It
was amazing what one could figure out if only one learned when to stay silent.

     "Did you bring the silver slip I asked you to bring Heidi?" Grandfather
Snow asked gently.

     "Yeah, but why would you need...no way, no freaking way am I going to be
your bait!" Heidi asserted, unable to believe they were asking this of her.

     "No, not bait, more like merchandise" Grandfather Snow said as if that some
how made it better.

     "Look do you want to save Lana or not?" Grandfather Snow asked impatiently.

     "Well yes, but..."

     "Look if you hope to catch Lana before she leaves for Mexico, you'll have
to go now, there's no time to argue, I'll give the directions, but you'd better
hurry..."


     Heidi looked incredible wearing nothing, but a silk silver slip, black high
heels, and a black gem studded dog collar with a leash that Alex was holding.

     Heidi knocked on the door and a slit for eyes opened. "Hello, is this
Fargo's week day office, I've come with some serious merchandise for sale?" Alex
asked nodding toward's his gorgeous sister.

     "Yeah, this is Fargo's office, but how do I know the merchandise is what
I'm looking for with the wrapper still on?" he asked in turn.

     "Excuse me?" Alex asked, surprised at the request.

     "So much for the subtle approach" Fargo sighed. "Let's see the bitch's tits
already!" Fargo demanded, growing impatient.

     Heidi hadn't been expecting this, but she slowly pulled up her slip, over
her head and tossed it on the ground, her big tits bouncing free.

     Heidi's nipples grew hard in the cold fall air, but she did nothing to hide
her perfect body from either the wind or Fargo's hungry gaze.

     "Put your arms behind your head and thrust your big tits out some more"
Fargo commanded next with a chuckle.

     In order to get inside Heidi decided to play along. After all it wasn't the
first time she'd done degrading things to help her siblings and it wasn't going
to be the last, Heidi was sure of it.

     Heidi put her hands behind her head and thrust her enormous tits forwards
to the appreciative whistle of Fargo.

     It didn't pass Heidi notice that Alex couldn't take his eyes off her tits
anymore than Fargo could.

     "Nice, turn around slowly" Fargo commanded, his cock so hard he nearly
creamed his pants, just staring at the creamy skin that covered Heidi's flawless
globes of tit flesh.

     Heidi's ass was just as delectable, with a firmness that almost brought
tears to his eyes. He was going to enjoy punishing this one.

     Enjoying his little game, Fargo continued to give the young beauty orders,
despite the growing crowd and dangers that came with it.

     Heidi was getting off on being made to strip naked in public, her
phenomenal body on display for ever horny bastard lucky enough to be walking
down that street.

     Heidi had always been the biggest exhibitionist in the family, wearing the
smallest bikini's, spandex tops that showed off more tit flesh than they
covered, and revealing, but elegant, black dresses when she grew out of her
Brittany Spears phase.

     No one loved having big tits more than Heidi. Heidi was normally a very shy
person, never able to introduce herself to guys, so dressing up like she was
easy was the best way to get them to introduce themselves to her. Of course
Heidi wasn't easy, she was just a cock tease and no one was more of an expert at
it than she.

     It had gotten her through high school and college early, not that she
needed it, she was the treasurer of her local Mensa, but she'd done it because
she liked the feeling of power it gave her control, in a life where she felt
she'd never had any.

     Still the teachers had power too and it was inevitable that they'd
blackmail her into sexual favours, even the one's Heidi didn't flirt with. Heidi
just took it as matter of fact that all her teacher would end up in her pants
whether she like it or not and they did.

     So it was with great joy the Heidi found herself stark naked in the centre
of a growing crowd.

     Fargo was enjoying the view, but he knew the Fed's wanted a piece of his
ass, so he had make absolutely sure that they weren't cops.

     "Now suck your owner's dick" Fargo demanded, getting off on humiliating
Heidi publicly.

     Shocked, Heidi looked over into her brother's wide eyes and not only shock,
but deep down a glimmer of excitement at the prospect of fucking his gorgeous
sister.

     Looking down Heidi saw that her brother's cock agreed with at sediment, it
was as hard as steel.

     It was with butterflies in her stomach that Heidi lowered herself to her
knees, locking her gaze onto Alex's eyes.

     Heidi slowly unzipped Alex's fly, freeing a monster of a cock, that was so
big it looked like it should have had a lake and tourists of its own.

     Heidi knew it was wrong to suck on her brother's cock like the straw on an
extra thick milk shake, but the shear vulgarity of being incestuous made her
thirty for his man milk even more.

     "Please master, may your cunt-slave suck on your big tasty dick so that you
can cum all over her face in front of all these strangers?" Heidi asked, saying
it loud enough for every one to hear her begging for it like a cheap whore.

     Heidi started licking Alex's cock to lube it up so it'd slid down her
throat easier, but it was her pussy that was getting really wet, from the moment
her tongue touched her brother's throbbing cock.

     Heidi took her time with licking her brother's dick, getting off an his
look of utter torment. Heidi like being a cock tease, it made men cruder and
crueler both of which she'd learned to crave.

     Unable to stand her teasing, Alex grabbed Heidi by her pony tail and shoved
his big cock into his sister's mouth till it hit the back of her throat.

     This was exactly what Heidi wanted, she loved cock teasing a guy until he
blackmailed her or raped her. They thought they were in control, but it was
always an illusion she fabricated for her amusement.

     Heidi's cheeks hollowed as her mouth became a vortex from which no sperm
could escape, her hand skilfully playing with her brother's ball at the same
time as her finger managed to find its way into his asshole.

     Heidi was an expert cock sucker, no one could do the things that she doing
with her tongue and what she was doing with her throat muscles seemed impossible
to Alex and yet Alex had managed to miraculously resist cumming.

     No one had lasted this long in her mouth before, Heidi was the mechanical
bull of blowjobs, but Alex was proving to be one hell of a cowboy.

     Heidi took this as a personal challenge to her skills and pulled every
trick she knew out, from teasing him with her teeth, to humming while blew him.

     Alex couldn't hold back any longer and pulled his dick out and hosed
Heidi's pretty face with his steaming hot man chowder, his cum dripping down
onto her huge jugs. Heidi grinned in triumph.

     Heidi submissively lick her brother's dick clean, but made no attempt to
clean herself up, she enjoyed kneeling there in front of a crowd with her
brother's cum dripping down her face, marking her as a harlot.

     Fargo didn't need to give them their next set of orders as Alex made Heidi
get on her back, holding her legs spread wide apart and up in the air, leaving
her lovely snatch open to public view.  Alex knelt between her legs and rubbed
his cock between Heidi's pussy lips like a hot dog in a bun, teasing in revenge
for her teasing.

     "Oh Gawd you bastard, ram that gorgeous cock of yours inside, buried man
meat inside me please, I begging you fuck me hard and nasty in front of
everybody, I need it soooo bad" Heidi begged, her the teasing of Alex's cock
overwhelming her usual need to manipulate the guy into being the aggressor.

     Heidi wrapped her long legs around Alex and used them to pull him in, her
cunt slurping up his big cock just as hungrily as her mouth had.

     Heidi's big tits bounced and swayed in circles as her brother's cock
blurred as it slammed into her, again and again, a loud squelching nose
resulting from their fast and furious fucking.

     Heidi adored the massive cock inside and started screaming ecstatically as
Alex banged her harder, faster, and nastier to the applause of the crowd.

     Heidi's back arched and her giant breasts thrust up like two massive
mountains in the mid afternoon sun, their peaks a pretty shade of pink instead
of white, as heart wrenching multigasm enveloped her and refused to stop.

     Heidi was screaming so loudly as she came that some in the crowd thought he
killing her. Her eyes rolled up in her head and her body convulsed like she was
possessed.

     Seeing Heidi cum, Alex unleashed his own torrent, his hot cum filling his
sister's hole to over flowing.

     Alex wasn't finished just because he'd cum. Alex shoved his face into
Heidi's large tits, sucking and kneading like a dog with a bone. It was enough
to start Heidi cumming again, a titgasmic tidal washing over her, starting with
her awe inspiring knockers.

     Sweat covered Heidi's body, which made it easier for Alex to slip his cock
between her heavenly hooters and start fucking away at the well endowed red
head.

     Alex had cum twice now so he took his time, continuing to sexual torment
his sister's big melon's in revenge for her own teasing earlier. He had the
bitch and begging and pleading with him to blow his load on her gravity defying
melons.

     When Heidi was almost tears and Alex fucked her ample chest in earnest
making the beautiful young woman cum again, for the third time, before emptying
his seed all over her giant knockers, just as Heidi had requested.

     "You can come in now and hurry it up" Fargo offered, freaking out as he
heard sirens in the distance.


     Heidi had her slip back on and sitting on a fake leather sofa beside her
brother, while Fargo was on the phone with his boss. "Mayor I assure you, this
guy isn't a cop, I mean for God shakes I just saw his fucking his sister in
public, not to mention he's selling her into slavery"

     Fargo grinned at the Mayor's reply. "Yes sir, she a diamond alright, she's
so fucking hot it makes me wish we had a higher grade for her, I came in my
pants just watching her give her brother a blowjob."

     "No sir, she isn't supermodel hot, she's hotter, yes sir, get her pierced
and ready to go, alright I'll see you when I reach the farm."

     Fargo hung up and turned back to Alex. "Congratulations Alex, your hired,
your pay depends on what duties you preform at the farm and the grade of pussy
you capture."

     "The bitch beside you is the highest grade, diamond, and she fetch you
100,000 no problem" Fargo added, staring at Heidi's lovely chest again. "Excuse
me a moment my man, I've got to grab some stuff for the slut here" Fargo added,
disappearing into the backrooms of his week day office.

     "Alex, I'm scared, he's going to take me down to Mexico and do who knows
what to me now" Heidi pointed out, her body gently trembling with fear.

     "I'll be there to protect you from anything serous, we have to do this if
were to free Mom and Lana" Alex pointed out, hiding his real motivations.

     To Alex, this was his dream job, kidnapping beautiful young women and
forcing them into slavery, making them perform the most degrading sex acts known
to man for his amusement.

     Still Alex hadn't forgotten why he was in this and he was going to save his
family or die trying.


     "Please don't do this!" Heidi begged, looking in fear at the needle
descending towards her nipple, which was being pulled hard on by Fargo so he'd
have more room to pierce.

     Alex held her arms behind her back as she struggled. It wasn't for her own
good he decided, if the Fargo missed, he'd use the needle with chili powder on
it.

     Just as he was about to pierce Heidi's nipple Fargo stopped. "Hey man, your
one of use now, plus she's your catch not mine so why don't you pierce and tag
her, it's easy."

     Alex felt his cock stiffening at the thought of piercing his sister's
beautiful long nipples, marking her as a sex slave for life.

     Fargo and Alex switched places, with Fargo holding Heidi's arms and Alex
with the tool kit in his hands.

     Alex was about to pull out the normal needle when he saw the needle with
chili powder on it and twinge ran through his cock. Alex looked at his beautiful
sister, with tears welling up in her pretty eyes.

     I'll tell her I pick up the wrong needle by mistake, she'll never knew the
truth Alex told himself as he pick up the chili powder needle.

     Alex almost creamed himself as he pulled painfully hard on his sister's
nipple and pressed the needle against her.

     "Please Alex, don't do this" Heidi pleaded with her brother, just turning
him on more.

     Heidi gasped in pain as Alex slowly pierced her nipple, moving the needle
up and down the new hole in such a way the he managed to get all the chili
powder stuffed in there.

     The pain was so great that it stole the voice from, Heidi's mouth and the
air from her lungs as she scream soundlessly.

     Alex turned the other nipple and pierced it with even greater attention to
making it even more agonizing for his sister.

     The pain was so great, so extreme, that Heidi started cumming just to
compensate. Every nerve in her body was alive with pleasure and pain so great
Heidi's mind danced on the edge of sanity.

     Alex could no longer resist, he forced his sister on her knees and impaled
his cock in her mouth.

     Heidi gobbled it up, despite her pain, deepthroating his sausage greedily,
his balls smacking loudly her in the chin.

     To add to Heidi's pain Fargo stuffed his cock up her tight young ass,
making her scream around Alex's cock. Fargo upon hearing Heidi's scream just
rode her ass harder.

     Heidi had never been fucked by two men before and she found it was very
much to her liking.

     It seemed to Heidi that the more her nipples hurt the brutally they banged
her. The cruel way they were using her just stirred her on more.

     Heidi took as much cum in her mouth, but didn't swallow, when Alex started
cumming. Pulling his cock from her mouth Heidi started gargling the creamy
libation, finishing off with a slow, very pronounced swallow.

     This very nasty, very slutty sight was more than enough to drive Fargo
beyond the point of return.

     Fargo slammed into Heidi's ass more intensely than before as he approached
him climatic finish, which he reached with a bang, an explosion of cum that
flushed out Heidi's anal track with pale ale.

     Fargo extricated his softening manhood from Heidi backside, cleaning his
well serviced tool on her backside.

     Exhausted, they just stood there, Heidi with cum dripping from her chin
onto her tits and from her brown chute.

     Getting his energy back, Fargo offered his big man candle to Heidi's mouth
for cleaning. "Thank you master for letting me suck you clean" Heidi uttered,
before opening her mouth wide to consume his filth sausage down her masterful
throat.

     As Heidi devoured Fargo's tool, Alex went back to work, this time tattooing
Heidi's palm with a bar code.

     Heidi drained Fargo's balls long before Alex was finished, so Fargo fetched
a pair of diamond studs for her nipple.

     Heidi had never been one for jewellery, she thrust out her large melons out
for the diamond studs which marked her as a prized pleasure slave. Heidi looked
down at the diamond studs that accentuated her lovely long nipples felt a thrill
course through her.

     I could get used to this Heidi resolved. No bills, no dating, no future
step-mothers, just nonstop fucking and delightful punishments. This is the life
for me.

    

     "You want to use me as a coke mule!" Heidi cried out, her eyes nearly
popping out in cartoon fashion.

     "You have a problem with that princess do you?" Fargo asked, chuckling.
"Well then princess you can rest easily because no kiddies are going to be
sniffing this stuff, it going back to manufacturer , the Mayor, because it's
shit and he wants to know why."

     "This shit couldn't get the Pope stoned, never mined a hard core junkie,
pet rocks are selling better than this crap" Fargo added, pulling a long salmi
shaped bag of the white stuff from a box.

     "So the Mayor's into selling sex slaves and drugs, is there anything else I
should know about?" Heidi asked sarcastically.

     "Yeah, he gives sarcastic little cunts like you over to Ralph's tender
hands when they piss him off, Ralph's a sick motherfucker so you'd best keep the
attitude down" Fargo warned with a glare.

     "Well let's get to it then" Fargo ordered, grabbing three bags of coke from
the box, plus the receipt.

     Heidi had never experienced as much shame and humiliation as she did as
Fargo had her open her mouth wide so her could force the long thick, salmi
shaped coke bag down her throat.

     Getting off on Heidi's discomfort, Fargo started fucking her throat with
the bag of coke as if it were a really long cock. Heidi sucked hard on, praying
that the bag wouldn't break.

     Heidi's juicy, tight, young cunt was next, it slipped in with out a
problem, but it sent a shudder of pleasure racing through Heidi's body.

     Her ass was next and that didn't go in nearly as easy. Once it was in,
Fargo started pistoning the lower two bags in and put of her, double fucking the
sexy red head with the coke, much to Heidi's chagrin.

     Heidi's clawed at the floor as Fargo would fuck her with the coke till she
nearly came and then stop and then start all over again.

     "By all the Gods, make me cum master, I promise I'll be a good little
whore"Heidi implored Fargo through her clenched teeth.

     Fargo relented, using his surprising strength to fuck Heidi to a screaming
climax that reverberated throughout her body.

     To added insult to injury Fargo stuffed a used butt plug into Heidi's mouth
and then did the same with her other two orifices.

     Fargo ten shoved the receipt into Heidi's ample cleavage, taking his good
time to remove his fingers.

     He gave Heidi a business suit to put on and a doctor's mask to hide the
butt plug in her mouth.


     It was the longest flight of Heidi's life or so it seemed. Scared she was
going to get caught with drugs in her girly parts. Being sent to "the farm" to
pose as a sex slave to free her sister and mother. Not even sure if her father
was still alive. It all combined with turbulence to make it one nerve wracking
ride that nearly had Heidi in tears the whole way there.

     Still when they arrived at the special airport on the farm, which was more
like a small village, it didn't get any better.

     Alex was separated and sent to the Mayor, while Heidi was sent to a white
building the looked like a miniature white house for "processing", whatever that
meant.

    

     Lana was butt naked in what looked like a barn in a stall that was filled
with hay. Two huge suction cups were attached to her big tits, milking her like
a diary cow.

     Never had Lana imagined that such humiliation existed as she knelt on all
fours in a smelly stall, being milked and awaiting horny men who'd come in so
she could blow them.

     When she'd first resisted, they's put her on a cum only diet so she'd have
no choice, but to suck dick.

     They'd promised her that if she continued to act like a good little whore,
they'd let her sleep in the slave apartments at night instead if her stall,
which she heard from the slaves on either side, were very luxurious.

     It was as she was giving up hope of freedom, starting to except her new
place as a cum receptacle and nothing else, that she heard the voices of her
brother Alex and her sister Heidi that hope sprung from her heart again.

     If anyone could get her out of this it was her brother with his spy skills
and her sister with her brains.

     Just then another customer stood before Lana's stall. The stranger took the
tube that hung beside Lana's stall, pressed a button and started drinking up
Lana's tit milk.

     Lana took this as a hint and unzipped his fly, pulling out his black cock.
It was big, but that didn't stop Lana from blowing him. She just bobbed her head
lower and lower till heavy balls slapped against her chin loudly.

     Have I serviced him before? Lana wondered, having sucked so many cocks at
this point that she could no longer tell and Lana had only been there two days.

     Still Lana loved to suck cock, even found that she needed to suck cock now,
so it was no surprise to Lana that she started cumming.

     This drove Lana to devour the stranger's cock with greater devotion, till
the stranger exploded in her mouth, his salty goo bathing her tongue with its
richness.

     Lana swallowed his cum like a camel at an oasis, so greed for his sauce
that some dribbled down her chin.

     Lana was punished for this by the stranger's large hand, smacking her
enticing young buttocks till tears streamed in her eyes and she'd sucked him to
another orgasm, this time not spilling so much as a drop.

     "Thank you master for drinking my milk and fucking my face and must of all
for punishing me for missing a drop of you delicious cum." Lana offered
submissively.

     Lana looked out the small window in the barn and saw the growing line up
outside, like kids lining up for the Farris Wheel, and knew it was going to a
long, but pleasurable day.




                   Chapter 5: Viva Revolution

                                               

     Melissa aimed her rifle at the Mayor's head, briefly glancing over at her
fellow revolutionaries.

     As a rich, beautiful, American woman with tits the size of states, the last
thing Melissa would have thought she would have became would have been a Mexican
socialist revolutionary, yet here she was in military fatigues, in a black mask,
aiming her rifle at the corrupt head of the Mayor of Mexico city.

     Melissa didn't like the idea of killing a fellow human being, even one that
did the things to her that the Mayor did, but she reminded herself that if she
didn't he was going to destroy this local native village on behalf of the
logging firms and undoubtably force all the incredible pussy in the village into
slavery.

     As she pulled the trigger, she watched his head exploded into fragments of
porcelain and realized that it was all a trap.

     The Mexican paramilitary units popped out from carefully chosen hiding
places and the battle for the village began in earnest.

     Bullets flying every were, Melissa and allies grouped behind the local
church to put together a strategy to save the villagers.

     "Look, I think I knew the Mayor well enough to now, he thinks with his
cock, if I lead a teams of volunteers, same Sara, Mary, and the hottest girls in
this village to distract the Mayor and his men, that should leave the rest of
you with an opportunity to evacuate the rest of the village and yourselves."
Melissa offered, knowing that they were running out of time.

     "No, I can't allow you to sacrifice your self like this, he'll make you
anyone else who goes with you into sex slaves, he'll force you to do the most
degrading sexual act possible" her commander declared with authority.

     "Sorry, but it's my cunt my call" Melissa countered before turning to the
village girls. "Look this is the time to say no now, but remember that I can't
do this on my own and if this fails he'll not only get the rest of the village,
he'll get you too" Melissa warned.

     Getting all the pretty girls to agree, Melissa started off, but her
commander grabbed her arm. "You know we wouldn't be able to free you, �the farm'
is too heavily fortified for that."

     Melissa just nodded silently and hurried up and joined the others who'd
decided heroically to sacrifice their beautiful young bodies and large tits to
the lusts of the enemy in order to save the village and the revolution.

     "Wait a second Mary" Melissa asked as she ran up behind her. Melissa tugged
the between young woman's pants down and ripped the panties right off her, tying
them to her rifle and using it as a white flag.

     Melissa smacked Mary's ass hard, before tugging her pants up again, knowing
full well that they'd be around Mary's ankles soon enough.

     The two groups met near the village school, Melissa and her women on one
side, and the Mayor and his horny paramilitary troops on the other.

     "So the American bitch who ran over my slut of daughter is back for more,
what trying to kill my family wasn't enough for you, you have shot me as well"
The Mayor joked to his men, getting a chuckle out of them.

     "Wait, I thought your daughter was a nun..." Melissa asked confused by the
slut reference.

     "That didn't stop her from fucking your husband" Mayor explained, seething
at the thought of his little flower allowing that animal of an America to defile
her sacred temple.

     Well he'd come to the decision that if his daughter wanted to act like a
whore she'd be made into one. He sent her over to his farm, to await his arrival
and her punishment.

     "Bitch" Melissa muttered darkly, thinking about all the nasty and sexually
degrading acts she'd make that fucking home wrecker do when she got to the farm.
Melissa shook it off and remembered what they were here to do.   

     "We surrender, we're now you property master" Melissa offered huskily,
unzipping her jacket to free her mammoth jugs from their confines.

     Sara and Mary did the same, giving the enemy even more distracting eye
candy, six huge tits, begging for use.

     The Mayor squeezed Mary's meaty orbs, before nodding to one of the village
girls. A beautiful 22 year woman was brought forth, the local school teacher if
Melissa remembered correctly.

     She was wearing an off the shoulder blouse, which the Mayor promptly pulled
down to free two mountainous globes to the view of his debauched personal army.

     The beautiful Mexican school teacher had a sharp in take of breath at her
sudden exposer, but did nothing to stop the Mayor from taking her heavenly orbs
in his rough hands.

     To her surprise, the school teacher found she was getting wet, her panties
soaking up her juices.

     "Do you know what you are know bitch?" the Mayor asked, looking the
terrified teacher right in the eye.

     "I'm your property, a slave to fuck you and your men" she answered quietly
as if she couldn't believe what she was saying.

     "What's your name?" the Mayor asked, tugging painfully hard on the
teacher's long nipples.

     "My name is Carla master and I live to please my owner in any way I can"
the teacher replied, curtsying.

     "Then suck my cock Carla" he ordered with a cruel grin. "And make sure to
swallow all my cum or I'll have to take my belt to your lovely behind" he added.

     "It'll be my pleasure master" Carla muttered fearfully, sinking to her
knees before her master. She unzipped his pants and fished out his big cock,
holding it in her hand.

     Carla stared at it for a moment, unsure what to do with the mammoth beast,
having never given head before, but instincts she didn't know she had kicked in
and she started licking around the head of the twitching cock.

     Carla took the Mayor's heavy balls in her soft hands, gently massaging his
hairy nut sack. It didn't pass her notice that she had the power to crush his
balls in her hands as she slipped the head of his cock between her lovely lips.

     Carla got off on having the safety of the Mayor's nuts in her hands and
that arousal translated into the beautiful teacher deepthroating his large cock,
her cheeks hollowing as she slurped on his manhood.

     The Mayor's men took this chance to have some fun of their own.

     Melissa found herself on her back, a big dick in her mouth and another dick
in her cunt. The two paramilitary men fucked the beautiful blue in rhythm,
slamming the sexy slut with man beef.

     Melissa's big tits jiggled around erotically, her mouth devouring cock like
the nympho she knew herself to be.

     Sara found herself bent over a huge log, one of the paramilitary troops
aiming his missile at her anal port.

     He launched his big missile into her backside, filling her shit chute with
some grade A Mexican beef.

     Sara cried out at the sudden intrusion into her anal passages, her soft
tits scrapping again the rough bark of the log. This only enticed the sexy Aztec
girl ask him to give it to her harder and filthier.

     Mary felt the blood rushing to her head as an especially strong soldier
flipped her upside down in the air and impaled her mouth on his rock hard out.

     Mary swallow his hog with gratitude, gobbling up every inch of his sausage
with gusto. To reciprocate, the paramilitary man buried his face in Mary hot wet
snatch, his whiskers tickling her clit.

     To add to this he adjusted his gripe so he could shove his thumb into
Mary's tight young rectum.

     Another sexy young village girl, this time no older than 18, was stripped
naked and made to kneel on the ground, while her arms were tied and the ropes
thrown over the limb of a tree.

     Her arms held over her head helplessly, she look on in horror as one of the
paramilitary men pulled a bull whip from his pack.

     The fear in the eyes of the beautiful young woman made it all more
enjoyable for the violent bastard so he playfully snapped the whip at her large
38FF size tits, just stopping short by an inch.

     "What's your name bitch?" he asked, drinking in her fear like wine.

     "Clara, please master would you rather make me suck your dick, or you can
take my virginity, just please don't whip me" she answered, pleading with him
for mercy.

     "Oh, I'll do both, but like I like a little foreplay first" he responded,
bringing down his whip on her tender tit flesh.

     Clara let out a scream that sent the local bird population fleeing and was
sure to chill those lucky enough to have escaped.

     "Don't worry bitch, you'll come to crave the taste of a whip, in time
you'll beg me to punish you like the cock worshipping whore that you are."

     As he continued to whip Clara, she found what he said was true, the pain
gave way to pleasure like she'd never imagined and Clara discovery herself
begging him to whip her harder as a titanic titgasm washed over her in a deluge
of sensation.

     "Have you ever been raped by a semi automatic rifle before?" asked one of
the two paramilitary men shoving the barrels of their guns into another village
slut.

     From the discarded white coat, they realized it was the village doctor they
were fucking with their weapons. This just made them fuck her with more zeal,
showing the bodacious bitch the true prepose of her anatomy.

     One had his gun buried her tight young cunt, the other in her virgin
asshole, together they were brutalizing the beautiful young woman's orifices
with cruel delight.

     "So your Dr. Lopez, the Mayor told us about you, when we get back to �the
farm' the Mayor's going to have a special job for you" one of the men violating
the lovely doctor told her.

     Dr. Lopez was relieved when the deadly weapons were removed from her, but
that wasn't to last as to throbbing cocks took their place, the much thicker
weapons showing her how much more violated she could be.

     Gabriel gasped as her arms were forced behind her back and legs forced
apart in the air, leaving only her giant tits to keep her face from the ground.

     The beautiful 18 year old school girl squealed as a large branch was rubbed
against her pussy lips.

     "If you beg enough maybe I'll use my cock to pop your cherry instead of
this branch bitch" one of the paramilitary offered.

     "Please pound your big cruel cock into my tight young cunt, steal my
virginity and fill me with jizz!" squealed Gabriel, her young body trembling
with both fear and anticipation.

     The paramilitary man rubbed his cock between the sexy villager's pussy lips
and clit, eliciting her cunt into drooling in a most humiliating fashion onto
his combat boots.

     It was with a sharp in take of breath that Gabriel found herself impaled on
the soldier's huge throbbing cock.

     "Oh fuck!" Gabriel moaned as the soldier sweaty balls slapped painfully
hard against her solid clit.

     The second last of the village girl's who had chosen to sacrifice
themselves to the lusts of the enemy, Kimberly a blond exchange student from
Montreal, screamed as one of the paramilitary officers took two pairs of pliers
to her long nipples.

     Her platinum blond hair was in a pony tail and her crystal clear blue eyes
expressed her pain and ecstasy with a clarity that could get a saint to sexually
abuse her.

     Kimberly's arms were being held behind her by one of the soldier's as the
commanding officer of the Mayor's force found new and inventive ways to torture
Kimberly's 46FF tits.

     "Please stop, I'll do anything you want, I'll suck you dick, drink your
piss, but please just stop" the tearful beauty pleaded, agony in her eyes, but
the cunt cream streaming down her leg told another story.

     Intrigued by her offer, Commander Antonio Cruz handed his plier's to two of
his men, who continued to use them to tug hard on her nipples.

     "Open you mouth bitch and ask for my piss" Antonio demanded crudely,
excited by the debasement of the sexy young woman before him.

     Not wanting to give sadistic bastard an excuse to find further torments for
her, Kimberly acquiesced to the commander's demeaning demand.

     "Please oh great master, pull out that great big dick of yours and start
pissing in my face, let gargle your salty pee master please."

     Antonio was more than happy to oblige the budding young slut. Urine
exploded from his cock right into Kimberly's face, piss dripping down her cheek
until she opened her mouth and turned towards the golden stream so she could
catch the yellow ambrosia in her thirsty mouth.

     Kimberly let her mouth over flow with pee, swirling it around in her mouth
before finally gulping down the first mouthful.

     Kimberly licked her lips, eager for more humiliation and abuse.

     Kimberly's mouth continued to fill up, she gargled the next mouthful when
it started to spill down her chin and onto her huge tits.

     Marie couldn't believe her luck. The hottest village girl's all around her
were being violated by the Mayor's men, yet instead of sharing the same fate,
she was told to bury her face in her teacher's dripping wet snatch, something
the love stuck student had dreamed of ever since Carla had started teaching 16
year old.

     Marie dived in with unsurpassed enthusiasm, slipping her long narrow tongue
up her teacher's cunt, to lap at her g-spot, her thumb in the mean time,
diddling Carla's clit with a joy that all but left Marie in tears of ecstatic
beatitude .

     Feminine juices trickled down Marie's chin, but that simply drove Marie to
greater heights of pussy licking genius.

     Shoving a finger up Carla's tight virgin asshole was like setting off a
bomb Marie found, because the orgasmic explosion it brought on in Carla put
nuclear warhead to shame at there inadequacy.

     The contractions in Carla's cunt, nearly broke the fingers Marie had inside
her, or so it seemed the pretty young student.

     That wasn't enough to stop Marie from spanking Carla's vulnerable buttocks,
her cheeks too tempting a target to resist.

     Carla in turn had always wanted to fuck her senior students, but had feared
being fired for the abuse of power. Now every one of those hot cunts was Carla's
for the fucking.

     The exultation of being tongue fucked by one of her favourite students
excited Carla to the point that she nearly choked on the Mayor's cock as it made
its merry way down her throat. The result of this was that her throat muscles
milked his cock dry, hot creamy sperm pouring down her throat like a vulgar
night cap after a seemingly eternal bout of world class cock sucking.

     "Trade places" the Mayor instructed.

     Marie found herself staring at the Mayor huge one eyed snake. It frightened
her tremendously, but when she saw Carla spittle still on it and decided for
that reason alone she wanted it in her mouth.

     Marie lick up Carla's spittle off the Mayor cock, but to her surprise she
was getting off on her first taste dick almost as much as Carla spittle.

     This enticed the pretty student to devour the Mayor's evil, but seductive
cock

     Sucking dick was better than Marie had ever dreamed, the lovely lass was
more grateful at her new status as a sex slave, little more than a beautiful cum
receptacle.

     Carla was happily fingering Marie's hole, getting off on making her student
cum on her fingers in jarring implosions of orgasmic voltage, until she felt hot
flesh pressing against her sphincter.

     Carla looked behind her to see on a grin on the paramilitary man's face as
he jabbed his rock hard prick up Carla's unprotected arse.

     That pain was great sound eluded her, but moment's later, the pleasures of
having her ass pounded by an over sized cock, overpowered and assimilated the
pain to the point where Carla found herself begging her tormentor to rape her
ass harder and faster.

     The more it hurt, the better it felt till Carla found herself enraptured
with the agony, craving it with greater need, than oxygen.

     The masochistic bitch creamed herself in a utopia of endless orgasmic
fervour as a second cock tore its way down her rectal track, but fucking the
slutty bitch for all she was worth.

     Carla scream echoed her sensations, a sound the seemed almost nonhuman, a
banshee's wail warning of mind shedding orgasmic fury, a heaven and hells
entwined in a damned enrapture that could chill the soul with it's divine
beauty.

     Melissa was hanging off the ground thanks to the two beastly cocks crashing
into her, a titanic clash of man meat, buried inside the lust consumed Yankee
slut.

     Both sets of her lips feasted greedily on cock, worshipping the very cocks
that debased her, with their endless hunger for abuse.

     The paramilitary man with his finger tangled in Melissa silky blond hair,
plunged his big hairy cock down her gullet with a viciousness that made Melissa
tingle with need.

     Her lung burned red hot with pain, but that drove the rich beauty to the
next level in her cock swallowing extravaganza.

     The horny bastard behind her, plowing into her tight wet cunt with ball
busting enthusiasm, grabbed both her huge tits in his hands so he could pull
painfully hard on them to slam his big cock into her with great savagery,
brutalizing her G-spot with psychotic joy.

     Melissa's body shuddered as she climaxed, her cream drizzling onto the
ground between her legs, a she~wolf marking her territory in the annuals of
slutdom.

     Soon Melissa was drinking down semen at both ends, ingesting the creamy
beverage with transcendent thirst.

     The pain, the sweet agony that twisted and turned into a ecstasy that put
drugs to shame, raced through Sara's rectum and into her large melons as her
chocolate runway was overrun by big sweaty dicks, causing her over sized jugs to
rub agonizingly against the rough bark she was rudely bent over.

     "Oh, God, rape me you evil bastards, hurt, make me show me I nothing but a
whore!" Sara demanded as she came, orgasmic power forcing her girl sauce to
explode in a vulgar geyser from her slut chasm.

     Sara's hair was grabbed from behind so that no only was she getting fucked
in the ass with greater vitality, but she was face to face with three large
cocks, just inches from her face.'

     Sara stuck her tongue out to taste them, the thick sausage was too far way,
tormenting and teasing her cruelly, just to see the joyful humiliation in her
eyes as she was made to beg for it like a common whore.

     Her reward was all three cock cumming in quick succession, hosing her face
down with man sauce, a mark for all the world to see, proving that Sara was
nothing more than cock worshipping cunt, a beauty born to have her lovely face
plastered with hot jizz.

     There was nothing in the universe other then the cock forcing it's way down
Mary's throat as far as the Mexican cunt could tell.

     Stuffing her face with mouth watering cock, Mary spasmed in a climax that
was so over powering she sucked his dick so hard she almost drowned in precum.

     Mary gobbled the salty fluid hastily, hungry for the next mouth full of
jizztastic precream, gently squeezing his hairy nut sack in the hopes of more
precum bathing her taste bud.

     The paramilitary man eating her snatch bite down hard on Mary's clit as he
came, flooding her mouth with his ambrosia like sperm, making Mary cum wildly,
her legs flailing in the air about the soldier's head.

     His cannon fired and Mary's mouth filled with hot jizz. The spunk trickled
down into her hair.

     True to his word, the paramilitary man was fucking Clara's tight cunt with
the passion of a wild boar.

     The sexy village slut had been in shock at first, when her cherry had been
stolen from her, but the feeling of his cock filling her up inside, rubbing up
against her G-spot, and his callous thumb teasing her clit roughly, was now
making the pretty tart cum like a bitch in heat.

     Girl cum dripped down his cock in rivers, over his nuts to fall into the
dirt. "I'm going to make you lick that up bitch, and your going to like it."

     The paramilitary man moved around so Clara could like her own cum out of
the dirt, which she did with surprising enthusiasm.

     Her reward for such obscene behaviour was her slut channel being filled to
over flowing by a torrent of man sauce. To top it all off he made the pretty
lass lick his dick clean.

     Dr. Lopez groaned vulgarly as her lower holes were violated by the biggest
cocks she'd ever seen.

     To add to Dr. Lopez's sense of humiliation a third paramilitary man stood
before her and parted his ass cheek, so the Dr. Lopez was staring eye to eye
with his asshole. As if by instinct Dr. Lopez stuck her tongue out and shoved it
into his brown chute, sending excited shivers down her spine.

     Dr. Lopez grabbed his big dick with one hand and kept herself off the
ground with the other.

     Doctor Lopez started cumming, a shrieking climax that she channelled into
jerking off the man who's ass she was licking, till he blew his salty load all
over Clara's pretty face.

     Watching Clara being made to lick what ever cum had missed her face off the
ground was enough to finish the guys fucking Dr. Lopez, who gave the cock
starved doctor a healthy dose of jizz, leaving both holes cream filled.

     A mixture of jizz and slut milk dribbled out of Gabriel's hot pussy as she
lick her sperm and her own cunt cream off of the soldier boots fervently. Every
time she stopped licking his boots clean, the brach smacked meatily into her
twat.

     More and more Gabriel took a break from licking the soldier's boots, not
because she wasn't getting off on the humiliation, but because she felt a
growing hunger for the bite of the branch.

     It was getting to the point that every time the branch cracked agonizingly
into her young pussy, she came, each time the climax was stronger, a growing
maelstrom of lust and madness that threaten her very sanity.

     It was disorienting to Gabriel to all of a sudden be pushed onto her back
and the faces of two horny soldier getting all, but embedded into her soft tit
flesh.

     It was even better than having her cunt whipped and Gabriel purred as her
heavenly huge jugs were desecrated by hungry mouths and greedy hands.

     Gabriel found herself sucked into an overpowering whirlwind of a titgasm
that was so intense it pushed her to the very border of unconsciousness.

     Her cunt wasn't left alone though, not by any stretch of the imagination.
The bastard who'd stole her virginity grabbed her pubic hair in his hands and
pour hot wax over her pubic hair, and pulled it off when it had cooled enough,
taking the hair with it.

     The pain was undescribable, but agony in her eyes and the way she started
cumming, said more than words every could.

     The beautiful blond, Kimberly, was having her big tits fuck hard and fast.
The French Canadian student had no idea titgasms existed, until she was awash in
one, drowning in such pleasure that she was barely aware of the creamy explosion
the left her huge jugs covered in cum.

     Commander Antonio wiped his big dick clean in the Canadian bitch's hair,
the exchange student licking his sweaty testicles at the same time.

     Commander Antonio pulled the young slut by her hair, till she was face to
face with Gabriel. Commander Antonio pressed the two busty students together,
their huge knockers rubbing against one another erotically.

     Commander Antonio pulled a flask from his belt and pour the body oil in it
onto all four enormous tits.

     Kimberly and Gabriel took the hint and started kissing and tit fucking.

     Kimberly had to admit, she had always had a thing for Gabriel, ever since
she'd arrived in the village, just four months earlier, but Gabriel had alway
been the good girl of the bunch. Kimberly was getting off on seeing good girl
Gabriel being made into a slutty whore.

     Kimberly was even more surprised when Gabriel's fingers found their way
into Kimberly's dripping snatch. Good girl Gabriel was turning into a lust crazy
fiend hungry for Kimberly.

     Kimberly moaned lowly as Gabriel dove into her huge tits, feasting on
Kimberly's jugs with the frantic madness of years of suppressed sexual desire
unleashed.

     Gabriel pushed Kimberly onto her back, grabbed a stick and shoved it up her
own cunt, before pouncing on Kimberly with a raw animal cry of desire. Gabriel's
makeshift cock slammed into Kimberly with brute force, bring tears to Kimberly's
eyes, though the blond Canuck welcomed the utter violation of her tight young
cunt.

     All of existence stopped for the Gabriel and Kimberly, all that was left
was two bodies writhing against each other in a mad race to fuck themselves into
oblivion.

     The sight of Gabriel's big tits pressed against Kimberly's equally endowed
jugs over a divine valley too tempting to resist. One of them paramilitary men
pulled his big dick out and shoved it in that most enchanting of valley, between
four mountainous hooters that smothered his cock with godlike tit flesh.

     So caught of up their own fuck feast of a world, the two ladies failed to
realize or care that there was anyone attached to the beloved cock, they just
continued fucking both the cock and one another.                                

     As Gabriel screamed from an titgasm that burned through her nervous system
like a forest fire, someone took advantage of her open mouth to shove his big
dick in there. Driven by shear nympho instinct, Gabriel sucking and slurped on
his cock like the Beethoven of cock sucking.

     Kimberly found her face submerged between the hairy ass cheeks of the
paramilitary man who cock was now sheathed between her and Gabriel's massive
mammaries. With Kimberly's long tongue tasting his shit chute, the man blew his
load in a gooey climax that left all four huge hooters soak to the bone with
creamy cum.

     Seeing the hosing the ladies beautiful jugs received inspire the
paramilitary who cock was fucking Gabriel's face to pull back just enough to
give Gabriel a mouth full of man chowder.

     Instead of swallowing it or spitting it, Gabriel decided to show everyone
what a slut they'd turned her into by gargling the spermtastic mouthwash.

     The Mayor finished off the orgy of rape and wanton lesbianism by dosing
Marie's tonsil's with 100 percent fresh sucked man juice.

     "Get the nipple piercing and bar coding equipment from the car, Commander
Antonio your in charge of seeing that the ladies are tagged and ready to be
shipped to the farm within the hour, I'm due back in Mexico City so I'll leave
you to it." The Mayor ordered, before leaving in one of the jeeps.




                     Chapter 6: "The Farm"

                               

                               

     "Hi Alex, I'm Crystal Gandhi, though everyone calls me Crystal the tour
slut, but you can call me the big tits, cunt, whore, cum slut, cock sucking
bitch, the ho with my cock in her ass or what ever pleases you sir."

     Alex looked over the ravishing young East Indian woman who'd just
introduced herself. She was dressed up as a tour guide alright, with her hair
done up in a 50's stile hair due and a professional short skirt with
accompanying suit jacket which was buttoned up only at the bottom so that her
huge 42FF cup tits were left exposed to Alex's lust filled gaze.

     "Lead on slave bitch" Alex order, deciding that he'd better start the tour
asap before her skipped to fuck his guide instead. "I'll save that for the end"
Alex muttered quietly to himself.

     "As you wish master, where would you like to start first? the haunted crypt
is nearby, but the Zoo is almost as close and it offers refreshments" Crystal
asked, submissively.

     Alex grinned. "The haunted crypt of course" he replied, thinking back to
his childhood and the elaborate haunted house his neighbours always put on for
Halloween.

     "Fallow me master, please" Crystal requested leading him on.


     "It's just inside here master"Crystal told him leading him into a cathedral
like stone building.

     The one room building was musty enough for authenticity, but not enough to
choke anyone, with cobwebs in every corner.

     Three large breasted women, with tits as big as Crystals were manacled to
the far wall and three mummy's with cocks so hard the looked like they were
carved from obsidian.

     The first one was a dressed as a vampiress, including fangs and fake blood
dripping down the corners of her mouth, long blond hair in a pig tails, a nearly
transparent baby dolls covering a body that was to die for.

     The next was a young black woman dressed as a mummy, with a slit cut in at
every orifice. The only part of her that wasn't bandaged was her huge tits which
were let bare.

     Lastly was gorgeous young woman, dress as a she devil, with horns and red
skin and an animatronic tail that twitch. Looking closer Alex could see that the
tail had a dildo on one end which was shoved up the slave's asshole to make it
look more real.

     "Master, would you like to fuck one of these slaves or would you rather
have them put on a show for you?" Crystal inquired as she unlocked.

     As Alex considered his choices, the mummy, who's eyes were covered by
bandages, walked around getting the feeling back into her limbs. Crystal walked
right in front of her.

     "Crystal you fucking bitch, I'd recognize those big tits anywhere!" the
mummy growled as the two massive sets of tits collided with a meaty thwack.

     The mummy turned the walk in around her, but the she-devil and vampiress
moved in on either side, so the mummy's huge jugs found themselves smacking
loudly against the she-devil's gigantic jugs.

     "Sandy you lesbian slut, fuck off!" swore the mummy before turning around
to walk straight into the over sized melons of the vampiress with a slapping
sound that was down right vulgar.

     "One of these days I'm going to strangle you all with these fucking
bandages!" wailed the pissed off mummy.

     "It's still early in the tour, so I'll go with the show" Alex offered
amused by the slaves antics.

     The three crypt slaves went to their respective slabs. Each lady positioned
herself over a mummified cock, before impaling themselves on some dead cock.

     The three slut fucking the dead men had to be the grossest thing Alex had
ever seen and he thanked his stars they mummified, but the sight of their big
tits bouncing as they took the hands of the mummies and place them onto their
well endowed tits as hypnotic.

     The sound the three sluts made as they came to a souls shrieking climax had
to be enough to wake the dead.

     They each pulled themselves off so as not to break the cock they'd been
riding and switched mummies, kneeling before them and each one taking one of the
mummified cocks into their hungry wet mouth.

     Alex stomach rolled as their cheeks became bloated with 1000 year old
sperm, which dripped in a greenish white mess down the corner of their mouths.

     Finished they lined up before Alex.

     Crystal handed Alex a riding crop and made a suggestion. "Maybe master you
should punish them for every drop spilled down their chins."

     All three glared at Crystal, thought the mummy glared in the wrong
direction.

     Alex resolved to do as she suggested, but concluded the she too needed to
be punished, she was just too smug, gloating over her fellow slaves.

     "All right, but for being a bitch your going join them in their punishment,
after you lick the cum off their chins of course."

     Crystal stared at the gooey greenish white sperm and looked definitely
queasy, but she obeyed.

     She first lapped it off of the she-devil's chin, grabbing here upset
stomach as she did so, next turning to the mummy to lick the greenish jizz off
her bandages, and finishing off licking it off the vampiress' face, realizing to
her additional disgust that the blood on her chin was real.

     All four ladies assumed the position, on their parted knees, hands behind
their head, big jugs out to tempt the riding crop in Alex's hands.

     Alex expected Crystal to yelp in pain as the riding crop was brought down
hard on her nipple, her dark brown tits bouncing in response, but she gasped and
then purred instead, the look of anticipation in her eyes telling him how much
she looked the pain.

     "Harder please master, hurt me, make me scream" Crystal begged with an
insane fervour about her.

     Alex brought the riding crop down towards her nipples again, but at the
last moments changed directions, snapping it into her tight cunt with a vulgar
thwap.

     For the last two cracks of the riding crop he had Crystal hold her buttock
open so he could bring the riding crop down on her sphincter.

     The pain was enough to make Crystal cum, the poor slave awash in sexual
bliss.

     Alex then moved onto the next slave, the blond vampiress in the baby doll
and pig tail. He yank up her baby doll, exposing her big tits to the air so he
could whip every square inch of her soft tit flesh with precision, bringing her
to tear, as she cum quietly from the pain, the only sign her tits and face going
a little flush.

     Alex wasn't satisfied with that so he grabbed her by her pig tail and used
them for steering as he forced her to suck him big cock, carefully avoiding her
fangs.

     The beautiful vampiress pressed her soft tit flesh against his legs, as he
brutally fucked her face, staking her throat with his cock.

     He pulled out in the nick of time to coat the young vampiress's face with
something other then fake blood.

     The mummy was next, Alex focussed on her puffy nipples with his riding
crop, until her realized that when her snapped the crop hard into her dripping
wet cunt, it made the most delightfully degrading sound he'd ever heard.

     The humiliated and defeated look in her eyes spurred him on to greater
heights if cruelty, till she creamed on his riding crop, her scream of climatic
orgasmality muffled by the bandages over her mouth, though her point of ecstasy
that bordered on agony was more the clear.

     To top it off, he stuck his mighty dick between her huge jugs, fucking her
tits till they both creamed with a gooey explosion that left them both soaking
with sweat.

     Them bandages over her cunt were soaked with pussy cream till it dripped
onto the floor, but the real mess was all the awe inspiring cum with which her
magnificent tits were sprayed with.

     Lastly, Alex turned to the she devil. Instead of whipping her, he took her
pointy tail and shoved it up her ass, buggering her with it in the most
demeaning of fashions.

     Alex forced some fingers into her cunt while he did this, adding more over
time, till he was fisting her with one hand, and violating her own bum with her
tail, with his other hand.

     The pain on her face was obvious, but she was a tough bitch and refused to
cry, instead begging for more from her master.

     She clawed the cold concrete floor as she climax, orgasmic energy racing
along her nerves a wild fire out of control.

      The She-devil was made to clean his cock off, before all three crypt
slaves were forced to put the tombs back in order and were chained back up.

     To add to his cruelty, he made crystal put a knot in their chains so they
were left hanging painfully an inch over the floor.

     "I'm famished, you said there was food at the Zoo?" he asked, watching
Crystal the tour sluts ass as she guided him out of the crypt and onward to the
Zoo.

     

        When they got there, four other men were there gang banging a slave done
up as a tiger, with her whole body painted in black and orange strips and her
short hair was dyed to match.

     "That's Amber Carson, she's a legend around here, she used to be a rich
bitch, virgin, until the pressures of her life became to much, what with her
father having been accused of embezzling millions from his workers pensions, and
she snapped, she ended up paying to became a sex slave"

     They watched as the rich bitch deepthroated a massive cock with ease as she
took it up the ass and cunt. Next another client of the farm wrapped the Amber's
huge 38FF cup tits around his cock, her perky tiger painted melons around a real
monster of a cock.

     Amber's hands went to the hairy sacks of the men fucking her mouth and her
flawless tits, fondling with an expertise that spoke of what a cum slut she was
at heart.

     "I'd have thought the body paint would have rubbed off by now?" Alex asked
his guide.

     "It isn't body paint, the Mayor had her body tattooed, just like the
vampiress had her fangs implanted permanently" Crystal explained, unable to take
her eyes off the stunningly vulgar sene before them.  

     A shudder moved through Amber like a herd of elephants , the physical
manifestation of climax the ripped her from the heights of sanity to the deepest
depths of debauchery.

     In response Amber found herself on the receiving end of a barrage of cum
shooting action.

Cum trickled down her chin as she deftly swallowed the rest, her cunt, asshole,
and tits not escaping the most vulgar of baptisms either. This triggered another
orgasmic dance with the abyss.

     Amber, like any good addict, refused to allow her supply to be cut. She
used various muscles through out her body to cut off the flow of blood away from
the cocks inside her and continued fucking and sucking with the ferocity and
passion of the beast that she was decorated as.

     Salty jizz and reason stealing orgasms that wrecked the body like
supernovas flowed like water, till one could barely see Amber's lovely tiger
stripped skin for all the sperm caked on it.

     Finally one of the tigress' handlers brought out a big fire hose and
unleashed it knocking the cock crazed bitch on her ass and half across the room,
allowing utterly drain man to stagger and crawl out of the building and to
safety.

     Once the tigress got her bearings back, she fought against the rushing
water, moving closer inch by inch, her eyes never leaving her handler's crotch
for a second.

     Crystal all, but dragged Alex out of the building, for his own safety. "I
should have warned you, the ladies in the zoo aren't really sane anymore, but
calling them a world class fuck would be an understatement."

     Crystal was about to suggest an alternative destination when a scream,
sounding an awful lot like the handler, cut through the air like a bloody
scalpel.

     A crazed looking Amber burst from the building and searched the area for
the nearest cock with predatory look in her eyes the put most rapists to shame.

     She went after a poor plumber fixing a fountain. He never saw her coming.

     Before even Alex could react, she'd bowled over the plumber onto his back
and ripping down his jeans with strength born of utter madness.

     She had his cock buried to the hilt in her wet, but shockingly tight cunt,
her big tits bouncing gloriously, the magnificent orbs a gift from the Gods.

     Alex sent Crystal to get help, as he gaged how best to rescue the plumber.

     The plumber had the happiest look in his eyes as her grabbed onto the
sweetest knockers he'd ever even imagined, their velvety feel like the embrace
of a Goddess as stuffed his face between the awe inspiring jugs.

     The plumber was more than happy to worship at Amber beautiful planetoids,
her flawless jugs the stuff sex cults were made from, but he became a little bit
scared as she kept him fucking even after he'd dumped his second load into her,
something he'd never imagined he was even capable of.

     By the sixth creamy load, he was in a puddle of his own sperm, which had
leaked out from her cunt, and her own girl juice, and was so woozy he fell
unconscious.

     Alex, who'd had a plan for awhile now, but had waited till the plumber had
his fill, jumped him front of Amber, using his own huge man meat as bait for the
slutty tigress.

     Amber was a blur as she bounced off the plumber's cock and engulfed Alex
hard cock with her soft tits, knocking him down in the process.

     Amber scooped handfuls of pussy cream from her cunt and dumped them onto
her ample chest as Alex grabbed her divine hooters, and slid into nirvana,
fucking her tits for the all the slutty bitch was worth. 

     Alex resisted cumming for an ungodly length of time, sweat dripping in
rivers down his handsome face, till she broke him and was hosed down with his
unholy seed.

     Amber wrapped her fingers around the base of his cock, not allowing the
blood to escape, and kept her fingers there as she forced Alex to continued
fucking her chest, till he could keep hard on his own.

     This time it was Amber turn to cum, an titgasm that started in her
mountainous tits and spread through her body light a series of lighting bolts.

     It was then that three small darts thudded into her lovely melons. Amber
growled menacingly, before collapsing onto the ground.

     As Alex looked down on her sleeping quietly, she looked so sweet and
innocent, that it was like he'd gotten a look at the girl she'd been before her
big tits and hot cunt had consumed her sanity with lust. He liked her better as
a raving slut he decided.

     As Crystal walked up beside him, there was tears in her eyes. "The
handler's dead, she fucked him till a blood vessel in his cock exploded, he died
of internal bleeding."

     "that's the seventh handler they've lost this year and that not even one of
the dangerous attractions" Crystal added.

     "I'll take you to the dairy barn, it's safe and there's plenty to drink"
Crystal, gently moving Alex away as other handlers carried Amber back to her
cage to sleep the tranquillisers off.


     This was a dairy like no other. A dozen stalls and a big titted young woman
in every stall. "Fuck, it's like I'm in a theme park for perverts" Alex utter in
amazement.

     This line of thinking was curtailed as he came across his sister Lana,
sucking off twin black men in stylish suits.

     They'd just come at the end, because the two men pulled there respective
cocks from his sister's mouth to hose her lovely cheeks with a heavy layer of
steaming man chowder.

     The creamy concoction dripped down her face to splatter messily on her
gigantic milk melons, anointing her as a sexy young tart.

     It was only after the twins went to look for another sweet young beauty to
defile, that Lana noticed her brother, staring at her on all fours, her big tits
hanging there naked but for the suction cups on them, the cum on her face
exposing her for the craven slut she'd become.

     "Al..." Lana started, before her brother stuffed his big dick into her
mouth to shut her up. Alex gasped as his sister's skilled mouth went to work on
him, engulfing his cock down her throat.

     Lana grinned around the big cock savagely violating her captivating face,
her brother's musky balls sending a thrill through the school girl's body as
they slapped loudly against her chin.

     Crystal looked on excitedly, before Alex gave the tour slut the go ahead to
eat Lana's fragrant snatch.

     Lana had never gotten it on with another girl before, but when Crystal
rubbed her enormous melons against Lana's bald mound, Lana screamed out a
lesbian induced orgasm of such potency around Alex's cock, the vibrations drove
him to feed his stunning sister all the tasty hot cum she could want.

     Crystal didn't relent, bringing climax after climax out of the poor girl
till, tears of depravity pooled in the corners of her eyes, making her already
pretty eyes glitter like jewels, using only her massive hooters.

     Meanwhile, Alex was using his sperm to write a message on her sister's
face, while Crystal was busy violating her cunt.

     He slipped a small mirror out of his pocket, Lana took the hint and waited
until Crystal had grabbed Alex an ice cream made from Lana's own tit milk,
before dragging him away to the next sight as if she was his girlfriend, instead
of a slut who's job it was to satisfy his every debased desire.

     Lana picked up the mirror and read her brother's message. Luckily he'd been
smart enough to write it backwards so it was easy to read. Tell no one were
related, I'm here to rescued you, but it'll take time, try to hold on, love
Alex.


     "I'd rather die than rape my partner!" growled a defiant FBI agent, who
stood naked before the Mayor.

     "That my friend is twenty CC of my own enhanced up version of viagra" the
Mayor rejoined, pointing to the Ivy drip, attracted straight to his dick.

     "You mother fuckers think you can come into my country and take me down,
well fuck you, I knew months in advance of your plans, I own the fucking head of
the FBI for fucksakes" growled the pissed off Mayor.

     The Mayor left him to stew on that, while he went to get the man partner.

     By the time his partner was pushed into the room the bag was empty and
there was an aching in his balls like he'd never dreamed of.

     He looked over at his partner and fought against the on coming erection.
Her short red hair was brushed back and fluffed up, her huge 38FF cup tits were
barely being held back by a crisp thin white blouse, her jeans were black, and
she wore a cowboy tie around her neck.

     "Jack what the hell have they done to you?" Agent Lisa Solomon asked
staring at the tortured sight of her friend and fellow agent.

     Jack failed to answers as Lisa unshackled him, he just stared at her big
tits and grew hard as a rock.

     When he was freed, an evil glint entered his eyes. He'd tried to resist the
drugs in his system, honestly he had, they were just too strong for him, it was
the Mayor fault that he was going to rape his partner of two years, defile her
in the most degrading manner he could imagine, he decided firmly.

     Jack Tanner, an honoured and honest FBI agent of 40 years, with medals and
a distinguished history to go with them, grabbed the front of his loyal
partner's crisp white blouse with his two withered, still strong hands and
ripped her blouse open, sending buttons flying everywhere.

     The best set of tits on the force was now only contained by a simply white
bra, the shocked and disbelieving look on his partner's face worth her tits
weight in gold.

     He back handed the sexy red head just hard enough that she fell onto the
cold metal table behind her.

     "Bitch, you've cock teasing every man in the FBI, now it's pay back you
fucking cunt" Jack roared as he flipped her over, ripped her bra off in the
process.

     Lisa found her pants and panties around her ankles, before Jack pushed her
back onto the table, her big jugs pressed up against the unforgiving cold of the
metal table.

     "Looks like you're a real red head after all, I guess I win the office pool
after all" Jack crowed as he rubbed his big dick against agent Solomon's young
cunt, getting her nice and wet against her will.

     At twenty years old poor Agent Lisa Solomon was still a virgin, just as her
Rabbi father had asked her to be until she married.


     Jack knew this, teasing her pretty cunt, till her juices flowed down her
legs, to pool on the floor, and fear filled her eyes along with unshed tears.

     "Please Jack, we've been friends for years, don't do...aweeeee" Lisa
screamed as Jack smacked her ass hard, shutting her up.

     "Bitch, beg me to pop that cherry of yours, or I'll fist you in the ass!"
Jack threatened, savouring the fear and humiliation of his partner as if it was
the sweetest of wines.

     "Please Jack, please shove that big juicy dick of yours into my virgin
cunt, rape me with that huge cock of yours, fuck me till I cum, teach me the
price for bring a cock teasing slut!" Agent Lisa Solomon screamed out, terrified
of getting his fist up her ass, though to her surprise begging for it put
excited butterflies in her stomach, as if on some level she got off on the
sexual humiliation.

     As Jack slid home into the tightest, wettest, hottest, and most heavenly
cunt he'd ever had in 60 years of life, Lisa's big tits made a rude squeaking
sound as they rubbed against the cold metal in a most painful manner.

     Lisa's screams got louder and nastier as he fucked her harder, the pitch
getting higher and more vulgar as he raped her faster.

     The beautiful young agent's vocal cords strained as she came,
uncharacteristically begging to be fucked even harder. As the orgasmic explosion
consumed her, the normal conservative agent was pleading for cock like cheap
whore she really was deep down inside.

     All that existed at that eternal moment in time for the dirty slut, was
hard cock and the warm enrapture of extreme sexual humiliation.

     They came in unison, her cunt cream mixing with his jizz to make a pungent
fluid the pored down her legs and onto the floor.

     Jack flipped Agent Solomon over onto her back in such a way the her head
was over the edge of the table.

     He then pulled her head back so he could forced his enormous cock down her
ever so tight throat. Lisa gagged on it at first, but grew accustomed the giant
violating her breathing passages, greedy for more cock.

     Jack grabbed a swish they'd tortured him with earlier and began thrashing
his hot partner's young cunt, driving her on to suck him off harder.

     Jack tossed the swish aside and grabbed onto Lisa's flawless jugs with a
agonizing iron grip, as he came down the fucking cunts throat.

     Jack pulled her off the metal table, her shredded white blouse still
tangled up to the point where she could free her wrists from behind her back.,
and forced her tits forward onto the clod rough cement.

     Jack moved the dog bowl from the corner of the room and place it before
Agent Lisa Solomon, before making her drink from it.

     Lisa's stomach churned in knots as she realized it was dog food she was
eating, but any thoughts of resisting were driven from her mind as Jack shoved
his fist up her ass.

     Her screams only made him crueler as fucked her ass with his fist, while
she eat the dog food between screams.

     Lisa to her amazement creamed all over Jack fist proving to Jack that his
partner was never really anything, but a cum slut built to fucked.

     Agent Solomon huge melons scrapped painful against rough concrete, the
agony of it becoming a duet of suffering with her pain in her asshole.

     Lisa licked the bowl clean before Jack relented and pulled his fist out of
her ass, which bounced back to normal size.

     Some had slipped a pair of huge mouse traps under the door. Seeing them,
Jack knew exactly what they were for.

     Jack made Lisa crawl on her knees to the two mouse traps. "Please Jack
don't do it, don't put my tits in those things!" Lisa beseeched as she fingered
out what the traps were for.

     "Alright, I won't, you will, and only after you ask for the privilege" Jack
offered maliciously.

     Looking into her partner's eyes, Lisa knew she'd find no mercy there.
"Please master, let me thrust my huge tits into the big mouse traps, a hot wet
pain slut like me need to be tortured!" Lisa requested, surprised by the craving
in her own voice and the tinge in her tight cunt.

     "Go ahead bitch, show your master what pain slut you really are" Jack
command, his cock stiffening just thinking about the agony and humiliation his
gorgeous partner was going to go through.

     The FBI agent lowered her massive melons every so slowly towards the mouse
traps, both Lisa and Jack savouring her fear and complete degradation.

     With loud snap, the traps sprung, biting into her sensitive tit flesh with
such force that the pain slut cream just from the excruciating pain, orgasmic
ecstasy combining with the agony to form a titgasm that swallowed Agent Lisa
Solomon whole.

     Jack walked in front of his fellow FBI agent and pulled sharply on her
hair. "Bitch if you every want those traps of your big tits I suggest to tell me
how much your dying to drink my piss."

     "Please master, on behalf of every fellow FBI agent I left with blue balls,
piss in my face the way I deserve, the way every agent should get to do" Lisa
offered, meaning every word having been consumed my body, mind, and soul by her
own growing depraved needs.

     Jack aim his cock at Lisa's wide open mouth and unleashed his yellow fury.
Agent Lisa Solomon's mouth filled quickly with piss, till it was overflowing,
down her chin and over her huge tits like a golden mountain river.

     Driven by her desire to please her master, Lisa gargled his urine, before
swallowing the yellow ambrosia.

     Jack finally empty her bladder in the hot red head's face, so he pulled the
traps off her tits, not wanting such beautiful jugs to be marred.

     "Please master, fuck my massive tits, you'll loved the warm pleasurable
feeling of having my grade A hooters hugging you big tasty cock" Agent Lisa
Solomon offered, no longer needing prompting to seek out sexual humiliation.

    

     The Mayor, Ralph, and Fargo watched FBI Agent Jack Tanner fucking the
positively massive jugs of his fellow FBI agent, Lisa Solomon.

     "When should we tell Jack that the Ivy drip attached to his dick was fill
with water?" Fargo asked the Mayor, just dying to see the look on Jack face when
he was told.

     "After we tell him that we've sent copies of the tape to their family,
friends, and former employer" the Mayor answered.

     "Now that he's had his first taste of what's like to rape beautiful woman
with huge tits he'll make a great addition to your team of slave catchers Ralph"
the Mayor added, taking sip of his strong black coffee, watching Jack blow what
looked like a galleon of jizz on his former partner ample chest.




                   Chapter 7: The Mayor's Ark

                               

     Heidi's huge knockers were being measured by a dirty old man. "We've got to
keep records of all your measurements you understand" the perverted clerk
explained as he left the measuring tape around Heidi's majestic jugs, so he cock
push a ruler down into her cleavage to measure the depth.

     He left the ruler there, undoubtedly enjoying the embarrassment of the
beautiful young woman at his mercy.

     He forced a special rounded ruler up Heidi's snatch and another up her
brown chute, making Heidi gasp.

     "Now for the final, and my person favourite, test" the dirty old man told
Heidi, pulling the ruler from her big melons and gently pushing Heidi to the
floor.

     The dirty old man grabbed the back of Heidi's head and forced his dick into
her mouth. Heidi obediently started sucking on it.

     Before he came, her switched position and stuck his cock up her ass, fucked
it for awhile, then moved on to another position.

     He did this to every hole, in several different positions, finishing up by
having Heidi tit wank him to a creamy finish on her face.

     "Go into the next room for you assignment" the dirty old clerk ordered
Heidi, before writing her information down in his ledger.

     Cum drying on her face, Heidi did as she was told. The man in that room
greeted her by squeezing her big tits. "More tests?" Heidi asked curiously.

     "No, I just wanted to feel you up, get used to it, from now on no is not a
part of your vocabulary, you exist as a fuck slave now" he explained.

     Returning to his seat he began to ask his questions. "So you were trained
as a Vet?"

     "Yes, I graduated early in fact" Heidi replied proudly. She answered all
his over questions too, mostly testing her knowledge of animals and biology.

     "Come with me, your going to be assigned to the Mayor's Ark."


     Heidi had never seen anything so fucked up in her life. There was two dozen
animals in the spacious building and every one of them was a freak of nature,
creations of the Mayor's labs.

     To Heidi's left their was a Gorilla with two huge cocks and to her right
was a horse with bristle all along its cock.

     "It'll be your job to run the Ark, your to harvest the jizz from them at
specified times and it is your job use them to sexual exploit the young women
put into your care, understand your duties cunt?" the man assigning Heidi the
task asked.

     Heidi just nodded and the man left her to it.

     In her line of work as a Vet Heidi had to jerk off a few animals for
medical reasons before, but nothing like this.

     Heidi put on the lab coat the man left for her, a lab coat with out buttons
that was designed to leave her tits and cunt exposed.

     It was then that three women entered the Ark. Two looked a little like
sisters, one blond, the other brunette, both hippies.

     Third was a pretty black woman with a huge Afro and dressed as if she was
going to a disco.

     "I guess it's time for introductions, I'm Heidi and I'm head slave here
apparently"Heidi offered, waiting for a response.

     "I'm the American Ambassador's daughter and this blond beside me is the
daughter of Senator Franklin Cross, the lovely black lady beside me is the
daughter of the Canadian Ambassador" The brunette hippy offered, taking charge.

     "I can speak for myself thank you very much, now to get down to business,
why the hell were we taken from the retro party at the Yucatan Club?" the lovely
black woman inquired after giving the brunette shit.

     "Such great manners for an Ambassador's daughter, if my dad found me
embarrassing hin like that he'd tan my ass" the brunette retorted.

     "I'd bet you'd like that Janet" countered the ebony beauty.

     "Would I ever...er...I mean never that's gross! Why are you always such a
bitch Holly!"

     "Because your dad grabs my tits when no ones looking!"

     Heidi cleared her throat killing the argument. "Trust me my dears, we've
got a lot more to worry about than who's groping who in who's embassy, your fuck
slaves now" Heidi explained.

     "The hell you say!" gasped the blond hippy sarcastically. "And I thought
the diamond pierced nipples and the fucking bar code on my hand was my way of
getting back into this freak show in case I left for a smoke" the blond added.

     "Look I sympathize with you girls, I'm a slave too, but for now were going
to have to do as were told" Heidi offered softly, trying to calm the girls down.

     "So what are we supposed to do here anyway?" Holly asked, nervously eying
the ugliest fucking thing she'd ever seen, a beast the looked like an giant
octopus with a horse's cock and a human face that resembled her own on top of
it's bulbous head.

     "That's just the horsopus' enhanced camouflage ability" Heidi explained as
Holly shook off her look of horror at seeing her own face on the beast.

      "As to why you're here, you are to take on of these poor creatures and
give it the fuck of its pathetic life time" Heidi explained.

     The canopy of denials was to be expected, but Heidi had been hoping they do
as they were told, considering she had orders to torture them on stage if they
tried to resist.

     "Look I'll go first, it isn't so bad" Heidi proposed, hoping in vain to
calm them. Heidi hit a red button and the wall to her left, the wall without
stalls, disappeared, replaced by glass, showing a large audience eagerly
awaiting the defilement of the women chosen.

     Heidi had already decided on the doubled cock ape which obediently followed
her commands.

     Heidi tossed her lab coat aside and got on her hands and knees, looked out
into the eyes of the crowd and gave the order they'd been waiting for.

     The Ape pressed its upper cock at her ass, while its lower friend aimed at
her wet cunt. Heidi's big tits weren't to be spared as the ape's hands grabbed
the soft flesh cruelly, using his grip the slammed his beef into the red heads
lower holes.

     Heidi was getting off on this more than she'd like to admit, the
humiliation of being forced to fuck an animal drove her to beg for more, showing
the audience that she was a slut that thrived on humiliation.

     Heidi sounded more like an ape than the beast fucking her, shrieking like
an orangutang , her big jugs swaying as the ape smacked her ass with one hand
and squeezed her clit painfully with the other.

     A climax, burned through her flesh, a white hot fuck fire that least her
pleading for more, a cum junky of the highest order.

     The beasts own cum joined Heidi's, spilling down the hot Vet's legs in a
vulgar display of conquest.

     Heidi was about to get up to assure the girls in her care that it wasn't so
bad, but the ape wasn't finish, it started buggering her again this time forcing
both cocks up her elastic bum.

     Heidi wailed at this unprovoked use of her backside and no amount of
commands would distract the ape from his bitch.

     Knowing that she was no longer in control, that she was going to be used by
this beast as it wanted, the creature's toy, triggered an assgasm that dwarfed
her last climax as improbable as it seemed to Heidi.

     Heidi's ass was like a damn bursting as the ape creaming again, sperm
exploding from her asshole, blowing the ape's cocks out like a pair massive
corks.

     It was a feat of pure will that Heidi got up again.

     "Now...now it's your turn, pick one the beasts" Heidi ordered, trying to
regain her balance, holding onto the apes shoulder for support.

     It was then that Janet made a dash for it. Heidi didn't have to give the
ape the order to catch her, it already was gone before Heidi could register it
was gone, leaving her to fall on her ass.

     Janet was brought back to Heidi kicking and screaming. The beautiful g18
year old girl had given Heidi no choice, but to punish her.

     Heidi was a submissive masochist, not a dominant sadist, but that was why
she was given the job. There was no better punishment for a submissive of
Heidi's type than to put her into charge of other's sexual abuse.

     Heidi looked at the beasts arrayed to her side and selected the electrified
leeches. The electrified leeches were a cross between a leech, an electrified
eel, a giant cock, or so Heidi gathered from its chart.

     Heidi pulled the tank with the electrified leeches out to ware the audience
could get a good look at Janet's torments.

     Heidi gave the ape it's orders and Heidi could have sworn there was human
like look an evil glee in its eyes as it went to its task.

     The evil ape pulled Janet's wrists behind her back, holding them there with
one hand, before pulling her tie dye t-shirt up to free two huge hooters, easily
38FF each, and shoved the resplendent mammaries into the tank.

     The two electrified leeches wrapped themselves around the pretty girls
jugs, squeezing them hard as they unleashed their volts into the tender flesh.

     As added torment, their sucker like mouths attached themselves to her
nipples, sucking out her milk instead of blood, the poison the put in her system
causing her to lactate rather then bleed.

     The diamond nipple studs didn't interfere with the electrified leeches, but
the seemed to double the pain in Janet's nipples.

     Janet screamed and wailed at the agony and struggled to be free of it, but
the ape held her tight.

     Weaken by the loss of milk, Janet gave into her inner pain slut and started
cumming, cunt cream staining her jeans, Making it look as if she had pissed
herself.

     Something squirted from the slit in the head of the electrified leeches and
the tank got all cloudy.

     The ape pulled Janet free of the tank, her knocker soaked with water and
electrified leech jizz.

     Janet's suffering was just beginning. The ape forced Janet to get onto her
back and to hold her legs spread up in the air.

     The ape then retrieved the electrified leeches from the tank and rammed one
up into Janet's tight cunt, ripping away the beautiful brunette's virginity
forever.

     Janet howled as her cherry was stolen painfully by the slimy bastard, but
that was nothing compared to the sound she made as the second electrified leech
was driven deeply into her anal corridor.

     Her shrieks of agony as electric pain coursed through her turned to pleas
for the ape to fuck her harder with wiggling buggers, the pain blending with
lust and humiliation to create a twisted sensation that mastered Janet heart and
soul.

     Janet's immense tits bounced from the pounding she was on the receiving end
of, hypnotic and arousing at once.

     Slut butter spilled onto the floor as Janet was hurled into an orgasm that
drove all thoughts that weren't of her defilement, leaving only her body, which
was afire, the electrified leeches, and the audience feasting on her
humiliation.

     Jizz flushed out Janet's cunt and ass, leaving the pretty tart panting on
the floor as the ape put the electrified leeches away.

     "Now pick an animal" Heidi demanded, feeling that her point was made,
especially since it left her cunt wet at the young woman's brutal rape and
defilement, exposed for all to see.

     Holly swallowed at the sight and turned to pick her beast. To Heidi's
surprise she picked the horsopus, a look of curiosity in her eyes.

     The blond, Ashley, picked the Porcocockodile with the cock sticking
straight out from the lower half of its back.

     Janet wasn't cognizant again yet, so Heidi decided to start with the other
two obedient slaves.

     Ashley was first, tossing her poncho, pants, and undergarments aside. The
pretty blond bit her lower lip slowly as she gently lowered herself onto the
cock, until it met her hymen.

     Ashley closed her eyes to muster up the courage to finish impaling herself
on the cock, Heidi demanded she open her eyes and look at the crowd as she
fucked the Porcocockodile.

     Ashley moaned as she did as she was bade, the unable to believe that after
waiting till she was 18 to lose her virginity to her boyfriend, they'd chosen
tomorrow for the deed, she was going to lose it stead to the Porcocockodile.     

     Ashley was riding the big green scaled cock in her, her big 42FF jugs
bouncing in a fashion that stole the water from the mouths of her spectators,
till Heidi came to the decision that the blond slut wasn't suffering enough.

     Heidi had the ape stuff his cocks up Ashley's lovely bum, pushing Ashley's
big jugs into the needles on the Porcocockodile's back.

     Seeing such a lovely girl contaminated in such a vile way had the audience
expressing their approval, applause resounding.

     At first Ashley cried out against the unbearable pain, then pleasure grow
from the pain and Ashley learned that the more it hurt and the more humiliating
it was, the better it felt.

     The newly formed pain slut started fucking like a manic on viagra. The
battle between agony and ecstasy, vivid in her eyes, bespoke of extreme
sensations that Ashley had never aspired to, yet now neatly filled a gap in her
life, inspiring the pretty young slut to ask for more.

     "Harder, make it hurt!" Ashley cried out the ape, not knowing whether or
not the ape understood, only caring about the two majestic cock pounding her
sweet ass like a smith's hammer to his anvil.

     A scream escaped her mouth, the result of an assgasm the left her weak in
the knees. The was just the first assgasm, the Ape had already cream and time to
flood her anal passage with jizz.

     Wanting add a bit of lesbianism to the show, not to mention sparring her
ear drums, Heidi shoved one of her great big tits into the girl's mouth it felt,
weird, the girl trying scream around Heidi's tit meat, while greedily sucking on
it at the same time.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Omega Phallic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





