BDSM Library - After The Concert




After The Concert
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two teens search for help after their car breaks down on a rainy night.  What they received wasn't very helpful.
After The Concert

Julia was having a hard time driving though the dark rainy night.  Out on the
dark road there were no street lights and the curves and turns were difficult to
see through the rain that was pounding on the windshield. It was late in the
evening and no other cars were on the road.  Carey, sitting in the passenger
seat,  fiddled with the radio and  talked incessantly about the concert the two
girls had just attended, what she was wearing next week, what boys were hot and
which were not; keeping up a constant chatter that Julia was only half listening
to.  It was getting late and Julia would be happy when the night was over and
she could climb into her bed, hopefully being able to sleep in late the next
morning.

Julia and Carey had been friends all through high school and now were probably
spending their last summer together.  Julia was going off to college in the fall
and Carey was going to stay in town and work for a year.  They has shared almost
everything the last four years, had taken vacations together, shared stories
about their boy friends and early sexual experiences, and stayed over  at each
other's house.   Julia was not looking forward to the separation but knew it was
part of life and that they had to move on.  Julia, a small attractive brunette
with black hair, pure white skin, and blue eyes, was the quiet introspective
girl of the two.  Carey was much more outgoing,   a voluptuous blonde who
attracted the boys with her out going flirtatious personality and hot body. 
They made a good pair of friends.

Carey finally tuned in a radio station that she seemed satisfied with and sat
back to listen to the music.  As Julia began to relax, the car's orange
dashboard lights suddenly went black and everything  went silent.  The car
seemed to be coasting and it took Julia several seconds to figure out that the
engine had gone dead.   She pushed on the gas pedal and nothing happened.  "What
the shit is going on?"  Carey asked as she sat up quickly.  Julia pulled the car
over to the side of the road and turned the key trying to restart the engine. 
The motor turned over but would not catch.  "I hate this damned car, I can't
believe I have to drive this piece of shit", she muttered.  As Carey looked on,
Julia kept trying to start up the car.  After several minutes, the motor refused
to even turn over and only could make a slow clicking noise.  Carey and Julia
looked at each other with worried faces as they were now stuck  somewhere out in
the woods without cell phones and without any transportation. 

"What do you want to do?" asked Julia,  "I just want to go home and pass out, I
cant believe this".  Carey said that they would just have to find a telephone or
something.  There were no cars to flag down and they weren't even sure where
they were.  They decided to try and find a house in the area or maybe could wave 
down a car with a cell phone if they got lucky.  If they could get to a phone,
they could call parents, a cab, a tow truck; something  to get them out of this
mess and get them home.


Julia locked the car and they started walking.  The rain had slowed to a drizzle
and everything was wet and dripping. The night had turned humid and sticky.  No
cars passed by and the girls walked single file down the rain soaked road,
looking for lights, cars, or driveways.  The area appeared to be mostly woods,
if any houses were present they were darkened and well off the road.  After
walking almost a mile, they spotted what looked to be a light sitting back
through   several trees and branches off the highway.  Julia and Carey, by now
soaked through from the rain,  walked up a long winding drive and saw a large
stone house with a light over the doorway.   Julia was really scared due to the
late hour and the possibility of running into guard  dogs running loose on the
property.	Carey sensed Julia's unease and grabbed her hand.  "Come on",
she said, "this is our only chance.  Let's bite the bullet and  get it over
with.   We just need to make a call and get out."  Carey and Julia walked up to
the door and rang the bell.

The girls heard the ringing bell which broke the stillness of the night.  After
several seconds the door was partially opened and a man peered out behind the
door.  Carey quickly explained that their car had broken down and that they
needed to use the phone to call their parents to get a ride.  The man opened the
door up wide as Carey explained the situation.  He didn't seem dressed for bed
and had apparently still been up when the girls rang the door bell.  He had dark
features and hair and  looked to be about 40,  and had an open friendly face and
a non-threatening manner.  After listening to Carey's story, he appeared to be
at ease and stood back from the door, telling the girls to come in.  "That's
really awful, and on a night like this.  Sure, you can use the phone, come on
in."   The girls entered a large room lit by only the glare of a television. 
The man appeared to have been alone when the girls rang.  He turned on a lamp
and told the girls to sit down and dry off for a minute.  The three exchanged
some banter, the man, who said his name was Watson, had been up watching
televison.    Julia and Carey told him about the concert and the car giving out
and their walk up to his house.  Watson was sympathetic and helpful and appeared
to be a safe individual who could hopefully be trusted.  After several minutes
of talk, Watson said he would get Julia and Carey something  warm to drink and 
said that the phone was upstairs. He  asked if Julia needed a phone book to call
a tow truck or cab.  Julia decided she would just call her parents and followed
Watson up the stairs to the room where the phone was located.


Watson opened a door in what appeared to be a bed room and clicked on the light. 
The room contained a bed and some assorted furniture.  The phone was next to the
bed on a table.  Watson pointed to the phone and told Julia to go ahead.  He
then left the room and closed the door so that Julia could have some privacy. 
Julia, still worried about the predicament she and Carey were in, sighed and sat
on the bed and picked up the phone to call her parents.  She put the receiver up
to ear but could not hear a dial tone.  "Shit!"  She clicked the phone off and
on several times but could still not get a connection.  She wondered  if the
phone was dead from the storm and got up to open the door.  The door handle
would not turn and it appeared to be stuck or locked.  "Damn it!"  She shook her
head and , after trying pulling on the door several times, cried out for Watson
to come up and open the door from the other side.  "Hello?  Can you  hear me?  I
think the door's stuck!  Watson....Carey....Im stuck!"  She heard nothing in
return and began to panic.  Suddenly, a door opposite the bed crashed open. 
Julia jumped as two figures ran through the doorway.  Both appeared to be men
wearing masks and dark clothing.  Julia screamed as the men rushed her and
grabbed her by her elbows.  It was happening so fast she could not even think. 
The men said nothing as one of them grabbed her from behind and pinned her arms
behind her.  The other man grabbed Julia's t-shirt by the neck and tore it open. 
The wet flimsy material  ripped from top to bottom and fell open, exposing the
bra underneath.  The man behind her pulled the t-shirt all the way off her
trembling  body and then threw her on the bed.  He held her shoulders down and
the second man pulled off her sandals and threw them to the floor.  He then
reached up and opened her belt and ripped open her jeans, tearing the zipper
open.  Pulling on the hem of her pants, he quickly pulled her jeans down off of
her body and threw them on the floor, leaving her only in a thin bra and an old
pair of off white  panties that she wore.  The panties were so old that the
shadow of her black pubic hair showed though. They then pulled her up, one man
on each side, and hustled her through the open door.  She still was in shock
over the quick turn of events and did not struggle, she was confused and only
kept asking "What are you doing, what's happening?" 

The two half pushed, half carried her to the top of a steps that led down into a
basement.   She stumbled down the steps as they led her by her arms.  They
quickly went through a dark damp stone hallway and came out into a windowless
dark room that was lit in one corner by an overhead spotlight.  Two ropes
dangled down from the beams of the ceiling as the two men dragged Julia over to
the light.  Each man held up one of Julia's arms and placed her thin wrists into
the cuffs at the end of the rope.   They tightened the cuffs and one off the men
went over to a pulley device nearby on the floor and began to twist the handle. 
Julia was stretched up off the floor by her arms  until she was standing on her 
tip toes on the cold concrete.    Her long dark hair dangled down her back as
her head rolled back. The two masked men left as quickly as they had appeared,
leaving behind a sudden eerie quiet.  Although the room was cold, she was
covered in a sheen of sweat that began to soak through her underwear.   Julia
moaned softly in the stillness.


Julia felt as thought she had been stretched out for hours and her shoulders and
calves ached from her straining.  She felt as if she was passing in and out of
consciousness in the quiet cold room.  Suddenly, she was awake and aware that
someone had entered  the room. Snapping her head up, she saw Watson walking into
the room. He no longer appeared friendly and safe and was naked and already
looked half erect.  "Looks like you didn't make that phone call after all,"  he
said.  He walked into the light and looked Julia up and down.  "Guess we won't
needs these", running his hands over her bra and panties.  He walked over to a
nearby table and picked up a knife.  He then walked behind Julia and she felt
the knife slip under her bra strap.  With one slicing motion the strap was cut
and the bra fell to the floor.  He then slid has hands over her soft  white
breasts.  Her large brown nipples were crinkled and hard from the cold.    He
squeezed her breasts and then squeezed her nipples, hardening them all the more.  
He then came around in front of her and bent down and sucked on each nipple,
leaving them each slick with saliva.  He  ran his hand down her flat belly and
then reached inside her panties, rubbing her lips without trying to penetrate
her.  Julia moaned and struggled.  "Don't, please don't.  I want  to go, please,
I won't tell."  Watson said nothing and went back over to the table.  He picked
up a bottle with something milky looking inside and rubbed it on his fingers. 
He then came back and grabbed the side  of Julia's panties.  With a jerking
motion he tore them away, leaving Julia now totally naked hanging  by her arms.  
She moaned again and quivered, her body shaking from cold and fear. Cupping one
hand on Julia's white bottom, Watson reached down with his other hand  and
rubbed an oily  liquid over her cunt, searching for her slit with his middle
finger.  He soon found the opening and Julia felt his slick finger enter her and
begin to stroke her.  He continued to rub the outside of her pussy and soon she
felt loose and wet.  She kept her eyes closed the entire time out of shame and
fear and only murmured and moaned.   Watson again bit and sucked  at her hard
nipples and then put both hands under her bottom.  He squeezed her cheeks and
then pushed apart her legs with his.  "No, oh no" she said as Watson grabbed his
cock and pulled Julia close to him with his other  hand.  He then slid the tip
of his cock into her wet slit and began to push.  Julia's breath caught  as
Watson again grabbed her cheeks and pushed into her.  Julia's arms ached and her
calves shook with exertion as she tried to hold herself up while Watson drove
deeper into her.    He began to grunt and push harder and harder.  He pushed on
final time, strained up against Julia, and gripped her so tight she though she
may pass out.  After Watson appeared to get his breath  back, he pulled his soft
glistening  cock out of Julia's pussy and backed away.  "Oh, fuck,  that was
something", he muttered.  Julia felt a warm liquid running down the inside of
her thighs. She again closed her eyes and allowed her head to roll back, hoping
it was all over.

Carey began to wake up slowly. The last thing she remembered was waiting for
Julia to make a phone call while she drank some kind of tea that Watson had made
for her.   She had no idea where she was and could not really move or look
around too much.  She was cold, stiff, and her body ached.  Two men stood in the
room waiting for her to wake up.  They wore masks and black  clothing.  They
stared down on Carey, who was stripped naked except for the yellow panties that
she had worn to the concert. She was  stretched face up over  a barrel like
object.  Her feet were tied to hooks cemented into the floor and her legs were
splayed  apart, and her arms were stretched out and tied to the floor on  the
other end.   Her large breasts, half covered by her  round pink nipples tilted
back towards her quivering  mouth.  The men said nothing as they approached
Carey. She still felt drugged and was frozen with fear.  One man came up between
Carey's tied arms.  He undid his belt and stepped out of his pants.  Squatting
down, he pulled her head further back and put his hand under  her chin.  With
the other hand, he guided his stiffened cock towards her mouth.  She struggled
and shook her head away.  More forcefully, the man pushed his cock into her face
as he pushed against the sides of her jaws.  She finally groaned and opened her
mouth and let him in.  He began to push back and forth and told her to "suck". 
As one  man filled up Carey's mouth, the other man stripped off his pants and
reached out for her yellow panties.  He ripped them off  off in one tug,
exposing Carey's shaved cunt.  Her upturned  slit glistened in the overhead
light.  The man began to work his fingers into Carey's pussy.  Carey was moaning
and choking on the cock in her mouth, trying to suck.   The second man then bent
down and pushed his organ into Carey's wet hole.  He began to slide it in and
out while the other masked man did the same to her mouth. 

Carey kept her eyes closed tight and felt as if her entire body was being
assaulted.  The dick in between her lips  was moving faster and deeper and
suddenly she felt an eruption of sticky liquid fill her mouth.   It pulsed out
several times and the cum seeped down her throat and out of her mouth, dripping
down onto her nose and cheeks.  The second man then pulled his still throbbing
cock out of her cunt.  He backed away and, much to her relief, undid the ropes
that bound her feet to floor. He then  grabbed her ankles and pushed  her feet
back up against her body. Her thighs now rested up against her sloping breasts
and she could feel the cold air against her spreading cheeks.  The first man,
still spent and limp, held onto her upraised ankles as the second man rubbed and
fingered her anus.  "No,", Carey cried, "Not there...please".  The man guided
his still erect cock into the opening of her anus and began to push.  He was
soon deeply thrusting while Carey's whole body rocked from the effort, her large
tits jiggling  with each heave.   He finally lunged with one more deep push and
Carey felt herself filling up with his cum. The man then pulled out of her anus
and the first man let go of her ankles, allowing them to flop down onto the
floor.

Carey lay on the barrel, eyes closed, naked and slick with body fluids.  She
felt light headed and was beginning to pass out.  The two men gathered up their
clothing and quietly left the room.

Julia awoke to bright sunlight.  She was laying in the bare livingroom of a
house she did not recognize.  She was dressed but her clothes were torn,
disheveled and dirty.  Next to her lay Carey, still asleep.  Julia stood up and
looked about the house.  Every room was abandoned and empty.  Still feeling
slightly drugged and confused, she woke Carey up and both headed out into the
bright sunlight to search for their car. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lizard King


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





