BDSM Library - My Patient Michelle




My Patient Michelle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple years ago I had a very interesting relationship with a submissive woman who had a particular interest in medical play. This is an account of some of the procedures that she endured. With the exception of the fact that her name was not really Michelle, this is all factual.
MY PATIENT MICHELLE
by Dr. Wellhung

PRELUDE

Late during the summer of 2002 I met a woman online who lived near Bay City, MI
which is about 90 miles away from where I live. Michelle was also in a lousy
marriage and as we wrote back and forth we found we had a lot more in common
too. As time went on we also began talking on the telephone and eventually
agreed to meet in person. We had already exchanged pictures and discussed
physical and personal details and she was much as I envisioned her. Michelle was
in her mid-forties, and could best be described as voluptuously built. Once we
both got over the initial butterflies things went very well. We planned for a
lunch hour meeting at Bennigans and the hour we had planned flew by. The next
time I met her at Bennigans again and we spent an afternoon together first
having lunch and then going to a park on the lake and that went great too. I
finally took her back to her car and we kissed goodbye and then both left in our
own cars. On the way back to the expressway I noticed a hotel and pulled into
the parking lot. Michelle was behind me and turned in also and pulled up next to
my car. I told her that I still had a couple hours worth of alibi left and there
were a lot more parts of her that I wanted to kiss goodbye to. Twenty minutes
later we were in a room I was kissing goodbye to her inner thigh, heading north.

After we got to know each other pretty well I learned that she had strong
submissive tendencies. Michelle revealed that she also had other interests that
she felt were too kinky and embarrassing to discuss. That piqued my own
curiosity and I did my best to make her comfortable with the idea of revealing,
if not exploring, them. Despite my best efforts she kept those fantasies to
herself, and the longer that went on the more curious I became. Finally I gave
her a direct order to tell me or face the consequences. Michelle refused with an
unusual amount of obstinacy and even a hint of enthusiasm. Letting that type of
disobedient behavior go unchecked was obviously out of the question. I took her
over my knee, and pulled her jeans and panties down and administered discipline
to her bare ass until her cheeks were literally beet red and she agreed to come
clean. Then she stood there red-faced and red-assed in front of me (with her
pants still pulled down mid-thigh ha ha) and revealed her secret interests in
the "medical fetishes" like gynoplay, enemas, douching, lactation, catheters,
etc. Michelle got the spanking she wanted, her fantasies were out in the open,
and I found myself in enviable position of being in a relationship with someone
who was extremely interested in activities that I had personally been curious
about for years but never acted on. 

Anyhow, now that our kinky mutual interests were revealed it went without saying
that she should have a thorough examination and I accumulated the necessary
"medical" equipment including large and small speculums, thermometers, forceps,
specimen bottles, a breast pump, a bulb-type douche bottle, catheters, various
sex toys, enemas, douches, and even a surgical scrub shirt. My doctor's bag also
included some non-conventional items like nipple clamps, cuffs, a collar and
chains, blindfolds, a flogger, etc. A hotel room table with some well placed
cushions and towels made a perfectly acceptable exam chair. Together we explored
the world of D/s, medical fetishes, and some BDSM and it was literally a life
changing experience for me. Ultimately, that relationship turned out to be
probably the most exciting and satisfying I have ever experienced.

Unfortunately, Michelle is no longer under my care due to a change in her
husband's work assignment. He got downsized out of his present job but then
found a better job in Connecticut and they moved away. For a while we kept in
contact but maintaining a relationship over such a long distance really wasn't
practical. Our calls and emails have become infrequent now and the intimate
relationship we had is definitely over. I still think about how exciting our
mutual interest was and last summer I decided to make my GeoCities web pages in
hopes of finding another similarly compliant patient.

The following are accounts of some of the medical procedures included in my
treatment of her condition over the time we had together. We didn't always
engage in medical play but we did do so fairly often. This gave us a chance to
try many different things. There were a few lengthy appointments involving very
thorough examinations and multiple procedures. There were also some shorter ones
addressing a specific aspect of her condition. I have summarized particularly
memorable examples of the different procedures as accurately as possible, and in
a logical order. They were not all done in neither this exact order nor even in
the course of any single appointment. Many procedures were repeated several
times as necessary. However, taken individually these accounts are all true with
the exception of the fact that her name wasn't really Michelle.




CHAPTER 1 - MICHELLE'S BREAST EXAM

Since she had submissive tendencies, special measures were appropriate for her
care. For instance, when you go for an exam I expect that you typically disrobe
in privacy, alone in the exam room or behind a screen. Michelle would have no
privacy. I made her remove her clothing while I was watching her. Michelle had
to strip to her underwear and then remove her bra and expose her breasts. I did
let her keep her panties on for the time being.

I started with a complete examination of her breasts. Michelle had extremely
sensitive nipples and she also had a great interest in lactating. She told me
that whenever she saw a woman breastfeeding a baby she wished that she had been
able to experience that herself. Michelle also confessed that she would get
sexually aroused at the thought. Before I examined her breasts, I made her
demonstrate her own breast self-examination (BSE) technique. Of course it was
embarrassing for her to have to manipulate her own breasts in front of me but it
was for her own good. I needed to be sure that she was doing the BSE correctly.
Next, I examined her breasts myself. Besides the typical standing and reclining
positions I also found it useful to examine her breasts with her on her hands
and knees. Women experience further increased sensitivity when their entire
breasts, not just their nipples are engorged. This is especially true for women
whose breasts are already sensitive such as my dear patient. Maximum engorgement
can be achieved by constricting the breast by using a large rubber band applied
around the base of the breast. The constriction must not be so tight as to
completely cut off blood flow but it can be surprisingly tight, enough to cause
the breasts to swell and become darker in color. Her doggystyle position with
her breasts hanging did help facilitate the placement of rubber bands. Once her
breasts had become nicely engorged I proceeded to knead and squeeze them
progressively toward her nipples to check for nipple erection and discharge and
also for general sexual arousal. I told her that this was a medical procedure
and she was not to become sexually aroused because that would be sluttish
behavior. Disobedience would be cause for punishment. The reason that I let her
keep her panties on was that a visible damp spot of vaginal secretions in the
crotch would betray arousal. For some reason while she was kneeling there with
her breasts hanging down and being "milked" a dark spot did indeed begin to show
right where the fabric was stretched tight over her labial bulges! Not only that
her nipples felt a bit wet too. I informed her she had not followed my orders
and I would have to teach her a lesson after I had finished her breast
examination.

Anyhow, back to her examination. After thoroughly evaluating her breasts in the
doggystyle position I let her get back up and had her sit in a chair for a
further investigation of the wetness on her nipples that I had noticed. I
suspected she might be experiencing some discharge. Fortunately I previously had
the idea to buy a breast pump as a stimulation device. The pump I bought is a
Gentle Expressions brand and it has a clear plastic funnel shaped nipple cup. I
turned the pump on and while it was applying suction I gently squeezed her
breast down toward her nipple using a regular self-expression technique. The
suction from the pump caused her areola to darken and swell until it nearly
filled the cup part. Her nipple also became engorged and swollen to about the
size of the tip of my baby finger. After a few moments little clear/white drips
began to form on the end of her engorged nipple. Michelle could feel it come out
and see it as well and she said that she found the experience tremendously
erotic. After several minutes I switched to her other breast with the same
results. While using the pump on one breast I used my mouth on the other and I
could taste her milk quite distinctly. Michelle wasn't making a lot of milk but
she was definitely making some.

I completed examining her breasts and then I gave her the good news that she had
a clean bill of health, and the bad news that there was still the matter of her
disobedience to deal with. At that point I cuffed her arms behind her to
restrain her sitting in the chair. Then I got out suction tubes to use on her
nipples. These are soft plastisol tubes about one inch diameter and two inches
long, with one end closed. Using them simply involves applying some lotion or
lubricant to the nipples to help make a seal, then squeezing the tubes closed,
applying them over the nipples, and then letting go. As the tubes try to spring
back to their original shape they apply a small but constant suction. I applied
the suction tubes and left them on her for a while. When I figured that her
nipples were sufficiently erect I pulled the tubes off. Her nipples were again
swollen, erect and considerably darker in color. The tubes were wet inside as
well.

Her nipples were even more sensitive after all the pumping and the application
of the suction tubes. That would make it even more effective when administering
discipline. I quickly put a clamp on each nipple. Then I attached little chains
to the clamps, adjusted them short and attached them to her collar to pull her
breasts upward by her nipples, exposing the tender flesh below. I remember how
full and rounded her breasts looked and how I could see her bluish veins through
the alabaster skin of the underside or her breasts. That time I administered the
discipline with a flogger. After ten strokes to the underside of each breast her
alabaster skin was much redder and warm to the touch and most interestingly both
nipples were leaking milk profusely.

Incidentally, the more times we used the pump the easier it was to get milk and
there was more of it as well. Michelle would also lactate more before her
period. Later I noticed that her breasts seemed larger and firmer and then she
told me that she had gone up a cup size, and that oh, by the way, she had bought
her own breast pump and had started using it periodically. We would often
include pumping and suction as part of our play. Michelle also would use her own
pump sometimes when she would masturbate. By the time they moved and our
relationship came to an end, a few minutes of pumping and manual expressing
would cause some real actual lactation and her breasts would give at least a
tablespoon of milk, perhaps a bit more...




CHAPTER 2 - MICHELLE LEARNS ABOUT RETENTION

When Michelle had filled out her Medical History she included "...enema nozzle,
tampon,..." among the objects that she had previously inserted into her anus. I
asked her the reason for the tampon and she said that it was to help her retain
the enema. I may not be a degreed doctor but I have learned a lot in my field of
interest. A tampon would not be of much value as a retention aid since it would
quickly become saturated with the solution. I challenged her and she confessed
that what she had actually done was use a tampon applicator as an anal dildo
while masturbating following giving herself an emema. I obviously could not
tolerate her being less than truthful when I ask her for information.

At the time of her indiscretion Michelle was undergoing a pelvic exam. Normally,
an enema is not absolutely necessary prior to a typical recto-vaginal evaluation
but this was a unique situation; I was going to teach her a bit about honesty,
enemas, and retention. I chose a disposable douche for the purpose. I did have a
Fleet enema handy but I had other uses for that as is explained in a different
chapter. My first action was to make Michelle lubricate the nozzle of the douche
and then her anus. I could have done this myself but I preferred to make her do
so for my viewing enjoyment. Not only that, I also informed her that following
her enema she would be getting an especially thorough rectal examination.

I filled the douche bottle with warm water from the bathroom faucet. Michelle
was in the bathroom, bunns up and kneeling on some towels, and holding her
asscheeks apart in preparation for her lesson. I believe it was a Massengill
brand douche that I had; the kind with the long and slightly angled nozzle. I
screwed the nozzle on to the bottle and then I inserted it slowly until the
entire length of the nozzle had disappeared into her rectum.

Then I squeezed, injecting the 6oz into my dear Michelle's rectum. She needed a
lot of instructiion so I repeated the process again. I refilled the plastic
bottle four more times for five total. It took a few minutes and some gentle
massage of her tummy to get her nicely filled. Once she couldn't take any more
liquid (it was nearly a quart) I inserted the rather large clear buttplug into
her anus to demonstrate what a retention aid really was.

Have you have ever fantasized about the thought of having intercourse while
being made to retain an enema? Does that make you hot, thinking of being fucked
while your belly is full of warm water? My dear patient Michelle did experience
that. I had not planned on it but as I administered her enemas I could see that
she was getting progressively more and more sexually aroused. Her inner labia
had flowered open and were glistening with her vaginal secretions. She looked so
inviting kneeling there like that that I got behind her and inserted my cock
into her vagina and fucked her deeply in the doggystyle position. It was a
unique feeling for me because I could feel the form of the plug through the
tissue separating her vagina and rectum. I could also feel the sloshing of all
that fluid inside her. I could also feel numerous vaginal spasms when she would
have an orgasm. After a most enjoyable period of stroking I withdrew my cock and
her vaginal lips were swollen and gaping open.

Before I performed her rectal exam I gave the enema a little more time to work.
While I waited for it to work I used the breast pump (with a special adapter of
my own design) on her clitoris and that caused her clitoris to swell to nearly
double it's normal erect size. Merely touching it or licking on it or even
blowing on it would cause intense stimulation. Michelle was still kneeling on
the floor at this time and when I opened her labia and sucked on her swollen
clitoris she orgasmed immediatly. I was amused to see that I could cause her to
orgasm again almost at will by sucking her clitoris again for only a few
seconds.

By then she was literally begging to expel the enema so I let her do so (in
private). When she returned I had her lay back on my improvised exam table and
performed a rectal examperformed a rectal exam, first with a well-lubricated
finger and then I inserted the small speculum and opened it partially, just
enough so that her anus was visibly opened. Next I reinserted the vaginal
speculum sideways and opened it up fully. I again began a clitoral and g-spot
massage and after a short while I opened the speculum in her anus a little more
and then again more yet until finally her anus was opened enough that I could
see cleary inside both of her orifices. Michelle said she could feel the cool
air inside her.

I then had her rise to the kneeling position and again used the douche bottle to
irrigate her open vagina and rectum with warm water. Michelle orgasmed again as
I stroked her clitoris and she felt the warm water squirt up into her vagina and
bowels and then run back out. By the time I had finished her rectal exam and
removed the speculums she had already been well dilated both vaginally and
anally. Thus, she was capable to taking the entire length of my penis first in
her vagina and then again later in her rectum. I have to admit that evaluating
her internal capacity in this manner did also cause me to experience several
orgasms and therefore she was given several doses of hormones (testosterone and
prostaglandin), administered internally. When the exam was finally over and she
stood she was leaking semen from both her vagina and anus. I guess that I should
have inserted tampons to retain the hormone dosage. Oh well, live and learn....




CHAPTER 3 - MICHELLE SQUIRTS

....Michelle had several orgasms while I was performing a pelvic exam.  There
was one in particular that you might be interested in. This procedure was also
performed while she was restrained and lying on her back. Her wrists were in
cuffs attached to cuffs around her thighs. Her vagina was held open with a
speculum. When she answered her medical history she checked that she did not
normally experience female ejaculation nor had she ever had a urethral orgasm.
Therefore, being the thorough doctor that I am, I felt it necessary to evaluate
her response to urethral stimuli and confirm whether or not she ejaculated.

Real OB/GYNs are trained to "make every effort to avoid contacting the external
tissues (e.g. clitoris and urethral introitus) when performing the speculum
examination". When inserted vertically, depending on the style and brand, the
speculum may effectively cover the woman's upper vulva and clitoral area, making
it easier for the doctor to avoid inadvertantly stimulating these areas.

I was using the large size disposable plastic speculum, fully inserted but
turned horizontally. Unlike my more conservative colleagues, I make every effort
to STIMULATE the external and internal tissues and the horizontal attitude
facilitates that nicely. Michelle's clitoris, urethral opening and even her
g-spot were very accessible between the open blades.

First I washed her exposed meatus and my own hands with Phisoderm antibacterial
soap. Then I carefully lubricated the area of her urethral introitus with
sterile KY jelly, and also applied the KY to the catheter tube.  Gently and
carefully I began the insertion. The tube is made of a thin diameter soft
silicon material. It has a tip section about 3/4" long before a slightly
enlarged area starts. I slowly fed it deeper up inside her urethra, massaging
the skin along the top inside of your vagina while I did so. It was actually
possible to feel the tube slipping in through the thin tissue separating her
urethra and vagina. The insertion continued until I felt the enlarged section
enter her bladder. Michelle could feel this too as the slight stretching of her
urethra decreased. A small amount of urine immediately leaked from the tube
confirming the catheter was fully inserted. It also confirmed that her bladder
was empty so if she did squirt we could be sure it wasn't just a release of
urine.

At this point the catheter was self-retaining. If not for the speculum in her
vagina and the restraints she could walk around and it would stay in. The
speculum made everything clearly visible. My medical kit includes a large hand
mirror and I used that to give her the opportunity to see as well as I could. I
held the mirror so she was able to look up inside her widely opened vagina and
just above that open hole she could see that there was about 6" of silicon tube
projecting from her urethral opening. In order to check her sensitivity I gently
stroked the tube in and out slightly, essentially masturbating her urethra. Then
I carefully withdrew the catheter and masturbated her g-spot until she orgasmed
to see if she ejaculated. I did not take very long at all when she orgasmed she
did not ejaculate any noticeable amount.

In order to let her experience the feeling of female ejaculation I had to
irrigate her bladder. I performed this step with her still laying on her back
and her urethra exposed by the speculum holding her vagina open. I used a new
250ml Fleet enema bottle filled with sterile water. I lubricated the nozzle and
her urethral opening with KY. Then I held my finger over the tip of the nozzle
and inverted the enema so any bubbles were cleared from the nozzle. I located
her urethral opening, and quickly (to minimize any spillage) removed my finger
from the tip of the nozzle and inserted it into her urethra and then slowly
continued to insert the nozzle fully into her bladder while holding the enema
upside down. Then I squeezed the bottle to squirt the contents into her bladder.
Michelle was able to take the entire 250 ML (less than 250ml is OK as long as
you take the majority of it). Next, I gently unscrewed the bottle from the
nozzle while keeping the nozzle inserted fully inside her urethra. I quickly
used my finger to cover the inside hole in the nozzle.

Then I proceeded to masturbate her to orgasm again, this time clitorally. When
she began her climax I uncovered the hole in the nozzle and thus released the
contents of her bladder. Michelle later told me that this greatly heightened the
intensity of her orgasm and she was very grateful for the opportunity to finally
see what it feels like to have an orgasm with female ejaculation....




CHAPTER 4 - MICHELLE TAKES TWO QUARTS, AND MORE

You wrote that retention was difficult for you and you were unsure if you could
hold an enema while having intercourse. It was difficult for my dear patient
Michelle too. The first time that I had intercourse with her while she was
retaining an enema it was at least somewhat easier because I had inserted that
butt plug into her anus first. It was a fairly good sized plug and the thickest
part was nearly the diameter of my own cock. The smaller part right at the base
was only about the diameter of a quarter so it would stay in pretty easily.
Despite a vigorous fucking the plug stayed put and she did not leak a drip.

The second time we tried it was somewhat different. Michelle had been acting a
little disobedient and disrespectful and so I told her that as a lesson she was
going to have to submit to a bigger enema and hold it while considering her
unacceptable behavior. First I administered a mineral oil disposable enema for
the purpose of cleansing her insides. I gave it to her with her lying on her
tummy on a towel on the bed. After squeezing the entire contents of little
plastic bottle into her I refilled it with warm water and gave her that as well.
Together they totaled only 9oz and she took them easily. While she held them I
made her keep her legs spread widely apart so I could watch for any signs of
leaking. I amused myself by lightly stroking the inside of her thighs, closer
and closer to her crotch. I am sure that she wanted to feel my finger there on
and in her cunt but it wouldn't hurt to make her wait a bit first. After she
laid there being teased for a while I had her turn over. Her nipples were erect
before I even touched her breasts. I ran my fingertips over her frontal parts as
well and while I did so she stroked my cock with her hand. It was a very
sensuous experience. Eventually I decided that she had held the enemas long
enough and sent her into the bathroom to relieve herself.

By that time in our relationship I had purchased a regular bag-type enema kit.
It came with a vaginal douche nozzle as well as the smaller rectal one. The
douche nozzle has multiple holes and flows considerably more than the rectal
nozzle. Her second enema was going to be much larger than the first so I gave it
to her in the bathroom, kneeling on a towel on the floor. I learned that
Michelle would get quite aroused when I would give her an enema. Like you, her
own body would reveal her lust. As Michelle was in the kneeling, head-down
position, her vulva was obviously totally exposed. Even before inserting the
nozzle her inner labia became swollen and her clitoris was visibly emerged from
it's hood. It was an especially erotic sight to see her like that, with her
little brown anal bud exposed and vulnerable and her swollen cunt betraying the
fact that she was sexually excited. Oh yes, I forgot to mention that Michelle
had a beautiful womanly vulva. She had a very nice thick dark bush, large outer
labia, and her inner labia were fully developed and a dark pink color. When she
got aroused her lips would swell and darken and flower open and she looked
positively in heat!

I had the bag hanging from the shower curtain rod, and it was bulging and full
to it's capacity with a little over two quarts of warm water. I first inserted
the nozzle into her cunthole and momentarily opened the clamp and gave her a
squirt deep inside her vagina. Then I withdrew it and used Vaseline to lubricate
it and the outside of her puckered asshole. I then slipped the white plastic
nozzle into her anus and slowly inserted it until the whole six inches of white
plastic was inside her. When I released the clamp the combination of the higher
flow nozzle nozzle, and the fullness and height of the enema bag resulted in
Michelle's bowels being filled quite quickly. Before she  had taken even half
the bag she started to complain about cramping and so I closed the clamp to give
her some time to adjust. I left the nozzle inserted in her rectum and reached in
between her legs and gently massaged her tummy while she kneeled there, and told
her relax because she was going to get a lot fuller. As I did so I felt her
tummy had already become somewhat swollen and I also felt her vaginal secretions
dampen my wrist. Despite her moaning and protests that she was too already full
and could not take any more, she was apparently very, very aroused.

It is critical in relationships that involve BDSM activities that 'stop words'
are agreed upon up-front. Well, I take the simple approach, 'no' means no and
'stop' means stop - and Michelle had not used either word yet. I started to
massage her a little further down her tummy, all the way further down to her
clitoris to be exact. At the same time I pinched the hose closed and then
released the clamp, and while continuing to alternately massage her tummy and
her clitoris I gave her a little bit more enema. I had a lot better control of
the flow by pinching the hose with my fingers instead of the clamp and I took my
time to keep her cramps at a manageable level. Gradually the bag got emptier
until most of the contents were inside her. She was doing plenty of moaning
then, and her tummy now resembled a woman in the early stages of pregnancy, but
she still did not tell me to stop.

I again gave Michelle a couple minutes to get accustomed to the fullness in her
bowels and then I resumed the flow a little bit at a time until finally the bag
was collapsed and completely empty. I told her to tighten her ass and I slipped
the nozzle out. My dear patient had two full quarts in her and was feeling very
full indeed. I told her that she needed to hold it for 10 minutes and that while
she endured that retention she should reflect upon the error or her ways.

I could see Michelle's belly was quite nicely bloated with the contents of that
red rubber bag. I rubbed her there and felt the fullness. Her breasts were
hanging down so that her nipples brushed the towel. I teased them as well. I
used my fingers to spread her swollen labia and very lightly touched the very
tip of her clitoris. It was hard with her sexual arousal. Without the benefit of
a butt plug inserted to assure retention I was concerned that if I were to fuck
her, or even make her have an orgasm, she might have an accident. I was
confident that she was already clean but there was a lot of water inside her and
I did not want her to flood the hotel room bathroom. 

Anyhow, I massaged her tummy and fondled her breasts and crotch and she endured
the discomfort as best as she could while the minutes ticked by. She also got
more and more aroused and soon she was again stroking my cock with her hand.
Then Michelle did something that surprised me. She quit stroking my cock and
instead started to rub her clitoris. I got behind her and rubbed my cockhead
between her splayed open labia. She was extremely wet and her secretions coated
my cockhead. I very slowly pushed the length of my cock into her vagina and
withdrew it, glistening and slick and slippery with her juices. When my cock was
all the way out again Michelle inserted two of her fingers and began stroking
them in and out of her cunthole. I was planning on making her suck her juices
off my cock but it was so damn hot to see her sluttish behavior fingering
herself that I absolutely had to fuck her again.

Then I got an idea. Perhaps her fingers in her cunt meant that she wanted my
cock elsewhere? Michelle was quite kinky but was she THAT kinky? I told her that
I was if she kept that up there would not be room for my cock in her cunt so I
was going to have to fuck her up the ass - enema and all. She did not even slow
down. I took the jar of Vaseline that I had used to lubricate the nozzle and
applied a generous gob to her exposed anus. She moaned and finger fucked herself
even more quickly. I positioned the head of my cock at her tightly clenched anus
and began to apply pressure. Ever so slowly I felt her anal sphincter yield and
I began to penetrate her. My cockhead finally popped through and it was
incredible. For one thing Michelle's asshole was always pretty tight, but this
time she was even tighter than usual. For another thing it was obvious that all
the water had distended her internally so instead of feeling the tissues of her
rectal walls all I felt was the warm water inside her.

While keeping just the head inside her, I used some more of the Vaseline to
lubricate the length of my cockshaft. Then I looked down and watched as I very
slowly pushed forward and bit by bit the length of my shaft disappeared into her
tightly stretched anus. That is a sight that always turns me on intensely. The
feeling this time was truly exquisite; a very tight grip getting ever closer to
the base of my cock and a fluid warmth enveloping the embedded length.

Michelle was groaning but pushing back a little as I was gradually impaling her
anally with my cock. At the point that it appeared as if my whole shaft was
embedded in her body I reached down and used my hands on her hips to pull her
ass toward my groin. Every last fraction of an inch of my penis finally sank
into her rectum. If you have looked at my photo album you know that Michelle had
well over seven inches of penis in her rectum and anal sphincter was stretched
and dilated to nearly the diameter of a silver dollar. That tight ring clenched
me way down at the very base of my shaft. I held her like that, completely
skewered up the ass. I could feel her swollen labia trembling against my balls.
Then Michelle moaned "Ooooooooohhh" and I felt something deep inside her belly
kind of readjust and open up and slip over the head of my cock! The feeling was
similar to when she would begin to perform oral sex on me and ever so lightly
suck my cockhead into her warm wet lips. I knew that she had taken my penis so
far up her ass that my cockhead had actually penetrated the inner sphincter
muscle between her rectum and colon! 

That certainly did it for her. Michelle started to orgasm. I felt her vaginal
secretions wetting my balls and her anus and rectum were spasming and the
sensation was like nothing I had ever felt before. Her spasms made the warm
water slosh around inside her. When she clenched internally I could feel her
rectal walls grip my cock but when she would relax between spasms the pressure
of the water distended her bowels again and all I felt was the water. And the
whole time there was that incredible soft sucking feeling right over the head of
my very deeply embedded cock.

After Michelle's orgasm subsided a little I started to fuck her in earnest with
slow but full length strokes. She was clenching my cock so tightly that I could
see her anus would actually be pulled somewhat outward each time as I withdrew,
even more so when my fat cockhead reached the inside of that tight orifice. And
each time I pushed all the way up her ass I waited a moment and, sure enough,
felt that amazing feeling of her colon slipping over the very head of my cock
again. What I was feeling and seeing were extremely stimulating to me and it did
not take anywhere near as long as usual for me to approach orgasm myself. I
pulled her hips to me and penetrated her to the core and released my first spurt
way up inside the depths of her bowels. When she felt that she came again and
her tight asshole gripped my cock so hard it stopped my own orgasm, but a few
moments later she relaxed and received the rest my ejaculation of thick hot
semen to complete her enema.

I left my cock inside Michelle's fluid filled rectum the whole time it took for
it to soften. By then Michelle was very ready to expel the contents of her
bowels and pleaded with me to let her do so. Finally I pulled back and was
amazed to see how her clenching anus stretched my softened cock as I withdrew.
She was still squeezing diligently. When my cockhead finally popped back out
from that tightly gripping asshole of hers a little bit of cum and water spurted
out too. I helped Michelle up. She was wobbly on her feet from the experience
and her belly looked as bloated as a woman in the middle of her second
trimester. When she sat on the toilet and finally released the contents of her
distended bowels there was no mistaking the fact that she orgasmed one last
time....

************ To be continued **************

written by Dr. Wellhung (a.k.a MasterK)
http://profiles.yahoo.com/amichgyndoc
http://profiles.yahoo.com/yourdarkestneeds
copyright 2004




My Patient Michelle, Chapter 5 - Probing Michelle
by Dr. Wellhung

Forward - This is a continuation of my account of the various procedures that I
have performed with my dear patient "Michelle".
 

CHAPTER 5 - PROBING MICHELLE
 

"My dear", Dr. Wellhung started, "Now that you have expelled the enema I will
perform another procedure to verify that your bowels are free of any
obstructions. I will be using a special rectal probe for this purpose."

With that said he opened his case of instruments and withdraw a sealed bag
containing a coil of black rubber tubing and various small parts.

"This rectal probe is of my own design", he explained removing the contents of
the plastic bag "and it is unique in that it has provisions that will allow me
to verify it's position during the insertion. You will note that the tip of the
probe has this small vibrator attached. It may be small but it is completely
self-contained and powerful enough that it's vibrations can be felt externally.
It is powered by two lithium batteries, which I am inserting now, with
sufficient life for the expected duration of the procedure. This is not going to
be painful but you will most certainly be aware of the location of the tip as it
makes it's way through your bowels. I will turn it on once we are ready to begin
the procedure".

"Doctor, that looks really long", Michelle commented upon seeing that he had
fully uncoiled the probe, "Will you be putting all that inside me?".

"For the record", Dr. Wellhung spoke, "the entire length of the probe is 36
inches but it will not be necessary you take it quite that deeply. There is
sufficient length that I will be able to manipulate the probe during insertion
and once it is fully in place. Now Michelle, I can perform this procedure with
you either kneeling or lying on your side. Most women find lying on their side
in the fetal, or more technically the Sims position to be the most comfortable,
and that is what I would recommend."

"All right Doctor", Michelle agreed, "I will trust your judgment."

"Good my dear, now I am ready to begin the procedure. I would like you to lay on
her left side, with your knees pulled up, facing away from me. Find a
comfortable position and you may rest her head on a pillow if you like."

Michelle assumed the position, laying on her side. In that position her gown was
lifted slightly and the smooth cotton fabric of her panties accentuated the soft
roundness of her buttocks. Between her thighs the bulge of her vulva was also
apparent.

"I will be removing your panties now Michelle", Dr. Wellhung told her and
without hesitation he carefully slipped them down her hips. Michelle raised
herself slightly and down they come, first revealing her full womanly behind and
then after briefly resisting (held by the feminine moisture of her labia
sticking to the fabric) the crotch pulled away from her vulva and that too was
revealed. Dr. Wellhung slipped them further down her smooth legs and finally
over her feet. Michelle has been a good patient thus far, lifting herself
slightly to help the good Doctor slip her panties off, but keeping in the fetal
position.

Michelle felt his fingers briefly touch her lower back and slip between her soft
and warm cheeks and her heart started to really race, but then Dr. Wellhung's
hand moved past that most sensitive area to the inside of her thigh and he
coaxed her to raise her leg a bit. He wanted her to be as comfortable as
possible and so he slipped a pillow in between her knees.

She lay there doing her best to relax, feeling both excitement and nervousness
at the same time. Again she felt his hand separating the soft globes of her
behind. This time when he slipped his finger there between them it is slick with
lubricant. His finger found her little rosebud anus and he lightly massaged the
lubricant there. The Doctor noted that Michelle had a little soft and fine hair
growth extending from her pubic area back to her perineum and around her anus.
Her skin there darkened somewhat as well, and was generally smooth with the
usual amount pucker toward her anal entrance. As the Doctor rubbed the area he
could tell Michelle would need a bit of time before she would be ready for the
procedure.

Michelle was tightly clenched at first, but despite her trepidation the feeling
of the Doctor's finger rubbing her anus was both arousing and compelling and she
relaxed a bit. As he feel her clenching less he ever so gently pushed his
fingertip slightly inside that tight little opening, further lubricating her
tender tissues. The slight penetration resulted in her involuntarily clenching
again, but he spoke softly close into her ear "Relax Michelle, I am going to
insert my finger now to lubricate you internally" and she did relax slightly. It
was enough that his finger slipped further inside, gently pushing through her
anal sphincter.

For a moment he let Michelle get accustomed to the feel of his finger inside her
anus and then he began to stroke it in and out slightly, just enough that the
tip withdrew past the inner ring of muscle, and then back through it again so
the tip entered the cavity of her rectum, assuring the tissues there and inside
the tight tube of her anal sphincter were slick with the gel. As he was
finishing lubricating her anus he noted that she had begun to push back toward
him.

That was the indication that he had waited for. Although Michelle had not yet
fully relaxed her anus she was mentally ready for the procedure. He again
withdraw his finger but this time he slipped it completely from the tight grip
of her behind.

Michelle could sense him back there behind her working on the final
preparations. When she heard the soft buzzing sound she realized that he had
finished.

"I am going to be beginning the procedure in a moment Michelle", Dr. Wellhung
told her, "But before I do I am going to inject additional lubricant into your
rectum to help assure the procedure is as comfortable for you as possible."

The Doctor parted her buttocks again and placed the tip of the applicator at the
opening of her anus. The applicator was a white plastic tube about the size of a
douche nozzle with a plunger that was, at the time, fully retracted. The doctor
had filled it with more of the lubricating gel he had used earlier. He pushed
the rounded tip inside her, and continued inserting it until it was fully in
place, a good four inches buried in her rectum. The darker slightly puckered
skin of her anal area contrasted with the slick white plastic. He slowly pushed
in the plunger, injecting the cool, slick contents into the heat of Michelle's
rectal canal. He heard her moan slightly as she felt it flow inside her. Dr.
Wellhung could not help but wonder if Michelle had ever experienced the feeling
of a man ejaculating inside there.

When the plunger had forced all the contents of the applicator into Michelle the
Doctor withdrew it. Her anus closed tightly, keeping the lubricant to melt
inside her.
"Now my dear, that wasn't so bad now was it?", he asked her.
"No Doctor"
"Good, now this time I will be inserting the end of the probe. Are you ready?"
Her answer "I hope so" was inconclusive but the slight lifting of her leg was
affirmative.

Once again she felt him spread her buttocks. Her anus felt cool from the air and
lubricant. She felt the tip of the probe touch that most private spot. It was
rounded and smooth, slick with more lubricant, and buzzing with the vibrations
of it's enclosed motor. Michelle's anus was alive with sensitivity and the
feeling was electric, very similar in effect to when she first would begin to
use her own vibrator on her clitoris.

With one hand holding her buttocks apart Dr. Wellhung began applying a firm
pressure with the probe. At first Michelle resisted the intrusion but after a
few moments she make an effort to relax and he feel her tight little anus
beginning to yield. The tip of the probe slowly opened her tender hole and
entered. Michelle feel the hardness of the Doctor's penis in his pants there
against the back of her thigh and understood that this was as exciting for him
as it is for herself. However, that moment of reflection was soon eclipsed by
the sensation she felt as the tip of the probe passed through her inner ring of
muscle. At that point her anus was dilated as much as it would be over the
course of the procedure. The thickness of the vibrating probe tip was greater
than that of the Doctor's finger, yet still not uncomfortably the large. Behind
the tip the smooth black tubing that was to guide it into her bowels was even
smaller in diameter, just about the size of his finger. Michelle could only
imagine how it might feel if it were the Doctor's penis entering her now instead
of the vibrating probe.

Ever so slowly Dr. Wellhung slipped the probe into the tight ring of her anus.
She was not fully relaxed but the lubricant was very effective and the Doctor's
stroking her soft buttock was calming. The tip completely passed through into
the less tight cavity of her rectum. She could feel it vibrating inside her now,
not in the ring of her anus but actually inside her body. The smooth tubing kept
her anus from closing completely despite her involuntary clenching.

"It's inside you now Michelle" Dr. Wellhung told her appreciably "You are doing
very well"

Despite the fact that she was not saying anything, he can tell the procedure is
already beginning to affect her. Michelle's breathing was more rapid and he
noted an ever so slight undulation of her hips. He looked down and see the
length of the probe projecting from her anus, and below that her labia are
showing, swollen with her arousal. The Doctor slipped a finger between them. She
feel soft, warm, and very wet. Further forward with his finger and he could feel
her clitoris had hardened.

Once Michelle had a few moments to become accustomed to the probe end fully
inside her, the Doctor gently pushed the tube inward slightly. It met no
resistance and slipped in, only an inch further now, but from her soft moan it
was apparent that she could feel the movement.

"Michelle, I am going to begin inserting the probe deeper now. I will go slowly
and it will not hurt. Try to relax", and with that he reach around and cup her
breast. Her nipple is hard against his palm. On his other hand, the one gripping
the tube of the probe, he could feel the heat emanating from her crotch.

Keeping my one hand cupped over her breast to help calm her, he applied some
more lubricant to the smooth black plastic tubing then gently but steadily began
pushing it further into her anus. The tubing is slightly thicker than an enema
hose and it is quite flexible, although not as much so as a rubber enema hose.
Instead it has just the right degree of flexibility to follow the contours
inside a woman's body, yet stiff enough to resist kinking as it is inserted.
Inch by inch it disappeared into Michelle's behind, pushing the vibrating probe
tip well inside her rectum now. At approximately six inches inserted, Michelle
and the Doctor both feel resistance.

"Now Michelle", he told her, "the probe is fully inserted inside her rectum now.
I am going to manipulate the tube a little until I feel the opening to your
bowels" She moaned again at the feeling of it moving inside her. It felt almost
alive.

Even uncoiled the tubing of the probe remained slightly naturally curved. By
gently twisting the tubing the Doctor could somewhat change the direction the
tip is pointed and after a few moments the resistance he noticed earlier
lessened, meaning the end of the probe was passing through the inner sphincter
that marks the transition between her rectum and bowels.

"Michelle, could you feel that?" he asked her, despite the fact that he knew she
did indeed feel it by the way she shuddered just then. "My dear, the probe is
entering your bowels now. You have taken it a little more than seven inches
deep. If you were to engage in anal intercourse with a well endowed man, you
would feel something similar at the point of full penetration as the mouth of
your bowels opened and settled over the glans of his penis"

Michelle's breathing was much faster and she actually began moving her hips back
and forth toward the Doctor, toward the probe where it disappeared into her
body. The Doctor released her breast and found her hand and taking it in his, he
placed it low on her tummy. Michelle could feel the gentle vibration from the
probe tip inside her body. He moved her hand lower to encourage her to rub her
clitoris while he returned his own hand to her breast, and again pushed a little
more of the shiny black tube deeper into her clenching anal opening.

Once the tip of the probe had passed into her bowels it slid in easily again.
Dr. Wellhung applied lubricant to the tube as necessary as he feed it further
inside Michelle. The vibrating tip also tended to vibrate the tube somewhat and
she could feel every inch that was in her body. Her fingers were rhythmically
rubbing her clitoris and the Doctor could see that her feminine secretions were
flowing freely from entrance of her vagina. He extended one finger there between
her labia and found that opening there. It was warm and very wet and it almost
seemed as if her vagina was actually trying to suck his finger inside. He teased
the opening a moment but did not take advantage of the opportunity to penetrate
her... yet.

Dr. Wellhung had 18 inches of the tubing inserted into Michelle when he noted a
slight resistance again. This signified a turning in her internal form. Again it
was necessary that he manipulate to tube to allow the tip to find the proper
direction to follow the turn of her bowels. The doctor slightly withdrew the
probe, turned it, pushed, repeated that again until he felt the tip had turned
in the correct direction. The feeling of the vibrating probe tip moving about
inside Michelle, then beginning to go inside deeper again must have been the
trigger; she gasped as an orgasm surged from there deep in her bowels through
every cell of her clitoris.

Once her spasms subsided, he asked "Michelle, Are you ready for me to finish
inserting the probe?"

"Ohhhhh doctor, I don't know if I can take any more", she gasped, still shaking
with the aftershocks of such an intense orgasm, "How much further?"

"Here my dear, you can see for yourself", he told her and taking her hand he
moved it behind her where her fingers found the tube as it protruded from
between her cheeks. "Now I want you to hold the tube and get up."

Michelle carefully rolled forward and began to rise to a kneeling position.
Every movement made her even more aware of the foreign feeling in her bowels. It
was not painful, but she most certainly could feel every inch. Dr Wellhung took
her free hand and helped her off the bed, to a standing position. Even the act
of standing accentuated her awareness that the probe was already very deeply
inserted. But then when he lead her to the mirror and she stood sideways and saw
that over half it's length has disappeared into her body that awareness was
brought into razor sharp focus.

"Now Michelle", he told her, taking her hand away from the tube, "I want you to
stand here and open her legs a bit and just watch", and with that he turned her
forward to face the full length mirror on the wall, and gently use his hand to
coax her legs open until she was standing with her feet far enough apart that
she could see the tube hanging down between her thighs.

Then standing behind her, Dr. Wellhung reached around placing one hand on her
tummy to help steady her, and with the other hand he grasped the tubing and
carefully pushed it upward a bit. He could see where her eyes were looking in
the mirror. Michelle's gaze was fixed between her legs where she could see what
she was feeling, the tube slipping further up inside her bowels. She looked
almost dreamy, mesmerized by the sights and feelings as very slowly, the Doctor
pushed the probe further up inside her. Now a little more than a foot remaining,
now less, ten inches, eight inches, "Oh My Gawd" she thought, six inches. The
doctor stopped. Michelle had taken the probe as fully as he had intended.

By the time Dr. Wellhung finally got done with the insertion of the probe
Michelle was beside herself. Her legs were shaky and weak. She could feel the
entire length of well over 2 feet of the probe coiled inside her. The tip was
still vibrating and had even grown slightly warm deep inside her bowels. As the
Doctor caressed her tummy she could see there, hanging down between her legs,
was now only about six inches of the plastic tubing. It stayed in place with no
tendency to slip out like a vibrator or butt plug might. The doctor reached down
with his hands and spread her labia while she watched in the mirror. When those
lips parted she could see that her inner lips were glistening wet and very pink
and swollen and clitoral hood bulged from the erection of her clitoris. Even the
end of it was visible, like a little pink pearl straining to emerge further. She
didn't know what she was feeling. It was a strange mix of lust, desire, and
embarrassment, and she felt that she had submitted to the Doctor's care at a
level of intimacy that she had never reached before. Every bit of her was alive
with need and arousal. Her eyes and his met in the mirror. They both looked and
watched as the Doctor's hands left her vulva and slid up to cup her breasts. Her
vaginal lips remained somewhat open and the wetness was evident inside her
thighs.

"My dear", the Doctor said, speaking with his eyes into hers as well as his
voice, "do you find it pleasurable knowing that you have taken that entire
length inside you?"

"I can't believe it is all inside me Doctor", Michelle said, speaking as if in a
daze. She was clearly in a space of her own.

"I asked you, is it pleasurable?"

"Yes Doctor, it is pleasurable, especially in my mind to know what I have let
you do. Have I pleased you Doctor?"

"Yes Michelle, you have pleased me, and now you will please me further", the
Doctor spoke and taking her hand, he lead Michelle to the bed. He helped her to
lie down. She was almost robotic in her motions, cautious in her movements due
to the strangeness of feeling so very deeply penetrated, almost afraid to move
the wrong way lest something would happen inside her, yet fully acquiescent to
his will. The Doctor laid her face down on the bed. She did not resist even
slightly as he spread her legs, as she felt the cuff being secured about her
ankle, and again, about the other ankle. When the Doctor put his hands around
her waist and coaxed her to raise slightly she did. Slid a pillow under her,
elevating her crotch to a position that suited him.

She laid there, eyes closed, anticipating what would come next. She did not know
what it would be, but that did not matter. The Doctor had told her that she
would please him further and that was all she needed to know. She felt him tying
the cord to the loop on the cuff at her left ankle, heard the sound of the cord
being pulled under the bed, and felt him working again with the cuff on her
right ankle. The Doctor pulled the cord tight, spreading her legs yet more, not
uncomfortably so but certainly widely separated. He felt the most exposed and
vulnerable she had ever felt in her life. She imagined that her most intimate
opening, her anus, was obscenely visible to his gaze, not just visible but
slightly opened by the short length of tube projecting up from it. It made her
think about how long, how very long that probe had looked the first time she saw
it as the Doctor uncoiled it. Now she could feel all that length. It was inside
her, in to the very core of her being, vibrating and warm in her belly.

The Doctor moved behind Michelle. She felt the soft hardness of the head of his
penis between her labia. He finally spoke, "Michelle, I will be withdrawing the
probe now. I have restrained you because i want you to remain absolutely still
during the withdrawal. It will not be at all painful, but the sensation will be
unlike anything you have felt before. I want you to just do your best to relax
and feel what is happening inside you. I will insert the head of my penis into
your vagina Michelle. That will allow me to feel any spasms you may have during
the withdrawal. Are you ready Michelle?"

Michelle sighed and said very softly that she was ready. The Doctor felt her
wetness, her feminine juices making the entry of his cockhead effortless. He
felt her warm, soft vagina open for him, and close again, gripping his penis
just beyond his bulging mushroom head. He used his hands and spread her plush
asscheeks. The sight of her dark pink anus likewise encircling the tube was
erotic beyond belief.

The Doctor, took hold of the tube and began to withdraw it. There was very
little resistance as Michelle was so well lubricated internally. Gradually the
tube began to emerge. Deep inside her bowels Michelle felt the vibrating tip
moving. Again the sensation that it was alive within her body. She slipped the
rest of the way into her private headspace. She felt the familiar sensation
again, starting in her clitoris, then deep in her bowels, then everywhere from
the top of her head down to her toes. They curled as she came. Her fingers
clenched the sheets as she came. The probe kept moving inside her, vibrating and
hot, so deep inside her, she came. The doctor felt her vagina clenching his
cockhead, squeezing out precum. In time with her vaginal clenching her anus
clenched as well gripping the emerging tube, causing the puckered little ring to
protrude slightly. her spasms came in waves, clench, unclench, clench, unclench.
The Doctor continued slipping the probe out from Michelle's body in a steady
manner. He felt her body heat had warmed the glistening black tubing. She was
completely gone now, awash in orgasm, pounded by wave after wave washing through
her entire being. She was not even aware of the presence of the doctors penis in
the mouth of her vagina. She did not feel the cuffs keeping her legs apart. She
could not stop the endless movement of the probe traveling through her churning
bowels, the endless spasms of her vulva. Further the Doctor withdrew the probe
and as the end passed though that other opening deep inside her that marked the
transition between her bowels and rectum Michelle clenched and did not unclench
at all. Her cunthole squeezed the Doctors penis tightly. Her anus gripped the
tube. The Doctor felt the vibrations getting stronger as the tip passed through
her rectum. It reached her anal sphincter. He looked and watched as her anus
began to open, reluctantly releasing the thick tip that had journey so far
inside her. It popped out. Michelle's body went limp. Her vagina released its
grip on the Doctor's penis. Her anus relaxed and opened, a small dark mouth
leading to the heat inside her. She was ready. The Doctor was ready. He withdrew
his cockhead from her limp cunthole and moved it upward, to her waiting and
dilated anus.


NOTE - If you enjoyed this you will probably also enjoy my accounts of the other
various procedures that I have performed with my dear ex-patient 'Michelle'.
They are all on my home page at:
***** http://users.porncity.net/drwellhung/index.html *****
Copyright 2003-2005 by Dr Wellhung
http://profiles.yahoo.com/a2michgyndoc
Email a2michgyndoc on Yahoo
Backup Email a2michgyndoc on Hotmail




My Patient Michelle, Chapter 6 - Michelle's Outpatient Treatment

Forward -
This chapter is my instructions by email to Michelle for self-administering an
enema on an outpatient basis. If you enjoy this you will probably also enjoy my
accounts of the various procedures that I have performed during her office
visits.


Michelle's Outpatient Treatment
by Dr. Wellhung

In your earlier letter you wrote how you were concerned about enema retention
during vaginal intercourse because after anal intercourse it would sometimes
feel like semen was oozing from your anus. Well, an enema nozzle is a lot
smaller than a penis and I expect that you were oozing semen because your anus
was still somewhat dilated from your being sodomized. You should not have the
same degree of dilation from the nozzle, and I am giving you an exercise you can
do yourself to help me determine your ability to hold a large enema during
intercourse.

You are going to answer a few questions for me. There are not very many but
before you answer them I want you to be in the right frame of mind. I also want
your bowels to be full so you are going to give yourself an enema, and retain it
while you are answering them. If the timing is not convenient for you right now
just save this letter until it is. If it were possible for me to make a
housecall I would do so and administer the enema myself. However, since that is
not possible you will need to follow my instructions and do it yourself.
Consider this outpatient services.

First, for maximum effectiveness I want you noticeably full. Noticeably full
means that your tummy will be at least noticeably distended. I think that 2
quarts should give the desired effect. Ideally you should be using a bag-type
enema and a douche nozzle. The douche nozzle or "vaginal tip" injects the fluid
deeper into your bowels than a typical small Fleet-type enema nozzle or "rectal
tip". The enema bag will typically hold anywhere from 1 1/2 to 3 quarts, but 2
quarts is probably the most common size. A good alternative choice would be a
bulb-type douche.  The douche bulb generally holds only 1/2 quart. Both of these
are available at low cost at Meijers, Walmart, and most drug stores. If you
don't have either, you could get by with a commercial disposable douche or enema
but you will need numerous refills.

You can use warm water or one of several typical enema solutions. For cleansing
liquid castile soap mixed at about 1tsp/quart or lemon juice mixed 2oz/quart are
recommended. Epsom salts mixed at 2tbsp/quart or milk mixed at 1cup/quart are
recommended as soothing to the bowel. If you want to be adventurous there are
many other solution recipes available on the Internet. In any case, at least 2
quarts of water or solution should be pre-measured and warmed to slightly more
than body temperature, about 100F - 105F. 

You are to apply a lubricant first. Any type will work. I generally use KY or
Astroglide, which are both water-soluble. However, since there will be no
vaginal or urethral penetration involved you could even use Vaseline. Anyhow,
use your finger to lubricate your anus and be sure to insert it as deeply as
possible to lubricate inside as well. You will also need to stand sideways and
look in the mirror to observe the natural contour of your tummy. You can use a
tape measure and take a 'before' measurement and of course a photo would be
invaluable to my evaluation of your technique.

Next I want you to begin to administer the enema. You may do this in whatever
position is the most comfortable for you. You will need to be as comfortable as
possible so you can take the maximum amount. If you are curious about the
various enema positions I have a nice selection of enema position pictures
available for your reference on my home page at:

http://users.porncity.net/drwellhung/index.html

Be sure to insert the nozzle fully and begin the flow. You may feel it helpful
to gently massage your tummy while the solution is flowing in. Depending on your
position of choice it might be difficult but if possible take a photo clearly
showing the nozzle fully inserted in your rectum. Once you have taken 2 full
quarts I want you to stand and look in the mirror again and see how much your
tummy has distended. It should be very noticeable but if not, you will need to
take more until it is. Once your bowels are full, take an 'after' measurement
and another photo if possible. Observe what time it is.

Now, while you are reading this with your bowels full I have a task for you. Go
to that same photo album link that I gave you earlier. This time you can open
the "Procedures" folder. In there you will find about 75 photos of various
procedures that are typical of my patients' treatments. Look at them all
carefully and pick out whichever five photos appeal the most to you. If you have
become aroused by retaining the enema and/or looking at the photos you may
masturbate your clitoris, but not to orgasm - yet.

Have you had enough retention yet? Do you feel the pressure and the need to
expel the contents from your belly? Well, not quite yet. First, I want you to
write an email to me and tell me about which five photos you liked the best and
why. Then answer my questions about your enema procedure. Be concise; answer all
of them and don't rush just because you're feeling the need for relief. I am
counting on you to give me a detailed and accurate report. What enema solution
did you chose? Report what you type of enema equipment and type of nozzle you
used, the position that you were in when injecting the liquid into your bowels,
how much you took and what time it was when you began retention. Review the
'before' and 'after' measurements and report how much the increase was. Include
any photos that you took. Finally, look at the time so you can report how long
you held that enema inside, and then send me the email.

One last thing, before you expel I want you to masturbate again, right to the
point of orgasm. This time you should also use a vibrator, dildo, or some
similar phallic object inserted vaginally and keep retaining the enema until you
have peaked (climax phase) and just begin coming down (plateau phase). That will
give you the confidence of knowing that you can indeed have intercourse while
holding an enema inside. Also, if you time it just right and expel immediatly
after your orgasm ends but while you are still in a highly aroused state there
is an excellent chance you will have another climax.

As a follow on, if your male partner is available you have several options. Your
bowels should be nicely cleaned out now. This will be an excellent opportunity
for you to experience vaginal intercourse while retaining an enema as explained
in Michelle Chapter 2, or if you are really daring you could even try anal
intercourse while full as per Chapter 4. Another option would be to find out if
it really was semen you felt oozing from your anus. Would it turn you on to see?
A great advantage of a cleansing enema first is that it makes it all the more
easy to get an excellent picture.  Have your partner perform anal sex with you
and ejaculate in your rectum. Ideally he should do so with only his cockhead
embedded up your ass, and in the missionary position. Then after he withdraws,
as you lay on your back raise your legs and reach dowm and spread your cheeks
and push. Only semen will come out. Have him take a photo. Trust me on this,
your partner will love it and of course, as your doctor, it will be necessary
for me to review that photo in order to determine any additional necessary
procedures.



NOTE - If you enjoyed this you will probably also enjoy my accounts of the other
various procedures that I have performed with my dear ex-patient 'Michelle'.
They are all on my home page at:
***** http://users.porncity.net/drwellhung/index.html *****
Copyright 2003-2005 by Dr Wellhung
http://profiles.yahoo.com/a2michgyndoc
Email a2michgyndoc on Yahoo
Backup Email a2michgyndoc on Hotmail



My Patient Michelle, Chapter 7 - Michelle's First Exam
By Dr. Wellhung

Story Codes: M/f D/s real enema lactation toys consensual romantic Light

Forward - This is a continuation of the series about my medplay activities with
my patient "Michelle". In this chapter "Michelle" refers to a different woman
than in most of the previous chapters. However, this is also every bit as much a
true and non-fictional account.

CHAPTER 7 - MICHELLE'S FIRST EXAM

Michelle and Dr. Wellhung had been writing emails back and forth and chatting on
instant messenger for nearly a month before she finally decided to follow
through with her desire to undergo an examination. She was nervous, she was
apprehensive, and she was also driven by a desire that was relentless. That was
her dilemma. She was an intelligent and responsible woman, and she was about to
do something that any intelligent and responsible woman would think was
absolutely crazy. In fact, the whole thing was crazy. Michelle had found the
"Dr. Wellhung's Gyno Clinic" web site on the Internet. She had written to him
and, damn, he had actually written back to her! Now she was going to meet him.

It was difficult enough meeting someone new for the first time, but that was
child's play in comparison to this. She was not just going to meet someone new;
she was going to a hotel room with a total stranger whom she had met on the
Internet. She was going to take her clothes off. This "Dr. Wellhung" was going
to have full access to her body and he was going to do things of the most
intimate nature, externally and internally. Even her bi-annual pelvic exam was
nothing compared to this! 

As Michelle showered and dressed she still could hardly believe that she was
really doing this. Although her appointment had been scheduled for a week it
still did not yet feel completely real. Dr. Wellhung had arranged to meet her at
a Quality Inn about fifteen minutes from her home. He had proposed that they
meet in their cars in the parking lot and then go for coffee or breakfast. Now
she almost wished that she had taken him up on the offer. Instead she had told
him that it would be more exciting for her to just go directly to his room. The
Doctor agreed and told her that once he had checked-in he would call and let her
know that it was time.

The doctor told Michelle that he thought that he should be calling her sometime
around 11:00am. As it got closer to that time Michelle felt the butterflies
churning in her stomach. She also felt another sensation, a tingling between her
legs. She was looking at the clock for what seemed like the hundredth time when
her cell phone rang. She knew this was it. She answered and heard the Doctor's
voice for the first time.

"Michelle? This is your Doctor. It's time for your examination."

"OK" she answered.

"I am all checked-in, Room 628." he told her. Michelle thought that he had a
nice voice.

Michelle said that she was on her way and would be there shortly. Now that she
had heard his voice the sense of unreality that she had been feeling began to
change to something else. She put her coat on and took her purse and keys. She
walked to her car and got in. The fantasy she enjoyed when she had masturbated
alone in the middle of the night was becoming real. Those many nights,
especially since she and the Doctor had been communicating, Michelle had laid
there in her bed with her knees pulled up to her chest. Her vagina throbbed as
she used her Hitachi Magic Wand, and she had dreamed about getting an erotic
examination. In those late night secret fantasies of hers she tried to imagine
the feel of a speculum entering her there.

Now it was going to really happen. It wasn't the middle of the night; it was a
few minutes after 11:00 in the morning. There was real traffic and real stores
and real people going about their business. There was a real Michelle and she
was driving in her real car, and yet those fantasies were also just as real in
her mind as she drove to her appointment with the Doctor. She tried to put them
out of her mind for fear that the Doctor would find her panties already soaked
when she disrobed. That would be so embarrassing. Beyond embarrassing,
mortifying! She tried to will those thoughts away and she tried to will the
tingling between her legs to stop, but she could not. Michelle's imagination was
vivid and suddenly an image flashed into her mind. It was that picture the
Doctor had let her see, the one where a woman's hand was clutched around the
base of his penis and it was fully erect and standing straight up. The vivid
memory of that picture sent a jolt through her body, beginning there between her
legs. She felt her vagina spasm and, oh no, she was sure that she felt a squirt
of fluid escape.

The drive to the hotel seemed to take seconds. "This is it" she thought.
Michelle pulled into the parking lot and as she did she briefly thought of
turning around and leaving. She was so nervous and all she had to do was leave
and that would make the butterflies stop churning in her stomach. But then she
thought of how Dr. Wellhung had driven over three hours to meet her and how he
had already spent the money for the hotel room. She couldn't do that to him. She
also thought of how, after all these years, her fantasy could finally come true.
If she turned around she would be letting herself down as much as she would be
letting him down. Her fantasies would never be realized.   And even now as she
thought of what was about to happen she could feel that throbbing between her
legs. No, she would NOT leave.

Michelle parked her car. When she got out of her car she could definitely feel
dampness in her panties. It was not her imagination again; it really was damp
down there. She walked inside and found the elevator. She pushed the button for
floor six. The door opened immediately. Her heart was pounding in her chest.
After a few moments the door opened again on floor six. Michelle got out and
walked down the hall. Her heart was really racing now. 620, 622, 624, 626, oh
geeze - Room 628.

For a couple seconds that felt like hours Michelle stood there in front of the
door to Room 628, her heart pounding and her stomach in knots. She already knew
that her crotch felt moist and now she felt that her nipples had become hard.
Not that too!!! 

The knock on the Doctor's hotel room door was so light that he almost missed it.
It was a tentative little knock, as if the woman on the other side of the door
was, even at this last minute, not quite sure that she was actually going to do
it.

Doctor Wellhung opened the door and Michelle stood there in front of him. This
was the first time Dr. Wellhung had seen her. She had described herself for him,
in some detail in fact, but she did not have a picture to send him by email.
Nonetheless, the Doctor was very pleasantly surprised. Michelle was a most
attractive woman.

She came in the room and the Doctor closed the door behind her. Even before
removing her coat he took her in his arms and he kissed her - deeply - and
Michelle kissed him back, just as deeply. It was not just a little "glad to
finally meet you" kiss of two strangers meeting for the first time, there was
passion there too.

The Doctor took Michelle's coat and hung it from the hanger in the closet
alcove. She saw that the room was nice enough, a suite, with a Jacuzzi right
there in the main room. There was another room as well, and it was darker in
there, and in the other room was a huge king bed with a lamp table on each side.
Candles burned on the lamp tables. She also noticed that Dr. Wellhung had a
bottle of sparkling wine chilling in an ice bucket next to the Jacuzzi.

Despite the early hour Michelle accepted the Doctor's offer of Asti Spumante.
While he uncorked the bottle and poured them both small glasses she looked in at
the bed. "Ohmigod!", she thought, that was where it was going to happen. So far
the doctor seemed nice enough but still she was so, so very nervous. Her hand
trembled slightly as she took the glass.

Michelle had told the Doctor several times how nervous she was about the
prospect of getting an examination. Even as she finally made the decision to
meet with him she wrote "After much thinking over the weekend, I want to make an
appointment with you. The constant thought of you giving me an examination is
more than I can handle and I realize that the nerves will be there whether its
in 2 weeks or 2 months".

In consideration of her nervousness Dr. Wellhung had promised Michelle that he
would begin by giving her a massage before doing anything else. All she would be
agreeing to initially was to the massage. The Doctor promised to allow her to
leave her lingerie on while getting her massage, and that he would not be as
much as touching her in any of her private areas. He would give her a massage,
and if after the massage she was not able to relax and feel comfortable enough
to undergo an examination, then her appointment would be over with no questions
asked.

As soon as the Doctor had removed her shoes and socks and began to massage her
feet Michelle knew that would not happen. He was using a very nice warmed
lotion, and he was taking his time, gently yet firmly rubbing her feet as she
lay there enjoying the sensations. There was no rush, just pleasure. The Doctor
thoroughly massaged the lotion into her feet, ankles, and even her calves to the
extent possible with her jeans still on. Several times he came up and kissed her
passionately.

"Michelle, I am going to massage your legs now," the Doctor said while undoing
the button of her pants. Her response was to raise her hips to help him slip
them down. The doctor unzipped her jeans and worked them over the curves of
Michelle's hips. He was careful not to slip her panties off at the same time.
Her jeans were tight but once he got them down past her hips the rest was easy.
Michelle was amused that he took the time to fold them neatly and place them on
a chair in the corner of the room.

When the Doctor returned to sit on the bed next to his patient he took the tube
of lotion and squirted a generous amount into his hand and rubbed his hands
together to warm them. As he was doing so he took a moment to look at her now
that she was no longer wearing pants. Michelle was right, she did have very nice
legs. He also noticed that despite the fact that her legs were closed demurely,
the fullness of her white cotton panties revealed that Michelle's vulva was well
developed. He could also see a slightly dark shadow showing through the fabric
and he was pleased that she had followed Doctor's Orders and not shaved her
pubic hair.

Dr. Wellhung devoted a very enjoyable and long time massaging Michelle's shapely
legs. He started with her ankles, and then moved upward to her calves, and then
her thighs. He would add more of the warmed lotion frequently and while warming
it in his hands he noticed that his luscious patient had a much more serene and
relaxed look on her face. Her eyes were closed and she was even smiling
slightly. The Doctor continued his massage to her upper thighs moving
tantalizingly close to the edge of her panties. He slipped his fingers in
between her legs there to coax her to open them a bit. He heard a slight gasp as
Michelle felt his fingers there in the warmth of her inner thighs, and when he
looked she had parted her lips slightly. She had also parted her legs a little
more, not fully spread but certainly open enough so the Doctor had full access
to massage all the way up.

Once Michelle had opened her legs a little the Doctor had a much nicer view of
her crotch area. The form of her outer labia, and even the cleft between them
was quite apparent. Had it not been for his promise to begin with a non-sexual
massage only, the doctor most certainly would have touched her there. As it was
he remained true to his word and he limited his caresses to those areas not
covered by her lingerie. He rubbed the lotion into that exceptionally soft skin
between her legs and he could feel the heat emanating from Michelle's crotch. He
wondered if when he touched the white cotton there he would find it damp.

"Michelle, I want you to roll over now so I can massage the back of your legs"
the Doctor instructed.

Michelle dutifully did as told and turned over so she was lying on her stomach.
This time she left her legs slightly apart, not wantonly, but enough that the
Doctor did not need to coax her to open them again. Again, he applied lotion to
his hands, warmed it, and then began low on her legs, working up. While he
massaged her he admired her body. Michelle was in very good shape for a woman in
her late forties. She obviously exercised and took care of herself. She had a
most womanly form. The Doctor could see that her buttocks looked firm under the
thin white cloth of her panties. She had chosen her lingerie just as instructed.
He had told her to dress as if she was going to her usual bi-annual exam and she
had done so.

Doctor Wellhung massaged the warmed lotion into the skin of the back of her legs
as thoroughly as he had done the front. He noted that this time when doing the
insides of her thighs that Michelle slightly opened her legs even further. It
was so tempting to touch that taught fabric there. It looked even tighter now,
as if her vulva had become swollen. The heat from her sex seemed even more
distinct. As the Doctor massaged the back of her hips just beyond her pantyline
he did so with both hands in a manner that slightly pulled her cheeks open with
his kneading. Michelle responded to that with an almost imperceptible undulation
of her hips.

The bedroom was rather dark due to the fact that the only light was from the two
candles and what came in from the adjacent room, but Dr. Wellhung also noticed
what seemed to be a damp spot beginning there in the crotch of Michelle's
panties. It was hard to be positive, but it sure seemed as if the white cotton
was a bit darker there right at the point where Michelle's vaginal opening would
be.

The Doctor hands moved further up now, above the elastic waistband of his
patient's panties and slightly underneath her sweater, rubbing the warmed lotion
into the muscles of her lower back. It was time to give her a back massage now
so he told her that he would be removing her sweater.  She did not at all resist
when he began to pull it upward and she raised herself up off the bed enough
that he could pull it beyond the mounds of her amply filled bra. Once he had it
off he excused himself briefly and took that sweater, folded it, and placed it
on the chair with Michelle's jeans and socks. 

He returned, squeezed more lotion onto his hands, warmed them and then proceeded
to massage his patient's back. There was no rush and he took his time, doing his
best to help her to relax. He brushed her silky blonde hair aside and massaged
her neck and shoulders. He also massaged her arms. He could feel tension in the
muscles of her shoulders when he started, but as he continued those muscles
loosened. Then he went lower, lightly lifting the straps of her bra and rubbing
the skin below.

When Doctor Wellhung had finished with her backrub he told Michelle that she had
to roll over again so he could do her front. She hesitated just a moment and
then turned over on to her back again. Their eyes met. The anxiousness that he
had seen in them now was nearly gone. She smiled shyly and the Doctor leaned
over and kissed her again, a long, deep, and passionate kiss.

"Are you doing alright dear?" the Doctor asked her.

"Yes" Michelle said and smiled softly, "much better now".

"Good, now put your hands behind your head and I will finish your massage" the
Doctor replied and squeezed lotion into the palm of his hand.

Michelle complied with his instructions and again laid her head back and closed
her eyes. Dr. Wellhung again admired his patient's most attractive form. Her
tummy was softly rounded and had great tone. That was amazing considering that
she had two pregnancies and both were large babies. He knew from her Medical
History Form that she wore a 33B brassiere. The Doctor was not a man who was
greatly turned on by the women one typically sees in men's magazines such as
Penthouse. Instead, he appreciated a woman's more natural appearance, no breast
implants, no collagen injections, and although he did appreciate how shaving
could reveal the form of a woman's vulva, he just as much found full pubic hair
appealing. The Doctor could tell that Michelle's body was all-natural and she
looked appealing indeed lying there in nothing but her panties and bra.

The Doctor rubbed the lotion over Michelle's tummy, right to the very edge of
the elastic band at the waist of her panties. He moved upward to do the skin
just below her bra, then higher yet again to the soft swells of her breasts.

Her lips were slightly parted and he leaned over again and lightly brushed his
own across hers.

"Michelle, its time for you to decide if you want me to give you your
examination. Would you like to stay longer?" Dr. Wellhung asked her.

"Yes Doctor, I will stay" she answered without hesitation. It was only a small
sentence but it had a great meaning. It meant that Michelle had given herself
over to the Doctor's care. She had committed herself and now all those secret
fantasies were about to be realized. The butterflies returned but not nearly as
bad as earlier. When she felt the Doctor's hand slip into the cup of her bra and
touch her nipple it signified that he was beginning.

Dr. Wellhung slid an arm under Michelle's back and lifted her upright to a
seated position. She felt his fingers behind her back, felt him undo the clasps
of her bra, felt the release of tension as he opened the back strap. He removed
her bra completely and then surprised her by squeezing lotion onto his hand once
again and finishing massaging her back as she still sat upright. Then he got up
and put her bra on the chair with the other articles of clothing he had placed
there earlier.

Michelle sat there, topless now; awaiting what would come next. Doctor smiled at
her as he again applied more lotion to his hands. He rubbed them together to
warm them and then he sat on the bed slightly behind her and reached around and
cupped her breasts, and gently rubbed the lotion into the skin that had been
hidden inside the cups of her bra. As he did so the doctor felt Michelle's
nipples hardening against his palms.

"Now lay back dear and I will be examining your breasts." he instructed.

Michelle did as he told her, again with her hands on the pillow behind her head.
The Doctor ran his fingertips across the skin of first one breast and then the
other, feeling every bit of the tissue for form and firmness, encircling the
edge of her areolas to observe how her nipples responded, feeling the little
bumps as they stiffened under his touch. He lightly squeezed her nipples to
check for any discharge, first one and then the other. While manual expression
did not reveal any discharge, Dr. Wellhung did have another procedure to
perform. He got up and went to the table where the case containing his medical
instruments was. He returned to his patient with the first of many instruments
that he would be using.

Michelle had her eyes closed as she lay there and was not sure what to expect
next. She felt the doctor applying lotion around her nipple and then something
hard being placed over it. Then she heard a click and a soft humming sound.
Almost immediately she felt a tugging sensation there. Dr Wellhung was using a
breast pump, and the sensation as it sucked at her nipple was most noticeable.
He held the pump in place let it run and slowly cause her nipple to swell. At
the same time he used his other hand to stimulate her other nipple. Michelle was
becoming even more aroused. She was not aware of it but the Doctor did notice
that as he was checking for nipple discharge his patient had gradually opened
her legs and her hips were moving ever so slightly.

The breast pump the Doctor was using was adjusted at the minimum setting when he
started, and gradually he turned the power higher. Michelle's nipple was
becoming quite swollen and enlarged enough that it now filled the apex of the
clear plastic cup and was being drawn into the neck. The tip of her nipple was
fully erect and nearly twice the size of her other nipple (which was also erect
but not under suction). The doctor cycled the vacuum release button and observed
how her nipple was being suckled in and out of the neck. For a moment Michelle
raised her head and looked down at her nipples. She had felt the way the Doctor
had been manually expressing one breast and the pump was milking the other. She
could feel a tingling there in both nipples but was unable to see if there was
any lactation. Dr. Wellhung was also watching for the same and he did not see
it. A different approach was clearly necessary.

The Doctor used the vacuum release button again and removed the pump from
Michelle's left breast and switched it to the right side. Her left nipple was
still greatly engorged and pointing straight up. He leaned over and licked
around the bumpy edge of her areola and his patient gasped at the sensation. He
sucked her nipple in between his lips and began nursing from that stiff little
bud. She gasped again. While sucking and pumping her nipples the Doctor felt it
would be a good time to see if Michelle was showing additional signs of arousal.
He slipped his free hand down the soft skin of her quivering tummy and then over
the waistband of her panties and down the mound of her vulva.

Michelle opened her legs and slightly raised her hips to meet his touch. The
Doctor fingers found the indentation in the crotch of her panties that marked
the opening of her vagina. The fabric was very damp, nearly soaking. He rubbed
his finger there and she responded by opening her legs fully and slightly
gyrating her hips in time with his strokes. The doctor slipped his finger back
up the slick fabric, following the crease between her labia. He found her
clitoris, hard under the soft cotton. He rubbed his finger up and down the sides
of it, palpitating the root and she moaned in pleasure. As Dr. Wellhung
rhythmically stroked Michelle's clitoral shaft, he sucked even harder with his
lips on her nipple and cycled the vacuum release button, thus causing the
suction to milk her other nipple at the same time. Michelle's breathing became
faster and her hips moved sensually against his fingers.

The Doctor momentarily stopped sucking her throbbing nipple and moved to kiss
her again. This was no light touch of the lips, it was a deep and lustful kiss,
and his tongue probing into her most willingly opened mouth. At the same time
Dr. Wellhung did other probing. He slipped his hand under the waistband of
Michelle's panties, slid is fingers down between her silken inner labia and
inserted one fingertip into her vagina. She kissed him back even more
passionately. He felt how completely wet and accommodating her vagina was, and
he pushed his finger deeper inside. It was as if Michelle opened up down there,
and as soon as the Doctor's finger was well inside, she squeezed. He could feel
that Michelle's g-spot was extremely swollen and rough, and she was very
obviously bearing down to make it easier for him to rub that bulging bit of
tissue there inside her vagina. The Doctor slipped a second finger inside
Michelle's vagina and with both together he reached them just beyond her g-spot
and, applying a slight pressure up and out, he stroked it. The technique caused
intense stimulation of her g-spot and urethra at the same time. Michelle
involuntarily bucked her hips and her vagina clenched in spasms. The Doctor
could tell that Michelle was in the proper state of arousal to get the most out
her examination.

Just when a climax seemed imminent Dr. Wellhung removed his fingers from his
patient's vagina. Using both hands, he closed her legs and slipped her panties
down and off. He got up and placed them unfolded across the arm of the chair so
that the damp crotch area could dry. Then he went retrieve more items from his
case of medical equipment. This time the items he selected were for patient
control. Among other things, Michelle had told Dr. Wellhung that it was her
fantasy to be examined while restrained and blindfolded, helpless and vulnerable
and with the Doctor fully in control of what would be done to her.

It was Dr. Wellhung's responsibility to learn what would be the most exciting
for his patient, what specific procedures she really desired to have done, and
in what manner. Then he would do his best to be the Doctor she desired and
conduct her examination in accordance with her turn-ons and fantasies. A woman
might prefer a Doctor with a stern and commanding nature, quick to administer
discipline for any infraction. She might find excitement in the embarrassment of
being made to disrobe and the Doctor noticing (and of course pointing out) the
fact that her nipples were hard or she seemed to be experiencing an unusual
amount of vaginal secretions. A woman may wish to be blindfolded like Michelle,
or she may find arousal in watching the Doctor at work. She may want to
experience something rather different such as being catheterized or she may want
an examination during which she must bear uncomfortable procedures. She may want
extensive breast stimulation and induced lactation. She may crave being treated
as a submissive and naughty little slut and a plaything for the Doctor's
enjoyment. Dr. Wellhung was very astute and he took the time necessary to
understand his patients' mind before scheduling any examination of her body.

Michelle did want a full range of procedures, but nothing painful. She did not
want to be treated like a naughty girl or slut. She wanted to be teased, she
wanted to be controlled, and she wanted to be sexually gratified. She also
wanted her examination to be conducted with a focus on tenderness and
sensuality. Michelle thought that so far Dr. Wellhung was doing a very, very
good job at making her fantasies all come true. 

She was lying on the bed on her back and still breathing somewhat quickly. She
had kept her legs closed after the Doctor had removed her panties. That position
limited what the Doctor could see but that would not be the case for much
longer. He sat on the bed next to her and lifted her left wrist and fastened a
cuff around it. Michelle's heart rate jumped when she felt that.

Dr. Wellhung demonstrated the function to his patient.

"Now dear" he explained, "these cuffs are held closed with Velcro. There is a
tab here that you pull to release them."

He unwrapped the Velcro with its characteristic ripping sound and then
reattached it. "Now you try it" he told her. Michelle used her other hand and
unwrapped it herself. The Doctor wrapped it again. He continued, "The cuffs are
attached with these little spring loaded snap hooks. You could unlatch them
yourself. If the restraints get uncomfortable then you need to tell me and I
will readjust them or take them off. Now remember this Michelle, if you feel
panicky just say so and I will take these off immediately. Do you understand?"

"Yes Doctor." she replied.

"Alright then, I will finish getting you in position." he said and then he
leaned down and lifting each of her feet slightly and fastened another set of
Velcro cuffs around Michelle's ankles. Next Dr. Wellhung assembled the spreader
bar. It was another of his creations, made of chrome tubing with stainless steel
eyelets on the ends. He made it in two pieces so it would fit discretely in his
case. The two halves joined rigidly in the center and once together the spreader
bar would hold the patient's ankles fully 30" apart. The Doctor moved down to
the foot of the bed and attached the snap hook of one ankle cuff to one of the
eyelets of the spreader bar. Then he took hold of the snap hook on Michelle's
other ankle and spread her legs enough to fasten it to the other eyelet. 

This was the first time that Dr. Wellhung had a clear view of Michelle's vulva.
Her pubic hair was nicely full and a medium brown color. As her legs had opened
it revealed that Michelle had very well developed genitals. Her outer labia were
large and full. Her clitoral hood was apparent and the tip of her clitoral bud
was clearly visible. Her inner labia were also prominent and had parted
slightly. They were glistening wet with her vaginal secretions.

Dr. Wellhung now grasped Michelle's ankles and moved them further up the bed,
thus raising her knees. He reached and took hold of the snap hook around her
left wrist and pulled it down until he could snap it to the ring on the cuff of
her left ankle. He did the same with her right wrist and ankle. This left
Michelle very effectively immobilized and her crotch area completely accessible.

Dr. Wellhung got up off the bed and then leaned over his bound patient and again
kissed her. She had the urge to put her arms around him but she could not do so.
In fact, she could not do anything. The feeling of helplessness and
vulnerability was incredible! The Doctor ended their kiss and the last thing
that he did was to use a hand to slightly lift her head from the pillow. He put
a black satin blindfold over her eyes. Michelle's world went dark. 

Michelle was restrained in a position that was reasonably close to that of a
woman on a real gynecological examination table. Her knees were raised and her
legs were held apart as effectively as if she were in stirrups. Her pubic area
was fully accessible. There was one last matter to attend to. With her wrists
and ankles attached together it had pulled the spreader bar up tight against
Michelle's bottom. Dr. Wellhung took a pillow and folded a towel over double on
top of it and told Michelle to lift up while he slipped them under her buttocks.
This raised her pelvis enough so that the chrome tube was no longer in the way.
Now her anus was as accessible as her vagina. The Doctor stood for a moment and
admired his work, and was extremely pleased. The black satin blindfold
contrasted nicely with Michelle's shoulder-length dark blonde and highlighted
hair and the black blindfold, black cuffs and chrome spreader bar had a
distinctly SM-like appearance. On the whole, Michelle looked very beautiful and
exceptionally erotic. Geeze, he loved his work!

With the blindfold covering her eyes, now the Doctor was free to get some light
on the subject. He turned on the overhead light, turned on the two lamps beside
the bed and he turned on a lamp in the corner as well. Then he went to the table
where his case was and unfolded a towel there and began removing and preparing
his medical equipment. On the towel he laid out four different speculums, a
digital thermometer, several vaginal and anal plugs, a black inflatable plug
with squeeze bulb, a pocket rocket and an insertable vibrator, a sealed bag with
sterile catheters, a penlight, the rectal probe, an enema kit, a douche kit,
several different types of lubricant, a pack of moist wipes, and various
attachments. The Doctor checked to be sure that all the battery-powered
implements were working, and he was pleased that as usual everything worked
perfectly. Finally the Doctor took the breast pump he had been using earlier and
he assembled a clear vinyl tube into the neck of the nipple cup. A soft silicon
rubber cap was fit over the end of the tube. Then he went into the bathroom and
washed his hands thoroughly. When he returned the Doctor was ready to begin his
examination of Michelle's pelvic area.

Doctor Wellhung sat on the foot of the bed. He began by placing his hand on
Michelle's tummy just above her pubic bone and gently pressing in to feel for
any enlargement of her ovaries or womb. Despite not being formally trained the
Doctor did have a reasonable amount of medical knowledge, and he also knew his
patient. Michelle had been extremely apprehensive so the Doctor was taking care
not to move forward too quickly. He was giving her a chance to get used to the
feel of his hands on her again prior to more intimate contact. After a few
moments he then slipped both his hands down to the inside of her thighs and
moved them in to open Michelle's labia for a visual examination.

When the Doctor spread Michelle's full outer labia, her inner ones flowered open
as well. He had a most intimate view of the structures within. Michelle's
vaginal introitus was not fully closed. The pink bulge of her still swollen
g-spot was evident just inside. Just above her vaginal opening the Doctor could
see the little slit that marked the opening of her urethra. Her clitoris was
prominent and it was still in an erect state with the little pearly pink end
projecting from her hood. Her inner labia were dark pink and engorged. Dr.
Wellhung slipped his hands a bit lower and spread her again. The lower position
of his fingertips caused her vagina to open even more and he could see somewhat
inside. He parted her cheeks and saw that Michelle's anus was smooth and
somewhat darker than the skin of her inner cheeks. She was not clenched and had
responded to his spreading by relaxing and allowing her anus to be opened ever
so slightly. It was wet with the secretions from her vagina. Overall, the Doctor
thought that Michelle's pelvic area had a very attractive and womanly appearance
and she showed very obvious signs of sexual arousal.

Dr. Wellhung used KY Liquid to lubricate Michelle's clitoral area. He carefully
avoided touching the little turgid bud itself but did apply the lubricant all
around it. Then he took the breast pump and placed the soft silicon rubber cup
over her clitoris and turned it on at a medium setting. Slowly the suction had
its effect. Michelle's clitoris began to swell and lengthen. The Doctor always
marveled at how big a woman's clitoris would become as the vacuum worked it
magic. Bit by bit that little organ was filling the vinyl tube. He briefly
touched the vacuum release button and it retracted slightly. Again he let the
vacuum build and now increased the setting to full. Michelle gasped and her hips
twitched. Below the pump sucking at her clitoris a single translucent whitish
drip of her feminine secretions emerged from her vaginal opening. The drip grew
and then slowly crept downward to wet her anus.

Doctor Wellhung let the pump work on Michelle's clitoris for a good five minutes
and in that time he cycled the vacuum as if it was mechanically nursing her
clitoris. By the time he finally hit the vacuum release button for the last time
and removed the pump Michelle's clitoris was hugely engorged and Michelle was
straining against her cuffs with the need for a climax. The Doctor knew just
what it would take to send her over the edge. He moved his face very close to
Michelle's quivering vulva and breathed lightly - directly on the swollen tip of
her clitoris. Her hips bucked. Doctor Wellhung licked the end of her clitoris.
Michelle went over the edge and a shattering orgasm exploded from her groin. 

The Doctor did not let her recover. We did not let her come down. When he felt
the first wave of spasms subside he inserted a finger into her vagina and rubbed
her g-spot and she went off again, gasping and laughing/crying from the
intensity. Her vaginal spasms finally stopped and so Dr. Wellhung took her
clitoris in between his lips and sucked and took her to never-never land again.
Each time the greatest intensity of her climax would pass the Doctor did
something to push her back up again. He rubbed the side of her clitoral shaft
while spearing his tongue into her vaginal opening. She came. He licked just
above her vagina, stimulating her urethral opening and she came again. He used
two fingers to stroke up and down the length of her clitoral shaft and she came.
He licked the swollen tip of it again while rubbing a finger over her wet anus
and another climax washed over her. He slowly inserted a finger into her anus
and she came yet again. Whether these were multiple orgasms or a single long
orgasm with multiple peaks was irrelevant. His patient was responding very well
to treatment.

Dr. Wellhung kept his patient in the orgasmic state until she was cried out
"enough". He stopped to let her rest and got up and kissed her. She could not
much kiss back as she was gasping for air. The Doctor went to the table and
selected several instruments for the next procedure. When he returned he saw
that in her throes of ecstasy Michelle's blindfold had become slightly askew. He
fixed that for her. He resumed his position at the foot of the bed. He noted
that her clitoris has still slightly swollen but mostly returned to its normal
erect size. Her entire vulva was glistening with her juices and there was a
small wet spot on the towel under her.

Dr. Wellhung used his fingers and opened Michelle's labia. He upended the bottle
of KY Liquid and dripped some onto and the opening of her vagina. Some ran
inside. He gently inserted the Collins speculum. The feeling of the cool metal
entering her must have been shocking because Michelle moaned slightly. Then the
Doctor remembered that in one of her earlier letters she had written about
imagining how that would feel. He realized that she had moaned because of
finally feeling what she had imagined countless times. The Doctor began turning
the little thumbscrew that opened the blades. A Collins speculum spreads
horizontally. The blades are attached at the bottom and open at the top. The
spreading of her labia accentuated her clitoris and the little pink bud was
still quite engorged and projecting from its hood. As he opened the blades
further he could see deeper and deeper into her vagina. Her cervix came into
view, a dark pink little dome deep inside. 

Dr. Wellhung used his penlight to examine her internally. The tissues inside her
vagina were firm and a healthy shade of pink. They were also very wet. A clear
white mixture of the KY and her vaginal secretions had accumulated at the bottom
and there was so much that it that it almost seemed as if her cervix was
floating in it. He g-spot was a prominent bulge on the top wall of her vaginal
barrel, just inside the opening. Just above her vaginal introitus, Michelle's
urethral opening was visible. That reminded the Doctor that he had forgotten to
take her temperature! Now he had a dilemma. The hinge of the speculum blocked
access to his patient's anus and her vagina was far to open for a vaginal
temperature reading. He would have to take her temperature urethrally. Dr.
Wellung took a moistened wipe and lightly cleaned the area. Then he opened the
little case and removed the digital basal thermometer. It was pre-sterilized and
unbreakable and the tip was small and rounded, perfect for his purposes. He
opened a fresh tube of KY and squeezed a bit of the gel on the tip or the
thermometer and then a little more gel directly on that tiny little opening. The
Doctor turned the thermometer on and carefully inserted the tip into Michelle's
urethra. 

Michelle had no idea of what was coming. Suddenly she felt something being
inserted in a place that she had not been expecting. It was an entirely
different sensation, not painful at all, but certainly noticeable. The tip was a
constant small diameter about the size of a regular glass thermometer for a
length of about an inch long. Then it gradually tapered larger to the size of
the body of the thermometer. The Doctor wanted a good internal temperature
reading and slipped the tip fully inside Michelle's urethra. It felt strangely
erotic to Michelle as it slipped deeper into her urethra. He held it there until
it beeped and he noted 99.8, which was within the normal range for a woman in a
sexually aroused state. He momentarily let go of the thermometer and it stayed
in place. Michelle had a small urethra. If he were to catheterize her he would
probably need to use a size FR8 or FR10. "Damn" he thought; all he had was a
FR12 and FR16.

Dr. Wellhung took a small soft vibrator and turned it on. It hummed softly. He
introduced it into the opening of the speculum and let it essentially slide into
place so the end was resting and vibrating on Michelle's cervix. The vibrator
was nearly all the way inside her. The base hummed against her g-spot. It did
not take long at all before Michelle was again responding with a familiar
rocking of her hips. Doctor Wellhung also noted that her clitoris and nipples
were both erect again. 

Soon Dr. Wellhung could tell that Michelle was again approaching a climax. He
selected another of his instruments that he was sure would push her over the
edge. It was a battery powered electric toothbrush, the children's type with the
very soft bristles. When it was applied to a woman's clitoris the effect was
devastating. However, before he could even use it she began climaxing yet again.
When she came she bucked her hips. The muscles of her tummy clenched. Her
fingers gripped the sheets and her anus clenched too. Undoubtedly, her vagina
would be clenching as well, but the speculum prevented that. The Doctor did not
stimulate her further at that point. He left the vibrator in place and waited
until Michelle's spasms had stopped and residual aftershocks were all that was
left. Then he very carefully touched the spinning bristles to the very tip of
Michelle's clitoris. She thrust her hips upwards and came all over again. The
Doctor smiled and thought that it must have been another real good one because
she was laughing/crying again.  

The Doctor kept the brush there just barely touching her clitoris until Michelle
had been in climax for at least three or four minutes continuously. Then he let
her catch her breath. He removed the thermometer and he grasped the base of the
small vibrator and removed it from the speculum. He used the penlight and noted
that Michelle had even more feminine secretions pooled at the bottom of her
vagina. He also marveled at how engorged her g-spot was. That most sensitive
area was very visibly swollen and projecting down between the rounded stainless
steel blades of the speculum. Dr. Wellhung gently pushed the speculum inside
until it was again fully seated and the flared ends of the blades were pressed
against her labia. Her g-spot was right there now, extremely accessible. He
barely needed to insert his finger to touch it. It felt it firm and somewhat
rough as he gently rubbed it. To Michelle it felt incredible. The stimulation
was so focused; just her g-spot and nowhere else. She felt the tingling and
warmth building in her genitals yet again. Her hands closed into fists and she
needed to cum so bad it was driving her crazy. She was desperate for the Doctor
to do something to take her there again. In her mind she was screaming "Lick my
clit!" but she could not say the words. Then just as she was at the very brink,
teetering over the abyss of pleasure, the Doctor stopped rubbing her g-spot.

"Oh no don't stop now!" she gasped.

Then she felt something that drove her even crazier. She felt the Doctor's warm
breath INSIDE her vagina. Every nerve was alive. Electricity built in her loins
and coursed through her body. She leaned impossibly far over the abyss... but
could not fall! The muscles in her thighs, her calves, and her stomach were all
rigid in anticipation.

When Michelle felt the tip of the Doctor's tongue touch her g-spot she totally
lost it. It was as if the rope holding her from going over had been cut. When
she felt him start to lick her there, inside her vagina, she was not just
falling any more, she was being blasted down into the abyss as if there was a
rocket strapped to her back. The electricity she felt before became a lighting
bolt. It started in her vagina and hit inside the top of her head. He licked and
the lightning kept coming, a lightning bolt that did not stop. Every muscle in
her body contracted at once just as surely as if she had been struck by a
million volts of electricity. She felt like she was inside an explosion.
Michelle saw stars, her mind went blank and she came as close as humanly
possible to passing out. 

The orgasm finally passed and Michelle went completely limp. She sobbed softly.
Dr. Wellhung closed the blades of the speculum and withdrew it slowly and
carefully as not to pinch her. Even with the speculum removed, the opening of
Michelle's vagina gaped enough that her cervix was still visible. She was well
dilated, but the Doctor knew that she could take more. He selected another
implement. This one was an inflatable buttplug. He had other devices that he
preferred for anal dilation, and he reserved this one for vaginal use
exclusively.

The plug was made of black rubber with a short hose and squeeze-type inflation
bulb. There was a little valve that released the air pressure. Dr. Wellhung
closed the valve and squeezed the bulb twice to give the plug enough firmness so
he could insert it. He lubricated it with KY and gently pushed it fully into
Michelle's vagina. Only the base flange with the protruding hose remained
outside. He began squeezing the bulb and counting the squeezes. At first his
patient did not react. Being blindfolded prevented her from knowing each new
instrument the Doctor was using. She could only feel what was being done and
from the sensations she was feeling try to derive what instrument the Doctor was
using.

This was something entirely different, a slowly building feeling of pressure and
fullness inside her vagina. By the time the Doctor had squeezed the bulb eight
additional times Michelle was feeling very full indeed. She could not know that
the plug was now inflated to the shape of a small football with a biggest
diameter of almost three inches. Even at the base flange the thing had her
vaginal opening stretched to almost two inches diameter! The Doctor squeezed the
bulb again making it eleven squeezes total and Michelle groaned. Besides her
groan he knew that she was really being filled because it was getting harder to
squeeze the bulb. He could also see that now Michelle's vulva was beginning to
bulge from the huge object now filling her vaginal canal. The Doctor slowly
squeezed the bulb a twelfth time.

"Stop! Stop! Stop!" Michelle cried. She couldn't take it. Her vagina felt so
full it had begun to hurt.

Immediately Dr. Wellhung opened the valve and the plug deflated with a hiss of
escaping air pressure. He pulled on the hose and the mostly deflated plug
slipped out of Michelle's vagina. The plug had returned to it's normal
uninflated shape, but her vagina did not react as quickly. Her labia had
remained apart and between those swollen folds of tissue her vaginal opening was
a gaping dark pink hole big enough to drop a Ping-Pong ball through! Dr.
Wellhung noted that Michelle had been able to take the plug inflated to eleven
squeezes of the bulb and twelve was too much. Dr. Wellhung let all remaining air
out of the valve and then closed it tightly and pumped the plug back up to eight
squeezes. It again resembled a small black football, with a diameter of over two
inches - and it was slick with his patient's juices. Slick but not slick enough
the Doctor thought and he squeezed more of the KY Liquid over it.

Michelle's gaping vagina had begun to close, but not yet fully. Dr. Wellhung
positioned the pointy end of the plug and with a slow but steady push he
reinserted it into his patient. Even though it was not nearly as large as it had
been at maximum inflation this time he was inserting it pre-inflated. When it
passed through Michelle's vaginal opening it was still much bigger around than
the initial insertion and she felt very stretched. Once it was inside she felt
it slowly expand yet again as the Doctor slowly squeezed the bulb twice more,
inflating it to ten squeezes total. This was slightly less than the size she had
tolerated before, but nonetheless it felt huge in her vaginal canal. Again her
vulva was bulging outward somewhat, her labia were held apart and inside her
there was a steady pressure applied to her g-spot.

Then Michelle heard a new buzzing sound. She suspected a vibrator of some sort,
and she was correct. Dr. Wellhung had selected a Pocket Rocket clitoral
stimulator for his next procedure. He had an objective in mind. He was going to
make Michelle climax again, but this time something would be different. He knew
that when Michelle had an orgasm she experienced very strong vaginal
contractions. Her contractions would tend to expel the plug. However, it would
not be easy because it had been inflated to eight squeezes when going in, but
now it was at ten. Pushing the widest part of the plug out through her vaginal
opening would mean that Michelle would experience a degree of vaginal dilation
much greater than before when the Doctor had used the speculum inside her. It
would be like getting fisted in reverse. It would be akin to the birthing
process!

Dr. Wellhung knew better than to immediately touch the powerful little vibrator
right there to the tip of Michelle's throbbing clitoris. Instead he used it more
along the sides of her hood, pushing firmly enough so that she could feel it in
the shaft and even the root. He used the vibrator below her clitoris, up and
down the insides of her silken labia. He also used a finger below her vagina,
first rubbing her perineum and then circling her anal bud, and then finally
rubbing directly on her tender anus. Gradually and teasingly he brought his
patient ever closer to yet another climax. She began to show the signs that she
was close, the twitching of her thigh muscles, the ragged gasps of breath. The
Doctor maintained a steady stimulation of her clitoral shaft and her anus. Her
anus was very slick with her secretions and it would have been easy to penetrate
her but he did not insert his finger again; he just rubbed the opening
externally.

Closer and closer she came to climaxing. Michelle had begun thrusting her pelvis
upward. Her mouth was opened and she was moaning again. The Doctor maintained a
steady pace with the vibrator up and down the sides of her clitoral hood and his
finger massaging her anus. He could see the stomach muscles tightening and the
bulging of her vulva became more obvious. He felt her anus clenching at his
fingertip. She was going through pre-orgasmic contractions. The base flange of
the plug was now visible moving in a rhythmic in and out manner as the
contractions got stronger. Michelle's clitoris was fully erect and projecting
from its hood. The Doctor rubbed the vibrator up and down the length of
Michelle's clitoral hood, stimulating that stiff little buried shaft from the
root almost to its tip.

She was ready and it was time to let her go. Dr. Wellhung simultaneously pushed
his fingertip into Michelle's anus and touched the buzzing little vibrator to
the end of Michelle's clitoris. Michelle gasped and began orgasming. The Doctor
kept a steady pressure on her clitoris and pushed his fingertip a little bit
deeper into her clenching anus. He could feel every squeeze and they were hard
squeezes indeed. He could also see that Michelle's stomach muscles had visibly
tightened and her vulva was really bulging now.

"Push it out. You can do it!" he urged her.

"Uuuuugggghhhh!!!" she moaned with the strain of her exertions and the intensity
of her climax.

Inexorably slowly the huge black plug began to emerge from Michelle's birth
canal. As it did so her labia were separated even wider and the pink tissues of
vaginal opening were taught against slick black rubber stretching them so open.
The plug emerged almost to the widest diameter but did not come out. Michelle
gasped and momentarily relaxed slightly between spasms. When she did so pressure
of her vaginal contractions suddenly lessened and the plug appeared to be
somewhat sucked back into her vagina. The Doctor had maintained the clitoral and
anal stimulation and when the end of the plug again touched her cervix another
wave of climax hit his patient like a Mack truck. She squeezed. She pushed. She
felt a stretching of her vagina like she had not felt since her last child was
born. The tension there, the pressure and the stretching only increased the
intensity of her orgasm. Just when she thought that she could take no more the
thickest part of the plug passed through her formerly tight hole. The huge plug
shot out of her body with a "pop" sound and left her feeling suddenly
astoundingly empty.

Michelle looked as empty as she felt. In fact it was easy to see that there was
nothing in her vagina. The Doctor did not need a speculum or even a penlight.
His patient was so dilated that he could see fully into her vagina. The hole
that had earlier gaped large enough to accept a Ping-Pong ball now looked like
it could take a tennis ball! Before she could close up again Dr. Wellhung pushed
the still inflated plug back in, all the way in to the flange. It went in quite
easily and that was amazing considering that it was inflated to almost three
inches diameter. Michelle gasped at the unexpected intrusion. The Doctor pulled
the plug completely back out. Again and again Dr. Wellhung used the plug like a
dildo; literally fucking it in and out of his patient's greatly loosened vagina.

It only took a few seconds of that to bring her to orgasm again. He fucked her
with the plug and she actually thrust herself back against it. She was now
taking it over and over again through her vaginal opening inflated to a size
just one pump short of the maximum she could bear internally before. Without
interrupting the strokes in and out the Doctor gave the bulb a half squeeze. She
was still taking it and aggressively at that, thrusting herself back against it.
Another half squeeze, that made a total of eleven now. Even though he had some
considerable experience in these matters, the Doctor was amazed at her vaginal
elasticity. Such a petite woman taking such a huge object.

But she could not take it for long and she finally gasped "enough!"

It wasn't so much the stretching that got her as it was the orgasm. Her thighs
and her stomach muscles were cramped. Her chest was damp with sweat. Her crotch
throbbed. She needed a break and she told the Doctor so. That was fine with him,
he did have some preparations to make.

The first thing the Doctor did was release the snap hooks that held the spreader
bar. Then he undid the ones attaching Michelle's wrists to her ankles. He
removed the cuffs as well, as much to give her a chance to stretch her muscles
as in preparation what the next procedure. Michelle lay back on the bed, legs
finally straight again. She didn't bother trying to close them demurely because
the Doctor had already seen everything. She thought that he had probably even
seen more than her regular gynecologist had. The it occurred to her how strange
it might feel the next time she went in for her bi-annual exam. Other thoughts
ran through her mind. The Doctor had got up off the bed and she heard him doing
something. She was still blindfolded and unable to see so she wondered what
would be next. She wondered when she would get to see everything of his. Thus
far, he had remained dressed in a hospital scrub shirt and black dress pants.
She wondered how it would feel to make love with him. She wondered how many
orgasms she had. She wondered what time it was; in all honesty she did not have
the faintest idea. She wondered how long the throbbing in her vagina and
tingling in her clitoris would last.

Michelle felt the bed move when the Doctor returned. He leaned over and kissed
her again and told her how gorgeous she looked. This time she was able to put
her arms around him and pulled him close for a nice long passionate kiss. She
thought that he really was a very good kisser. While they kissed she ran her
hand down his back and wanted to go even further down, to feel his ass, or to
feel the bulge in his crotch. Despite who knows how many orgasms Michelle still
felt very aroused.

"There are several more procedures left to be done my dear" Dr. Wellhung said.

Michelle answered "Alright" and expected that he would be putting her back in
the restraints, but he did not do so. Instead he reached for her glass and
helped her sip more of the wine. He sat next to her for a while, caressing her.
He would lightly run his fingers across her skin, down her arm, her leg, over
her breasts, across her stomach, through her pubic hair. Despite the fact that
her legs were quite open he did not touch her there between them. She wished
that he would. He did however lean over and she felt his tongue lightly lick
around the edges of her nipple. She felt it stiffen immediately. He sucked it
lightly and she sighed "Mmmmmmmmmmm" with the sensuous pleasure of feeling his
mouth on her again.

"Michelle" he told her, "I am going to be removing my pants how".

"Mmmmmmmmmm" she answered, now really wondering what would be next.

In a moment she felt him sit down on the bed again. She wondered if he had taken
off everything. He kissed her again and she took the opportunity to do some
examining herself. When she put her arm around him she felt that he still had
the scrub shirt on but when she slipped her hand lower she felt nothing except
bare skin. The thoughts that came to mind were instantly arousing. It was also
arousing how the Doctor had lifted her chin and kissed her neck, and then lower
yet, right between her breasts. She was definitely enjoying this procedure.

Dr. Wellhung kissed Michelle's nipples, stopping briefly to suckle those stiff
little buds as well. He kissed the underside of her breasts. He kissed her tummy
too, then even lower, along the top of her pubic hair. Then she felt him move,
get up off the bed and then get back on again at the foot between her most
enthusiastically opened legs. That was where she felt his lips next, the inside
of her ankle where the Doctor had kissed to spot where the cuff had been.
Michelle's craving and anticipation grew when she felt his lips moving further
up, to the inside of her calf, inside her knee, inside her thigh. She felt his
fingers gently spread her labia and then she felt what all that anticipation and
craving was about. The Doctor kissed her clitoris and then he closed his lips
over it and began to suck on it as he had sucked on her nipple minutes before.
Michelle loved the sensations. She loved it more when she felt him insert his
fingers into her vagina and stroke her g-spot in time with his nursing of her
clitoris. It only took a couple minutes before she felt the heat building there
between her legs again.

"Don't stop" she implored him.

The doctor did not stop. He sucked and he rubbed and pleasured his dear patient
orally and digitally. He did not stop when he felt ver vagina squeeze down hard
on his finger and her thighs close to clench his head between them. He did not
stop when she cried out in passion and lust and thrust her vulva upward toward
his searching tongue. He did not stop when he tasted her passion and lust,
womanly and fragrant on his tongue. He did not stop until her legs loosened
their grip on him. Then he did stop.

Michelle lay there again in bliss, slowly coming back from her never-never land.
She vaguely felt him get up and then return to the foot of the bed. She did not
resist when he placed his hands under her knees and lift them. She obligingly
pulled her feet back to the position in which she had previously been
restrained. However, this time the Doctor coaxed her legs even higher, up to her
chest. Michelle pulled them up and used her hands to help keep them fully raised
like that. She briefly thought about how fully exposed she must look. The doctor
briefly thought about how she had told him of her masturbating in this position
with her knees up to her chest. It was an arousing thought. Perhaps he should
make her demonstrate her technique? No, not now, there were other things to do
first.

Michelle felt a cool slippery lubricant being applied to her anus. She was
highly sensitive there and it felt good. It was very stimulating, not only
physically but mentally as well. The Doctor was teasing her most private spot,
doing as he pleased with her. All her openings were available for his pleasure.
Nothing was taboo, even back there, even IN there, she thought when she felt his
well lubricated fingertip push inside. The previous times he had only inserted
his fingertip, and only deep enough to barely pass through her inner sphincter
muscle. This time he went further. He slowly pushed the whole length of his
finger through that muscle and inside her rectum. Then he withdrew it, added
more of the thick lubricant and did it again. She wondered what he would do
next. Was he lubricating her anus in preparation for putting his cock inside?
The thought both thrilled and scared her.

Moments later she had her answer. She felt something hard, smaller and more
rounded back there. She felt it enter her. Slowly it went deeper into her
rectum, even deeper than his finger had been. The Doctor had inserted a douche
nozzle into his patient's luscious little anus. Watching that slick white
plastic nozzle slowly disappear into her enticing little opening was hugely
arousing for him and his cock was fully erect for what seemed like the hundredth
time today. The nozzle was attached to a silicon rubber hose. The hose was
attached to a red rubber enema bag, filled with almost two quarts of lukewarm
water and held high in his other hand. Only the little flange at the base of the
nozzle remained visible now. He momentarily released his grip on the nozzle and
was pleased to see that it stayed in place in Michelle's rectum.

Michelle was not positive what the doctor had inserted up her anus. She thought
that he might be preparing to give her an enema, but before when she had been
given an enema in the hospital the nozzles had always been much smaller. The
feeling of the warm water suddenly gushing into her bowels dispelled all doubt.
She gasped at the sensation. Not only was the doctor giving her an enema, he was
gently stroking the nozzle in and out a little, further heightening the
sensation. The other sensation that she felt was one of increasing fullness in
her tummy.

"Can you feel it going in Michelle?" the Doctor asked her.

"Oh yes" she said softly.

"You're not too full are you?" he asked briefly pinching the hose to stop the
flow.

"No, not yet" Michelle answered. She felt the flow resume, and the sensation of
fullness inside became more pronounced. She had no idea how much was in her but
she could tell that this was not one those little 4.5oz disposable enemas.

She was correct. Dr. Wellhung gave his patient nearly half the bag before
closing the clamp on the hose. Then he slowly withdrew the nozzle. The sight of
it emerging from her body doubly aroused him. Just a few drops of water leaked
from her lovely little anus when the rounded end of the nozzle finally slipped
out. Once it was withdrawn the Doctor got up and took the enema kit to the
bathroom and hung the bag from its hook over the shower curtain rod.

When he returned he saw that his patient had remained in position, holding her
knees up to her chest. She looked soooooo hot. Just as she had thought, she was
indeed very fully exposed. Both her openings were clearly visible. And even more
exciting, she showed visible signs of arousal. Her clitoris was erect and her
inner labia swollen and flowered open. The Doctor sat on the bed next to her. He
told her that she could lower her legs, and she did until her feet were on the
bed, but she kept her knees up and her legs still apart. The doctor lightly
touched rubbed her tummy and asked if she felt full. She said that she did feel
full. He bent over and found her soft lips again and they kissed, long and
passionately, and while doing that the Doctor slid his hand down through her
hair and very lightly stroked her clitoris and between her warm and wet labia.

When the kiss ended Michelle almost whispered "I want to feel you inside me."

"Not yet dear, soon" Dr Wellhung answered and kissed her lightly on the lips
again. He wanted to feel himself inside her every bit as much as she wanted it.
However, there was the quart of water that she was holding in her bowels to
consider. This was the first time he had given her an enema and they were on the
only bed in the hotel room. He knew that she had very strong orgasms and the
urge to expel might come suddenly. So, instead of indulging their present
desires, the Doctor felt it would be better to wait until she was not so full
inside. He did however pass the time my gently caressing her, enjoying the feel
and look of her lovely body, and the pleasure of more kisses. Finally, he
decided that she had held the water inside her long enough.

He lifted her head slightly and removed her blindfold and told her, "Michelle,
it's time to go let that all out. Let me help you up".

She opened her eyes and was momentarily blinded by the light after being in
total darkness for so long. She sat up. Dr. Wellhung stood and extended his hand
to help her to her feet. She saw that now he was fully undressed. He was also
fully erect. She stood but was wobbly for a minute as a result of all the
orgasms, being restrained for so long, and also the fullness in her tummy. The
Doctor held her until she could see and walk and then he led her to the
bathroom. She sat on the toilet, feeling a considerable need to expel but Dr.
Wellhung told her to hold it a bit longer. He reached for the hose, which he had
earlier draped over the shower curtain rod. It was a long hose, much longer than
the cheap plastic hose that originally came with the enema kit.

Dr. Wellhung held the nozzle over the bathtub and momentarily opened the clip to
purge the air from the hose. He knelt next to the toilet and reached behind his
patient and gently reinserted the nozzle into her rectum. He released the clip
and then using his other hand, he began stroking her clitoris. The remaining
quart of water flowed into Michelle's bowels while the Doctor masturbated her. A
little bit of the water was leaking out from around the nozzle but the majority
was going in. Just as the bag was collapsing empty Dr. Wellhung felt his dear
patient shudder again. He knew she was starting yet another climax. He gently
slipped the nozzle from her anus and heard that she was starting to expel more
earnestly.

"Dear, I will let you finish in privacy" he said and then closing the bathroom
door behind him he returned to the bedroom where he spent the time straightening
up and placing a few yet unused instruments out on the table.

Several minutes later Michelle returned. She looked at him sheepishly. He
wondered if she felt embarrassed. She sat on the bed. He told her to turn over
and lay on her stomach. She did so and then the Doctor slipped the towel-covered
pillow back under her hips. He took the cuffs and he secured them around her
ankles. He attached the spreader bar. Michelle lay there on her stomach, her
legs spread and held open. The feeling of helplessness and vulnerability
returned.

The Doctor helped her to relax again by sitting next to her and rubbing her back
and shoulders. He helped her to become aroused again by touching her down there
between her opened legs. Then he knelt there between her thighs and he used his
fingers to open her labia. He could not reach her clitoris with his tongue in
that position, but he most certainly could reach her vaginal opening. He licked
her there, up and down between her soft and damp inner lips, there at the
opening of her vagina, there inside her vagina. She was moaning softly with the
pleasure of his mouth on her genitals. She was definitely becoming aroused as
well. She pushed back against him, lifting her hips slightly to meet his tongue.
The Doctor continued to pleasure her, and although he could not reach her
clitoris with he tongue he could reach other places.

Michelle sighed when she felt his fingers spreading her cheeks and his hot
breath there between them. She sighed when she felt his tongue again lightly
caressing her perineum. She gasped at the first touch of his tongue even further
back between her opened cheeks. He was driving her crazy now. She was tingling
back there. He was teasing her to an incredible level. So, so close she felt his
tongue. In her mind she was begging him to please lick her back there, but she
could not make herself say it. Instead she endured the teasing, the sweetest of
all possible tortures. Then she felt him move upward behind her, felt him kiss
her on her tailbone. The Doctor knew what his patient wanted. He traced his
tongue down between her spread cheeks, starting just at the beginning of her
crack and then ever so slowly down, down, all the way down.

When the Doctor's tongue touched Michelle's tender little anus she gasped and
flinched but she did not pull away. On the contrary, she raised her hips back to
give him better access. He pleasured her more there, and he teased her, and he
made her so fantastically aroused that she absolutely had to have him.

"I really want you inside me now" Michelle begged him again.

This time Dr. Wellhung had no reservations. He knelt behind his dear patient. As
she lay there with her legs held open and her pelvis elevated by the pillow, he
positioned the head of his cock between her labia and he took her vaginally. On
her Medical History Form there was an area for Consent to Treatment. One of the
procedures was "Vaginal Penile Capacity Evaluation?" and her selection was "(x)
authorized". With one slow but steady thrust the Doctor determined that this
petite woman's vaginal penile capacity was at least equal to the entire length
and thickness of his own penis. She took every inch - and damn, did it ever feel
fantastic to finally be inside her! If felt fantastic for the both of them. The
Doctor evaluated her vaginal penile capacity with long deep strokes over and
over until he felt those spasms that he had become so familiar with. The
sensation for him was remarkable. It felt as if her vagina was milking his cock
when she came. She was lubricating so copiously that her womanly fluids wet his
balls. She came and she squeezed and he thrust in and out as she did. He felt
her rough and swollen g-spot rub the underside of his cock with each stroke. He
felt her grinding her cervix back against his cockhead when he penetrated her
fully. He saw her vagina again gaping most invitingly when he finally withdrew.

Michelle lay there basking in the aftershocks and Dr. Wellhung got up and got
the last few yet unused instruments. He returned to his most willing and
incredibly sexy patient. He told her to reach back and spread her cheeks and she
did so. The Doctor took a small jar of petroleum jelly and applied some thickly
to her anus. He used a fingertip and pushed a little bit inside her. He had
various instruments suitable for an internal rectal examination and he had
chosen to use a rectal speculum this time. He lubricated the blades. This was a
stainless steel instrument and it had three blades that when closed formed a
little round-nosed cylinder smaller than a typical cigar tube.

With Michelle still holding her cheeks apart Dr. Wellhung gently eased the
speculum into her anus. Then he squeezed the handles a little. That caused the
blades to spread apart equally. This was a procedure that had to be done slowly
and in small steps. As the blades spread a thumbscrew was used to hold their
position. The Doctor took his time gently opening Michelle's anus ever wider. He
would lightly stroke her labia and clitoris between adjustments. He did not
attempt to cause her to climax as the speculum was quite rigid and clenching
spasms might be painful to her. Besides his goal was to gently dilate her anus
in preparation for when he would eventually perform the (also authorized) Rectal
Penile Capacity Evaluation.

Michelle tolerated the procedure without complaint or indicating any pain. The
Doctor had taken about five minutes to open her anus to a diameter that was
roughly equal to the thickness of his cock. This was a good indication that she
would be able to take it in her anus as well. When fully opened she could feel
the coolness of the air inside her rectum. The Doctor could see that the enema
had worked well and her rectal cavity was clean inside. He took the bottle of KY
Liquid and opened it and squirted a bit directly inside Michelle's opened rear
passage, lubricating her internally and causing her to moan softly at the
feeling of the cool liquid on her warm tissues. Then he slowly unscrewed the
adjustment screw and let the blades close, not fully so as to prevent pinching,
but enough that he could slip the instrument from her anus without discomfort. 

One last instrument remained to be used. Dr. Wellhung got up and put the anal
speculum away and returned with the rectal probe. He turned the knob on the base
of the vibrating end and it buzzed to life. He assembled the plastic over the
vibrating end and then lubricated the end and about half the length of the tube
with petroleum jelly. Michelle was no longer blindfolded but she did have her
eyes closed. When she felt the rounded end of the probe buzzing against her
sensitive anus she was not aware of how deeply it would be going inside her. It
felt nice back there. The vibrations were stimulating for her. It was not too
big around to be at all uncomfortable as her Doctor inserted it. It even felt
pretty good as the vibrating end passed in through her anal ring. It looked more
than "pretty good" to Doctor Wellhung. In fact, as he gently eased the probe
into Michelle's rectum it was so arousing for him that his balls literally
ached. Inch by inch he fed the black rubber tubing into the restrained woman's
anus. As before, he was lightly stroking her vulva to maintain her state of
arousal. However, this time she was much more responsive because probe had
intensely stimulating effects as well.

Dr. Wellhung was very careful as he continued to ease the probe into his
patient. He added lubricant around her anus, as he felt necessary. When he
encountered resistance with it about six inches inside he knew that he had
reached the juncture where her rectum transitioned to her bowels. He turned the
probe slightly and felt the resistance become less. This meant that the
vibrating tip had entered her bowels proper. He had almost ten inches of the
probe inserted when Michelle softly said "ouch". No doubt the vibrating tip had
encountered a turn in her bowel or another obstruction. Generally the probe
could be manipulated to follow the turn and inserted further. However, Michelle
was already very close to another climax and the Doctor felt that the probe was
deep enough to be effective. He slowly withdrew it a couple inches, not so much
as to have the tip exit her bowels, but enough so she could feel the movement of
the end buzzing so deep inside her body. Then the Doctor eased it back in by
nearly the same amount, while masturbating her at the same time. The Doctor
stroked the probe in and out and rubbed her wet vulva and his patient lay there
on her stomach helpless to stop the orgasm that she knew was inevitable.

Dr. Wellhung upped the psychological ante. He stopped masturbating Michelle's
vaginal area but continued working the probe, now with even longer and deeper
strokes. All the stimulation she was getting was a result of the rectal probe.
Michelle was panting and gasping and humping her crotch down against the pillow
and then back up against the probe. The Doctor saw how her leg muscles quivered
and strained against the spreader bar and how her anus was clenching at the
slick black rubber tubing sawing in and out of her back there.

"Do you like getting fucked by this probe Michelle?" the Doctor goaded her.

"Yes!" she hissed between clenched teeth.

"Are you gonna cum like a naughty girl with this probe up your ass Michelle?" he
persisted.

"Yeeeessss!!!!!"

And cum she did. Michelle's orgasm was intense enough that it felt to her like
every muscle in her body contracted at once. Dr. Wellhung felt her squeeze down
so tightly on the probe that if he had not used plenty of lubricant would not
have been able to move it. Fortunately he had used plenty, and he kept stroking
and prolonging her spasms. Only when the Doctor felt her grip on the tubing and
the spasms lessen did he stop moving the probe. Then he began to withdraw it
very, very slowly. He liked the way that it looked slipping back out of
Michelle's sexy little puckered rear entrance. Inch after inch came out. She was
moaning from the sensation of the vibrating tip traveling through her insides.

The doctor had withdrawn over a foot of the black tubing when he saw her anus
start to bulge slightly as the thicker vibrating tip was about to come out. The
effect of the vibrations suddenly concentrated right there at that most
sensitive area pushed her beyond the point of no return. She climaxed yet again,
a sudden jolting mini-orgasm (or maybe just an exceptionally strong aftershock?)
as Doctor Wellhung pulled the probe tip out through her straining anus. Even
after the last of her spasms subsided the way that Michelle's inner labia
remained engorged and flowered open betrayed the fact that she was still highly
aroused. Those open lips were shining with her nectar.

A big part of the excitement for Michelle was the feeling of helplessness. In
one of her letters to the Doctor she had written "I want to be tied down and
blindfolded on my back with a pillow under my behind and spread eagle to the
bed, very very vulnerable to you to tease and use as you please, then turn me
over on my tummy to do the same". Dr. Wellhung mounted his helpless patient from
behind. He positioned his cock at her wet, open, and willing vagina and
penetrated her fully with one long thrust. He was using her vagina as he
pleased. He fucked her deep and hard like that. She was so wet that his
thrusting and her bucking back against him made squishy sounds. Michelle's
fluids were so copious and thick that when the Doctor finally withdrew his cock
there was a whitish froth between her vaginal lips and the towel under her
crotch was wet.

Dr. Wellhung used her other hole as well. He spread her cheeks open and dripped
some of the KY Liquid on her tender little anus. He set his cockhead there at
her backdoor and pushed very slowly but firmly. Michelle did not have much prior
anal experience and even though she had recently been dilated, she was still
quite tight. However, she did her best to relax and gradually that little muscle
back there yielded to the pressure and the Doctor's cockhead popped through her
anal ring and into the exquisite heat of her rectum. Michelle moaned at the
moment of penetration.

Dr. Wellhung waited until he felt that she had relaxed as much as she was going
to and then he carefully eased more of his length into her. She involuntarily
clenched at the further invasion of her nearly virginal rectum. Dr. Wellhung
paused again until he felt her relaxing again, and then he told her to try
pushing herself back against him. As Michelle pushed a little and the Doctor did
too and he saw and felt (both were equally and enormously arousing for him)
another inch of his slick cockshaft disappear into Michelle's anus. Gradually
and with some moaning and the occasional clenching, Michelle managed to take the
majority of Dr. Wellhung's cock inside her. She actually took it deep enough
that she had the thickest part inside her straining anus. Considering her lack
of anal experience, her generally small stature, and the fact that Dr. Wellhung
was indeed pretty well hung, she had made admirable progress.

The Doctor dripped more of the lube between her cheeks where it ran down coating
her stretched anal tissues. He tried to stroke a bit and as he withdrew slightly
her grip was so tight that he could actually feel the precum being squeezed out
of his shaft.  Michelle did manage to relax and loosen somewhat as Dr. Wellhung
slowly eased his cock in and out of her. The feeling was remarkable, almost like
getting a handjob from a woman wearing a greased velvet glove. The sight was
equally remarkable. Her anus gripped his glistening shaft tightly and when the
doctor was withdrawing the tautness of her grip would cause her whole anal area
to pull out slightly, then go back as he pushed in deeper again.

Michelle had pretty much stopped moaning and the Doctor knew that from that
point on it would be easier and easier for her. If he continued sodomizing her
in all likelihood soon enough she would be able to take every last inch of his
cock. However, the sensations were so intense for him that there was no way that
he could hold back his own climax for long, especially once he felt his cockhead
enter her bowels as the tip of the probe had done earlier. He wasn't ready to
cum yet, so he withdrew from the tight and hot confines of Michelle's rectum.
She sighed as he popped out, probably a sigh of relief he mused. The next time
he sodomized her he would be using Millennium lubricant and prior to penetration
he would have to spend more time dilating and stimulating her.

That was the conclusion of the medical procedures that the Doctor performed with
his patient Michelle. Fortunately, she did have a little time left before she
had to leave and they were able to enjoy relaxing in the Jacuzzi and some other
extremely sensuous and exciting activities afterwards. The Doctor pronounced her
very fit and with exceptional sexual responsiveness. However, there were a few
more tests and procedures that he felt would be beneficial, and she did need to
learn to relax enough to accommodate his full length anally. They agreed that a
follow-up examination should be scheduled as soon as mutually convenient.

NOTE - If you enjoyed this you will probably also enjoy my accounts of the other
various procedures that I have performed with my dear ex-patient 'Michelle'.
They are all on my home page at:
***** http://users.porncity.net/drwellhung/index.html *****
Copyright 2003-2005 by Dr Wellhung
http://profiles.yahoo.com/a2michgyndoc
Email a2michgyndoc on Yahoo
Backup Email a2michgyndoc on Hotmail




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Wellhung


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





