BDSM Library - You are a Slut, Justine




You are a Slut, Justine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Taken by force, Justine's innermost fantasys are realized as she becomes the whore she is truely meant to be.
This is intended for adults 21 and over only. If you are offended by
graphic descriptions of a sexual nature, please, don't read this or
download it.

If this is illegal where ever you are reading this stop now.

*********************************************************

This is intended for adult audiences, only for those
over 21 and NOT for younger ages and/or anyone who
finds this subject matter offensive or objectionable.
It IS fiction, entirely the product of imaginary
storyform and any similarity to anyone anywhere is
strictly coincidence.

WARNING: Contains controversial explicit sexual
situations! DO NOT read any further if this kind of
material has no appeal to you.


***************************************************


A story by Dom Master...

If you have similar interests or comments, please
Email me at bemydom@hotmail.com




Chapter 1

You try to outrun the two men pursuing you, but it's no use.  They quickly
overcome you, and the first man roughly covers your mouth with his hand as the
second lifts you up by the legs.  Even though you struggle, they easily manage
to carry you back to their van, where you are dumped in through the side door. 
The bigger of the two men gets in the back of the empty cargo van with you and
shuts the door, as the other man gets in the driver's seat.  They speed away as
the bigger man rips your shirt off.

You try to fight off your attacker, but of course, it's no use.  Within seconds,
your firm breasts are exposed to this thug, and he whistles as he pinches your
sensitive nipples.  He squeezes and twists the little buds until they throb. 
You beg him to stop, but it seems to just urge him on.

Sitting on top of you, he pulls a knife out of his pocket, opens it and presses
the tip against the side of your throat.

"You're going to beg me to fuck you, or you're going to die!"  he tells you.

Terrified, you release your bladder, and warm urine soaks through your jeans.

"Hey, this filthy cunt just pissed on me" he yells to the driver, with a
chuckle.

The driver laughs, and tells him to do it back to you.  Rising up on his knees,
the big man orders you open his belt, unzip his pants, and take out his cock. 
It's very thick, and only half erect.

"Point it at your face and don't look away" he orders.

The flow of hot piss slaps your face and quickly soaks your hair.  You start to
turn away, but the rough man again presses the knife blade to your throat.

"Open your mouth, you nasty whore!"

As your mouth opens, it is quickly filled with the foul, bitter taste of this
man's stale urine.  You retch, but you don't turn away.

The hot piss runs out of your mouth and down across your neck.

"Soak your tits" the man orders.

You aim the hot stream at your chest, and find the pressure actually feels good
against your nipples.  You switch the stream from one sensitive bud to the
other, and before you realize it, you start to feel aroused.

"Oh my God" the big man says.  "This bitch is a piss whore.  She likes it!"

The driver replies, "Holy shit!", and glances around to look.  You flush red
with embarrassment, because you know it's true.

"I'll bet she likes a lot of other things, too" the driver says as he glares at
your piss soaked tits.  "I can't wait to find out."

You can't either, and you squeeze your legs together putting pressure on your
clit.




Chapter 2

You lose track of time as the bigger of the two men, you now know as "Bill',
pumps his thick cock in and out of your throat. When he stops pumping, you swirl
your tongue around the thick head, just like he told you to do.  You even let
the tip of your tongue prod into the little piss slit, and secretly enjoy the
salty taste of his pre cum.

"That's it, you filthy slut, suck the cum out of my balls.  That's it.  Suck it
harder!"

Bill pulls your face against his pelvis as his cum floods your mouth.  The van
comes to an abrupt stop.  Bill reaches down with his finger as he withdraws his
dick from your sucking mouth, and scoops up the thick line of sperm running down
your chin.

Without being told, you wantonly hold out your tongue and lick the sticky goo
from his finger.  You try to mimic a grimace as you swallow, but the warm liquid
seems to go right down your throat, through your stomach, and out of your pussy,
because your cunt is absolutely sopping wet, and wanting to be filled.

The side door of the van swings open as Bill climbs off your chest.  With your
ample tits exposed, you are roughly pulled from the van by Pete, the driver, and
barely manage to get on your feet.  He pushes you toward an open shelter house,
the kind with a roof, but no sides.  You realize you're next to a small lake, at
what appears to be some kind of hunting camp.

"God damn, you are one hot cunt!" Pete exclaims, looking you over.

You know you are beautiful, and have always prided yourself on your attractive
face and perfect figure.  Although right now, you can feel the cum residue
drying on your chin and around your mouth, plus your slacks are still damp,
though you're not sure if it's from pissing in them earlier, or if your wet
pussy simply soaked through.

"We're gonna do you real good, you fuckin' rich bitch.  We like high society
meat like you."  Pete leered.

Under the shelter, your wrists are tied together, and suspended from a hook in
the rafter.  Your toes barely reach the ground, and you are completely helpless
to defend yourself.  Strangely, you are more concerned with getting your pussy
fucked than getting away.  You make a staged attempt to free yourself.

"Don't you worry yourself none, cunt."  Bill tells you.  "You ain't goin'
nowhere.  You belong to us now, and you got to do everything we tell you 'til
you learn to do it on your own.  The only reason you got to be alive right now
is to fuck and suck."

You start to get worried as the possibility of never going home enters your
mind.  You've always wanted to give yourself over to your sexual nature, but
your prim and proper upbringing has always kept you from letting go.  Now may be
your chance to be the slut whore you need to be, but you never expected it to
actually happen.

Your thoughts are interrupted as your thin, designer slacks and thong panties
are cut away from your body.  Hanging completely naked in front of these two
common thugs, you feel very vulnerable, and very excited.

Pete wastes no time as he maneuvers between your legs, and pushes himself into
your wet fuck hole.  He roughly mauls your firm tits as he fucks you hard. 
Meanwhile, Bill gets in position behind you.  You realize he plans to enter your
virgin ass, and you begin to plead with him not to.  You've never been
interested in anal sex because you've always heard how painful it is.

"Naw, you got it all wrong, whore."  Bill interrupts.  "Tell me how much you
want me to fuck your ass.  Tell us how bad you want to get double fucked."  Bill
strokes your throat with the knife."

"Please ... don't" you beg, as Pete pounds into your cunt.

The knife is pressed harder against your delicate flesh.

"Please... please fuck my ass."  You can't believe what you just said.

"What's that?"  Bill asks.

"Please, I want you in my ass.  Please fuck my ass and my cunt.  Oh God..."

Pete's rough hands separate your firm ass cheeks as the head of Bill's cock
begins to spread your asshole.  Pain shoots up your spine as the thick cock
forces its way in.  Pete resumes his stroking, only now it's a little slower. 
Your clit responds, and the sensations of the two invading cocks merge, and you
feel your climax begin to build.

The two men fall into a rhythm and alternate their strokes, one pulling out as
the other pushes in.  The pain blends with the pleasure, and you feel the onset
of a massive orgasm.  Your cunt and ass grip the two cocks until you begin to
shudder.

"God damn!  This rich bitch slut just came!"  Pete exclaims as the two men begin
to cum together.

The men push deep in you as they fill your openings with hot sperm.  They stand
there motionless, with their cocks pulsing for a while as they empty their loads
into you.  As they pull out, you feel their cum running down your thighs, and
for the first time in your life, you feel satisfied.




Chapter 3

Your arms begin to ach from the weight of your body.  You realize your knees are
weak from the powerful orgasm these two strangers just gave you.  You feel it's
wrong, but you want nothing more than to be on your knees in front of them,
sucking them both into your mouth, preparing them to fuck you again.  You can't
believe you actually want these strangers to fuck you.

You've always had these desires, but you have always been afraid to act on them. 
Somehow, now that it's out of your hands, you feel liberated.  You want to be a
whore to these men.  Actually, you can envision an endless line of nameless men,
filling you with their cocks, and their seed.

Deep in thought, you don't notice the car pulling up until it stops right next
to the shelter.  Two men get out and your attention is drawn to another hapless
woman being forced from the back seat.  She is smaller than you, about 5'2", and
maybe 100 pounds.  She looks to be around 20 years old.  She sees you hanging
naked from the rafter, and is terrified.

The men quickly disrobe her and hang her on a hook next to you. Being shorter
than you, her feet don't even reach the ground.  You feel her warm flesh press
against yours as the two new men savagely double fuck her much like you had been
earlier.  She is forced to tell them how much she enjoys their cocks in her, and
you are jealous of the attention she is getting.

When the men are done with her, they turn the two of you toward each other, and
command you to kiss each other.  You have kissed a few girls before, but the men
want raw passion.  You decide to take charge, and dig your tongue deeply into
the girls trembling mouth.  You suck on her tongue like it's a small cock, and
chase it around her mouth with your own.

"Let's get 'em down here where they can really do each other."  One of the men
suggests.

Quickly, you are both unhooked, and your arms are repositioned ans secured high
up behind your backs.  Your large tits jut out, bringing much attention and
jeers from the men.  It's then you notice that one of the new guys is about 6'
3"', around 300 pounds, and black as night.  Standing directly in front of you,
he gets undressed, and you are startled to see his enormous prick.  It's every
bit of 9" long, and too thick to get your hand around.  The head is the size of
a ripe peach.

As you are pushed back against a table, your legs are pulled up and your knees
pressed down.  Lying on the table, with your arms behind you is very
uncomfortable.  Your ass is hanging off and you squirm around, trying to scoot
back.  In this position, your neatly groomed pussy is splayed vulgarly for all
to see.

"God, this nympho can't wait" someone says.

"Then we won't make her" comes the reply.

The young girl's face is pushed into your crotch, still dripping cum.  Bill and
Pete guide her head, and order her to suck your cunt and asshole.  You feel her
wet tongue sliding up in you, and you begin to buck against her face.  She is
crying, but now you don't care.  You only care about getting yourself off again. 
Your pussy and ass contract against her innocent face as you are rocked by
another gut wrenching orgasm.  Before it subsides, the girl is brought up on the
table straddling your face.

"Open wide, whore!" you are told.

Of course you open your mouth, and as the girl's pussy is spread apart, thick
globs of cum drips onto your waiting tongue.  She is pressed down so that her
sex is mashed against your lips.  You dig your tongue into her, and suck out the
remaining sperm.  The girl is forced forward, and she is on her knees over your
face.  Pete gets on the table in front of her, and pushes his cock into her
mouth.  Bill gets on the table behind her, and fucks her from behind.  You lick
his cock each time it withdraws from her tiny cunt, and occasionally, he slips
it out entirely and pushes it into your mouth.  You can taste the juice that
only comes from deep inside a pussy.

You feel one of the new guys release your leg, only to feel him move between
them.  Though you can't see him, you can feel that enormous prick as it tries to
spread your delicate pussy lips apart.  You want to protest, but with you face
buried in this girls' cunt, you can't.  Not that you want it to stop.

The thought of a black cock violating your special place disgusts you, but as it
fills your insides, passion takes over.  You give yourself over to raw emotion,
and all you're aware of is his huge dick as it stretches your pussy to the
limit.  On each outward motion, your cunt lips cling to the massive organ, as
though it's trying to draw it back inside.  He manages to enter a bit deeper
with each thrust until the entire length is buried in you.  You can feel the
bulbous head bruising your womb, but you don't care.  You want him to fuck your
pussy raw.

It doesn't take long for the men to reach climax, and the black man ravaging you
pumps a large load of spunk deep within you.  Bill cums in the small girl's cunt
then withdraws, only to guide his slimy dick into your mouth.  You eagerly suck
it clean.  You can hear the girl gag as Pete empties himself into her throat. 
As Bill pulls himself from your mouth, he pushes the girl's cunt down on you,
and you enthusiastically suck and lick it clean.  The smell of sex fills the air
and your nostrils.




Chapter 4

Before you have time to catch your breath, the small girl, Susan, is removed
from above you, and you are pulled from the table.  The large, black man
situates himself on the table where you had been, with his feet on the floor. 
You are made to squat over him with your back toward his chest.  Susan's face is
pushed down to his semi erect cock, still wet with your cum, and she strains to
engulf the huge head in her mouth.

Her head bangs into your pelvis as she is brutally taken from behind, each hard
thrust driving the enormous black prick further into her gagging throat.  You
can't help but get aroused at the sight in front of you, plus the sensation of
her hair and forehead brushing your engorged clit is shamefully driving you
toward another climax.

You roll your hard back as Jerome, the big black man, mauls your tits, digging
his fingers deep into the soft flesh, bruising them.

"Alright you lily white piece of trash, time to sit that skinny white ass o'
yours down on my cock."

Your mind races as he grabs your hips, and positions your sore asshole directly
over his throbbing dick.  You want to protest, but the words won't form in your
mouth. Susan's arms are freed, and she is made to hold the base of his thick
cock, keeping it aligned with your anus.  There's no way that giant dick is
going to be able to fit in your tight sphincter, but Jerome is pushing your hips
down, and your knees are giving way.  The tight muscle succeeds in keeping out
the invader for a few moments, but finally begins to yield.  It stretches to its
limit, then finally tears, and the massive cock head lodges itself in your
rectum.

You let out an ear shattering scream as the burning pain sears through your
insides.  Your body rocks and trembles, and there's only about 3 inches of his
thick cock in your ass.  You still have 6 inches to go.  You are held in this
position a few moments as a trickle of blood coats the vein covered shaft,
lubricating it.  Your head is getting light, and you feel yourself starting to
pass out as Jerome lifts your legs from the table, pressing your knees to your
chest, and your tortured asshole slides down the bloody pole.

Your breathing is rapid and shallow, and nausea is building in your gut, but as
the moments go by, your body slowly begins to relax.  With ribbons of fire still
shooting through your bowels, you are brought back into awareness by the smooth
touch of Susan's lips on your cunt.  Her tongue slowly strokes your hairless
lips, then circles your clit.  You begin to thrust toward her.

"God damn, she's a nasty ho" Jerome exclaims.  "Alright bitch, start fuckin'" he
orders as he releases his grip on your legs.

With your arms still firmly secured behind your back, it is difficult to balance
yourself as you try to raise yourself back up.  Your knees are weak and
trembling.  Jerome steadies you by griping his big, rough hands on your waist,
and you manage to remove nearly 7 inches of the thick, black cock from your ass. 
Just as feel the ridge of the head on your tattered opening, he pulls you back
down and once again, the full length is buried deep within you.

"That's it, you white trash cunt.  Fuck me with your ass.  Get goin'".

Once again, you raise yourself up, only to be brought down again.  After a few
strokes, the pain begins to subside a bit, but it is still there.  You decide to
make the best of it, and to try to get this over with as soon as possible.  You
begin to develop a rhythm, and even wiggle around a bit on the down stroke,
before rising back up.  Susan matches your pace, and she is doing a pretty
decent job on your clit, distracting you from the fire in your ass.

You manage to raise all the way up, freeing the blood covered cock.  Susan is
made to lick and suck it clean before she positions it back in your asshole. 
Your torn anus can provide little resistance, and once again the entire 9 inches
is quickly engulfed.  You fuck this man's cock hard with your ass while the
virgin faced girl laps at your cunt.  Once again, pain and pleasure begin to
merge as you are brought to yet another orgasm.  Your ass involuntarily
convulses around the thick shaft as your climax pulses deep within you.  Without
realizing it, you grind yourself on the massive dick.

"God damn!  I think she needs more!"  Pete exclaims.

He takes hold of Susan's hand, squeezes her fingers together, and pushes them
into your well lubricated cunt.  Gripping her forearm, he pushes her hand
steadily into you, meeting resistance at the knuckles.  Jerome puts his hands on
the inside of your thighs, and spreads your legs wide open.  You look down to
see Susan's hand disappearing into you, and that big black cock buried to the
balls in your ass.  With a little more force from Pete, the knuckles sink into
your pussy, and he tells her to make a fist.  You feel it bump into your womb as
her wrist is consumed.

Pete fucks your cunt with Susan's fist. At first he doesn't withdraw past her
wrist, but with each stroke, he pulls her fist out a little further. 
Eventually, your pussy is stretched to the point where he can withdraw it
completely, and then reinsert it still balled up.  Your cunt lips grip her
forearm and then gape open perversely, waiting, wanting to be refilled.

Once you are sufficiently stretched, Susan is ordered to jack Jerome off through
the thin membrane separating your cunt from your ass. She straightens her
fingers, and begins to stroke the thick cock.

"Grab onto it!" Jerome demands.

Susan digs her thumb and fingers into the sensitive lining of your vagina, and
squeezes.  She grips his cock as best she can, not caring about your discomfort,
and begins jacking him off.  He bucks up to meet her strokes.  The scene before
you is so bazaar you can't believe it's really happening, but the pain in your
groin assures you it is.  After many agonizing minutes, Jerome finally gets his
nut, and sends another heavy load of sperm into your bowels.  Your sweat
drenched hair clings to your face, obscuring your view of Susan as she is made
to clean the blood and cum from Jerome's shiny, black cock with her mouth.  Once
again your knees are brought up to your chest, as Susan is forced to suck his
load from your gapping asshole.  Her tongue digs into your ass, soothing the
tattered rim as the thick liquid flows into her waiting mouth.  You see her
retch as she struggles to swallow the fluid, and you find yourself aroused by
her distress.




Chapter 5

"Alright cunts, this ain't break time!" 

The four men take you and Susan, and position you next to each other on the
floor on your hands and knees, facing opposite directions.  Each of them assumes
a position either in front of a face or an ass.  You watch Jerome's fat cock
spread Susan's tiny cunt open and sink halfway into her.

"This show ain't for you, slut." You're told as your hair is roughly pulled,
turning your attention to the cock aimed at your mouth.  You open your lips, and
the dick forces its way into your throat.  You don't have time to protest as
another cock pushes its way into your pussy.  From the gurgling sounds you hear
from Susan, you know she is being double fucked too.

The two men working on you push together in unison, driving themselves hard into
your abused body.  The cock in your pussy switches to your ass for a few beats,
then back to your cunt.  You actually worry that you might get an infection. 
You hear Susan's muffled scream as Jerome switches to her ass.  Funny, you don't
feel bad for her.

After about 10 minutes, the men switch places, and you watch Jerome's big cock
withdraw from Susan's ass and position itself in front of your mouth.  You open
your lips and let the slick cock fuck its way in.  You know what you're doing is
nasty, but you're way beyond being repelled by it.  If anything, it drives you
to new heights of depravity.  You suck hard, and fuck back against the cock in
your ass.

Susan, on the other hand, is losing it.  Her cries can hardly be muffled by the
cock in her throat, and you hear her gag and then throw up as it is pushed all
the way in.  The man face fucking her face slaps her hard and then wipes his
dick with her hair before feeding his dick back down her throat.  You feel her
body tremble as she forces her throat to relax.  Before long, another rotation,
once again your taste Susan as you suck clean another cock.

The men make two complete rotations before you and Susan are sat up, and turned
to face each other.  Your mouths are pressed together and you are made to kiss
open mouthed as the four men jerk themselves off on your faces, covering you
both in cum.  You are made to lick each other's face clean, and the taste of cum
leaves a heavy aftertaste.

"Time to clean these whores up."  Pete says.  The party starts in just two
hours.

"Oh my god..." you think, when you realize your rapes have just begun.  Your
asshole has gone numb from the continued abuse, so all in all you've faired
fairly well.  Susan is a different matter.  As best as can tell, she's gone into
some sort of catatonic shock.  She stares blindly into space, gently rocking,
and holds herself tightly.




Chapter 6

The blast of cold water nearly knocks you over as the hose is aimed at your
bruised tits.  You remember the pain of Jerome's long fingers digging into them,
and you try to cover them with your arms.

"Hold her down" the man with the hose orders.

As the other men pin you down, you notice the hose is unusually thick, like the
kind used to hose down parking lots.  That would account for the enormous
pressure.  You find yourself on your back, spread eagle on the floor, with one
man holding your arms down over your head, and the other two holding your ankles
down with your legs spread wide apart.  The cold water stings as it is directed
between your legs.  The stream is held at a low angle, and jets its way into
your sore cunt.  You squirm, and try to avoid this new assault, but it's no use.

When your pussy has been thoroughly cleaned, the heavy flow of water is applied
to your torso, and even your face, nearly drowning you.

"Turn her over."

The spray is then concentrated on your tortured asshole, renewing the
excruciating pain.  You struggle to turn yourself away, but the men succeed in
holding you in place.  Drenched, you wipe the water from your face as Susan
suffers the same fate.

You and Susan are left sitting on the floor as the men smoke and drink beer. 
You look to Susan to comfort her, but she's too far gone.

When the men have finished their break, you're both given an outfit to put on. 
Appropriately, yours is a sexy, black bustier and black stockings.  You are also
given a pair of black stiletto heels, which are at least one size too small. 
Your feet instantly begin to cramp.

Susan is made to put on a catholic girl's school uniform, but just the shirt and
blouse.  Her dark brown nipples are clearly visible through the thin, white top,
and the short, plaid skirt barely covers her ass.  As the two of you are forced
to parade in front of the men, you can see glimpses of her pussy hair as the
skirt flits back and forth.

The men obviously notice too, and they decide to rectify the problem.  Susan is
laid back on the table, and her pubic hair is burned off with a cigarette
lighter.  The smell of singeing hair fills the open space, and judging by her
screams, they're clearing it off down to the skin.

"What do you think of that?"  You are asked as you are turned to look at the
poor girl's bare pussy.

You don't reply, but you're relieved you keep your own pussy lips neatly shaved.

At long last, other cars begin showing up.  First two, then another, then
several more.  Within a span of 30 minutes, about 20 new men show up, and a
couple of rough looking women.




Chapter 7

The "party" begins with you and Susan sucking every new guy's cock, and eating
out the rough girls' pussies.  These are uncouth, unkempt rednecks, but dressed
in your sexy outfit, you actually begin to feel the part of a high class call
girl.  Little do you realize that's exactly what you are.  The guests have paid
the 4 men handsomely for your services.  You actually put on a good show, and
though fucked hard, you are not injured.  Not so for Susan.

Susan passively takes what is given to her, but eventually wears on the nerves
of the paying customers.

"This whore ain't shit."  One guy complains.  "She just lays there like my ex
ol' lady."

"Well, for an extra $100 bucks, you get 10 minutes to do what you want with
her."  Pete informs him.  "Just don't kill her.  That's an extra 5 grand!  And
anything that scars is another $100 dollars apiece.  We gotta account for
depreciation!"

Several of the guys quickly come up with some extra cash.

"All right, let's keg her."  Pete sounds excited.

She is led to a corner of the shelter towards the large wooden cask. It sits on
its side and is nearly 8 feet wide, and over 5 feet in diameter.  Like other
wooden casks, there are steel hoops on either end and toward the center forming
the classic barrel shape.  Two alternating rows of 1 inch square spikes, about 3
inches apart, run up the center, and a flat steel bar protrudes from its middle
with a hole for attaching various accessories.  There are leather straps in
strategic locations to secure the victim.

For Susan, a 5 inch long aluminum dildo is attached to the bar, and she is made
to insert it into her ass, without the benefit of lubricant.  Straddling the
bar, with her back to the cask, she slowly lowers herself down onto the roughly
finished object.  Though relatively small, the dildo causes her much obvious
discomfort.

With her tailbone resting on the metal bar and the dildo firmly lodged in her
ass, Susan's shapely legs are lifted up horizontally with her knees bent, spread
wide open, and her thighs are strapped firmly to the cask.  Her ankles are also
secured.  Her back is pressed hard against the wooden spikes and she is arched
back to match the contour of the barrel.  Her arms are stretched out and tightly
secured at the shoulders and wrists.  Finally, her head is pulled back, and a
strap is cinched down on her forehead.  She is completely immobilized, and is
having difficulty taking deep breaths.

With her legs spread wide Susan's slightly blistered pussy is neatly exposed. 
She is still in the schoolgirl outfit, with the little skirt bunched up around
her waist, but the blouse is left buttoned, to be removed by the customers.  The
poor girl is already beside herself with pain, but it is about to get much
worse.

The first blow of the narrow leather strap splits the thin fabric of her blouse
right down the middle between her ample tits.  The second blow cuts the fabric
on the outside of her right breast, and the third splits the left side.  Her
tits are now barely covered by the two strips of cloth.  The man repositions
himself to the side of her, and cuts the bottom of the strips just below her
tits.  With much cheering and prodding, the final cut is made above the breasts,
and the fabric falls away, exposing her beautiful tits in the pseudo window.

The first cut made down the middle is bleeding and threatening to cost the man
an extra $100.  He switches to a long, thin cane, and focuses on the writhing
girl's nipples.  With expert aim, he slices across the little buds, leaving an
angry purple and red bruise across both tits.  Switching to a slightly down
angle, he covers her tits with neatly spaced lines.  He moves to her other side,
and repeats the downward blows, creating a pattern of crisscrosses.  The
audience cheers loudly.  For his finale, he strikes a single angled blow across
the burned flesh on her pubic mound, moves to the other side, and completes the
X.  He takes a bow.

Susan's punishment continues as the next guy steps up.  He quickly rips away
what remains of her schoolgirl's blouse, and punches her square in the gut. 
Susan coughs and struggles for breath.  He reaches into his pocket, hands Pete 2
crisp $100 dollar bills, and then holds up the 10 gauge nipple rings for all to
see.  The audience cheers.

He pinches her left nipple flat with a pair of Pennington forceps, and then very
slowly pushes the tapered needle through.  Susan emits a muted scream as her
flesh is torn and gauged.  Once through, he follows the fat needle with the
captive bead ring, and locks it closed.  He makes a point of showing the
remaining ring to Susan.  Her face is paper white.

Halfway through the second piercing, Susan passes out.  The needle is left at
mid point until she is revived, and then slowly pushed the rest of the way
through.  When the right ring is in place, the man takes the honors of being the
first to twist her nipples with their new jewelry.  Susan cries out as her
nipples are racked with pain.  As the man lets go, he wipes a few droplets of
blood from them, and licks it from his fingers.  Again, the audience cheers,
including you.

The barrel's base is motorized, allowing it to be rotated to any position.  The
next man rotates it back until the tormented girl's pussy is almost at the top. 
While this relieves the pressure from her tailbone and ass, it causes the blood
to engorge her throbbing nipples, amplifying the pain.  With her head nearly on
the floor, she can't see him draw back with the flogger, but she hears the crack
as the long, leather blades land on her right thigh.  The pain is still
registering in her brain as the blades violently land on her left thigh.  It is
excruciating.  The next blow is directed between them, slapping her stomach and
pubic mound.  For the next 5 minutes, blow after blow covers her legs and lower
torso, leaving a nearly solid red welt.  The final blow is aimed directly at her
clit, and once again, she passes out.

Drifting in and out of consciousness, she hardly notices the line of men waiting
their turn to fuck her ravaged cunt, and pull on the new body jewelry.  The
women take turns grinding themselves against her mouth, burying her nose into
their snatches and assholes.  At long last, the crowd grows tired of her, but
before she is de-kegged, you are pushed face first into her now gamy pussy to
eat up what has to be a pint of cum.  You are now a willing participant.




Chapter 8

"You're next." you're told as you're stripped naked, except for the heels, and
led toward the cask.

Susan is dumped unceremoniously to the ground once she is released from her
bondage, and as the aluminum dildo is replaced with a wooden one of comparable
size, you find yourself somewhat disappointed.  Feeling quite the slut, you want
to put on a show.  You'll soon discover that you certainly will.

You are positioned over the wooden cock, facing the barrel.  It slowly rotates
up, pushing the cock into you, and then stops.  The dildo has been coated with a
slick lube, but you still notice the unusually rough surface as it scratches its
way in.  You are concerned when a large sheet of sandpaper is stuck to the
barrel directly in front of your tits before your arms are secured,
outstretched, by the leather straps.  Your legs are then lifted up which places
enormous pressure on your pubic bone, spread wide with knees bent, and strapped
against the wooden surface.

The barrel resumes its rotation until your weight is on your stomach.  You
notice that you're not strapped down as snugly as Susan was, and that you have a
little room to move around.  You wonder if it's because you've been a good
little whore to these men, and that they're giving you a bit of a break.  You're
soon to discover that you're completely wrong.

The burning in your crotch is subtle at first, but as the icy-hot sensation
builds, you recognize the distinct aroma of Ben-Gay.  You begin to squirm
against the dildo, only to realize its surface is also sandpaper.  The hot
ointment is beginning to burn your insides, and you can't remain still.  You
hardly notice the smooth stroking of the stinging-nettles across your back.

Within seconds, the hairs of the nettles release their load of formic acid,
histamine, acetylcholine, serotonin, 5-hydroxytryptamine, and other unknown
compounds into the flesh of your back, causing you to wriggle your upper torso,
which in turn grinds your nipples against the sandpaper under them.  You try to
control your movements, but the severe itching on your back, along with the
burning in your crotch, is overwhelming.  As you struggle to relieve the
discomfort, your tits, clit and pussy lips pay a dear price as you rub them raw
against the sandpaper.

The group is laughing hysterically at your predicament as the nettles are again
dragged across your back, and even under your arm pits.  You shake
uncontrollably as one of the men pushes himself into your ass, reopening the
torn flesh.  Another man takes your hair in his hand, like the reins of a
bucking bronco, lifts your head up and pushes the full length of his cock into
your open throat.  You feel his balls on your chin as you continue to thrash
against the sandpaper.

The two men thrust in an alternating pattern, rocking your body back and forth. 
The pain becomes intense.  The crowd gathers around you and you can hear the men
stroking their cocks, waiting for their turn.  As the two men fucking you finish
and step back, they are immediately replaced by two more.  Your body is
constantly moving against the rough paper, and you fear your nipples and clit
will be completely rubbed away before they are through.  After what seems like
an eternity, the last man finishes in your throat and the movement stops.




Epilog

Your hair is matted with cum, and you can feel your asshole unsuccessfully
trying to close.  Your legs are unstrapped and the barrel rotates back down
until your feet are on the floor.  Your arms are released as well, and your body
is supported by two men as the barrel continues to rotate, withdrawing the evil
wooden cock from your raw pussy.  You notice blood.  As you step back, you
expect to see bits of your flesh stuck to the sandpaper.  You look down at your
nipples, and are surprised to see they are still there, though they and most of
your tits surface are bright red and oozing a clear fluid, like they were
burned.  Luckily for you they used ultra fine sandpaper.

Exhausted, you want nothing more than to lie down and rest.  You are relieved to
see the guests getting dressed, and everyone seems to be in a good mood.  Susan
is curled up in a fetal position, but looks as though she'll make it.

"You're a good whore, Justine" Pete tells you as he aims the hose at your raw
flesh.  "I can't wait until next week's party".

Neither can you.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dom Master


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





