BDSM Library - DeFlower




DeFlower
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He had asked for this night, but had never imagined that his Mistress would arrange his wedding ...
Deflower
By plugged_tv

It was my fault. I had asked for this night. No, actually I had 
begged for it. At the time, I was tied while my Mistress teased 
and tormented my cock. Some light caresses until I became hard, 
and then the burning heat of the hot wax hitting my cockhead. 
Even with the pain, my cock was almost at the bursting point. 
Then, she suddenly paused and asked me,

"Tell me your most wild fantasy, and I'll let you come." 

So I told her.

Now, as I parked my car on the side of her house, I could feel 
the tightness in my stomach. I was so nervous, I could feel my 
hands shaking. I saw no other cars on the street or in her 
driveway. That was good. Maybe she wasn't going to take things 
too far. Maybe she was just planning a mini-version of my 
fantasy.

I climb the porch stairs and ring the bell. I hear some laughter 
inside. The door opens, and my Mistress stands before me. 

"Hello slave!", she coos, "Come inside quickly. You don't have 
much time to get ready." 

I enter and take off my shoes. Then, I hear female voices 
drifting up from the basement. My Mistress sees the reaction on 
my face. She laughs gently and says, 

"Oh, don't worry. Those are just your attendants waiting for you. 
Come on."

She leads me down the basement stairs into the dungeon area. As I 
descend, I see two pretty young women, both apparently in their 
mid-late twenties. I have never seen them before. My Mistress 
introduces her friends, Jennifer and Susan. They are smiling and 
smirking, looking at me with a gleam in their eyes. 

"Is this the virgin?" asks Susan. 

I cringe and once again am frightened. 

"Oh, yes. But she's been practicing for her big night" replies 
Mistress.

Talking back and forth, they lead me down the hall to a small 
bedroom I've never been in. It is clearly a girl's room. There is 
a canopy bed, dresser, and make-up table with mirror. The room's 
colors are pink and white. 

"Let's get started", announces Mistress. "Strip", she commands. 

I pause for a second, wondering if she will send the other women 
away. But they are all staring at me. I realize that they are 
here to witness my humiliation, even participate in it. So I 
quickly strip off my shirt and remove my shoes, socks, jeans, and 
underwear. 

"Oh my God, it's so small!" exclaims Jennifer as my cock is 
exposed. 

It is smaller than normal, almost hiding in my bush due to my 
fear and shame. My face flushes red in embarrassment. 

"Look at his butt, girls. Isn't it just adorable?" says Mistress. 

"Absolutely fuckable" agrees Susan. 

"OK, get him ready while I prepare everything" Mistress says as 
she walks out of the room closing the door behind her.

Suddenly, I am naked and under the control of two strangers. 

"Into the bath!" commands Susan. 

We enter the bathroom. On their instructions, I start the bath. 
Jennifer takes me over and has me sit on the commode. She takes 
out some small scissors, and begins to cut my pubic hair. She 
gets me down to mid-length stubble, and then directs me into the 
bath. Susan gives me a razor and shaving cream and commands me to 
shave my entire pubic area, leaving only a small patch of bush 
above my cock. I take my time to be careful with the razor, and 
to delay the inevitable. When I'm done, Susan takes over and 
shaves my butt and area around my asshole. I get out of the bath 
and dry off. 

"Not done yet" says Jennifer. 

She hands me a bottle of hair remover. I apply it to my legs 
until they are completely covered. I then wait patiently for the 
creme to do its work. Then, I wash off in the shower, watching 
the hair wash away off my legs. Susan hands me back the razor, 
and I finish the job on my legs. Now I am completely hairless 
from the waste down, except for my small pubic patch. I have 
never felt so naked in my life. My body looks like a little boy.

"Time to get really clean" pronounces Jennifer. 

Susan leans me over the tub, and Jennifer slips an enema nozzle 
into my butt with very little lubrication. Soon, I feel the water 
rushing into me. The cramping starts immediately, but the water 
continues to flow and flow. My belly feels like it's about to 
burst and I'm struggling to keep the water in. 

"Please, please!" I beg as the nozzle is removed. 

Whap! Susan slaps my butt with her hand. 

"No talking!" she hisses. 

Tears well up in my eyes both from the slap and also due to my 
distress. 

"You can go now" Jennifer says. 

I rush to the commode, barely making it before my bowels explode. 
I void and void, and finally get the last of the water out of me. 
Then I clean up the bath and follow Jennifer and Susan back into 
the bedroom.

Jennifer leads me over to the make-up table. 

"You have such a sissy face, it will be easy to pass you off" she 
declares. 

She goes to work with the makeup, putting on foundation, blush, 
eyeliner, powder, and lipstick. She over applies everything, and 
especially lays on a thick red lipstick. While she is busy, I 
notice Susan moving around in the room and think I hear someone 
talking in the dungeon. Once again I wonder how far Mistress is 
taking my fantasy. Jennifer finishes her work. I look at myself 
in the mirror. My face itself looks feminine, but the contrast of 
my hair and chest make me look bizarre. Jennifer has me stand, 
and I turn around towards the bed where Susan has been busy.

Lying on the bed is a huge white dress. 

"White for the virgin bride!" announces Susan. 

They both laugh, and for the first time I realize the full 
intentions of my Mistress. I am in a daze, not fully believing 
that she would go to the trouble for such an elaborate scene. I 
realize that my months of serving her have paid off; she has 
decided to give me my full fantasy.

Susan comes forward with a white lacy garter belt. She places it 
around my waist and fastens it. Then, I sit on the bed as Susan 
helps me into some pure white stockings. The stockings feel 
fantastic against my newly shaved skin. Jennifer adjusts the 
snaps while Susan brings a white garter and slides it up one leg 
to mid-thigh. Susan then produces a white corset complete with 
lacings. I step into it and they draw it up my body. Jennifer 
then gets behind me and starts to lace me into it. She works and 
works the straps, asking me to breathe in and then tightening it 
as hard as she can. My belly and lower chest hurt and I feel like 
I can hardly breath.

Just then, my Mistress returns to the room. 

"Everything going well?" she asks. 

"Yes," replies Jennifer, "Is everything else ready"? 

"Yes, go ahead and get ready" says Mistress. 

Jennifer and Susan leave the room and close the door behind them. 
As they leave, I'm sure I hear other voices in the dungeon.

"Now slave, I want to discuss this with you carefully" Mistress 
starts. "I know you told me this fantasy, and I have tried to 
make it as real as possible. Susan and Jennifer are my very best 
friends, and they are Mistresses in the scene too. And so far, 
this has all been very safe, discrete, and within our agreed upon 
limits. However, to fulfill your fantasy, I have had to extend 
the participation in this scene to some other people that I only 
partly know. Your fantasy also requires you to push far beyond 
your previous limits. I want you to think carefully about whether 
you want to go forward with this. Sometimes fantasies are best 
when they stay fantasies. I can cancel this scene now, and nobody 
will be disappointed and only a few people will know that you 
backed out. I will not be disappointed, since we are doing this 
for you, not for me. However, to ensure you understand how 
serious I am, if you continue on there will be no safe word. You 
will have to fulfill your fantasy and just trust me. Now, think 
carefully and decide if you want to continue."

My mind races. While my fantasy has always excited me, I don't 
know how I will like it for real. Mistress is right. The first 
time I actually felt the cane slice into my buttocks, I knew 
there was a difference between fantasy and reality. As I looked 
up at her, I caught my image in the mirror. There I was, made-up 
and dressed in lingerie. A true sissy girl waiting for her 
wedding day. My cock started to stir, and I realized how lucky I 
was to have the chance to live out this fantasy. If I backed out 
now, I would probably never be in this position again. I dropped 
down on my knees in front of my Mistress and kissed her boots.

"Please Mistress," I whisper, "make your sissy slut a woman 
tonight". 

As I look up, my Mistress smiles down at me. 

"Oh, slave." She says, "You have no idea how excited this will 
make me. I hope it is everything you imagined".

My Mistress has me stand, and then lean over the bed facing down. 
The corset feels incredibly tight, and I wonder how I can 
breathe. My Mistress comes up behind me, and I feel some cold goo 
and her finger press into my asshole. Then, her finger retreats, 
and I feel my buttplug press against my hole. I try and relax to 
open up my male pussy to the large intruder. Mistress presses 
hard, and I gasp as the plug quickly passes by my ring and finds 
its way home.

I stand before my Mistress. She takes out a white ribbon and bow, 
and ties it around my cock and balls. Then she ties another 
ribbon around the head of my cock. She fastens the other end to 
the bottom ring on the front of my corset, stretching my flaccid 
cock up in front of me. 

"I always wrap the present for the groom" she snickers.

 She takes four clip-on earrings from the dresser. Two of them 
she places on my ears. Then, she takes the other earrings and 
clamps them on my little titties under the corset top. They pinch 
and hurt my nipples something terrible. Somehow, I sense they 
will be the least of my worries. At last Mistress helps me into 
the dress. As she lowers it down over my head, I am amazed at how 
heavy it is. Mistress buttons the back buttons, and at last I am 
fully in my wedding apparel. Then, Mistress disappears behind me 
and I hear rustling. I feel the back of the dress rising as 
Mistress tugs and pulls at the back of my dress. Finally, she 
move away.

Mistress asks me to turn around. In the mirror, I see she has 
somehow fastened the back of my dress up so that it is entirely 
open, my butt on display and framed by the garter belt.

"My own touch", she explains. "I worked for over two hours to sew 
in the ties. I hope your groom appreciates the work I did". 

The illusion is remarkable. From the front, I look like a normal 
bride. But from the rear, I am clearly a perverted slut. My cock 
immediately gets hard and I feel the tug of the ribbon binding it 
to the corset. Mistress helps me into some white slippers, and 
then goes to the dresser.

Mistress comes back with a strange contraption. I have never seen 
it before. It is a large rubber O-ring with belts and straps 
attached. She comes forward with a twinkle in her eyes. She 
positions it around my head with the ring in the front. "Open 
wide slave" she commands. I then realize that this must be some 
new kind of gag. I open my mouth wide, and she places the thick 
rubber ring in my mouth. The ring has ridges on it, so my teeth 
can rest in the grooves. My Mistress then buckles and tightens 
the straps around my head, effectively locking my mouth in the 
contraption. I realize that it ensures that my mouth remains 
open, but also prevents me from speaking. Suddenly, I realize 
that my Mistress spoke truthfully when she told me I would have 
no safe word. My mistress asks me to place my hands behind me, 
and attaches cuffs to my wrists and then binds my wrists behind 
my back.

My Mistress gazes into my eyes. She can see the excitement and 
fear in them. She smiles a wicked grin. From the bed, she picks 
up a long blond wig. Sweeping my natural hair back, she positions 
it on my head. After much tugging, adjusting, and combing, she is 
satisfied. She turns me so I can look in the mirror again. It is 
amazing! Before me appears a real woman, dressed for her wedding. 
Without looking under my dress, nobody could tell that I was 
really a man. As I gaze at the image, my Mistress comes behind me 
and lowers a veil over my head. Now the illusion is complete. I 
have become a bride about to be wed.

My Mistress breaks my daydream by reaching down and twisting my 
plug. 

"It's time now little bride, time to go to your man" she snarls. 

She takes me to the bedroom door, and opens it a crack. She 
whispers something to a person just outside the door, and then 
closes it for a minute. She turns to me and instructs me, 

"You will do everything that is asked of you. And the only words 
you can try and utter are 'I do'. Under the circumstances, you 
had better nod when you say it since it will be unintelligible. 
Now, here we go".

She opens the door, and I can see into the dungeon. It looks 
strange because it is fully lighted. Along with the overhead 
lights, the walls flicker from the many candles that have been 
lit. However, it is not the dungeon that concerns me. At least 
ten people are seated in folding chairs on each side of an aisle 
that runs from where I stand up to the front of the dungeon. 
Standing at the front of the dungeon are five others; Susan and 
Jennifer and three unknown men. Susan and Jennifer have changed 
to light blue bridesmaids' dresses and look beautiful. Two of the 
men have on black suits and one has on a white suit. My groom is 
young and taller then I. He is a big man.

Suddenly the traditional wedding march blares forth. Immediately 
the "congregation" turns to the back to look at me. My Mistress 
holds onto my arm, and starts to slowly lead me down the aisle. 
My gaze is fixated to the front of the dungeon where the entire 
wedding party is smiling at me. The men look at me with a mixture 
of evil and lust written on their faces. As I proceed down the 
aisle and pass the first guests, I hear some gasps and then 
laughter as my bottom comes into their view. How vulnerable it 
must look, all framed in white lace and smooth. I wonder if they 
can see the handle of the plug seated in my bottom. Clearly, the 
innocence my white gown pretends is a farce in the light of my 
humiliation and subjugation. 

It seems to take forever to walk the 20 feet or so to the front 
of the dungeon. As we reach the front, the man in the white suit 
takes my arm from my mistress. I meet my groom. His grip is 
strong. Even if I were not restrained, I would not be able to 
pull away from him. The guests continue to murmur and make 
comments behind me. They can clearly see my bottom, all stretched 
by the plug within it. I can even feel a bit of the lubricant run 
down the side of my leg to meet my stockings. I look like a hot 
slut in heat, dripping for her man. I wonder if they can see my 
hairless balls, or the ribbon tied around them. My cock swells 
against its tie and tugs my corset. They cannot see my cock. Do 
they know that I am really a man, or do they think I am a maiden? 
How many male guests have gotten hard looking at my bottom, 
imagining they are seeing the lovely buns of a young women who 
has given herself up to this perverted scene?

My Mistress moves to the front. She begins to speak. 

"Dearly beloved," she intones, "we are gathered here to witness 
the total submission of my sissy slave. Before you stands a girl. 
A pure virgin who has never sampled the delights of true 
womanhood. She has come before us today to give herself to the 
man I have selected for her. She will soon debase herself before 
all of you. Her true nature will be shown - that of a slut who 
seeks only to give herself completely to her chosen man."

"Now my slut, before all those gathered here, do you agree to 
submit completely to me and to your man," she questions.

As I nod my head, I try and say "I do". But all that comes out is 
a bleating, gagged sound.

"He has given his consent," my Mistress announces to the crowd, 
"You may take the bride."

The two groomsmen come forward and grab me by the arms. They lead 
me up to an X rack on the dungeon wall behind where my Mistress 
stands. My cuffed hands are released and then quickly reattached 
to the upper rings on the rack. Cuffs go on my ankles, my legs 
are spread, and then cuffed to the lower rings. I am spread wide, 
my back facing the audience. I imagine how I must look - a 
beautiful bride restrained with her bare bottom exposed to all 
eyes.

My head is yanked to the right, and I look for the first time 
into the eyes of the man to whom I have been given. 

"Before I take you, I want to make sure you are good and hot for 
me. I know you will enjoy this my Darling", he says. 

Then he disappears behind me, and I hear some soft whispers in 
the crowd. Suddenly, I hear the rush of air and feel the sting of 
the whip lashes cut into my sweet bottom. It is so intense, the 
air rushes out of me and I gasp in pain. Even with her highest 
effort, my Mistress has never given me such a blow! I have barely 
recovered my senses when I receive my second stroke. It hurts 
worse than the first. Again and again he strikes me. Every nerve 
I have is on fire. I want it to stop so badly. If I could utter 
my safe word, I would use it. Real tears well up in my eyes, and 
I begin to shriek and gasp through my mouth, begging for it to 
end. Now I feel sweat running down my chest and lower legs. For 
the first time in my life, I am close to becoming hysterical.

Then, it stops. I am conscious of my own breathing. I am 
hyperventilating and I try to slow my breathing down. My ass 
feels like a furnace, with wave after wave of searing heat coming 
off its surface. Hands come up and unfasten my wrist and ankle 
cuffs from the X rack rings. I am guided backwards. During my 
ordeal, someone has placed the punishment bench to the front of 
the room. I am bent over it. My wrists and ankles are reattached 
to the bench fasteners. Now my hot bottom faces the crowd. I 
wonder if it is simply red or if it is bleeding. Someone turns my 
head to the right and pushes back my veil.

Before me is a semi-erect cock. It sticks out from the fly of a 
pair of white pants. I look up, and see my husband's face leering 
down at me. 

"Suck me bitch" he commands. 

He takes his cock and guides it into my waiting mouth. With my 
mouth bound open, I cannot really suck him. I feel his cock glide 
through the O-ring into my mouth and over my tongue. Doing my 
best, I swirl my tongue around the base of his cock. I feel it 
growing in my mouth. As it swells, I am grateful to my Mistress 
for all the times she had me practice for this moment with her 
strap-on. I look down, and see a mixture of female and some male 
faces staring at me. They are watching my debasement. Some of the 
men look slightly disgusted with the sight of me servicing the 
cock. I flush in embarrassment.

The cock continues to swell. He is much larger than I thought, 
and thick too. He is almost starting to brush the O-ring as he 
continues to push into my mouth. Then, he becomes more 
aggressive. He pushes deeper, and I feel his cock slide down into 
the back of my throat. I gag, but he ignores me. Tears again 
start to drip down my face. He pushes in fully, and his balls 
rest on the side of my face. He is fully in my throat now. I 
breathe quickly through my nose. I fight the gag reflex and try 
to relax. He then pulls out. I am relieved. I breathe through my 
mouth again.

My rest is short-lived. Immediately, one of the groomsmen comes 
into view and pulls his cock from his pants. This one is 
uncircumcised with an angry red crown. As he approaches my mouth, 
I can smell his musky strong scent. I do not want to suck his 
cock, but I have no choice. It starts to enter my mouth through 
the O-ring and I feel him on my tongue.

Instantly, I do not care. I feel strong hands grip my ass cheeks. 
They sting from the earlier assault. Someone tugs at my buttplug. 
It does not come out easily, and they tug hard to dislodge it. I 
know now that the time has come. I have fantasized and waited for 
this moment for years. No more plugs. No more dildos. No more of 
my Mistress's strap-ons pressing into my hole. I have never 
experienced a real man. But I will now. My virginity is for his 
taking. I will give my pussy to this man. Before all of these 
guests assembled, I will submit my body completely to his 
pleasure. My own cock swells as I realize what is about to 
happen. And I feel truly like a slut, with a cock even now 
swelling in my mouth and another about to enter my hole.

My husband is not gentle. There is little lubricant to ease the 
way. I feel the pressure on my hole. I try to relax and allow it 
to happen. There is no need to worry. I hear my Mistress yell

 "Now!", 

and he shoves brutally past my anal ring down deep into my 
bowels. I hear clapping in the distance and a woman in the crowd 
say 

"Yeah!". 

My husband pulls partly out, and then slams back into me again. 
My Mistress's largest strap-on pales in comparison to the huge 
cock that invades me. He is being rough, and I realize that I am 
being raped and ravaged. He will make me hurt, maybe bleed. He 
strokes in and out, picking up his rhythm and burrowing deeper 
and deeper.

While I had been preoccupied with my husband, I suddenly feel the 
cock within my mouth twitch and then burst with its seed. I have 
no choice but to swallow it. I then realize that none of the men 
are using a condom. All I can do is hope that Mistress had these 
men take the same medical tests as she made me. The cock in my 
mouth pulls out, and the last groomsman takes his place. At this 
point, I am beyond caring. My mind moves to a different level. I 
think about how I must look. The slut bride, servicing a cock in 
her mouth while her groom fucks her from behind. What a show I 
must be putting on for the crowd. How hot and horny it must be 
making the guests.

Then, I hear my groom groan. He shoves all the way into me, and I 
feel a warmth deep inside me. He has emptied his seed into me. He 
has made me a full woman. He stays in me for a moment, and soon I 
receive my second load of cum from his other groomsman. I now 
revel in the cum. It is thick. I feel it slide down my throat as 
I try and swallow. He moves away, and I feel the other cock slide 
from my ass. My groom comes around up to my mouth. "Clean up 
time", he announces as he slides is semi-limp cock into my mouth. 
I use my tongue to lick and caress his cock as he moves it around 
within my mouth. Finally, satisfied, he moves out of my mouth and 
pulls up his pants.

"Thanks everyone, the parties over", my Mistress announces. 

I hear people start to get up and move about. I hear my Mistress 
thanking people and people saying their good-byes. After about 15 
minutes, the room is quiet. My Mistress returns. She pulls off my 
veil, and then unlocks the O-ring gag around my head. My jaws 
ache as she withdraws it. It seems like my mouth has been open 
for hours.

"Well slave, I hope you liked your fantasy" she says. 

"Oh Mistress, I can't believe you have done this for me. It was 
the most incredible scene I could have ever imagined. How did you 
get everyone to participate?" I ask. 

"It was not too hard", she replies. "Everyone who was here were 
long-time scene members and trusted friends. It was a little 
risky, but most people wanted to see a scene like this. They were 
just amazed you would agree to it."

"Thank you Mistress. I will forever remember this and work to 
please you for the rest of my life" I say.

"Oh, I know you will. As a matter of fact, you will do so now.", 
she says.

Mistress uncuffs my hands and legs, and then helps me off the 
punishment bench. She has me lay down on the floor on my back. 
She smiles her evil smile, and then proceeds to squat above me. 
She reaches down, and unsnaps the lower crotch of her outfit. I 
see that she has shaved recently, her beautiful womanhood is 
revealed before my eyes. 

"Open wide slave", she commands. 

I open my mouth, and she settles down on her knees above my 
mouth. Slowly she lowers herself until my mouth is engulfed by 
her nether lips. Her golden juices start to flow, and I gulp 
quickly to take them all in. She pisses a huge quantity, and it 
seems to take forever until she is empty.

"Now service me", she commands. 

And as she settles down even further and my tongue reaches out to 
find her hidden place, I know that I will worship her for the 
rest of my life.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  plugged_tv


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





