BDSM Library - Night of the Horny Zombies




Night of the Horny Zombies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Zombies attack and rape women into submission!  Girl lead gets raped by her undead father and loves it!
Disclamer; this is only a piece of fiction!  If you are offended by zombies,
rape, or fuck whores; then don't read the below story.  You have been warned!




Night of the Horny Zombies

By Uncle Sickey





Stacy ran down the dark alleyway; her breath echoing in the close confines of
her dubious pathway.  She didn't know what happened to bring the zombies' to
life; but they were tearing up the small town of Ugenesport, her hometown.  It
had all happened so fast; no one could offer resistance to the walking dead. 
Small groups had fled, but when the rush to escape had hit the townsfolk; the
streets had clogged with traffic, offering an all-you-can-eat buffet for the
flesh-hungry zombies.  Stacy was attending a small community college where she
was shacking up with her boyfriend.  He wasn't good for much but sex, but he
finally did something good for her as he fought off the zombie's breaking into
their dormitory room; giving her time to escape. 

Now, Stacy was sprinting for the interstate and her life; the nighttime campus
was echoing with the screams of the unbelieving living and the crunch of undead
teeth eating their living prey.  The buxom blonde knew enough to stay away from
groups of people, they drew zombies like moths to a flame.  Hiding behind a
dumpster; Stacy watched as Jennifer; the big-breasted cheerleader was knocked to
the ground by two zombies! Her eyes wide in terror as they were; practically
jumped out of their sockets as the zombies started ripping and tearing her
cheerleader outfit off of her squirming, squealing body!  Stacy gasped as she
watched the undead groping and fondling Jennifer's screaming body, making Stacy
unbearably horny!  She rubbed her juicing slit as she watched the show in front
of her hiding place.

Jennifer screamed and sobbed as one zombie held her arms to her sides as the
other one leant forward; drool and other juices dribbling out of his rotted lips
as he sucked and licked her massive breasts; making Jennifer twist and try to
escape the zombie's lust.  Her clear scream echoed in the small park as the
tit-sucking zombie started fingering and rubbing her neatly shaved pussy!  This
continued for a few minutes, until Jennifer's pussy juice was covering the
undead zombie finger.  He withdrew his finger and the other zombie threw her
onto the cool grass, her breasts mashing underneath her weight as she landed. 
Jennifer tried to scrabble away; but was stopped as one zombie grabbed her
around her hips and brutally shoved his rotting cock deep into her snatch! 
Jennifer's mouth opened into a 'oh' shape as her mind tried to comprehend what
was happening.  The other undead took his cue and rammed his own cock into her
open mouth; his balls slapping lewdly against her chin as the two zombie's
started using the sweating, jiggling cheerleader's body as their own fuck-toy! 

Stacy's hand was a blur as she finger-fucked herself in a lust induced frenzy;
her breath came through clenched teeth as her nipples popped; straining the
fabric of her button up sweater.  Reaching with her other hand, the buxom blonde
opened her top halfway; allowing her ample tit flesh to flop out and bounce as
she cupped and squeezed each one, savoring the sensations.  She knew that she
must get away; but watching the huge titted cheerleader being raped by two
zombies was too much for her.  She just had to watch the lewd rape; it excited
her so much, that it looked like she peed her panties as she came again and
again, biting her lower lip so she wouldn't make a sound.  Stacy's eyes were
drawn to the massive tits of Jennifer as they bounced and swayed under the
incessant zombie pounding.  Back and forth, up and down and side to side the
cheerleader's juggs bounced; the undead were raping her so hard that they lewdly
slapped and smacked her heaving belly.

Jennifer's screams of outrage slowly became sobs of passion as the
none-too-bright girl gave herself to the undead's lust!  Stacy couldn't believe
her eyes as Jennifer eagerly backed her heated pussy against the zombie's
thrusting cock; as she slurped and licked the cock in her mouth; making herself
a sex-crazed spectacle.  Stacy's kneeling form shivered and bucked as she pulled
her panties to the side and roughly shoved three fingers deep into her gaping
fuckhole; making the petite girl whimper in sympathy to the lust coursing
through her own body!  She timed her finger thrusts to the thrusting of the
zombie slamming his pelvis into Jennifer's jiggling buttocks.

The zombie's, even though undead; still had some primal instincts, as Stacy
looked about the small park; her breath caught in her throat.  All over the
grassy park; college girls were being fucked in various positions by the undead! 
From small-titted Stephanie, the librarian; who was being ass fucked into
submission by a huge cocked zombie.  To the campus slut Bonnie, who was being
triple penetrated; their greasy cocks making her groan and gush with lust as she
voraciously sucked off the zombie cock in her mouth, her hands were a blur as
she jacked off two other zombies who were attracted by her buxom form!  All over
the campus, college girls were slowly giving their orifice's to the undead's
lustful urges!

It seemed that the zombie's were killing all of the men; and raping the women,
something in their undead presence or even their semen was making all of the
women they were fucking into insatiable cock slaves!  Just being in their
presence was making Stacy horny beyond all belief!  Barely able to control
herself; Stacy crept away from the unbelievable sex show that was taking place
in the quad.  On shaky legs, Stacy started to recover from her multiple orgasms;
she knew that if she was to escape, she had to get past the pre-med building to
the back gate and freedom!  Coming out from the darkened alley, Stacy
accidentally ran into two zombies!  One was a large black man, now a
greenish-black; and the other was her own father!  He had died from a hear
attack over a year ago; so the two of them were still in pretty good shape. 
Stacy had forgotten that the town cemetery was only a mile down the road from
the back gate; so much for that route of escape! 

Yelping in surprise, Stacy jumped back as the black zombie reached for her; his
fingers only caught the hem of her sweater.  He still gripped the fragile fabric
as Stacy's feet stumbled backwards; making her fall and tearing the sweater off
of her body; revealing her large breasts to the dim light of a streetlight
flickering overhead.  Knocking her head on the concrete, Stacy saw stars in her
eyes; until she felt the cold grip of the zombie's grabbing at her; pulling off
her remaining skirt and panties, leaving her nude before she could get her
bearings!

Looking up, Stacy could only see two huge cocks swaying before her face!  Before
she could get away, the black zombie brutally shoved the tip of his enormous
cock into Stacy's succulent mouth; making her gag and moan around the invading
member.  His hands wrapped themselves into her hair; trapping Stacy as she
watched her undead Daddy stumble behind her; his own thick cock swaying about
madly as he knelt behind her; preparing to mount his own daughter!

Stacy tried to fight, but something in the zombie's cock juice dribbling into
her mouth was making her docile and submissive; so the violent thrashing she
tried to do; only became the seductive swaying of her tanned and taut buttocks
as her Daddy gripped the tight ass meat in his cold, dead grip!  Stacy, now
under control of the zombies, reached up to cup and fondle the undead testicles
in front of her as she relaxed her throat muscles and started to expertly
deep-throat the zombie as she moaned and gushed as she felt the tip of her
undead Daddy's cock split her labia and thrust deeply into her wet and wanting
cunt!  Caught between the two of them, Stacy gave herself to their desire;
happily becoming their happy little receptacle!  Grunting and groaning, the
blonde girl's body shuddered and bounced as the two zombie's buried their cocks
deep into her body!  Over and over, she climaxed as her Daddy's cock plunged
deep into her; until his balls smacked against her clitoris; sending her over
the edge again and again! 

The massive cock in her mouth swelled up; and Stacy eagerly gulped down and
swallowed most of his huge load of cum; the remainder flowing from her bruised
lips to dribble down her chin and onto the ground.  The zombie cum churning in
her belly made Stacy their slave completely!  Gasping for breath, Stacy felt her
own vaginal walls tighten around her father's cold cock as he filled her womb
with his own undead seed; making her wail in rapture as she climaxed again; her
hips bucking and bouncing as she collapsed in exhaustion from the brutal zombie
rape. 

Stacy knew that she would be their willing fuck slave from that moment on;
whatever undead came by, she knew that she would eagerly take his lust into her
mouth, pussy or asshole; just to make him, and her happy!  She smiled as she
drifted off to sleep; dreaming about fucking armies of zombies and drinking all
of their cum!  Stacy moaned as she felt her undead father gather her up in his
arms; like she was a child and thrilled to the touch as he nibbled and suckled
on her pert nipples.

Slowly, the zombie father stumbled back to his house; Stacy knew it would be a
family reunion to be remembered!



The End

(for now!)



NIGHT OF THE HORNY ZOMBIES PART II  
DAWN OF THE LUSTFUL DEAD  
DISCLAIMER: The following story contains consensual sexual relations between
  men and women/women and women. It also contains references between the undead
  and the living. If this offends you, don't read any further! If you want to
  read about women having sex with zombies, then read on!  
 &hellip;Again and again, Stacy moaned as her zombie father rammed
      his thick cock deeply into her quivering fuckbox; each powerful stroke
      fanned the flames of her desire, until the young woman was screaming with
      release; her cum mixing with her zombie father's as he filled her cunt
      with his cold, dead semen!   
   
   Stacy awoke, her eyes wide with fear; as she looked
  about. She was in her old bedroom, the one she grew up in. Covering the walls
  were dog-eared posters of her favorite boy bands, her stuffed animal collection,
  and various little knick-knacks that she had collected in her youth. Slowly,
  her breathing slowed to a normal pace, as did her heart as she calmed herself
  down from the terror-inducing dream. Was it a dream?   Stacy
  thought, as she examined herself, nothing to see but a few scrapes and scratches
  that could have come from anywhere. Looking at herself in the mirror, she saw
  that she had on a white baby doll t-shirt and a clean pair of panties. Licking
  her lips, she didn't taste anything in her mouth; no cum residue, nothing!
  Unsteadily, she looked at herself in the mirror, aside from some frazzled hair;
  she was the same as she always was.  
 Gasping and moaning, Stacy's breasts jiggled to and fro as she
      eagerly lapped up the zombie cum spattered on her heaving chest as another
      zombie slammed his rotting penis deep into her widespread cunt, each thrust
      making her coo in pleasure as she licked her lips and took her father's
      dead cock into her succulent mouth once again; hungry for more cum &hellip;   
   
 Shaking her head, Stacy couldn't get the image of her fucking dead flesh
  out of her mind. It was too clear, to deeply burnt in her mind to be a dream
  she thought as she put on some clothes out of her drawer. How did
  she get here, though?  Stacy thought as she pulled on some blue
  jean shorts and a tube top; the fabric straining to keep her breasts in check
  as the buxom college student pulled on some flip flops and started searching
  the house; needing some answers.  
 Looking in the bedrooms on the second floor; she saw no one and heard nothing. "Strange?" she
  thought, as she started down the stairs, "Nobody seems to be home". Walking
  into the kitchen, Stacy made some coffee and toast, eating the toast with little
  bites and luxuriating in the strong, hot coffee as it flowed down her throat
  and into her stomach; warming her. Getting bored, Stacy turned on the little
  Television on the counter and almost dropped her coffee cup at the image it
  showed her, flickering and static-filled though it was.  
 Instead of the morning newscast, Stacy watched dumbfounded as the little
  Asian reporter, Akiko Takanawa was moaning, saliva drooling out of her slack
  mouth as a rotting zombie was thrusting a truly enormous cock deeply into her
  asshole! Each thrust making the little Asian woman moan and gasp in pain and
  pleasure; her eyes half-closed as her little, petite body was being raped by
  the undead! Stacy's nipples popped as she watched Akiko's head being lifted
  up as a undead woman started grinding her zombie pussy into her face; the undead
  pussy juice quickly coating her frantically licking and slobbering face! The
  unholy threesome continued for a few more minutes, until Stacy could see many
  more zombies; both men and woman approaching the petite Asian and knocking
  the camera over, breaking the lens, but leaving the audio. Stacy gasped as
  she heard Akiko begging and pleading to be raped forever, her gurgles and moans
  of pleasure slowly fading away, until only static was on the television. Picking
  up the remote, Stacy tried other channels to no avail; only static revealed
  itself to her.  
 It wasn't a dream! I did fuck my dead father and loved it!   The
  realization hit her like a brick, leaving her woozy and unsteady as she relived
  the previous night's debauchery. Looking down, Stacy saw a wet patch between
  her legs; she was getting wet just watching the Asian's brutal rape on TV!
  Biting her lower lip, Stacy thought she heard something coming from the basement.
  Not a loud noise, just something different  . Looking
  about, Stacy grabbed a thick-handled kitchen knife and a large flashlight and
  opened the door to the basement.  
 Hearing nothing, the buxom blonde warily tried the lights, nothing happened.
  Turning on the flashlight, she gingerly stepped down the stairs; fear coursing
  through her body as she entered the darkness, the little ray of light leading
  her path. Going quietly from room to room, she found nothing; only one room
  remained; her father's private room. It was a room that only he went into when
  her needed some private time, Stacy was never allowed inside; only her mother
  was, on occasion. Touching the knob, Stacy pressed her ear to the oak door
  and again heard the strange sound! Scared but determined, Stacy slowly turned
  the knob and opened the door breathless at what she saw within,  
 Lit by candles, Stacy saw two zombies! One was her father, and the other
  was her own little brother! Only 16 years old, Stacy's brother had been heavily
  involved in athletics; leaving him with a muscular body (which she secretly
  craved!). Watching him, she noticed he was pumping his hips; looking down,
  Stacy saw what he was pumping into!  
  
 On her hands and knees, Stacy's mother was eagerly swallowing her own son's
  cock! Again and again, she watched her beautiful mother's cheeks balloon and
  hollow to the beat of her child's face fucking. What made Stacy breathless
  was the obviously lustful moans she made while sucking her son's throbbing
  cockmeat! Drool dripped from her chin as the mature mother of two wantonly
  suckled her son's cock; loving every inch of it as he fed it between her full,
  succulent lips. Behind her, Stacy saw her zombie father savagely fucking his
  own thick penis into her dripping pussy; lewd slapping sounds coming from her
  as Daddy's thick cock plunged deeper and deeper into Mommy's slick pussy, her
  juices mixing with the undeads; until his heavy testicles were slapping against
  her spread labia!  
 Seeing this, Stacy dropped the knife and watched quietly, her skin becoming
  hot, so she pulled off the tiny tube top; her ample breasts flopping out as
  she bent over and quickly pulled off her shorts. Looking down, she saw the
  glistening sheen of her own pussy juice dripping down her inner thighs; she
  was so horny! Taking the flashlight, Stacy put the bulb end down and slowly
  lowered her hips; reveling in the rough texture of the handle as it parted
  her labia, her pussy juices coating the top of the handle. Looking directly
  into her mother's eyes; Stacy saw only lust and wanton abandon! Slowly lowering
  herself, Stacy moaned quietly as the thick flashlight handle penetrated her
  dripping snatch; stretching her inner vaginal walls as she bounced up and down
  to the beat of her brother's fucking! Seeing her own mother being molested
  by her family made her wetter than she had ever been before; making it easy
  to fuck the flashlight. Watching her own daughter masturbate with a flashlight
  also turned on Stacy's mommy; her moans and groans of lust echoing in the small
  room as she let herself be used like a zombie fuck slave!  
 Again and again, Stacy fucked the flashlight; until she couldn't take it
  anymore! Propping herself against the cool wall, she luxuriated in its rough
  texture as she gripped the flashlight and furiously hammered it into her widespread
  pussy! Gasping and grunting with ecstasy; Stacy's hand was a blur as she jabbed
  and slammed the hard metal flashlight into her cunt. Pussy juice was coating
  it as she felt her hips buck and write of their own violation as she climaxed
  around the handle. Stacy's juices flooded out of her pussy as she came; completely
  coating her hand in the process! Collapsing to the floor in lustful exhaustion,
  Stacy watched her mother eagerly lick the tip of her undead brother's cock
  until his cum shot out; spattering and covering her lewdly twisted face; the
  thick cum dripping off of her angelic face! "Oooohhhhhh Stacy! Your brother's
  cum tastes so very good! Come have some!" her mother cooed, her face slick
  with semen. Crawling on her hands and knees, Stacy's moist tongue snaked out
  to taste her brother's cum. It did taste good! As she licked and sucked her
  mother's face clean, she raised her mother's mouth to hers and savored the
  wicked act of French kissing her own mother! Around and around, mother and
  daughter's tongues fought each other in the wet, moist cavern of their mouths;
  fighting for supremacy. Reaching underneath, Stacy cupped and kneaded her mother's
  proud, pert breasts; grinding her hard nipples between her fingers as she reveled
  in the guttural moan escaping from both of their mouths!  
 Taking up the glistening flashlight, "If brother's cum tastes good, try
  mine!" she said as she placed the hard metal handle against her mothers' lips.
  Licking her daughter's pussy juice from the flashlight, mommy looked up at
  her daughter "It does taste good, Stacy! I want more!" Seeing the desperate
  look in her eyes, Stacy started fucking her mother's face with the flashlight, "That's
  it mommy! Suck it all off!" feeling of power flooded the young girl as she
  dominated her mother in ways the zombies could not; the feeling intoxicated
  her, driving her on. "You like to be a fuck slut, don't you mother? You like
  it when your children fuck the shit out of you? Say it, slut! Tell my how much
  you love to be fucked like the whore you are. Say it!" Stacy practically shouted
  at her mother while removing the wet, dripping flashlight from her abused mouth. "I'll
  admit it, mistress. I love to be used! Your father always shared me with his
  friends and even animals! I need to be fucked like a whore, because that's
  what I am! I am a whore that needs cock, any cock to fill me with cum!"  
 Feeling her brother's cold touch on her nipples, making her swoon with desire;
  Stacy felt his thick cock probing and prodding between her legs; his precum
  dribbling out of his cock to drip onto her inner thighs. "Well, mother; you're
  gonna get your wish today!" she stated as she guided her brother's dead body
  to lie down; his shaft sticking straight and proud. "You're going watch me
  ride you own son's cock like the whore that I  am!" Stacy
  said half-groaning as she impaled herself onto her brother's stiff cock; loving
  every inch as it slid completely within her desperately clutching cunt! Stacy
  lowered herself onto her elbows onto the carpeting covering the floor; loving
  the look on her mother's face as she watched her son's cock plunge into her
  daughter's dripping snatch; completely coating the undead flesh with her juices.
  Working her hips, both mother and daughter enjoyed fucking the zombie men;
  moaning and grunting as they rode the wave of their mutual lust and passion.  
 Enjoying the deep fucking her brother was giving her, Stacy looked at her
  mother's drooling face "You want to eat my pussy don't you mother? You want
  to stick your tongue inside of my pretty pussy and suck the juices out, don't
  you slut? Well, just watch this mommy!" Stacy gushed as she pulled her brother's
  cock out of her pussy and guided it to her puckered anus! "Watch you daughter
  get ass fucked by her own brother, mommy!" She said passionately as she eased
  her brother's cock against her rubbery anus. Her brother wasn't having any
  of this though; grabbing her hips, Stacy's brother rammed his cock balls deep
  inside of Stacy's unprepared asshole; stretching it wide. "Aaaaaaggghhh! Damn
  it Scott! Oooohhhhhhhyyyeeessss!" Stacy cried as her asshole stretched further
  than than it had ever been before. It seemed that Stacy was built for ass fucking;
  her anal walls easily accommodated her brother Scott's enormous cock like she
  had been born to it!  
 Relaxing, Stacy let her brother Scott ram and slam his cock deep inside
  of her bruised asshole; loving every brutal thrust of his "Ooooooohhhhhh Scott!
  I have always dreamed of this! Keep fucking! Keep fucking your big sister!" she
  cried out in passion as her mother leant forward; a look on her face that would
  burn itself into Stacy's mind forever. Stacy watched her slut mother, her tongue
  lolling out of her mouth like she was nearing water; bury her face into Stacy's
  dripping snatch! Feeling her mother's experienced tongue inside of her pussy;
  licking and slurping up her juices like they were the best aphrodisiac in the
  world! Combined with the savage ass fucking her brother was giving, it wasn't
  long until Stacy's eyes rolled up into her head as she screamed with climax;
  her body was sweating and writhing about like she was being electrocuted as
  orgasm followed orgasm; her own female cum covering her mother's lapping mouth
  and chin with it, making it glisten in the candlelight.  
 Stacy squeezed her asshole as hard as she could, whimpering as she felt
  his cum flood out, filling her asshole completely! "Ooohhh mommy! Getting fucked
  up the ass is the best feeling in the world! You ate my pussy so good; would
  you like to eat Scott's cum out of my asshole?" Stacy moaned as her mother
  nodded earnestly. Pulling her hips up, Scott's cock flopped out with an audible
  'pop'! Turning around, Stacy knelt between her brother's undead thighs stroking
  and pulling on his still hard shaft as she backed her asshole into her mother's
  face! "Eat it mommy! Eat my ass out, whore!" she hissed as she relaxed her
  asshole; letting the cold, dead cum flood out! Arching her back, Stacy moaned
  as her slut mother eagerly lapped up and sucked every drop of Scott's cum out
  of her asshole, making her cum again! Closing her eyes, Stacy lowered her mouth
  and started licking and slurping all of her juices off of her brother's cock;
  loving the taste of her cum and ass on his throbbing shaft. Mommy's tongue
  was deeply buried inside of Stacy asshole when she felt her mother's moan of
  climax through her ass as Daddy's cock finally disgorged a simply enormous
  amount of cum inside of her wildly clasping cunt! There was so much of it;
  a lot of the gooey white cum flooded out of her spread cunt and splattered
  onto the floor between her spread legs!  
 Stacy was busy licking and sucking her brother's cock; she loved the cool,
  dead texture of it when she felt her mother climb on top of her back; grinding
  and hammering her hard clit against Stacy's pelvic bone in search of more incestuous
  sensations! Feeling her mother's hard nipples digging into the soft flesh of
  her back Stacy pulled her shamelessly sucking mouth off of Scott's penis to
  see her mother's face slide next to hers as both mother and daughter licked
  and sucked on Scott's turgid shaft; coating it with their saliva as the females
  indulged their wicked urges by sucking his cock together!  
 Stacy's mouth opened into a 'oh' shape as she felt her father's cock plunge
  into her asshole; making her pussy gush with juice as her mother moaned around
  her son's cock head as her zombie husband plunged three fingers deep into her
  cum-coated pussy; fucking both of them in time as they savored the tangy taste
  of Scott's cock! Over and over, the undead father plunged his cock into his
  wildly bucking daughter; while finger-fucking his living wife; until with a
  silent cry, the zombie filled his little girl with his thick, cold seed; and
  his wife's own climax covered his fingers with her clean, clear cum! Pulling
  out, the undead man shuffled out of the room; sated for the time being.  
 Stacy and mommy licked and sucked on Scott's cock; kissing each other occasionally,
  tasting the cum inside each other's warm mouths. "Ohhhhhh Stacy!" mommy gushed "I
  want to be like this forever! I want to be your cunt slave while fucking my
  son!" Kissing her brother's cock first, Stacy whispered sultrily, "Mommy, you
  can eat my pussy and asshole anytime you want, you fucking slut!" Getting back
  to the undead boy; mother and daughter were soon covered in his cum; his cock
  like a mini fire hose as his cum flooded their wildly sucking mouths; and covering
  their adorable faces with the white goo.  
His own orgasm fulfilling some unknown instinct; the zombie boy also shuffled
  out of the room; leaving mother and daughter to lick and eat the zombie cum
  off of each other's faces. As the zombie closed the door, Stacy; her skin glowing
  in the candlelight, slowly spread her legs and pulled her kneeling mother's
  face deep into her wet pussy; their moans of passion muffled by the heavy oaken
  door as it shut on the incestuous scene&hellip;  
The End (for now)  
Stay tuned for Chapter 3:  
The real pet cemetery!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Uncle Sickey


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





