BDSM Library - An Angel falls to Earth




An Angel falls to Earth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl with a crush on a DJ heads to a rave he is playing at, and ends up with a night she will never forget.
An Angel falls to Earth

The industrial music was beating out a fast pulse for the crowd, and the lights
were flashing as the mass of bodies on the dance floor were jumping up and down
and moving in every way possible. The DJ was doing a good job keeping the crowd
on the edge of full frenzy. She was on the edge of the mass. She had dressed up
in her best black leather skirt, snug black t-shirt that only came down to just
above her navel, and black leather boots with modest heels for dancing. She
wanted to show off her pierced belly button, and was hoping to attract HIS
attention.

She had had her eye on him for months. He was one of the DJs and was currently
hanging out to the side of the booth on the second level overlooking the dance
floor. He had just finished spinning for the night, but liked to hang with the
other DJs after a long set. He was often surrounded by some of the most amazing
groupies, and he always seemed to have a dance partner. Once again tonight, his
set had been amazing, and the follow-up DJ was able to keep the excitement level
up. She felt a slight glow from all the energetic dancing she had been doing.

She could still remember the first time she saw him. She was a senior in
college, and had been dragged here by a group of her friends. She had no clue
what to wear, so she had worn just jeans, tennis shoes, and a t-shirt with the
college logo on it. She just shook her head at how out of place she had looked
and felt back. But she was amazed by the music, the beat, the dancing. When her
friends coaxed her to the dance floor, she did her best to dance. She was not
the greatest dancer back then, but she was a fast learner. She had been doing a
nice little simple dance when the music changed. It went from a hip-hop digital
electrical sound to a more dark and deep Goth metal sound. She remembered
feeling her whole body start to pulse with a new sound, as her heart and soul
felt a new emotion. She felt the whole dance floor change moves as she dove
right into the dark pulsing beat. She had been fascinated with the feeling of it
all.

And then she remembered looking up and seeing that the DJs had changed...and HE
was there. Dark hair, black silk shirt, metal necklace (of a dragon, she learned
later) bouncing against his chest. He looked like a god overlooking his kingdom
and knowing he had full control of its emotions and mood. She had felt that
control on herself as she moved to the music. He would slow down, then speed up
the beat seamlessly. With his hand on the turntable and his selection of music
night after night, it almost felt like foreplay with a mob of people on the
dance floor.

She had to know his name, so she managed to sneak off the dance floor and hit
the bar to ask the bartender to get her a SweetTart and the name of the DJ. She
learned he went by Dark Thunder. She has been in total shock as she went home
with her friends. As soon as she got back to her computer she had looked up the
club name on the Internet and found all the nights he was set up to spin. She
tried to talk her friends into going back each and every night he spun, but only
got them all back once or twice more, so she started to go on her own. She
learned fast that black leather or silk and metal were the uniforms that the
rave/Goth crowd wore, so she slowly got a complete set of dance clothes.

On one of the nights she went, she remembered him getting off a set and playing
with one of the groupies' pierced belly button and tongue rings. While she could
not bring herself to get her tongue done, she did get her belly button done, as
it was all the rage, and she knew he would like it. She had managed to get close
to the second-floor DJ booth a few times, but with all the other girls up there
trying to get close also, she had always felt a little nervous. She had managed
to get him to sign a few demo-cards the club used as advertising with his
picture on them, but she had been almost too scared to say more than a few
words. She remembered him being amused by her being so shy around him. She
almost always fled soon afterward. She might be able to dress the part well, but
she was having trouble mustering the ease that the rave crowds had.

Tonight she was more determined than ever to try to get his attention. She had
never approached him in this outfit before, and hoped the navel piercing might
get him to want her to hang out a little while. She wanted his attention like a
drug.

She got into the rhythm of the mass of bodies and started to bob, dance, and
slide through the crowd and up the stairs. She waited in the background while he
flirted and signed a few autographs for some fans. They finally got up to leave,
and she felt butterflies in her stomach. She was still bouncing to the music
when she could almost feel a chill down her spine. Thunder was still chatting
with his DJ friend, but his eyes were now locked on her. He pointed a finger at
her and did a come-here motion with it. Her eyes got wide, but her body just
kind of danced over to him while her mind was frozen in fear and nervousness.

"So, Miss Young and Shy is out and about and looking more like a fallen angel
than a schoolgirl tonight. My oh my, will wonders never cease?" Thunder said.
The other DJ laughed and looked her over also. "So, Miss Angel on the edge of
losing her halo, what brings you around to my electric darkness? You normally
play it safe and let the music wash over you from a distance, and do not venture
too close to the edge of the abyss," he said in his rich, silky voice. "You
should be careful, 'cause once you fall in, most angels never get to leave." She
was amazed that his voice could wash through her as easily as his music.

She blushed from head to toe. She did not think he even knew who she was, or
that he noticed her to the point to know she was around a lot. She stopped
dancing when she was standing right in front of him. She was still trying to
find her tongue, but the right words would just not come. Thunder chuckled a
little and said, "I think we just put our angel here into the headlights, and
she has frozen." He reached forward and put his right hand on her stomach and
ran his finger around her belly ring. "Miss Angel looks good with a ring through
her. I wonder if it is there to jump-start her," he teased as he lightly pulled
on it, causing her to step just inches away from him now, and all but pressing
into him, but as yet not touching anywhere but his hand on her stomach.

She could not believe how foolish she was acting. She finally had his attention,
and she HAD to prove she was not just some shy college girl trying to play on
the edge. His touch was like his name, throwing dark electricity through her.
She started to slowly sway back and forth. Then she put her hand on his to hold
it on her stomach as she started to dance to the music again. She wanted to show
she was not that deer in the headlights, and she had to let off the energy her
body was sending through her. His DJ friend just chuckled before wandering away
and said, "I will see you later. Do not play too hard with this angel--you might
break her, and that would be a shame." She could not believe he did not think
she belonged here. She was trying so hard to belong. She would do anything to be
a part of Thunder's world.

"You going to dance for me, angel? Or you going to DANCE with me and show me you
are not just moonlighting on earth?" Thunder asked. She was feeling hot all
over, and scared she might do something wrong--but to do nothing would also be
just as bad. She made a choice to do anything she could to make this moment last
for as long as possible. She reached down and took his other hand and put it
just above her hip, so that it was touching her flesh like his other hand
already was. She moved his hand that was on her stomach to her other side. "I
would love to dance with you," she finally managed to say.

"So the angel has a voice after all," he smiled as he started to move with her
and fall into dance.

She had no clue how long she danced. All she knew was his eyes were on her, his
hands were on her, and she could feel the beat of the music against her skin,
and could almost feel his heart beating as fast as hers. It was a primal jungle
beat playing now, and she almost wondered if the other DJ was playing it for
Thunder and his pleasure. The current DJ was good, but nowhere near the talent
Thunder was.

He would spin her and pull her to him from behind. She could feel his hands
slide right over her slightly sweaty flesh when he circled her stomach with his
hands to hold her to him, and she never thought she could feel anything she
wanted to continue more.

He finally pulled her off the dance floor back toward the DJ area and sat her
down. She was confused at why he was doing that, and she realized she was very
light-headed. "Do not move, little angel," he said as he disappeared from her
vision. She liked being told not to move, because that meant he was coming back.
It meant he wanted her here for some reason. She liked him telling her what to
do. She closed her eyes for a second and woke up fast as she felt ice-cold
lightning flash up her hand and arm. She looked down and there was an open
bottle of water in her hand. "Drink, little angel, you are WAY dehydrated, and
when I think of you falling to earth, I would rather you not do it face first
and unaware of the amazing experience it should be," he teased. She thought she
was past the blushing part, but that statement did her in. She has lost track of
her own body responses in the middle of all that dancing, because she never
wanted it to end.

She drank the whole bottle of water in no time flat, and was handed another
half-filled bottle. "You need it way more than I do, little angel." He had given
her his water as well. She all but glowed at that thought as she drank it. He
sat down beside her and pulled her against him, so her back was up against his
side with his left arm leaning over her shoulders a little. She had to lean back
in the chair a little and kick her legs out to fit.

"So, little angel, what changed tonight that you are willing to enter my domain
so bravely?" he asked.

"I wanted to get to know you better. Why do you call me little angel?" she
replied.

"'Cause that is what you are, a pure and beautiful young angel that is flying
closer and closer to the Dark Thunder that might strike and cause you to fall to
earth. You have not been a part of the electric music world long. But you are
being swept away by it, I can see. I like angels, but only fallen angels can
live in my world for long." He said he likes angels. He said she was an angel.
She wondered what it would take to be a part of his world. She wanted him so
badly, and if he wanted a fallen angel, she wanted to become one with all her
heart.

"So how does an angel fall?" she asked.

He just started to run his left hand down her arm, and his other hand down her
side. "Now that is a little harder to answer. It is more a feeling, a journey, a
transformation. It is a death and a birth. It is a rare event. It is hearts
unlocked, and innocent lost, but passion and inner truth gained," he said.

She did not really understand what he just described, but on some level it spoke
to her soul. Then she had an insight and wondered how close to the mark she was.
"So your music spinning is all about bringing angels down to earth and stripping
them of their wings with a dark passion that consumes their souls?"

His hands that had been caressing her stopped moving. She turned to her left so
she could see his face. His eyes were an intense blue, and they felt like they
were burning into her soul. She was afraid she had said the wrong thing. He
started to move his hand toward her face, which startled her, but she did not
move a muscle. But he just lightly stroked her cheek. "Now that is the best
description of my music I have ever heard. I kind of like seeing my spinning
through your eyes." He slid his hand behind her neck and hair and pulled her
toward him. The compliment of her statement pleased her, but the sudden move
toward him startled her into a yelp, that ended when her mouth reached his, and
he kissed her with a passion that drove all thoughts out of her mind.

While she had some sexual experience and had been with a couple of boys in
college, she never felt much passion about it. It was fun and all, but it was
just that, a little fooling around. This was summoning way beyond that. She had
never felt such passion from a man before. She put her hands on him and felt the
silk shirt he was wearing. She pressed her breasts against him as her hands slid
behind him to hold him. She could feel one of his hands on her ass, and the
other in the middle of her back. All of the music, passion, and intensity of the
night kind of exploded in her mind, and all logic went out of her head. The kiss
went on and on, and when he pushed his tongue into her mouth, she welcomed it
with her own.

After a few minutes, or was that a few years, had gone by, he broke off the kiss
and shook himself a little. "Little angel, I think you are trying to seduce me.
But I am not sure you could survive that close to my soul and me. I am not sure
it is a good idea for me to be playing with an angel," he said.

Her mind whirled for a second, because she could not lose this feeling or this
moment. "Then make me a fallen angel. Make me YOUR fallen angel," she said in a
voice heavy with passion, but speaking from her soul in a way she never had
before.

She could see him visibly shaken by her words. He then locked those intense blue
eyes on hers and asked, "Are you sure, little angel? Once your soul comes in
contact with me, and you fall to earth, there is no going back. You will never
be the same."

Never breaking his gaze, she repeated with just as much passion and conviction
as before, "Make me a fallen angel. And make me yours."

The industrial music was beating out a fast pulse for the crowd, and the lights
were flashing as the mass of bodies on the dance floor were jumping up and down
and moving in every way possible. The DJ was doing a good job keeping the crowd
on the edge of full frenzy. She was on the edge of the mass. She had dressed up
in her best black leather skirt, snug black t-shirt that only came down to just
above her navel, and black leather boots with modest heels for dancing. She
wanted to show off her pierced belly button, and was hoping to attract HIS
attention.

She had had her eye on him for months. He was one of the DJs and was currently
hanging out to the side of the booth on the second level overlooking the dance
floor. He had just finished spinning for the night, but liked to hang with the
other DJs after a long set. He was often surrounded by some of the most amazing
groupies, and he always seemed to have a dance partner. Once again tonight, his
set had been amazing, and the follow-up DJ was able to keep the excitement level
up. She felt a slight glow from all the energetic dancing she had been doing.

She could still remember the first time she saw him. She was a senior in
college, and had been dragged here by a group of her friends. She had no clue
what to wear, so she had worn just jeans, tennis shoes, and a t-shirt with the
college logo on it. She just shook her head at how out of place she had looked
and felt back. But she was amazed by the music, the beat, the dancing. When her
friends coaxed her to the dance floor, she did her best to dance. She was not
the greatest dancer back then, but she was a fast learner. She had been doing a
nice little simple dance when the music changed. It went from a hip-hop digital
electrical sound to a more dark and deep Goth metal sound. She remembered
feeling her whole body start to pulse with a new sound, as her heart and soul
felt a new emotion. She felt the whole dance floor change moves as she dove
right into the dark pulsing beat. She had been fascinated with the feeling of it
all.

And then she remembered looking up and seeing that the DJs had changed...and HE
was there. Dark hair, black silk shirt, metal necklace (of a dragon, she learned
later) bouncing against his chest. He looked like a god overlooking his kingdom
and knowing he had full control of its emotions and mood. She had felt that
control on herself as she moved to the music. He would slow down, then speed up
the beat seamlessly. With his hand on the turntable and his selection of music
night after night, it almost felt like foreplay with a mob of people on the
dance floor.

She had to know his name, so she managed to sneak off the dance floor and hit
the bar to ask the bartender to get her a SweetTart and the name of the DJ. She
learned he went by Dark Thunder. She has been in total shock as she went home
with her friends. As soon as she got back to her computer she had looked up the
club name on the Internet and found all the nights he was set up to spin. She
tried to talk her friends into going back each and every night he spun, but only
got them all back once or twice more, so she started to go on her own. She
learned fast that black leather or silk and metal were the uniforms that the
rave/Goth crowd wore, so she slowly got a complete set of dance clothes.

On one of the nights she went, she remembered him getting off a set and playing
with one of the groupies' pierced belly button and tongue rings. While she could
not bring herself to get her tongue done, she did get her belly button done, as
it was all the rage, and she knew he would like it. She had managed to get close
to the second-floor DJ booth a few times, but with all the other girls up there
trying to get close also, she had always felt a little nervous. She had managed
to get him to sign a few demo-cards the club used as advertising with his
picture on them, but she had been almost too scared to say more than a few
words. She remembered him being amused by her being so shy around him. She
almost always fled soon afterward. She might be able to dress the part well, but
she was having trouble mustering the ease that the rave crowds had.

Tonight she was more determined than ever to try to get his attention. She had
never approached him in this outfit before, and hoped the navel piercing might
get him to want her to hang out a little while. She wanted his attention like a
drug.

She got into the rhythm of the mass of bodies and started to bob, dance, and
slide through the crowd and up the stairs. She waited in the background while he
flirted and signed a few autographs for some fans. They finally got up to leave,
and she felt butterflies in her stomach. She was still bouncing to the music
when she could almost feel a chill down her spine. Thunder was still chatting
with his DJ friend, but his eyes were now locked on her. He pointed a finger at
her and did a come-here motion with it. Her eyes got wide, but her body just
kind of danced over to him while her mind was frozen in fear and nervousness.

"So, Miss Young and Shy is out and about and looking more like a fallen angel
than a schoolgirl tonight. My oh my, will wonders never cease?" Thunder said.
The other DJ laughed and looked her over also. "So, Miss Angel on the edge of
losing her halo, what brings you around to my electric darkness? You normally
play it safe and let the music wash over you from a distance, and do not venture
too close to the edge of the abyss," he said in his rich, silky voice. "You
should be careful, 'cause once you fall in, most angels never get to leave." She
was amazed that his voice could wash through her as easily as his music.

She blushed from head to toe. She did not think he even knew who she was, or
that he noticed her to the point to know she was around a lot. She stopped
dancing when she was standing right in front of him. She was still trying to
find her tongue, but the right words would just not come. Thunder chuckled a
little and said, "I think we just put our angel here into the headlights, and
she has frozen." He reached forward and put his right hand on her stomach and
ran his finger around her belly ring. "Miss Angel looks good with a ring through
her. I wonder if it is there to jump-start her," he teased as he lightly pulled
on it, causing her to step just inches away from him now, and all but pressing
into him, but as yet not touching anywhere but his hand on her stomach.

She could not believe how foolish she was acting. She finally had his attention,
and she HAD to prove she was not just some shy college girl trying to play on
the edge. His touch was like his name, throwing dark electricity through her.
She started to slowly sway back and forth. Then she put her hand on his to hold
it on her stomach as she started to dance to the music again. She wanted to show
she was not that deer in the headlights, and she had to let off the energy her
body was sending through her. His DJ friend just chuckled before wandering away
and said, "I will see you later. Do not play too hard with this angel--you might
break her, and that would be a shame." She could not believe he did not think
she belonged here. She was trying so hard to belong. She would do anything to be
a part of Thunder's world.

"You going to dance for me, angel? Or you going to DANCE with me and show me you
are not just moonlighting on earth?" Thunder asked. She was feeling hot all
over, and scared she might do something wrong--but to do nothing would also be
just as bad. She made a choice to do anything she could to make this moment last
for as long as possible. She reached down and took his other hand and put it
just above her hip, so that it was touching her flesh like his other hand
already was. She moved his hand that was on her stomach to her other side. "I
would love to dance with you," she finally managed to say.

"So the angel has a voice after all," he smiled as he started to move with her
and fall into dance.

She had no clue how long she danced. All she knew was his eyes were on her, his
hands were on her, and she could feel the beat of the music against her skin,
and could almost feel his heart beating as fast as hers. It was a primal jungle
beat playing now, and she almost wondered if the other DJ was playing it for
Thunder and his pleasure. The current DJ was good, but nowhere near the talent
Thunder was.

He would spin her and pull her to him from behind. She could feel his hands
slide right over her slightly sweaty flesh when he circled her stomach with his
hands to hold her to him, and she never thought she could feel anything she
wanted to continue more.

He finally pulled her off the dance floor back toward the DJ area and sat her
down. She was confused at why he was doing that, and she realized she was very
light-headed. "Do not move, little angel," he said as he disappeared from her
vision. She liked being told not to move, because that meant he was coming back.
It meant he wanted her here for some reason. She liked him telling her what to
do. She closed her eyes for a second and woke up fast as she felt ice-cold
lightning flash up her hand and arm. She looked down and there was an open
bottle of water in her hand. "Drink, little angel, you are WAY dehydrated, and
when I think of you falling to earth, I would rather you not do it face first
and unaware of the amazing experience it should be," he teased. She thought she
was past the blushing part, but that statement did her in. She has lost track of
her own body responses in the middle of all that dancing, because she never
wanted it to end.

She drank the whole bottle of water in no time flat, and was handed another
half-filled bottle. "You need it way more than I do, little angel." He had given
her his water as well. She all but glowed at that thought as she drank it. He
sat down beside her and pulled her against him, so her back was up against his
side with his left arm leaning over her shoulders a little. She had to lean back
in the chair a little and kick her legs out to fit.

"So, little angel, what changed tonight that you are willing to enter my domain
so bravely?" he asked.

"I wanted to get to know you better. Why do you call me little angel?" she
replied.

"'Cause that is what you are, a pure and beautiful young angel that is flying
closer and closer to the Dark Thunder that might strike and cause you to fall to
earth. You have not been a part of the electric music world long. But you are
being swept away by it, I can see. I like angels, but only fallen angels can
live in my world for long." He said he likes angels. He said she was an angel.
She wondered what it would take to be a part of his world. She wanted him so
badly, and if he wanted a fallen angel, she wanted to become one with all her
heart.

"So how does an angel fall?" she asked.

He just started to run his left hand down her arm, and his other hand down her
side. "Now that is a little harder to answer. It is more a feeling, a journey, a
transformation. It is a death and a birth. It is a rare event. It is hearts
unlocked, and innocent lost, but passion and inner truth gained," he said.

She did not really understand what he just described, but on some level it spoke
to her soul. Then she had an insight and wondered how close to the mark she was.
"So your music spinning is all about bringing angels down to earth and stripping
them of their wings with a dark passion that consumes their souls?"

His hands that had been caressing her stopped moving. She turned to her left so
she could see his face. His eyes were an intense blue, and they felt like they
were burning into her soul. She was afraid she had said the wrong thing. He
started to move his hand toward her face, which startled her, but she did not
move a muscle. But he just lightly stroked her cheek. "Now that is the best
description of my music I have ever heard. I kind of like seeing my spinning
through your eyes." He slid his hand behind her neck and hair and pulled her
toward him. The compliment of her statement pleased her, but the sudden move
toward him startled her into a yelp, that ended when her mouth reached his, and
he kissed her with a passion that drove all thoughts out of her mind.

While she had some sexual experience and had been with a couple of boys in
college, she never felt much passion about it. It was fun and all, but it was
just that, a little fooling around. This was summoning way beyond that. She had
never felt such passion from a man before. She put her hands on him and felt the
silk shirt he was wearing. She pressed her breasts against him as her hands slid
behind him to hold him. She could feel one of his hands on her ass, and the
other in the middle of her back. All of the music, passion, and intensity of the
night kind of exploded in her mind, and all logic went out of her head. The kiss
went on and on, and when he pushed his tongue into her mouth, she welcomed it
with her own.

After a few minutes, or was that a few years, had gone by, he broke off the kiss
and shook himself a little. "Little angel, I think you are trying to seduce me.
But I am not sure you could survive that close to my soul and me. I am not sure
it is a good idea for me to be playing with an angel," he said.

Her mind whirled for a second, because she could not lose this feeling or this
moment. "Then make me a fallen angel. Make me YOUR fallen angel," she said in a
voice heavy with passion, but speaking from her soul in a way she never had
before.

She could see him visibly shaken by her words. He then locked those intense blue
eyes on hers and asked, "Are you sure, little angel? Once your soul comes in
contact with me, and you fall to earth, there is no going back. You will never
be the same."

Never breaking his gaze, she repeated with just as much passion and conviction
as before, "Make me a fallen angel. And make me yours."

"Let's get out of here," he said, taking her hand in his as he headed for the
back door. In a whirl of motion almost too fast for her to contemplate, she was
sitting in the passenger seat of his jet-black sports car going 100 mph down the
highway. The stereo was blasting a mix she had never heard before, and when she
asked him about it, he said one of his fellow DJs gave it to him as a gift to
enjoy and critique a little. It seemed like but a moment since they left the
club, but she felt the car slowing down, and she thought that just meant they
were only going the speed of sound rather than light. He pulled through a gate
leading to what could only be described a mansion. She turned around and watched
as they traveled up the driveway. She could see the gates closing behind them as
two stone gargoyles stood watch over the entranceway. The car ended up stopping
a lot faster than she thought possible and just slid right into a garage
attached to the mansion. She was still trying to get a grip on everything that
had just happened, when she noticed it was now silent and her car door was open,
and he stood smiling down at her look of total distraction and wonder. "While I
cannot take the credit for buying this place, as I inherited it, I did rebuild
the inside to my own taste." He held out his hand to her, and she took it as he
helped her out of the car.

Her stomach and heart still felt like they were going the speed of light down
the highway. He led her into a large living room. She loved the huge TV on the
wall, and the amazing stereo gear attached to the TV and just lying all over the
area. He smiled as he watched her looking all over the room. "I am always
building my own stuff, to help me DJ, and I just love high-tech toys that deal
with music," he explained as his hand moved to encompass the room. "Hmm, what to
play for this night...ohh... I know just the thing. It started out as a sound
track for a game I was asked to build. Kind of a haunted-house fast-beat action
thing, but I liked it so much, I remixed that with some of my own style of music
and created this," he said as he powered up the stereo.

The stereo sounded more like an angry animal or a living machine. It even had
lights that moved all around it and gave it an unearthly look. Then she heard
the music begin, or what she guessed was music, as it started faintly and slowly
built up. It sounded eerie, and was slowly getting louder and faster, and then
she heard something she had never heard in a rave/electrical mix. Bagpipes
filled the room, but not in any way she had ever heard. It sounded more like a
wail of sound that might wash through the hills for miles to haunt the enemy
with the marching of armies--the type of music that you heard coming through the
highland fog before the scouts or Celts would come screaming out of nowhere to
fight.

She nearly jumped out of her skin when he somehow snuck behind her and slid his
hands around her bare waist. She turned around to face him and was comforted by
his touch, even though she could not get her heart to calm down. Too many new
and strange sensations were bombarding her all at once. "Is my angel a little
startled?" he asked. She was scared he was going to turn her away, and after all
she had gone through to get here and to get him, she had to prove she could take
it all in. She stood tall and did the only thing she could think to try to calm
her nerves and get his interest on her and her alone. She started to dance, and
pulled him into the dance with her. She had never tried to dance to this type of
mix, but she just let her body and the rhythm of the music do the work for her.

She loved that his eyes were now locked on her body as she moved. She kind of
felt like an ancient female warrior dancing the night away before she went off
to battle. He would pull her to him every so often to run his hands down her
body. He was getting a lot more confident as his hands would grab her ass or
skim her breasts now, before she would break off to tease him into trying to
capture her again inside the dance. He started to laugh a little and got a
rather boyish grin on his face. "What are you looking so sly about?" she asked.

"Well, since I wrote the music, I know what is coming up, and I am wondering if
you can keep up with it," he said.

"I can keep up with anything you throw at me," she answered.

"I am counting on that, my little angel, because I am going to make this the
most intense night of your life. This music and dance is just the beginning," he
countered.

Just the beginning? she thought. The more she thought about it, the more her
nerves crept into her stomach again. "You keep calling me your little angel.
What happened to your making me a fallen angel?" she teased to push past the
nervous feeling. Her body was feeling tingly and alive as she danced with him.

"You WILL fall to earth, my little angel. But before the fall, there must be
great celebration that will lead up to the temptation and then the fall. You
must experience the intense Dark Thunder," he said and locked his eyes on her to
make her soul shudder for a few seconds.

The music kept getting faster and faster, but at a pace that was almost
unnoticeable. Then he reached forward and grabbed her and pulled her close,
kissing her hard as the beat of the music just stopped, and that eerie bagpipe
grew stronger. They were panting, and sweaty, and without the beat of the music
going full force she seemed to lack the will to try to break away from him
again. She was hungry for him, and could not keep her hands off of him this
time. His arms were strong, and the rest of him was in top shape, but if he
could dance like this night after night, she was not in the least bit surprised.
Then she heard the beat start up very faintly in the background as the bagpipe
music slowly faded away. He held her to him as he started to move to the beat.
She matched him. They were both still breathing hard. He let go of her for a
moment and stripped off his wet silk shirt and threw it across the room. Then he
grabbed her again and held her against him.

Her wet shirt was not hiding that much of her breasts anyway, and she had an
uncontrollable desire to press her bare breasts into his chest and feel his
heart beating almost with the music against hers. She pulled her shirt and bra
over her head and threw them into a corner before she could think about what she
was doing. She then slowed her dancing down and kissed him, pressing close. Then
she broke off the kiss and started to run her tongue over his chin, down his
neck, and then down his chest. She could taste the salty sweat that was now
almost an equal mix of his and hers. His hands trailed up her back and over her
neck and into her hair as she slid down. She liked the feeling of his hands in
her hair, but she knew where she wanted his hands now. She turned around to rub
her ass against his hips and let his hands slide from her hair to her breasts.
He cupped them and rubbed her hard nipples as she kept grinding her ass into
him.

His hands slipped down to her waist and spun her to face him again. He stopped
her from moving for a second while he looked into her eyes and then slowly
lowered his mouth to devour hers again. When he broke off the kiss he took her
arm and guided her toward a back door in the corner of the living room. It was
pitch black in the room, but it sounded large from the slight echo of the music.
He must have had the whole house wired, cause the music was still playing loudly
and felt like it was coming from every direction at once even in this new room.
He flipped a switch, and in the middle of the room a blue-purple light lit up a
strange-looking bench/chair. The bench had a leather padded bottom that rested
right up against the wooden back that seemed adjustable and way high for a bench
or chair. There were hooks and chains dangling off it, and it seemed to fit the
music and the scary look of the room perfectly. He started to walk her over to
the bench, and as she got closer she noticed she really could not see anything
else at all, as the door to the other room has closed. The whole of the world
she could see now was just the bench lit in that strange glow with all sense of
sound drenched with music.

He turned her to face him and pressed her back onto the bench. He had managed to
pull a chair up from somewhere, so he was sitting facing her at eye level. How
he found the chair in this darkness was beyond her. Her ass barely fit on the
small bench, and she had to sit up very straight. "Ready to be captured, little
angel?" he asked. She nodded her head. "You see the two leather cuffs above your
head. When you are ready, put your hands into them, and they will snap shut."
Her eyes got wide, as she would be at his complete mercy, and the slight
nervousness in her stomach blossomed into almost a full panic attack, but at the
same time she was still half nude, sweaty, and ready for some action. She also
wanted to please him with all that she was. She would not allow a few nerves to
make her disappoint him, and she would prove to everyone she had what it took to
join this lifestyle and be with a man like him.

His vivid blue eyes were just staring at her, awaiting her response. She looked
him in the eye, took a deep breath, and before her nervousness betrayed her, she
swung her arms up into each cuff and pushed back all the way. She felt her
wrists push against some type of lever and SNAP, both sets of leather cuffs
shut. She tried to pull her hands down, but they were trapped. Now she did panic
a little bit as her mind tried to come to terms with what she just did to
herself. Then she saw movement and her eyes locked on him as he leaned forward
from his chair and put his face just inches from hers. "My oh my, now you are a
trapped angel, tied to the earth....But fear not, I know just how to treat
trapped angels." He put a hand under her chin to capture her face and kissed her
hard. Being bound did not seem so bad when he was kissing her like this. She
then felt his hands on her breasts, caressing and teasing. She let out a small
moan as her mind was spinning from everything going on and her own emotions and
hormones screaming inside her.

He stood up to tower over her as he pushed the chair he was in back away from
him. He leaned down and put his hands on her knees. He then pushed her thighs
wide open and leaned his whole body forward to pin them there. She felt her
leather skirt ride up her hips to expose her panties that were soaking wet with
sweat and arousal. Then she felt his hardness right against her pussy with just
her panties against his jeans. "My turn to tease," he told her as he leaned into
another kiss and started to grind himself against her. Now she was starting to
loss control of her mind, and her nervousness just faded away as she got more
and more aroused. Amazing what a little sexual activity can do to turn around
all the worries.

She felt his hands all over her, rubbing against her breasts, moving down her
sides, sliding up her bound arms, all the while kissing and grinding against
her. Then he broke off and lowered his mouth to her nipples and started to suck
on one while fondling her other breast. Then he would switch. She could feel her
hips and legs tensing and releasing, forcing her to grind into the air where his
body was a few moments before. She was going wild with a stronger need than she
had ever felt before in her life, and she had no idea how to deal with it, other
than to get more of this man that was so exquisitely sucking her nipples and
licking her breasts while she was bound on a strange chair with her pussy
sitting off the narrow bench and her knees pinned wide open by his body. She
finally realized he was just going to tease her for a while, and decided to
ask/demand what she needed. "Take me, oh please, I cannot take much more of this
teasing. Take me please, oh god, please take me," she cried out.

"I will take you, above and beyond anything you have ever had before. But I fear
I only make love to fallen angels, and you have yet to fall, my little one. But
do not fear, you shall fall very soon," he said.

She watched him get to his feet and take a step back from her. She started to
close her legs, but she just saw him shake his head a little, and she left her
legs and knees spread wide. He pulled out the chair again and sat on the edge of
it. "Give me your left foot," he told her. She lifted her left foot up to him,
and he grabbed it between his legs and started to undo all the straps on her
boot and pull it off her, along with her sock. "Now your right foot," he
ordered, and she watched as he removed her right boot as well. Then he slid off
the chair again and ran his hands up the inner part of her legs toward her
panties. His fingers skimmed her very wet and aroused pussy through her panties.
It might have been hard to stay on the bench if she were not bound to the back
of it. "Let's get rid of the rest of these earthly coverings, little angel." In
one smooth motion he managed to loosen her belt and pull her skirt and panties
right down her legs and off. She watched in a daze as they flew into the
darkness to disappear as if they had never existed.

She could feel his eyes between her legs, and she really wanted to close them,
but she knew he wanted her to be exposed like this. She could even feel part of
her ass exposed because of the narrow bench she was sitting on. She hoped he
liked the bikini wax she had, but also wondered if he wanted her unshaven or
totally shaven. Too late to worry about it now, she thought. Then he took hold
of her right leg and started to run his tongue from her ankle up to her inner
thigh. She started to shiver a little as she thought about where that tongue
could be heading. He licked right up to the edge of her pussy and then pulled
back with her whimpering just a little as he started on the left leg. When he
got right up to the edge of her pussy again he paused, and made like he was
going to pull back. Right when her eyes got wide with disappointment and need,
he moved in and licked the entire length of her pussy, forcing a gasp from her
as her mind went into desire overload again.

She could see herself in her own mind now. Totally naked, with her clothes gone
to who knew where, bound to a strange chair, being aroused out of her mind by
the man of her fantasies between her legs with a tongue skill that was beyond
anything she could imagine on this earth.

He spent several long minutes doing nothing but teasing her with his tongue
while running his hands over her stomach, breasts, and legs. She was also
starting to panic a little, because he was able to do the one thing she did not
think possible. He kept taking her right to the edge of an orgasm, but then
stopping just short of final climax. She was panting and sweating more now. Her
hips were gyrating with need, and yet he just took his time and kept her right
on the edge. She just started to plead, "Please, please, please, oh
pleaseplease," as her mind could no longer form complete sentences.

Then he stopped, slid up her body, and took his hand again to her chin and
forced her to look him in the eye. "Ready to fall to earth, little angel?" he
asked. She had no clue what he was talking about anymore, but she wanted to fall
to earth, she wanted to be a fallen angel, because then she could have him, and
just as important, he would have and take her. She really needed to be taken at
this moment. Her mind, body, and soul were screaming for it.

"Yes, oh yes, more than anything," she cried.

"OK then, time to prepare you for your journey," he said. He pulled out a
blindfold and put it over her eyes. Not that she could see much of anything in
the middle of the dark room anyway, and the music had gotten louder and more
intense, so she could hear little else either now. She felt her leather cuffs on
her wrists being pulled up somehow, forcing her to stand up against the bench.
Then she felt him grab her ankles and pull them together, and she felt something
circling them and heard a CLICK. Now she could not move her arms or legs. She
felt another strap being put around her waist and also making a CLICK sound. She
was feeling a little woozy from all that had happened, but she was not sure why.
Then she thought she was moving sideways a little. She had no clue where he went
or if he were still right beside her. This sensation went on for several minutes
where she had no clue what was going on. Then she heard the music fade into new
music and lower in volume a little.

The new music was swirling electrical girlish voices moving around the room
almost like an angel opera. Then she heard his voice in her ear. "Get ready, my
little angel." Get ready for what, she wondered. He took the blindfold off, and
she was staring into nothing in front of her. He was standing to the side of
her, but she could not really turn her head that well to see what he was
standing on. She was standing on the very edge of the bottom of the bench she
was still strapped to. She was surrounded by a red light this time, that had a
strange glow to it. His hands moved to lightly pull on her nipples again,
bringing back that need for climax in her strongly. "Last chance, are you sure
you want to be my fallen angel, little one?" he said with a slight smile.

She had a feeling she was about to fall to earth for real. She could see nothing
in front of her or down. It felt like she would fall forever if she fell. She
had to control her breathing to stop from hyperventilating. She knew she had to
say yes before her nerves gave out, because she could never live down not seeing
this night through. "Yes, I want to be a fallen angel." He just nodded and
kissed her on the check. He leaned back and pulled some type of lever. The bench
fell forward, and then the straps that tied her to it all released at the same
time the entire world erupted into flashes of every type of light possible in a
spiral as she fell forward. Her stomach left her as she fell to earth, and her
mind went completely blank. It felt like she fell forever, and when she felt
herself strike the earth, she blacked out.

She came to herself in the middle of what looked like a giant black balloon
deflating around her. She tried to talk, as she looked around in confusion. But
somehow he was beside her and supporting her back against him. He just put his
finger to her lips to silence her and then picked her up in his arms. He carried
her through a door into a bedroom. She did not really see much of it as her mind
was still spinning. She did notice he was naked as he laid her on the bed; she
was not sure how she had missed THAT. She felt something strange on her arm. She
put her hand on the spot and felt it was a little sore, but had some type of
temporary tattoo on it. When she looked at it closely for the first time she saw
it was an image of a naked fallen angel with black wings. She loved it and
wondered if she would be able to get a real one to replace it soon to remember
this night forever.

He lay down beside her and said, "Hello, my fallen angel. You are the most
incredible woman I think I have ever met." She just melted into his arms when he
said that. She was his angel now, and he was hers. He kissed her with a deep
passion as she lay there. He pulled back and started to kiss down her chest
again. Her mind spun fast as she remembered what happened last time his tongue
trailed that way. She got a devilish grin and thought, I am a fallen angel, and
who ever heard of a fallen angel that did not take what they wanted? She had
been teased as much as any mortal or angel should be for one night, and it was
time for some payback. She rolled on top of him and jumped him. It was her turn
to kiss him with a passion. She still had part of those flashing lights in a
spiral in her head, but it added to her ego now as something she had survived by
strength of will and none of her other friends had. She then slid down his body
and took his manhood in her mouth and made sure he was nice and aroused, but she
also would not let him climax just yet, because she was nowhere near done with
him this night.

She planned to lick and suck him until he could not take any more. After a while
she finally managed to get a groan out of him from her oral skills, and she knew
he would not last too much longer. She slid her breasts over his manhood and up
his stomach and chest while sliding her legs around his body so she could impale
herself on him. When she did, the power and fun and the final release of all the
tension in her finally all came to a head, and she just lost it in a climax that
was more intense than anything else she had ever felt. She let it wash over her
body again and again until she was a wet rag lying on top of him. She had felt
him climax in the middle of her orgasm, and that had helped to prolong hers.
After a few minutes went by, he rolled her to her back and started to slide in
and out of her hard again. She was a little amazed, but she felt her passion
building up a little again. He took his time and made love to her very slowly
and for a good long while before his second climax threw her into her second
amazing orgasm as well.

She had three last thoughts before she fell asleep in his arms. The first was
that she was one of the happiest fallen angels on earth. The second was that she
could not wait to discover how he had pulled off this night for her. And the
last one was that if she were a fallen angel, she wondered what that made him.
The thought just made her smile.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shadeofnight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





