BDSM Library - The Long Road to Slavery




The Long Road to Slavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bored with her life, Jenny decides to liven things up a bit.  A strange one-night stand and a pilfered video open her mind to an entirely new existence as a slave.
Jennie's New Life


A story by Simone Locke


CHAPTER 1: FLIRTING WITH THE DEVIL

Jenny was bored.  Oh GOD how she was bored!

She was bored of her job.  She was bored of her apartment.  She was bored of her
boyfriend; she'd even told him so.  He'd simply shrugged it off like he did
everything else, wet that he was.  Booooooring!



The cab stopped suddenly.  A burly driver with way too much back hair turned
around and said "Here you are, miss.  You sure you wanna go here?  It ain't
exactly a classy place."

"I'm fine." she said dismissively.

He shrugged.  "Suit yerself.  You'll only bag weirdos here.  That'll be $7.50."

She gave him a 10 and got out to the curb.  An old brick building loomed before
her amid a number of smaller buildings and dwellings, like some grotesque mother
hen who refused to let go of her chicks.

.

Upon the soot-covered exterior hung a neon sign attempting rather poorly to
spell 'Darksyde'.  The pulsating letters were in various stages of decay; some
merely looking tired, and others completely burnt out and silent.

She closed her eyes, feeling the warm after-dusk breeze on her cheeks, listening
to the rhythmic electric snap of the sign as it heaved in its final death
throes.

Her six-inch heels wobbled uncertainly as she made her way to the building.  She
didn't normally dress like this, usually settling for the mundane casual dress
you see all too often nowadays.  Tonight was an exception.  Carefully stepping
down the stairs, she paused at the door.  "NO CRYBABIES" was stenciled across
the door in military style.  If any place was to be exciting, it would be this
place.  She pulled open the door.  The darkness inside beckoned her.  A lone
lamp post outside marked the final signpost of the regular, the mundane.  The
excitement lay ahead.  She took a deep breath and stepped across into the abyss.



She stood in the doorway, frozen.  After standing in the light outside, inside
seemed pitch black.  She felt incredibly vulnerable standing there and not being
able to see anything.  She imagined a hand seizing her arm and dragging her
deeper inside.  Her heart was racing inside her.  As her eyes adjusted to the
gloom, she was sorely disappointed.  The bar inside was incredibly run down,
illuminated by black lights that made it difficult to see anything clearly.  As
far as she could tell, the sparse population consisted of single, lonely men
nursing their drinks at various intervals.  They had, of course, noticed her,
but everyone noticed her no matter where she went.  The boys had lusted after
her body ever since she was in training bras.  Her breasts has developed
quickly, and largely.  Her legs were long and shapely, perfectly smooth.  One
flick of her long, brown hair would ensure that EVERY male around her would be
watching her.  She liked to be watched, to be wanted, to be lusted after.

The hungry eyes followed her every move as she crossed the room to sit primly at
the bar.  Her leather mini-skirt rode up slightly as she sat down, but she made
no attempt to adjust it.



Ignoring their watchful eyes, she turned around and nodded to the barman. 
"Bloody Mary" she said.  The barman wordlessly turned around and began opening a
can of tomato juice.

She took a straw from a nearby dispenser and rolled it around in her fingers. 
The trick was to appear bored, which was not hard to do the way things were
going.  Eventually someone would come up to her and say..

"Umm.. miss?"

She looked up, only to be disappointed by the barman's face as he offered the
sanguine concoction.  "That'll be $6.50"

She paid the man and began to absent-mindedly stir her drink.  What's wrong with
these people?  Usually there'd be a line leading up to her.  She turned around
angrily.  All of the other patrons had returned to nursing their drinks.  She'd
get a better reaction in a room full of blind men. She glared at each one of
them in turn (much to their disinterest) and then was startled when she noticed
one of them was indeed staring at her.

He wasn't anything special... a bit short and dumpy looking, with beady eyes and
a receding hairline.  His stare was casual, clinical, like the way you'd look at
a lab rat in its continued search for the cheese.  He really gave her the
creeps.  The cabbie was right; you only pick up weirdos here.



She started to get up to go, then thought better of it.  She'd gone all this way
to get some excitement.  Even if she wouldn't get it here, it was better than
going home and she could at least get drunk.  She downed her drink quickly and
waved to the bartender.  "Tequila."

Tequila is the happy drink.  It burns like a sonofagun, but it goes to work
quickly.  She could already feel the fuzziness around the edges.  She turned
around and lounged against the bar.  The weirdo was still staring at her.  He
looked like he hadn't moved an inch.  Didn't he ever blink?

Feeling somewhat miffed, she got up and walked unsteadily to his table.  The
heels that had given her trouble earlier had undergone a lengthening process. 
She definitely felt a LOT further from the ground as she stumbled across the
room.

She sat heavily into a chair and glared across the table at him.

"Hey what's your problem?  You just gonna stare all night?"

His eyes did not waver.

She slammed her hand down on the table.

"Stop staring like that!  If you want something then just say it!"

"I want to fuck you." he said calmly.

"What!?"  This was certainly not what she'd expected.  She swung out to slap him
but he deftly caught her wrist in mid-swing.

She tried with the other hand and he caught that too.

"Let go of me or I'll scream!" she shrieked.

His hands released her arms and returned to the table.

She was angry now.  "What's with you, you goddam freak?"

"I want to fuck you.  You're either coming with me or not.  Choose."

"Humph!"  she got up and returned to the bar.  "Another tequila."

As she drank, she started to feel even more creeped out.  She was sure he was
still staring at her, his beady little eyes boring into the back of her skull. 
She stole a glance behind her.  He sat there as calmly as ever, looking straight
at her.  She turned back around and finished her drink.

As she got up to go, she looked his way one last time.  His stare was unending. 
She stomp-stumbled her way to his table once more.  "Now look you!" she slurred,
waving an unsteady finger in his direction.

He looked up at her.  "You're either coming or you're not.  Make your choice now
because I'm leaving."

Her blowfish impression seemed to be lost on him.  He remained as impassive as
ever.




CHAPTER 2: DISCOVERY



She never understood why she agreed in the end.  Maybe it was the alcohol. 
Maybe it was because she was bored.  Maybe because she wanted something,
anything different.  That night bright forth the most pathetic sex she'd ever
experienced.  He played with her body a bit, but that calm expression never left
his face.  He turned her over and did her from behind, then walked out of the
room without a word.  He later returned with a glass of water which he placed on
the nightstand, pulled the covers over himself, and promptly fell asleep.

She lay there beside him for some time until the fuzziness had receded.  What on
earth was she doing?  This guy had about as much personality as road kill.  He
hadn't uttered a word from the point that they'd left the bar, in the drive to
his place, as he undressed her, or even after he fucked her.  That was it
really.  He'd simply fucked her, like he said he would.



She made her way uncertainly to the kitchen, and stumbled along the way and
grabbed for a nearby desk, slamming down on the keyboard resting upon it.  The
computer came to life and a light started flashing.  "Oh shit." she thought.

The screen changed suddenly as it began to play a video.  It took awhile for her
eyes to focus on the display.  She could see rows of machines or frames or
something.  As the camera zoomed in, her breath caught in her throat.  There
were women secured to the metal frames.  The camera zoomed in to one of them who
was struggling frantically.  She was bent over a metal frame with her wrists and
ankles secured by manacles to the four metal posts which supported her torso. 
It was built in such a way that her breasts hung down loosely under her, and her
buttocks jutted out behind her.  Her neck was secured to the frame by a large
metal hasp.  A metal band went around her head to push it against a resting
point underneath.  As the camera moved towards the struggling girl, she emitted
muffled wails.  The camera zoomed in on her face.  She was young, maybe 20 years
old.  Her mouth was pushed around a small bar with a large ball in the middle. 
The metal band over her head ensured that she could not pull out of it.

Tears streamed down her cheeks and dropped to the concrete floor as her eyes
pleaded with the camera.  Suddenly, they widened and she began to struggle
violently, shrieking behind her gag.  The camera was walked to the edge of the
room and secured in place so that there was a view of all 4 of the frames.  A
man moved in front of the camera.  It was him!  What the hell was he doing?

He calmly adjusted the camera, then, satisfied, he walked calmly to the frame. 
Jenny could see the object of fear in his hand.  He uncoiled the whip and let it
drag slowly behind him.

Jenny watched, enraptured, as he took up position behind the screaming girl. 
The whip swung back, then snapped forward.  The girl shrieked and bucked against
the frame, but it held her secure.  He calmly snapped the whip at her exposed
buttocks while she screamed and sobbed into her gag.



Suddenly Jenny remembered herself.  The screams were bound to wake him up.  She
quickly stopped the video and tiptoed back to the bedroom.  Thank god, he was
still asleep.  Looking over her shoulder, the screen had gone dark once more. 
She tiptoed back to the computer again and hit the eject button on the CD ROM. 
A tray slid out to offer her a gold colored disk with black felt writing:
02-09-29.  She looked thoughtfully at it a moment and then scanned the desk.  An
empty case lay open amidst the clutter.  She picked it up and examined the
spine: 02-09-29.

"I wonder how long he's been doing this?" she thought.  She carefully opened one
of the desk drawers.  Sticky notes, bits of paper, stapler, ruler, pens...  She
went to the next one.  Sheafs of paper and plastic dividers.  The next drawer
revealed manila folders.  A cursory flip through them revealed a bunch of
receipts.  She closed the drawer.  Backing up slightly, she surveyed the desk. 
Off to the side was a small gray cabinet.  There was a key in the lock.  Her
heart pounded furiously as she approached and held out a shaky hand.  Excitement
she had found, indeed!

She pulled at the cabinet drawer but it would not budge.  Right, the key! 
Unlocking it certainly helped, and the drawer slid open to reveal hundreds of
disks organized in rows, each with a date written on the spine.  "Wow, this
guy's really a wacko!" she thought as she surveyed his history of torture.  The
disks seemed to have been made about once a week or so, and extended back to
1998.  She pulled out one of the more recent ones near the back of one of the
rows: 02-02-11.

Very quietly, she closed and locked the cabinet, then stuffed her ill-gotten
gains deep into her purse.  She then tiptoed back to bed and tried rather
unsuccessfully to sleep.

Who were these women?  How had they gotten there?  And how long had they been
there?  Was he going to kidnap her too?  Her skin tingled all over as a thrill
worked its way down her spine.  She looked over to the sleeping man next to her. 
That this short, dumpy little man was capable of such things was simply
unimaginable.  He didn't look dangerous at all, and yet... all those videos... 5
years worth almost.  She pondered this for some time before eventually drifting
off to an uneasy sleep.



Waking up the next morning, she sat up with a start.  She half expected to find
herself secured into one of those machines.  She almost felt some sort of
strange ... disappointment?

Getting out of bed, she proceeded to take a shower, get dressed, and do her
makeup on the bed.

The man finally stirred.  His eyes opened and regarded her impassively.  "Make
me breakfast." he said.

"Make it yourself!" she snapped back.

"Then get out."  he said simply, and closed his eyes.

Positively fuming, she let loose.  "What the hell is with you, huh?  You're
always rude, keep staring at me funny, and.. and you're pathetic in bed!"  That
last part she'd blurted out.  It's something you simply don't say to a guy and
she was sorry she'd said it.

"Are you making breakfast or not?" was his bland rebuttal.

"Fuck, no!  I'm out of here!"

He rolled over and went back to sleep.

Why was he so impassive with her?  She'd seen him smile in the video.  Maybe
that was the only thing that got him off?

Either way, she was too pissed off to give it much thought.  She grabbed up her
purse and left.




CHAPTER 3: VOYEUR



Returning to her apartment, she took another shower since she still felt dirty
from her experiences with him.  "him"... She didn't even know his name, and he'd
never asked for hers.  What went through his depraved mind as he dominated those
helpless women?  They'd been completely at his mercy as he gave lash after lash
after lash...  She realized with some embarrassment that she was touching
herself.  Quickly, she got out of the shower and dried off.  She dug the disk
out of her purse, went over to her laptop and turned it on.  Her heart was
pounding again as she took the disk out of its case.  It seemed innocuous
enough, a golden disk with simple felt writing on it.

Feeling a little paranoid, she went to the door to make sure it was locked, then
closed all the curtains.  Returning once more to the laptop, she put the disk in
and waited.

Nothing happened.

She grabbed the mouse and clicked on the CD ROM icon.

It opened a window but the video didn't play.  Maybe there wasn't anything on
this one?  She tried clicking on the little icons in the disk.  Still, it
refused to give up its secrets.

More than a little disappointed, she turned off the computer and started her
Sunday cleaning routine.



The next day at work she couldn't concentrate at all.  Her thoughts drifted
constantly to that man and his captive women.

"Well?" said the surly woman in front of her.

"Huh?" she said, startled.  "Oh! sorry."

"I haven't got all day for your dilly dallying you know!  Some of us have to get
on with our day."

Jenny started passing the groceries through the scanner.

"You scanned one twice!"

"Huh?"

"There! you scanned the milk twice! I saw you do it!"  She reached over to the
cash register and grabbed the receipt-in-progress.

"There!" she said triumphantly, "You see! I bought 2 cartons of milk and you
charged me for 3!"

"I'm terribly sorry ma'am" Jennie stammered.

"Sorry isn't quite good enough, I'm afraid.  Where is your manager?"  She lifted
her head up and shouted "Is this lady's manager around?"

Jenny thought quickly.  "Umm ma'am, I'm really sorry about it.  Umm.. how about
I give you a coupon set that you can use right now?  There are a few things here
that will be cheaper with them."

The old sourpuss eyed her suspiciously.  "And where are these coupons?"

As Jenny pulled them  out from under the counter, the old lady snatched them
from her.

"Hey.."

The old lady gave her a warning look.  Jenny acquiesced.

Dave, her manager, came to the counter.  "Is there something I can help you
with, ma'am?"

"Yes, there is.  you can be quiet while I'm trying to concentrate."

Slowly she pored over the page of coupons.

"Right.  I can use these three here and another two over there, coming to a
total of $2.19 off."

"Umm ma'am? you can only use one of.." The old lady shot her daggers as Dave
surreptitiously put his finger to his lips.

Jenny sighed inside.  "OK, ma'am I'll just ring them in..." Jenny reached for
the coupons but the lady snatched them away.  "I already counted them for you
since you obviously can't do that right.  Just ring it in.  That's $2.19. two -
one - nine."

Jenny looked at Dave, who nodded slightly.  She turned to the register and
punched in $2.19 and then hit "special discount".

"There you are, ma'am.  That comes to $22.87."

The old woman grunted and laid out $22.87 in fives, ones, and a lot of coins.

"Thank you ma'am.  Have a nice day."

"Hmph after this it's only barely adequate, but don't worry your pretty head
over me, dear.  I'd be more worried about your future since you can't even
count!"

With that, she stalked off.

Jenny slammed her fist on the counter and gritted her teeth.

"What was that all about?" inquired Dave.

"I accidentally scanned something twice.  I'm sorry. I wasn't paying attention."

"Well, you handled her pretty well.  I'm impressed."

He was always impressed.  All he wanted to do was get into her shorts.

"Yeah, well, she didn't need to be so mean.  I said I was sorry."

"You don't look so good.  If you want you can come take a breather in the office
for awhile."

Yeah, right.  A breather.

"No, I'm fine.  Besides, it wouldn't be fair to the others."

Dave looked disappointed.  Fine.  Let him be.

"Yeah, I guess so.  Well you take care.  You're a good employee, Jenny.  I just
want you to know that."

Ugh. How gross.

Annie leaned over her counter after Dave left.  "You're gonna have to do
something about him, Jen.  That's sexual harassment you know."

"How can it be harassment if he hasn't even mentioned sex?" Jenny snapped.

"He doesn't have to honey.  And besides, if it comes down to words, I'll back up
whatever you say."

Good ol' Annie.  She hated men.  Detested them.  Jenny was sure she was a lesbo
or something.  She'd lie, cheat, steal, do anything to bring a man down.  If you
want a man out of the picture, she's the one to call.  Jenny wondered how well
Annie would fare against "him"?  She started to feel warm at the thought.

Still, she couldn't afford to risk a fight with Dave.  The Pack 'n Shop wasn't
the most glamorous job in the world, but it put food on the table and kept her
in college.



"Hey Jenny, you know sometimes those things double-scan, right?"  Jenny jumped. 
She'd been drifting again.  "These ones are all model R-31's.  They sometimes
have problems with double-scanning, so the first scan gets bogged down and
doesn't register until you've already re-scanned it, and then it beeps twice."
Andrew prattled on.  He was a nice kid and all, but what a geek!  His clothes
never fit, not even his work clothes.  His hair always looked like a recently
used mop, and the acne didn't help much either.

"Oh, really." she said, trying to ignore him.

"Yeah.  They have an internal cache system and run scans asynchronously, so if
one scan gets caught up in the event loop, it will seem as if..." Blah blah blah
blah.  If only he'd just go away.

"Hey brainiac.  She's not interested in the guts of that machine." quipped
Annie.

"Oh." he said, dejected, and started walking away.

Suddenly, Jenny remembered the disk.  "Hey Andrew!"  He swung around, his eyes
lit up like a pinball machine.  "Yes, Jenny?"

"You know stuff about computers right?  I mean like laptops and stuff?"

"Of course!  I've got two laptops at home.  One's a Sony vai..."

"Yes, yes, that's very interesting and all, but I'm having a bit of trouble with
mine."

"Oh? What model is it?"

"Umm. I don't know.  It's a laptop.  Are you busy after work?  Can you help me
fix it?"

Andrew looked like he'd just won the lottery.  "SURE!  Where should I meet you? 
Should we go together?  Should I meet you there?"

"Relax, Andrew.  Just meet me out front after work."

"Okay!"  He trotted off, suddenly the happiest boy in the world.

"You sure you wanna do that?  He's probably got pictures of you on his wall that
he jerks off to as it is."

"Well, he's good with computers, and this way I don't have to take it in to the
shop."

"What's wrong with it then?"

"Oh, it's just something wrong with the CD ROM." she answered cryptically.

Annie grunted.  She probably had no idea what Jenny had just said, which was for
the better.



As Jenny left work, Andrew was waiting for her outside in his misshapen,
horribly coordinated street clothes.  I mean, really, did he get them from the
Sally Ann or something?

He followed her like a lost puppy to the car and said nothing as they drove to
her apartment.  She opened the door and threw her work clothes on a chair as she
walked by.  Andrew stood in the doorway, wringing his hands.

"Well, come in!"

He stumbled over the doorstep and stood inside.

"Come on!  I don't bite." Jenny said.

Andrew slowly walked into the living room.  Beads of sweat were springing up on
his forehead.

"Can I get you something?  Coffee? Tea?"

"Y-Yes, coffee please." he stammered.

"The laptop's over there." she said as she went into the kitchen.

"OK." he called back, sounding relieved to be back in familiar territory,
"What's wrong with it?"

"Well I can't seem to get it to play videos."

"Like DVDs?"

"Yeah, like that. the ones that come on disks."

"Oh, well you need to install DVD player software to do that.  Didn't your
laptop come with it?"

"I'm not sure.  The manuals and stuff are in the top drawer on the desk."

She came back into the living room as he was rooting around in the drawer. 
"Aha!" he exclaimed, pulling out a disk.  "Riiight, let's install this baby." 
He pushed the eject button on the laptop.

THE DISK!  It was still in the laptop!

She dove over the couch and snatched it from his had as he took it out of the
tray.  She quickly put it in its case and put the whole thing in her purse.

Andrew needless to say was a little shocked at this sudden display.

"Umm.. that's a little bit personal." she offered apologetically.

Andrew grinned from ear to ear.  "Ooooooh.  OK, think nothing of it."

"No, it's not like that... it's just.." she stammered.

"Look, I don't judge what people like to watch.  I know it was a VCD since I saw
the files before pulling it out.  The software I'm installing will play it
fine."

Jenny had turned beet red.  Andrew ignored this and turned back to the task at
hand.  He really was a nice kid.

Jenny returned to the kitchen.  "How do you like your coffee?" she called.

"Black." he replied.

"Black?"

"Yeah, I sometimes do late night hacking sessions, so I prefer it black."

She brought him a cup.  "Thanks." he said, taking a sip.  "Mmm, good coffee."

His fingers continued to fly across the keyboard.

Jenny watched him work.  His brow furled as different screens flew by.  By the
time he finished, he'd drained his coffee completely.

"There!" he said.  "I've installed the software and also put in a crack so that
it's unencumbered."

"What does that mean?"

"Well I put in a region free hack and removed the playback restrictions.  Some
disks only let you play them in certain regions, so you can't play a European
disk in Asia for example.  They also restrict when you can skip forward in the
video, and when you can go to the menu.  That's all disabled now."

"Oh.  Umm thanks." Whatever all that meant, it was probably a good thing.



Andrew suddenly stared down.  Now that his work was done, his familiar
environment, and thus his confidence, was gone.

"I uhh.. I guess I should go now."

Jenny grabbed his hand as he reached for his bag.  "Wait."

Andrew stood there limply.

"I know you like me Andrew, and I'm flattered..."

"I get it Jenny.  I know you're not interested.  I'm gonna go."

"Wait, let me finish.  I know you're really shy around girls and I thought.. I
could help you get more used to them."

Andrew stood motionless.

Jenny pulled his hand and led him to the couch.  He sat perfectly rigid,
breathing rapidly beside her.

Jenny thought for a moment.  "Hey look, why don't I tell you some things that
girls like."

Andrew made no reply.

"Umm.. Well.. Girls like a confident man.  They like a man who knows what he
wants.  liiike.. like when you were working on the computer back there.  You
were in complete control of yourself.  You had confidence.  Girls really find
that a turn on."

"W-well yeah back there I w-wasn't really thinking about anything but installing
the program."

"Right, that's your confidence point.  You know everything about the machine so
you don't fear it, right?  It's the same with anything.  You need practice to
get good at it."

"I.. I guess so..."

"Look, Andrew, I'm going to ask you a personal question, and if you don't want
to answer, don't.  What's the farthest you've gone with a girl?"

Andrew turned a deeper shade of red and looked away.

"OK, bad idea, I'm sorry."

"No, it's not." Andrew said.  "It's just that... I've never been with a girl..
ever..."

"What?  you've never kissed a girl?"

"Well yeah I've done that, but not a real kiss. just a peck."

"Well that's still a start isn't it?  Do you want to kiss me?"

Andrew went rigid.

Jenny leaned forward towards him.  He didn't move.  She moved closer and touched
his lips to hers.  A slight moan escaped him.

She moved in closer and pressed fully against him.  He seemed to relax just a
little, and so she moved her tongue to her lips.  He pulled back suddenly.

She looked at him inquiringly.  He seemed to regain his composure and moved to
kiss her again.  This time she gave the full treatment.  Her tongue shot deep
into his mouth, rubbing against his.  Eventually he got the idea and returned
the favor.  His hand moved to her breast but she paid it no mind.  His breathing
was rapid and he started to squeeze her.  Suddenly he pulled away, his face in
shock and horror.

"What's wrong?" Jenny began.

He quickly turned away and grabbed his bag.  "I.. I gotta go!" he said quickly
and ran for the door, leaving her puzzled.



She worried about him for some time after that. Maybe she should call him to
make sure he was alright, but she didn't have his number.

After awhile, her thoughts turned back to the disk in her purse.  Furtively, she
fished the disk from her purse and put it in the laptop.  Then, remembering, she
ran to the door and locked it, then closed the curtains.



As she came back to the computer, it had already started playing the video.  The
camera was following along a hall with a heavy door at the end.  As the camera
closed in, she could see four name plaques white on black beside it:  Angela
Rupert, Christine Devison, Simone Vesy, and Tiffany Cheung.  A hand reached out
with a card and swiped along a reader beside the door.  An electric buzz sounded
and with a ca-chunk the door swung open.  Once through, the door closed loudly,
echoing through the bare chamber.  Bare except for the row of four metal frames
in the center, like the ones she'd seen before.

Upon each frame a woman was secured.  Two of them were whimpering as his
footfalls echoed through the chamber.

Jenny was breathing rapidly, her legs squirming.

"Good evening, ladies!" he said cheerily.  "Time for another late night
session!"

The camera moved in to the first frame and pointed up underneath for a close-up
on her face.  "Angie!  How's it hanging?  Nipples don't hurt too much do they?" 
Angela looked terrified.  The hand reached out and fondled her nipples.  "Nice
and hard, eh?"  She whimpered and sputtered through the gag.  He leaned close to
her ear and whispered something.  Whatever it was, it had great effect.  Angela
bucked and struggled in vain against her bonds.

The camera moved next to Christine.  "And how is Christine tonight?  All tied up
I see?"  Christine was sobbing into her gag, a long stream of drool reaching to
the floor.  "Stunning.  Absolutely beautiful.  Did anyone tell you that you have
a sexy body?  We'll be giving it a workout tonight."

"nyuugh huuk NYUUUUUGH!"

"Now now, that wasn't very nice.  I'm afraid that'll cost you a double
punishment tonight."

Christine whimpered and went silent.

Next came Simone.  The hand caressed her face lightly, and brushed against her
hair.  "Sweet Simone.  You've got such a nice ass, I'll go extra hard on you
tonight."  Simone closed her eyes and moaned.

The camera moved on to the last girl.  She appeared to be sleeping.  The camera
moved around to the back of the frame, where her ass was prominently on display. 
The hand swung out with a loud smack, leaving a red hand-shaped imprint.  The
frame shook as a muffled yelp came from the front.  The camera came back around
to a terrified Tiffany.  "No sleeping on the job, princess.  You'll pay extra
for that indiscretion.  Tiffany began to sob.

The camera moved towards a waiting tripod at the side of the room.  The scene
jiggled as the camera was mounted, and then panned a bit before being fixed into
place.

"I figured I'd make things interesting tonight.  As he walked into the scene,
she recognized him.  "I have with me tonight 4 implements." he said, pacing
along the frames.  "One will be used on each of you, and since I'm feeling
generous tonight, I'll let you choose which implement will be used on you.  When
the implement of your choice is offered, you will grunt twice.  If you haven't
chosen by the time all of them have been offered, all four will be used on you. 
Is that clear?"

The girls were whimpering softly.

"I said is that clear!?"

A loud chorus of grunts filled the room.

"Good!  Tiffany and Catherine have a double helping tonight, so they will choose
two implements."  This was greeted with fresh sobs.

"SILENCE!" he bellowed.  The room fell silent.

"Now, as I was saying, Tiffany and Catherine will choose two implements each,
and I've just had an idea.  To ensure variety, each implement must be chosen at
least once.  Any implements that remain unchosen at the end will be used on each
of you on top of the regular treatment."

He walked behind the camera and returned with some items.  "Now for the
implements.  The first is a simple cane."  He held it to the camera, then waved
it under the faces of each woman.  "Rather simple, made of bamboo and hurts like
a sonofagun."

"Next."  he reached down and grabbed the next item. "A flogger.  Made of latigo
leather, this baby's guaranteed to have her screaming in no time."

"Next, for the Edison lovers out there, an electro-kit.  This baby can put out
enough juice to kill if not used properly, but you won't have to worry tonight
as I am an expert in its use.  It comes complete with clamps and vaginal and
anal probes."

"And last, but certainly not least, the paddle."  He pulled up a wicked looking
wooden paddle.  "Made of solid oak, this thing packs quite a wallop.  One
session of this and you won't be able to sit for a week, which is not a problem
since you won't be sitting ever."



"Right.  You've had enough time to make your choices.  I'll show you each of the
four implements in turn and when your choice comes up, you nod."

Jenny's fingers were rubbing her clitoris through her panties, which had by now
gotten quite wet.  She quickly pulled them away.

The man was waving the cane under Angela's face.  She didn't move.  "Angela has
refused the cane.  What kind of punishment is she thinking of?"

He then waved the flogger.  She remained still.  "No flogger?  Only two choices
left if you refuse."  Angela let out a loud sob and slowly nodded her head as
best she could.

"Angela picks the flogger!  An excellent choice!  Now on to Christine."  He
moved to her.  "Now Christine must be careful.  She has two choices to make, so
if she refuses more than twice, she'll have all four implements used on her. 
Let's see what she chooses."

He waved the cane under her.  She nodded.

"The cane!  Christine is playing it safe tonight!  Now for the second
implement."

He waved the flogger in front of her.  With a sob, she nodded weakly.

"Well, the flogger again.  Either Christine really likes the flogger, or she's
afraid she'll lose her nerve later on."

He moved on to Simone.  "OK, sweet Simone, Shall I whack that lovely ass of
yours, or do the electro treatment?"

He waved the cane in front of her.  She wept but kept still.  He waved the
flogger next.  She choked a bit but still did not move.

"No cane or flogger?  Are you sure you want electro?  I've heard it hurts like
hell."  he waved the electrical device under her.  She continued to moan but did
not move.

"Last chance, Simone.  The paddle?"  He waved the paddle under her.  She sobbed
even louder.  "Clock's ticking, Simone."  With a loud wail, she nodded.

"Excellent choice.  Your ass is perfect for the paddle."

He moved to the final girl.  "Alas, your friends have left you in quite the
quandary.  If you don't choose electro, all of you will have it added to your
session.  So what'll it be?"

He waved the cane under her.  She did not move.

Next came the flogger.  Still she remained still.

"Whoa, talk about limiting your choices.  OK, how about electro?"

He waved the electrical device under her.  She still didn't move.

"You sure you want to do that?  Not only will you get all four for not choosing,
but all of you girls will get an extra session of electro.  Last call."

Tiffany moaned, and nodded her head.

"Good, good.  It's good to see you finally behaving, Tiffany.  I was worried
we'd have to give you extra sessions forever.  Right, last implement."

He waved the paddle under her.  She nodded.

The man stood up.  "The choices have been made!  Angela with the cane, Christine
with the flogger and paddle, Simone with the paddle, and Tiffany with electro
and paddle.  Tiffany, since you've been such a good girl, I'll let you choose
which implement I use first.  Do you want electro first?"  No reaction.  "How
about the paddle?"  Tiffany nodded.

"OK, let's just change our view a bit..."

He picked up the camera and set it so that it gave a front and side view of
Tiffany.  Then, he picked up the big oak paddle.

"Here we go!"

He brought the paddle back, and then swung.  SMACK!  Tiffany shrieked and bucked
in her frame.  Spittle extended from her gag and her large breasts swung freely
as she thrashed from side to side.

SMACK!  another blow as Tiffany thrashed and struggled in vain.

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!  Tiffany's cries grew shriller as the torture progressed.

SMACK!  "Three!"

SMACK!  "Two!"

SMACK!  "One!"

He paused as Tiffany moaned in her gag.  As she began to go limp, he let lose
with a final SMACK!

She screamed at the top of her lungs, then went limp, sobbing loudly.

"Well done, Tiffany.  You'll learn yet.  Now for your second punishment. 
Fortunately, this one runs automatically, God bless the computer age!"  He
walked behind the camera and brought back the device.  Setting up behind
Tiffany, he began to unbundle the wires.  Then he brought the camera behind
Tiffany so as to show his work in progress.

"This," he held up a silver egg-shaped thing attached to one of the wires, "is
the anal probe.  We'll just grease it up a bit..."  He applied some lubricant to
it, and then brought it to her anus.  "Open up, princess, I won't ask you
twice."  As he pushed, her anus finally opened up and accepted the foreign
device.

He held up a long shaft.  "Now for the vaginal probe."  He applied more
lubricant and then slowly pushed it into her pussy.  "Now to hold it all in..." 
He took out a series of leather straps.  One of them he secured around her
waist.  The other ran from her new belt under her crotch.  He cinched it up
tight for good measure.

"OK, now for the nipple clamps.  He reached under her and grabbed one of her
nipples, massaging it until it hardened.  He then attached a clip.  Tiffany
jumped at this and moaned.  He repeated the process oh her other nipple.

"All set.  Now to choose a program.  Let's see...  Jungle Jitters?  Nah..
Playtime?  Nope... Ah here we go.. Rocky Road!  This one's pretty intense."

Tiffany struggled against the frame.  "Relax, princess, I haven't even turned it
on yet.  Ah.. Start!"

Tiffany went rigid and then let out a scream.  Whatever the box was doing, it
had Tiffany bucking and rocking and screaming nonstop.

"OK, while she's busy with that, I'll move on to Simone.  Are you ready Simone?"

Jenny didn't hear her answer since Tiffany was making so much noise.

The man took the paddle and reached back.

SMACK!

Jenny couldn't take it any longer.  She turned off the computer and ran to the
bathroom.  Sitting on the toilet, she fingered herself until she climaxed.

She didn't sleep well that night.  Every time she closed her eyes, she would
dream of being strapped into one of those evil frames while he did all sorts of
things to her.  By morning, her bed was soaked with her juices.




CHAPTER 4: COERCION



As the alarm clock went off, she could barely open her eyes.  Having decided to
skip classes today, she remained in bed, half-awake, half-asleep, dreaming of
him.  By late afternoon, she had made up her mind.

As he came home that day, she was waiting.  He was positively startled to see
her standing there.  Good.  At least she could get some reaction from him. 
Let's see him handle what comes next!

She held out the disk.  His eyes went wide as saucers and he snatched it from
her.

"It's OK." she said.  "I came to return it.  I've already made a copy."

He was silent for some time, and began to shake.

"What do you want from me?" he said weakly.

Jenny had been thinking about this all day, but it was hard to say now.

"I.. I want to see those machines.  The ones in the video." she said shakily.

He looked up suddenly.  This was certainly not what he'd been expecting from
her.  "Come inside." he said finally.



He led her to a chair and sat opposite her, then remained silent for some time.

"I can't show them to you." he said finally, "I'd lose my job."

Now it was Angela's turn to be surprised.  "What do you mean?"

"I mean just that.  I can't show you, I'm sorry."

"Well, if you don't show me, I can quite easily pass my video to the authorities
or the press.  I could even find out where you work and pass it on to your
boss."

"That would be somewhat hard to do.  Listen, I can't show them to you.  You
can't show them to my boss, and if you pass them to the press, we'll both be in
a LOT of trouble.  I know it's hard to swallow, but I can't talk about it and I
certainly can't show you."

"Fine.  The papers it is."  She got up to go.

He let out a long sigh.  "Fine." he said, "I'll be in the same shit either way
really.  It's just you who's risking more by going."

"Good, let's go then."

"Hang on.  I didn't say I trusted you."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean you stole my property once.  What assurance do I have that you won't
take photos of this place."

"OK, I won't take photos. I promise."

"Not good enough.  If I'm going to take you there, you have to be clean.  Take
off your clothes."

Jenny balked.

"Look, you've taken them off for me before.  Why  should this be any different?"

It shouldn't be, but it was.  However, if that's what it took to get there...

As she removed her clothes, he rummaged through his room and eventually came out
with a set of olive coveralls.  "These will be baggy, but they'll do.  Now bend
over and place your hands on the wall."

"What for?"

"I'm going to search you fully.  Otherwise no deal."

This was going too far!  She couldn't submit to that!  She looked back at him
but he was resolute.  She bent over and placed her hands against the wall.

He proceeded with a full cavity search which, of course, produced nothing. 
There was no groping at all.  Only a clinical search.  Didn't she turn him on at
all?

"Now put these on." he commanded.  While she put on the overalls, he took her
clothes and purse and shoes and put them in a cupboard in his room, which he
then locked.



He then began rummaging through a hallway closet.  Eventually he pulled out an
oversized cooler box and dumped the contents on the floor.

"OK, they have heat sensors at the gate, so we'll have to block your body's heat
with this."

"I can't stay in that!  I'll suffocate!"

"You only need to close the lid while we go through the gate.  I'll touch the
brakes three times in a row when we're close, and then two times in a row when
we're clear."

He took the empty cooler and went out the back door.  She had no choice but to
follow.



He led her through the back yard to the garage.  The grass was cool against the
soles of her feet.  Inside the garage, he opened the trunk of his car and pushed
the cooler in.  "Get in." he said flatly.

She stepped into the cooler and curled up as best she could.  It was a snug fit,
but she managed to get in all the way.  He closed the lid on her, then opened it
again.  "OK, this just might work." he said.

He let the lid fall down and closed the trunk.  Jenny pushed the lid open a few
inches, but it would go no further since the trunk lid was in the way.  She
could not get out without his help.  Jenny started to be afraid.  This all
started at her insistence, but the initial thrill was wearing off, leaving a
dull fear in its place.




CHAPTER 5: LAMB TO THE SLAUGHTER



The car roared to life as the garage door opened.  They turned left, and then
left again.  One long road blended into the next until finally she had no idea
where she was.  After awhile, the stops became less frequent, until they were
motoring along on what she guessed was a highway.

The car started to slow down and turn a corner.  Suddenly the brakes went on
three times, rocking her in her plastic prison.  She closed the lid.

They rolled on further and eventually stopped.  It was really getting hot and
stuffy.  Sheathed in sweat, she breathed short, shallow breaths.

The car started moving again.  A little further on, two short brakes.  She
pushed the lid open as far as it would go, trying to get some air inside.

After some time the car stopped, then backed up a bit, then fell silent.  the
car door opened and slammed shut again.  She could hear his shoes against the
pavement.  The trunk opened and she squinted against the light shining in.  "Get
out." he said.

She struggled to move, but she was stuck.  He reached in, wrapped an arm around
her waist, and lifted her out effortlessly.  She followed him to a lone door on
the side of a warehouse.  He opened it and ushered her through.  "I have to park
the car.  Stay here and DON'T MOVE!" he commanded.  Jenny nodded obediently.  He
took another look at her, then nodded and left.



The warehouse was filled on one side with row upon row of shelving units.  One
the other end was what appeared to be metal working tools.  Directly in front of
her were a bunch of large devices covered with tarps.  They looked about the
right size....

She went to one of them and peeked underneath.  Her heart skipped a few beats. 
It was one of the metal frames.  She pulled the tarp off and let it fall to the
floor.  It was one thing to see them in the video; quite another to be touching
it.

She ran her hand along its smooth, cold metal contours as she inspected the
device.  It sported four thick metal posts upon which rested a slightly bowed
part, like a small part of a very large cylinder wall.  It was lipped at the
back where the legs would bend down, and had a lipped hole at the front.  She
guessed this was where the breasts were exposed.  Another small lip supported
the neck, with another band further on for the forehead to rest on.  There were
numerous metal hinged "ribs" on either side.  She pulled one of them up.  It
swung over the central part to secure the victim in place.  The arm and leg
posts were semi-cylinders with bars that could be pushed in place by some
mechanism.

Moving on, she found a thick metal piece intended to go over top of the neck,
and another smaller band to keep the head in place.  Near the bottom of the head
hole, a metal bar ran through, with a large plastic ball in the middle.  For
some reason, the ball had a hole running through it from top to bottom.  This
would gag the victim permanently while locked in the frame.

All around the frame were various adjustment wheels.  One for height, one for
leg length, one for neck width, positioning of the gag.  She played with them,
trying to figure out what her size would be.



Her breathing was rapid.  She felt lightheaded, exhilarated, terrified.  Her
clothes were locked away at his house and she had nothing but these baggy
overalls...  She proceeded to unzip and drop the overalls, unable to believe
what she was doing.  She caressed the machine again, then proceeded to climb
onto it.

She placed her legs into the leg braces.  There was some kind of lever near the
brace.  As she pulled it, rounded bolts slammed home, pinning her left leg down. 
Breathing more rapidly, she pulled the right lever, and her other leg was
similarly imprisoned.  She pulled ribs up and over herself, then lay on her
stomach, with her breasts hanging down through the hole.  Reaching behind her,
she slapped down the ribs one by one, each one clicking home as it locked into
place.  Oh god, what was she doing?  She was stuck now.  There'd be no way for
her to get out.

She lowered her head into its place, opening her mouth to let the gag in, then
pulled the metal braces around her neck and head.  They slammed home with a
healthy thud.  She knew they had locked because she couldn't pull it back again. 
Now came the tricky part.  She couldn't put her arms into their braces and
operate the lever at the same time.  Finally she reached a strategy.  Reaching
over, she locked one arm into place.  She then pulled the lever half down on the
other side and held the top bolt with her thumb.  Climbing her hand down thumb
by finger, she snuck her arm in and let the hasps slam home.  She was now
imprisoned within the frame's cold metallic embrace.



She heard the door open behind her and close.

"Oh my god what are you doing?" he seethed.

"mghh"

He went over to the machine and inspected it.  "I can't believe you locked
yourself in this!  I don't have the key!"

"ngggh!?"

He cursed silently.  "If someone catches us here we're in deep, deep trouble."

He cursed again.  Oh how she wished he'd take his rage out on her.  She was
completely at his mercy, helpless to defend her imprisoned flesh from his
onslaught.

"I'm going to get a key.  DON'T YOU MAKE A SOUND!  If you're caught, we're both
in deep, deep shit."

Jenny's heart sank to her stomach.  What the hell was she doing?  This wasn't a
game, this was real!  She started to moan.

"Shhhh! Shut your pie hole!  I'm going to look for a key so be quiet until I get
back.  And don't make noise, even if you think it's me.  We're not the only ones
here."

Her head was secured so tight that she couldn't move it, and she could only see
his torso and legs.  He went off to the side.  She could hear him moving the
tarp.  He threw it over her.

"You stay quiet and you might get out alive, got me?"

She nodded, something extremely difficult to do with her head so securely bound.

She heard his footsteps, then the door, then nothing but the slight hiss of the
air conditioners.

She was alone, naked, and tightly bound to a metal frame.  Completely helpless
and at the mercy of anyone who might find her.  An orgasm overtook her and she
shook violently against her bonds as drool ran down her gag to the floor.



She awoke with a start.  She was paralyzed.  She couldn't move.  She shook
violently and realized she was still in that cruel metal frame, bound and
helpless.  Another small orgasm rocked her.  She looked down at the puddle of
drool on the floor underneath her.  How long had she been out?  The gag went
deep in her mouth and her jaw was beginning to ache.  Maybe she could pull the
bolts back around her arms and adjust her head a bit.  She pulled along one of
the bolts but it would not budge.  They were locked just as securely as
everything else.  There'd be no freeing herself; she'd have to wait for him.

Talk about reckless.  She came all this way with a sadistic weirdo whose name
she didn't even know.  Nobody knew she was here.  Nobody knew her connection
with him.  She'd simply disappeared from the face of the earth.  People might
look for her for awhile, but nobody would think to look here, wherever that was. 
Who would miss her, really?  Her father had left while she was a toddler.  Her
mother was probably back in a rehab center, barely aware of her own identity. 
She had no contact with her extended family at all.  The closest thing she had
to a friend was Annie, sad as that was.  Her boyfriend?  She'd known Josh a
month.  He'd look for her, of course, but soon he'd move on.

Jenny suddenly realized just how lonely she was.  A sob escaped into the gag. 
She wept silently, tears running down and dripping from her nose, until she
drifted back to sleep.



She could hear footsteps.  Her breath stopped.  Was this a dream?  She couldn't
tell, but they were getting closer.  She kept perfectly still and silent.  Was
it him?  Come to free her?  Or come to torment her?  He'd said he was going for
the key so probably the former.  She relaxed and waited for him to take the tarp
off.  The footsteps stopped.  She heard some clanking sounds, and then a light
squeak as something was wheeled away.  The footsteps returned.  Another set of
clanking sounds and then the footsteps faded.  What was going on?

The footsteps returned.  Something brushed against the tarp.  Something clanked
and reverberated through her frame, then another.  Suddenly she was in motion. 
Oh god, someone was wheeling her somewhere else!  The tarp was still over her so
nobody could see her, but she couldn't see where she was going, not that it
would have helped if the tarp was off.

The frame bumped slightly and the sound of the warehouse changed to be more
echoey.  A hallway?  She was wheeled along further, then another bump, then she
stopped.  A metal door closed.  Her stomach left her as she began to descend. 
She let out a slight moan, then checked herself.  There was no reaction from
whoever was pushing her frame.

The elevator eventually stopped, and she was wheeled out into another hallway it
seemed.  Down the hallway she rolled, around a corner to the left, then two
rights, then she stopped.  She heard a sound and a beep.  It was a card swipe. 
She remembered the sound from the video.  She was being brought to a torture
room!  Terrified, she held perfectly still and silent.



The frame was rolled into the room and then stopped, rolled back and forth a bit
as if to position it, and then left in place.  She could hear a clicking noise
repeating over and over.  It eventually stopped and she heard the sound of a
tarp.  Not hers, luckily.

There was some grunting and a heavy thud, then another.  Then some metal
scraping sounds, followed by more clicking.  What was going on?  And how long
till she was discovered?  The clicking stopped again.  Suddenly, her tarp was
pulled off.  She tried to pull her head up to see what was going on, but it was
secured facing down.

"What the!?" came a voice.  The owner of the voice walked away.  She could hear
him faintly.  "Uhh Sir... Can you come down here a sec?  We got a problem."

He walked back over to her, then was silent.  What was he doing?  She tried to
talk but the gag made it all meaningless.  "Just sit tight, love, we'll get to
the bottom of this soon."

Another set of footsteps approached.  "What's she doing here?" he snapped.

"I don't know.  I just pulled the tarp off and there she was."

"Do an inventory."  he snapped, "Look for any missing girls."

"Yes, sir!"  One man began to trot away.  "And don't let anyone else in here!"
he called.

He was silent for some time, and so Jenny tried to speak again.  "Mgh rarghhra
harrgha."

"Save your breath, love, you'll be accounted for shortly."

He drummed his fingers on the frame.  "Still, I'd like to know who was helping
you escape."

Something beeped.  "Well?" he shouted.  She was about to try to talk when he
spoke again.  "All of them?"

A short silence.

"What about lockdown five?"

Another pause.

"I see.  You are to report this to no one.  Start working in block 3."

"Well," He said, placing a calloused hand on her buttocks, "it appears we have a
Jane Doe."




CHAPTER 6: INTERROGATION



He rubbed his rough hand along her exposed ass.  "So, Jane Doe, What's your real
name?"

He moved along the frame and fiddled with something.  The gag came free.  Her
jaw was so stiff that she had trouble opening her mouth enough to get it out.

"Come on, out with it!"

"J-Jenny Paige" she said weakly.

He fiddled with something.  "Do a search on Jenny or Jennifer Paige."

He waited some time.  "I see."  The device snapped closed.

He walked around behind her.

SMACK!  Stars danced brightly before her as she yelped in pain.

"This isn't a game we're playing.  You've got one more chance to be truthful. 
Completely truthful that is.  If I find even an ounce of deceit in you, I'll put
you in lockdown five for a year.  Got it?"

"Y-yes."

"Yes, WHAT?"

Jenny thought frantically.

"Yes, sir."

SMACK!

"Yes, master!  Yes, master!"

"I'm losing my patience with you, girl.  Now tell me, who is your accomplice?"

"I... I-I don't know his name."

SMACK!

"I don't!  I don't know his name!" she shrieked.  "We met in a bar and I went
home with.."

SMACK!  "You goddamn lying bitch!  You think I'm here for my health?  You're
going to lockdown five for a year for that.  You'll taste pain all day every
day!  Do you understand what you just did?"

"No wait it's true! I made him bring me here.  He didn't want to but I
blackmailed him!"

He made a disgusted sound and left.



She was alone in the room.  What were they going to do to her?  It wasn't likely
they'd just slap her on the wrists and tell her not to do it again.

The door opened again.  She heard footsteps followed by something on wheels.

Something pinched her nipple hard.  She yelped and the gag was pushed back into
her mouth, latching into place against the frame.

Something was placed around her waist and cinched up.  She then felt something
push against her anus.  She whimpered and tried to pull away but the frame held
her immobile.  "Open up or it'll hurt more."  She relented and felt it enter her
ass.  She then felt a shaft enter her vagina.  She could do nothing to stop this
violation.  It went in deep.  She tried to push it out but it wouldn't budge.

He grabbed a breast.  Something cinched around its base.  This was repeated on
the other one.  Something pinched against her nipple, then the other.

"Right.  I'm tired of dealing with you, so I've wired you to this device here." 
He held a mirror under her.  She was wired twice on each breast, once in the
pussy, and once in the ass.

She shrieked as a jolt ran through her.

"This thing can run 12 hours on one charge.  I'll see you again when it runs
dry."  Another jolt, this time across her nipples.

She heard his footsteps going away, and then the clang as the door closed.  The
machine jolted her again.  She felt a funny feeling in her anus.  It grew and
grew until it was incredibly painful, then subsided.  She sobbed into her gag. 
She was powerless to stop it.  The machine would torture her for the next 12
hours.



Needless to say, she didn't sleep at all that night.  The machine would apply
current to her tender spots in waves, and then subside.  Then, just as she was
about to finally achieve blissful slumber, it would engage again with a
vengeance.  After awhile, she lost track of her surroundings.  Only the fatigue,
and the pain were real.

SMACK!

She was jolted out of her stupor by the new sensation.

"Rise and shine, princess!  We have a lot of ground to cover today."

She felt giddy.  Her body was gone.

"H-hey..." she giggled.  "Where'd my body go?"

"Don't worry, love, it'll come back in a few hours.  Right now you must
concentrate on me."

The voice was beautiful.  It spoke of tenderness, of pain, of bliss.  She wanted
to become one with that tender, savage voice.

"Who am I?" the voice demanded.

"I don't know.  You're beautiful." she sighed.

"I'm your conscience." the voice instructed, "You can tell me anything.  You
must tell me everything."

Jenny sighed.  To speak to her conscience was bliss.  She really could tell him
anything.  Anything at all.

"I'll ask you a question and you answer truthfully, alright love?  Truth brings
happiness."

"Happiness..." she sighed.

"Why are you here?"

She giggled.  "Someone wheeled me in and took the tarp off."

"And before that?  When were you put in the frame?"

Jenny thought a minute.  "Yesterday I think.  I've lost track of time."

The voice sighed.  "Jenny, you've got to be more helpful."

Jenny felt worried.  She wanted to please her conscience more than anything in
the world.

The voice started again.  "Now 	Jenny, where were you arrested?"

Jenny's brow furrowed. "Arrested?  I've never been arrested."

A jolt of pain shot through her.

"Lies cause pain, Jenny.  Answer truthfully."

She was silent for some time, then tried again.  "It's true.  I haven't been
arrested."

JOLT

Her whole being was on fire.  Maybe it was a lie.  Maybe she had been arrested.

"I don't remember!  I thought I hadn't been arrested but maybe I have I don't
know.  I thought I was telling the truth! Honestly!  I'm sorry!" she sobbed.

The voice was silent.

"I'll try again!  I'll try to be good!  I'll remember when I was arrested!"

"Can you remember?"

"I can! I can!  It was.. it was..."  She gulped.  "Maybe when I was younger!  I
stole stuff from the corner store.  Nobody caught me, but maybe they did.  Yes,
that's it.. they..."

"Stop."

She fell silent.

"You were not arrested as a child.  You will stop answering about the arrest."

Jenny was immensely relieved.  She didn't want to lie to her conscience.

"Now, Do you remember who put you in the frame originally?"

"Of course, silly.  I did."

"What!?"

"I did.  Before I was brought down here."

"Why did you put yourself in the frame?"

Jenny had to think for some time.

"Because I wanted to be a part of it.  It excites me."  She felt flushed.

The voice had ceased.

"Hello?" Jenny ventured.

"I'm here." the voice said testily.

More silence.

Finally, her conscience spoke again.

"Who brought you here?"

"That man did."

"What's his name?"

"I don't know.  he never told me."

"Why not?  Isn't it normal to introduce yourself?"

"Yes, but he's a bit.. weird.  He didn't talk much, and I forgot to ask him."

"Does he know your name?"

"No, I don't think so."

"How did you meet him?"

She proceeded to recount everything that had happened since that day.  It felt
good to speak to her conscience.  Eventually, the voice commanded her: "Stop."

She waited.

"I'm going to show you some photographs.  Tell me if you recognize one."

"Okay."

A small screen was placed in front of her eyes. She had a little trouble seeing
as the pictures blurred past.

"Wait!  That's him!" she exclaimed.

"This man?"

"Yes! I met him in the Darksyde!"

"Good.  You've done well, Jenny.  Now I want you to go to sleep.  Can you do
that, Jenny?"

"Sure.  I..."  Darkness overtook her.

SMACK!

The pain brought Jenny back from the abyss.

"Where's the copy?" her conscience demanded.

"Copy?"

SMACK!  The pain rocked through her.

"You made a copy of the video.  Where is it?"

"There isn't a copy.  I didn't make one."

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!  Her behind was burning.  She convulsed from the
pain, but the frame held her fast.

"To lie is pain!  Now tell me where you hid the copy!"

"I didn't make one! Honest!" she wailed.  "I just told him I did to get him to
bring me here!  I don't know how to copy those things.  I had some kid come over
to fix my laptop so I could watch them even!"

SMACK!  Jenny sobbed.

"And did he make a copy?"

"No!" she sobbed, "He just put in something so I could look at videos and I
kissed him and he ran out that's all!"

She tensed up for another whack, but it never came.

Something came up under her face and pushed against her lips.

"Open!"

It pushed her lips painfully against her teeth.  She opened her mouth and it
slid home.  This one had a hole in the middle.

Her ass burned like a volcano.  She continued to sob into the new gag, drool
seeping through the hole and into a receptacle below her.

She heard the door open and numerous footsteps approach.

"Sir?"

"Take her to lockdown five."

"Yes, sir!"



She was in motion.  The pain swirled and eddied about her consciousness.  She
floated down hall after hall, then down another elevator.  As she started
rolling again, she could hear distant screams.

"You hear that?  That's gonna be you in a bit." someone beside her said.

"Shame, too.  You have such a pretty ass."  A hand caressed along her cheeks. 
Fingers pushed into her and massaged her clitoris.  She tried to pull away, but
she couldn't move an inch.  The fingers played over her nub slowly, then faster. 
She started to pant through the gag.  Deeper, longer strokes, then fast again,
until she finally convulsed in orgasm, screaming into her gag.

"That's a gift from me." the voice chuckled.  "It's the last one you'll have for
a long time."

The frame started rolling again.  A door opened beside her and she was wheeled
into another room.

Someone smacked her on the bottom.  "Here you are, bitch.  Home sweet home." 
The boots strode off, closing the door behind them.  She was alone again.



The door opened.  "Feeding time!"

A hand reached in front of her face carrying something.  It was a small hose of
some sort.  The hose was inserted into the hole in her gag.  She heard a machine
whir to life.

"Bon apetit!" said a voice.  The boots left, closing the door behind them.  The
only sound was the pulsating sound of the small motor.  Something pushed through
the gag into her mouth.  It was semi-liquid, semi-solid, and tasted like salty
crackers.  She tried to block it but it kept coming in, filling her mouth and
spilling out the sides into the tub below her.  She swallowed some.  Suddenly
realizing how hungry she was, she gulped it down in hungry mouthfuls.  It was
difficult to swallow with the gag in place, but she eventually got to the point
where most would go down her throat instead of into the tub.  Suddenly the
machine beeped twice and stopped.  She still felt hungry, but the pump would
offer her no more.

The door opened again and someone walked in.  The tube was removed and the tub
changed for a fresh one.  She could see long streams of drool reaching down and
making a small puddle in the new tub.

She felt something rub against her anus.  Electricity again!  She clenched it
shut.

SMACK!  "Don't clench!  It's going in whether you want it to or not."

Something pushed against her anus.  She held fast but it started pushing harder. 
She groaned in pain as it pushed harder and harder.

"When you finally give out, it's gonna shoot in so hard you'll wish you were
dead.  Now are you going to cooperate?"

Terrified, Jenny did her best to nod.  She relaxed her sphincter and the probe
slid home, while another invaded her vagina.  With a jerk, it was pushed in
further.  Another machine whirred to life as the man left.  Suddenly her bowels
expanded dramatically.  She screamed and tried to push the probe out but it
wouldn't budge.  Suddenly, it reversed and began to suction.  She felt her
insides being pulled, making her feel ill.  The vaginal probe had also begun to
violate her.  Liquid would be pushed in, then sucked back out again.  This
continued for an eternity.



The machine turned off suddenly.  Jenny sobbed into her gag.

"OK, quick wash down and we'll get you hooked up!"

Cold water sprayed across her back.  Jenny bucked so hard the whole frame shook. 
A soapy brush ran along her back and down her legs.  The bottom of the frame
opened up so that her belly was hanging loose.  It was intensely painful to be
suspended like that.  The brush cleaned along her belly, on her breasts, and
then on her face.  She closed her eyes and tried not to breath in the suds as
the brush continued to her forehead.  Cold water sprayed her and cleaned the
suds off.  The man grabbed her hair and began washing it.  Jenny shivered from
the cold.

The man rinsed her hair off and then tied it back.  Another machine started up
and she was hit with a jet of warm air.  It was brought to every part of her
body until she was completely dry, except for her hair.  She was quite relieved
when the bottom of the frame was put back in place.  Her arms and legs were very
tired by this point.

"That's a pretty girl." the man said as he inserted two fingers and gently
massaged her clit.  She let out a low moan.

"OK, let's get those titties ready!"

She could see a pair of arms fiddling underneath her but couldn't tell what they
were doing.  Suddenly, she felt his fingers rolling her nipples.  They instantly
hardened up.  He brought a tube up and fiddled some more.  She felt a slight
pinch on her nipple.  He then did the same to the other.  Another machine began
its routine.  She felt a tugging on the right nipple, then the left, then the
right again.  She was being milked!

"nghhh! aghhhh! mrighhh!" she screamed.

"Whoa! take it easy, girl.  Just relax and let them do their job."

She felt cold pads being placed about her body.  On her arms, on her back, her
thighs, her cheeks.

He then left, leaving her to contend with this new machine.  Her nipples were
being sucked quite hard, and they were beginning to hurt.

schhhk! schhhk! schhhk! schhhk! was their relentless refrain.  She shook from
side to side.  Her breasts swung back and forth, but the suckers held fast. 
schhhk! schhhk!

It was getting quite painful now.

Her thigh convulsed involuntarily.  Then the other one.  Now her back tensed
suddenly.  Everywhere that he'd put a pad, the muscles began to tense and relax.

What on earth had gone through her head?  Why the hell had she forced him to
bring her here?  What possible thought had made her imprison herself in this
hell?

She whimpered and sobbed but no relief would come.



"Good morning!" a loud voice boomed into the room.  She must have passed out
during the night.  The milkers were still attached, trying to grab every last
drop from her very sore breasts.

The man walked up to her and the sucking and muscle tensing subsided.  She ached
all over.

"That's it?  No wonder they sent you here.  We'll have to change your hormone
balance a bit to compensate."

What did he mean by that?

The man held a container next to her face, maybe 1/10th full of her milk. 
"You'll have to do better than that, I'm afraid."

She heard him leave and the door close after him.  Alone again.



"Well, not giving enough milk, are we?"  She let out a scream and went rigid
against her bonds.

"Startle you?  That's good, because I'm going to do a lot more than that to you. 
Today is your first day of pain, and so I'd like to start our introduction with
a personal friend of mine.  She watched as a thin bamboo cane was waved under
her face.

"The cane is a wonderful tool.  It can be gentle, and it can be harsh.  For
example..."  She felt the cane against her breasts.  It rubbed back and forth,
smooth, then knobby.  She gasped through her gag.

"It can also do this."  The cane swished.  Pain erupted on the underside of her
breasts.  She shrieked at the top of her lungs and strained against the
imprisoning frame.

"You see?  Gentle..."  The cane rubbed once more on her burning breasts.

"Harsh!"  She winced, but nothing came.

PAIN!

It took her completely by surprise.  She broke down and began to sob.

"You have very lovely breasts, my dear.  I think I'll have lots of fun with
those.  But of course we can't forget back here!"

PAIN! from her backside this time.  She shrieked again.  The cane rubbed against
her exposed skin.  Rhythmically, tenderly.

PAIN!  She screamed again.  "Nghuh! haghhuh! aghhh nghh!"

"What's that?  You want me to do your pussy too?"

"nghh! ngough! hgab-i!"

"Go?  OK!"

PAIN!  INTENSE PAIN!  Oh god, how could something hurt so much?  Make it stop!
oh god!

"Feels good, doesn't it?"

"ungh ungh! ungh ungh! nreeeeegh ach!"

"You sure like to talk.  Let's play a counting game then.  I'll cane you 5
times, and you count them.  One grunt for one, two grunts for two and so on. 
Don't miscount though or we'll have to start all over again."

"Ready?  Go!"

SWISH!

She screamed, and broke down crying.

"I can't hear you."

"ungh!"

SWISH!

Sobbing, she managed "ungh! ungh!"

SWISH!

"ungh! ungh! ungh!"

SWISH!

"ungh! ungh! ungh! ungh!"

"That was number five, not four."

"nguo agagh gho!  gho!"

"Haha just kidding.  Fun, isn't it?"

Jenny sobbed.

SWISH!

She screamed again and almost fainted.

"I can't hear you!"

"ungh! ungh! ungh! ungh! .... ungh!"

"Very good!  I bet you did really well in school, but that's over now.  This is
your new life.

She started to shudder uncontrollably.  Oh god, it was coming.

"Whoa, hold on there not so fast!"  SWISH!  She went rigid.

Something penetrated her pussy.  "OK, now go!"  He pumped her rhythmically.  He
was raping her!  She tried to resist the oncoming waves, but they heaved against
her mind, breaking it down, until she finally gave way sobbing to the waves of
ecstasy.  She could feel her vaginal muscles clenching against his throbbing
member.  He grunted and she squealed as wave after wave washed over her,
drowning her very self in oblivion.

"Oh God that was great!  you're one of the better fucks I've had, that's for
sure."

She heard his zipper.  The food tube was reattached to her gag.  "Finish eating,
then I'll be back to paddle you later."

She remained there, half-consciously consuming the salty cracker gruel as it
pushed into her mouth.



The door opened again.  "You're sure?"

"Positive.  It came from this room.  I saw Roger come out with it."

"But we haven't been stoking her at all."

"I ran the tests twice.  This stuff is pure gold."

"How is that possible?"

"Well, sir, the only thing I can think of is that she's a true masochist.  She
gets off on pain.  You should actually keep her down here.  She'll produce
better."

They were talking about her.  Was she really a masochist?  She'd never really
thought about it before, but it would explain why she found all her boyfriends
boring.  They always treated her like a fragile thing, not to be handled
roughly.

"Sir!"  A new voice entered the conversation.

"What is it, son?"

"Orders, sir.  She's to be brought upstairs."

"What?  But she just got here!  What's going on?"

"I don't know sir, but I have my orders, sir."

"Wait here."  He stomped off.

She couldn't hear if the other two were talking or not, but the feeding machine
was making a low level hum so they could be murmuring to one another.

The man in charge stomped in again.  "Very well, son, she's all yours."

"But sir! She's got the highest..." the other voice chimed in.

"I don't want any lip, I just want it done.  Carry on."

"Sir!" came both their voices.

The machine was turned off and the hose removed.



Shortly after, she was up a number of floors being wheeled into another room.

"Get out." a voice commanded.  "And you were never here, got it?"

"Yes sir!"  The door closed.

"Well, Jennifer Paige, you certainly know how to fall in with the wrong crowd."

It was the man who had interrogated her earlier.

"It's really too bad you can't stay, because I think you'd fit in well here."

"nghuuh?"

"You weren't sent to us, so we can't keep you.  That means you're free to go. 
Oh, and your unnamed friend?  Don't ever approach him again.  You have been
warned."

"Nghaah hgrr ghay!"

Something pricked her skin.  Darkness covered her like a blanket




CHAPTER 7: THE REAL WORLD



She awoke to the sound of silence.  Her body was aching all over.  She felt
nauseous and had to use all her concentration not to vomit into the gag... which
wasn't there.  Her hand moved to inspect and it was indeed gone.  And her hand
was free!  She sat up suddenly.  She was in her bed.  The world began to swim
away and she lay back down.

The ceiling.  She'd spent all that time looking only at the floor and here was a
ceiling.  It didn't look much different, really.

The doorbell rang.  She ponderously got out of bed and threw on a morning coat. 
The apartment was a complete mess.  No doubt they had ransacked it after finding
out who she was.

The doorbell rang again.  Jenny went to the door and opened it a crack.  It was
Mrs Gray, the landlady.

"There you are!" she exclaimed.  "I've been looking for you three days now!  You
don't answer your door, you don't answer your phone.  I was starting to worry
about you!"

"I'm fine, Mrs Gray.  I just had to visit some family."

"Well you could at least have left the rent with me before you left then!  It's
three days overdue you know!"

"Yes, I'm sorry Mrs Gray.  I just forgot since it happened so suddenly."

"Oh really?  I hope it wasn't too serious!"

That was Mrs Gray's patented opening line of interrogation.  Even old hens
called her a blabbermouth.

"Well, I'd rather not talk about it."

"Oh."  she said, clearly disappointed.  She'd probably try again later.

"Are you sure you're alright?  You look positively pale, child!"

"I'm fine, really, Mrs Gray.  I just caught a flu, that's all."

Mrs Gray practically leapt back in the corridor.  "Well," she said in nervous
tones, "You take care of yourself then, and have the rent paid when you're
feeling better, but before the weeks end!"  She darted down the hall.

Nothing like the hint of sickness to scare her off.  Now she'll spend the rest
of the day telling her fellow hens how her head hurts and how she must be coming
down with something.



Jenny went to the kitchen to make some coffee.  She hadn't had any in a long
time and the craving was getting strong.  She glanced at the kitchen clock. 
June 3rd.  She'd been gone a week.

Jenny busied herself with cleaning up the apartment to keep her mind off that
ordeal.

The next day she started looking for work.  Her job at the Pack 'n Shop was
gone, of course.  You don't just miss 3 days work without calling and expect
then to welcome you with open arms.  Dave had, of course, offered to still be
friends.  Yeah right.

School continued at its incredibly slow pace.  She could have missed a month and
not even noticed it.  All through the boring lectures, she found her mind
drifting back to her ordeal.  Was she really a masochist?  That week had been
horrible for sure, and yet she felt almost a yearning...



That night she decided to do a little investigation on the internet.  She found
a large number of sites about bondage and S&M, eventually hitting a local
bondage club resource page.  Sure enough, there was one in her town, at her
campus even!

She started frequenting the club and its activities, and even met a dom at one
of the events.  He played rough, for sure, but it just wasn't the same, somehow,
and she always finished disappointed.  It was as if knowing that she would be
released afterwards just killed the mood.  She asked him to lock her up for long
terms, but he refused to do anything beyond overnight.

"It starts to get dangerous with multiple days in bondage." he'd said, "Besides,
you have work and school.  You don't want this taking up all of your time."

He was right, of course.  She'd found another cashier job where she worked three
days a week, and she couldn't afford to miss a single day if she wanted to keep
working there.  Plus, exams were coming up.



And yet she yearned.  Finally she made up her mind.  In the car she kept telling
herself that she only wanted to talk, nothing more.  He might not even let her
in after all the trouble she'd caused him.  As she turned into the apartment
complex, she was shaking visibly.

She went to the door, composed herself, and rang the bell.  No one answered. 
Maybe he wasn't home yet.  What would he say when he saw her face?

The door opened and her breath caught in her throat.

"Yeah?"  A complete stranger peered out at her.   "Whaddaya want?"

"Uhh sorry.. I must have the wrong apartment." she said weakly.

He grunted and slammed the door in her face.

Of course he'd have moved.  As long as she knew where he lived, she could start
snooping around again.  Why the hell was she out here anyway?  They'd probably
have her killed or worse.  She felt a pang of regret as she drove home.

That night she dreamed of the compound.  She was suspended spread eagle while
the man paced around her, trailing his whip behind him.  He would shout
something incomprehensible and then lash her with the whip.  She struggled hard
but in vain.  Her flesh was his prisoner as he lashed her stomach, then her
tits, then her cunt, ignoring her plaintive cries.  It felt so real she had to
examine herself in the mirror the next morning to be sure.




CHAPTER 8: CONSPIRACY



She started to lose interest in life.  Nothing seemed to be enough for her
anymore.  School was boring, her job was boring, even her dom was boring her
now.  This continued until a spark was lit from an unlikely source.  As she was
doing her nightly rounds in the bdsm chat channels, someone sent her a private
message: "Hey I hear you're into the really heavy stuff like encasement and
multi-day stuff.  Anyway you might like this site."

A link was attached.  She ignored it of course.  There were always spammers
trying to get people to their sites.  Later, however, she wondered if maybe it
had been sincere.  Checking the logs, she found the link again and typed it in.



The Howl Reports

Federal watchdog with bite!



It looked like one of those political paranoid nut pages.  There were all kinds
of "special exclusive reports" on things like flying saucers, roswell coverups,
presidential scandals and such.  She was about to close her browser when her eye
caught something:  "Women being tortured NOW in your very own country!  Martin
Howl uncovers a secret torture camp where women are held indefinitely and abused
daily."

She clicked on the link and read his report.  It was a little shy on fact and
big on political rhetoric, but it seemed strangely familiar.  She noted his
phone number and called him the next day.



"You've reached the Howl Reports!"

"Umm.. hi. I'd like to speak with Martin Howl please?"

"This is he."

"Oh hi.  I just read one of your reports and I was wondering if I could talk to
you about it?"

"What do you want to know?" he asked guardedly.

"Well, it's about those secret torture camps."

The other end was silent.

"Hello?"

"... Are you with a government or law enforcement agency?"

"No."

"Because if you are, you have to say.  It's the law and I have this conversation
recorded!"

"No, I'm just a concerned citizen.  Someone on online chat sent me to your page
last night."

"Who?"

"I don't remember.  I thought he was a spammer, but I decided to take a look
anyway later on."

Silence.

"Look, I'm not a cop, or a fed, or any other government or law enforcement
agency.  I'm just a student who wants to know more about this place."

"... Well okay then.  What do you want to know?"

"Everything you know.  Is there someplace we can meet?"

"Well, if you want to know everything, you should probably come here."



Jenny noted the details and set an appointment for the next day.  That night she
couldn't sleep.  Did this guy have anything real?  It could be the same place,
but then again it might not be.  He did live just out of town, and his article
said they operated nearby, which corroborated her experience driving there
somewhat.  Either way, this Martin guy sounded like a crackpot.

She half expected an overly nervous guy with a twitch and a tinfoil hat to
answer the door as she rang.  Martin himself was a little shorter than herself,
and a whole lot plumper.  He wore a black T-Shirt with a fuzzy picture of a
flying saucer and the words "REMEMBER" in block letters underneath, and jeans
that may once have fit him, but were 3 sizes too small by now, and probably only
a distant memory of their original color.



He led her through a door to the basement.  There were posters on all the walls
depicting UFOs, aliens and the like.  There was a large shelving unit made of
plywood on the back wall, practically bursting with papers, envelopes, binders
and folders.

"I went through my research again last night and pulled out the most relevant
parts." he said.  "What's your interest in this, anyway?"

"Oh, I have to do a term paper for political science." she lied.  "I'm doing it
on the progress of women's rights."

Martin nodded.  "Well then, you'll be quite shocked at the giant leap backwards
here."

"The place is called DSC or Democratic Study Chest.  They like using names like
that to cover the real operation going on."

They both pored over the documents.  "I've gotten some footage from inside, and
corroborated any names I found, and one thing stands out like a rotten fish."

"What's that?"

"Every woman in there is dead."

"What?"

"I checked the papers.  Every one of them has a record stating they were
executed."

"Soo, what I figure they're doing is snatching these women up and faking their
executions so they can bring them to these compounds."

"But why would they go to all that trouble?  Why not just grab people off the
streets?"

"My guess would be that they have to play by some kind of rules.  There's
probably an oversight committee involved somewhere.  But that's not the half of
it.  They also bring people in from other countries; Anywhere they execute
people."

Jenny remembered the Chinese girl in the video.

"But why are they doing this?  It doesn't make sense to follow all these weird
rules just to torture women."

"Well, I have a friend who's been doing some deep investigation, and apparently
DSC has some links to Bols Reuter, which is a chemicals factory.  There were
rumors awhile back in the power circles that they've come up with an aphrodisiac
that actually works."

"So?"

"So... When he told me that, I did some review of my footage, and found a lot of
suspicious talk.  They apparently milk the girls daily, and at first I thought
it was just part of their sadistic thing, but now it looks like the milk is an
essential ingredient in this aphrodisiac Reuter claims to make."

"Where is this footage?"

"Oh, I have them stored in the other room.  You don't want to look at those. 
They're pretty graphic."

"Listen, I came all this way to find out about this.  I'm not going to stop
now."

Martin paused.  "You're sure?  You probably won't like what you see."

"Yes.  Show them to me."



Martin went to the other room and started rooting around, talking to himself.

Jenny looked over the documents.  There were numerous inventory sheets
mentioning quantities of "reagent C".  The transcript he had showed her earlier
documented one of the guards saying "she's got a good reg-C count".  It seemed
somewhat plausible at least.

Martin came back and plopped a box of video tapes on the desk.

"Ok, here's the first one.  Let me warn you again, it's pretty graphic."

He started the video.  There was footage of guards talking to each other. 
Nothing special.  Then something rolled by.  It was hard to see since the video
quality was bad.

"Wait.  Replay that."

He cocked a smile.  "You noticed that too, huh?"

He rewound it and played it back half speed.  The guards were continuing their
slow discussion.  Suddenly, they moved back as if to make way for something.  A
large object rolled past.  It was unmistakable.  That was one of their frames.

"That's what they torture them on." he said casually.  "Now here's the real
stuff."  He ran the tape forward for some time.  More scenes of guards talking,
then it changed scenes.  This was a camera that was moving. She could see four
frames in the distance.  Someone was behind them swinging something, it looked
like.  The camera zoomed in.  There were women on the frames, one of them
struggling against her bonds and convulsing as the man behind her swung
something.  This was most definitely the same place.

Jenny's head swam.  "I uhh.. I have to go."

"Told you it was intense.  Hey, are you OK?"

Jenny felt light-headed.  "Yeah. I just need some air."

"Hey listen, I'm sorry about this but you did ask to see them.  Tell you what. 
I'll give you my card.  It has my private number on it.  If you want to
investigate some more or ask questions, just call me OK?"

"Yeah.  thanks."  Jenny needed to get outside and NOW.  She stumbled her way up
the stairs and burst through the door running.  She quickly got in her car and
drove off, leaving a rather confused Martin Howl in her wake.

Her heart was racing.  She'd found them!  But now what?  She knew where they
were, and what they were doing, but it didn't really do her that much good did
it?



She went through another sleepless night going through everything again and
again.  The thrill was steady in her stomach, and she didn't sleep a wink.

She'd gotten a name from Martin, a certain Raoul Fernandez, who apparently would
pose as an intelligence agent from Cuba.  At least three girls were arrested
after passing him sensitive data, and then later executed for treason.

She had a contact number, but she couldn't exactly contact him without any
information to pass on.  What kind of stuff did she need to get her hands on?

She called Martin the next day.

"Information?"

"Yes, I was wondering what kind of information those girls handed to this
Fernandez guy."

"Oh.  Oh it's all useless information that you can get out of an encyclopedia
actually, but the DOJ makes it sound really bad and then withholds the
information on the grounds of national security.  Actually, I have a copy of
this so-called "sensitive" information right here.  All three of the girls
handed in copies of the same document if you can believe that!"

"Could you fax it to me?"

"Sure."

After thanking Martin, she took the documents to the library, made copies, and
then burned the originals.  No sense in getting Martin in trouble over this.



Armed with her new information, she made the call to Raoul.

"Fernandez!"

"Umm.. hi.  Umm."

"Speak up! I cannot hear you!"

"Umm well I was told that I'm supposed to give you something."

"Give me something?  Give me what?  Hurry up, I haven't got all day."

"Well it's some documents that I have to give you..."

"Documents?  Well I can't just accept documents from anyone.  I like to keep
things on a first name basis.  You know my first name don't you?"

"Umm.. Raoul?"

"Good.  And your name?"

"Jenny.. Jennifer"

"Well, Jenni-jennifer, I'm pleased to make your acquaintance.  I can accept your
documents, but I'm afraid I'm stuck in Houston at the moment.  Can you make it
down here, say 2:00 PM tomorrow?"

"Umm.. sure I guess."

"You don't guess. will you be here?"

"Yes.

"OK, you can meet me at the Hilton in the lobby.  I'll be wearing a white hat
and sunglasses.  You will address me as Gonzales."

"OK."

"Good girl.  Now if you'll excuse me, I have another call.  Goodbye."

"Goodbye."



The exhilaration was mounting again.  Why was she doing this?  She knew where
the road ended, and yet she was almost possessed to follow it.

She reserved a return flight to Houston and again slept poorly.



The next afternoon found her in the lobby of the Hilton.  She hardly noticed any
of the decor around her; she was completely absorbed with finding Fernandez.

Eventually, she spotted him, chatting with another man.  She waited for the
conversation to finish, but it just went on and on.  Fernandez looked to the
entrance from time to time.  Maybe this was how she was supposed to hand off the
information?

Building up her courage, she walked up to where he was sitting.  "Um.. Mr
Gonzales?"

He paused in his conversation and turned to her.  "Yes?"

"I think these are yours."  She held out the folder.

"Oh yes, how forgetful I can be.  Thank you."  He took the folder and put it
under his jacket, then returned to his conversation.  This must be her cue to
leave.



She turned around expecting to find FBI agents standing there, but there was no
one.  She walked slowly to the lobby exit, then outside.  Nothing.

What happened?  He had to be crooked, taking the same info from three different
girls.  She hailed a cab back to the airport.

Entering the airport, she looked at each of the security guards, but they
ignored her completely.  Just to be sure, she went up to one of them.

"Umm.. excuse me. which way is the bathroom?"

The guard looked at her, smiled, and then pointed.  "Right that way, ma'am.  You
can't miss it."

"Oh.  Thank you."

Why weren't they here?

She went to the checkin counter.  No luggage so she went straight to the waiting
lounge.  The anticipation was getting to her.  She kept looking around for
anyone closing in on her.

Finally, they called for boarding.  Still nothing.  She waited as they began
boarding.

"This is the final boarding call.  Final boarding call for flight 201."

"Would Jennifer Paige please come to ticket counter 5?  Flight 201 is about to
depart."

Well, that was it.  A dud.  A waste of time.  She went to the counter.

"Jennifer Paige?"

"Yes."

"Could you go with this man please?"

"Huh?"

"You are Jennifer Paige?"

"Yes, I am."

"Could you go with this man please?"

She pointed to a security guard.

Gulping, Jenny followed him.  He led her to a corridor marked "Security
personnel only", and ushered her into a room.



There were two men seated at a table.  A lone chair was obviously hers.

"Jennifer Paige?"

"Yes.  What's this all about?"

"Could you sit down please?"

She looked at the chair.

"Please?"

She sat down.  One of the men nodded to the guard, who left.

"Ms Paige, I'm special agent Hunt, and this is special agent Torrez."

"Why am I here?  I have a plane to catch!"

"Ms Paige, it has come to our attention that you did on this day July 28th at
2:11 PM give a folder to a certain Raoul Fernandez, also known to use the alias
Gonzales."

"Wait a minute.  Am I under arrest?"

"Not as of yet, ma'am.  We just need you to answer some questions."

"Well if I'm not under arrest then I'll leave."

"Ma'am, if you refuse to answer questions, we will be forced to arrest you as a
suspect in this case."

"Fine.  I won't answer questions without a lawyer present."

"Very well.  Jennifer Paige, I am placing you under arrest for treason against
the United States of America."



She was placed in a solitary cell, hands and legs cuffed.  She spent a lot of
time thinking.  There was no turning back now.  Either Martin was right or she'd
be a dead woman very soon.  She slowly fondled the steel cuffs that imprisoned
her wrists and ankles.  They felt cool against the skin.  They gently caressed
her wrists, but they would not give up their prisoner.  It felt nice to sleep
with them on.

The next day, her court appointed lawyer came.

"Why is she still cuffed?  Is she a dangerous criminal?"

A guard came in and, much to Jenny's disappointment, released the cuffs.

Maybe if she tried to attack him, he'd put them back on, but she probably
shouldn't go over the top on this.  A petulant child act was in order here.

"I didn't do anything wrong!" she sulked.

"I know you didn't, but the problem is the prosecution has quite the case
against you.  They even have video footage of you handing the information to an
enemy spy."

"So?  How was I supposed to know what was in it?"

"Well, who gave you the information?  Why did you pass it along?"

"It just seemed the nice thing to do.  You're worse than them.  All questions
and the like.  I didn't do anything wrong!"

"Jennifer.  May I call you Jennifer?"

"No!"

"Very well.  Ms Paige, I want to help you, I really do, but I can't unless I
have the facts."

"Look, I don't know who it was who gave the folder to me, OK?  Just leave me
alone."

"Ms Paige, they're going to try for the death penalty.  Now if I can't get a
case together for you, they might very well win."

"So do your job then!"

"I am, Ms Paige.  Perhaps now is not a good time.  How about I come back later?"

"How about you not come back at all?"

"Are you saying you do not wish my services?"

Jenny thought about this.  No.  That would be going too far.

"No.  You're OK.  Just not now."

"Very well, Ms Paige.  I shall call on you..."

"Later!"

"Very well.  Later then..."

He called to the guard and was led out.  Jenny was very tired, but was too
anxious to sleep.

The next day, the lawyer came back to visit.  "Ms Paige, is now a good time?"

"Fine." she said with a touch of boredom.

"I'm terribly sorry, Ms Paige.  We were not properly introduced last time.  I am
James Clavall, I'll be representing you in this case, if you so wish."

He held out his hand.  She looked at it, then lamely offered her own.

"Very good, Ms Paige.  Now they are unfortunately withholding the documents that
you allegedly passed on to Mr Fernandez, and so it makes our case somewhat
difficult.  If you could just tell me in your own words exactly what happened, I
will do my best to defend you."

That's precisely what she didn't want, but to deliberately sabotage her own case
would definitely raise a few eyebrows.  She decided instead to spin a yarn about
some boy at her school who had asked her to pass on documents to his father yada
yada.

James nodded and took notes throughout the interview.  He then thanked her and
turned to leave.

"So what are my chances then?"

He smiled thinly.  "I'll do my best, Ms Paige."



The trial was, of course, a farce.  The prosecution refused to show the
documents in question, and even went so far as to bring in false witnesses. 
Jenny made a point of calling them liars as they spoke, much to the discomfort
of the judge, who eventually threw her out of the proceedings with two charges
of contempt of court.  Not that it mattered really when you're up for execution.

She remained in a holding cell until the deliberations were finished.  After
just 3 hours, she was pronounced guilty.

"Jennifer Paige, in light of the seriousness of your crime, and your unrepentant
attitude, I'm afraid I have no choice but to sentence you to death by lethal
injection, the date of which shall be set tomorrow."




CHAPTER 9: DEATH



It was a hall of the dead.  You could smell death everywhere.  These were the
ones waiting for their passage to heaven, or, more likely, hell.

Some would rage, some would brood, some would cry.  All were without hope.



James came to visit her the day after the trial.

"I'm starting things going for an appeal.  It's a slim chance, but we might be
able to overturn this judge."

"Don't bother." she snapped.  "I did it, okay?  I knew what was in those
documents.  I passed them to Raoul fully knowing that he was a spy.  There was
no kid at school, got it?"

"I didn't just hear that.  Tell me I didn't just hear that.  If what you say is
true, then I cannot represent you.  Lying to your own lawyer is an incredible
breach of trust."

"Yeah, well I guess I'm not that trustworthy.  Goodbye."



The execution had been set for two weeks.  Jenny shrugged it off for the first
few days, but as time went on, she began to have doubts.

What the hell was she doing anyway?  Just because those girls names were in the
videos, did that mean it was really them?  They could just be using the names to
cover their true identities.  Jenny was suddenly very afraid.

The fear gnawed at her, taunted her, ate at her very soul.  Her sleep was
wrought with nightmares, which she'd wake up screaming from but couldn't
remember afterwards.



It finally got to her.  She jumped up and started shouting.

"Hey wait!  It's all a sham!  Those documents were fake!  I can prove it!  Get
my lawyer!"

She was later handed a note from one of the guards.

"Mr Clavall regrets to inform you that he can no longer represent you legally."

She turned to the guard.  "OK, get me another lawyer then!  I have money!  Just
get me someone!"

The guard chuckled.  "With someone as reputable as Clavall refusing to represent
you, what makes you think anyone else will so much as touch you?"

He left, chuckling to himself.  Jenny sank to the floor and began to cry.

She'd thrown her whole life away, and for what?  A very slight chance that some
UFO nut may be right about some guy called Raoul.  What the hell had she been
thinking?

She cried herself to sleep.



After that, she stopped eating and spent most of the time moping about, feeling
sorry for herself.  Nobody would come to defend her.  Not her father, who she
didn't even know.  Not her mother, who was either passed out drunk or in rehab
again.  Not Annie, who she hadn't spoken to since she was fired from the Pack 'n
Shop.  Anyone who did know her would have read about her in the papers.  Some
might even say she didn't seem like that kind of person, but nobody would come
to see her.

The door opened, and a guard came in, followed by a man carrying a large tray. 
Jenny recoiled in horror.  "Go away!" she screamed.

"It's your last meal, Ms Paige, I'd suggest you enjoy it."

"GO" huff "THE FUCK" huff "AWAY!" she screamed at the top of her lungs.  With
that she lunged at the guard.  She caught him off-guard and toppled him over as
she made for the door.  Turning the corner, she sprinted down the hall, hunted
and nowhere to go.  At the end of the hall was a large door which, of course,
was closed.  she slammed into it, pounding on it.  "Let me out!  LET ME OUT OF
HERE! OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!"

She was later placed back in her cage, wearing cuffs and leg irons.  She sat
staring sullenly at her last meal, then kicked it on the floor and lay in her
cot, crying softly.  The cuffs gave her some comfort, and she stroked their
metal surface gently until she fell asleep.



A priest came later, but she would not accept him.

"It's the end of your life, child.  What does it matter now what you believe?"

"Exactly, so get the fuck out!"

"But child, surely you want to be at peace with our father..."

"I SAID GET THE FUCK OUT!"

The priest left and was replaced with a man in the uniform.

"Do you have any last requests?"

"Yeah, let me out of here."

He smiled thinly.  "Any real requests?"

She didn't answer.

"Very well.  Jennifer Paige, I am here to carry out your sentence.  At 9:00 PM
tonight, you are to be put to death by lethal injection."

He nodded to two guards who came in the room.  She charged them and fought and
bit and kicked, but they were trained to handle these situations, and she was
dragged kicking and screaming down the hall.  A long wet streak followed from
where she wet her pants.

They dragged her past various rooms before reaching one with a large chair in
the middle.  It had straps on it to hold the prisoner down, and a nasty looking
injection system.  She was forced into the chair and the straps bound her in.

Once she was immobilized, she stopped screaming and started to whimper.  "Please
let me go.  I promise I won't do it again.  I promise!"

No one answered her.  They finished setting up and left the room.  She could see
the uniformed man looking at her through the window but she didn't care.  Her
mind was filled with a thousand choruses of chaos, undertoned with primal fear. 
Her life was being taken from her.  The whimpering turned to a high pitched
wail.  The executioner nodded to someone.  She watched the needle move to her
exposed arm.  She screamed and pulled at it, but it was no use.  The needle
slammed home and she watched in horror as the plungers lowered.  Felt the horrid
fluid enter her veins.  She screamed and screamed at the top of her lungs.  The
sickly fluid was in her, eating her away.  The room darkened.  She screamed
again and thrashed at her bonds.  Darkness came upon her and she couldn't scream
anymore.  The world closed her out.




CHAPTER 11: REBIRTH



She was in darkness.  So dark, so cold...



Light hit her like a hammer.  She tried to shield her eyes but she had no arms. 
There was a voice.  She couldn't understand what it was saying.

The light intensified, blinding her.  She was bathed in complete whiteness.  The
voice spoke once more.

"Jennifer..."

He was calling to her.  She couldn't see him but she wanted to follow.

"Jennifer."

She tried to follow but she couldn't move.

"Jennifer."

Her eyes opened.  Everything outside was blurred.

"Welcome back, Jennifer."

She squinted.  There was a vague outline moving near her.

"How many fingers?"

She squinted more.  There was only a vague outline.

Her mouth would barely move and she couldn't make a sound.

"A joke." he chuckled.  "You'll still need another day of recovery before your
sight comes back."

"b---right" she whispered softly.

"I know.  I'll turn it down before I go.  Just get some rest.  You'll feel much
better tomorrow."

The lights dimmed and she faded away.



She awoke again.

"Good morning, Jennifer."

She squinted and looked in the direction of the voice.  It was a man, definitely
older, but he was too fuzzy for her to make out specific features.

She struggled her way to a sitting position.  Something cold was pressed against
her hand.

"Drink.  You'll feel better if you do."

She clasped the vessel in her hands and drank in small gulps.  It was cool on
her throat.

Something was tugging at her arm.  As she reached for it, the man took her hand
and placed it in her lap.

"Best not to pull on the IV.  It's all that kept you alive this past week."

"... dead..." she whispered hoarsely.

"No, not dead.  Very much alive.  You've been snatched out from Mr Death and
have a new life now."

"why..."

"Just rest, love.  All will be revealed soon."

Her head was full of cobwebs.  Nothing was making sense.  She lay back down and
slept.



She awoke with a scream.  She was alive.  She was alive!!  She'd cheated death
and she was alive!

She sat up and looked around the room.  It was a dark tinted eggshell, and the
light was kept low.  There was a single door leading... somewhere.

Her arm hurt.  She looked at it to see two large bruises with puncture marks in
the middle.  The lethal injection... which didn't kill her.

Of course not!  Because she had been set up!  She was to become a slave.

Just for kicks, she tried the door.  It opened!

She peered around the corner.  There were people roaming the halls, but nobody
paid attention to her.  The IV was on a trolley, so she took it and walked
carefully down the hall, holding onto a railing for support.

She had just about reached the window when a voice called out.  "Ah, Jennifer! 
Good to see you on your feet!"

She slowly managed to turn around.  He stood there in a black suit and shiny
black shoes.  Probably around 50, with a touch of silver to his well-groomed
hair.

He smiled as he walked forward and extended his arm.  "May I?"

Jenny thought about it, then grabbed his arm with both hands.  He took the IV in
his other hand and they strolled slowly down the corridor.

"You're in the intensive care unit right now.  We can probably move you to a
regular ward tomorrow.  Do you think you'll be able to eat tomorrow?"

"I'm not sure" she rasped.  "I think so."

"Good!  I'll have someone remove that ghastly IV for you later today."

"This just all seems so weird.. I mean.."

"Yes, I know.  You fully expected to wake up in the afterlife, didn't you?"

Well, at first she hadn't, but in those last minutes the prospect of death had
been very real indeed.

"What actually transpired was that your scheduled injection was tampered with,
and as a result, failed to kill you.  Or should I say it did indeed kill you,
but not so far that we couldn't revive you later."

"You switched the drugs?" she asked, innocently.

"Precisely.  We have a derivative of the original drug which produces the same
apparent effect, but leaves a small window for revival afterwards.  It's quite
stable, and we have an 85% success rate."

"85%?  So you mean one in five people die?"

"Well... 85% is certainly much better than 0%, don't you think?"

They had returned to her room.  "You've exerted yourself quite a bit today. 
Perhaps you should get a little rest now."

She actually was feeling a bit weak.  "Yes, maybe I will."

"Very good!  I'll drop by sometime tomorrow to check on your progress."

She returned to her room and sat heavily down on the bed.  It had been a
strenuous day.



The next day, she was moved to a regular ward, where she remained for the next
week.  There were other women in the ward, also recovering from their deaths,
but she avoided them.

The old man came to visit from time to time and they would chat about hospital
life, although he would always dodge any questions she had about what happened
next.  That was okay because she already knew.  It felt a little disappointing,
like watching a movie where you've already seen the ending before.



A few days later, the piper came calling.

As she was finishing up her breakfast, two guards entered her room.  "Jennifer
Paige?"

"Yes?"

"Would you come with us, please?"



They led her to one of the side wings, into a service elevator.  They went down
for some time before the doors opened again.  Here, instead of the eggshell
hospital walls, were bare concrete walls and a polished concrete floor.  Since
she'd spent a week staring at this floor; it was unmistakable.

They led her into a room and closed the door.



"Take off your clothes." they commanded.

Jenny obeyed, and dropped her hospital gown to the floor.  Looking somewhat
disappointed, one of the guards produced handcuffs and leg irons and handed them
to her.  "Put these on."

She bent over and put on the leg irons.  The metal was smooth and cold on her
skin.  As she pushed them on, they made a satisfying click-click-click until
they were snug.  She then took the handcuffs and locked her wrists behind her
back.

The guards looked puzzled at her implicit willingness, but regained their
composure.  Each grabbed one arm and began to push her through a series of
corridors until they came to the right door.  It had a card swipe.  Above it
were four nameplates: Estrella Ramirez, Michelle Gerard, Jasmine Harper, and ...
Jennifer Paige!  Her breathing grew more rapid as a guard swiped his card.  The
door opened to reveal 3 women, equally naked and bound, and their 6 guards. 
They were staring around themselves, wide-eyed and terrified.  She was placed
along side of them to await her fate.



The door opened again.  "'Ten-hup!"  All of the guards shot to attention.

"Good evening, ladies!  I'm sure you're all wondering why you're here, so I'll
cut to the chase, so to speak."

She recognized that voice.  It was the man who had interrogated her before!

"To start, you are all criminals."  He began to pace in front of them. 
"Criminals who have been convicted in a court of law, and subsequently sentenced
to death."

He stopped and turned.  "Now, what we have done is delay your execution
somewhat.  Some live on for only months.  Others years.  It all depends on your
ability to produce."

He walked back, inspecting each girl more closely.  "Now each of you..."  As he
reached Jenny, his jaw dropped.  She gave him a timid smile.  He quickly
regained his composure.  "Ahem, now each of you has been selected because of
your ability to produce milk."

"What?" exclaimed one of the girls.

"SILENCE!" he bellowed.  "You will not speak until spoken to!  You will also
address me and any of the guards as 'Master'. is that clear?"

"I said IS THAT CLEAR?"

"Yes, master!" came the chorus of replies.

"Good."



He walked over to one of the frames.  "Now this" he said, patting one of them,
"is your new permanent home.  Once attached, you will remain there for the rest
of your lives.  you will eat in it, you will sleep in it, you will have your
bowels vacated in it, and, most importantly, you will be milked in it."

There was a gasp from some of the girls.

"Some of you," he said, ignoring the outburst, "may have noticed that your
breasts have grown slightly larger over the past week.  This is a normal
reaction to the hormones in your diet, and they will grow some more over the
next month.  You each have a quota of milk to produce, based on your body's
natural ability.  If you produce less, you will be punished.  If you disobey an
order, or fail to obey immediately, you will be punished.  If you persist in
your disobedience, you will be sent to a lower level for training.  This is your
only warning."

He turned around to face them.  "Well, ladies, welcome to your new lives. 
Guards, kindly assist them."

One of the girls screamed and tried to hobble for the door.  She was dragged
kicking and screaming towards the frame.  The other two were also struggling and
cursing.



Jenny's guards grabbed her and began to push her forward.

"Stand easy.  I'll take care of her."  The guards released her and stepped back. 
He gently took her arm and began to lead her to the frame.  "You're the last
person I'd ever expect to see here again."

"I came a long way to be here, Master."

"Indeed you have, indeed you have." he said thoughtfully.  "You know, you are
the first girl in history to have gotten out of one of these."

"I doubt I'll get out a second time, Master." she said with a little smile.

He looked down at her affectionately.  "This time there's no escape, I'm
afraid."

The other three girls were still struggling against the guards, who had them
mostly into their respective frames.



He took out a key and released her cuffs.  "Are you ready?"

"Yes, master."

He motioned towards the frame.  She stepped up to it, her skin tingling all
over.  She caressed its smooth, polished surface.  Stepping forward, she placed
her legs in their appointed restraints.  Reaching behind her, she pulled on a
lever, and metal bolts slammed into place around her right leg.  Another lever
produced another satisfying clank and her left leg too, was imprisoned.  He
stepped up and gently bent her forward.  A thrill ran up her spine as her belly
touched the cool metal underneath.  Her breasts dangled freely through the
accommodating hole.  Her arms went into their respective restraints, flesh
against metal.  He came around and pulled both levers, rendering her arms
immobile.  She felt the smooth touch of the metallic ribs as they closed over
her back one by one, to be locked in place with a satisfying click.

He came around front and held her by the chin.  This would be the last time she
would see his tender face.  "It's good to have you back." he said softly, and
then gently pushed her head down.  The metal bar with its attached ball gag
pushed into her open mouth, filling it one final time.  The neck restraint
thudded home, followed by the head restraint.  This time, there was no turning
back.  She was his prisoner, a prisoner of flesh.

"Privates!"

"Sir!"

"Take her to lockdown five."

"Sir?"

She yelped as he gave her ass a healthy smack.

"She's been a very bad girl."




EPILOGUE



The Howl Reports  November 12th, 2003



Some of the more astute readers may have noticed a large chunk of my web site
and blog are missing (Namely, everything).  Over the past few days, I have
received repeated "visits" from our good friends the feds as they continued
their "discovery process" (I'm not allowed to call it ransacking or pillaging)
in my house.

What does this mean for the Howl Reports?  Well, it means that all of my
hard-earned evidence has now been placed in the loving care of our friendly
neighborhood spooks, and I've been "advised" that "taking a vacation" from the
net might be a good idea.

Now I know some of you may think that I should fight this, and believe me I am,
but it's a lot easier to fight the way I am now, rather than as a "guest" at
their "tea house" if you get my drift.



A parting tidbit of news:  You may want to check out any of the major Texas
newspapers from the 4th.  You might discover that a certain woman was "retired"
at 9:00 the night previous. I had the privilege of entertaining her at my home a
few months ago as she worked on her term paper about a conspiracy where fake
intelligence would be passed on to unsuspecting girls, who would then be
arrested and executed for treason.  Many of my loyal readers know what happens
after that, but alas, I am not allowed to talk about that anymore.

Still, a bit strange that she'd suddenly be "executed" for treason not 2 months
later, isn't it?



Well, I'm off now, on a long "vacation".  For you feds, you may have knocked
this dog out of the race, but there will be plenty more after me.



- Martin Howl





Jenny twitched and moaned as the tubes were removed.  The milking always made
her nipples very sensitive.  Master rubbed them lightly with his calloused
fingers.  Jenny moaned and squirmed in her imprisoning frame.

SMACK! on her tender breasts.  The jolt ran up and down her spine and overloaded
her senses.

"Enough of that, princess, it's time for your punishment."

Jenny let out a low moan into her gag, drool stretching down to a rather large
pool in the capture pan below.

"I think I'll use the paddle today.  You look really sexy with a red ass."

She heard him walk around and pick something up.  He then walked some more.

The anticipation was the worst part, and he knew that.  She tensed her muscles,
waiting for the blow, then released.  Still nothing.  He always seemed to know
the point where she was at her weakest...

WHACK!

Stars erupted as she let loose a scream that quickly turned her to jelly.

WHACK!

Pain!  Pain that was just as intense as day one.

WHACK!

She sobbed into her gag, making unintelligible begging noises.  He paused. 
Would he relent this time?  He always did this to make her torment all the
worse...

WHACK!

She shrieked at the top of her lungs and collapsed against the frame.

Something beeped.

"What?" came his irritated voice.

"I'm busy now!"

A short silence.  "Goddammit." under his breath.

"Fine.  I'll be right there."

She felt his rough hands against her burning flesh.

"I'll be back to finish you later, Jenny."

His fingers dug deep into her cheeks.

"Then I'm gonna fuck this three ways from Sunday."

The boots strode off, leaving her alone with her pain.



She'd had her one-year anniversary a while ago.  He'd given her a
double-beating, and placed a cake with one big candle under her breasts  The
burning had been excruciatingly painful.  It was impossible to tell the time
beyond that.  Only milking after milking, and then the beatings.

She pulled against the frame, but it held her as it always did, naked, alone
and, helpless, to be used and violated by any man who came in.

She smiled slightly behind her gag.  There's no place like home.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Simone Locke


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





