BDSM Library - Stallions




Stallions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mark meets his true Master and gets turned into a pony boy in the most brutal fashion.
Stallions
by 2NN

This story is not for minors or people who are offended by sexually explicit 
stories.

Prologue
Mark had been going to the same gym for about three months when he met Dave. 
Mark was into bodybuilding and loved to see his muscles flex in the mirrors. At 
six foot two inches, with brown hair and brown eyes and a very muscular and very 
tan body, he was the envy of most of the others at the gym, but he couldn't help 
feeling envious when he laid eyes on Dave in the mirror. Dave was easily six 
foot seven and so muscular it made Mark seem puny in comparison. With blonde 
hair, blue eyes and a killer smile he made a lot people turn their heads, both 
male and female. 
Mark was one of them. Not only was he envious of the more muscular man, he also 
lusted after him. Although he had always known that he was a homosexual, Mark 
nonetheless still lived in the closet at age twenty-four. He had had a few 
random one-night stands, but no lasting relationships. He lived alone and had no 
friends. At night he would fantasize about all the beautiful bodies he saw at 
the gym and masturbate. 
He had left his only living relative, an aunt, a long time ago and the last 
thing he had heard about her was a notice in the local newspaper concerning her 
funeral. After that he had cancelled his subscription to the paper and thus 
severed the last remaining connection to his hometown.
Mark had no special talents. He wasn't very bright and he wasn't very good with 
his hands. His strength was his only asset and so he worked as a mover, hauling 
closets, washing machines and such all day long. It was boring, not very well 
paid and there was a constant stream of employees in and out of the company.
The only thing Mark really cared for was bodybuilding. Not only did he love 
watching his own body, he also loved to secretly admire the other's bodies. He 
wished he had the courage to come out of the closet and hit on one of the other 
guys in the locker room, but so far he had been too shy.

Right now, however, he thought that that might change. The man who had just 
walked in, Dave, was the most sexy and muscular guy Mark had ever seen. He spent 
the rest of his training session stealing glances in his direction, using the 
mirrors to avoid being noticed. But apparently he didn't have much success 
because he soon saw Dave looking back at him. Mark quickly looked away, but it 
was too late. He had been spotted. When Dave left before him, Mark was both 
relieved and disappointed. Relieved because now he didn't have to take any 
action; he could just go back to hiding as he had been all along. Disappointed 
because he had been really attracted to the other man.

But after training, when he had showered and was on his way home, he got a 
surprise. Outside the gym, casually waiting on the corner was the man he had so 
lusted after. Seeing Mark he walked over to him and addressed him: "Hi there. Is 
it just me, or were you eyeing me in there?" His voice was a deep and somehow 
sexual rumble. Mark was completely at loss and started stammering some lame 
excuse, but the man cut him off: "I'm Dave. Who are you?" Mark's stuttering was 
stopped by the direct question and he answered: "My name is Mark. I'm sorry if 
I.." Dave cut him off: "Bullshit. You were ogling me and you are not sorry." 
Mark's face turned bright red as he thought of an answer, but Dave beat him to 
it: "And neither am I." Mark's head jerked up in surprise as Dave continued: 
"Let's go somewhere private. How about my place? Let's see where this goes." 
Mark was too surprised to object and more than a little turned on by the strong 
come-on from Dave. Soon they were sharing a cab on their way to Dave's place.




Chapter 1

Dave's place turned out to be a two-room apartment on the edge of one of the 
city's better neighborhoods. It was nice and after a bit of initial awkwardness 
Dave and Mark sat on the couch talking. Mark felt remarkably relaxed. Dave had a 
way about him that completely disarmed whatever apprehension there had been and 
he had the ability to make people talk. Soon, without him even thinking about 
it, Mark had told him everything there was to know about himself, whereas Dave 
hadn't said a word about his life. When Mark began to ask, Dave moved in close 
and laid his hand on Mark's thigh and looked him in the eye. Mark's questions 
stopped. He was mesmerized as the other man grabbed hold of his head, drew him 
near and kissed him deeply. As strong hands gripped him, Mark gave up control 
and let Dave's tongue explore his mouth as the kissing intensified. In his few 
sexual encounters Mark had always been the one taking charge, but here Dave was 
in complete control, his hands roaming freely over Mark's body. And Mark let him 
do it. He couldn't remember ever being so excited; his breath came in ragged 
gasps as Dave unzipped Mark's pants and took out his quite large member, now 
fully erect and throbbing with need. Mark moaned as Dave expertly stroked him 
towards a thundering orgasm, but just before Mark exploded Dave took away his 
hand and said: "Strip and get on all fours. I want to fuck you. Hard." Dave had 
never had anything up his ass, it had always been him fucking his partners, but 
he found himself unable to refuse. Dave being in control of the situation just 
seemed right and in a few seconds Marks was standing in his hands and knees 
stark naked, his cock rock hard and craving attention. As he watched Dave 
undress he began stroking himself. Dave was just so hot that he couldn't help 
it. Dave, however, did not approve: "Get your hands off that cock!" he barked, 
"That cock is mine!" There was such power and command in his voice that Mark 
instantly complied, resuming his position on all fours, waiting for Dave to 
undress. When Dave had finished undressing, Mark was practically drooling with 
lust. Dave had the hottest body he had ever seen. He was tall and tan and 
bulging with muscles. Apart from his crotch he had little body hair and his 
muscular body glistened with a very light sheen of sweat. His cock, which stood 
almost straight out from his body, was the largest Mark had ever seen and he 
doubted if he would be able to take it. All the same, the prospect of Dave 
pounding his huge cock up his ass excited him more than he could say.
Seeing Mark's lust written plainly in his face, he grabbed Mark by the hair and 
twisted his face upwards to kiss him again. Instinctively Mark knew that he 
shouldn't try to lift his hands, but instead let Dave remain in complete 
control. When the kiss ended, Mark was panting with desire as he felt Dave take 
up position behind him. First came the cold feeling of his ass being greased up 
and then Dave's huge cock was forced up his ass. At first it was gentle, but as 
Dave's excitement grew, so did the force behind his cock and when he rammed it 
al the way in, Mark let out a breathless shout of pain and excitement. The huge 
cock rammed up his ass hurt quite badly, but he also liked it. He liked it a lot 
and soon he was moaning with lust, moving with the thrusts. When Dave's hand 
reached around and stroked his cock, Mark's excitement reached a new high and 
with seconds he was almost screaming with desire. He came thrashing and 
screaming with what was without a doubt the best orgasm of his life, his cum 
pumping out of him in a seeming endless stream. As his own orgasm wound down he 
heard Dave moan and felt his hot cum spurting up his ass. Dave grabbed Mark's 
hips even more firmly than before as he pumped the last of his semen into Mark's 
ass.
Afterwards, when Dave released his hold on Mark's hips, Mark collapsed on the 
floor, completely spent.
As he lay there, Dave knelt beside him and leaned in to kiss him. The kiss was 
long and passionate and Mark didn't see Dave's hand holding a syringe 
approaching his ass. Suddenly he felt a sharp prick in his buttocks and he let 
out a yelp of surprise, but when he wanted to jump up and ask Dave what the hell 
was going on, his strength failed him. His muscles went limp and his mouth felt 
like it was full of cotton. Soon he was completely paralyzed. He was still awake 
and aware of what was happening, but he couldn't even call out. He was 
completely helpless and this helplessness was underlined when Dave lifted his 
limp body up as easily as one would lift a toy, and carried him into the 
bedroom. Here he proceeded to tie up Mark. 
First he put Mark's hands into black, leather mittens, squeezing his hands into 
an almost cone-like shape. Then he folded Mark's arms up, tying Mark's crossed 
wrists between his shoulder blades. To make sure that his arms stayed there, he 
strapped three broad leather straps around Mark's chest and tightened them until 
Mark thought his ribs would crack, thus immobilizing Mark's arms and hands 
completely. Then he took four more leather straps and used them to effectively 
fuse Mark's calves to his thighs, so that he couldn't stretch his legs, making 
him assume a kneeling position no matter what. Finally he put a broad, black 
leather collar around Mark's neck and forced a truly enormous, black ball-gag 
into his mouth. Then he threw Mark on the bed and left the room.

Within minutes Mark's strength returned, but now it was useless. No matter how 
much he struggled he couldn't get free. He twisted and turned, thrashed and 
struggled but the straps wouldn't let him go. He tried shouting, but the only 
sounds escaping the gag were strange and ineffectual gurgles. To his eternal 
shame he could feel a small stream of cum seeping out of his ass as he struggled 
to get free. 
After a while he noticed that Dave was standing in the doorway, laughing at his 
futile struggles. "You might as well stop wasting your energy trying to get 
free," he said, "you're my bitch now and I'm never going to let you go." Mark's 
struggles stopped as Dave spoke: "You will think of me as Master and I will use 
you anyway I like and there is nothing you can do to stop it. No one will come 
looking for you. You are destined for a life of slavery. Get used to the 
thought. For now I think I'll just fuck you again." With that he climbed onto 
the bed and turned Mark around so that he knelt on the bed, facing away from 
Dave. As his legs were spread he tried to clench his buttocks to prevent Dave 
from entering his ass. Dave chuckled a little and grabbed Mark's balls, holding 
them firmly in his hand: "Now slave, if you don't loosen up right now I'm going 
to squeeze your balls until you pass out." Just to prove his point, he gave 
Mark's balls a squeeze making him emit a small scream of pain. It wasn't really 
that painful, just enough to show Mark who was the boss. It made Mark realize 
how futile his struggles were and he unclenched his buttocks. As soon as he 
relaxed Dave pounded his cock up his ass and began fucking him with long, hard 
strokes. Mark grunted with each stroke as he was being fucked in the 
crouching/kneeling position. With one hand Dave grabbed Mark's short hair, 
forcing his head back, while the other found his cock and began stroking it. 
Initially Mark hadn't thought that there was anything remotely sexy about the 
situation, but now he found himself responding, moving with the rhythm, moaning 
with pleasure rather than grunting with discomfort. The situation, with Dave in 
complete control and Mark being fucked, wasn't all that different from the 
situation that had turned him on so much when Dave had seduced him. As the 
fucking continued Mark's excitement grew until he once again came, his eyes 
rolling back in their sockets as he thrashed and tried to scream behind the gag. 
Not long after he felt and heard Dave cuming, shooting his jism up his ass. When 
he had cum, Dave kicked Mark out of bed so that he could have it to himself. 
Mark landed painfully on his side, but the pain was nothing compared to the 
humiliation. He realized that Dave was probably as good as his word and intended 
to keep him as a slave for a long time, and he also realized just how much like 
a slave he had behaved, complying with orders practically without a fight and 
enjoying having Dave rape him.

Meanwhile Dave had gotten up and Mark could hear him moving about in the other 
room. He tried getting free again, but it was futile. After a while Dave 
returned. He crouched down beside Mark and motioned for him to lie on his back 
and spread his legs. Mark, realizing the futility in struggle, complied. Then 
Dave took two metal wires and tied one around each of Mark's balls. This made 
Mark quite nervous and he didn't get any less nervous when Dave connected the 
wire to a black box. Dave looked at Mark and said: "It's time we started your 
obedience training. You must understand that you are to obey any order given to 
you, no matter how painful it is for you. Otherwise something like this will 
happen." He pressed a button on the black box and a strong electrical current 
surged through Mark's balls. He screamed and thrashed as the pain filled his 
whole universe. Just when he thought he couldn't take any more, Dave cut off the 
current and Mark collapsed in a sobbing heap. "Are you going to be a good slave 
boy?" He asked Mark. His vision blurred by tears of pain, Mark nodded vigorously 
as he tried saying "yes" behind his gag. "Good," Dave said, "then its time to 
use you for what you were meant to do." He grabbed hold of Mark's hair and 
dragged him by it into the next room. Here he deposited him in front of a couch 
and positioned him so that he faced the couch in a kneeling position. The wires 
were still wound round his balls and Dave held the control box. Now Dave sat 
down so that Mark was between his legs, his face only an inch or so away from 
Dave's crotch. "In a second I'm going to remove your gag and put my cock into 
your mouth. Two things you should not even think about: biting or screaming. Do 
either one of those things and I promise that you will wish that you were never 
born. Understood?" Mark swallowed hard and nodded. Dave smiled and removed 
Mark's gag. Mark worked his jaw a little but didn't attempt to scream or call 
out. Before putting his cock in Mark's mouth, Dave did one more thing. He took a 
thick, padded, leather blindfold and put it over Mark' eyes, securing it at the 
back of his head. The blindfold cut off his vision completely. As he sat there 
blinded, Dave placed his half-erect member in his mouth and ordered: "Suck. And 
don't take your mouth away from my member until I order you to." With that Mark 
began to suck Dave's cock, hesitantly at first but with greater gusto after Dave 
promised him severe punishment it he didn't improve his performance quickly.

Mark sucked Dave's cock all night as the other man watched TV and ate his 
dinner. As he was ordered, he swallowed everything that came into his mouth. 
This included urine as Dave pissed a couple of time during the evening. When it 
was time for Dave to go to bed, he gagged Mark and left the blindfold in place 
before dragging him into bed. Dave's libido seemed to know no limits as he 
fucked Mark's ass before going to sleep. Mark was shamed to realize how much he 
liked being fucked, even when he was tied up. Or perhaps it was because he was 
tied up that he liked it so much? In any case he once again came screaming and 
thrashing as Dave reached around to give him a handjob. Dave's bed was very wide 
and this time he allowed Mark to stay in it while he slept. The reason for this 
became apparent during the night when Dave fucked the trussed up slave boy again 
and again. 

In the morning Mark was completely exhausted from the cramped up position and 
the endless fuckings. His legs were sleeping, but Dave untied them and walked 
Mark to the bathroom where he helped him relieve himself and removed his 
blindfold before leading him into the shower. The treatment was very gentle, 
very much in contrast to the day before and as the warm water came down on him 
in the shower he began to feel very confused. Dave was with him in the shower, 
naked and looking just as fantastic as the day before. Although Mark was tied 
and gagged his excitement was undeniable as his cock became embarrassingly 
erect. Dave took a bar of soap and began lathering Mark up. The feeling was 
sensuous and gentle in spite of his bonds and Mark moaned with pleasure as Dave 
lathered his genitals in a thick layer of soap. He could feel Dave's huge, rock-
hard erection against his abdomen and he leaned his head back and enjoyed it, 
forgetting for a moment the brutal manner in which he had been enslaved, or 
perhaps enjoying just that. Dave's strong hands roamed all over his body and at 
one of those strong hands grabbed Mark's cock gently and held it while Dave 
guided his own cock over so that the two cocks rubber against each other, their 
tips touching each other only to slide along the entire length of the cock and 
gently touch the abdomen. The sensation drove Mark wild and soon he was pleading 
for Dave to fuck him, his pleas coming out as pathetic gurgles behind his gag. 
Laughing Dave complied and lifted up Mark as easily as if he had weighed nothing 
and guided him down on his huge, hard cock. Mark had come to like the fucking so 
much that he now just closed his eyes and wrapped his legs around Dave's body 
and moaned with lust as he was fucked. Dave's hand held his cock, stroking Mark 
so gently that he thought he might go mad with lust. The fucking went on 
forever. Just as Mark though he would be allowed to cum, Dave pulled his hand 
away and left him hanging. When he finally came, he came so hard he passed out. 
His scum spurted all over the place as he thrashed and screamed and finally he 
lost consciousness. It wasn't for long and he was still in the shower impaled on 
Dave's huge cock. He came to just as Dave shot his load up his ass.
Mark's legs were shaky as Dave let him down and rinsed the remains of the soap 
from his body. Mark was feeling very confused as Dave dried them both off. He 
should be struggling and fighting, but he didn't. First of all because it was 
futile: Dave was much bigger and stronger than even he was. He was tied up in 
bonds that seemed unbreakable. Secondly he was beginning to suspect that he 
actually liked being held as a sex slave. He had after all had more and better 
sex in the last twelve hours than he had had the whole rest of his life. Dave 
might be brutal, but at least he made sure that Mark came all the time. It made 
Mark very confused and Dave saw this in his face. "You are a slave. You were 
born as one, so get used to it," Dave said and continued: "Now I'm going to 
remove your gag so that you can eat. Remember: not a fucking word. You will 
speak only when spoken to and the first and last word out of your mouth will 
always be "Master". Understood?" Mark felt terribly humiliated, but saw no other 
options than to nod. Then Dave removed Mark's gag and led him into the kitchen. 
He did so by grabbing him by the cock and using it as a leash. Although terribly 
humiliating, Mark had to admit that it was also quite enticing and he felt 
himself beginning to get hard again, a fact not lost on Dave who smiled 
contemptuously.

In the kitchen Dave made Mark kneel on the floor in front of a doggy bowl. Mark 
saw what was coming and tried to plead: "Please Dave.." He didn't get any further 
as Dave grabbed a thick leather strap and began to whip Marl furiously, really 
leaning into the blows: "Filthy shit! You are nothing but a disgusting slave 
boy, now learn to behave like one!" While Mark tried to roll himself up into a 
ball Dave used the strap on him furiously, seemingly finding every exposed piece 
of skin on his body. Soon the pain and humiliation was too much and Mark began 
to cry, thereby further humiliating himself. Dave taunted the crying slave boy 
while he continued strapping him: "Oh, does it hurt? Poor baby! Such a sweet 
little sissy-boy." When he finally stopped Mark was covered in broad, red welts 
and he was sobbing, tears rolling down his face. Dave crouched down beside Mark, 
making him cringe as he extended his hand and grabbed Mark's face, turning it 
towards him: "First of all slave: never speak unless spoken to. Understood?" 
Mark nodded and tearfully said: "Yes, I ..AHHHHH!" he screamed as Dave's other 
hand closed around his testicles and squeezed them hard. Dave continued 
unperturbed by Mark's pain: "Secondly, you must remember to address me properly. 
And how is that?" Mark, who would do almost anything to avoid more pain, 
searched his memory and finally came up with an acceptable answer: "Master." 
Dave nodded, even smiling a little: "Good slave. You will think of me and 
address me as Master always. Understood?" Mark instantly replied: "Master, yes, 
Master."
Master stood up and fetched the can of dog food he had been opening. Mark didn't 
object as Master poured the revolting glop into the doggy bowl and commanded him 
to eat. While he ate Master filled another bowl with water and put it down 
beside Mark: "I want to see both bowls licked clean when I come back. And not a 
fucking sound." With that he started preparing his own breakfast, something far 
more appetizing. Mark thought that the dog food smelled and tasted disgusting, 
but the pain from all the welts and the ache in his balls reminded him of just 
how hopeless his position was and he began eating. He thought about crying out 
and calling for help, but in the end he didn't dare. His shouting was sure to be 
short-lived and cause him great pain. Besides, it was far from sure that anyone 
would hear. As silence settled in the kitchen Mark noticed that he couldn't hear 
a single sound from the rest of the building. It was spooky and unnatural. 
Perhaps Master had soundproofed the whole apartment?

Eventually Mark finished his meal and licked the bowl clean. He waited, kneeling 
on the floor, for Master to finish his breakfast. As he sat there another ache 
began to make its presence known. His arms had been strapped in the same 
position since yesterday and were now moving from pain to numbness. Mark knew 
that if his arms weren't soon allowed a little freedom, he risked permanent 
damage to them so he timidly tried pleading with Master: "Master, please, 
Master?" Master looked up with a menacing scowl and said: "What is it slave? You 
know that you will be punished for speaking out of order, so this had better be 
good." Mark swallowed hard before continuing: "Master, my arms are going numb, 
Master. May I please be allowed a little freedom for my arms, Master?" Master 
got up and walked over to the kneeling slave who instinctively cringed away. 
"No, slave. I have no use for your arms, and tied up as you are keeps you nicely 
under control." Mark almost panicked at these words. His arms could be rendered 
useless; permanently damaged and he opened his mouth to object. Just as he did 
this, Master grabbed his throat with one hand and his own cock in the other and 
forced into Mark's mouth, where he released a powerful stream of ho, salty piss, 
leaving the slave no other option than swallowing. The piss made him gag and he 
tried coughing, but finally he caught up with the flow and was able to swallow 
most of the urine. When the stream stopped Master kept his member in Mark's 
mouth, commanding him to blow him. Mark was unable to do anything but obey and 
soon he had sucked and licked Master's dick to an impressive erection. Fully 
erect Master started to fuck Mark's face, repeatedly making him deepthroat him. 
The face-fucking went on for quite a while and when Master finally came, the 
stream of cum was so great that Mark had to fight to keep up. 
After swallowing the last drop he was gagged once again and helped to stand. 
Master led him into the bedroom where he once again strapped Mark's calves to 
his thighs. Master then positioned the slave boy on a particular spot on the 
floor where a ring was bolted to the floor. While Mark watched helplessly, 
Master wound a steel wire several times around balls, stretching them painfully. 
The other end of the wire was secured to the ring in the floor and the wire was 
then tightened until it pulled painfully on Mark's balls and insured that he 
would stay in the same spot on the floor until he was released from the wire.

Master left the slave boy kneeling on the floor while he dressed, enjoying 
Mark's whimpering as he realized that his arms were probably going to be damaged 
and that his cruel Master could do whatever he wanted to his property, without 
him being able to do anything about it.
When Master was fully dressed he came over to the gagged, bound and kneeling 
slave and crouched down before him, looked into his eyes and said: "You are a 
slave and you might as well get used to the idea, 'cause you are never going to 
be free again. Hell, you are much more fortunate than most. You actually enjoy 
it, and no matter what you are telling yourself right now, your body is giving 
you away." With that he grabbed Mark's cock, which to Mark's great shame was 
erect and ready for action. Master smiled a little as he stroked the cock gently 
and saw Mark's face go soft with desire, a moan escaping from his throat. 
"Before I leave you for the day, I have to parting gifts for you, slave." The 
first one was the blindfold from the day before, sealing Mark in complete 
darkness. The other "gift" was a very large dildo, which Master had to angle 
just right to get it into Mark's ass. Once inside Master turned it on and it 
started to vibrate quite a bit. The vibrations made Mark's excitement mount even 
further, his cock now twitching with desire. To make sure that Mark couldn't 
expel the dildo from his ass, Master placed a wooden block between Mark's legs, 
just touching his ass. Since Mark couldn't very well move because his balls were 
secured to the floor, he couldn't push the block away and he was stuck with the 
dildo up his ass. Master left him like that, his footsteps receding until Mark 
could hear the door slam.




Chapter 2
Mark remained kneeling on the floor for the rest of the day and well into the 
evening, although he couldn't tell, since he sat in total darkness. He was 
terribly frustrated. During the day he had had to admit to himself, that being a 
slave turned him on something awful. No matter how much he told himself that he 
hated being a slave and hated having lost all control over his life, there was 
just no getting around the fact that his cock was rock-hard and had remained so 
the whole day, twitching with unfulfilled need. Just when he thought he had 
banished such thoughts, the memory of Master fucking hard up the ass while he 
was trussed up, unable to fight or move, would return and his excitement would 
mount even further. As he thought more about being fucked than about being 
rescued or getting free, he had to admit that he liked being held as slave by 
Master. The fact that he now thought of Dave as "Master" was further evidence of 
him getting used to the slave role. Mark felt extremely confused and 
humiliatingly excited as he sat there docilely waiting for Master to return. He 
hadn't tried testing his bonds again; it was futile and he could only wait as he 
felt his arms go completely numb, hoping that the damage o them wasn't 
permanent.

After a long, long wait he heard the door open. It sounded far away, so probably 
the door to the bedroom was closed. To his great surprise he heard that Master 
wasn't alone. There was another man with him. As the evening progressed he heard 
them talking and eventually he heard the unmistakable sound of furious 
lovemaking. He was so surprised that at first he didn't even think of calling 
out, and when he finally did try to call out, producing only faint gurgling 
sounds behind the gag, the lovemaking had already stared and he could be sure 
that no one heard. When the fucking sounds stopped he heard a surprised yelp and 
realized that someone was getting the same treatment as himself.
He heard the door to the bedroom open, Master's footsteps and the springs in the 
bed creaking a little as something was deposited on it. Then came sounds that 
Mark assumed were those of someone being tied up. When this stopped the 
footsteps came towards him and his blindfold was removed. As he blinked against 
the light Master looked down on him and said: "I see that you have been 
expecting me, slave." Mark blushed as Master gently nudged his throbbing member 
with his bare foot before continuing: "I am afraid that I am otherwise engaged 
tonight, but tomorrow I'll make sure that your are introduced properly to your 
fellow slave boy. For now I suggest that you enjoy the show."
The man on the bed, the one Master had called his fellow slave boy, looked quite 
a bit like Mark. Obviously a bodybuilder like Mark, he was of the same height 
and build. The other bound man, who was eyeing Mark with wonder, had black hair 
and his face was a little more angular than Mark's, but otherwise they looked 
remarkably similar. It was almost like they had been selected for their looks, 
which made Mark wonder for how long Master had planned this?

For now his thoughts soon got occupied with something else as Master proceeded 
to fuck the other slave boy silly. He positioned the slave, who was tied up in 
the exact same manner as Mark, so that he was kneeling on the bed facing Mark. 
Threatening him, just as he had Mark the night before, he then fucked the slave 
long and hard, giving him a handjob in the process. It looked like the other guy 
liked it just as much as Mark had, as he grunted and moaned, his face turning 
red and his eyes closing in ecstasy as he shot his load, the semen landing on 
the floor in front of Mark.
Master's treatment of the new slave was exactly the same as the one he had 
subjected Mark to the night before and all through the night Mark could hear him 
fuck the other slave boy. As for Mark, he spent the night in kneeling position 
with the dildo vibrating away inside him, his cock straining with need. He was 
able to doze off a few times, but his strained position and his needy cock kept 
him awake. When morning came around his ball were aching with unfulfilled 
desire.
The other slave also looked like he hadn't slept much, but that was because he 
had been fucked all night long.

Master released the legs of both slaves and led them into the bathroom, where he 
helped the relieve themselves. Then, one after the other, he showered with them, 
fucking one silly while the other watched mesmerized as the slave impaled on 
Master's cock thrashed and moaned in ecstasy.
Throughout Mark's arms remained bound and he had lost all feeling in them. All 
that was left was a burning ache in his shoulders and he was almost certain that 
they had been damaged. Breakfast was served in doggy bowls on the floor. First 
the other slave had to go through the same discipline session as Mark had the 
day before, reducing him to a sobbing slave boy, bruised and beaten, eating dog 
food from a bowl on the floor. Once this was out of the way, Master removed 
Mark's gag to allow him to eat his doggy breakfast next to the other slave. As 
his gag was removed, Mark decided to risk talking. He thought this might be his 
last chance to save his arms and he addressed Master: "Master, please, Master. 
Master, my arms..." He didn't get any further as Master picked up his leather 
strap and began whipping him: "Useless slave shit! Haven't I told you that I 
have no need for your arms? Its time you started behaving like the slave you 
are. Otherwise I'll have to get really nasty!" Mark was already crying from the 
humiliation and the fierce whipping and he begged and pleaded for Master to 
stop. Finally he did and Mark ate his dog food from the bowl sobbing, just like 
the slave next to him.

When they had finished eating, Master led them into the bedroom using their 
dicks as leashes. Both slaves blushed as they saw themselves get hard from the 
rough treatment. In the bedroom Master tied their legs, calf to thigh and laid 
them down on their side so that each faced the others crotch. Then he said: "You 
two are going to be my slaves together for a long time, so I think you had 
better get acquainted. Sixty-nine." The order was unmistakable and humiliating, 
but neither slave could deny his excitement and soon Mark had his head in the 
other man's crotch, his lips enveloping the other man's member and he could feel 
the other slave doing the same for him. Then they began sucking. It was 
glorious. Fantastic. Easily the best blowjob Mark had ever had, lying there tied 
up and beaten, enslaved and without any kind of control, blowing another man at 
the same time. In no time his hips were pumping and he could feel a massive 
orgasm approaching. He would have pulled his head away and screamed with 
pleasure if he hadn't been so busy swallowing the other man's cum spurting into 
his mouth.
After cuming both slaves just lay there, gently sucking the other man's flaccid 
cock. Master, however, had other ideas. Grabbing the slaves' hair he yanked them 
up to kneeling position and said: "Well, my little bitches, you've had your fun. 
Now blow me." Mark not only wanted to avoid disobeying, he actually wanted to 
show Master what a good slave he was, so he instantly dove for Master's crotch. 
The other slave apparently had the same idea and the ended up giving him a two-
man blowjob, where they effectively locked tongues around Master's cock, kissing 
each other while they blew Master. While they did it their eyes locked and they 
exchanged an understanding. There was no denying their slavery, just as there 
was no denying that they were both turned on by it and it was this understanding 
that passed between the slave boys as they blew their Master's magnificent cock. 
Their kissing of Master's cock and of each other was passionate, and although 
neither recognized it, effectively marked an important mental transition for 
both men, one where they accepted and embraced their status as slaves.

The two sucking slaves might not have recognized it, but Master did. Once again 
he was amazed at how smoothly things went if you just planned everything 
carefully. The two guys had been picked with great care, just as Master Dave had 
with all his other slaves. Both were lonely and repressed men, living lives 
where no one would miss them. Both were gay men with powerful, but almost 
completely repressed sex drives. They were perfect as slaves. Given enough 
orgasms and a little punishment both naturally and unthinkingly fell into the 
slave role. In their ordinary lives no one paid them any attention and they had 
to do everything for themselves. As slaves, where their every move and gesture 
was watched, they felt like the center of attention. With no control over their 
lives all potentially painful decisions had been taken away from them, giving 
them a life that was in some respects carefree. They had been perfect for the 
role even if none of them had had any idea of their own masochistic tendencies. 
Mark was a great example. He obviously loved being just another little, muscular 
fucktoy, even to the point where he was able to forget the fact that his arms 
were sustaining severe damage from being bound so harshly for so long. Shove a 
cock into his mouth and he promptly forgot about his arms.

Master held their heads, pushing them together as he came, making them catch 
every last drop and the slave boys eagerly lapped up his cum as it spurted out 
of his cock. Master patted their heads and said: "Someday you two may actually 
become useful little slave boys. Sit quietly and kiss each other while I dress. 
Not a word, mind you." So while Master dressed for the day, Mark and the other 
slave knelt facing each other and began kissing. Soon both had their eyes closed 
and were using their tongues to explore the other's mouth. Both enjoyed it 
intensely and looked longingly at the other when Master finally pulled them 
apart. Mark couldn't quite comprehend why he liked it so much, but it was 
beginning to matter less and less. He desperately wanted to make love to the 
other slave, just as he desperately wanted Master to fuck him again.

For, however, Master tied up Mark in almost the same way as he had been tied up 
the day before; bound, gagged and kneeling, his balls secured to a ring in the 
floor a dildo vibrating away in his ass. Only this time he wasn't blindfolded 
and facing him no more than a foot away sat the other slave boy, tied up the 
exact same way. As the dildo began vibrating their flaccid cocks hardened and 
they eyed each other lustfully. "Be good now." Master said and left them there.

Mark and the other enslaved bodybuilder sat there all day, lusting after each 
other, their throbbing cocks aching with unfulfilled need. When Master returned 
their balls were in painful need of emptying. He looked down on his slaves: 
"Well, don't you two look just like a pair of bitches in heat?" Mark looked down 
in shame when he realized just how needy he must seem, how utterly and 
shamefully like a horny slave boy. Master chuckled a little and crouched down 
beside them: "It seems like you two are in need of a little attention." The 
slaves looked at him with big eyes, hoping for a good fucking or something like 
it. "Horny little bitches," Master chuckled and took their cocks in his hands 
and began jerking them off. Kneeling, facing each other bound and gagged as they 
had been all day, horny as hell, the two slaves were soon groaning with desire 
behind their gags as their eyes locked. Master existed only as a glorious touch 
as they exploded almost simultaneously. Their orgasms were so powerful that 
their cum spurted almost to the other slaves face, depositing cum on the other 
slave from the chin on down. 

When it was over, they sat panting, completely spent. "Well, well." Master said 
to the two exhausted slaves, "It looks like you two are ready for your 
transformation." It sounded vaguely ominous, but neither slave had the energy to 
object as Master went to fetch a few items. First Master had two pairs of 
women's high-heeled boots, black, ankle-high and with seven-inch stilettos. 
Showing them to the slave Master explained: "I'm not into women, but I do love 
their footwear, especially high-heeled shoes. It does wonders for the body 
posture and they are especially good if you want to control or limit someone's 
walking abilities." As the slaves looked questioningly at him he explained: "Can 
you imagine running in these?" He then released Mark from the wire holding his 
balls and untied his legs and finished by putting one of the pairs of high-
heeled boots on him. They were at least two sizes too small and hurt his feet 
awfully, but he understood Master's point. He wasn't even sure that he would be 
able to stand up wearing these. After that Master did the same thing to the 
other slave boy.
Next came earplugs, sealing off all sound, followed by leather hoods. These 
hoods covered the slaves' entire head, sealing off all sight and further 
dampening sound. They turned the slaves' head into a tight, black, leather ball. 
Mark could neither see nor hear and was very disoriented when he felt Master 
helping him to stand. He stood swaying insecurely in skyscraper heels, deaf and 
blind. The sight of the overly muscular Mark, muscles straining against their 
bonds, black hood on his head, swaying in his ultra feminine footwear was too 
much for Master and he dropped his pants, grabbed Mark's hips and fucked his ass 
furiously. Mark was jerked around as Master pounded his ass with hard strokes 
and since Master was quite a bit taller than him, Mark's feet kicked in the air 
above the floor as the strokes hit him. Mark mewled behind his gag for Master to 
give him a handjob, but this time Master was only interested in getting off and 
as Master shot his load up Mark's ass, Mark's own cock throbbed with lack of 
attention. After setting Mark down Master finished tying him up. He rammed a 
huge butt-plug up Mark's ass and Mark knew better than to try and expel it. 
Master then tied a wire around Mars dick, just behind the head, tying it so hard 
it would not just slip off and thus causing Mark quite bit of pain. The other 
end of the wire was tied to Mark's collar and was then tightened until Marks had 
no choice but to bend forward, crouching as much as he could. The final touch 
was a wire tied around his balls, to be used as a leash. Mark stood waiting in 
the painful and uncertain darkness while Master tied up the other slave in the 
same way. A vicious jerk on the wire around his balls set Mark in motion, 
staggering with mincing steps after Master.

Mark had no idea where they were going, but he could feel them riding the 
elevator right outside Master's door. Master rode with his two slaves down to 
the parking basement where he led them to his rather large SUV. It was in the 
middle of the night, but nonetheless he met Mr. Robertson, his neighbor in the 
basement. Robertson was also a sadistic old coot, who had tortured more than his 
share of slaves in his time and the two men exchanged pleasantries as Robertson 
felt up the two bound slaves. After a few more words the men parted and Master 
led the slaves to his car. Here he first tied their legs together before 
throwing them in the back of his car, where he used nylon straps to secure them 
to the floor.
Mark lay in complete darkness and almost total silence as he was transported 
towards his new life and he wondered what Master had meant by "transformation"?

Mark had no idea how long had passed, since he had actually managed to sleep a 
little before the car stopped. He was released from the nylon straps and once 
more made to stand, swaying in the dark, crouched over because of the pull on 
his dick. When the other slave had been pulled from the car, they were led away 
as Master jerked their leashes. After stumbling to keep up for a few minutes, 
they came to a stop and after a few minutes their hoods were taken off.

They were in what looked like a doctor's office. Master sat in a chair in front 
of a desk, behind which sat a man in doctor's whites. Beside the doctor stood a 
nurse of sorts. She was blonde and dressed in miniscule, white rubber uniform. 
She had truly enormous breasts and lips that were way too large to be natural. 
On her feet were ultra high-heeled platform shoes and she looked less like a 
nurse than a slave. The doctor and Master had been talking and were just now 
finishing their conversation. A second nurse, looking remarkably like the first, 
standing beside Mark had been the one to remove their hoods. Master addressed 
the doctor: "Then we are agreed? I'll pick them up in six weeks?" The doctor 
replied: "Yes, I think that about covers it. I'll see you in six weeks. Until 
then." The two men shook hands and Master left the office and his two bewildered 
slave boys. The doctor looked at them with contempt and said to the nurse 
standing next to Mark: "Nurse, take these slave shits down to the washing room 
and take care of business. Call when they are clean." The nurse curtseyed and 
grabbed their leashes, leading them out of the office. The slaves looked at each 
other in confusion and disappointment. Both had expected Master to be around 
whatever was going to happen and both were getting a little horny and wanted a 
good fucking.

There was, however, no good fucking in sight. The nurse led them into a room 
covered in white tile, bright lights almost blinding them. To Mark's great 
surprise the nurse actually released his arms, removing not only the straps but 
also the mittens. For the first time in days he felt like putting up a fight, 
but it proved futile. His arms hung limply down his sides with no feeling left 
in them at all and the nurse still had him by the balls, literally. The nurse 
was ready for him too and when he realized that his situation was hopeless, he 
gave up before he even began. It was disheartening.
As he stood there sulking, the nurse took his hands and cuffed them together 
with ordinary handcuffs. The cuffs were connected to a chain running all the way 
up the ceiling, and the nurse now used a winch to raise Mark until he hung from 
his wrists, his feet dangling a few inches off the floor. Mark found it very 
alarming that this didn't seem to hurt his wrists at all and he realized that it 
was as he had feared and his arms and hands had been damaged. The nurse 
meanwhile removed his high-heeled boots and his butt-plug, leaving him 
completely naked, except for his gag.
She then did the same thing to the other slave boy. He had some motion left in 
his arms, but not nearly enough to put up a real fight and after yanking his 
leash hard a few times, she had established dominance and he allowed her to 
suspend him like Mark had been.

Then the fun began in earnest. First she administered three very painful and 
humiliating enemas to each of the slaves, making them writhe in pain and 
discomfort. Secondly she taped over their eyes before lathering them up with a 
vicious smelling goo, covering every inch of their bodies, working it into every 
crack and crevice. After a while the goo began to burn and the slaves mewled in 
pain as they twisted in their bonds. The nurse let them hang there for a while 
before rinsing them off with a powerful hose spraying them with ice-cold water. 
As they hung there drying the nurse called for the doctor, who arrived shortly. 
The nurse winched them down and removed the tape over their eyes and the cuffs 
on their hands. It was only now, looking in a mirror hanging on the opposite 
wall, that Mark noticed that both he and the other slave were now completely 
hairless: bald with no eyebrows and hairless scrotums. The goo had removed all 
the hair on his body and although he didn't know, it would never grow back. He 
wanted to bring up his hands strike the people who had done this, or at least 
touch himself but his arms hung useless. The other slave went through the same 
thing, but both were cut short by the doctor who said: "Enough of that self-
ogling. We are on a schedule here. Let's get moving." He walked out of the room 
and the nurse followed him holding their leashes, still tied around their 
testicles. Gagged and without even their own arms to help them, the only thing 
they could hope to accomplish, was to get their balls ripped off in a struggle. 
They couldn't even cry out properly and both slaves, now both hairless and 
defenseless, docilely followed the doctor.

He led them into a room, which was obviously a surgery. Now very alarmed, the 
two slaves tried to escape, but the doctor was prepared for that. Right inside 
the door stood two nurses waiting with syringes filled with tranquilizer. They 
quickly injected the content of the syringes into the buttocks of the two slaves 
and as they became woozy, they were guided onto an operating table each. The 
last thing Mark heard before everything went dark was: "Okay, you lazy cunts! 
Let's get the show on the road."




Chapter 3
When Mark came to he felt weak and disoriented. His mouth felt like it was full 
of cotton and he had trouble focusing. After a good long while his senses 
finally returned and he began to find out what had been done to him. The first 
thing he noticed by running his tongue around his mouth was that he was smooth-
gummed. His teeth had been removed! He called out in surprise, but the sound 
that came out was strange and not quite human. Cautiously he tried again with 
the same result. He tried speaking but no recognizable words came out, just the 
same strange sound. It sounded almost like horse whinnying. It took a long time 
for Mark to grasp these changes, so it was a while before he noticed the biggest 
change he had gone through, but as he tried lifting a hand to his mouth he 
finally found out. He had no arms! His arms had been removed! This made him 
scream; only the sound coming out was strangely horse-like. He tried getting up, 
but found that his genitals and legs had been secured to the bed preventing him 
from going anywhere. As he looked at his armless shoulders he saw that there 
were no bandages. This meant that he must have been unconscious for a long, long 
time. Weeks or months perhaps. He tried screaming again, with the same result, 
only this time two nurses came. When they saw that he was awake and physically 
okay, they produced a huge, black ball-gag and used it to silence him. There 
were two of them, whereas he was armless and alone and tied to the bed, so he 
was no match for them. The hardest part proved to be grabbing hold of his bald 
head to gag him, but soon he was silenced.
The nurses then took up position at the bed next to him, where his fellow slave 
was just waking up and discovering that the same things had been done to him. He 
went through the same process of discovery and was soon gagged like Mark. Then 
the nurses left the room and the slaves were alone. Looking at each other's 
hairless and armless bodies, they both began to cry. How could Master have this 
done to them? Why? What was the meaning?

The answer was on its way as the door opened and Master came in accompanied by 
the doctor. They flung aside their sheets, exposing their naked and hairless 
bodies. As Mark looked down himself he noticed that all of his toenails had been 
removed. Master and the doctor went over the modifications made to the slaves, 
Master nodding in an approving manner. Finally Master shook hands with the 
doctor, who then left the room. Master then turned to his slaves and said: "I'll 
bet you've missed me." Mark wanted to be desperately angry and lash out at 
Master, but he couldn't. First of all what would be the point? He was completely 
defenseless and at the mercy (or lack of same) of this cruel man, and secondly 
he had actually missed Master and his magical touch. Staying angry with someone 
who dominated your sexual universe (and the rest of it for that matter) was very 
hard and Mark found himself trying to strike an attractive pose for Master, to 
smile enticingly at him. The other slave was doing the same. Master threw his 
head back and laughed heartily: "Ahh, my little bitches in heat. Now I recognize 
you." He undid their restraints, including their gags, and helped them stand 
uneasily on the floor. He then took out his cock and simply said: "Suck." 
Neither Mark nor the other slave hesitated and soon their lips were locked 
around Master's magnificent cock. It felt good to once again suck Master's cock 
and when he had swallowed Master's jism, Mark felt strangely satisfied. It 
occurred to him that he was settling very quickly into his role as a slave, that 
he should hate Master for what he had done to him, but what would be that point? 
Not only was he completely at his mercy, hairless, armless, defenseless, but 
also Mark had by now admitted to himself that he rather enjoyed being a slave. 
His chain of thought was interrupted as Master began getting them ready for 
transportation. First came the same high-heeled boots they had worn at their 
arrival to the clinic. Then they were regagged, their ears plugged and they were 
hooded, a collar around their necks finishing off that part of their bonds. Then 
their dicks were tied to their collars, once again forcing them to stand 
crouched over and finally a wire was tied around their balls, acting as a leash. 
And without further ado they were led away by Master, their legs weak and wobbly 
from the long weeks of inactivity and the unfamiliar footwear. After a short 
walk Mark and his fellow slave were thrown into the back of a car and strapped 
to the floor. Mark felt the car begin to move and he was driven off to whatever 
Master had in mind for him.

The trip took a long, long time, but Mark, having slept for weeks, was awake the 
whole time wondering what was going to happen to him now. He was both excited 
and afraid, but mostly he wondered if Master would fuck him anytime soon. Mark 
was terribly horny, in need like he had never been before. Thoughts of Master 
fuelled his libido and he had been without orgasm for weeks. Blowing Master had 
not decreased his lust, more like the opposite.
Finally the drive ended and Mark was lifted out of the car and made to stand. 
His hood was removed but his collar and his high-heeled shoes stayed on, as did 
the wire between his cock and his collar. Standing crouched over beside his 
fellow slave he looked at the surroundings. It looked like he was on a farm. He 
was standing between large, wooden buildings that looked like stables and the 
surface he was standing on was packed dirt. The courtyard was empty as Master 
led them away from the car, but a few minutes later a horse drawn cart came into 
the yard. Only it wasn't drawn by horses. It was drawn by men, or more 
appropriately two pony boys. On their feet were boots making them seem like 
hooves. Otherwise they were almost naked; their arms held folded in the small of 
their backs by a leather harness crisscrossing their upper body, with a strap 
going through their crotches, holding a leather pouch with their genitals. Bits 
in their mouths were connected to reins held by the driver of the cart. A head 
harness held blinkers in place and both pony boys were bald except for a Mohawk 
haircut, giving the impression that they had manes instead of hair. They ran in 
perfect lockstep, a few red welts on their buttocks were the whip of the diver 
had touched them.
Both Mark and the other slave stopped and looked on mesmerized. It dawned on 
Mark that this was the reason for his brutal transformation; that Master wanted 
to use him as a pony boy. But why couldn't he just leave him use of his arms, 
opting to tie the up instead of cutting them off? Master saw the slaves looking 
at the two pony boys and said: "Yes, that is what I intend to use you two for. 
But why have I had your arms cut off and your voices fixed?" He let the question 
hang in the air for a little while before continuing: "Those two over there have 
it easy, their master is soft, a man who likes to have ponies in front of his 
cart, but the same guys in his bed as regular slaves. Well I don't do easy. I 
don't do soft. You two are going to be treated as the beasts you really are. 
Whether you like or not, is of no consequence. My ponies are the most perfect, 
even if it hurts all the time. After all, I'm not the one in pain." Mark began 
to get very scared. If Master was this uncompromising about his appearance, it 
was a good bet that the transformation process was far from over and that it 
would be brutal and painful. Meanwhile Master continued: "In a few minutes I'll 
lead you into the stables where your new, permanent footwear will be fitted, as 
will the rest of the gear that you will wear for the rest of your lives. This 
means that right now your lives as even human slaves end. From now on you are 
ponies, never to be addressed like humans again." Mark and his fellow slave felt 
fear grip them. This could only mean great pain and perhaps even greater 
humiliation. Master pointed to Mark's fellow slave and said: "You'll be known as 
Jo-Jo and you," he said, indicating Mark, "will be Tan-Tan." Both felt the sting 
of humiliation at being given names that sounded like nicknames given to teddy 
bears and such. But Master didn't care. He turned on his heel and with a vicious 
yank he made the two new ponies follow. They stumbled along behind him, crouched 
over because of the taut wire connecting their cocks with their collars, their 
cheeks burning with shame and humiliation. 

This was only to get worse as they entered the stables. Right inside the large 
doors was an open area and along the left side of this were a number of 
contraptions, which Mark (or Tan-Tan as he was to be known now) didn't 
recognize. By these contraptions stood two men, obviously waiting for them. Both 
were tall and muscular; one was as black as midnight, a bull of a man dwarfed 
only by Master's impressive bulk. The other was also quite large, a freckled 
redhead with a mischievous grin. They both greeted Master warmly and after the 
initial greeting they proceeded to inspect Jo-Jo and Tan-Tan thoroughly together 
with Master, treating the slaves like the animals they were.
The black man, his name was Thomas as Tan-Tan soon found out, took Tan-Tan by 
the neck removed his gag and used his other hand to force open his mouth. Tan-
Tan tried to resist and turn his head away, but a quick slap to the ass settled 
that as Thomas said: "Whoa, boy. Settle down. Easy now." He used the tone of a 
man speaking to a pet or, more appropriately, a pony. Tan-Tan as he was now 
called had never been so humiliated in his life. Thomas continued the 
examination, his fingers probing every crevice of Tan-Tan's body, occasionally 
making approving little sound in his throat or commenting on something to 
Master. When he was done he stroked Tan-Tan's face as he turned to Master. "He 
looks like a fine piece of horse-flesh, no obvious defects." He said and 
continued: "He just needs to be outfitted so we can see what he's good for, if 
anything." Master smiled at this and added: "Teaching him the order of things 
will be a pure pleasure, don't you think?" Thomas grinned at this and grabbed 
Tan-Tan's leash and led him towards one of the contraptions along the wall. 
Meanwhile the other stable-hand, his name was Danny, had finished checking out 
Jo-Jo and had reached a similar conclusion and now he was leading Jo-Jo to the 
wall as well. Tan-Tan wanted to resist, but how could he? He had lost all 
control over his life long ago, he was desperately horny for Master (or any of 
the other two for that matter) and besides, Thomas was far bigger and stronger 
than himself, he had both his arms and he held the leash, which held Tan-Tan's 
balls. There was no escape so Tan-Tan followed, if a little reluctantly causing 
Thomas to yank the leash.

The first item Tan-Tan got acquainted with was a telescopic pole rising out of 
what had become a cement floor in this part of the stables. At the end of the 
pole was a massive dildo and just below this dildo was a smaller metal bar 
perpendicular to the pole. Tan-Tan guessed where the dildo was going and he 
guessed correctly. Soon the dildo was all the way up his ass, Tan-Tan groaning 
as best he could with his new voice. When it was all the way in, Tan-Tan was 
sitting on the metal bar gasping for breath. He felt like he might split in half 
at any minute. Sitting down, the wire connecting his cock to his collar was 
removed and he was pushed back until his back met another, thicker metal pole, 
to which his upper body was strapped. His legs were spread wide and strapped to 
two smaller metal poles rising out of the cement floor, his feet resting on 
little removable daises, his genitals readily accessible. Sitting like that all 
his weight rested on the dildo in his ass and Tan-Tan sat completely still, 
trying very hard not to move while making little gasping sounds. Embarrassingly 
his cock was hard and throbbing with need. Thomas chuckled and called Master: 
"Look. It likes its new life already." As Master laughed derisively, Tan-Tan 
wanted to turn his head away in shame, but as he started to do so he received a 
warning look from Thomas causing him to stop his motion.

Then Thomas started Tan-Tan's final transformation before his training began in 
earnest. Starting with his right foot he took a strange looking piece of 
footwear and fitted it to the pony's foot. The footwear began with an actual 
horseshoe at the bottom. On top of this was a piece of black plastic, Three 
inches thick and shaped like horseshoe with the middle filled in. From the back 
of this rose a slightly curved, flat piece of metal. In front of this piece of 
metal there was just room enough for Tan-Tan's toes, but not the rest of the 
foot. The rest of the foot was kept upright along the metal part. Slowly Tan-Tan 
realized that this meant that he would be forced to walk on his toes for rest of 
his life and he began to struggle and scream. It was, of course useless, as all 
he could produce was a pitiful whinnying and his legs were strapped wide apart 
to the two poles. This meant that Thomas could take his time as he positioned 
Tan-Tan's toes just right before securing them to the piece of plastic on which 
Tan-Tan's toes rested. He did this by taking a wide, U-shaped piece of metal 
with sharp ends. It was fitted over Tan-Tan's toes before Thomas used a hammer 
to pound it into the plastic, fusing Tan-Tan's toes to the plastic and breaking 
most of them in the process. Tan-Tan screamed and thrashed as much as his bonds 
allowed him, but the sound was faint because of the gag. Then Thomas took a 
similar piece of metal and did the same thing again, only a little higher up on 
the toes. Tan-Tan was delirious with pain, but that didn't stop Thomas from 
proceeding to securing the rest of Tan-Tan's foot to the piece of metal rising 
out of the plastic on which Tan-Tan's toes rested. The final part of his 
footwear was a shiny, black rubber and plastic cover, which sealed Tan-Tan's 
foot inside and made his foot look very horse-like. His foot was now permanently 
arched and he was forced to support all of his weight on his toes, the rest of 
his foot never again to bear any weight at all. Once every week the cover would 
be replaced with a fresh one and his feet were washed, but the plastic bit, 
which the horseshoe was nailed to was only replaced once a year. As Tan-Tan sat 
crying and screaming behind his gag, the process was repeated his other foot.
Working his way up Tan-Tan's body, Thomas came to his genitals. Using an ice 
pack he made them shrink to their smallest possible size. Then he stuffed them 
inside a small, spherical pouch made of fine, metal mesh. It had a drawstring 
around the opening and he used this to secure it to the base of Tan-Tan's cock. 
Now his cock and his balls were sealed inside an impossibly small sphere. It 
insured that his genitals were out of the way and not dangling uncomfortably 
when running, but it caused great pain when Tan-Tan's poor cock tried to get 
hard. Tan-Tan disliked it instantly.
Next his neck was encircled by a posture collar, or perhaps more appropriately 
and neck corset. It insured that Tan-Tan could not turn his head at all and 
almost also cut off all movement up and down. It was only replaced once a week 
and it meant that pretty soon Tan-Tan was unable to move his head, as it was 
stuck in that position. Some straps held a bit in his mouth and a couple of 
blinkers to his face, preventing him from seeing anything beside what was right 
in front of him.
Then he was stood up and the final part of his outfit, a truly enormous butt 
plug with a long, black tail attached to it, was shoved up his ass. Tan-Tan 
whinnied with pain as it was shoved in; pain coming both from his ass and his 
broken toes, which he was forced to stand on.

Tan-Tan stood before Master blinking away tears, trying to adapt to the pain 
from his broken toes and extremely cramped position of his feet, when Jo-Jo 
joined him. His outfit was the same and he was crying and whining just as Tan-
Tan was. The bits kept their mouths slightly open and caused them to drool a 
little making them a sorry spectacle. Master attached reins to their bits and 
began leading them. In spite of the pain from their feet they were forced to 
follow, stumbling behind him as they tried to adapt to their brutal new 
footwear. However, they hadn't gone more than a few steps before being punished 
for the first time, a hailstorm of blows from Master's whip landing on the two 
uncomprehending ponies. He spoke to them in the harshest, but simplest tones as 
one would speak to a particularly stupid horse or dog. But in between blows and 
their own pained whinnying they finally understood what he wanted from them. It 
seemed that Master accepted only two positions from his ponies: either standing 
completely still, feet together or high-stepping, first moving the thigh up 
until it was parallel to the ground, then extending the lower legs and foot and 
then gracefully and artfully setting the foot down. It was to be done this way 
whether walking, trotting or running. Master was not interested in his ponies 
being the fastest. Rather he demanded artful perfection in every movement. This 
included holding the back ramrod straight at all times and moving the buttocks 
enticingly at all times. It also required the two ponies to move in perfect 
synchronicity, something they would work endless days, weeks and months to 
achieve.
For now Master settled for having them high-step to the part of the stable where 
their initial training would take place. It was a large open area with two big 
poles standing thirty feet apart. Each pole had a boom extending perpendicularly 
at a height of about eight feet. The boom could rotate about the poles and had 
chains hanging down from their ends. Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo were positioned under a 
boom each and the chains were secured to their bits. The poles and the booms 
were simple devices to train their walking. The chains to their bits were pulled 
taut and they were commanded to begin walking. Since they could not stray 
because of the chains, they were forced to walk in circles. Master stood so that 
his whip could reach them both, endlessly correcting them with it.
In spite of the pain from their mangled toes they had no choice but to walk as 
ordered, carefully high-stepping with each and every step, moving not only their 
legs and feet with the utmost care, but moving their entire body in accordance 
with Master's commands. It was more demanding than Tan-Tan had ever imagined and 
after half-an-hour he began to tire, his steps beginning to loose their 
precision. The same thing happened for Jo-Jo. It was the moment Master had been 
waiting for. Already none too pleased with their beginner's clumsiness, he used 
the opportunity to whip them furiously, making sure that they understood that he 
demanded perfection at all times, no matter how tired they were, no matter if 
they were hurt or even if the actions would cost them their lives. Tan-Tan and 
Jo-Jo were ponies and their only task in life was to please their Master, no 
matter what the consequences were for themselves.
When Master was finished both ponies were covered in angry, red welts, crying 
and whinnying in pain, but ready to do as Master said no matter what. As the 
training began the exhausted Tan-Tan finally understood just what he had become, 
just how low he had sunk. He was now nothing more than an object, a plaything 
for Master. He was nothing.

Master let the two ponies exercise for several hours more before calling them to 
a halt; both of them within arms reach of him. Both were covered in sweat, 
panting and completely exhausted, ready to drop. Master stroked their cheeks and 
cooed in tones one would use only with a retarded baby: "Good. Good ponies." 
Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo felt absurdly pleased at this, adding further to their 
humiliation.
Master then rewarded them for their performance. Other trainers preferred giving 
their ponies sugar cubes, just like one would give sugar to a real pony, but 
Master did things differently. He maintained that since the reason for keeping 
them as ponies was a sexual one, sex should be an integral part of their 
training and conditioning. Sex was also an extremely powerful tool as a reward. 
A sugary taste in the mouth barely signaled approval, whereas shooting your load 
at the hands of your Master told the pony-slave that he was doing something his 
Master liked. So he liberated Tan-Tan's and Jo-Jo's cocks, smiling as they 
instantly sprang to life, rock hard in spite of the ponies being exhausted. 
Master congratulated himself on selecting these two. They were exceptionally 
submissive and responsive to training and the slightest touch made them hard.
For Tan-Tan's part it was extremely humiliating to see his member becoming 
instantly hard, proving that in spite of what he had tried telling himself, he 
liked being treated as an object, just a lowly animal. The extent to which 
Master had broken him was astounding. All these thoughts, however, were 
banished, blown from his mind as Master began stroking his cock. In a matter of 
minutes both Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo were about to cum. And cum they did. Standing 
there, completely dehumanized, reduced to beasts, in pain, both ponies exploded 
in what was perhaps the best orgasm they had had in their lives so far. As they 
screamed and thrashed, shooting their jism on the dirt floor of the stables they 
began shedding their human attributes and assuming the role of ponies. Master 
was most pleased with this and he spoke approvingly to them, whispering sweet 
words to them as he released them from the chains and led them to their own 
place in the stables.

He had to use the whip when they started walking to make them remember high-
stepping, but otherwise they performed satisfactorily as he led them to their 
spot. As they high-stepped behind Master they saw that they were not his only 
pair of ponies. If there were no more hidden elsewhere, there were three other 
pony pairs in the stables, all armless and with the same brutal footwear. The 
others looked curiously at the new arrivals, who in turn stared back. 

Their enclosure was about three feet deep, by three feet wide with a hay covered 
floor. At either side of the center of the floor a dildo pole rose out of the 
floor. The pole, of course, went up their asses, which meant that they would 
sleep standing up. For the rest of their lives the only occasion on which they 
would lie down, was if they stumbled and fell, in which case they could be sure 
of severe punishment.
There were two basic ways in which they could spend the night. If they had 
performed poorly they would be stand with their own pole rammed up their ass, 
back-to-back or side-by-side. Depending on the severity of their transgression 
various implements of torture could them be used on their bodies.
If they had performed well, and all things considered Master thought they had on 
their first day as ponies, they were left standing face to face. Their legs were 
tied to the pole and the dildo was set to vibrate, further exciting the already 
sexually charged ponies. Their blinkers and bits were removed and instead a 
double-headed dildo gag was put on their mouths. It filled their mouths 
completely while just allowing their lips to touch. It was held in place by a 
strap going behind the backs of their heads. It also positioned them so that 
they looked straight into each other's eyes. The situation was intensely 
emotional as each had the chance to look his fellow pony, the pony he would in 
all likelihood spend the rest of his life with, straight in the eye and try to 
communicate. It was also an intensely sensual and sexual position, and it only 
became more sexual when Master took hold of their cocks. As the ponies moaned in 
passion, he stroked them until they were hard. Then he pressed the two cocks 
together, so that they touched along the entire length of the cock. And because 
their cocks were almost exactly the same length, the tip of each cock just 
touched the other pony's abdomen. Then Master took a wide piece of rubber and 
wrapped it around the two cocks, enclosing them in warm, soft darkness. He 
secured the rubber blanket with three straps along the length of the wrapped up 
cocks. Then he left the ponies for the night.
Standing like that; lips together, cocks rubbing against each other, dildos 
vibrating in their asses, completely helpless and enslaved by the cruel man who 
now owned them completely, was about as intimate and sensual as possible and 
soon they were moving their hips to provide a little friction so they could get 
off. As they came, they looked in each other's eyes, sharing their orgasms, 
sharing their complete submission. Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo only had eyes for each 
other. Tan-Tan felt wonderfully relaxed after shooting his load and feeling the 
other man's warm cum against his abdomen. This relaxed state lasted for a little 
while, but pretty soon both were hard again and a renewed round of thrusting 
began, a cycle that was repeated until well into the night when both ponies were 
exhausted and their supply of cum completely spent.




Chapter 4
Master stood watching the two horny little ponies go at it for while. Then, just 
as he was about to leave, one of his other slaves came running with a message 
from one of the other masters. Or perhaps "running" was the wrong word. "Mincing 
quickly" was more appropriate for what the lithe young man did. Robert, as the 
slave's name was, was a young man of twenty-three who had been Master's slave 
for about two years now. He was not very tall, about five foot two inches, and 
very slight of build. His skin was a very pleasant brown color, like that of 
coffee with cream and like the ponies he was completely hairless, with the 
difference that he had been allowed to keep his eyebrows. Like the ponies, he 
had no teeth, but since he was a house slave and did menial work around the 
house when he wasn't performing sexually, he had been allowed to keep his arms 
and hands, which he moved in an exaggerated, feminine manner, just as he moved 
his ass like a seasoned whore. Around his neck was a broad collar made from 
shiny steel and from one of the rings in the collar dangled a tag reading: 
"Property of Master Dave. If found walking around free, please punish, fuck and 
return to owner." His genitals were sealed inside a pouch like the ones the 
ponies had been wearing and from his ass the handle of a truly monstrous butt 
plug stuck out at least eight inches. This prevented him from sitting down while 
wearing the plug. From the handle of the butt plug hung a tag with the 
inscription: "Yank out using maximum force. Deposit in mouth of slave if 
possible and fuck slave as brutally as possible before replacing the plug." On 
his feet were black, high-heeled women's boots with heels at least eight inches 
high. The boots themselves were ankle high and at least three sizes too small. 
Slave Robert wore no restraints of any kind as he minced towards Master, 
dropping to his knees to deliver the message.

Robert had once been a promising law student at a prestigious university. His 
studies took up all his time and he had no real friends. His only living 
relative was an uncle living in a far away state. Robert suspected that he might 
be bisexual, but so far he had only had sex with women. It had been a while 
since he had had a girlfriend, however, and he had been all alone when Master 
had first spotted him. As always Master had carefully checked him out and only 
when he had deemed Robert safe to nab, had he moved in on him.

Master had seen no real reason to use finesse in grabbing Robert. He had simply 
ambushed him as he walked down an alley behind his apartment, pressing a 
chloroform soaked rag over his mouth and throwing him into the trunk of his car. 
Here he had stripped him, bound and gagged him and finally he had secured him to 
the floor of the trunk of the car and blindfolded him. With the terrified boy, 
who was just coming around, in the trunk he had driven to his house. Over the 
next few days he had arranged for "Robert" (an actor hired for the job) to move 
out of his apartment and quit his studies. He was so good at this that everybody 
just thought that Robert had had enough and had quit. Nobody suspected foul 
play.

Master's house was huge, with a well-equipped dungeon and near the stables. It 
sat on a huge compound; an area where a group of masters had joined forces to 
build a place where they would be left alone to perform their perversities in 
peace. The compound, acres and acres in size, had woods and grassland and little 
lakes and was surrounded by a tall wall, the top covered with barbed wire and 
rigged with all the latest in surveillance equipment. Guards patrolled the 
perimeter. Guards who lived in the compound and had their own slaves. The place 
was secluded, far from any town in a part of the country not even hikers thought 
was interesting. For added protection several of the patrons and valued guests 
were high-ranking policemen and military men as well as influential politicians. 
Not only was the place secret and well guarded to the point where escape was 
virtually impossible, it was also well protected.

Master was one of the founders. Not only had he inherited a fortune from his 
parents, he had also inherited their business. And their profession had been 
slavers. Both had caught, trained and sold hundreds of sex-slaves and they had 
trained their son in that line of work, watching proudly as he surpassed them in 
skill. They were a little disappointed when he turned out to be gay, but this 
disappointment passed away when they understood that they would eventually 
become grandparents in spite of this. All Master Dave had to do was to find a 
suitable female slave and make her pregnant and take the child before selling 
her. Master Dave had yet to do so, but his parents, still living comfortably 
atop their well-stocked and well-equipped dungeon in another part of the 
country, expected him to do it eventually. In the meantime Master lived in the 
compound with his slaves and his ponies.

Robert was unloaded from the trunk of Master's car and carried into the dungeon. 
Here he was thrown into a cage and left for the night. Beside him he could hear 
the sounds of another bound man stirring, trying to get free. But there was no 
getting free and eventually both he and the other guy fell asleep.

Robert woke up when he was dragged from the cage and onto the floor. Here his 
hood was removed and he could see his surroundings. He was lying naked on the 
floor, straps tying his ankles, knees, wrists and elbows together, his arms 
behind his back and he had large ball-gag in his mouth. Next to him lay a young 
Hispanic man tied up in the same way. Crouching before them was huge, muscle 
bulging man with blonde hair and blue eyes, smiling evilly down at them. They 
were in what could only be described a dungeon with chains and straps and other 
implements for tying up or punishing people hanging everywhere.
Robert and the other guy (his name was Carlos) tried calling out and protesting 
behind their gags, but they were cut short as Master slapped both of them 
viciously. "Shut up you filthy little slave boys," he said as Robert's whole 
body stiffened. Had he just been called a slave? Indeed he had and Master 
explained to them that there was no escape for them - ever. That they would live 
out their lives as little homo slave boys, their only purpose to please their 
Master. Both tried to object but it was no use. Master lifted them both up at 
the same time (Carlos wasn't very big either), one under each arm and carried 
them to a shower area of the dungeon.
Hanging them by their wrists from the ceiling and spreading their legs with 
ropes tied wide, he gave them a series of painful and humiliating enemas. Then 
he taped over their eyes and eyebrows and applied the disgusting goo, which 
insured that both would be hairless for the rest of their lives. After rinsing 
it off, he dried them and removed the tape over their eyes. Then he went behind 
Robert and began caressing him gently, kissing his neck and back, reaching 
around to gently stroke his cock. Robert was extremely surprised and very 
confused. The rough treatment had seemingly been replaced by a comparatively 
gentle and loving one and Robert (who had never had a homosexual experience in 
his life, even if he had occasionally fantasized about another man) suddenly 
found himself responding. He should hate it and he tried fighting it, but soon 
his cock was erect and his head thrown back as he moaned. He offered only token 
resistance as Master greased up his ass and entered slowly, causing Robert both 
great pain and great pleasure. He couldn't believe his own response. Surely he 
didn't like being a homosexual slave boy? But apparently he did. As Master began 
thrusting in earnest Robert followed the rhythm, his moaning increasing as he 
edged closer and closer to his orgasm. He and Master came at the same time, 
Master shooting his hot cum up Robert's ass while Robert's shot out on the floor 
as he thrashed and screamed his orgasm out. Master knew that he had Robert right 
then and that training him to be a devoted slave would be easy. Robert knew it 
too and as Master pulled out of his ass, Master's cum mixed with blood running 
down the inside of his leg, he cried as he realized his defeat. The best orgasm 
of his life so far had been in total and complete defeat, marking the end of his 
freedom and the beginning of his slavery.
Beside him Carlos was not unaffected. He had also tried telling himself that he 
wasn't a gay slave boy, but nonetheless his cock was more than half-mast and he 
was breathing hard. Master had a predatory smile on his face as he closed in on 
Carlos who saw his own defeat approaching. Not long after he hung crying in 
defeat, Master's cum leaking out of his ass and his own cum lying in a puddle on 
the dungeon floor.

Having dealt a serious blow to their spirits was not enough for Master, so he 
went right ahead with preparing them for their new lives. First he took them 
down and retied them. Then he carried them, one under each arm again, to another 
part of the dungeon. There was a lot less struggling this time as the slave boys 
hung limp with defeat and sexual satisfaction. Here he strapped Robert into a 
dentist's chair, not caring that Robert's arms were stuck painfully beneath him. 
Not stopping for anything, he removed Robert's gag, strapped his head down and 
used a pair of pliers to remove all his teeth. Robert screamed and cried and 
twice he passed out from the shock and he pain, but he could do nothing as 
Master made him completely smooth-gummed in a matter of minutes. Then Master 
took the same pair of pliers and to Robert's horror he moved to his feet. Here 
he used them to pull out all of Robert's toenails. The pain was excruciating and 
Robert vomited and passed out several times from the pain, but again there was 
no stopping Master. When all his toenails were gone, Master bandaged his feet 
and dumped the crying slave on the floor. After Robert, Carlos got the same 
treatment and soon the two slaves lay crying on the floor.

The next four days Master only had them perform comparatively mild obedience- 
and sex training while their feet healed, but on the fifth day he thought that 
they had had enough time to loaf around. The slave boys were still tied up; 
their hands behind their backs when he introduced what would be their outfit for 
a long, long time. First he put their genitals in a pouch like the ones the 
ponies wore, only these were locked with a real lock, since the slaves still had 
hands. Then he welded the shiny steel collars around their necks, further 
signaling the finality of their situation. He rammed their new butt plugs up 
their ass; huge ones with a handle sticking eight inches out so that they 
couldn't sit down while having them inside. Finally he gave them their new 
footwear. While Master was not very fond of women, he did like their high-heeled 
shoes. The wearer was not only more helpless, being forced to take smaller and 
more cautious steps, and more inhibited: it impossible to run properly in high-
heels, but also very high-heels forced the wearer to assume a very attractive 
body posture, arching the feet and legs, forcing the ass and chest out. So 
Master had his house slaves wear very high heels. In Robert's and Carlos' case 
it was ankle high, black plastic boots with a two-inch platform and nine-inch, 
ultra thin stilettos with very pointed tips. The first pair of boots squeezing 
their mangled feet were only one size too small, but over time Master reduced 
their shoe size, and eventually the feet of both slaves were crushed down to 
four sizes less than their original one, now permanently mincing around in tiny, 
ultra high-heeled boots. The boots only came off once a week and then only to 
wash their feet and change boots, so that their feet wouldn't rot off. 

The first few days they were pure murder on their feet, but Master insured that 
they were subjected to far worse pain when they misbehaved and soon both were 
strutting around in they high-heels, swaying their asses in an exaggerated sexy 
and quasi-feminine manner. Master demanded that all their movements be 
exaggeratedly feminine, almost a classic homosexual caricature. It was intensely 
humiliating for the slaves, but the alternative was worse.

Master taught the slaves how to walk, how to talk, how to move. He taught them 
everything, reshaping them completely into the slave boys he wanted them to be. 
Any resistance was punished instantly and brutally and Robert and Carlos spent a 
great deal of time screaming and begging. Master required perfection in every 
little detail and it took a lot of training and punishment to achieve it. On the 
other hand Master believed that since they were sex slaves, sex should be a 
great part of their training and that it would be much easier if the slaves 
enjoyed most of. He used sex as a reward also and pretty soon Robert and Carlos 
both craved Master's attention. After only two weeks Robert found himself waking 
up every morning hoping that Master would fuck him at least once during the day 
and the he would get the chance to prove to Master how good he had become at 
performing blowjobs.

Robert was a very intelligent young man and he clearly saw what kind of 
conditioning Master was subjecting him to, but he was unable to prevent it from 
happening. More and more he came to love and adore Master, wanting to please him 
no matter what. He also became completely addicted to having sex with other men. 
He preferred having sex with Master, but Carlos or any of the other men around 
would do. In the end he succumbed completely and one morning, when Carlos was in 
the stables being fucked by Thomas and Danny, he threw himself at Master's feet 
and cried: "Master, please, Master. Master, I am yours, body and soul, please 
take me Master. I love you Master. I will do anything for you Master." He cried, 
tears dripping on the floor, as he gave up his last bit of free will and gave 
himself to Master. Master looked intently at him and said: "Do you indeed?" The 
look made Robert tremble with fear and anticipation as Master made a phone call 
instructing Thomas that they should keep fucking Carlos for the rest of the day. 
Then his attention turned to Robert again: "Your life is not your own to give. 
It has been mine since I grabbed you, and you will be punished for this 
transgression." Robert shivered with fear and lust. He was beginning to love 
punishment as long as it was Master who delivered it. Master continued: 
"Nonetheless, I accept your offer." With that Master led Robert into the 
dungeon. Here he alternated punishing and fucking Robert, sending him into a 
frenzy of painfully orgasmic delight. After that session he truly belonged to 
Master and he lay completely spent of the floor, licking the floor clean as per 
Master's instructions. He embraced his life as a slave and hoped that he would 
be with Master always. Master had one final reward for Robert. First he gagged 
and hooded him, sealing off his ears as well. Then he used wide rubber strips to 
cocoon him with, leaving only his hooded head, his high-heeled boots and his 
cock outside. Then he strapped Robert to a table, leaving him almost no freedom 
of movement.
Although Robert's cock was red and raw from all the sex he had just had, Master 
quickly got him hard again. Then he slipped Robert's cock into a long metal 
tube, which also had room at the base for Robert's balls. He tied it in place 
with a string around Robert's scrotum and set the thing in motion. Inside the 
tube was a pulsating sleeve, stimulating Robert's cock, sending him into a 
seemingly endless series of orgasms. For the rest of the day and all through the 
night Robert lay strapped to the table, screaming with orgasmic delight. After 
that he had only a few simple thoughts in his head: Please Master. Obey Master.

Not long after Carlos succumbed too and after that their training went without 
any problems and soon they were just two eager little faggots trying desperately 
to please their Master, whatever the cost to themselves.

One of the ways in which Master delighted and frustrated the two little slave 
boys, was to allow one of them to get fucked while making the other watch. 
Master would lie down and order both slaves to suck him until he was hard. When 
he was hard he would choose one of them and order that slave boy to do the 
honors. One slave would them squat over Master's body and lower himself onto 
Master's pole. Once the pole was in all the way to the hilt and the slave boy 
was gasping for breath, the slave would start moving himself up and down while 
holding his hands behind his head. Meanwhile the other slave would sit and watch 
enviously as the other slave was fucked by Master. Both slaves would have their 
genitals still imprisoned inside their pouches and as the fucking progressed 
both would become enormously aroused and eventually whimper for release. For the 
slave sitting by watching there was no hope for an orgasm. All he could hope for 
was to be allowed to clean Master's cock afterwards. For the slave pumping up 
and down Master's cock, however, there was a slight hope that Master would be so 
satisfied with his performance that he would release his cock and command the 
other slave boy to suck it. It made the one watching even more envious and made 
the one being fucked by Master delirious with pleasure.

Robert and Carlos' lives settled into a routine. At night they would sleep in 
Master's bed, huddling together under the covers in what little room there was 
at Master's feet. They would be required to service Master several times during 
the night, a task both enjoyed immensely. At night their cocks would be 
imprisoned, which frustrated them enormously when Master removed their butt-
plugs to fuck them. Their butt-plugs also functioned as alarms, waking them in 
the morning with painful electric shocks, soundlessly so as not to wake up 
Master. Then they would get themselves ready for the coming day, administering 
enemas to each other before showering. After preparing breakfast for Master, 
they would wake him up as gently as possible; one of them sucking his cock while 
the other gently licked his feet. Once Master woke up he always fucked at least 
one of them before eating breakfast. At breakfast both waited on him, one 
positioned between Master's legs with Master's cock in his mouth swallowing both 
urine and cum. Once breakfast was over, they would assist in Master's bath and 
usually he would fuck one of them in the shower, much to that slave's delight. 

When Master had dressed, one of the slaves would go down to the stables. Here 
the stable-hands had already fed the ponies, given them their morning enemas and 
showered them, but they would still be standing enclosures, waiting for the days 
training to begin. The ponies led very uniform lives: they were 
trained/exercised, they were fucked, they were made ready for these activities 
and sometimes they were punished. Since they were sex-slaves Master insisted 
that sex be a large part of their conditioning and when they weren't punished, 
giving them one orgasm after the other was part of their conditioning. So much 
so that soon the ponies thought revolved around only two things: obedience and 
sex. Master's training and conditioning eventually reduced all ponies to dumb 
animals thinking only of obedience and sex. Whenever they saw a person they 
immediately thought of how to obey that person so that hopefully they would be 
allowed to cum.
This was where Robert and Carlos came in. Every morning one of them would go 
down to the stables to help prepare the ponies for the day. Doing one pony at a 
time the slave boy would first carefully oil the pony's skin, gently massaging 
the oil into every pore until the pony was breathing hard from the sensuous 
feeling and the pony glistened with oil. Then the slave boys would take the now 
fully erect member of the pony into his mouth and suck the pony to a mind-
blowing orgasm. The slave boy then moved on to the next pony until all were 
oiled up and had been given the first orgasm of the day. Before, during and 
after this duty the slave boys were frequently interrupted by the stable-hands, 
who either fucked them or demanded blowjobs. Both Robert and Carlos enjoyed this 
almost as much as being fucked by Master and Robert had a special liking for 
Danny. Danny would often run his hand gently down Robert's side, from his armpit 
to his ass, gently cupping his buttocks before either fucking him or just 
letting him go about his business. There was definitely chemistry between Danny 
and Robert and Danny often fucked Robert senseless, sometimes even allowing him 
to cum. 
The formerly intelligent and independent law student had been reduced to a horny 
little bimbo of a slave boy, thinking only about how he could best please his 
masters and where he would get his next fuck.

When not in the stables, the two slave boys would perform whatever duty Master 
commanded around the house, making sure that every thing was just as Master 
liked it. Master made sure that the two little fucktoys never made any 
decisions. Whenever they were in doubt they were to ask and independent thought 
was punished severely to make sure that they understood that they had no control 
over their own lives. When Master was not around the two slaves still took care 
of the house and were of course available for use for all the other masters in 
the compound. In the absence of Master, Robert and Carlos would be equipped with 
earpieces and other master would control their every move, watching them on 
CCTV. 
In just a matter of months both had not only gotten used to this, but had also 
begun enjoying it enormously. Their lives were now controlled by others and they 
were unable to do anything about it, so they might as well enjoy it now that 
their every moment was consumed by obedience and sex.




Chapter 5
At the stables Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo began their lives as ponies in earnest. Lives 
that were now reduced that of dumb animals. Master treated them as such, never 
instructing them verbally, but only by wordless calls and brutal use of the 
whip. They soon understood that Master had been dead serious when he had 
indicated that there was only two ways for them to hold themselves: When in 
motion, no matter what kind of motion, they were to high-step and when standing, 
they were to remain absolutely still, feet together. At all times their backs 
were to remain ramrod straight. The first few months of their lives as Master's 
ponies they spent walking, trotting and running around while being endlessly 
corrected and punished by Master or his assistants. They were constantly in pain 
from the latest round of punishment as their minds were quickly conditioned for 
their new roles. Soon Tan-Tan's thought revolved around obedience and sex, just 
as all of Master other slaves.

Their day would start by Thomas or Danny pushing a very large feeding dildo into 
their mouths. They would then have to suck their breakfast, a thick liquid 
tasting like a mixture or sperm and urine, out of the dildo. This was the only 
kind of food they ever ate. After breakfast they would have a painful and 
humiliating series of enemas before being hosed down with icy water. Then either 
Robert or Carlos would rub oil into their skin before blowing them, leaving Tan-
Tan and Jo-Jo dizzy with pleasure. After that training would begin. Endlessly 
they would run around in circles perfecting their movements until Master was 
satisfied. Occasionally they would be stopped so that Master could either punish 
or reward them. Reward was always an orgasm, whether by handjob or by one of 
Master's sucking machines, metal tubes with rubber sleeves on the inside, 
pulsating until the ponies came, screaming with passion. As they got better the 
number of punishments went down and the number of orgasms went up. Master 
already had them cuming at least ten times a day in the stables alone (unless 
they had misbehaved very badly) and combined with the number of orgasms while 
training they were soon up to about twenty orgasm a day. Just as Master had 
intended, it overloaded their minds, making them unable to think about much 
else. The other parts of the training focused pleasing and obeying Master and 
soon this was all they were able to think about.

After a few months Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo had both adjusted to their new lives. Their 
extremely painful footwear was now just another painful part of life they had to 
live with to please Master and high-stepping was now the only way in which they 
could walk or run.
Master now took them out for runs on the compound grounds, always checking if 
they performed properly. Not that there was anything to correct as both ponies 
had been too well conditioned. They drew Master's cart around, wide leather 
belts around their waists holding the bars from the sulky.
Back at the stables they were fed and given series of mind-blowing orgasms, 
which were just that: mind-blowing. As they became hopelessly addicted to sex, 
their minds rotted away as they were reduced to dumb animals. The longer they 
stayed with Master the dumber they got. Not that Tan-Tan or Jo-Jo noticed. They 
were too busy focusing on obedience and sex.

When out of the stables they had two basic outfits. Of course their boots were 
always the same, as were their collars and they always wore bits, but sometimes 
their blinkers were replaced by a tight-fitting rubber hood, robbing them of 
both sight and sound and left them running on only the commands from the reins. 
Tan-Tan loved this, as he was then able to shut everything but blind obedience 
out. As he ran around blind and deaf, completely controlled he was able to focus 
solely on his submissiveness and his by now overwhelming love for the cruel and 
brutal man who owned him. In the submissive darkness his cock strained against 
the pouch as his head was filled with pleasant thoughts of Master's cock 
penetrating him. In six months Tan-Tan had forgotten all about Mark, the person 
he had once been. Indeed he was beginning to forget that he had ever been 
treated as a human, his energy being devoted to behaving just as Master wanted 
it.

Master introduced the next step in their conditioning, something he called the 
pressure harness. Whenever Thomas and Danny appeared holding it Tan-Tan and Jo-
Jo would whinny with fear, their nostrils flaring in anticipation of the pain to 
come. The first part of the outfit was their usual hoods, robbing them of sight 
and sound. Then wide metal bands, three of them, went around their chests. These 
bands were then tightened until their ribs were creaking and their breathing 
reduced to gasping. The bands not only restricted their breathing, but were also 
very painful. The next step was three metal bands around their heads: one at eye 
level, one just above the mouth and finally one looping over the top of their 
heads and under their jaws. These were also tightened until the ponies were 
screaming in pain as they got a vicious and constant headache. Finally a band 
went around their genitals and was tightened until they almost passed out. 
Their whole world filled up with pain, but still Master put them through the 
same training as always. Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo's world narrowed even further until 
there was only room for the next command transmitted through the reins. They 
lost all sense of time, living only in the painful present. Master kept them 
like that for days at a time, stopping to feed them and provide them with 
painful fucking and orgasms. He found it an extremely useful way of conditioning 
his ponies, as they could only think of obeying since there was room for nothing 
else in their painful prison. Tan-Tan both loved and hated the pressure harness. 
He hated it because of the extreme pain it involved, but he also loved it 
because the orgasms he received while in it were so incredibly intense. Inside 
the pressure harness his whole body was absorbed by the mixture of pleasure and 
pain and his orgasms seemed to consume every fiber of his body.
There was another, for Master at least, useful side effect of the harness. The 
pain and especially the restricted breathing made the ponies dumber. It simply 
damaged their brains and because while in the harness they only thought of 
obedience and sex, other parts of their minds were allowed to die, leaving dumb, 
mindless animals.
Master had an obstacle course with written signs containing instructions for the 
ponies, which could be moved around so that the course changed. He used it to 
test the ponies. The degree with which they responded to the signs showed Master 
how much of their human skills they still retained. When his ponies were fully 
trained these abilities had been removed completely and they were only able to 
understand the simplest of commands, responding rather to the tone of voice than 
the content of the sentences, just like ordinary animals.

Master also let the ponies participate in competitions with other masters and 
ponies. Since Master emphasized proper style over speed, Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo never 
competed in flat-out speed races, but rather in races where the ponies were 
judged on style. The also competed in so-called "pain races". In these races the 
ponies competed against other ponies to see who was best at maintaining proper 
posture and style under extreme pain. There was a little twist to these 
competitions: two masters competed against each other, but the pain inflicted on 
the ponies was the doing of the other master.
Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo feared and hated these competitions. They feared them even 
more than the dreaded pressure harness, which at least provided them with some 
pleasure. 
In one of these competitions the master who inflicted pain on them did so in a 
devilishly simple manner. First he filled their bowels with warm chili oil and 
sealed their asses with an inflatable butt-plug. It made the two ponies scream 
and thrash as they fought to expel the burning pain; something that was of 
course impossible. Then he put long catheters with a very large diameter up 
their cocks, making them squirm with discomfort and pain. Finally he filled up 
their bladders and whole urinary tract up with a mixture of chili oil and 
camphor, left the catheters inside their cocks and sealed them. Neither Tan-Tan 
nor Jo-Jo had ever experienced such pain. They screamed and thrashed as the 
tried to expel the liquid or at least run away from it. Sweat coursed down their 
bodies as they twisted in their binding, but nothing they did eased their pain 
and discomfort. In the end they were unable to concentrate on even moving their 
feet properly and were as such unable to compete. 
Loosing did not sit well with Master, even though he congratulated the other 
master on a superb job. Instead he took out his anger on the two ponies. Tying 
both to a pole so that they had no movement left, he first whipped them until 
their bodies were covered with angry, red welts. Then he left them there for the 
night, their inner cavities still filled with the burning liquids. When they 
were released in the morning both ponies just collapsed on the floor as the 
plugs were removed and they lay in a pool of their own fluids mixed with chili 
oil and camphor. They were completely exhausted and still in considerable pain. 
Master in effect continued the punishment by giving them both a handjob. While 
it provided them with much needed release (they had been without an orgasm for 
more than 24 hours), the liquid spewing out through their members flushed chili 
oil and camphor down their tender urinary tracts, causing them violent pain. 
Over the next two days, every orgasm they got and every piss they took was pure 
pain. It made the ponies redouble their efforts to please Master and obey his 
every command. Over the next weeks they had to prove to him anew that they were 
worthy of his attention as he dramatically increased the amount of training the 
ponies were subjected to, especially the part of the training where they were 
subjected to pain, but were still expected to be able to perform properly. The 
pressure harness was combined with other forms of torture; needles, clamps, 
chili oil to train the useless ponies to withstand the pain.

After several months of extremely painful training, Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo were once 
again entered into a competition against the same master who had first pumped 
the burning liquids into them and he again subjected them to the same treatment. 
This time, however, Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo were able to complete the course before 
collapsing while the other set of ponies were unable to even leave the stables 
due to Master's torture and Master thus got back at the other master in an 
orderly and civilized manner - for the masters at least.

Master had an endless ways in which he tortured the ponies, shaping them into 
completely dumb and practically unthinking animals. Breath plays was a clear 
favorite. He would hood the ponies with tight-fitting rubber hoods, which 
enclosed their bits as well, leaving only a tiny tube in one nostril through 
which to breathe. Then he would have them run and as the airflow through the 
tube became inadequate both ponies were gripped with panic and sexual arousal, 
running around on the point of asphyxiation. They became aroused because it was 
also one of Master's favorite tricks in the stables, where he would choke the 
ponies while fucking them and giving them handjobs at the same time. Both Tan-
Tan and Jo-Jo had come to associate choking with sex and they both loved it and 
hated it.
In time this further diminished their mental faculties as the breath play 
damaged their brains, completing their transformation from men to barely human 
ponies. Tan-Tan was filled with complete and uncomprehending happiness when he 
ran for Master and Master's touch made him shiver with pleasure. In the end 
neither Tan-Tan nor Jo-Jo, nor any of the other ponies in Master's stable 
understood anything that was being said to them, much less written words. 
Instead they responded only to the tone in which they were spoken to and the 
sting of the whip or the gentle stroking of their cocks if they had been good. 
They were reduced to ponies thinking only of the overriding need to please their 
Master and of when their next orgasm would be.




Epilogue
After two years as Master's stable-hands, Thomas and Danny left Master to set up 
a business of their own. Master wished both of them the best of luck and gave 
both a parting present. 

To Thomas Master gave his slave boys Carlos. When Carlos was told this he was of 
course filled with great sadness at leaving Master, but he was also very excited 
for he loved Thomas as well. Had he known what was in store for him, he might 
have been less enthusiastic, but in any case he was just a slave with no control 
over his own life. At first he did much the same as he had done for Master: 
keeping house and always being around for a quick fuck or a torture session to 
ease the tension for Master Thomas. Then Master Thomas's business grew and one 
of the things Master Thomas ran was a whorehouse. A whorehouse with slaves of 
almost all descriptions: men, women and those in between. As Carlos still ran 
around in high-heels since his feet were so used to them that he could use no 
other footwear or even run around barefoot, and his movements were quasi-
feminine, Master Thomas decided that Carlos might as well take one step further. 
Now Master Thomas had she-males and sissies in his stable of slaves so there was 
no need to transform Carlos into one of these. Instead he did something crueler. 
Tying Carlos down to a table so he couldn't move at all, he first gave Carlos a 
magnificent handjob, leaving him babbling out his thanks to his cruel master. 
Then he produced a scalpel and to Carlos desperate screams he castrated him 
before carefully cleaning and closing the wound. To complete the torture he made 
Carlos eat his own testicles.
When Carlos' wounds had healed, Master Thomas put a brutally restrictive corset 
on his waist and made a whore out of him. Carlos spent the rest of his life as a 
miserable, sexless whore boy in Master Thomas whorehouse, his tiny useless sex 
always on display for the amusement of the patrons.

To Danny Master gave Robert, something Robert was secretly ecstatic about. He 
loved Danny just as much he loved Master and Danny had fucked him almost every 
day during the last year, so Robert looked forward to being Master Danny's 
property. 
Robert, however, was in for a nasty surprise. Master Danny recognized that a 
great deal of dominants delivered a great number of slaves to their customers, 
almost all well-trained in the basic slave skills. The price of a regular slave 
was comparatively low, and if a master were to charge a higher price he must 
deliver either an exceptionally well-trained and devoted slave or a slave shaped 
into something special. Master Danny chose the latter path. He chose to make and 
sell slaves shaped in special ways and as his field of expertise he chose human 
dogs. As his first experiment, as the example to show off to customers, he chose 
Robert. Less than a week after arriving at Master Danny's new place, securely 
bound in a wooden crate, Robert was sent off to the doctor. The doctor followed 
Master Danny's directions and removed Robert's lower arms, including the elbow 
joint. He also removed Robert's lower legs, including the knees. Robert spent 
four weeks in a drug induced coma while his wounds healed and when he woke up 
Master Danny gave him no time to adapt to the situation, but instead started 
training Robert straightaway. Paw-like cups of hard rubber were fitted to the 
ends of Robert's mangled limbs, thus enabling him to walk on these without 
stressing the bones directly. Robert was almost hysterical at the loss of his 
limbs, but when he tried to tell Master Danny this all he could produce were 
pitiful growls, whimpers and half-strangled barks as his voice had been fixed. 
He could offer no objections as Master Danny started training him for his new 
life.
First Master Danny gave him a new name: Fido. Every time he heard it his face 
stung with shame and humiliation, but in time he reacted only to that name, the 
name "Robert" almost forgotten. Apart from a collar and a leash Fido wore no 
restraints, as he was easy to control since he ran very poorly on his new stump 
legs. He quickly learned to fetch a stick and roll over, as a proper dog should. 
He was, however, sexually very frustrated as Master Danny never granted him 
orgasms. His cock was left unfettered and when Master Danny petted Fido's 
stomach he often stroked Fido's cock as well, but he was very careful to not let 
him cum, instead leaving him hanging on the edge. Fido whimpered and begged but 
it's strict Master would have none of it. Pretty soon Fido was humping people's 
legs and chairs in desperate attempts to get off, But Master Danny always 
stopped him before he shot his load. Besides, it was very limited what pleasure 
he got out of rubbing his cock against a boot, no matter how much it amused the 
master who stuck out his foot.
Just when it seemed to Fido that he was to be denied orgasms altogether Master 
Danny introduced someone who would make Fido cum. Master Danny had bought and 
trained a huge dog by the name of "Bull". Bull was a cross between a Great Dane, 
a Rottweiler and Doberman and he was both very aggressive and very possessive. 
And Fido was his property, Master Danny sure that he understood this. To Fido's 
food had been added a compound that made him smell like a bitch in heat. This 
increased Bull's interest in him greatly. Fido had been scared badly when Master 
Danny had led Bull into the room and Bull had smelled his ass before forcing 
Fido to submit. When Fido had been forced down on the ground and Bull had put 
his jaws around his throat, he had pissed himself, but afterwards Bull had 
treated him just like any other dog on the bottom of the hierarchy. A few days 
later, however, Bull had mounted Fido, making him whimper in fear. Bull had a 
huge cock, much larger than that of ordinary dogs, indeed this was one of the 
reasons Master Danny had chosen him, and when the initial shock had passed Fido 
found to his great surprise that he actually liked the fucking. Maybe it was 
because it was such a long time since anyone had fucked him. Maybe it was 
because Bull was a good lover or that he, Fido, was a true pervert, but whatever 
the reason Fido began moving with the rhythm and soon the pressure from behind 
combined with the long months of denial and Fido came while a real dog fucked 
him from behind. For Fido, who had once been Robert, this was both the lowest 
point in his life and the beginning of his relationship with his new master: 
Master Bull. The next time Bull wanted to fuck him he put up token resistance, 
but soon he eagerly looked forward to being fucked by his new master and he 
lived out his life as Bull's bitch.

As for Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo their lives as ponies changed very little, an endless 
circle of obedience, adoration of Master, training, punishment and sex. Master 
believed in continuous training and he drove the ponies hard all the time. New 
stable-hands arrived to train, fuck and punish them and new house slaves came to 
rub oil into their skins and give them fabulous orgasms, but their lives varied 
little. Tan-Tan's mind rotted away until he was unaware of the basic connection 
he had with the people training and punishing him; namely that they were human. 
Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo were Master's creatures, shaped like he wanted them, obeying 
his every command.
They frequently participated in the pain-races and often won. Their encounter 
with the master who had used chili oil and camphor and the subsequent 
punishment/training had turned them into ponies that performed no matter how 
much pain they were in. Anything else resulted in too much pain. The pain races 
were extremely taxing for the ponies, wearing both their minds and their bodies 
down.
Master breath play also continued undiminished in strength, steadily sapping 
away what little mental faculties they had left.

Finally one day, more than four years after Master had lifted the man who had 
then been named Mark out of his car and onto the dirt outside the stables and 
started turning him into a human pony called Tan-Tan, Master had to admit to 
himself that Tan-Tan and Jo-Jo were reaching the end of the line. Master's 
ponies usually lasted three to five years, depending on how hard they had been 
driven and what they had been made of in the first place, but eventually all the 
brutal training caught up with them. Their brains sustained damage to the point 
where motor reflexes started to fail and the ponies lost their value, 
entertainment wise and in other ways.
Jo-Jo had developed a strange muscular spasm causing him to jerk his head 
incessantly and no amount of punishment could make him stop. Tan-Tan had lost 
all control over his bladder and bowels and had it not been for his butt-plug, 
shit would run out of his ass just as urine did out of his cock. He had also 
begun drooling and he was seemingly unaware of any of these things. Master 
admitted to himself that the end had come for the two ponies.

THE END

If you liked this story, please let me know. I would especially like to know 
what parts of it you liked best and why. You can write me at story_2nn@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





