BDSM Library - Lunch




Lunch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mistress invites a couple of her girl friends over for lunch to show off her new pet.
Lunch

I've only known her for a short while, yet we just seemed to blend perfectly.

On our few dates, it soon became apparent that she liked being in control and
that I craved submitting to her desires.  To our mutual delight, our dates soon
revolved around the theme of her dominance and my submission.  We had explored
BDSM enough to pretty much trust each other and find that we had similar tastes
and limits. She allowed (and required) that I address her as Mistress whenever
we were  exploring the BDSM part of our relationship.

Then one afternoon just after lunch before we had to head back to work, she
looked over  at me, unleashed her killer smile, and said, "I've told a couple of
my girl friends about  you and I'd like to show you off."

Blinking, I felt my ears redden as I thought about being 'shown off.'  I knew
that  she intended to show me submitting to her... probably graphically.  We
both knew that having others witness my submission to her would make me feel
self-conscious if not  out right embarrassed.  I felt myself getting hard as my
logical mind tried desperately tried to find an excuse to avoid being displayed. 
Looking over at her, I could see  amusement in her eyes as she read the emotions
that played through me.  When she saw the tinge of panic in my eyes, she laughed
that delightfully amused laugh she has and  answered for me.  "I knew you would
like the idea," she said with a bit of a snicker. 

Her hand dropped and brushed my crotch... there was no doubt about the effect
her  suggestion had on me.  Still grinning, her hand teasing my cock through my
pants  (she *knows* I'll agree to anything when she does that... especially
since she had been teasing me mercilessly throughout lunch) she said "I was
thinking lunch at my  place this Saturday."

Though I just stood there, struck dumb, we both knew that without having spoken
a word  or even nodding my head, I had agreed to her whim.

Her hand went up the back of my head, her fingers dragging... causing goose
bumps to  cascade over my shoulders as she pulled my head to her and she kissed
me... my mouth  opening...surrendering to the invasion of her tongue.  I pulled
her close... our bodies melting together... my hardness and her softness
blending.  I sighed softly as she broke  off the kiss and turned to leave.  Then
calling over her shoulder, "Oh by the way, I want  you randy when we have
lunch... Don't expect release before then."

At that statement, I finally found my voice as I yelled after her... "Wait! 
Today is  only Wednesday!  I just need to hold off from Friday and I'll still be
ready!"

I could hear her laugh as she walked away, shaking her head no.  I know her well
enough  to know it was futile to plead, but I had to try anyway... otherwise
there was no chance. "Thursday even! ...please!"  She waved at me merrily, still
shaking her head as she got  into her car and drove off.

I don't have to describe the rest of the week.  My thoughts were constantly on
the  coming lunch and each thought caused me to get hard. My balls were aching
all the time.  I couldn't move or take a step without them reminding me of the
lunch, which caused me  to get hard, which added to the plight of my balls... an
endless cycle.  The only contact  I had with her was by phone where she used the
opportunity to tease me about my plight and the upcoming lunch.

I arrived at the appointed time (actually I was early and waited a few blocks
away until  the time).  I had decided to wear tight fitting cyclists pants and
shirt.  I figured that would show my form since I was to be 'showed off.' I was
hoping the outfit would deter her from asking me to wear something even more
humbling.  It didn't take me long to find out my attempt was futile.

She met me at the door wearing a stunning dress, but not particularly sexy. 
Already I was feeling a bit out of place.  At the door, she smiled and pulled me
to her and kissed me, her hands sliding over my smooth shirt and pants.  Finally
breaking off the kiss, she stood back, her eyes twinkling.  "Thanks for coming. 
You look great."  Then she looked  at my crotch. There was no way my arousal
would be unnoticed. I had put on the outfit,  fresh, just before coming over.  
To my dismay there was a very noticeable moist circle  from precum.

I was flushing profusely and she said in a quiet voice, "Strip."

She has seen me naked several times before, but having to disrobe in front of
her while  she was fully clothed was disconcerting.  My eyes were downcast as I
concentrated on  getting out of the tight clothes.  I could feel her amused gaze
as I struggled, My heart was racing as I feared her friends would arrive any
minute.  "You're not going to have  me naked during lunch are you?"  I know she
could detect the tinge of panic in my voice.

She laughed again, and with just a bit of a giggle in her voice, she pointed to
a large  opaque clothes bag hanging on the bathroom door.  "No silly, I have
your outfit in there."

My friends will arrive in a few minutes.  We have a lot of 'girl things' to talk
about so I've decided that you should not speak while they are here.  Unless I
indicate  otherwise, from this moment on and until my guests depart, if you
utter a word, I'll treat  it like a safe word and the day's activities will
cease, you will go home, and we'll finish  lunch without you.  The only
exception is if you are asked a direct question, you will  respond with only a
one word answer, usually 'yes' or 'no'.  You may answer with 'more'  if you feel
you need more than one word to answer. I'll then let you know if you may 
lengthen your answer. Do you understand?"

My mind whirled with questions and objections... I started to open my mouth to
protest or at least clarify when I saw the look in her eyes.  "Yes, Miii.." I
quickly bit off the  end of the prohibited second word. 

She smiled a small smile of satisfaction as she saw me conform to her rule.  I
was now  her toy unable to even utter a token protest to whatever she had in
mind.  Still  smiling, she continued, "I'll let a stray whimper or moan pass,
but don't go using  them to try to communicate."  I came close to saying "Yes
Mistress.  Thank you, Mistress,"  but was able to suppress the urge and remained
silent.

Just then a car pulled up to her house and I could see her friends getting out
of the car. She turned me toward the bathroom, handed me the garment bag as she
pushed me in, and closed the door.  "Get dressed and come out in ten minutes. 
That will give me a  chance to greet my friends," she called through the door as
I heard the doorbell ring.

Left to myself I quickly opened the garment bag.  I was curious about what she
had  selected.  She had not allowed me time to ask about it before she imposed
the no talk rule.  I had steeled myself for something frilly like a maid's
outfit or such.  To my  dismay, the bag was empty!  I felt panicky as I opened
the bag wide.  "The cleaner forgot to put the outfit in the bag," I thought. 
"Geeze, I have to go out there in a few minutes with literally nothing to wear!" 
In desperation, as I turned the garment bag inside out, a small piece of black
material dropped to the floor.  I could feel myself flushing  brightly as I
picked it up... a too small thong made of very thin black sheer material.

The clock showed I only had a couple of minutes and I hastily stepped into the
thong.   "Was this a mistake?" I wondered.  "Perhaps the cleaners did forget the
main clothes.  Geeze, she'll be expecting me to come out dressed and I'll just
have this token on"  I suppressed the urge to call out to make sure this wasn't
a mistake.  "Dang that  'no talk' rule!" I mumbled.  My panic caused my erection
to subside enough that I could  quickly tuck my shaft down into the thong.  As
the clock indicated my time was up, I took  a deep breath, opened the door, and
hesitantly stepped out.

Feeling unsure of myself, I tentatively looked around.  There was no one there
and I  could hear voices and laughter in the dining room.  Did she expect me to
go in?  Should I wait until she came back?  Feeling very naked, I ventured
through the living room and  peeked around the corner.  I could see her friends
and they too had on regular clothes.  I was obviously odd man out.  One of her
friends saw me and looked over.  The conversation stopped suddenly and it
suddenly became very quiet as I felt all eyes on me. 

There was no help as to what was expected of me.  Unsure of myself, it felt
wrong to be  just peeking around the corner so I tentatively stepped into the
room and stopped.  I  could feel myself flushing from head to toe as I stood
there.  Motionless, the obvious  center of attention, not knowing what to do but
stand there.  I inwardly groaned as I felt  my cock respond and harden.  I had
stuffed my shaft down when I first put on the thong  and now to my dismay, it
was determined to right itself.  It pulled the thong into an  obvious tent.  The
tip of my cock snagged in the fabric of the thong and my shaft was  held so it
stuck straight out.  My hand tentatively moved to free my trapped member and I 
froze when I heard my mistress quietly say "don't."  I let out my breath and my
hands  dropped to my sides. 

It was deathly quiet and it seemed like an eternity that I stood there, my cock
pointing  straight out... the tip pressing on the fabric so the smallest drop of
precum would  instantly seep through. Finally I heard one of her friends make a
comment on my situation  and the conversation and laughter resumed.  Most of the
conversation was a blur to me,  but it generally encompassed comments about me,
past boyfriends, how I compared both  physically and behaviorally. 

Finally my mistress beckoned me to approach her and handed me a dust cloth.  She
pointed to the large swinging chandelier over the table and told me to dust it. 
Taking  the cloth I proceeded to dust the chandelier.  I was aware that the
thong was at eye level  for the ladies sitting at the table and both of my hands
were reaching high to steady the  chandelier and dust it.

As I dusted, I got close to my mistress and I felt her finger touch the tip of
my  cock through the wet fabric. I couldn't help but moan as it felt like her
touch was  going to set me off.  Then suddenly, she flicked the tip with her
finger. "OuAaaaa," I bleated out at the sudden jolt of pain on the tip... barely
keeping the word 'ouch' in the realm of a moan.  The action and my reaction
brought instant laughter from all the ladies and I flushed brightly as I tried
to continue dusting the  chandelier as if nothing happened.   I heard her
friends ask if they could do that and groaned inwardly when I heard my mistress
say yes.  Each of her friends took delight at teasing the tip of my cock still
seeming to try to poke a hole in the sheer fabric.   I whimpered as I dusted the
chandelier and could think of nothing but the touch of the  ladies and the
inevitable snap that would follow.  None of that attention did anything  to
dislodge my stiff shaft from its position of sticking straight out.  The tip
apparently  inviting the ladies to tease and torment it. At the end of each
tease came the sharp  flick... the jolt of pain not so surprising now so instead
of a yell that issued on the  first time, my unsuppressed whimpers were just
punctuated with a sharp gasp when each  lady finally delivered her snap.

To my relief, my mistress finally stood up and leaned against me.  I felt her
breasts press against my side and a soft kiss on my cheek as she took back the
dust cloth. "Good boy," she purred in my ear.  "Would you like to sit with us
now for a while?"

"Yes," I responded eagerly.  I couldn't help but smile from the effect of
hearing her  say 'good boy.'  I finally had some feedback that I was behaving to
her liking.   I  apparently had at least responded adequately during the
numerous times I was unsure  of how I should respond. 

I could hear amusement in her voice when she said, "You will have the honor of
sitting in the captains chair at the head of the table." 

I could sense that something was up as all eyes watched me as I circled the
table and  pulled the chair away from the table.  Looking down I saw the chair
had a small butt plug  strapped on the seat.  Swallowing hard as I felt the
blood again rush to my face, I looked  up at my mistress. I could see her
amusement at my reaction... and I knew that she fully  intended for me to impale
myself on it.

"It might be a good idea for you to lube your..."  she couldn't suppress a
snicker mid  sentence, "your resting place." My gaze remained riveted on the
plug as she spoke and  I was aware of the giggles of her friends as she
commented on my 'resting place.'

I looked around quickly for a source of lubricant to apply and saw nothing.  I
flushed  even brighter as it dawned on me how I would have to lubricate it.  I
hesitated for a  few moments but it seemed like and hour before I yielded to the
inevitable and sank to  my knees before the chair and licked the tip of the
plug.  As I leaned over, I heard  one of her giggling friends comment "He is so
hard!  It looks like he'll submit to any  indignity for you while he's in that
state."  Her other friend chimed in with a similar statement and all three of
them were laughing and making taunting remarks.

Trying to ignore the heckling, I concentrated on getting the plug wet.  I found
that  licking didn't work and had to tilt the chair toward me and insert the
plug in my mouth. My efforts were greeted with hoots and hollers from the Ladies
as my saliva finally covered the plug and I stood up.  Still flushed and very
aware of my cock still pointing  straight out, I turned slowly to prepare to
sit.  My eyes were pleading with my mistress  as I felt acutely aware of my
humiliation.

She returned my look with a wicked grin and said, "Remove the thong before you
'settle' down."

After a moment's hesitation, I pulled the thong off, my cock finally bobbing
free, and I flushed brightly again as the last vestige of clothing (skimpy and
embarrassing as it was)  fell free. Not even aware that I was whimpering except
that I could hear it I positioned  myself in front of the chair until I could
feel the tip of the plug touch my ass cheek.  With one more imploring look at my
mistress and seeing no reprieve in sight, I grabbed the arms of the captains
chair and carefully positioned myself over the plug and slowly, inch by inch,
lowered myself onto the plug... feeling it fill me as I settled. During my  slow
impalement, the three ladies all offered comments with mocking encouragement 
with applause and cheers when I finally settled on the chair.  I looked down at
my lap  and it seemed that my cock was a straight extension of the plug inside
me. 

No sooner had I 'sat down' my mistress proceeded to tie my wrists to the arms of
the chair and my ankles to the legs.  I struggled just enough to realize that
the bonds were secure but allowed some movement.  Since I was impaled, that
movement was limited to  twisting my torso or up and down.  Still, I almost
welcomed the restraint.  I relaxed a bit almost comfortable in the knowledge
that I was now helpless and not responsible for  knowing what actions were
expected or appropriate.

That comfort vanished quickly when my mistress produced a set of nipple clamps
joined with a light chain.  With a devilish glint in her eye, my mistress then
proceeded to tease  each nipple with her finger nails before attaching the
clamp. With each clamp, I gasped as  the pain shot through my chest.  My
pleading eyes only seemed to amuse the Ladies.  She then proceeded to attach
another light chain to the chandelier so that it dangling right  in front of my
nose.  Still grinning... she tipped the chandelier slightly and attached  the
dangling chain to the nipple clamp chain.  The pain from the tug of the
chandelier  shot through me.  "Ahhhhhhhh," I squealed again looking to my
mistress for mercy. 

"Wimp," she teased in her mocking voice.  Then grinning she continued, "There's
some slack in your bonds where You can rise to relieve the pull of the
chandelier."

Gratefully I pressed on the arms of the chair.  Though it was at an awkward
angle, I was able to lift myself to the limit of the bonds. I could feel the
butt plug slide, but I  didn't have enough slack to pull clear of it.  The
tension lessened on the clamps  significantly though I winced each time the
chandelier swayed away from me until it  finally settled down. 

My efforts to lessen the tension on the clamps amused the ladies but soon my
arms started  to burn from the effort to keep me raised in that position.  My
focus was on my plight but I was well aware of the giggles and comments that
transpired as I struggled to maintain a  position that kept the tension on the
chain to a minimum.  Soon my arms started to shake  from the effort and,
whimpering, I finally had to lower myself on the plug again while my  nipples
screamed from the resumed tension of the chain.

"Time to prepare lunch, girls," my mistress chirped, and they all proceeded to
the  adjoining kitchen, leaving me.  I wanted to cry out for them not to leave
me in this  predicament, but I still wasn't allowed speech. Instead I groaned
loudly.  Taking  advantage of the short rest, my arms were able to raise me once
again to relieve the  tension on the nipple chain.

I saw one of her friends look at me from the kitchen and say "He's up again!" 
This  announcement was greeted by laughter and giggles from the other two.

I was aware that the gals were looking in on me as I struggled and when fatigue
finally  forced me to lower myself on the plug again I heard the report "He's
down!"  And again I  could hear the amused response of the others in the
kitchen.  This was repeated until  they finally returned to the dining room with
the luncheon salads. 

In normal time, I guess it wasn't that long, but to me it had seemed like an
eternity of  ups and downs before they had returned.  It was driven home to me
that without any effort (or even presence) on their part, they could enjoy and
extend my torment.  My  whimpers were now punctuated by sobs as my eyes were
pleading with my mistress for mercy.

Smiling, she came over and unclasped the chain and then removed each clamp.  I
cried  out at the removal of each clamp as the blood came back and she chuckled,
bent down and  soothed each nipple with her tender mouth and tongue before
pulling back with a quick nip  on each throbbing bud as she pulled away.  The
first nip caught me by surprise and I  screamed.  The second was anticipated and
I was whimpering and sobbing even as her lips  caressed and tongue soothed my
nipple.  And I still screamed at the second nip.  As her  mouth tended to my
nipples, her hand dropped to my cock and she grasped it and stroked it.  
Despite my ordeal (more likely *because* of my ordeal), it was hard and
throbbing.  I  couldn't arch or even wiggle much to encourage the attention as I
was held in place by  the plug.

My eyes were still blurry and my cheeks tear stained as I looked up at her.  I
could see  her eyes twinkling as she was enjoying having me so under her power. 
She looked at the  salads and with mock surprise she said "Oh dear.  We ran out
of salad dressing when we  got to your salad.  You can't have salad without
dressing."

I knew immediately what she had in mind for my salad dressing.  After days of
teasing and no relief, I was eager to provide the required 'dressing' for the
salad.  I didn't  care about how degrading the production of the dressing would
be, nor did I care that I  would have to consume it later.  My main thought
focused on my throbbing shaft and the  hope of finally getting release.

I got an indication as to how well she had planned the events of the lunch when
she  produced a small thin board with a hole lined with soft fur in the middle
of it.   Chuckling, she attached the board across the arms of the captains
chair.  She proceeded  to tease my cock until I was ready to cum.  Giggling at
my eagerness, she finally  wiggled my penis so the tip was just sticking through
the soft opening of the board.   Her eyes were twinkling with amusement as she
looked down at me.  "Lets see if you can  produce your salad dressing, pet.  If
you don't, you can bet you won't have another  chance until next week's lunch."

'Next week' those two words instilled me with panic... both with the idea that I
could be  left frustrated for a full week in addition to the time already
endured and that this ordeal  was to be repeated so soon.  Groaning I did the
only thing I could do.  I raised myself with  my arms, my cock rising straight
up through the maddening hole, the butt plug sliding out of me... and then
lowering myself for another stroke... and feeling the plug fill me...  adding to
my humiliation and excitement.  I could hear amused gasps from her friends as I 
sought desperately to cum.  Such was my state, it took only a few more 'strokes'
to set me  off. "Arrrrghhhhhh!!!!" my cry filled the room as my final thrust
released seed in surges  straight up as I strained and pressed against the board
at the height of that thrust.

I heard laughing, clapping, and someone yelling "Thar she blows!" as the first
surges  started.  As I finally settled down, my breathing was still coming in
quick gasps when I  finally lowered myself back onto the plug.  Smiling, my
mistress came over and kissed me.  Then she pulled the bonds loose allowing me
use of my limbs.  "Now collect the  dressing, pet, and try to get most of it on
your salad."

Still dazed from my orgasm, I picked up a cracker and used it to scrape up the
cum where  it had landed on the board and transferred it to my salad.  When I
had finished, my  mistress looked pointedly at the cracker.  With deliberate
slowness, I ate it.

She then took my salad bowl and placed it on the floor by her feet.  Looking
over at me she said, "You may enjoy your salad, but you're not to use your
hands"

I carefully rose off the chair and breathed a sigh of relief that I no longer
was filled with  the plug.  I took the chair to another room.  I returned,
kneeling at my mistress's feet then getting down on all fours, I proceeded to
eat my salad.  I could here the ladies conversing  and laughing as we ate.  It
was impossible not to get the 'dressing' smeared on my face and I must have been
a mess.

After the meal, as her friends prepared to leave, my mistress handed me a moist
towel and I was able to wipe off the dried tears and cum.  I came up behind her
as she ushered her friends out the door.  They were full of 'I really enjoyed
the lunch' and 'We had a blast'  kinds of comments as they left.

Finally alone, my speech restriction finally lifted, she turned around and for
the first time  since I had arrived, I saw a flicker of uncertainty cross her
face.  She had put me through a lot, with little indication as to what I was to
be in for.  I knew her well enough to know  that she was concerned that she had
pressed too far, too fast. 

I pulled her close and held her tight for a moment, then I kissed her softly and
pulling back so I could look into here eyes, I whispered "Thank you."

At my words, I saw her smile and her eyes light up as she pulled me close. 
"Next time," she  said, "I won't let you off so easily."  She laughed with
merriment as she felt me react to her  words with a shudder.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chuck


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





