BDSM Library - Harem Community




Harem Community
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a start of a story about a 25 year male who starts his own Harem Community.  The Harems, currently consisers of his family and also people from outside the family who wants to belong to him.
Ed was sitting down in his favourite arm chair, wearing just a robe in the
living room of his big house.  He's only 25 and already owns his own house and
business because of his family and what they did to him when he was younger. 
Something of which they are still trying to make amends for as they feel very
guilty for breaking his trust and even family morals all for money.

"When did you say they were going to be ready Mum?" asks Ed, as he looks down at
his mum who was kneeling wearing a black see through nightie of which was down
to her feet and as got a low cut at the top.  She was also wearing a collar to
show respect to her owner. "They are almost ready, and I told them to come down
at 08:00 just the way you said sir" replies Ed's mum.  Ed leans downs and run
his hands through his mum's hair like he done loads of times before when he is
nervous to calm his self down.  "Am I doing the right thing?  I mean having
getting a harem community like this going.  From what I have read and seen there
is usually one male to all the other females.  But what about families they have
got and the partners that some of these woman have already gotten?" asked Ed. 
"I think it's great that you are thinking about families of your new play
things.  I know that the rules you have drawn up are good ones for this trail
period of which you are having.  And the contracts that you have drawn up also
for all of them to sign is also a good thing, but I do have to disagree with you
about the one strike rule and there male partners are out..." said mum.  "The
one strike rule is there so that I know I have got there partners under my
control as I don't know if they would agree to being owned by me.  I want it so
that I know that any time I can get rid of the trouble makers while keeping the
harems for me to have fun with and used as I like" replies Ed, breaking his mum
in her mid sentence.

"I want you to get me ready" as Ed opens up his robe to reveal his semi hard
cock as his mum starts to crawl closer on her knees and slowly places her hands
on her sons legs like she as done before.  Without another word and like the pro
that she is now, she slowly move her mouth to Ed's cock and starts to kiss it
gentle and tease the tip of it with her lips.  "MMMM" a moan comes from Ed's
mouth, as she slowly start to take it in her mouth.  She knows that she must
take her time in making it hard but she must not make her owner cum.  As he as
got plans for it and also he as not told her to make him cum yet.  Ed's mum can
feel the cock growing harder as she takes more and more in to her mouth, and
then she feels it.  She is getting wet, she always like playing with her cunt
while sucking cock especially her own sons cock.  But she is not allowed to now,
she is being punished for playing with it the last time without her owner's
permission.  How couldn't she when she found out what was going to be happening
soon, one of her deepest darkest desires ever since she was a child and one of
the reasons why she is belongs to her son.  She was slowly teasing her son's
cock with her tongue now, running it over the tip and going deeper and deeper
down it just the way he likes it to be done, as he pulls on my hair to take me
up his cock and putting it down so that it gags me.  She knows that if she is
not carefully he will shot his love seed all in her worthless mouth.  Then there
was a knock at the door.

"MMMM come in" moans Ed, with his mum sucking his hard cock as he looks up to
see Aunt Liz walking in wearing the same type of see through black nightie that
his mum is wearing and collar.  "Sir, the new harems and there families are
ready for you outside the room" says Aunt Liz with her eyes on the floor.  "May
I do anything to please you sir?" asks Aunt Liz.  "Yes come here and feel my
mum's cunt, tell me how wet it is" says Ed, as Aunt Liz gets on to hands and
knees and starts to crawl over to her sister Willow.  "How do you want me to
feel her sir?  Through her robe or slide my hand up underneath it?" asks Aunt
Liz.  "MMMMM, oh yes Mum you know how to suck cock don't?  You are my whore
arenï¿½t you" as Ed pauses and thinks "I want you to feel it through her robe". 
As aunt Liz moves her hand to the front of Willow's robe and slowly strokes
Willow's cunt to found out how wet she is.  She didn't need to do this as she
already know that she would be soaking wet because of Ed.  But she did it any
why, "She is ready for you sir, she is gagging for a good seeing to" says Aunt
Liz.  As Ed pulls his mum off his cock by her hair.  "Cover me up and then kneel
facing away from me" says Ed.  As his mum moves her hands to cover up her son's
nice hard cock with a smile, before turning around to face away from her son
kneeling with her legs spread and her hands on her knees.

"Aunt Liz, I want you to walk to the door and get everybody in, I also want you
to make them line up in front of me but on the far side of the wall.  Please
also go and release my sisters from the punishment room and bring them to me"
says Ed.  "Yes sir, may I go and do it now?" replies Aunt Liz.  "You may"
replies Ed. 

As he watches Aunt Liz getting up from her knees and walk to the closed door of
which she had just entered a few minutes early and open it before sticking her
head out of it.  "I want you all to follow me and line up in the order that you
are now from where I say.  And remember eyes down on the floor and no looking at
your new owner or speaking" says Aunt Liz.  With that she turns around and lead
all the new harems in to the room with there families.  They were all dressed
the same way, all the females wear a black see through nightie of which was low
cut and down to there feet.  The males were only wearing tight boxer shorts. 
But they all had on a collar with a number going higher.  The female with number
1 followed Aunt Liz to one side of the room and turned to face Ed, but didn't
look up.  The rest of the harems and there family members also followed in one
after each other until the last female with number 26 come in and turned to face
Ed.  "I want you all to look at Aunt Liz and watch her to get in to the correct
position to sit when ordered to.  Aunt Liz show them how to sit" says Ed.  As he
looks up and down the row that as been formed in front of him and smiled to him
self as he starts to play with his's mothers hair again as he was getting
nervous.  "I want everybody to get on there knees like this" says Aunt Liz as
she lowers herself on to her knees and watches everybody doing the same.  "Now I
want you to spread ur legs like this and put your hands on ur knees" as Aunt Liz
spread her legs at the knees and slowly places her hands on both knees and
watches everybody else doing the same. 


"May I go and release Natalie and Angel now?" asks Aunt Liz. "You may" replies
Ed.  With that Aunt Liz gets up off her knees and walks out of the door and
turns to go up stairs.  As she walks along the landing she hears muffled sounds
of pleasure and pain coming from a room in front of her.  She pauses and take a
deep breath in as she gentle moves her hand to her ass where she had been
punished early on in the day.  Aunt Liz reaches up to remove a key from a hook
above the door and slides it in to the door and hears a clicking noise as she
unlocks and walks in.  In front of her was Natalie and Angel tied up on the
floor naked with there big tits and erected nipples sticking out.  They had
there arms tied above there head and there legs tied spread apart with there
shaved pussy nice and wide.  And Ed didn't leave them like that, he had set up
two fucking machines that as been fucking there cunts for the last two days
straight and they were red sore with use.  "I have been ordered to release you
two and take you down to sir as the new harem's have arrived" says Aunt Liz as
she starts to undo them leaving the fucking machines going.  She knows she
should turn them off first and remove them, but decides not to as the sight of
them being pleasured like this without being allowed to cum was a big turn on
for her.  Last of all Aunt Liz stops the machines and remove them for her's
nieces cunts.  "Aaaaahhhhhh thanks" comes from the sisters at the same time. 
With that the 3 of them exits the punishment room, before pausing to let Aunt
Liz close and lock the door before putting the key back up to where it's belong. 
They walk down to the living room together with Natalie and Angel staying naked
only for the collar.  As they enter it, they look down to the floor and make
there way to there owner before pausing.

"What do you two have to say to me?" asks Ed to his sisters.  "We are sorry"
replies Angel, "We promise that we won't play with each other from now on
without your permission in the future" says Natalie.  "I hope so as if we didn't
have any new harems and there families today I would had left you up in the
punishment room for longer. Now I want all 3 to kneel either side of me with
your backs facing me" as Ed's carries on playing with his mother's hair as he
watches Natalie and Aunt Liz getting in to position.  But then Angel pauses,
"May I ask a question sir?" asks Angel.  "Yes what?" replies Ed.  "May Natalie
and I wear our robes to please you?" asks Angel.  "You may not bitch, if I
wanted you both to have your robes on now like the others I would had give them
to Aunt Liz to put on you.  Now bend over and count out loudly whore" says Ed,
as he bends down to pick up a whip and stands up behind Angel.  "1.... 2.....
3..... 4..... 5..... 6..... 7.... 8.... 9...." says Angel as  Ed hits Angel hard
on her ass and the back of her legs.  2 Minutes later, "45.... 47....." says
Angel. Ed pauses, "you missed a number whore".  "I am sorry sir" replies Angel,
"and you know what happens if you miss a number don't you".  "Yes I do sir, you
start again" replies Angel. "yes Angel" as Ed starts the punishment again harder
and with each hit there is a deeper in take of breath as Angel tries not to cry. 
"3.... 4..... 5..... 6...... 7....." says Angel as seconds turns in to minutes. 
"95..... 96..... 97..... 98..... 99...... 100......" says Angel.  With that Ed
stops and says "Turn around".  "Thank you sir, I dissevered that punishment for
asking such a stupid questions" says Angel.  "Good now get in to position next
to Natalie" as Ed watches Angel slowly gets in to the kneeling position because
of her legs and ass hurting badly from that punishment.

"I am sorry that you had to witness that, even before we were able to start. 
But if any of you want to leave now then this is your last chance before we get
started.  And incase you want to leave and don't want to go because of the
contract then you won't be hold to it if you go now.  This is your last chance"
says Ed as he looks up and down the row waiting for one or even all of them to
up and leave.  But to his shock they don't, "good now down to the business that
you are all here, to serve me as harems" replies Ed.  "As I don't know all of
your names I have given you number tags that you have to wear on your collar
from now on.  The reason why this is because it's the easiest way of telling you
what to do.  Some of you already know about me, others don't but you all agreed
to this and had a lot of times to withdraw your application to serve me.  I know
some of you have done this and you arenï¿½t here today and it's you loss." Says Ed
as he walks up and down the row looking up and down his new play things. 

"Now down to business I hope that you have read the rules before coming in to
here, but incase you having I will be going over them again with you before
going over rules can be boring in my view so I will be having some fun" said Ed
as he walks to the middle of the room.  "Mum I want you to crawls over here in
front of me remove your robe" says Ed.  With that order, Willow starts to crawl
on her hands and knees and gets in front of Ed and while kneeling removes her
nightie to show off her nice firm tits and shaven cunt.  "I am ready sir for you
pleasure" replies Ed mum.  "Good, I want everybody to say hello to my Mum, her
name is Willow and she is part of the reason why you are all here today. 
Natalie, Angel I want you to crawl here and remove my robe" say Ed as he smiles
and watches his naked sisters crawl to him.  He especially like them crawling as
there big tits always move backwards and forwards more then his mother and
aunties does.  As they get to Ed they both take either side of there brother's
robe to undo it and remove it from his arms and body to reveal a hard 6 inch
cock of which was very thick.  It's just a average cock but a lot of females
like it due to the width of it. 

"Good, when I say you will be getting mum to fuck me in front of the new
harem's.  I don't have time to fuck her myself so you will do it for me Angel
and Natalie" says Ed.  "Yes Sir" was the reply that comes from them both.  As Ed
drops to his knees making sure that his mother have spread her legs for him to
gain access to his mother's cunt.  "Now girls, you may only touch our mother and
not me and you may start now" says Ed.  With that Angel takes hold of her
mothers hips on the left hand side and Natalie does the same on her right hand
side and guides her wet cunt to it's present.  Sir's cock, "Yes that is right
almost in there isn't it" says Ed as he guides his hard cock in and grabs hold
of his mother's hair and pulls it back roughly to make the rid more
controllable.  As Ed's hard cock slides in to his mother's unprotected cunt it
felt really good and really wet just the way that he's like it to be.  His
sisters were controlling the fucking rhyme nice and slowly to make the pleasure
last for as long as they can.  They know that Ed likes his Harems pleasure to
last for a long time b4 they cum with his permission.  Each time that the
sisters move there mother's cunt away from Ed's cock there mother head always
gotten pulled back by Ed's hand as she moans from the pain.  "MMMMM oh yes
motherfucker you know how to use this slut don't you" says Ed's mum.  With that
it snap's Ed back in to the real world knowing what he as to do with the
introduction. 

"MMMMMM my name is Ed, as most of you know it already.  But you all will be
calling me sir from now on or Ed some of the times, but you must call me Sir
most of the times or else.  As you can see I am fucking my mum with the help of
my older sisters.  My mum is 38 years old, she had me when I was 14.  MMMMM, My
older sisters are 26 years old and she had them when she was only 12.  It shows
what a real slut my mum is, MMMMM, she would do anything for some cock and even
cum any why that is another story I will tell you later on if you stay the trail
period" says Ed as he is moaning from being fucked by his mother in front of
everybody. 

"As most of you should have already read is the rules of which you all agreed
to, but I will go over them again so that you know.

1.  You belong to me, and nobody else not even you partners or children.
2.  Your partners and children are only here for a trail thing as in my view
Harems are a family relationship but any time they don't follow any of the set
rules they will be out of here.
3.  Your partners have only got 1 strike and they are out for good, if there is
no punishments suitable for them.
4.  You all may only play with yourself, cum etc with my permission.  If you
don't have my permission to then you will be punished.
5.  Only the high ranking Harems that I trust will past on any of my orders,
currently they are only, Willow my mother, Aunt Liz, Natalie or Angel.  You know
if they are high ranking because they have got stars on there collar of which I
will be putting on after finished fucking my mum.
6.  At any time I may involve any of your children or even partners in any to do
with our community without your permission as you all belong to me.
7.  You must tell me the truth all the time
8.  You may request to talk to me in private any time you want
9.   You may only dress how I say, when you are outside the community. Otherwise
you must be dressed in collar and robe
10.  You must have your eyes lowered when entering in to a room until I say you
may look
11.  When I enter a room for a first with you in it you must say Hello Sir
12.  You must respect other Harems and there family members
13.  No fighting
14.  When you have completed any punishments you must thank me for it
15.  You are only here to please me
16.  Anything happen inside the community must stay inside".

Ed pauses, and looks at number 10.  "What's your name?"  asks Ed.  "It's Joanne
sir", replies Joanne.  "Do you want to please me" asks Ed.  "Yes I do, that is
what my purpose in my life is.  It's to serve my owner, serve you sir" says
Joanne.  "Good now remove your robe and kneel in front of my mum Joanne" Says
Ed, as he watches Joanne getting up and removing her robe to show her bush cunt
off and big nipples, bigger then normal.  Joanne looks at her son and daughter
kneeling and then covers her cunt and tits up as best as she can with her hands
and arms before starting to walk to Ed.  "Joanne, stop did I say you could cover
yourself up?" asks Ed.  "No sir you didn't" replies Joanne.  "Then turn around
to face your children and put ur arms to your side and tell them who you belong
to and what you purpose is and even include them in your purpose statement" says
Ed.


To be continued.......




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harem Owner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





