BDSM Library - Serving A Woman In Power




Serving A Woman In Power
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Stevie always thought that a female boss would be soft when she left the office. When his family moved to a new town and Linda became his boss, he learned that it was not true. As a new employee she takes him with her on training where he finds out that he not only has to keep up with his professional duties but also has to fulfil her sexual preferences and over a week he becomes her submissive slave.
SERVING A WOMAN IN POWER

(F/M, MF/M, CBT, Scat, Spanking, Toys, Transvestite, Watersports, D/s, B/D, S/M,
BDSM,  Slavery, Bondage, Work, mc, Humiliation, Torture, Heavy, Violent)

By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

I always thought that a woman in power would be the opposite off-work. Now I
know I was  wrong, at least with Linda.

When I started at the office I was new in town and the family just moved in. In
the office  Linda was the administrative manager responsible for over 100 men
and women. The first  week Linda had her management team with Joe and Alex. As a
new guy in the office I never  understood that they left the office without
noticing where they left to. Along the way I was  called in to work with Linda,
in different projects. At first just for some questions, but later  for long
discussions. We often sat behind each others and I realised now that she always
put  her hand on my leg or around my shoulders.

After three months she called me in and she said:

- Steve, I know that you just have been settled since you arrived, but I need
you to join me for  training. It is three weeks from now and I would like you to
make arrangements to join me. As I was trying to do my best in my new job I made
all the arrangements and I was ready for  the training.

We went away on the Sunday and arrived at the hotel at 6 pm. Linda went to the
reception  and got the keys to our rooms. We agreed to meet in the lobby one
hour later, and then we  went to our rooms. When I got to my room I found out
that it was in the basement without a  window. It was a very small room. One
hour later I was waiting in the lobby, but I had to wait  for 15 minutes for
Linda. She was good looking, even though she was overweight. Then we  went to a
small restaurant nearby the Hotel. On the way she held my arm tight and I
allowed it  as I didn't think it was wrong. Just before we finished our dinner a
flower girl came up to us  and Linda whispered to me:

- Please buy me some roses!

- Ok, I turned to the flower girl. I want some roses for the lady please. I paid
the roses and gave them to Linda and she thanked me by giving me a kiss on my
mouth  and then she said:

- Thank you Steve, now I know that you love me. I was surprised by her move as
this was something I never expected from my boss. When we  had finished the
dinner we returned to the hotel. This time she took my hand and held it hard.  I
couldn't get out of her grip so I let it be. Nothing else happened that night.
We agreed that I  would pick her up in the morning for breakfast at her room.

Next morning I came to her room and found out that it was a fantastic room. It
was much  larger than mine. Linda was in her lingerie underwear when I arrived,
but she led me in and  made me wait while I watched. She had large tits, a large
ass and I could see that her belly  was hanging out a little bit. As I already
had noticed she was overweight, but she didn't  bother showing of in her
lingerie. She sat beside me on the sofa while she put on her  stockings, so I
had a good look at her tits from behind. As a married man I shouldn't be 
tempted to play with another woman but I couldn't help myself from thinking how
good it  would be to play with them. After she had put on her dress she took my
hand and we went  down for our breakfast. There she told the waiter:

- A table for me and my man please. So I was her man, I asked myself. What is
this, she held my hand, and she kissed me  yesterday and made me watch her get
dressed. I didn't resist though, I didn't want to loose my  job.

The first day of the training went by, I sat beside Linda and she was touching
all the time,  hold my shoulders and hold my hand like we were lovers. Back at
the hotel we agreed to go  out later.

Like the first evening we went to a restaurant nearby, but this time it was
another one. She  held my hand as before and I was getting used to it. We sat
down and had a good dinner with  wine. After finishing we returned to the hotel.
This time she asked me to join her in her room,  to show me some things about
the job. I sat down on the sofa and she brought me some papers  to read and she
sat right beside me, very tight. While I read, she leaned on me and put her 
hand on my leg. I couldn't help myself getting a hard-on, which I know she
noticed. She  slowly moved her hand over my dick, like it was an accident. I
didn't say anything, but I tried  to get out of it without any trouble. I
couldn't, she was the woman in power and she played  with me. An hour later
after reading papers and discussing issues, I was allowed to return to  my room.
The first thing I did was taking all my cloths of and jerk off while lying on
the bed.  I wasn't supposed to react like this but I couldn't help it. I wasn't
attracted by her but I got  turned on when she played with me.

Next morning I was made to pick her up for breakfast again. This time she was
still in her  pyjamas. She made me sit on the sofa and she went into the
bathroom to get dressed. To make  it possible to talk to each other, she let the
door open so I could see her all naked in a mirror  across the bathroom. She was
not a dream woman, still I love watching naked women and this  was no exception.
When she had put on her lingerie, she came to the sofa and put on her  stockings
and made me help her with the dress. It felt good being her assistant even doing 
this. The rest of the day past like the first day. I also found out that the
Wednesday was a free  day that Linda had planned for us to work on a project.
When we got back to the hotel I was  asked to follow her to her room. She needed
some massage on her shoulders, she said. So  when we entered her room, she took
of her dress and sat down on the side of the bed. I sat  myself behind her and
started to give her massage and she slowly moved as close as possible  to me. I
got a hard-on by this and she could feel it. After a while she said:

- That feels good Steve. I really enjoy being her with you. So far you have been
the perfect  choice. So far, I wondered what she meant by that, then she got up
from the bed and went over to the  table and brought out a bottle of champagne.
It was wonderful to see a woman in lingerie pick  up that bottle and two crystal
glasses.

- I think it is time for us to celebrate. You and me being here, she said and
returned to the bed.   Open the bottle please! I opened the bottle while she sat
down on the bed spreading her legs so she had them on each  side of me. Now I
could see the hair from her pussy just in between. She tempted me as much  as
she possibly could. I filled our glasses and then she toasted for us:

- For us and what to come! It tasted good and I was not used to champagne. Linda
started to talk right away:

- How do you like working for me!

- I like it very much, I replied. You know very much about the business.

- Nice to hear that, I'm flattered. She continued. I knew you that you were the
right guy when  I hired you. So far you have met my expectations and if you
continue that way then you and I  can have an exciting future. I got nervous of
what she said and emptied my glass. She filled it right away and we went on 
talking about the job while she sat in front of me touching her tits with one
hand and the glass  of champagne in the other. After a while we had emptied the
bottle but I guess I drank most of  it. This made me feel calm again as I was
getting a little bit drunk.

It was time to continue the evening. Linda told me to go to my room and leave my
papers. We  should then meet outside the hotel where a taxi was to take us to a
restaurant. Her choice of  restaurants was perfect the other nights so I tried
to hurry as much as possible, not to let her  be waiting for me.

When I came down the taxi was waiting. Linda was already inside waiting for me.
I got in and  was surprised by her dress. It was black leather instead of
business casual outfit she wore the  other nights. When I sat down she gave me a
new glass of champagne and as I just got the  taste of it, I took the glass and
thanked her. The ride took 20 minutes and all the way Linda  held my arm moved
as close to me as she possibly could without sitting in my lap and  touching my
legs. Meantime I had more than one glass of champagne and started to enjoy her 
presence and behaviour. We arrived at a new club and were escorted to a booth on
the side of  the room. It was a restaurant with a small scene in the middle of
the room. The waitresses  were gorgeous and I wondered how they could have
gathered them at this restaurant at the  same time.

We were served a starter to drink by one of the waitresses whom sat down on my
side after  she had served us.

- This is an attractive man you have found for yourself, she said while looking
at Linda.

- Yes I am quite pleased with him, she replied. You might want to share him with
me?

- Yes I do, when you're ready, just give me a call and we can make the
arrangements. At the same time the waitress strokes my leg and moved up to my
dick and took a firm grip.  As I was drunk by now, I didn't understand that they
had a negation about me. She ended by  giving me a deep kiss where our tongues
met.

The show started while we were served our dinner. Linda touched my leg and took
my hand to put it between her legs and pushed it all the way up to her pussy. It
was wet and I could smell  her sex just sitting there. The show continued while
we ate. They were six beautiful women singing playback and dancing. For each
number they undressed and in the end they only had  their lingerie underwear
left. Then they split up and one of them, our waitress, came to our  table and
started to dance in front of me. Slowly she took of her bra and exposed her
tits. They  were perfect and I just wanted to touch them. At the same time she
moved in front of me took  my head and made me kiss them. I couldn't resist and
I started to lick her nipples. She then  moved over to Linda, where she did the
same thing. Then she placed herself on the table in  front of me took my hands
on each side of her underwear and lied down. She made me take it off  but
instead of a fine juicy pussy a dick appeared. She was a transvestite whom I
just kissed  and licked. Linda moved in and touched the dick gently, while I
just sat there. Linda took my  hand and made me touch the dick a couple of times
before the show was over and the waitress  ended her appearance by kissing both
me and Linda deep. I had had quite a lot of drinks by  then and all the things
that just had happened seemed unreal. We ended our dinner and went  outside for
a taxi that was waiting for us and we returned to the hotel.

Linda insisted on inviting me to her room for a nightcaps and I joined her. When
we came  to her room she made me a drink and started to undress. She then turned
to me and said:

- Thank you very much for tonight. I really enjoyed your company. Now I need you
to join  me in the bathtub. I want someone to rub my shoulders. Get undressed
and hurry on. As I was drunk and paralysed by Linda, I got undressed and joined
her in the bathtub that she  just had poured up for us. I sat on the opposite
side of the tub trying not to touch her.  At the same time she took every chance
to touch me. She placed her legs on each side of me  and squeezed me gently.

- Take the soap and wash my back, she told me after a while. I took the soap and
she turned her back at me. Slowly I started to wash her shoulders and her  back.
Then she turned around.

- Now my tits! I continued to wash her tits. They were wonderful to touch. I
enjoyed every bit of it. Then she  turned away and put one of her legs on my
shoulder and I started to wash her first leg and then  the other. I didn't react
as it was wrong, as a married man. I was too drunk and Linda had  played with me
for several days so I just went along.

- And now the final, she said. Now you shall wash my pussy and when you're done
you will  kiss it gently. She stood up in front of my face and I started to wash
it. When I was done I  gave her pussy a kiss and tried to move my head away. She
stopped me and pushed my head  back to her pussy.

- Not so fast dear. Give me a better kiss and use you tongue as well. I want you
to make me  come. With both her hands on the back of my head I couldn't get
away, so the only choice I had was  licking her pussy. I let my tongue pass over
her clit over and over, until she finally came. I  heard her scream and felt her
tremble.

After this she made me turn around and she started to rub my back and then my
chest and my  legs. She ended it with making me stand up like she had done
before. She washed my dick  clean and then started to play with it. At the same
time she let one of her fingers play with my  ass, which made me even harder. I
came within a minute in her mouth. She swallowed all of it  and then she looked
loving at me and let me sit down in the tub with my back against her tits.  She
held my chest and stroked it gently while she kissed my neck and licked my ear.
Her  hands moved from my chest down to my dick and back again. I guess we stayed
there for half  an hour before we got up. It just felt so good being close,
naked and clean.

When we came into the room she made me sit on the bed and gave me another drink.
I had  lost count of how many drinks and glasses of champagne I had been
drinking by now. I was  quite drunk and at the same time relaxed. She placed
herself behind me, stroke all of my  naked body over and over again. When I
finished my drink she took the command again.

- Now I really want to play with you Steve. All you've been through so far has
been a  foreplay and you've passed all the assignments I have given you. Get up
on the bed and lay  down. I did as she told me to. By now I was used to do as
she said, without arguing. Well on the bed,  she came up to my face and sat down
on me. Now I had her pussy on my nose and my mouth  were somewhere between her
pussy and her asshole.

- Now I want you to open you mouth, stick out your tongue as far as you can. She
said. I want  to ride your tongue in my ass. She moved herself a little bit and
now her ass was over my mouth. I stuck my tongue out and  started slowly to lick
her ass. It was clean after the bath and I played with her slowly. Then I 
penetrated her hole and got inside of her. She trembled and moaned. She started
to move up  and down fucking with my tongue inside of her ass. It was hard to
breath but I could cope  with it. I must say that tasted strong but I didn't
feel bad about the taste. After a while she  stopped and started to fuck my nose
touching her clit. This was much harder as I couldn't  breathe. She started slow
but as she got on she pushed my head hard on to her pussy, not  taking any
notice of that I couldn't breathe. It was all her pleasure that counted and I
was just  her tool. I fainted several times as she rode my nose. When she had
come, she continued to sit  on my face.

It took a couple of minutes before she started to move again.

- Stick your tongue out again, you're not finished. She said. I stuck my tongue
out and she started slowly to ride me again. By now I had learned how to  come
as deep inside of her as possible, thinking that it would please her. Then she
stopped  again with me having my tongue deep inside of her. I felt suddenly how
her belly got hard  and she started to push. I felt something pushing at my
tongue and then I could smell it. She  was shitting with my tongue inside of her
and my mouth wide open.

- Don't turn away you bastard, she said as she pushed my head hard against her.
She continued to push and the shit came slowly out of her hole.

- Take your tongue out now and taste me, she said. I took my tongue out and all
of her load came out all over my face. It was disgusting but I  couldn't do
anything with her in command.

- Good boy, she continued. Now you're messy so I guess I must clean you up. She
lifted her pussy a little bit and started to pee all over my face. I wasn't
prepared so I  almost threw up when it came in my mouth and down my throat.
Still I didn't argue as I was  in no position of doing that. When she was done,
she got off my face and told me:

- Now you can go and clean yourself up. Then you shall return here.

I got up and washed my mouth and face over and over again, to get proper and
clean. Then I  returned to Linda, without knowing what she would do to me. She
sat on the side of the bed.

- Get down on you knees in front of me I took position right in front of her
having a perfect view of her pussy. I expected that she  wanted me to lick her,
but instead she slapped my cheek.

- Steve, I want you to understand what will happen to you if you don't do as I
say. She  slapped me again and continued. From now on you will do as I tell you
to do. You will  remain with your wife when you're off work, but at work you're
mine. She slapped me  twice again. You're expected to travel a lot more in you
job and shall make arrangements  back home to be able to do that. She slapped me
again. Sometimes that will be staying in my  house. I will give you a raise to
make life easier for you to explain. Do you understand? She  asked.

- Yes, I answered.

- Yes mistress, you must reply to me. She slapped me several times. Do it again.

- Yes mistress was my answer.

- Good boy. I shall really enjoy my time with you and I hope you will enjoy it
too. Now I will  tie you up and she showed me a handcuff. Over to the wall
there, she said. I got over to the wall, surprised again. I lifted my arms high
over my head and she fastened it  to a hook on the wall. I couldn't understand
why they had put a hook up there, but I guess this  is something she also had
prepared. She started to touch my body gently and I got a hard-on  right away.
Then she started to slap me. First my dick, then my cheek and all over my body. 
She changed style after a while using her fist instead, beating me harder and
harder. When I  saw her face, I saw how she loved it, beating up a man. It hurt
me and I was doing my best not  to scream. It was hard to stand up, but I had no
choice. I had to keep standing. In the end she  went over to my trousers and
took of the belt. She turned me around and started so spank my  ass harder and
harder. When she stopped, I was all torn up. She released me from the  handcuffs
and let me lie down on the bed for a while. I laid on my stomach on the same bed 
as she had pissed on me. She took my head and made me taste it. Then she showed
me to the  cupboard in the room. She had prepared it with several blankets and
pillows. There was a  bottle of water and a plastic box with a lock.

- This is your new room. I will lock you inside here and bring you out when I'm
ready.  You've got all you need in here; water, blankets and the box in the
corner you may use as  your toilet. She led me inside and closed the door. I
could hear her moving something in front of the  doors and then she looked it
with a key. This was now my cage and I was not able to come  out. I tried to get
as comfortable as possible, and then I fell asleep. I was exhausted of all the 
things that had happened and I had no idea of what time it was.

I woke up when she unlocked the door and sunlight came as soon as she opened it.
My eyes  were not used to the light, so it was hard to see. After a while I got
used to it and saw that  Linda had her lingerie on again. I slowly got up and
she showed me to the table and said.

- I hope you could sleep in your new room, 'because you're going to get a new
treatment  today. First you will have breakfast, under one condition. She took
out a but plug from a bag and laid it in front of me.

- Put that in your ass while you're having your breakfast. If you don't, you
will have no  breakfast at all. I looked at the plug and couldn't imagine
putting that inside of my ass. At the same time I was  hungry and I knew that if
I resisted I would be punished. I could still feel the bruises from last  night
after have been beaten up. I did as I was told and took the plug and tried to
put it inside  of me but failed.

- You pussy, she said. Can't you even get a but plug up your ass. Turn around
and I will help. She took the plug and pushed it inside of me with a firm grip.
It hurt me and I didn't know  what to do. She helped me to sit down and I could
feel the plug. I sat as still as I ever could  while eating my breakfast. When I
was finished she let me let go of the plug and she led me to  my cage again.
Closed the doors and locked it. I could hear her walking around outside but I 
didn't know what she was doing. Finally she opened the door and led me to the
bed where she  placed me with my ass up. Then she took the but plug again and
started to play with me. It  hurt me but after a while I got used to it. Then I
looked at her and I could see that she had put  on a strap-on and after removing
the plug she got on top of me and started to penetrate me  with the strap-on. It
felt like I exploded, but she knew how to play with me and after a couple  of
minutes she started to move in and out of my ass slowly. She came deeper and
deeper  inside of me and I could hear that she enjoyed it. She fucked me for at
least then minutes  before I could hear her come. She slipped out of me and I
could relax. I thought it was over,  but then I heard someone knocking on the
door. Linda got up with her strap-on still attached  to her. She opened the door
and in came the waitress from yesterday, the transvestite.

I realised that it wasn't over. Linda and the waitress kissed each other and the
waitress came  over to me. I was lying in the same position as before and she
touched my back down to my  ass. There she let a finger slip into it.

- Good work you've done Linda. He is already prepared for me. I love that. She
got over to Linda and they started to kiss and get undressed. The waitress got
down and  started to lick Linda's pussy and it didn't take long until she came.
Then the waitress came  over to me. She took her dick and placed to my opening
and made sure that it was in the right  position. Then she pushed hard and
penetrated me all the way in one push. I screamed in pain  as I wasn't prepared
for her and she was both thicker and longer than the dildo. She didn't  care
about me screaming, instead she started to push in and out real hard and it felt
like she  tore my ass to pieces. I don't know how long it took before she came,
but it felt like an  eternity. Anyway finally she came and filled my ass with
her seed. Then she lay down beside  of me and I could see her beautiful tits.
Meanwhile Linda got up on the other side of me and I  was now between them and
they started slowly to touch me. It felt so good after the  penetration I just
received and I guessed that they felt pity for me. That was of course wrong. 
They just prepared themselves for the next phase.

It took half an hour before they moved. The waitress got out of bed and stood up
on the side  and told me to sit up:

- Mister, I want you to kiss my dick. Linda pushed me to sit up. The dick wasn't
hard yet so when I took it in my mouth and it  started to grow. After a minute
it was rock hard and I could only get half of it in my mouth.  She started to
move in and out slowly. I did my best and thought she liked it. The waitress 
stopped and took it out.

- Lay down on the bed mister, I need you to swallow the whole length of me. Put
your head  over the edge so I can get the right angle. I didn't understand what
she meant, but Linda helped me. When I was in the right position, I  saw the
room upside down. The waitress approached and put the dick in my mouth again and 
pushed. She stopped half way and then started to move in and out. I tried not to
touch the dick  with my teeth but it was difficult to stay concentrated. Then
she came deeper inside of me, all  the way down my throat. It was hard to breath
and I started to gag. She didn't bother, instead  she moved faster and faster
enjoying to treat me as her tool of pleasure. I guess I fainted along  the way,
'because I couldn't remember her come. I could just feel the taste of her and
she had  pulled her dick out of my mouth.

Linda told me now to get up from the bed and go over to the wall where she had
tied me up  last night. She had the handcuffs with her and placed me in the same
position again. When she  was done she kissed my neck and let her hand touch me
all the way down over my body.  Then she went over to the waitress and said.

- He is all yours. You can do with him as you please. Last night I beat him up a
little bit but  you can try your features. Linda sat down on the sofa and
watched while the waitress approached me. The first I felt was  her hand on my
back and the other one touching my dick. Then she started to squeeze my dick 
hard and I liked it. Then she let that hand go down to my balls and she squeezed
hard again. I  screamed in pain but she kept her grip for a while. She continued
to hurt me all over the body  dragging her long nails over my skin. After a
while she got over to the table and took out  some clips from a bag. She got
over to me and placed one clip on each nipple and it hurt.  She placed some of
them on my dick and my balls and continued to place some on my but.  When she
was done she took out a whip and started to spank me, all over my body. First
loose  but after a while harder. She kept doing this for quite a while and I
could see Linda in the  corner of my eyes. She enjoyed it, she enjoyed see me
being beaten up by a professional. I  screamed on and on, trying to keep from
crying. All of a sudden the waitress stopped  spanking me and removed the clips.
I thought it was over. Instead she moved over to Linda  and made her suck the
dick. Linda was excellent at it and she could swallow the whole length  without
gagging. I got jealous of her and that she was so good at it, but I guess
practise gives  results.

When they were done without the waitress had come, they both got over to me. I
was made to  spread my legs and the waitress stood behind me and Linda got down
on the knees in front of  me and took my dick in her mouth. I thought she was
supposed to suck me but instead she  took a bite and I screamed. At the same
time the waitress penetrated my ass and it hurt even  more. I screamed and
started to cry.

- Don't, please don't. I begged them but they just laughed

- You wimp, Linda replied. We are going to treat you like we want to and you
can't get out of  it. Keep crying, we will go on until we're finished with you,
she continued. I couldn't think of what she said. Instead I was doing my best to
keep standing up. The  waitress fucked me harder now and Linda continued to bite
my dick and my balls. Then she  got up in front of me, lifted one leg and pushed
my dick into her pussy. I was sandwiched  between Linda and the waitress and
each time the waitress pushed, I came into o Linda's  pussy and when she pulled
back I came out a bit. This was quite a scene. The waitress was  fucking both me
and Linda at the same time. I still was in pain form the dick inside of my ass 
but started to get used to it and with my dick inside Linda's pussy. Finally the
waitress came  in my ass and stopped fucking me. She moved out and Linda took my
dick out of her pussy.  They both slapped me a couple of times and laughing
before they went over to the bed and  started to kiss and hug each other. I was
still tied up and I was in pain of the bruises all over  my body, not to mention
my ass.

Linda and the waitress stared kissing and after a while I heard her say

- Now it is time to end this. I saw the waitress nod and I wondered what they
meant

- Please don't hurt me. I'll do anything but please don't hurt me no more, I
begged They laughed and came over to me. They untied me

- We will not hurt you now, the waitress said. We will just have a little bit
more fun with you.  When they released me, they pushed me down to the floor
standing on all my four.

- First I'm going to ride you like a horse, the waitress said. Go on mister,
take me for a ride  around the room. She sat on my back and I was made crawling
around the room with the waitress on my back.  Then Linda took he place and did
the same. They continued like this for a while, made me act  like a horse, a pig
and a dog. I enjoyed this more than the beating and ass fucking.

- Now I think we can take the last step, Linda said. Don't you think so, she
turned to the  waitress whom replied with a nod.

- Come with me, the waitress said, and we went into the bathroom where she
turned to me.  Jump into the tub, she told me. I stepped into the tub that was
empty.

- You too Linda, I want you in there. She continued. Now get down on your knees
and pull  close together, cheek to cheek.  Now I was on my knees in the tub
together with Linda and the waitress stood in front of us.  Then she started to
pee on both of us. She aimed first at Linda's tits, moved over to mine and  then
up to my face and ended with Linda's face. I knew the taste of pee from
yesterday and it  wasn't too bad. When I watched Linda, I saw how she opened her
mouth and tried to catch it  all. When the waitress was done, Linda turned to me
and gave me a kiss with her mouth  opened. I felt how she had kept some pee in
her mouth and now she poured it over to my  mouth, back and forth until she made
me swallow it. Then Linda got up and said:

- Now it's my turn. I think you better get in, she told the waitress. When the
waitress got in, it splashed from her feet and I noticed that Linda had put the
plug in  the tub to ensure that the pee wasn't wasted right away. The waitress
made me sit down and  she placed herself in front of me. I got a hard-on right
away so she placed it between her  bottoms without any penetration. Linda moved
herself above us, lifted one of her legs and  tried to aim at our faces. The
waitress was even better than Linda to capture what she could  get, so I only
had to take a little bit of it. Just like Linda, she turned to me and made me
kiss  her with open mouth, share what she had inside of her mouth until she
swallowed it.

- Now it's your turn Steve, Linda said, get up and give us what you've got. I
was surprised. Suddenly I was allowed to do something and this could be my
moment of  revenge. Instead I was so turned on of what had happened so I got up
in the tub and tried to  get Linda and the waitress close to each other. I
started with their faces but aimed most of it at  their wonderful tits. When I
was done, I got down on my knees and started to lick their tits  clean. Now I
really liked the salty taste while playing with the nipples. The tub held quite
a  volume of pee right now and both Linda and the waitress took pee in their
hands and poured it  over their faces and down over their tits. This continued
for a while, but finally there wasn't  much left in the tub. Then Linda said.

- I think we've had a nice time and I think it's about time to clean up
ourselves.  After that we turned on the shower and washed each other, without
any beating or hurting. It  was wonderful to feel these four soft hands all over
my body. Just as good as it felt to wash  the four tits, the dick and the pussy.
When we were done Linda showed me to the sofa and  gave me a blanket so I
shouldn't freeze. The waitress put on her clothes, gave me a warm kiss  went
over to Linda and gave her a hug and a kiss before she left.

Now I was alone with Linda again. I wondered what she would do, but instead of
putting me  in the cage, she picked up a blanket for herself and sat beside me
on the sofa. She gave me a  kiss without a word and it felt so good.

- You're so kind to me, I said, you're so kind.

- Would you like something to eat? She asked I nodded and she went up and
ordered room service for us. When it came, we ate and started  to talk about
work like nothing had happened the past 24 hours. It got late and we went to
bed.  I was allowed to lie beside of her, naked close together. The only thing
that remained of what  had happened was that every time she needed to pee, I had
to go with her and lick her pussy  clean afterwards. This continued the next two
days on the training. I was with her all the time,  holding her hand and licking
her clean.

Later on the Friday, we headed home and I arrived at the office. Before we split
up, Linda  gave me a hug while we kissed for a while. Then she said.

- Now you're mine, don't forget that  I didn't answer, instead I looked at her
in a way that confirmed that I agreed. Then I went  home and thought about how I
should explain what had happened at the training. I was sure  that she would be
delighted by my new position even though it would mean "travelling". As  long as
she didn't know what kind of travelling, it would not be any problem.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





