BDSM Library - Westworld




Westworld
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two bored american girls are going on a holliday with their families. Failure to read the instructions when visiting a theme park gets them both on the menu.
Westworld

The ride from the holiday resort by the coast, through the old desert road and
into the ancient Wild West  town of Tabernas was long and hot. Even though they
were driving in air-conditioned busses to the  supposedly unique must-see town
near Almeria in southern Spain, Trine still felt the warm sun was  torturing her
skin through the large windows. She was sixteen and on vacation with her family.
Her  brother, Lou, was sitting in the seat in front of her. He had really looked
forward to this trip. She  wondered why. Just some old western town rebuild for
tourists, in the middle of nowhere. What could  possibly be so interesting about
that? She smiled to her friend Christina, who sat in the seat next to her.  They
were in the same class and were always together. Trine and Christina had talked
their parents into  going on vacation together this year, and they had agreed.
They had spend over a week at a camping site  by the water here in Spain and it
had been great so far; lots of lying on the beach and dancing in the  evening.
She and Christina both agreed that most Spanish boys were cute and good-looking,
even if they  didn't understand any English and the girls didn't understand
Spanish. Anyway, flirting was an  international language, so who cared?

So, on this wonderful, beach-inviting, hot day, what were they doing on a bus in
the middle of a dry  desert? There they sat, the seven of them, their parents
chatting away, Lou reading his silly comics and  Trine and Christina just dozing
away in their hot seats. Trine thought of the cute boys they had met down  by
the beach the other day. They had looked to dark and mysterious. Trine certainly
realised that she was  became aroused as she sat there thinking of them,
fantasising about their bodies and what they wanted to  do to her and Christina.
She could feel her crack becoming wet and wished she could rub herself just a 
little. She and Christina had helped each other shave their pussies all bare
yesterday. They had started out  in the shower by just doing their bikini lines,
so they could wear their mini-bottoms on the beach, but had  ended up daring
each other to shave it all off. It had been really exciting, and they had to do
each others to  get it all off. Afterwards, they were terrified that their
parents or Lou might find out, but they figured they  would be able to keep the
secret until it grew out again. Now, she could feel her G-string panties
touching  her most sensitive parts with no bush to separate the fabric from her
pussy lips. This probably also meant  that her panties had a wet spot by now,
she realised, and wished she had worn a longer skirt today. This  one barely
covered her ass.

- What are you thinking about? giggled Christina with a whisper when she saw her
friend squirm her ass  absentmindedly back and forth on the seat.

- Oh just... you know, things you think about when you're bored! smiled Trine
and tried to pull her skirt  down a little.

- I know! sighed Christina and rolled her eyes, - What do all these people want
out here? Why aren't we  on the beach now?

- Well, it must be something! said Trine and looked out the window. Several
busses full of people were  driving in the same direction. Oh, even if there is
something to see, the place will be crowded with  tourists, she thought. She
turned to look around the bus. Funny, she hadn't noticed that more than half the 
people in the bus were clearly Spanish. Hm, could still be tourists from other
parts of Spain. Many of the  families on board were reading and eagerly
discussing brochures and guidebooks about the place they  were going to visit.
Trine tried to listen in on their discussions, but all the people around her
were either  Spanish or Germans. Trine and Christina hadn't bothered to find out
what the place really was. Their  moms given them some brochures and folders
last night and said it would be a good idea to read them  before they went, but
as usual they had just ignored them and gone dancing instead. When they came 
home late last night they had met Christina's mom who had been quite insistent
that they read the papers  through.

- Say, do you have the folders your mom gave us? asked Trine.

- Ah no, I think we left them in our room! Did you read them?

- No! Well anyway, it's probably like Westworld in California. Remember when we
went there?

- Yeah, some cowboys and a few fake indians! Christina sighed again. This was
going to be a dull day  indeed, and a waste of good beach hours too. The girls
talked about the boys on the beach for another half  hour, when suddenly the
Spanish tour guide came around and handed out a form to all the passengers. 
Trine and Christina looked at the pink slips, which were mostly in Spanish. They
did understand,  however, where to fill in their names and passport numbers.
Just like in the airport, Trine thought, red  tape everywhere in this silly
country.

- You DID read the folders last night on how to do these? asked Trine's mom
sharply from behind the  girls' seat. They both jumped and automatically nodded
at her.

- Sure, no problem! grinned Trine and they both giggled. They didn't want their
moms to get all upset of  them not having read the brochures, so they just
pretended to know what they were doing and filled out  the pink slip. There were
some choice-boxes under their names, but the girls didn't understand what the 
text meant. Trine leaned over and had a look at what a Spanish girl and her
mother in the seats on the  other side of the aisle had checked. Then she
checked the same boxes on her own slip and Christina  copied it.

- Are you sure you have done it right? asked Christina's mom when the tour guide
came down the aisle to  collect the slips,  - Do you want me to look them over?

- Aem, no, we're okay! said Christina, not wanting her mom to see if they had
done something wrong.  Anyway, it was probably just some declaration that they
wouldn't steal anything from the Westworld or  something like that. No big deal.
The girls gave the slips to the female guide who looked them over  briefly and
smiled at them. Then she gave them to Christina's mom for signatures.

- Girls, are you SURE you read the brochures I gave you? she said, leaning over
to them.

- YES we did!!! said Trine, knowing they couldn't admit lying now without lots
of trouble.

- Well, okay, then you sure are braver than I would have thought! Then she
signed Christina's form and  Trine's mom signed her daughters before they handed
them over again to the guide.

- What did she mean by that? whispered Trine nervously to her friend.

- I have no idea! We'll just have to go along and see. Finally, the bus reached
their destination. It stopped at a dusty parking lot outside the Westworld 
entrance. As the people left the bus, they were all handed a tag to put around
their necks from the tour  guide. Trine noticed that while the rest of the
family got green tags, she and Christina had to wear red  tags. As she looked
around, she saw that they weren't the only ones with red tags. Around one third
of the  passengers got those as well, but funny enough they were all girls or
women, most of them from their age  and up to the mid-thirties.

- Well, girls, since you've decided to participate in the show, I guess we'll
see you later somewhere inside!  smiled Trine's dad and gave his daughter a hug.

- Yeah, we're very proud of you! Good luck! said Christina's mom and also hugged
her daughter.

- Ae, yes! See you later! giggled Christina and the girls both waved their
families goodbye. The others  went up to the entrance with the guides and the
people from the other busses.

- Well, it seems we don't have to spend the entire day with our parents!
,giggled Trine and put her arm  around her friends shoulders, - Let's go and
browse in the souvenir shops!

- Yeah, but what did they mean by...? asked Christina but then just shrugged her
shoulders and went with  Trine up to the entrance. All the guests with green
tags had already disappeared into the crowd of people  between the wooden
houses. As far as Trine could see this was just another Westworld, with main
street,  barber shop, undertaker and all that came with these tourist traps. Up
by the "city gate" stood some sixty  or seventy girls and women with red tags.
They were allowed in one at a time by some men dressed up as  cowboys, of
course. Trine couldn't really see clearly from her place in the line of girls,
but it seemed that  they had to change into something else once inside the gate.
At least, she caught glimpses of half naked  girls undressing behind the
cowboys. The girls got a bit uneasy by this.

- I guess we have to dress up as cowgirls or something! suggested Christina.

- Hmm, and become "part of the show" as dad said! nodded Trine.

- Oh hey, did you see that? said Christina suddenly and pointed at an old horse
carriage leaving from the  other side of the entrance to drive into the town.
They only just saw it for a second before it took off, but  they were not in
doubt that the open cage on the wooden carriage was loaded with stark naked
girls, ten or  more.

- What the...??? What is this show? said Trine, obviously nervous by now. The
girls wanted to turn  around and go back to the bus, but were pushed forward by
the many other girls behind them. Most of  them were Spanish and they were all
chatting and laughing as if looking forward to getting in. Trine was  first to
reach the gate and her tag was examined by the cowboy. He said something in
Spanish that she  didn't understand and then pointed her over to the large group
of girls in front of them who either had or  were in the middle of undressing
themselves. She reluctantly joined them and waited for Christina to  follow.

- I think we're supposed to ... aeh ... get naked! said Christina and slowly
started unbuttoning her thin  blouse. Trine didn't move, but then a Spanish girl
next to her, already down to her underwear, said in very  bad English: - You...
dress off!

- I think you're right! sighed Trine and also started to shed her clothes. After
a few minutes they both  stood in the nude together with the other girls under
the baking sun. They learned that they had to put  their clothes into the wooden
barrels next to the gate.

- How will we find our own again later? asked Christina as she put her clothes
into the barrel, - I mean,  it'll get all mixed up now!

- I don't know! Trine's voice trembled. She couldn't believe this was happening.
Suddenly one of the  cowboys gestured to the girls to follow him to a horse
carriage like the one they had seen just before.  Trine and Christina were
ushered up into the cage together with at least ten other girls of their own
age.  Then the gate was slammed shut and the carriage took off at a slow pace.
Trine and Christina were both  pushed up against one side of the cage, so their
breasts stood out between the wooden bars. There was not  enough room to sit
down, so they were totally exposed from where they stood. They looked out on the 
street where all the other guests from the busses walked around and enjoyed the
Westworld town. Many  smiled and waved at the carriage as it passed them in a
leisurely pace. Some of the girls in the cage waved  back and talked to people
they knew on the street. The girls got a real tour around the town and Trine 
believed this was part of the show.

The state of things slowly began to dim for the girls. This was one of these
Dolcett non-governmental  zones which they had heard existed in some European
countries. So this was why their moms had wanted  them to read the brochures
before they went. And now they had unknowingly turned their bodies and  lives
over to this show. The girls talked a little and quickly agreed, that they
probably wouldn't leave this  place alive. Not unless they found their families
and could make them do something.

Somehow, Trine wasn't surprised when they passed an old hanging place and saw
three naked girls  hanging by their necks in the gallows, side by side, still
kicking and twitching. A long line of nude girls  and women waited for their
turn next to them. A large audience yelled and shouted eagerly while the girls 
in the ropes slowly strangled to death for their entertainment.


The carriage drove on and also passed a barbeque area, where girl meat was
served for the guests. Trine  nearly fainted when she saw whole, spitted girls
turning slowly over the coal filled roasting pits. An  aroma of sweet barbecued
meat filled the air. Surprisingly, many of the other girls in the cage were 
clearly excited by the sight of the barbecue area and began to talk loud and
point out different body parts  of themselves to each other.

- I believe they are discussing cooking recipes! said Christina and gulped.

- I know! It's too much ... I am going to...! Trine was cut of by a Spanish
woman in her thirties standing  next to her, who lifted up Trines left tit and
weighed it in her hand. Space was too tight for Trine to back  away and she
didn't want to be rude and brush off the woman's hand, so she just let her
fondle her while  Christina looked in amusement. The woman smiled and suggested
something in Spanish, and a few of the  other girls laughed and also felt her
breasts. Trine had great shaped C-cupped breasts, just a bit large for  her
otherwise slim body. She was surprised to find that she felt a certain pride in
the fact, that the girls  were discussing her breasts like this.

- I think they are making plans for your tits! laughed Christina, and Trine
couldn't help laughing back.  Even if the girls didn't understand a word, they
eased up a bit and tried to enjoy the situation as most of  the other girls
apparently did. The Spanish girls, all lean and with relatively small breast,
thought the  white Americans had interesting bodies, and particularly their
large breasts were in focus. Christina also  had to allow the ladies to feel her
tits. They were quite a bit larger than Trine's and softer. Trine tried to  make
a joke of the peculiar situation:

- Hm, yes, I think we'll have these roasted with onions! she laughed while
massaging Christina's large  breasts in her hands. Christina giggled and started
commenting on Trine's shaved pussy, calling it a fillet  suitable for grilling.
Thus chatting and starting to enjoy the ride, they passed other scenes of female 
humiliation and execution. Next to the barbeque area was a decapitation area
where girls had their head  cut off either in a large guillotine or by axe. They
also passed crucified girls on a small hill and even saw  girls shooting each
other for real in a pistol duel. Clearly, in here the girls were just
entertainment and  meat, and the thought made Trine and Christina angry,
frightened and excited at the same time.

- VENGA VENGA !!! ,yelled the cowboys as they had finally arrived at their
destination. At the far end  of the main street was a large, outdoor holding
pen, enclosed only by wooden fence but guarded by  several burly-looking cowboys
with guns. Inside stood several hundred naked girls and women and  waited for
their destiny. The carriage was unloaded and the girls were guided through a
chute into the  holding area. They had to wait in line before being allowed into
the enclosure. Two men sorted those few  girls out who had not shaved their
bodies completely, and quickly did them using electric razors not  unlike those
used to cut sheep's wool.

- Well, I'm glad we did ours yesterday! sighed Trine as she witnessed how rough
the cowboys handled the  girls they shaved, turning them around like animals.

- Yeah, quite a coincidence! nodded Christina and fully agreed with her friend.
A few girls ahead of them,  the "meat" was weighed on a large scale. As the
girls stood and chatted under the hot sun, they suddenly  heard familiar voices.

- There they are, not even graded yet! Hi girls! ,sounded the voice of Trine
mom. The girls turned around  and faced their families, who eagerly greeted them
from the other side of the cattle fence.

- Oh, hi mom! Trine didn't know what else to say.

- Well, I see that you two had it all planned out, huh? smiled Christina's mom
and reached in to gently  caress her daughters shaved filet with the back of her
hand, - I would never have guessed!

- No, I am surprised too. And very proud of you! smiled Trine's mom, - But you
know, Lou here is a bit  disappointed!

- Eh, really, why is that? asked Trine, surprised that her brother cared at all
about her.

- Yes, well, we might as well tell you now! laughed her mom,  - We had actually
planned to surprise you  once inside by letting Lou sell your bodies on auction!

- What??? How could you...? Trine was getting really angry now. Her own parents
had wanted to sell her  body off as meat. So even if they hadn't accidentally
volunteered, they would have been snuffed.

- Anyway, you completely took us by surprise! ,her mother continued, ignoring
her daughters protests and  looked her naked body over again, - And what a
wonderful surprise!

- So, how do you hope to go out? asked Christina's mom, - Have you got a
favourite fantasy?

- Eh, well, perhaps the ... axe? said Christina, trying to think of something
that would kill her fast and  painlessly.

- Oh, I see! said her mother, - Well, personally I hope you get to hang or roast
alive! Sorry to say so, hon.  but that would be much more entertaining to watch!

- Mom, can't you talk to the guards and see if we can get Trine to be spit
roasted! asked Lou suddenly. He  had been busy watching the naked girls in the
pen, but suddenly thought it would be great to watch his  little sister turn
over the coals. Trine eyed him with a killer look, which only made him even more 
determined to make sure she was spitted alive.

- Hm, I guess not! Their fait is really not ours to control, now that they have
turned themselves in  voluntarily. Sorry Lou, we'll have to wait and see what
the cowboys decide! Oh, it's your turn now, girls!  We will be sure to try to
find you however they decide to snuff you!

- Yes, and if we miss your snuffing somehow we'll try to find out where your
meat will be prepared so  that we at least can get a taste! her dad added. He
and Christina's dad where as busy as Lou with watching  and commenting on the
naked girls behind the fence. They hardly looked as if they cared about their
own  girls.

- Okay, thanks, I guess! said Trine and waved her family goodbye. She
absentmindedly watched as  Christina stepped up on the large scale before them
and was weighed. Two men in dirty, bloody butcher's  aprons took down her data
and quickly felt her meat quality with their large hands. At last, they wrote 
down some numbers and codes on a small, white plastic tag with a ring in it, and
using a hand-held  piercing-gun they shot the ring of the tag through
Christina's cunt lip. She squeaked a little and was then  released into the
holding pen. Trine got the same treatment and soon after joined her friend
standing by  the fence and watching a new load of girls being delivered in the
carriage.

- Well, I never knew I'd be pierced just there! laughed Trine and lifted up in
her cunt tag.

- You know, it didn't hurt as much as you would think! said Christina and also
studies her tag.

- We really are just meat now?! sighed Trine, - How do you feel?

- Hm, okay actually! I mean, you heard our parents; we were going to be snuffed
anyway and now we  kind of took them by surprise!

- Yeah, and ourselves! Well, I'm glad Lou didn't get his way! smiled Trine.
Suddenly a red-haired girl  with freckles joined them by the fence.

- Hello, are you British as well? asked the girl in a perfect Oxford English.

- Eh no, Americans! said Trine, - Why are you here?

- Oh, my parents let me volunteer! she smiled, - Isn't it wonderful, this place?

- I guess! said Christina and introduced her and Trine to the girl, whose name
was Laura. She was  seventeen and quite a treat, with large round tits and a
swollen cunt filet. She was obviously very aroused  by the situation. They
learned that she would like to be picked for the barbecue, but she had a feeling
her  father tried to talk some people into hanging her instead.

- Anyway, hanging wouldn't be too bad either! she agreed, - I mean, all those
people looking straight up  into you while you squirm and writhe for your life
... that's really something!

- Maybe you're right! said Trine and actually meant it this time. Standing here
naked in the hot sun with  hundreds of other girls, being looked over like
animals by people walking by and knowing they will  eventually snuff and eat you
was beginning to turn her on. Sometimes a few cowboys would ride into the 
holding pen on horses and pick out girls they needed using their whips to usher
them forward to the chute  where a carriage would be waiting for them. If the
girls didn't comply, and this happened once in a while,  they would either whip
them hard a few times until they moved or use their lasso to put a rope around 
their necks and drag them along in the dust. Most girls only needed one slash
with the whip before they  obeyed, while others apparently enjoyed being lassoed
and dragged after the horse like a piece of cattle.  The girls certainly didn't
want to hurry things on so they stayed near the fence where they figured they 
would be picked last by the horsemen. Also they didn't want to get separated so
whenever the cowboys  came into pick girls out they stayed close together.
Somehow, they agreed that they would like to go out  together, when the time
came.

- Well, I think I'll try my chances now! I can't stand this excitement any
longer! said Laura and shook her  red hair out before starting to walk towards
the two horsemen who just entered the holding pen. She  looked back one last
time at the girls and shouted: - I hope this lot is for the barbecue!!!

- Good luck! yelled Trine back as Laura joined the three girls one of the men
already had collected in  front of his horse. He apparently accepted Laura as
part of the catch and poked them all with his whip to  get them to go into the
loading chute. In there, the girls' hands were tied behind their backs before
they  were lifted up into the cage in the carriage. Trine and Christina watched
as Laura and ten or so other girls  of her age were transported away from the
holding pen to meet their fate.

- Hi girls, how are you doing? It was Lou, who had sneaked up on them while they
had been busy looking  after Laura, - Nice tags you got there! Do they hurt?

- No, not really! said Trine quickly, eager not to let him think they were in
pain or sorry in any way.

- Well, anyway, mom told me to say hi and see if you were picked yet!

- Okay, yeah, not just yet! Do you know where that last load of girls was going?
She was curious as to  what was in store for Laura.

- Let's see! Lou squirmed his eyes against the strong sun and tried to spot the
carriage, - Yeah, I think it's  headed for the gallows. Mom and dad are having
tea at a cafe just opposite, and they are really having fun  watching the girls
swing! They hope you end up there too!

- I see! How nice of them! Trine was being sarcastic, but that didn't have any
effect on Lou. Like their  parents he thought the girls had chosen this
themselves and didn't feel any sympathy with them.

- I gotta run now, girls, but try to be picked soon if you want us to see you
go, 'cause I don't think we'll  stay here much longer than a few hours! said Lou
and turned to walk away.

- Hey, you ARE having lunch here, right? yelled Christina, and Lou just nodded
before he ran off.

- We better get going then! sighed Trine, who after all didn't want to be left
behind to be snuffed in front  of only strangers. Besides, she would like her
parents to taste her meat now that she would be gone  anyway.

- Yeah, I guess you're right. Let's try to get picked together in the next
round! agreed Christina and  walked with her friend into the middle of the pen.
Other girls, many of them sisters or mothers and  daughters tried to stay close
in there to be snuffed together. When the cowboys came riding in a little  while
later, the girls ran around and screamed and laughed; some to try to escape and
some to try to be  picked together. Trine saw Christina being whipped once on
her bottom and forced to run with three  others in front of the horse. She tried
to catch up, but was knocked over by the other horse. Fortunately,  she managed
to get up and join two girls in front of the third horse and get into the chute
with her friend.  They were ten girls having their hands tied behind their
backs, when the picking was over. Most were the  same age as Trine and
Christina, but there were also two mothers, one with one daughter and the other 
with two daughters. They had been lucky to be picked together and happily
chatted as they were pushed  into the carriage.

- I wonder if any of them know where we are going? asked Trine and tried to make
sense of the Spanish  gibberish around her.

- I doubt it! said Christina and looked out over the horse and driver to see if
she could determine in which  direction they were heading. She let out a
disappointed sigh as they passed the guillotine-area without  slowing down, -
Damn, that would have been quick!

- Uh uh, I have a bad feeling! said Trine as they got near the barbecue area.
The driver turned into the  area and stopped the carriage. This is it, though
Trine, Lou will get his way with me after all! It was high  noon and there were
hundreds of guests sitting around long wooden tables and eating lunch. The
guests  were protected from the hot sun by large shades set up over the tables.
They were served their meals by  stark naked girls with pussy tags, like Trine's
and Christina's. As the load of new girls was led from the  carriage and into
the cooking area, they passed between the tables and their future fate was
displayed for  them in all its gory. On the guest's plates were whole or
quartered tits, roasted golden brown, juicy cunt  steaks and all other
imaginable girl meat cuts. There were whole spitted girls being carried from the 
roasting pits to the carving tables and they passed large pots with girls being
boiled in soups. It was a  scene taken from the Gates of Hell. Yet, something
did not fit with Trine's conception of Hell. First of all, the air was filled
with laughter and  small-talk, from all the guests. Second, the meat girls
didn't seem frightened at all. On the contrary, they  all seemed happy and
excited and laughed and talked as much as the guests. And most importantly,
Trine  wasn't scared either, or even sad. She had an odd feeling of
self-fulfilment, of meaning and of great  sexual excitement. She realised that
she had no problems imagining herself turning over the coals and still  feeling
aroused. The only thing that bothered her about having a steel spit rammed
through her body was  the fact, that her brother Lou would get a kick out of
watching it. Oh, never mind him. She wouldn't let  him spoil her last fun.

- Oh, I may still get my wish! smiled Christina when the girls had reached what
was clearly some sort of  meat preparation area, between the tables and the
grills. She watched intensely as a cook swung an axe  over a young girls, whose
head rested on a wooden block. She seemed calm enough but still let out a 
scream when the axe began to fall. She was cut off by the chunk of the axe and
her head rolled into the  dust. Her body jerked back and fell trembling beside
her head. Christina saw how the girls face lit up in a  final smile as she was
able to watch her dying body next to her. Then she closed her eyes and was
still.

- Hm, yeah, I guess I would prefer the spits after all, then! sighed Trine. She
couldn't believe she just said  that. Christina just giggled and watched as the
next girl was beheaded. The headless bodies were strung  up by the feet and hung
side by side from a wooden bar. The butchers worked to gut and clean the dozen 
or so bodies before they were taken down and cut up in parts to throw on the
grills. However, only few  girls went that way. Bu far the most were prepared
for live cooking, either spitted, tied to grills, oven- roasted or boiled in
soup pots.

- Oh, seems this is goodbye! said Christina and kissed Trine on the cheek before
a cook grabbed her by  her tied wrists and pulled her aside. Trine was left
alone and watched as the cook prodded and picked  among the girls until he had
collected five. They were all a bit on the plumb side, like Christina, and had 
large breasts. The girls' tits were indeed what they had been selected for. The
cook rubbed their ample  breasts with cooking oil and garnished with salt and
pepper. Then he ordered the first girl, standing next  to Christina, to kneel
down beside a grill. Two girls were already roasting on the grill, but the cook 
commanded the girl to lean over at let her tits rest on the hot metal. She
complied with an uncertain smile  and her face was distorted when her delicate
breasts hissed and sprouted on the grill. Christina was next  and also tried to
be brave. Soon, the five girls sat side by side and had their tits grilled while
striving to  keep the tears back. The cook used a fork to stab and turn the tits
once in a while. When they were all a  nice golden brown, he let the girls stand
up again. Some assistants hung a serving tray around the neck of  each girl, so
their smoking tits rested on the tray. Trine watched in awe as the assistants
then each led a  girl down among the tables and offered slices of tit meat to
the guests as small snacks.

- Hello dear! said Christina's dad, as she was led down to their families table.

- Oh, hi dad, hi mom! How are you?

- Fine honey, and you're doing well too I see? said her mom and nodded to the
assistant to indicate that  they would like a few slices.

- Yes ... ough... I guess! Christina whined as the female assistant sliced her
nipple off and continued into  her left breast. Her right tit was almost gone
already.

- How is Trine? Have they snuffed her yet? asked Trines mom curiously.

- I don't know? We both got here together but I was picked before her!

- Well, I will try to find her later! You have a good time now!

- Thanks, I will! sighed Christina as she was led on to the next table. After a
few tables, her tits were all  cut down and she was taken back to the
preparation area. To her great relief, she saw that some of the  other girls on
the tit-grill had been decapitated and she willingly ran over to the block to
wait for the axe.  There was only one girl in line if front of her and as soon
as the axeman had done her, Christina smiled  and kneeled down to rest her head
on the blood-moist wood. She didn't feel anything as the axe sliced  through her
neck and separated her head from her body, but the world tumbled around a few
times. She  was amazed at how long she was conscious afterwards. A woman grabbed
her head by the hair and threw  it in a basket on top of dozens of other girls'
heads. From there, she saw her body being strung up and cut  open by the
butchers. She even just managed to see Trine being led past her along with a few
other girls,  before everything blacked out.

Trine did not see Christina being executed. She was busy sucking one of the
cook's large dick behind the  preparation tables. She and a few others had been
ordered to "service" the kitchen staff during their break  and so far she had
swallowed three of her future executioner's sperm. She only wished her hands
were not  tied behind her back so she could play a little with herself too. This
day had certainly turned out  unexpected, she thought, as the cook came in her
mouth and send loads of semen down her throat.  Finally, they had had enough,
and Trine was commanded to follow the man she had just given the last  blowjob.
He carried four steel spits and Trine and the other three girls knew what was in
store for them.  Live spitting! Nothing less! Trine was wetter than ever when
they leaned her over a table, ass pushed up  towards the cook. The almost came
when he inserted the spit in her swollen cunt and started to push it in.  In one
long movement, he pushed the steel all the way through her tense body and out
through her  trembling lips. From that point, everything happened in flashes
with dark intervals in between. She felt  being lifted up on the spit and
carried between the tables towards the coal pits. She remenbered seeing her 
familiy as they waved at her from their table. She couldn't hear what her mom
said, but she tried to smile  around the spit. Next, she remebered the heat, the
sizzling, the barbecue-sauce on her body and the sight  of the other girls'
bodies turning next to her. She came many times while writhing on the spit,
huging it  with her cunt muscles. The black periods got longer and in the end
she didn't wake up again.

On the bus home to the holliday village, space was much more ample than on the
way into the dessert.  More than half of the original passengers "stayed
behind". The families of the girls laughed and talked  about the wonderful day,
and many had leftover meat cuts from their dear ones with them in plastic bags 
and containers. The two families agreed that this was not their last visit to
such a place, only next time  Trine and Christina's moms would have to
participate in the entertainment themselves.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Splyf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





