BDSM Library - 2nn




2nn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Pete marries an evil bitch who turns him into a brutally controlled sissy-slave. No matter what happens, its always for the worse.
Alice
By 2NN

This story is strictly for adults. If you are minor or if you are offended by 
stories with a sexual content, don't read any further. 

Chapter 1
Pete thought he was a very lucky guy. In his early twenties he was quite rich, 
having inherited a fortune from his late parents. Because of his relative wealth 
he didn't have to work, opting instead to spend his time on pursuits he found 
worthwhile. Things like lying around by the pool and taking long vacations. He 
didn't really have any close friends, but that didn't matter now that he had met 
the woman of his dreams. Angela was absolutely beautiful: long blonde hair, blue 
eyes and a killer body: the body of an athlete. With her 5'10" she was taller 
than Pete. In fact Pete didn't quite understand what she saw in him. He was no 
more than 5'5" and weighed a measly 115 pounds. The fact that he was so small 
had always made it hard for him to find girlfriends, but with Angela everything 
had been like a dream. They had clicked immediately and after dating for about 
eight months they had married. Pete thought that life looked good.

The honeymoon had been fantastic. Angela and Pete had vacationed in a very 
exclusive resort in the Caribbean and Angela had certainly made sure that they 
celebrated their wedding properly. She had made a point of having sex at least 
four times a day. And not just any old, tired routine sex. She had proven to be 
very demanding and very proficient in bed. She almost always rode on top and she 
always made sure that the orgasms were nothing short of amazing. When she didn't 
ride Pete long and hard, she gave him blowjobs that made him scream with 
pleasure. After three days he had become hopelessly addicted to her, unable to 
keep his hands off her. On the plane ride home he had been so horny that it had 
been necessary for her to give him a hand job while the others were sleeping.

When they returned to their very large mansion the amazing sex continued. Angela 
made sure that Pete had at least four mind-blowing orgasms a day. It became a 
routine where Pete became more and more addicted to Angela's touch. She in turn 
took over the household completely, among other things hiring new help to 
replace the old. She also had some modifications made to the basement. When Pete 
inquired what they were, she told him that she was making a special playroom and 
that she would reveal it to him on his birthday. Pete's birthday was just around 
the corner so he would see it soon enough and when she took his throbbing member 
in her hand he promptly forgot all about it.

On the morning of his twenty-third birthday Angela woke him up by gently licking 
his dick. Pete awoke as his member began to throb with need and he prepared 
himself for yet another fantastic orgasm. But this time it didn't come. Angela 
held him on the edge forever and when he opened his eyes and looked down to see 
what the hang-up was, she smiled mischievously back at him: "Happy birthday 
darling," she said. "I have a very special surprise for you, but you will have 
to be patient." She held up a piece of black cloth and explained that she wanted 
him to wear a blindfold so that the present would remain a surprise until the 
last moment. He didn't hesitate for long; he was much too horny for that. A few 
minutes later she led him blindfolded through the house. He was naked and she 
led him by his erect member down the stairs and into the basement. While still 
stroking his throbbing cock she said: "Hold out your hands. There is just one 
more little thing we need to do before I remove your blindfold." Without 
thinking he held out his hands and felt a pair of handcuffs close around his 
right wrist first before closing around his left. He was just about to object 
when Angela increased her stroking and brought him to a massive orgasm, which 
made his knees buckle beneath him, almost causing him to fall. When he had 
sprayed his load Angela still held his cock and asked: "Ready darling?" He had 
barely replied before she removed his blindfold. After blinking at the light a 
few times he saw the changes she had made to the basement. They were massive. 
She had transformed the whole basement into a very large dungeon, equipped with 
racks, cages, chains and whole lot of other stuff Pete didn't recognize. He was 
just about to ask what this was all about when Angela said, in a very menacing 
tone: "Welcome to your new home, you useless piece of shit!" With that she 
slammed her knee into his groin, making him double over in pain and fall to his 
knees. As he lay there trying to catch his breath he heard the sound of motor. 
He soon found out that the sound came from a motor winch, pulling a chain 
connected to his handcuffs. Soon his hands were raised above his head and he was 
forced to stand up. The winch continued pulling until he was pulled off his 
feet, his toes dangling a couple of inches above the ground. The pain in his 
wrists was bad and his crotch was sore and he didn't understand what was 
happening as Angela stood in front of him. He opened his mouth to ask her but 
his questions were cut short as she once again drove her knee into his groin. 
His crotch exploded with pain as she shouted into his face: "Silence! You 
useless worm, you are not allowed to speak unless I expressly order you to!" 
Pete tried to croak yet another question but was once again stopped as Angela 
grabbed his balls and squeezed them viciously. His vision blackened and he heard 
her shout more abuse at him.
While he recovered somewhat Angela forced his mouth open and jammed a very 
large, black ball-gag into it. In too much pain to try and shout, the only sound 
he managed was a weak gurgling. Angela laughed at his weakness before talking to 
him: "Worthless shit!" she spat at him. "I've wanted to do this for so long. Now 
its finally time. As you are no doubt too stupid to have guessed what it 
happening, I'll tell you. Just this once I'll tell you what's going on. The rest 
of the time you will be treated according to your position: that of a slave." 
Pete couldn't believe his own ears and Angela saw this and smiled: "Yes, you 
heard me correctly slave. I married you with this one objective in mind: turning 
you into my slave and stealing your fortune." Pete started to thrash and scream 
into his gag, trying to object to Angela's plan, but he ceased his struggling 
when she grabbed his balls very firmly and gave him a warning look: "Good slave. 
You can be taught." Pete's face burned with shame at how easily he was 
controlled. Angela saw this and laughed as she continued: "As I said, this is 
the first step in my plan to steal your money. I promise that a month from now 
you will have signed over all your money to me and in three months our divorce 
will go through. After that you will disappear from public view." When Angela 
saw Pete's alarm at this statement and chuckled: "Oh, don't worry little slave. 
I won't kill you, though you might wish that I had. No, I'm going to turn you 
into a feminized little shemale slave. In six months you will be sporting an 
impressive pair of tits and I promise you that will be willing to do anything, 
and I do mean absolutely anything, for your mistress or master. I am going to 
make sure that you are turned into the most docile and obedient little slave 
bitch in the world, don't you worry about that." To make her point Angela 
finished the sentence by squeezing Pete's balls viciously. He thrashed as he 
tried to get out of her grip, but she held on until he hung limp in defeat. Then 
she continued: "Before we begin in earnest I will tell you few simple rules. 
There is a whole set of them and I promise that you will know all of them by 
heart, but for know these two will do. First of all: don't think for yourself, 
just obey the orders that are given to you, no matter who gives them. Remember 
that you are the lowest slave-shit in the world. Everyone has more right to 
decide over you, than you have yourself. Secondly: never speak unless ordered 
to. A slaves voice is only tolerable when the slave is screaming in pain. Now 
let's get to work." It turned out the winch and the chain he hung from, ran on a 
rail in the ceiling and now Angela dragged Pete by his balls along the rail to a 
corner of the dungeon. "Wait here," she said and left him dangling from his 
wrists. As she walked away Pete tried to comprehend what was happening. He 
couldn't believe that his loving wife had turned out to be a completely vicious 
bitch, a gold digger only after his fortune.

When he had hung there for quite a while, his hands and wrists almost numb, 
Angela returned. Only now she didn't look anything like the sweet girl he had 
married. On her feet were knee-high, red leather boots with six-inch stilettos. 
She wore what looked like a very revealing bathing suit made of red rubber, open 
at the crotch, displaying her blonde bush. On her hands and arms were red, 
rubber opera gloves and in her right hand she held a riding crop. She looked 
very sexy and very menacing, very much in control. To demonstrate her power she 
stood close to Pete, watching him try to shy away. Laughing at his weakness she 
grabbed his balls and squeezed them firmly and said: "Let's get you started on 
your new life." She knelt down and grabbed left ankle. When Pete saw that she 
meant to chain it so that he would hang spread-eagle, he began to struggle, 
kicking to get free. This was a bad mistake. Angela became absolutely furious: 
"How dare you struggle, you useless piece of shit! How dare you kick at your 
Mistress? Mistress will have to teach you a lesson." She crossed the room to a 
wall full of implements for punishing slaves. Here she substituted her riding 
crop with a long, flat and wide leather strap. Without another word she came 
back to Pete and began to whip his mercilessly. Pete thrashed and screamed into 
his gag and tried to turn away from the blows, but it was no good. No matter how 
he twisted and turned the strap found his sensitive spots and Mistress Angela 
continued whipping him. She really leaned into the blows and continued the 
beating until Pete's entire body was covered in angry red welts and Pete's 
struggles had stopped. Mistress Angela stood in front of him, removed his gag 
and asked him: "Are you going to behave now, slave?" Pete managed to croak: 
"Yes," but this only caused Mistress Angela to drive her knee into his groin one 
more time. All Pete could manage was a thin scream of pain as Mistress Angela 
shouted: "Wrong answer, slave. I'm going to ask you again: Are you going to 
behave now slave?" Again Pete replied yes, and again Mistress Angela kicked him 
in the groin. This went on until he finally understood what was expected of him 
and replied: "Yes, Mistress." Mistress Angela smiled derisively at him and knelt 
down and chained his ankles far apart so that he now hung spread-eagle. Pete 
cried at his helplessness, but Mistress Angela really didn't what to hear his 
whining so she gagged him again. 

Having secured Pete spread-eagle she went around behind him and applied some 
kind of lubricant to his asshole. When Pete realized what this meant, he began 
to cry harder. It didn't help as Mistress Angela took a long, thin rubber hose 
with what looked like a balloon near the end. She leaned in over his shoulder 
and mocked him: "There, there baby. I'm only going to clean your filthy inside. 
Five enemas should be enough for now." Pete's whining increased and Mistress 
Angela sneered a warning: "Don't you dare resist me, slave." Pete didn't want to 
bring another beating on himself, so he willed himself to relax as Mistress 
Angela shoved the rubber hose up his ass. It was both painful and uncomfortable 
and it certainly didn't get any better as she pumped up the balloon at the end 
of the hose, preventing him from expelling it. Then she began pumping his 
insides full of hot water. Soon Pete felt like he was going to burst and looking 
down his body he could see his belly distending. He screamed into his gag and 
just when he was sure that his stomach would burst open, Mistress Angela stopped 
pumping water into him. Instead she came around to his front with a big smile on 
his face and began to caress his distended belly: "Feels good, doesn't it, 
slave?" When Pete shook his head, her tone changed, becoming more threatening: 
"A slut like you loves this, am I right, slave?" Pete cried as he saw his 
options diminish and he nodded his head in defeat. "Good," Mistress Angela said, 
"'cause it will be a daily thing for you from now on." This only made Pete cry 
harder. After letting him hang there for a couple of minutes, she deflated the 
balloon and allowed his to expel the water from his stomach. As a huge spray of 
shitty water exploded from his ass, Pete drew a sigh of relief. It was beyond a 
shadow of a doubt the best shit he had ever taken. But the good feeling were not 
to last. Mistress Angela promptly administered another enema just as painful and 
uncomfortable, followed by another. Followed by another. Followed by another. 
After the fifth Pete hung limply in his bonds, completely exhausted. But his 
ordeal wasn't over. Mistress Angela hid his hair under a bathing cap and taped 
his eyes shut with some kind of heavy-duty tape. She also taped over his 
eyebrows. Then she proceeded to cover his whole body with a thick layer of foul 
smelling cream. The cream hade his skin burn terribly, especially in the places 
where the welts were. As he hung there thrashing she explained: "This cream will 
insure that you will never grow a single body hair again. Body hair is not 
appropriate for little bitches, so you shouldn't have any." After almost half an 
hour she hosed him down with cold water, making sure that all the cream was 
removed. After shutting off the water she dried him with a towel, being none too 
gentle about it. Then she removed his bathing cap and the tape. The next step 
was surprisingly gentle. She applied a nice, cool cream to his entire body, not 
missing a spot. When she touched his genitals, his cock stirred slightly but his 
balls were too swollen and bruised for him to get an erection. As she rubbed the 
cream in she said: "This cream will make your skin nice and soft, just as a 
woman's should be." Pete had had trouble believing that she was really going to 
turn him into a shemale slave, but now it was becoming ever clearer that she was 
serious.
That she was indeed serious about it became quite clear as she went on to the 
next step in his transformation. First she produced a black leather corset, 
which she laced him into. The corset extended from just above his hips to just 
below his nipples and Mistress Angela tightened it until he felt like he was 
going to be cut in half and hung gasping for breath. Next she produced a pair of 
shoes and showed them to Pete saying: "From now on you will only wear stilettos. 
Nothing with less than five-inch heels." The shoes she showed him were black, 
with five-inch heels and locking ankle straps. As she put them on his feet he 
found out that they were at least one size too small. Finally she locked a 
broad, black leather collar around his neck.
Then she lowered him to the floor. Pete's hands and arm were completely numb and 
hung limply down his side, so she had no trouble tying him up. First she sealed 
his hands inside mittens made from thick, black rubber. They pressed his hands 
into a cone-like shape, rendering them useless. Then she forced his arms behind 
his back were she secured them in a black, leather armbinder, it's straps criss-
crossing his chest.
Mistress Angela stood back and regarded her slave: "It'll do for now. Before we 
begin your training, it's time to start your hormone therapy." Pete started at 
this and in response Mistress Angela grabbed him by the balls and said: "You 
will stand absolutely still when I administer your shots, understood?" The 
threat removed Pete's will to fight and he nodded in defeat. He stood absolutely 
still as she fetched a large syringe and filled before giving him four 
injections: one in each butt cheek and one below each of his nipples. Compared 
to the beatings and her abuse of his genitals it didn't hurt very much, inducing 
only a feeling of tightness in the skin where she had injected the substance. He 
wondered precisely what the hormones would do to him, but Mistress Angela 
interrupted his train of thought: "The first part of your training is simple: 
You are going to learn how to walk like the bitch you really are. Follow my 
instructions to the letter or I'll make sure that you feel my displeasure." She 
attached a leash to his collar and led him to an open space in the dungeon. Pete 
had had some difficulty standing in the high-heeled shoe and walking in them 
proved very hard. He stumbled along behind her, much to her displeasure. Hurling 
abuse at him, she picked up the leather strap and administered a vicious blow to 
his balls. Only her firm grip on his leash prevented him from falling. "You will 
learn to walk properly in stilettos, 'cause it's all that you are going to wear 
from now on." Then she proceeded to instruct him in how to walk in high heels 
while swaying his still bony ass in an appropriately sexy manner. It proved 
quite hard, but Mistress Angela's incessant punishment insured that Pete was 
soon well on his way to swaying his ass like a seasoned whore.

The training continued for what seemed like hours before Mistress Angela finally 
ordered him to stop. When he stopped she instructed him in proper posture when 
standing: feet together, shoulders back, chest out and eyes cast down. He stood 
like this, not moving an inch while she went to fetch something. She came back 
with a bottle filled with something for him to drink. Removing his gag she 
warned him not to try and speak before ordering him to drink. He almost refused 
to drink when he saw that the bottle had a very life-like penis for him to suck 
the liquid out through, but he had been punished enough and Mistress Angela 
noted only a small hesitation before his lips reluctantly closed around the fake 
dick. Mistress Angela commanded him to drink all the liquid in the bottle, more 
than a quart. This required some effort as the liquid really had to be sucked 
out, further humiliating him. The liquid itself tasted funny. It had had an 
aftertaste like bitter medicine. Mistress Angela smiled at his expression and 
said by way of explanation: "Everything you eat and drink, with the exception of 
piss and cum, will contain hormones from now on. You will soon acquire nice and 
feminine features." To speed this process along she gave him another bottle to 
suck the contents out of. This one contained a thick, fatty liquid tasting, as 
he later found out, somewhat like semen. "You need to get a little fat on that 
pathetically skinny ass of yours," Mistress Angela said. When she had fed him 
she replaced his gag and stood in front of him. "Now that your new life has 
started, it's time for a new name as well." She smiled a little and said: "I 
think that "Alice" is good name for such a little slut. From now on you will no 
longer respond to your old name, understood?" Pete understood perfectly, but he 
hated this more that anything else she had done to him so far, and tears rolled 
down his cheeks as he nodded his understanding. Mistress Angela smiled broadly 
and patted his head as she said: "It is for your own good, Alice. You must 
understand that a useless slut like you need discipline, need punishment and 
abuse. You are never useful, you are just a sissy-slave." This only made 
Pete/Alice cry harder. Mistress Angela obviously liked seeing Pete/Alice cry and 
with wicked grin she pushed Pete/Alice while tripping him up at the same time, 
sending the sissy sprawling on the floor. The landing was especially painful on 
the sissy's arms, but Pete/Alice didn't have much time to think about it as 
Mistress Angela sat across his chest while removing his gag. "Time to earn your 
keep, you useless slave-slut. Eat!" Mistress Angela commanded as she pressed her 
blonde bush into Pete/Alice's face. There were no other options, so the sissy 
began to eat his mistress' pussy. Pete/Alice wasn't very good at it, and the 
first few minutes Mistress Angela shouted abuse at the slave lying prone beneath 
her, while slapping his genitals and thighs with the leather strap. Gradually he 
absorbed the instructions and his performance improved to the point where 
Mistress Angela began to moan. Squeezing her thighs painfully against the sides 
of Pete/Alice's head she came, shouting at the sissy what a useless creep he 
was. When she had come down she reapplied the gag with a smile, grabbed the 
leash and stood up: "Come on slave. Can't loaf around all day, can we?" She 
jerked his leash and began to walk. Pete/Alice had no way of getting up and 
ended up having to crawl and squirm his way across the cold, stone floor. After 
a very uncomfortable and very physically demanding crawl they came to a very 
small cage in the far corner of the dungeon. Using the strap as encouragement 
Mistress Angela made Pete/Alice crawl into cage, which was so small that he 
would only fit inside if his legs were curled up beneath him. Once inside he 
couldn't even sit up, and the only position he could assume was folded at the 
hip, his legs beneath him and his head resting on the ground in front of his 
knees. It was most uncomfortable, but Mistress Angela didn't seem to hear his 
muffled whining as she left him, her stilettos tapping away across the stone 
floor.

Pete/Alice was miserable, in pain, humiliated and robbed of all control over his 
own life, his only hope was that someone would come to rescue him. But the more 
he thought about it, the more hopeless it seemed. He had no family, no friends 
and Mistress Angela (he had already stopped thinking about her as just "Angela") 
had replaced all the help around the house with people she had hired. 
Considering how long she must have planned it, she would have thought about this 
too. Pete/Alice had no illusions as to the allegiance of the new servants. He 
thought about what she had said about him signing away his fortune to her and 
disappearing from public view. Apart from the fact that the disappearance part 
smacked of him being done away with all together, Pete/Alice realized that 
Mistress Angela would probably need legal assistance and his signature to 
accomplish this. On the face of it, this would seem to provide him with some 
hope of escape, but even here he had no illusions. Considering the ferocity and 
the skill she put forth in punishing him, he had no doubt that she could force 
him to sign anything. As for legal assistance, she had all his money with which 
to buy this, so that should be no problem. The future looked bleak for 
Pete/Alice and he began to fully realize that he might be well on his way to 
becoming a docile, little shemale slave, whether he liked it or not. The thought 
made him want to cry.

Pete/Alice had been lying in his cage for about half an hour when he heard 
footsteps. Not only had Mistress Angela returned, but also she had brought a 
whole flock of people. Most he recognized as people Mistress Angela had hired, 
but one of them was unknown to him. Mistress Angela, still dressed in her red 
domina outfit, addressed him: "Slave, its time that you are properly introduced 
to your betters, so that you may understand your situation better. First there 
is the housekeeper, Miss Jensen, or Mistress Jensen to you." Mistress Jensen 
stepped up to the cage. She was a small woman, more than a little overweight, 
who had previously worn shapeless, black, frumpy dresses, her graying blonde 
hair gathered in a tight bun. Now she was dressed in ankle-length dress of a 
Victorian cut, made from black rubber. The dress squeezed her fat body, making 
her look both sexy and revolting at the same time. She smiled wickedly as she 
placed a box in front of the cage, stepped up on it and lifted up her skirt, 
exposing her naked crotch. She leaned forward until her crotch touched the cage. 
Then she released a stream of warm piss, hitting Pete/Alice's upturned face. He 
cried with humiliation, which of course only made Mistress Jensen laugh.

The next one to be introduced to the slave was the driver, Master Gonzales. 
Master Gonzales was huge man with black hair, cropped very short. He didn't look 
the least bit Hispanic, but he did look very menacing. He was dressed in a 
discrete black suit, with no hint of obvious perversion like Mistress Jensen. He 
stared into Pete/Alice's eyes, commanding him to meet his glare as Pete/Alice 
wanted to turn his face away. "Well, sissy boy. Take a good look at what I'm 
about to show you now, because you will be spending a lot of time worshipping 
it." With that he pulled out his very large cock. Pete/Alice was both revolted 
and terrified at the sight. There was little doubt that Master Gonzales wanted 
him to suck it some time in the future, but Pete/Alice had never harbored any 
homosexual tendencies. In fact he had always found the thought of having sexual 
relations with another man revolting. Now he seemed destined to serve this man 
and others like him sexually and it filled him with dread. For now he was 
intensely humiliated as Master Gonzales did as Mistress Jensen had done and 
pissed Pete/Alice in the face.

The last one among the ones he knew was the gardener and handyman, Master 
Robertson. In his youth he must have been absolutely huge, because now, as he 
approached sixty, he was still a very large man, muscles showing clearly beneath 
the fabric of his shirt. He wore jeans and a loose-fitting shirt, but looking 
into his eyes Pete/Alice wondered how he had ever mistaken him for a mere 
gardener. He exuded the same air of natural dominance as Mistress Angela did. 
"You are going to show complete obedience around me, girlie, or I'll make sure 
that your screaming voice gets plenty of exercise." With Pete/Alice trembling 
with fear as he spoke, Master Robertson opened his fly and pissed in 
Pete/Alice's face ordering him to keep his face in the stream at all times. 
Pete/Alice didn't dare disobey.

The last person to step up to the cage Pete/Alice had never seen before. She was 
about Mistress Angela's age, early twenties, with red hair and green eyes and 
like Mistress Angela she looked absolutely stunning. She was dressed in green 
high-heeled shoes, a green, rubber mini-skirt and rubber jacket of sorts, made 
from green rubber. The jacket only just reached below her perfect breasts, which 
it pressed together further accentuating them. Mistress Angela stepped up beside 
her and spoke: "Slave, I want you to meet my partner, Mistress Janice. We have 
been lovers for three years now." As the words sank in Pete/Alice began to cry 
again, making the two cruel women laugh. Mistress Janice spoke to the crying 
slave: "You had better get with the program, you little shit. Neither of us will 
tolerate anything but complete obedience and super feminine behavior, so the 
sooner you accept your position, Alice, the less pain you will experience. 
Remember that you are the lowest piece of slave shit in the world. You should be 
honored that so many fine people have agreed to train you." With that the two 
mistresses grabbed a box each and placed it on either side of the small cage. As 
they stepped onto them, their crotches were above the upper part of the cage. 
Then they leaned in and pissed down on the sissy-slave while engaging in a 
passionate kiss. The humiliation was complete and Pete/Alice broke down, crying 
inconsolably as the urine rained down on him. He was so inconsolable that he 
hardly noticed them leaving and he fell asleep crying, lying in the large pool 
of urine.




Chapter 2
The next morning training began in earnest. Pete/Alice ate breakfast by sucking 
a thick liquid out of a dildo mounted on the wall and after breakfast his 
insides were cleaned out by five very painful enemas. Then his corset was 
tightened to make up for the slack coming from his body adjusting to the corset 
and Pete/Alice received his daily hormone shots. The training started with 
walking again and any transgression was punished severely. Mistress Angela 
oversaw the training, looking absolutely stunning again. She wore black, leather 
boots, thigh-high and laced up the front, with seven-inch heels. Her perfect ass 
was held in a very short and very tight leather mini-skirt and her breasts, 
equally perfect, were held in a black, leather bustier. Her long, blonde hair 
was gathered in a ponytail and on her hands were short, black leather gloves. 
Even now, as she ordered him around and punished every little mistake, 
Pete/Alice couldn't help but think that she was the sexiest being he had ever 
seen.
After several hours of training Mistress Angela commanded him to stop. His bonds 
were the same as the day before and his shoulders felt like they were ready to 
pop, his feet were killing him and the ball-gag made him drool. He vehemently 
hoped this meant that she was giving him a break. But of course there was no 
such luck. She stood very close to him and as he stood completely still, holding 
the slave posture he had been taught, she gently grabbed his member. It was 
still sore from all the abuse it had been subjected to the day before and 
Pete/Alice drew a sharp breath in anticipation of the pain to come, but to his 
surprise none came. Instead she gently began to stroke it and it quickly became 
erect. As he stood there enjoying the sensation, his hips involuntarily making 
small thrusting movements, his breath becoming shorter, his eyes became glazed 
over with lust Mistress Angela asked in a low, husky voice: "You like that don't 
you, you filthy slave-bitch? You would just love to cum, wouldn't you, you 
disgusting sissy-slut?" Pete/Alice nodded and tried to say, "yes" as the 
stroking picked up in intensity and he approached orgasm. Just as he was about 
to cum, his head thrown back in ecstasy, she shouted into his face: "Sluts like 
you are not allowed to cum without permission!" and squeezed his balls 
viciously. The pleasure was immediately replaced by intense pain and he doubled 
over in pain, too much pain to even scream. He would have fallen over had she 
not gripped him tightly, one hand holding him by the neck and the other still 
squeezing his balls tightly. She repeated into his ear: "You will not cum 
without my permission - if ever." Then she allowed him to drop to the floor. 
While he lay on the floor, curled up in pain, she went to fetch something. When 
she came back she ordered his to stretch out and lie on his back. Pete/Alice had 
no interest in being subjected to more pain and instantly complied, in spite of 
the pain. Mistress Angela spread his legs and knelt down between them. In her 
hand she held what looked like a pouch made from a fine metal mesh. She grabbed 
his now limp cock and his tender balls and stuffed them inside the pouch. It was 
a very tight fit and more than a little painful. The pouch had a drawstring 
around the opening and she now pulled it so that it sat tightly around the base 
of his scrotum. The effect was to reduce his genitals to very small ball in his 
crotch, the flesh pressing painfully against the mesh. The drawstring was 
secured in a special eye on the rim of the pouch and locked in place with a 
small padlock. There was no way Pete/Alice would get out of it without the key. 
Mistress Angela explained: "This is a very useful device and you should be happy 
that I choose such a fine thing for a worthless slut like you Alice. It insures 
that you don't have unauthorized orgasms, thereby improving your behavior. It 
can stay on almost indefinitely since your pathetic, filthy and useless little 
thing can be washed and dried through the mesh. At the same time it offers up 
your balls nicely for punishment." To underline her words she stood up and 
kicked the ball hard with the pointed toe of her high-heeled boot. After a 
second to catch his breath Pete/Alice screamed in pain behind the gag. As he lay 
there screaming Mistress Angela used her sharp heel to step hard on his tightly 
compressed genitals, further increasing his pain.
The torture had clearly excited her and she dropped to her knees, straddling his 
face as she removed his gag and ordered him to eat pussy. After she had cum a 
couple of times, she stood up and used his leash to drag him to his feet. 
Instead of re-gagging him she led him to a door at one end of the dungeon. 
Pete/Alice, his mouth free for the first time in a day, tried to plead with her: 
"Angela, please let me go. I promise I'll never bother you again. And I'll pay 
you. Please." His words were cut short as Mistress Angela yanked his leash. She 
didn't even shout at him before she launched into a furious whipping. When it 
was finally over Pete/Alice lay on the floor covered in red welts, emitting 
small, breathless screams. He decided to never speak again unless ordered to. 
Mistress Angela allowed him to recover on the floor for some time before she 
dragged him to his feet and led him through the door.

Inside were two men waiting on a couch in a small, ordinary looking room. As 
Mistress Angela and Pete/Alice entered they stopped their conversation and 
turned their attention to Mistress Angela and her slave. "I'm terribly sorry to 
have kept you waiting gentlemen, but you know how it is with new slaves. They 
have to be reminded of their position constantly." One of the men, a tall 
muscular guy with curly brown hair and a moustache, smiled and said: "Yes indeed 
Angela. I presume that we are allowed to remind her of her position as well?" 
Mistress Angela beamed a brilliant smile at the man and said: "Not only are you 
allowed to Richard, you are encouraged to do so. You gentlemen are an important 
part of her training."
Mistress Angela and the men engaged in a bit of small talk while Pete/Alice 
stood silently by. The other man was also tall and muscular, but with light 
blonde hair and piercing, blue eyes. He wore the same outfit as Richard; that is 
leather boots, leather pants and leather jacket with nothing underneath, all of 
it black. After a few minutes of chitchat Mistress Angela left Pete/Alice in the 
hands of the two men and sat down in the couch to watch. After a few minutes 
Mistress Janice joined her and they say gently fondling and kissing each other 
while the men took care of Pete/Alice.
The man called Richard looked at Pete/Alice and said: "Well Alice, you little 
slut, I'm Master Richard and this is Master Anthony. We are here to teach you 
how worship a cock properly. We will tolerate no disobedience and no hesitation. 
Let's get started." Both men now dropped their jackets and stood with bare upper 
bodies in front of Pete/Alice. They removed his armbinder and he now stood with 
his arms free for the first time in over 24 hours, but he didn't try to resist. 
There were too many against him, they were too strong and he was still wearing 
the mittens rendering his hands useless. Master Richard commanded him to kneel 
and Pete/Alice complied. He now looked directly into Master Richard's crotch as 
he undid his fly and took out his massive member. Pete/Alice knew what was going 
to happen and it filled him with revulsion, but he knew that he could not 
refuse. When the cock hung out Master Richard instructed him in how to lick and 
suck it. Pete/Alice hesitated here and this was instantly punished by Master 
Anthony as he caned Pete/Alice's bare ass. He quickly began performing his 
duties and with a bit more encouragement from Master Anthony's cane he even did 
so eagerly, if rather ineptly. Soon he was sucking Master Richard's huge, rock-
hard cock, looking Master Richard in the eyes as he had been instructed, never 
looking away. He felt Master Richard's orgasm build and prepared himself to 
swallow the cum, knowing that he mustn't spill a single drop. This proved beyond 
his capabilities as Master Richard's cock sprayed its huge load into his mouth, 
and a thin stream of cum ran down his chin. After swallowing Pete/Alice had to 
fight off the urge to vomit. This combined with him spilling cum definitely did 
not go down well with two masters, who started hurling abuse at him as they 
punished him, Master Anthony caning him while Master Richard whipped him with a 
leather strap. Soon he was reduced to a sobbing wreck and promised to do better 
next time. He was given the opportunity to prove this as Master Anthony stood 
before him and commanded him to suck his cock. His dick was at least as big as 
Master Anthony's and soon Pete/Alice was sucking this too. When Master Anthony 
came he was more prepared for what was about to come and almost succeeded in 
swallowing all the cum spewing into his mouth. Of course his repeated failure to 
perform his duties properly resulted in yet another round of whipping. By now 
his body was covered in welts and there wasn't a singe spot on his body that 
didn't hurt. It was especially painful when the cane struck his balled up 
genitals.

When they had finished punishing him, Pete/Alice lay in a crumpled head crying, 
but of course this didn't stop them from continuing the training. Master Anthony 
addressed the slave: "Now its time for the one thing I know a virgin like you 
have been waiting for your whole life. Its time to pop that cherry." Pete/Alice 
began to scream and beg. Getting fucked up the ass was the worst thing he could 
imagine and he actually tried to escape in panic. All he accomplished was to get 
smacked around some more before Master Anthony twisted his arm and forced into a 
kneeling position, his ass pointing up. Master Anthony knelt down so that he 
held Pete/Alice's head between his knees, while Master Richard knelt between 
Pete/Alice's legs, spreading them wide as he undid his pants. Pete/Alice cried 
and begged but there was no stopping Master Richard who applied a generous 
amount of some greasy substance to Pete/Alice's ass. "Don't you dare fight me 
now, bitch," Master Richard said, "Fighting will only make it more painful." 
With that he pressed his rock-hard cock against Pete/Alice's tightly clenched 
asshole. He screamed in pain but could not stop Master Richard's thrusting and 
soon Master Richard's cock was pumping in and out of his ass while he cried. It 
took forever for Master Richard to cum, filling Pete/Alice's ass with hot jism. 
He was inconsolable as Master Richard withdrew but he didn't have time to cry. 
Master Richard shoved his cock in Pete/Alice's face and ordered him to clean it. 
Pete/Alice was broken by now and could not refuse. He licked Master Richard's 
cock, coated in a mixture of shit and jism, clean as he felt Master Anthony 
position himself between his legs. As small scream escaped him as Master 
Anthony's cock entered his sore ass, but he didn't have time or opportunity to 
scream or cry as Master Richard now ordered him to suck his cock.

Watching Pete/Alice being fucked in both holes had made Mistress Angela and 
Mistress Janice horny and sounds of furious lovemaking could now be heard coming 
from the couch. The pain and humiliation was devastating as Pete/Alice stood on 
hands and knees sucking a man's cock while being fucked up the ass by another at 
the same time his wife made love to another woman. Something snapped in 
Pete/Alice's mind, pushing him a good deal further towards accepting his status 
as a slave. This would not be happening unless he somehow deserved it.
When Master Anthony had cum, he switched places with Master Richard so that 
Master Richard now fucked his ass again while Master Anthony had his cock licked 
clean and received a blowjob. Both masters had by now had more than one orgasm 
so this time they fucked Pete/Alice for what seemed like ages, their huge, hard 
cocks pounding both his holes. 

When they finally came and he had swallowed Master Anthony's jism, Pete/Alice 
collapsed on the floor completely spent from the pain and humiliation. As he lay 
there, he could feel the cum running out of his abused ass, adding further to 
his humiliation. He heard footsteps and saw Mistress Angela's high-heeled boots 
in front of his face. Her voice came down from above his head: "Get your lazy 
slave ass off the floor and stand up," she commanded. Pete/Alice was almost 
broken and the last thing he wanted was to give Mistress Angela an excuse to 
punish him again, so he obediently stood up. Wasting no time, she tied his arms 
with the armbinder and reapplied the ball-gag. Then she led him out of the room, 
thanking Master Richard and Master Anthony for their help on the way out. She 
led him back to the dungeon and another session in proper walking and posture 
training. He tried hard to obey, but the pain from his abused ass made him 
waddle strangely and Mistress Angela had to whip him into shape before he was 
able to perform somewhat satisfactorily. After training for hours she led him to 
his feeding dildo in the wall and while he ate she gave him another round of 
hormone shots. Finally she locked him in the cage and left him to rest. This had 
been the worst day of his life, even worse than the day before. He hated sucking 
cock and he hated being fucked up the ass, but he found himself becoming ever 
more the slave, unable to do anything but obey. He even found himself responding 
to the name Alice. He cried himself to sleep.

The next day proved to be an exact repetition of the day before, with a few 
exceptions. As he woke up he felt an unusual tightness in the skin across his 
chest and when he looked down he saw the unmistakable first signs of a pair of 
tiny tits. He almost panicked at this and Mistress Angela had to whip him 
soundly to focus him on his new training.
His balled up genitals provided him with yet another humiliating surprise. After 
his morning feeding from the dildo and the series of horrible enemas, he had to 
pee quite urgently and from behind his gag he tried to make Mistress Angela 
understand this. Upon hearing his helpless gurgling and seeing him make 
desperate facial expressions, Mistress Angela feigned a complete lack of 
comprehension: "What is it you useless sissy-slut? Speak up!" She kept this up 
until he finally gave up and pissed on himself. Because of the compression of 
his genitals, urinating was very hard and when he finally managed to squeeze it 
out, the urine sprayed in all directions. Mistress Angela laughed a great deal 
at this before punishing him for pissing on the floor. "Looks like you will have 
to pee sitting down, just like bitch should do," she said. She washed his legs 
and rubbed his skin with the cream, which made his skin softer, before 
administering his hormone shots. Then training began. First walking and posture, 
then cock sucking and ass fucking before finishing with some more walking and 
posture training. He was locked in his cage after eating and promptly fell 
asleep. 

For four weeks this was the routine: eating and morning enemas followed by 
hormone shots. Then training: walking, posture and sex training with minor 
variations, before being locked in his cage after eating. 
The amount of food he was given had been greatly increased. He was now force-fed 
every evening, swallowing a great deal of the fatty, semen-like substance. The 
reason for this was soon apparent as he began to grow not only tits, but also 
developed the beginnings of a nicely rounded ass. The training was intense and 
although he didn't feel feminine yet, he had to fight not to think of himself as 
Alice instead of Pete.
Every three days his clothes were changed and he was washed all over, before 
being redressed and re-tied. As he was washed his cock was released as well. 
While he hung by his wrists from the ceiling, Mistress Angela would play with it 
for a long time, bringing him close to cuming before pulling away, always 
holding him on the edge. After playing with him in this way, his genitals were 
balled up inside the metal-mesh pouch and locked away. The teasing combined with 
the effects of the hormones made sure that after the fourth day he was in a 
state of perpetual sexual excitement, always horny, never getting any release.
His corset gradually reduced his waist to sixteen inches and his high-heels had 
increased in height to six-inches. Walking in an ultra-sexy manner soon became 
second nature.

Mistress Angela broke his final bit of free will with a cruel trick. While in 
the process dressing Pete/Alice she would leave him almost untied, faking being 
called away on some imaginary emergency. The first time it happened Pete/Alice 
stood dressed only in his corset and a pair of six-inch high-heeled ankle boots 
locked on his feet. Mistress Angela had left him and he could clearly see the 
open door to the dungeon. At first he stood still looking at the door, 
contemplating if it was a trick. Then he decided that is was worth the risk and 
ran for the door. By now he was quite proficient at walking in high-heeled shoes 
and he didn't even think about taking then off as he ran for the door, something 
Mistress Angela pointed out with great delight after he had been caught. He made 
it all the way up the stairs and out the front door before he was stopped. 
Outside Mistress Angela was waiting together with Master Gonzales and Mistress 
Janice. Seeing that he was defeated he tried to plead and beg, but nothing 
helped and he was dragged down into the dungeon to be punished. Mistress Angela 
made a point of punishing escape attempts more severely than other 
transgressions, so Pete/Alice was soon tied to an upright, padded cross or more 
appropriately and an X. Mistress Angela concentrated on his most sensitive 
areas: his testicles and his small, new breasts. First she whipped his tits with 
a thin, leather strap. Then she inserted a bunch of sharp, thin needles in them 
making Pete/Alice cry and beg, much to Mistress Angela's amusement. After seeing 
to his tits, she went on to concentrate on his balls. By now Pete/Alice had been 
fearing this moment for hours and his crying and begging reached a new high. But 
Mistress Angela only laughed: "You worthless sissy-scum! This is a lesson you 
had better learn, Alice. You are a slave and slaves obey, no matter what the 
consequences are. If I order you to jump in front of a buss, you will do so 
gladly, because there is some small hope that it will actually please your 
Mistress. Now you will take your medicine and learn to obey every time!" With 
that Mistress Angela picked up a pair of alligator clips with wires attached. 
The clips were quite large, so large in fact that she could fit one of 
Pete/Alice's testicles in each clip. Just having the clips bite down on his 
balls made him thrash and gasp with pain, but the real pain came when Mistress 
Angela applied electrical current to the wires. The pain was unbelievable and 
after screaming his head off for almost a minute he passed out. Mistress Angela 
then stopped the torture, woke Pete/Alice up using smelling salts before 
continuing the torture. This went on for some time, reducing Pete/Alice to a 
twitching crying wreck before Mistress Angela released him from the cross. By 
now he knew what was expected of him and he dropped to his knees thanking 
Mistress Angela profusely for the lesson, promising to be a better slave from 
now on.
Although the punishment had exhausted him completely, Mistress Angela insisted 
that he complete the days training program. Disobedience should never be an 
excuse for slacking off, not even after a severe punishment program.

Three more times Mistress Angela allowed Pete/Alice to escape only to catch him 
and punish him. By the fourth time he was broken and had no fight left in him, 
no will to try and escape. Instead he walked up the stairs, closed the door, 
walked back in the dungeon and took up position waiting for Mistress Angela. He 
knelt down, head bowed down and his hands offering up a riding crop for Mistress 
Angela to punish him. He waited so long that his arms were trembling when 
Mistress Angela returned: "Better Alice," she said, "I think this calls for a 
small reward of sorts." This made him tremble with a mixture of fear and 
anticipation. He feared the pain, which was bound to come, but he also hoped 
that the reward would be an orgasm. 
His orgasms were few and far between and he was given them in a manner that 
disgusted him. He was constantly horny and Mistress Angela teased him 
constantly, but she only allowed him to cum while he was being fucked by Master 
Richard and Master Anthony. Every three or four days, when he thought that he 
would go out of his mind from unfulfilled lust, his imprisoned member would be 
released while he had a cock buried in his ass and he was giving head. Only when 
he was being fucked at both ends would Mistress Angela allow the master fucking 
him up the ass to give him a hand job. Pete/Alice still disliked having sex with 
men intensely, but he was gradually beginning to look forward to being fucked 
because it was the only time he was allowed to cum. He would cum screaming and 
thrashing while his mouth and ass were packed. He was gradually reaching the 
point were the prospect of having sex with another man turned him on and he 
hated it as well as loved it.
But now there was the slim hope that he might actually have an orgasm not given 
to him by a huge master pumping his cock in and out of his ass, but by a 
beautiful, if very cruel, woman. It turned out that both his hopes and his fears 
were true. After handing over the riding crop he was ordered to kneel in front 
of a low, wooden table. The table was just high enough for his cock to rest on 
its surface. He now knelt in front of the table wearing only ankle-high boots 
with seven-inch heels and a corset, which constricted his waist to fifteen 
inches, his hands clasped behind his head. His cock strained against its prison 
in anticipation of a reward. Mistress Angela, who wore a black, leather bra, 
crotchless leather panties and black, leather Oxfords with seven-inch metal 
heels, started by planting one heel on his balled-up genitals and stepping hard. 
The pain made Pete/Alice gasp with pain, but it didn't go on for long. 
Accompanied by his ragged breathing she freed his cock, which instantly sprang 
to life, in spite of the abuse it had been subjected to. "I think I'll grant you 
an orgasm slave," Mistress Angela said, whereupon she brought the riding crop 
down on the head of his cock. The blow was neither very hard nor very soft and 
the net effect was to increase his excitement, while causing him pain at the 
same time. Then she stepped on his cock, rolling it roughly against the surface 
of the table. Again the effect was both painful and pleasurable. She alternated 
the two for a log time, several times stopping her manipulations just before he 
came. When he finally did cum, his cock was red and bruised and he screamed as 
he came, shooting his load as her foot stepped down on the head of is cock. The 
orgasm had to be one of the best, if most painful, he had ever had and he 
thankfully complied when he was ordered to lick up the cum and clean the sole of 
her shoe before commencing training.

Towards the middle of the fourth week of training Mistress Angela had 
effectively made him her property, an obedient and docile sissy-slave. The Pete-
persona was rapidly fading, the slave-girl Alice replacing him. Her figure had 
become very feminine indeed, with a nice round ass and a pair of perky, if very 
small tits. The last week of training had been conducted without bonds on her 
hands and had included such things as feminine mannerisms and application of 
makeup. 

So there was no hesitation when Mistress Angela arrived one day in the dungeon 
with two lawyers to have Alice sign away Pete's fortune and sign the divorce 
papers. Both lawyers were men in their thirties wearing obviously expensive 
suits. The only mishap in the proceeding was when Alice had to be reminded that 
she had to sign Pete's name on the papers. As thanks for their efforts Alice 
gave each of the lawyers a blowjob, crying a little as she dutifully looked them 
in the eye while sucking their cocks. She cried because she realized that this 
meant that the last, weak hope she had had of escape was now gone. She was now 
irrevocably Alice, the sissy-slut. Only her imprisoned member, her squeaky male 
voice and a few of her facial features now remained of the man she had once 
been.
Mistress Angela soon set about correcting this too.




Chapter 3
After four weeks of training Alice was sent to the doctor to have her voice and 
face fixed. Wearing only her seven-inch heels and her corset, she was put into a 
straightjacket, which was left open at the crotch. No explanation was offered as 
she was forced to drink a lot of fluids and a diaper was put on her before the 
crotch strap of the straightjacket was tightened. The she was gagged with a 
huge, black ball-gag and a tight, black leather hood was drawn over her face, 
sealing her in darkness and silence. Her legs were strapped together and she was 
dumped into a wooden crate filled with pellets made of some foam-like material. 
More pellets were filled into the crate before the lid was nailed shut, 
compressing the pellets so much she had trouble moving, thus trapping her 
inside. There were air holes in the box, but Alice didn't know this and started 
to panic. After an indeterminate period of thrashing and screaming she finally 
exhausted herself and fell asleep, having horrible nightmares about suffocating.

How long she stayed in the box she didn't know, but she was very, very thirsty 
when she was pulled out. She was exhausted from the trip, her body covered in 
sweat and her diaper was filled with urine and shit. The long stay in the box 
had also given her a terrible diaper rash, but this was the least of her 
concerns as her hood and gag was removed and she was given something to drink. 
She thankfully drank the tepid water before daring to open her eyes against the 
blinding light.

Looking down on her was a man in doctor's whites and two very sexy, if also 
quite grotesque looking, nurses. The doctor looked quite normal, but the nurses 
were freaks with huge tits, overly full lips, wearing a ridiculously sexy rubber 
uniforms. The way in which they looked at the doctor made Alice think that they 
were slaves rather than nurses. The doctor ordered the nurses to pick up Alice 
and secure her to an examination table. They instantly complied and soon Alice 
was stripped down to her high heels, strapped to the table, her legs held spread 
far apart as if for a gynecological examination. The doctor hardly looked at her 
face as he began examining her ass. Only it wasn't really an examination. It was 
more like a bit of cruel sport for the doctor. Before long he had his whole hand 
inside her ass, pushing it ever further in, until Alice thought that she would 
burst. He seemed to enjoy her screaming and pleading a great deal and continued 
fisting her for a long time. Then he turned his attention to her member, which 
he freed from its prison. In her state of perpetual arousal her cock instantly 
sprang to life. The doctor took one look at it and declared: "Disgusting, little 
faggot." Then he grabbed Alice's balls in one hand and squeezed them viciously 
while twisting them. Once the initial shock was over Alice screamed her head 
off. Then miraculously the doctor seemed to loose interest in her, saying to the 
nurses: "Standard sissification. Prepare her for surgery and call me when she's 
ready." The nurses curtsied and said: "Yes doctor. Instantly doctor." He 
grumbled something in reply and left. One of the nurses produced a syringe 
filled with some clear liquid, which she injected Alice with. Then everything 
went dark.

When she awoke Alice wasn't in any particular pain. As she gradually regained 
consciousness, she could feel that her face, hands and feet were bandaged and 
that she was secured to the bed. It turned out that the sheet was holding her 
securely to the bed. So securely that she could hardly wriggle. Her ass was 
filled with something, which turned out to be a tube for forced enemas and her 
penis had a catheter inserted into it to collect urine.
Not long after she woke up, a nurse came to examine her. After the examination 
she spoon-fed Alice gruel of some kind before leaving her. Alice lay like that 
for a long time before the doctor turned up assisted by two nurses. He conducted 
a more thorough examination of her, after which she was again tied down with the 
sheet.
Alice spent the next two weeks tied down like that. Three times a day a nurse 
fed her and twice a day the tubes in her ass and cock stirred, emptying out her 
urine and administering painful and humiliating enemas. Alice was bored out of 
her mind, but couldn't really do anything about it as she was not only tied 
down, but also her voice was not functioning. Something paralyzed her vocal 
cords and she could feel some kind of bandage around her neck. She accepted 
things as they were without questioning and lay quietly back. Again this brought 
home just how obedient and docile she had become and Alice cried a little over 
her lost freedom. It seemed like ages since she had been free and she found that 
she was having trouble remembering the person she had once been. Pete seemed 
like a distant memory of someone else.

After two weeks tied to the bed it was time for the next step in Alice's 
transformation process. The bandages on her face, neck, hands and feet were 
removed and while Alice marveled at how tiny her hands and feet had become (her 
feet had shrunk at least three sizes) one of the nurses brought over a mirror. 
Looking at her reflection Alice was completely amazed to see that there were now 
no traces of her formerly masculine self, not even her Adams apple. When the 
doctor commanded her to say her name, she was even more amazed. The word "Alice" 
came out of her mouth in a very light soprano, a voice so soft and feminine that 
Alice reeled from hearing it. Her new voice was still untrained and unfamiliar, 
but you could clearly hear that there were no masculine qualities left in it.

Alice was now dressed in a uniform for the rest of her stay at the clinic. The 
uniform consisted of a full-body suit made from white rubber. Only her face and 
her crotch were uncovered. Her cock was once again restrained in the usual 
pouch; balled up painfully tight, her waist was once again constricted by a 
rigid, white corset. Her arms were tied with a white, leather armbinder and on 
her feet were put white high-heeled shoes, with ten-inch heels and three-inch 
platforms. Alice teetered precariously in them, desperately trying to keep her 
balance. She was collared with a broad, white leather collar and led out of the 
room by one of the nurses who followed the doctor's lead. She was led into 
another room, equipped like a dentist's office. It soon turned out that was 
exactly what it was. Alice was placed in the chair and strapped in. The chair 
was special in that there was room for her tied up arms, a depression in the 
back of the chair. Lying on them was still not comfortable, but at least her 
position in the chair was more stable than it would have been otherwise. Her 
head was also strapped in and as a light was shone in her face, she was ordered 
to open her mouth. The doctor promptly inserted a speculum holding her mouth 
open. Then, humming softly to himself, he picked up what looked like a 
sophisticated pair of pliers and closed its jaws around one of her front teeth. 
When Alice realized what was about to happen she squealed with terror, but this 
only broadened the doctor's smile as he pulled the tooth out. It was only the 
beginning. The pain was awful for Alice, but the realization that she was about 
to have all her teeth removed was even worse. She tried pleading and begging, 
but only pitiful gurgles came out. Her head was held too tightly for her to move 
it, and the speculum prevented her from biting down. There was nothing she could 
do as the humming sadist pulled her teeth out. In the end she was reduced to a 
sobbing, broken, toothless wreck. Then her mouth was cleaned and she was led off 
to a tiny cell where she was chained to the wall and allowed to rest for the 
night.

The next morning a nurse came to feed her and lead her to a small room where and 
elderly slave-nurse began teaching her how to use her new voice. The slave had a 
nametag on her tight, white rubber uniform reading: "Miss Cunningham". As the 
lesson began, Alice began crying when she heard that she had acquired a strong 
lisp as a result of her teeth being removed. Now Alice had been tied to a stool, 
a large, metal dildo in her ass and Miss Cunningham used electric shocks through 
this dildo to refocus the attention of her student. Given this incentive Alice 
had no alternative but to follow orders and soon she was practicing her new 
voice. 
The lesson was not all that hard, it just required a little care in enunciating 
the words and Alice actually found herself enjoying the lesson a little. It was 
nice talking to someone again, even if it was just repeating what Miss 
Cunningham said. After a couple of hours she was collected by a nurse and once 
again led into the room where her teeth had been removed. Alice began to cry 
when she was strapped into the chair again, but this time it turned out that she 
had little to fear. She was just being fitted with a new set of dentures. The 
dentures were, however, a little special in that they were made from very soft 
and pliable rubber. They were completely useless for eating and chewing, but 
they provided the illusion that she was not toothless, preventing her lips from 
acquiring that special, sunken look. They also improved her speech, almost 
eliminating her lisp.
When the dentures had been fitted, she was led to her cell, chained to the wall, 
fed and left for the night. For once Alice was left alone while relatively fresh 
and she now noticed something she hadn't before. Her tits had grown considerably 
in the two weeks she had been at the clinic and were now about a 34D. She 
guessed that the reason she hadn't noticed this while lying tied to the bed, was 
because of the sheet pressing them down. She was now almost fully feminine; the 
only trace of her masculinity her imprisoned member.

The rest of her stay at the clinic was relatively uneventful and consisted 
mostly of lessons in using her new voice. After a week of this Alice was dressed 
in the "clothes" she had arrived in: corset, straightjacket, ball-gag and hood. 
Only her shoes were changed, since she had now shed several shoe sizes. Wearing 
her new seven-inch heels Alice actually had some difficulty maintaining her 
balance, as her feet were now tiny. As when she had been sent to the clinic, she 
was forced to drink a lot of fluids, diapered and sealed inside a wooden crate.

When the crate was opened and her hood removed Mistress Angela was the one 
giving her water before leading her into the dungeon. Here Alice was once again 
placed in the cage and allowed to rest.

The next day her training resumed. The training now encompassed all the aspects 
of proper slave behavior. She was schooled not only in sex and properly feminine 
behavior, but also applying make-up, dressing properly, correct slave behavior 
and keeping a proper house. The training was brutal and every night she 
collapsed in her tiny cage, completely exhausted. Alice was now tied up a lot 
less as she had accepted her status as slave. Mistress Angela tested her a few 
times, but Alice had lost all hope and interest in escape and she always tried 
her very best to perform the orders given to her. Alice had accepted the fact 
that she was an inferior being and that everyone else was better than her. This 
meant that everyone else had the right to do with her as they pleased and that 
Alice should only be thankful for this. It meant giving up all control over her 
own life. Once Alice had accepted this, her life became easier and she actually 
began enjoying some aspects of it. It meant that she was now not only without 
control over her life, but also that her responsibilities had been greatly 
diminished. In fact she now had only one real responsibility and that was to 
obey whatever order she was given, without thought to the consequences. In some 
ways it was liberating.
As her sex training progressed she also came to terms with the fact that she now 
enjoyed having sex with men a great deal. Mistress Angela's insistence that 
Alice only be allowed to cum when being fucked at both ends by a couple of guys 
had conditioned Alice so that big, strong men with huge cocks now turned her on. 
Especially Master Richard made Alice's knees go weak with a combination of lust 
and love. His touch and his kisses almost made her swoon with infatuation and 
she found herself actively flirting with him whenever they were in the same 
room.
This didn't change the fact the dominating figure in her life was Mistress 
Angela. She might have a crush on Master Richard, but she belonged to Mistress 
Angela. Only when obeying her commands did she feel any worth. She might get 
giddy after kissing Master Richard, but she felt fulfilled when she groveled at 
Mistress Angela's feet. Her basic training, which ended three months after her 
return from the clinic, established this beyond a shadow of a doubt. Her basic 
training finished, Alice was finally allowed out of the dungeon so that she 
could assume her place in Mistress Angela's household.




Chapter 4
Alice's place in the household proven to be quite complicated and very 
demanding. First and foremost she was Mistress Angela's slave and her needs came 
first. Pleasing and servicing Mistress Angela and Mistress Janice both sexually 
and otherwise took up a great deal of her time. 
Her life acquired a routine where she was on a three-week rotation: two weeks in 
the house and two weeks in the stables.
Inside the house she functioned as a slave maid to Mistress Jensen, the 
housekeeper. Alice wore a pretty, little maid's uniform: on her feet were pink 
high-heeled shoes with seven-inch stilettos and locking ankle straps and lacy, 
little ankle socks. Over a pink corset, constricting her waist to fifteen 
inches, she wore a delicate, pink satin uniform with lacy edges, clinging 
tightly to her every curve and ending just below her buttocks to that her pink, 
silk panties could just be glimpsed. On the front of the uniform she wore a 
small, white apron made of satin as well. The uniform had short sleeves, but 
went all the way up, enclosing her neck. There was a cutout extending from just 
below her throat to just beneath her tits, so that these could hang freely. Her 
corset ended just beneath them and Alice never wore a bra so her tits hung 
gloriously free of the uniform for all to fondle and play with.
Alice's blonde hair, which had grown quite long by now, was piled on top of her 
head in a very fetching hairdo and she wore a tiny, pink maid's cap. On her 
hands were delicate, lacy fingerless gloves. All her makeup, from lipstick to 
nail polish was in shades of pink. Since she had been completely broken and all 
her independence and free will effectively broken, she was left unfettered and 
ungagged. 
The only restraint she wore, apart from her corset, was her chastity device. 
After "graduating" from the basement Mistress Angela had forbidden Alice to have 
orgasms of any kind. Alice had cried when she was told, but she was too well 
trained to object. The chastity device was a truly evil thing. It consisted of a 
thick sleeve, a metal catheter, some metal straps, a battery pack and a control 
unit. First Alice's cock was teased until she was just about to cum. Then, while 
Alice squirmed and moaned in pain and discomfort, the metal catheter was 
inserted into her stiff cock. This tended to be so painful that Alice's dick 
would begin to deflate and Mistress Angela would have to stroke it back to life, 
a mixture of pleasure and pain Alice was soon completely addicted to as it was 
the closest she ever came to having an orgasm. The metal straps were secured 
around her cock and intervals of about half an inch, encircling her balls as 
well. These metal straps were then connected to the tip of the metal catheter 
sticking out of her cock with one final metal strap. Before Alice's erect member 
was sealed inside the sleeve all the metal parts were hooked up to a connection 
inside the sleeve. Once the sleeve was on, it held both her cock and her balls 
and usually the sleeve was tied down, holding it against her abdomen. The bulge 
it created was the only unsightly, masculine feature Alice had and it humiliated 
her a great deal that it was so clearly visible, as was Mistress Angela's 
intention. In her ass a large butt-plug holding a battery pack, which was 
connected to the sleeve. When Alice wasn't being punished or teased 
extraordinarily, the sleeve would pulsate ever so gently, making sure that Alice 
was hard all the time, but unable to cum. She was unable to jack off and the 
sleeve was programmed to sense her approaching orgasm, holding back the 
stimulation and preventing her from cuming. Alice wore the sleeve constantly for a period 
of one week before it was changed and her cock washed. This meant that she was 
kept in a state of perpetual arousal, always horny, but never able to cum, with 
a permanent case of blue balls, sore from lack of release. She woke up feeling 
horny and went to bed feeling horny and a sense of false hope, that if she 
behaved Mistress Angela might just allow her to cum, insured that she worked 
constantly to please everybody.
The chastity device could be used for other things as well. On the front of her 
uniform under her apron was a small hole through which a combined tube and wire 
could be secured to the tip of the sleeve. The wire/tube ended in a hand-held 
control unit. Twice a day Alice peed with the help of this device. One of the 
mistresses held the control unit and a second tube ran from the unit into 
Alice's mouth. When the mistress pressed a button, urine was pumped from Alice's 
bladder and into her mouth. Mistress Angela had decided that Alice should be a 
piss slave and when Alice was around no one pissed in the toilet. Alice found 
the taste of urine disgusting, but did as she was ordered and smiled obediently 
even when she was handed large glasses full of warm piss for her to drink. After 
few weeks her own urine had become very concentrated and extraordinarily 
revolting, but still she smiled as ordered when it was pumped into her mouth for 
her to swallow.
The other functions of the control unit were teasing and punishment. When used 
for teasing Alice the sleeve would increase the stimulation of Alice's member 
until she cried with frustration, begging and pleading for release. In 
punishment mode all the metal parts in and on her cock would shock her, sending 
her screaming and thrashing in pain to the floor. The metal catheter was an 
especially effective way of causing her pain, the electricity being led directly 
to one of the most sensitive areas of Alice body. Soon Alice feared and hated 
the mere sight of the control unit, but was careful to smile obediently when it 
was connected. She had learned the hard way that things could always get worse. 
Besides, Alice knew what a lowly creature she was; who was she to say that 
Mistress Angela and the others didn't have the right to punish as they wished?

Alice's day started when the alarm woke her up, two hours before everyone else 
in the house. She still slept in her tiny cage in the dungeon. The alarm was a 
loud claxon, which could not be heard in the rest of the house since the dungeon 
had been effectively soundproofed. There was a time lock on the cage and it 
would swing open when the horn sounded, allowing Alice to wriggle out, ass 
first. She slept wearing only her corset, her chastity device and a heelless, 
ballet-toed boots, thus insuring that she never stood barefoot on the ground. In 
time her ability to stand without heels of at least six inches disappeared 
altogether as her Achilles tendon shortened. In time her already tiny feet were 
also compressed so much by her tiny footwear that her foot was unable to handle 
any pressure without the help of a rigid, high-heeled shoe.
After crawling out of the cage she removed her butt-plug, leaving it hanging 
from its connection to the chastity sleeve. In the corner of the dungeon was her 
bathing area and here she would administer three large enemas to herself, 
carefully making sure that she was filled to the bursting point, before holding 
the warm water until she was sweating from the exertion and finally releasing 
it. Those were Mistress Angela's instructions and Alice was very careful not to 
break any of Mistress Angela's instructions, even when she wasn't around to 
check. You never knew. After her enemas she removed her boots and took a sitting 
shower, since she couldn't stand barefooted. Both her chastity sleeve and her 
corset were made from rubber, so they were not harmed by the water. Like her 
chastity sleeve, her corset was only changed once a week. After showering and 
washing her hair, Alice dried her hair and body before dressing in her uniform 
and carefully applying makeup. 

Then her morning chores began. She prepared breakfast for everyone before making 
her rounds to wake them up. First she woke up Mistress Jensen, which usually 
meant that she had to spend time buried in her meaty thighs licking her pussy. 
After this she would wake up Masters Gonzales and Robertson. Each usually 
required a blowjob before getting up and more often than not she was required to 
drink their morning urine before giving them these blowjobs.
Before she could finally wake up Mistress Angela and Mistress Janice, she made 
sure that her clothes and makeup were perfect and that every trace of urine 
smell and taste was gone from her mouth. She endeavored to wake Mistress Angela 
up as gently as possible, knowing from painful experience that if she was awoken 
too brutally she might get very grumpy. And having a grumpy mistress meant being 
in a lot of pain. So Alice would gently kiss and caress Mistress Angela until 
she was awake, before doing the same to Mistress Janice. Usually she would 
service them sexually, her head buried between their thighs, but sometimes they 
would just have sex with each other in which case Alice just stood silently by 
waiting for them to finish. After rising Mistress Angela would drain Alice's 
morning urine from her bladder so that Alice now swallowed her own morning 
urine, a pained smile on her face as she tried to pretend that she liked it. 
This never failed to please Mistress Angela and usually it would encourage her 
to set the sleeve in teasing mode, reducing Alice to a tearful pleading wreck. 
It was just one of the best ways you could start your day, watching a slave beg 
and plead.

After having served breakfast to her Masters and Mistresses Alice was allowed to 
eat. Since she couldn't chew her food, her meal was a soft mushy substance made 
entirely from vegetables, mostly the ones not too fresh. To make sure that Alice 
would not enjoy eating, Mistress Angela always added a special flavor to Alice's 
meals, which Alice found disgusting. Her meals were always served in a doggy 
bowl bearing the inscription "Disgusting slut" and for drinking she had a bowl 
of fresh water. Mistress Angela had wanted to keep Alice on a "piss-only" 
drinking regimen, but soon found that Alice began to acquire an unhealthy color 
while she steadily became more and more sickly. In the end Mistress Angela had 
to accept that if she wanted Alice to stay alive, she had to give her fresh 
water every day.

Alice's day's in the house passed doing housework and making sure everyone was 
sexually satisfied. The two tasks made sure that she didn't have single moment 
to relax during the day, as she had to satisfy not only Mistress Angela and 
Mistress Janice, but also Mistress Jensen and Master Gonzales. Although Mistress 
Jensen was officially housekeeper, her real job was as cook and matron of the 
house. Alice did all the real work: cleaning, washing and all the menial things 
in a kitchen, like peeling potatoes or washing up. She also had to keep Mistress 
Jensen happy, which required not only eating pussy several times a day, but also 
involved a great deal of groveling at her feet, licking her shoes clean. 
Mistress Jensen also took great pleasure in verbally abusing Alice, constantly 
telling her what a worthless shit she was and how Mistress Angela should just 
castrate her and get it over with. The very thought filled Alice with terror. 
One thing was constantly being denied orgasms; another was being deprived of 
even the possibility of having one.

Also requiring her attention during the day was Master Gonzales. He spent his 
days making sure that Mistress Angela's cars were in order, driving her whenever 
necessary, picking up stuff for her and running errands. When at the house he 
enjoyed having Alice around as his 'ho, mincing around, being a pretty airhead, 
laughing at his lame jokes, serving him cold drinks and sucking his cock. He 
wasn't really into punishing her or humiliating her in any special way; he just 
enjoyed having her behave like a complete bimbo.

Alice's whole day went by doing hard, menial work and pleasing everyone and when 
bedtime came around her work was far from over. Mistress Angela of course used 
her most, but when she wasn't around or didn't require Alice's services, Alice 
was either with Mistress Jensen or Master Gonzales. Usually she would be allowed 
to go to bed only a couple of hours before she had to get up. But Alice didn't 
complain. She knew that a useless whore like herself should only be pleased that 
someone wanted her services and after undressing herself and crawling into her 
cage, closing the door behind her with great difficulty, she sent Mistress 
Angela a grateful thought for being so kind as to have her.

From time to time Mistress Angela would have guests over for dinner or tea or 
just to have sport with Alice. These occasions were very taxing on Alice, as 
they usually involved her getting tortured intensely, using a great deal of the 
many torture instruments in the basement. Normally Mistress Angela would have a 
bit of sport with Alice in the dungeon once or twice a week and usually not for 
more than an hour or so. But when there was company the sessions could last all 
night and into the next day.
The torture would range from whippings and beating to the ever-popular 
electrical torture of Alice's genitals. In time Mistress Angela's tastes grew 
more and more brutal inspired by these sessions and Alice spent more and more 
time in the dungeon, writhing in pain, screaming and thrashing in hopeless 
efforts to get free. Mistress Angela also developed an affinity for a special 
kind of torture, which scared Alice out of her mind. Mistress Angela would tie 
up Alice in some way and then connect the control unit to her chastity sleeve, 
using the teasing mode. Soon Alice would squirm with lust and plead for the 
release that never came. Mistress Angela would then begin asphyxiation torture, 
either using a plastic bag pulled over Alice's head or a strap tightened around 
her throat. She would choke her until Alice was sure that she was going to die 
and just before Alice slipped into unconsciousness, she would allow her to 
breathe. The process would be repeated until Alice was completely hysterical, 
babbling incoherent pleas for Mistress Angela to stop. For Alice the worst part 
was that after a while asphyxiation began to turn her on. The stimulation 
combined with that kind of torture slowly conditioned her into liking the 
choking sensation. Mistress Angela soon exploited this as she made an addition 
to Alice's uniform. Beneath the high neck of her pink, satin uniform Alice now 
wore a choker in the most literal sense of the word: a pink, leather strap about 
an inch wide and tightened to the point where Alice had to use considerable 
effort just to breathe. This meant that all her other duties were made harder as 
well, even speaking properly required effort and the choking sensation 
constantly kept Alice on the brink of panic.

Being a slave maid took up two thirds of Alice three weeks rotation. The third 
week was spent in the stables and in the garden where Master Robertson ruled. 
Alice might not like most of what happened to her in the house, but she at first 
hated almost everything about the stables and Master Robertson's mere presence 
filled her with terror. When in the stables with Master Robertson Alice assumed 
the role of ponygirl. In some ways she actually liked being a ponygirl, since it 
was a break from her daily chores of menial housework. But Master Robertson made 
sure that there wasn't much else to enjoy. In the stables she would be stripped 
of her uniform until she stood wearing only her corset and her heels. He would 
then cuff her wrists, connect the cuffs to a chain hanging from the ceiling and 
pull on the chain until she swung a few inches off the ground. Then he would 
remove her corset and put a new one on her, one that did not leave her tits 
hanging out. This corset, made from thick, black leather with plenty of steel 
supports, extended from just above her hips, to just above her nipples, holding 
them tightly so they wouldn't jiggle too much when she ran, while at the same 
time making sure everyone could see them. The corset was just as brutal as her 
regular one and made sure that she lost her breath quickly when running. Her 
pretty, pink heels were exchanged for a pair of boots turning her feet into 
something like hooves. The boots ended in a horseshoe and inside the boot, which 
was made from thick, black leather, her foot was held so that all her weight 
rested on her toes. Her foot was held so that it seemed to be a mere extension 
of her leg and she had no movement left in the foot. It was incredibly painful, 
not only on her toes, but also on her calves, which cramped up completely during 
her first weeks as a ponygirl. Furthermore Master Robertson insisted that since 
horses don't lie down sleeping neither should Alice. She spent her nights (when 
she was done servicing Master Roberson) standing up, a large pole rammed up her 
ass and chain secured to the very stiff posture collar she wore all the time 
when being used as a pony. It was so stiff that she could only hold her head in 
one position, not even being able to turn it.
The posture collar came on after the boots and after that Master Robertson put 
tight-fitting mittens on her hands, rendering them useless. Then he forced her 
arms into a back prayer, cuffing her wrists together just behind Alice's neck 
and securing the cuffs to the back of the collar. Then he forced her elbows to 
meet before strapping them together. This put a great deal of strain on Alice's 
shoulders and arms, but Master Robertson liked it when Alice was in pain. 
Besides it accentuated her tits in a most pleasing manner and did wonders for 
her posture.
Finally came her head harness. This was a collection of straps going around her 
head and face, holding various items in place. One was a pair of blinkers, 
narrowing her field of vision considerably. Another was her bit. This consisted 
of U-shaped piece of metal going into Alice's mouth. At the end of the U was a 
flexible ring through which Alice stuck her tongue. Once her tongue was inside 
the ring, it could be made to clamp down on the tongue, trapping it there. The 
bit made sure that while Alice couldn't talk with it on, she could eat and give 
blowjobs, albeit with great difficulty. It also translated every pull on her 
reins directly into her mouth, making sure Alice did as she was ordered to.
As usual she wore her chastity device, the sleeve strapped to her corset so that 
her cock couldn't swing freely when she ran, and the butt-plug replaced with a 
model that had a tail on it, giving her a more "pony-like" appearance. This was 
her ponygirl outfit; essentially naked, wearing only corset, heels, chastity 
device and a few straps holding her in place. Once on, the only part of it that 
came off during her weeklong stay in the stables, was the butt-plug, which came 
out for her morning enemas and the numerous times during the day when Master 
Robertson fucked her ass. Master Robertson not only loved pounding her ass, he 
also had a truly enormous cock. Every time he entered Alice's ass, she thought 
that she would split down the middle. It got a little better as time went by and 
Alice's asshole was widened somewhat, but she never really got used to it, as 
Master Robertson's cock was almost as thick as regular person's underarm and the 
ass-fuckings felt like fistings. Another aspect of the ass-fuckings she hated, 
was the fact that they turned her on in spite of the pain. Mistress Angela's had 
made sure that her conditioning and training was such that she now got turned on 
by having sex with big strong men. They didn't get much bigger and stronger than 
Master Robertson, who in spite of his age was a very large and muscular guy, and 
when his strong hands touched her she became aroused in spite of herself. When 
his huge cock rammed up her ass one part of her writhed in pain, while the other 
found the rhythm of the fucking and wanted more. It humiliated and confused her 
enormously. 

Most of her time at the stables, however, was consumed by pony training. Harsh 
and demanding pony training. Master Robertson insisted that her every step as a 
pony be a high step, lifting the leg up until the thigh was parallel to the 
ground before extending the lower leg forward to complete the step. It was 
immensely tiring for Alice and every little error in the execution of this 
maneuver was punished by brutal use of Master Robertson's riding crop. After a 
few sessions with Master Robertson this way of walking became so ingrained with 
Alice that when her rotation at the stables ended and she returned to her duties 
at the house, she would start by high stepping until corrected by Mistress 
Angela.
After learning how to walk like a proper ponygirl, Alice was taught how to drag 
sulkies and cart and even how to carry a rider on her back. The only one to ride 
her was Mistress Angela, but most of the masters and mistresses in the house 
used her for transporting them around the huge gardens in a cart of some sort. 
Being a pony was much more physically demanding than being a slave maid and a 
lot less rewarding. A slave maid Alice got some small measure of satisfaction at 
seeing her betters getting off by using her. When she was a ponygirl all she 
felt was the crack of the whip.
Her chastity device reached its full potential as a tool for tormenting the 
sissy-slave when she was a ponygirl. The stimulation of the sleeve combined with 
the physical exertion was a combination so powerful that it drove Alice wild. 
The pumping movement of her legs increased the stimulation from the sleeve until 
Alice was in a permanent state of "just-about-to-cum". A few minutes of running 
with the sleeve providing stimulation robbed Alice's mind of the ability to 
think properly. All she could think about was running and how much she would 
like to cum and she only thought about running because it had been drilled so 
hard into her head. When she ran she began to drool from lust, eventually 
foaming at the mouth and her eyes rolled back in their sockets as she became a 
blind, unthinking beast just running, reacting only to the commands from the 
reins and the whip. Master Robertson noticed this and decided to test just how 
far gone she was when in this state. He strapped a cart onto Alice and took her 
for run. After ten minutes Alice was in a frenzy of unfulfilled lust, drooling 
and unseeing and Master Robertson steered her straight into a wall. Alice saw 
nothing as her mind focused on the fire in her crotch and ran straight into the 
wall at full speed, momentarily knocking herself out. Both Mistress Angela and 
Master Robertson were delighted and as a consequence they changed her ponygirl 
outfit. Instead of blinkers and a head-harness Alice now wore a tight-fitting 
rubber helmet leaving only her mouth and nostrils free. The helmet not only 
robbed her of sight, it also cut off her hearing completely so that Alice the 
ponygirl now only responded to her reins and the crop. For an entire week at a 
time she would be a blind and deaf beast, running around mindlessly as her 
entire being focused on just two things: obedience and sexual frustration. 

Mistress Angela found that it in time also improved Alice's behavior as a slave 
maid. Running around for so long thinking almost exclusively about obeying made 
Alice even more submissive than before, to the point where no order was too 
extreme to be obeyed without hesitation. To see just how submissive Alice had 
become Mistress Angela gave Alice a handful of large needle, thick and not very 
sharp. Then she ordered her to stick them into herself a various points, all of 
them very painful. Even though Alice was completely unbound, she obeyed without 
hesitation. She obeyed even when the pain was so bad she threw up and after a 
couple of minutes Alice had needles sticking out of her tits, her tongue, her 
dick and her balls, the latter two still encased in their sleeve. Alice sat 
kneeling before her Mistress, crying and retching from the pain, waiting for new 
orders. As a final test Mistress Angela gave Alice a very sharp knife and 
ordered her to castrate herself. Alice cried harder and her hands shook, but 
there was no hesitation as she positioned the knife, ready to cut off her balls. 
Mistress Angela had no interest in castrating Alice; she just wanted to see how 
obedient she had become, so she stopped her there. Alice cried even harder now, 
this time from relief.

Back at the stables Master Robertson found that Alice behavior as a fucktoy had 
also improved. In her state of perpetual sexual arousal Alice now moved her ass 
eagerly as he entered her. It further cemented what was now a passion for Alice: 
being fucked up the ass. Though the pain was still bad, she had gone from hating 
it to loving it, without having been granted a single orgasm.

A year after completing her "basic training" Alice had been reduced to a truly 
submissive sissy-slave. Even Master Robertson, who had plenty of experience, 
couldn't think of a more successful transformation. Alice was now unable to 
think of anything else than obedience and lust for any length of time. All her 
time was spent trying to be the most perfect little slave bitch, in the futile 
hope that she might be granted an orgasm, something which never happened. All 
day long the inside of her chastity sleeve was slick with cum and when she woke 
up in the morning her balls ached from the lack of release. A few times the 
thought that she might never be allowed to cum entered her pretty, little bimbo 
head, but it was promptly banished as her slave mind told her that eventually 
she would be rewarded and that in the meantime she should be thankful that 
Mistress Angela would spend her time on such a useless sissy-whore as herself.




Chapter 5
Alice's life continued like that for a couple of years until one day Mistress 
Angela got fed up with Janice. Janice had never really been into the S&M-bit and 
in time this began to annoy Mistress Angela. At the same time Mistress Angela 
began to regard Mistress Jensen as just another freeloader. As she had also 
discovered just how much she enjoyed torturing women as opposed to sissies, she 
decided to do something about it. She set about enslaving the two other women. 
Having Alice around at the same time was too much trouble she decided, so she 
extended Alice's stay at the stables. Alice didn't notice this since her mind 
was blank while she was a pony. The passage of time went unnoticed as she ran 
around deaf and blind in a haze of lust. Master Robertson kept her as a pony for 
three months while Mistress Angela turned Miss Jensen and Janice into her little 
slave-bitches.

When Alice emerged from her long stay at the stables, things had changed a great 
deal. Mistress Jensen was now the chubby, little, rubberized slave-bitch Emily 
and Mistress Janice was now just slave Janice, running around after Mistress 
Angela wearing only high heels, corset and chains. Together they had taken over 
a lot the assignments Alice had had, so the rotation changed. Alice now spent 
one week as a maid and three as a pony. In the one week she was in the house, 
Janice became a ponygirl. 

However, it soon became clear that Mistress Angela was loosing interest in 
Alice. She much preferred to torture Janice and Emily to torturing Alice and 
Alice now often felt forgotten when not running around as a ponygirl. She was 
happier when she ran around deaf and blind, than she was when she acted as slave 
maid to Mistress Angela. Mistress Angela was of course not blind to this and she 
was seriously considering selling Alice to a mistress she knew who had a large 
stable. But before this happened another solution presented itself.

One day an old friend of Mistress Angela turned up at the door. Mistress 
Catherine had once been a star athlete, competing in rowing, before going on to 
become a very successful businesswoman. This was the reason Mistress Angela 
hadn't seen her in a long time. Mistress Catherine had been out of the country 
for a while, but now she had returned.
Mistress Catherine loved tormenting sissies and on her travels she had left a 
trail of sissy-slaves, all sold as she left the country in question. In Japan 
she had sold her slave, a pretty little thing whom she had castrated and 
equipped with a pair of massive tits, to a whorehouse specializing in the more 
extreme clients. Mistress Catherine thought that the sissy would last less than 
two months in that place. In Paris she had sold her sissy-slave to a woman 
specializing in making pets out of slaves. When she had last seen the poor 
sissy, she had been standing on all fours, trying to bark, just as her new 
mistress wanted it. In Hong Kong Mistress Catherine had taken great pleasure in 
transforming a pair of twins into a pair of docile and obedient maids. Just 
before she had sold them to a high-ranking official from the mainland, she had 
castrated them and sown their limp cocks to skin of their scrotums, insuring 
that their crotches were smooth. They had been most unhappy, but the official 
had been very satisfied with the modifications made to the two little bitches.

While Mistress Catherine was visiting, her eyes fell on Alice, who happened to 
act as maid that day. After questioning Mistress Angela about it and asking her 
permission, Mistress Angela ordered Alice kneel before her. She first 
scrutinized the sissy intensely before she grabbed her by the back of her head 
and kissed Alice deeply. Alice was very surprised but soon kissed Mistress 
Catherine back, loving the attention. When Mistress Catherine withdrew Alice had 
her eyes closed as she sighed with pleasure and disappointment. It was the first 
time in years anyone had treated her nicely and she felt great affection for the 
newcomer. Her affection soon grew as Mistress Catherine, having cleared it with 
Mistress Angela, took Alice by the hand and led her down into the dungeon. 

Mistress Catherine was a tall woman, easily 6'4", and since she always wore 
heels of five inches or more, she towered almost a foot over Alice in spite of 
Alice's high-heels. In the dungeon Mistress Catherine stripped off her business 
suit and stood before Alice wearing only black six-inch stilettos and black 
nylon stockings. She had flaming, red hair flowing freely over her shoulders and 
her piercing green eyes filled Alice with a desire to submit. Her breasts were 
perfect as was the rest of her body. Leaving Alice standing in the middle of the 
dungeon waiting docilely in her pink maid's outfit, Mistress Catherine fetched a 
riding crop and a double-ended strap-on dildo. When she returned she sported a 
twelve-inch black cock from her crotch and she idly slapped the crop against her 
palm, as she looked Alice over. Alice felt completely naked and exposed as 
Mistress Catherine eyed her before saying: "Hands behind your head, slave, and 
stand still." Alice complied after which Mistress Catherine began to whip her 
tits. Soon tears were running down her cheeks as her tits became bruised and 
tender. The whipping didn't go on for very long. Mistress Catherine dropped the 
crop and took up position behind Alice, removed her panties and butt-plug, 
reached around and grabbed her by the tits, bent her knees before standing up, 
ramming the dildo up Alice's ass with such force that Alice's feet left the 
ground. Being fucked up the ass had become a real turn-on for Alice and Mistress 
Catherine's strap-on was not as thick as Master Robertson's cock, so after the 
initial shock Alice began to enjoy the fucking. She rode the artificial cock as 
Mistress Catherine came again and again and although she couldn't cum herself 
she enjoyed it a great deal. It was as close as she ever got. After the fucking 
Alice licked the artificial cock clean, dropping to her knees of her own accord 
to suck the artificial pole while looking Mistress Catherine in the eyes. 
Alice's eyes pleaded for Mistress Catherine to do this to her more often. It was 
exactly what she had in mind. Mistress Catherine had been looking for a cute 
little fucktoy that didn't require too much in the way of training. She was too 
busy for that nowadays. Mistress Angela had already told her that she wanted to 
get rid of Alice, so Mistress Catherine decided to buy the little bitch.

Back in the living room Mistress Catherine walked in with Alice in tow just as 
Mistress Angela was shoving most of her booted foot up Emily's ass. The fat, 
little slave-bitch was dressed in a pink, full-body rubber suit leaving only her 
eyes, pussy and ass free. Her ears were plugged and her mouth stuffed with a gag 
under the rubber. Her waist was severely constricted and on her feet were pink 
stiletto boots with seven-inch heels. Emily was on all fours and it looked like 
her eyes were about to pop out of her head as Mistress Angela's boot pushed 
further and further up her ass. A low moan came from her gagged mouth. Mistress 
Angela was reading a magazine while she did this and seemed not to notice the 
extreme pain she was subjecting her slave to. Emily, the former Mistress Jensen, 
had been reduced to a complete pain-slut who craved sensory deprivation. When 
she wasn't used, she was packed inside a box, unable to move, her feeding and 
breathing controlled by a machine connected to her by tubes. She would stay for 
weeks at a time in the box, while Mistress Angela played with Janice.

Upon seeing Mistress Catherine enter with Alice she asked: "Well dear? What did 
you think? Do you what her?" Mistress Catherine answered that she indeed wanted 
her. Mistress Angela wanted Mistress Catherine to take Alice right away, but she 
declined. She had a few things she needed to see to first and besides the 
handover of Alice to Mistress Catherine would provide them with an excellent 
excuse to throw a party. Mistress Angela enthusiastically agreed. 
Alice felt confused. In her mind she belonged to Mistress Angela, but at the 
same time she had been unhappy with the lack of attention she had been shown 
lately, so maybe it would be a good thing, being sold to a new mistress. In any 
case she didn't have much time to think about as she was handed over to Master 
Robertson who would take care of her while the preparations for the party took 
place.

As a ponygirl Alice promptly forgot all about her upcoming sale, her mind once 
again becoming blank with lust as she ran around in her pony outfit. After a 
month like that, the day had almost arrived. One day before the party Alice was 
released from her ponygirl outfit and led in to the basement so that she could 
adjust to the relative freedom she enjoyed when not a ponygirl.
The next day Emily prepared her for the party. Alice's hair was washed set in a 
very fetching hairdo and she was dressed for the occasion. Instead of her usual 
pink maid's uniform, she was wore a white corset over which she wore a jacket of 
sorts made of white satin. It covered her arms and fit her upper body snugly, 
holding her breasts while showing ample cleavage. It ended just above her hips, 
as did her corset. On legs she wore white nylon stockings held up by a lacy, 
white garter belt and on her feet were white stilettos with seven-inch heels. On 
her hands were delicate, lace gloves and she wore a small, white pillbox hat 
with a white veil covering her face. Encircling her neck was a white leather 
collar. Her usual black rubber chastity device had been replaced by a white one 
and her sheathed cock and balls were strapped to her abdomen. She looked like a 
bondage bride, which was of course not that far off.
Mistress Angela placed Alice in a corner of the living room and told her to wait 
while the preparations for the party took place. Alice waited obediently while 
the room was decorated and she gradually realized that it was going to be a very 
big party.
Soon Mistress Catherine arrived and when Alice saw her she was once again filled 
with a desire to submit. Mistress Catherine looked absolutely stunning. On her 
feet were black, thigh-high stiletto boots, laced up the front with seven-inch 
heels made of ultra-thin, shiny metal. She wore a full-body black, rubber suit 
clinging to her every curve, going all the way up, even encircling her neck. On 
her hands were black, rubber gloves and her beautiful red hair was gathered in a 
ponytail. She tapped a riding crop against her boot as she approached Alice. 
"Alice, you worthless slut. Tonight I will make you mine," she declared, "and 
you had better carry out every order I give you without the slightest of 
hesitation. Is that understood?" Alice nodded fearfully and replied: "Yes 
Mistress, I understand." Mistress Catherine gave a short nod and left Alice in 
the corner. Soon the guests arrived, many with their own slaves in tow. After an 
hour the room was packed with people, all being serviced with drinks by Mistress 
Angela's two slave girls, Janice and Emily, who really had to work to keep up. 
Many cast glances in Alice's direction, but none approached her. Everybody knew 
that she was the official reason for their presence. The glances cast at her 
made Alice increasingly nervous, but there was nothing she could do but wait.

After one more hour Mistress Angela called for silence and said: "Welcome dear 
friends! It's so nice to see so many good people gathered here tonight and I'm 
sure that we are going to have a great party. You all know the reason we are 
here celebrating, so let's get started." She craned her neck looking for someone 
and called: "Tom where are you? Come up front so we can begin." The rest of the 
guests made room as Master Robertson joined Mistress Angela. He was dressed in a 
black, leather suit and wore big, black leather boots. He stood with his front 
to Mistress Angela and Mistress Catherine, Angela on his left, Catherine on his 
right. Mistress Angela also looked stunning, wearing black, knee-high boots with 
seven-inch heels, a black, leather mini-skirt and a black, leather halter-top.
Once the three had taken position the other guests made a little room in front 
of them. Master Robertson: "Emily, you rotten bitch, fetch the useless, little 
sissy-shit!" Emily, who already looked harried, scampered over to fetch Alice 
and led her to stand beside Mistress Angela. A stern look from Master Robertson 
told Alice to kneel and she instantly fell to her knees beside Mistress Angela, 
pressing her head to the ground. "Friends!" Master Robertson bellowed out, "we 
are gathered here tonight to celebrate Catherine's homecoming." There was 
cheering in the background as he continued: "To mark the occasion she has bought 
this useless creature from Angela, thereby ridding her of the burden." He 
indicated Alice before carrying on: "Mistress Angela: Do you want to give up 
this sissy-slave to Mistress Catherine." Mistress Angela replied that she would 
after which he turned to Mistress Catherine and asked: "Mistress Catherine: Do 
you accept the useless sissy-bitch, to do with as you please?" "I do indeed," 
Mistress Catherine. A quick slap to Alice's ass made her crawl over to kneel at 
Mistress Catherine's feet as the crowd congratulated the two mistresses. 
Meanwhile Mistress Catherine knelt down, handed Alice a box and whispered an 
order in her ear. Then she pulled Alice to her feet and announced to the crowd: 
"My new slave has something she wants to say." The crowd fell silent and Alice 
said in a very shaky voice: "Masters and Mistresses. Please allow this useless 
piece of sissy-shit to show her devotion to Mistress Catherine." Alice opened 
the box, revealing that it was full of long, sharp needles before going on: 
"Please honor Mistress Catherine by placing a couple of needles in my genitals. 
You may use as many as you like, but please make sure that there are no more 
needles in this box when you are finished." With that Alice knelt down and 
thrust forward her pelvis while she clasped her hands behind her head. An 
appreciative murmur was heard from the masters and mistresses while the slaves 
present looked pale with fear. Alice was also scared shitless. There were many, 
many needles in the box and many, many guests to stick them into her sensitive 
flesh. Alice thought that there was a good chance that this might effectively 
castrate her, but still she did not hesitate in obeying. She knew that she owed 
it to her mistress to obey and besides, disobedience always resulted in worse 
punishment. There was no way she could win.
The first one up was Mistress Angela who took great pleasure in sticking needles 
into Alice's balls, two needles in each testicle, pressing them all the way in. 
Alice screamed and almost passed out from the pain, but she managed to stay 
awake to see Mistress Angela's sadistic grin before she drew her head away.
Then the pain started in earnest as the guests lined up to mutilate her 
genitals. Alice screamed and begged, vomited and passed out only to be woken up 
so the torture could continue. Alice had no idea how long the torture went on 
and she lost all sense of time, but when the box was finally full she could no 
longer see her white cock-sheath. In fact she couldn't see any part of her 
genitals, they were completely covered in needles. The pain was unbelievable and 
Alice thought that her cock and balls were ruined for good. Alice was in too 
much pain to notice that the guests left the room to have dinner, but she obeyed 
orders and remained kneeling with her hands behind her head. Her hands had been 
raised for a long time and her arms had begun to shake, but taking them down 
didn't even cross her mind.
She remained kneeling like that the whole evening, her genitals pierced by 
hundreds of needles while the party went on in the house, slaves being tortured 
and fucked in every corner. Once in a while a cock would be shoved into her 
mouth and she would suck it, or she would eat pussy, but other than that she was 
left alone. When the party finally died down hours later, Mistress Catherine 
came to fetch her new slave. Alice was at the point of collapse and didn't even 
notice her before she nudged Alice's genitals with her boot. Alice screamed and 
she was able to focus on her new mistress. "Get up slave. We're leaving." 
Kneeling for so long had numbed Alice's lower legs so she was unable to stand 
up. Instead she had to crawl after Mistress Catherine as they left the house. 
The crawling movement sparked a new bout of intense pain in her crotch, every 
movement of her legs making her scream. Mistress Catherine didn't seem to mind 
the noise; on the contrary she seemed to enjoy it a great deal. On the way out 
they met Mistress Angela who said goodbye to Alice by kicking her in the groin. 
The pain was so bad that she didn't even have the energy to scream. She just 
passed out and didn't wake up until Mistress Catherine held smelling salt under 
her nose. "You really have to improve your performance, slave. Watching you pass 
out from that little nudge was embarrassing." In a croaking, sobbing voice Alice 
apologized and they continued towards the front door. 

In the hall they passed Emily who was in a bad spot. Her hands were tied behind 
her back and teetering on the tips of her seven-inch stilettos she was perched 
on top of a rickety stool. A rope hung down from a banister above her head and 
it had been tied around her neck, keeping her on her toes. She was ungagged and 
naked except for a pair of rubber panties, which held a pair of dildos in place 
in her pussy and ass. She was sweating profusely and her fat flesh was quivering 
with the exertion and her approaching orgasm. As Mistress Catherine passed she 
pleaded in a choking voice: "Mistress, please, Mistress. Mercy Mistress. Won't 
you please show mercy?" As Mistress Catherine stopped and walked over to her, a 
look of great relief came over Emily's face. But there was no mercy: "Of course 
I won't release you, you stupid slut," Mistress Catherine said in the most 
pleasant of voices, "I know that it was Mistress Angela who put you there and I 
have no intentions letting you go without her approval." A look of despair came 
over Emily's face as she realized that Mistress Catherine would not help her and 
she began to babble pleas after the receding mistress. Alice crawled after 
Mistress Catherine out the door. Just before the door closed behind them Alice 
heard the sound a stool falling over followed by some strangling noises. Then 
the door fell shut.

Outside Alice's legs finally came under her control and she was able to stand up 
and walk after Mistress Catherine. Walking upright did nothing to alleviate the 
pain, but rather increased it. Her every move was pain now and she moved in a 
haze to Mistress Catherine's waiting limousine. Inside the limousine Mistress 
Catherine could wait no longer and spread her legs ordering Alice to eat pussy. 
In spite of the pain Alice did so with great pleasure, bringing her to several 
orgasms before being ordered to stop. The she was ordered to assume a kneeling 
position on the floor as Mistress Catherine explained: "The needle torture are a 
test of your devotion. You may ask me to remove them at any time and they will 
be removed." Alice lifted her head in hope only to have it crushed: "However, I 
shall be most disappointed if you do. If you wish to show your devotion to me, 
you will leave them in until I tell you to remove them." Mistress Catherine sat 
back and regarded her slave: "So, what will it be, slave?" Alice knew that there 
was only one correct answer to that question and said: "Mistress, I am devoted 
to you. Treat my useless genitals as you please and leave the needles as a sign 
of my devotion." Mistress Catherine nodded at this and extended her foot and 
began to use it to nudge the needle-covered genitals. Alice spent the rest of 
the trip screaming in pain.

The next morning when Mistress Catherine woke up she found Alice just where she 
had left her; kneeling beside the bed, still in her bondage-bride dress, her 
cock and balls still pierced by hundreds of needles. She looked completely 
exhausted, like she hadn't slept at all, her eyes red from crying as she swayed 
unsteadily. The sight brought a smile to Mistress Catherine's face. She loved to 
see a slave suffer. But she also appreciated the fact that Alice literally 
hadn't moved an inch during the night in a remarkable show of devotion to her 
mistress and Mistress Catherine felt something like affection for her new slave. 
She was clearly special.
After pissing in Alice's mouth, Mistress Catherine decided to stop the torture 
and began removing all the needles. Alice screamed and passed out very quickly. 
It proved very hard to keep her awake during this torture and after waking her 
up for the seventh time only to have her pass out again, Mistress Catherine 
decided to just leave her alone. She removed all of the needles in Alice's 
genitals after which she removed all of her clothes, except her corset and her 
heels. Then she removed the chastity device and tended to Alice's abused penis 
and even more abused testicles. To Mistress Catherine it looked like there was 
more than a fifty percent chance that Alice's genitals had been irreparably 
damaged, but time would tell. In the meantime they were guaranteed to cause her 
great pain for days and weeks, something Mistress Catherine could only be 
pleased with. Mistress Catherine washed Alice's genitals before applying a 
liberal dose of disinfectant to them. This caused Alice to wake up with a weak 
scream only to fall unconscious again. Finally Mistress Catherine covered 
Alice's genitals in a thick layer of soothing balm and sealed them in a plastic 
bag. Then she carried Alice downstairs into the dungeon. Here she blindfolded 
and collared her; put mittens on her hands and secured the mittens to the 
collar. She laid Alice down on a filthy mattress in the corner and chained her 
by the neck to wall before throwing a blanket over and leaving her.

Alice was allowed to heal for two days before Mistress Catherine demanded that 
she begin work. As her genitals began healing the pain increased until Alice was 
in constant pain, her every minute occupied by it.
Her first few months of service to Mistress Catherine was spent as a maid, 
confined to the house. The service required of her was not overly demanding, as 
Mistress Catherine wanted Alice to heal. Much to the surprise of both Mistress 
Catherine and Alice her genitals did not seem to be permanently damaged. After 
no more than two weeks Alice's cock stirred. She was dressed in a full-body suit 
made from black rubber, open only at the crotch and neck. It even had thin 
gloves at the end of the sleeves. She of course still wore a corset constricting 
her waist to fifteen inches and on her feet were black, ankle-high boots with 
seven-inch heels. A thick and broad leather collar encircled her neck, but other 
than that she was unbound. She was kneeling on the floor in front of Mistress 
Catherine; gently rubbing her feet while Mistress Catherine read a magazine. In 
spite of the constant pain in her genitals, the situation was very relaxing and 
rewarding at the same time, as it provided Alice with a chance to worship her 
mistress. Mistress Catherine's right foot was resting in Alice's cleavage while 
Alice strained her head forward to lick Mistress Catherine's toes when she felt 
a stirring in her crotch. When she realized what was happening she whimpered 
with gratitude and she cried a little and she thanked Mistress Catherine as her 
damaged cock rose to half-mast. Mistress Catherine looked up from her magazine 
and when she saw what had happened, she used her left foot to caress Alice's 
member gently. It hurt a great deal to have all that blood filling her cock, but 
having her cock, now free and functioning for the first time in years caressed 
by her mistress' foot was a fabulous turn-on. She became rock-hard in an 
instant. The pain was enough to make her scream, but the feeling of raw pleasure 
was also intense and the two combined to make Alice forget about the rest of the 
world. Her hands stopped caressing Mistress Catherine's other foot and her eyes 
rolled back in the socket as her breath became shallow and ragged, mixed with 
small screams of pain. Mistress Catherine decided to use the opportunity to make 
Alice her property, body and soul. Using her other foot to massage Alice's 
balls, she now drove Alice absolutely mad with pleasure and pain. The pleasure 
of having her genitals fondled by her mistress' foot, thus deriving pleasure 
from worshipping her mistress' feet, and the pain from having Mistress 
Catherine's feet trample her abused genitals soon had Alice on her way to a 
massive orgasm. She fondled her own tits and drool ran down her chin and when 
she came it was with a loud shriek of pleasure. As her cum pumped out over the 
floor and the chair Mistress Catherine was sitting in, Alice continued to shriek 
as her first orgasm in years wracked her body for what seemed like ages. 
Mistress Catherine finished her manipulation of Alice's member by stepping hard 
on both Alice's cock and her balls further increasing the intense pain/pleasure 
sensation. Finally Alice's orgasm loosened its grip on her and she collapsed on 
her side unconscious, a truly enormous puddle of cum on the floor in front of 
her.
When she came to, she crawled over to Mistress Catherine's feet and began 
kissing them, thanking her profusely for allowing her to cum. Before the orgasm 
Alice had loved her mistress like she should, but now she gave herself up to her 
completely. Mistress Catherine filled her universe and could now order her to do 
anything. Mistress Catherine smiled to herself as she ordered her new slave to 
clean up her own mess. Alice then licked up her own cum with great relish, 
enjoying the remains of her orgasm and relishing in her submission at the same 
time. It was hard to believe that she had once been a man and that she had once 
disliked being a slave. Not that there had ever been a chance of it, but now any 
thought of returning to life as a free person, was gone. Alice had become a 
super-submissive slut, craving domination every minute as she was beginning to 
loose the ability to make independent decisions. 

Over the next couple of months Alice's damaged genitals healed completely, but 
she was not allowed to cum again. Not that Mistress Catherine needed to grant 
her slave orgasms in order to keep her devoted. Alice now spent all the time 
thinking of how she might best please her mistress.




Chapter 6
Once the healing was over Alice was ready to assume the position Mistress 
Catherine had in mind for her. Her everyday life was that of maid and 
housekeeper. Mistress Catherine liked an exaggerated little-girl look for her 
and dressed her accordingly. On her feet were white ankle socks with lacy edges 
and her shoes were pink stilettos with seven-inch heels and locking ankle 
straps. Locking the ankle straps were little heart-shaped padlocks. Alice's 
chastity device remained the same, only now the sleeve holding her cock erect 
and constantly on the brink was made from pink rubber and the butt-plug holding 
the battery-pack had been increased in size considerably. She wore pink rubber 
hotpants, clinging tightly to her cute little ass and clearly showing her 
throbbing erection. 
Mistress Catherine had done away with Alice's corset, as she much preferred 
Alice showing off her flat stomach. Not that Alice's waist ballooned for that 
reason; it had been constricted for far too long for that and her diet didn't 
allow her to gain much weight. Mistress Catherine had also given Alice yet 
another intensive hormone treatment and she now sported a pair of massive 38DD 
tits. Her lips had also been enlarged somewhat, resulting in Alice's speech 
becoming lisping and more girlish.
Her tits were held by a tight, white top that just covered her nipples and was 
held up by a pair of thin spaghetti straps. It ended well above her navel, 
exposing her flat stomach. And since her hotpants ended just above her hips, the 
tip of her cock-sleeve, with her erect and throbbing member, was clearly visible 
above them. For Alice, who wanted to look as feminine as possible, this was very 
humiliating, but since her mistress had ordered her to dress like that, she had 
no choice. Besides, Alice had become so submissive that humiliation was now 
somewhat of a turn-on. 
Around her neck was a thin pink strap holding a pink, heart-shaped dog-tag 
reading: "Slave Alice, property of Mistress Catherine" on one side and a return 
address on the other. Alice wore predominantly pink make-up and her hair was 
done in pigtails with pink ribbons. On her wrists dangled a lot of junk 
bracelets and her nails were long, painted pink and perfectly manicured. 
Mistress Catherine demanded that Alice always look her very best.

Alice usually slept with Mistress Catherine in her king-size bed, wearing only 
her pink stilettos and ankle socks, her chastity device fitted. During the night 
she would do whatever Mistress Catherine ordered her to. In order for her to 
have time to prepare breakfast for Mistress Catherine and look good for her, 
Alice would rise two hours before Mistress Catherine. It wouldn't do to have an 
alarm clock, since it would wake up Mistress Catherine as well, so Alice had a 
special one that woke up only her. For this her chastity device doubled as an 
alarm. When it was time for Alice to get up it would deliver a most unpleasant 
shock to her cock and balls, instantly waking her up. The shock was so bad that 
it took some training for her not to jump out of bed, thus waking Mistress 
Catherine. A few punishment sessions, however, soon taught her to leave bed 
gently, in spite of the pain and the shock.
After getting out of bed she would go down into the dungeon where her clothes 
were and where she could prepare herself. First she would remove her shoes and 
pull out her butt-plug so that it dangled from its connections to the chastity 
sleeve, which Alice could not remove. Then she would give herself three enemas 
before showering in cold water. A lowly slave-slut like herself was not entitled 
to hot water. Then she would dress and apply make-up before preparing breakfast 
for Mistress Catherine. When all these preparations were finished, she would 
wake up Mistress Catherine, gently kissing and caressing her until she was 
awake. Alice loved this part of the day when she was allowed to show her 
affection for her mistress. After waking up, Mistress Catherine would present 
her pussy for Alice to eat, something she always did with relish. The rest of 
the morning she would assist in everything Mistress Catherine did, eating her 
pussy at least two times more before she left the house for her high-powered 
job.

Alice spent all day mincing around the house, cleaning, doing the laundry and 
cooking for Mistress Catherine. If she finished the day's chores early, she was 
ordered to go down into the dungeon to watch her movies. In a corner of Mistress 
Catherine's dungeon, which was almost as big as Mistress Angela's, was a TV 
connected to a computer. In front of the TV was a stool on which Alice would 
sit. Before the movies began Alice would connect a tube/cable to the tip of her 
chastity device. The cable part of it ended in the computer while the tube ended 
in a bottle. This was the signal to the computer to start the movie. A video 
camera, also connected the computer, checked that Alice assumed the correct 
posture: Back straight, legs together, ankles crossed and hands folded in the 
lap well away from her crotch. Failure to remain in this posture throughout the 
movie resulted in instant punishment in the form of painful shocks to her 
crotch. The movies would always be hard-core porn, mostly with S&M content 
involving shemales and trannies in fetish attire. While the movie played the 
sleeve's stimulation of her cock would increase to the point where Alice had 
real trouble not squirming and writhing while she tried to get off. Just once 
did she try to rub her erect member, imprisoned in its chastity device. Not only 
did the sleeve prevent her from bringing herself to orgasm, but also she spent 
the whole rest of the day being punished. First by the shocks being 
automatically administered by the sleeve and second by the returning Mistress 
Catherine, who was none too pleased by her disobedience. 
When Mistress Catherine returned Alice would invariably be flushed and excited, 
ready to do whatever she wanted in the futile hope that she might be granted an 
orgasm. Of course the orgasms never came, but Alice never stopped hoping.

Alice was left completely unbound when Mistress Catherine left the house, but 
she never ventured outside. Mistress Catherine's orders had been quite clear on 
that count. In the beginning Alice was also far too shy and self-conscious to do 
this. Gradually this shyness was removed as Mistress Catherine exposed Alice to 
strangers coming to the house. At first it was guests, whom Alice would service, 
both sexually and otherwise. This was not much different than it had been at 
Mistress Angela's house and it took little adjustment on the part of Alice. 
After that it was craftsmen coming to the house to perform repairs while both 
Mistress Catherine and Alice were in the house. Mistress Catherine would insist 
that Alice be near them at all times to provide whatever service they needed. 
This always ended in Alice either blowing them or being fucked and gradually her 
shyness wore of as she began enjoying the attention. She began to enjoy having 
them whistle when she walked by and she stopped to lean in as they fondled her 
ass. It slowed the work down, but Mistress Catherine didn't mind, as it was also 
training for her sissy-slave. After a while Mistress Catherine allowed the 
craftsmen in the house even when she wasn't around and she brought them in on 
the most trivial assignments, just so her sissy could get fucked while she 
wasn't around. This only increased Alice's affection for Mistress Catherine. 

The final stage was taking Alice out. First it was to parties and orgies at 
special clubs or at other mistress' houses, but eventually Alice was allowed to 
go shopping with Mistress Catherine in ordinary shops and not just the fetish 
shops. On these occasions Alice would be dressed as a normal, if very sexy and 
provocative, woman, always in skyscraper stilettos and tight skirts or pants. 
Her cock and balls would be pulled back between her legs and held there by a 
pair of brutal panties made of steel mesh. They squeezed her genitals something 
awful, but insured that her crotch was smooth and feminine. As per her 
mistress's orders Alice also learned to smile at this pain, even loving it 
because it meant a little freedom in the company of her mistress. Usually they 
went shopping for clothes for Alice and there seemed to be no limit to how 
provocative or slutty Mistress Catherine was willing to dress Alice. Walking, as 
ordered, three steps behind the classy and elegant Mistress Catherine, made 
Alice feel like a complete slut, a whore who was out of her league. Her heels 
were never less that six-inch spikes and her ultra-short skirts always showed 
off her cute, but full, sexy ass. Her tits were always held in such a way that 
it looked like they were about to burst out and usually she would have to work 
hard to keep her nipples from peeking out. To top it of her walk was that of a 
seasoned whore strutting her stuff. People would stop and stare at her in 
indignation and whisper "whore" at her just loud enough for her to hear. It 
didn't help that Mistress Catherine usually ordered her to lick or suck the shop 
attendants, so that Alice's make-up would be smeared when she carried the bags 
out of the shop, leaving some lucky attendant smiling dreamily.

At home Mistress Catherine would have Alice mince around in her new clothes 
before having sex with her. For Mistress Catherine sex with Alice meant one of 
two things: most of the time it would just involve Alice working long and hard 
to bring her mistress off, of course without getting off herself. But sometimes 
it involved making Alice scream for hours and hours as Mistress Catherine got 
off watching her slave being in pain.
A favorite of Mistress Catherine's was needle torture and often she would almost 
cover all of Alice's sensitive spots with needles. Alice had been left with a 
true fear of needles after her ordeal when Mistress Catherine first got her, but 
this only increased the pleasure for Mistress Catherine. Presenting the first 
needle to Alice as she hung tied to a padded cross always made her cry from 
fear, much to Mistress Catherine's amusement. These occasions were also the only 
times Alice was allowed to cum - sort of. The correct term was rather that she 
was emptied of sperm or milked, because there was no pleasure involved in it on 
her part. Once Mistress Catherine had had most of her sport with Alice and Alice 
hung crying on the cross, her tits and genitals covered with needles, Mistress 
would produce three especially thick needles. The sight of these would make 
Alice cry and beg, pleading Mistress Catherine to have mercy. But of course 
there was none, as Mistress Catherine would plunge a needle straight through 
each of her testicles. The third needle was inserted in the bundle of nerves 
that lies close to the surface of the skin just behind the scrotum. Just as it 
had been with her balls, this would make Alice scream in pain as she thrashed in 
her bonds. Mistress Catherine would then allow Alice to calm down a little as 
she connected the three needles to a control unit with thick wires. Alice knew 
what was coming and whimpered in fear as Mistress Catherine first secured a tube 
to the tip of her limp member. The tube ran down to a bottle, which would 
collect whatever ran out of her cock during the torture to come. The Mistress 
Catherine would lift up the control unit and pushed a button. At first only a 
weak, stimulating current was sent through the needle behind her scrotum. This 
soon resulted in her cock standing full-mast, throbbing with need in spite of 
the pain. After a while pre-cum would dribble into the tube and down in the 
bottle, as Alice's breath grew ragged and needy. Then the torture would start in 
earnest. Mistress Catherine would push another button and a strong electrical 
current would surge through her balls, making her scream her head off in pain as 
she thrashed uselessly in her bonds. The last part was a surge through the 
needle in her scrotum. This pulse was designed to make Alice expel the jism in 
her balls. Without giving Alice any pleasure, but rather intensifying her pain 
greatly, her cock would spurt out massive amounts of sperm, which would be 
collected in the bottle on the floor. The pain and the fact that she came 
without deriving any pleasure from it, drove her into a frenzy and while the 
jism spurted out she would scream soundlessly, red in the face all her muscles 
tense. When the current was turned off, Alice slumped limply back on the cross, 
crying with pain, humiliation and exhaustion. Mistress Catherine loved this 
moment and always brought herself off at this point. But the torture wasn't over 
yet. Mistress Catherine was nothing if not thorough. After Alice had hung on the 
cross for a few minutes, she would start over again and the process would be 
repeated until she was sure that Alice had no more jism. Of course Alice had 
very little left after the first round and after round two she would be 
completely empty, but this didn't prevent Mistress Catherine from repeating the 
process at least ten times before removing the needles and releasing Alice. 
Alice would be completely exhausted, but still she would always crawl over and 
kiss Mistress Catherine's boots, thanking her for being so good to her useless 
sissy-slave. The next day Alice would be required to drink the jism collected 
from her the day before because "it was good for her." 
Usually it took Alice a week to recover from these sessions, but Mistress 
Catherine still demanded that she be dressed her hotpants outfit the next day, 
the chastity sleeve fitted. Her cock and especially her balls would ache 
something awful, but still she would get hard and needy from the stimulation of 
her abused genitals.

Mistress Catherine was away on business quite often and when this happened, she 
didn't like for Alice to run freely around the house. Instead she thought that 
the time would be well spent if Alice used it to contemplate what a lowly sissy-
slave she was and how fortunate she was to have such a fine mistress. 
First Alice would be stripped naked; wearing only stilettos because she had lost 
the ability to stand flatfooted after having worn high-heels constantly for so 
long. Her chastity tube would be replaced by one having an external power 
supply, as Alice's ass would be occupied. A huge dildo, with a hole running down 
its center, was rammed up her ass filling her completely. Connected to it was a 
thick, transparent hose. This was used to pump shit out of her and enemas into 
her. The catheter built into her chastity device would take care of her urine. 
Alice would them be dressed in a full-body suit made from thick, black rubber, 
leaving only her crotch, hands and face free. Her waist was constricted by a 
severe corset and on her feet were put ballet-toed boots with ten-inch heels, 
effectively preventing her from standing up. Mittens squeezing her hands into 
useless cone-shapes were pressed onto her hands and her arms were twisted into a 
back-prayer, her bound wrists secured to the broad collar, which had been put 
around her neck. Then tubes were forced down through her nostrils and into her 
lungs, allowing her to breathe no matter what and a thick tube was forced down 
her throat and into her stomach. This would always bring Alice to the brink of 
panic and tears would stream silently down her face, as her vocal cords were 
rendered useless by the passing tube. Then she would be made to crawl or squirm 
her way across the floor and into the box that would be her home until Mistress 
Catherine came back again. Inside the box her legs would be strapped to the 
floor and she would be strapped down in a doubled-up position. The hoses were 
then connected and Alice would be blindfolded and her ears filled with plugs. 
Just before her ears were plugged Mistress Catherine would say: "Always remember 
what a worthless slave slut you are and how lucky you are to have a mistress to 
take care of you. You owe your mistress everything." After applying her 
earplugs, her head would be forced back until her face pointed as far upwards as 
it could and secured in place with a strap secured to her bound hands. Then the 
lid would be shut on the specially soundproofed box where Alice would stay, 
bound so that she was unable to move a muscle in her cramped up position. Food, 
drink and enemas would be pumped into her, while shit and urine pumped out. 
There was no sound and no other sensory impressions besides pain and discomfort 
and all she could think about was what a disgusting sissy-slave she was and how 
much she owed her mistress.

When Mistress Catherine returned and let her out of the box, Alice would be 
reduced to tears of gratitude at being let out again. Her muscles would be too 
cramped to even crawl properly, but still she would try to squirm over to kiss 
Mistress Catherine's boots. She loved Mistress Catherine stronger each time she 
was let out of the terrible box. The fact that it was Mistress Catherine who had 
put her in the box in the first place always faded as gratitude towards her 
Mistress filled her when she was let out.




Chapter 7
Life settled into a routine for Mistress Catherine and her sissy-slave. Alice 
would mince around in skyscraper heels wearing hotpants and doing her best to 
look like an oversexed pre-teen with huge tits. Mistress Catherine took her out 
once in a while, always making sure that these excursions were intensely 
humiliating for Alice. The excursions involved giving people blowjobs on the 
dance floor of discos or flirting openly with complete strangers in very public 
places, and always Alice was dressed extremely provocatively. Alice hated these 
excursions and began begging Mistress Catherine not to force her to participate, 
but of course this only increased the frequency of the excursions and resulted 
in added punishment for Alice for not obeying without question.

As for punishments, Alice received more than her share of them. Mistress 
Catherine really loved making Alice scream. She loved the way her face looked 
when she was in pain and she loved the hopeless begging and the futile 
struggling. Milking Alice without Alice deriving any pleasure from the 
experience was one of her favorites and the fact that Alice hadn't had a real 
orgasm since the fantastic orgasm, which Mistress Catherine had given Alice when 
she had first gotten her, only increased Mistress Catherine's pleasure. Pleasure 
derived from the fact that they both knew that it had been more than three years 
since Alice had been allowed a real orgasm. Sure, she had been milked plenty of 
times, but these milkings provided no pleasure, only pain. As for relieving the 
pressure, the milkings were woefully insufficient. Alice's was so oversexed from 
the hormones and the constant stimulation from her chastity tube that already 
the day after a milking she would be squirming with unfulfilled need. The fact 
that she was never allowed to cum did not diminish Alice's hope of one day being 
allowed to cum. She had been conditioned to be a complete bimbo, a real airhead, 
so the thought that she might never be allowed to cum, never entered her mind. 
She kept on hoping.

Sensory deprivation remained Mistress Catherine's preferred way of continually 
conditioning Alice. Mistress Catherine was often away on business so there were 
plenty of opportunities to lock Alice away in claustrophobic situations. Alice 
dreaded being locked into one of the fiendish boxes and staying locked inside, 
unable to move at all, blind and deaf except for the messages delivered by her 
earphones all encouraging her to be a good little sissy-slave while informing 
her of her utter uselessness. She dreaded the complete and utter loss of control 
the box entailed, the lacking ability to even eat or breathe. Her gratitude 
towards Mistress Catherine knew no bounds when she was let out after days and 
sometimes weeks in the box, her memory of who had locked her inside somehow 
erased by the long conditioning sessions.

The conditioning by first Mistress Angela and since by Mistress Catherine had 
removed even the smallest traces of independence in Alice. She depended utterly 
on others to make even the smallest decisions: when to eat, when to go to the 
toilet, what to wear and when in the company of strangers even what to say. 
Alice loved her mistress unconditionally and was unable to remember a time when 
she had been independent. It seemed to Alice that she must have been born this 
way: a fully-grown oversexed sissy-slave.

Mistress Catherine, however, was growing tired of Alice. The conditioning had 
gone so far that there were no challenges left and even the sport of the torture 
sessions was getting old. So she decided that it was time to get a new sissy to 
train and she knew just whom it should be. At the office she had hired a young 
man, a boy really, just nineteen years old. He did odd jobs around the office 
and he was perfect: no family, no friends and he had a slightly feminine way 
about him. Whenever Mistress Catherine talked to him, he blushed and looked away 
so it was a safe bet that he had a crush on her. Luring him over to her place 
would be almost too easy. She would of course have to train him from scratch, 
but Mistress Catherine thought that it was far too long since she had done 
something like that, so it was about time. She had all the pieces in place and 
was ready to go.

All that remained was what to do about Alice and of course she had plan here 
also. Mistress Catherine had recently met another mistress who ran a whorehouse 
catering to the most perverse only. All the whores were slaves and they were 
subjected to the harshest and most perverse treatment. Some the mistress in 
question, Mistress Latifa, caught and trained herself, while others were bought. 
Mistress Latifa had all kinds of slaves: men, women and all stages in between. 
For most of the slaves at Mistress Latifa's establishment life was harsh and 
brutal, and on average they lasted just six months before being completely worn 
out.

But before Mistress Catherine sold Alice to Mistress Latifa, she wanted to have 
some sport with her. One Saturday morning after breakfast Mistress Catherine 
started what was to be her last torture session with Alice. She started out by 
stripping Alice until she stood completely naked, wearing only her heels, a 
collar and her chastity sleeve humming away as it stimulated the needy slave. 
Alice did her best not to squirm, but her need was too powerful for her to stand 
completely still even after years of punishment. Then Mistress Catherine threw 
her a pair of boots and ordered her to put them on. As always this meant that 
she had to sit down, since she was unable to stand flatfooted. The boots were 
brutal: made of black leather and laced up to just below the knee, they were 
ballet-toed with ten-inch heels. Standing in them without help was out of the 
question. Nonetheless that was what Mistress Catherine demanded that she do. 
When Alice had fallen for the third time, Mistress Catherine exploded: "You 
useless piece of slave shit! You really are growing more and more worthless by 
the minute!" Alice tried apologizing but it was no use. Mistress Catherine had 
long since decided what would happen to her; she just liked the drama. First she 
put rubber mittens on Alice's hands, rendering them useless. Then, twisting her 
arm so that she had compete control over her, she helped Alice walk to the 
padded cross in the basement, where she strapped her up.
Slowly at first, but then with increasing speed and intensity Mistress Catherine 
then started whipping Alice. She used a modified, shorted version of a bullwhip 
so that she wouldn't kill Alice, but still the whipping had Alice screaming in 
no time. The screaming didn't stop Mistress Catherine, but rather encouraged 
her. By the time Mistress Catherine stopped the whipping, Alice was covered in 
angry red welts, only her face untouched. Her head hung down as she sobbed and 
tried to mumble excuses to Mistress Catherine. Mistress Catherine was just 
getting started and her next move was to rub Alice in a special ointment. The 
ointment smelled sweet enough and at first it felt pleasantly cool against her 
damaged skin. That soon changed as it began inducing a burning sensation in her 
skin, a sensation that grew and grew in intensity until Alice was screaming at 
the top of her lungs. Mistress Catherine just stood back and watched as Alice 
thrashed and screamed. Even though she had grown tired of her, Alice stills 
screamed most satisfactorily and Mistress Catherine brought herself to several 
orgasms while watching Alice scream in pain.
Finally, after almost and hour, the effect started to wear off and after almost 
an one and a half hours Alice hung limply on the cross, completely spent. Not 
that Mistress Catherine was finished, far from it. She untied the almost 
unconscious sissy from the cross and made her crawl across the floor for the 
next part of the torture. Alice perked up a great deal when Mistress Catherine 
removed her butt-plug/battery pack and her chastity device. In spite of the pain 
and exhaustion, her member became instantly hard. She was, however, smart enough 
to not try to masturbate.
Out of the floor rose a very large dildo made of steel with hard ridges along 
its entire length. Fortunately Alice was very lithe because Mistress Catherine 
made her slide down on the dildo, forcing her legs into a split until all of her 
leg touched the ground as did almost her crotch. Her legs were then secured to 
the floor by tying them to rings already embedded in the cement floor. Behind 
Alice's back a thick metal pole rose and Mistress Catherine used this to secure 
Alice so that she had almost no freedom of movement left. First she tied Alice 
hands in a back prayer and then she secured Alice collar to the pole. Alice was 
now impaled on the dildo and tied to the pole, sitting on the floor, her legs 
split as wide as they would possibly go. The position was very strained and more 
than a little painful, but still her cock stood throbbing with need and Alice's 
eyes pleaded with Mistress Catherine to please allow her to cum. Mistress 
Catherine smiled cruelly down on her slave. Then she produced a box full of 
needles, which made Alice cry with fear. This only made Mistress Catherine smile 
even more as she started the torture. Soon Alice was screaming and pleading as 
her tits were gradually covered with needles. When she was finished Alice was a 
sobbing whimpering wreck. Mistress Catherine stood towering above her, looking 
as sexy and dominant as ever. Even though Alice was in extreme pain she couldn't 
help but feel great affection for this cruel woman, but she was a little 
surprised that her genitals had remained untouched.
This reason for this became apparent as Mistress Catherine did something most 
unusual for a torture session. Mistress Catherine wore black, leather Oxfords 
with seven-inch heels made from ultra-thin metal. Now she used the sole of her 
shoe to stimulate Alice's throbbing cock. She pressed Alice's cock against the 
cold cement floor and rubbed it between the sole of her shoe and the cold, hard 
and gritty cement floor. It was painful, somewhat like having your cock rubbed 
with sandpaper while it was being squeezed hard, but it was also extremely 
arousing. Alice moaned, her head thrown back as she surrendered to the 
sensation. This was by far the most sexually arousing treatment she had been 
subjected to in years and she felt her orgasm building rapidly. And then, 
against all hope, Mistress Catherine allowed her to cum. She stepped extra hard 
on Alice's while grinding it into the floor and Alice exploded in a mind-blowing 
orgasm. She screamed and thrashed as her cum spewed out on the floor in a 
seemingly endless stream. Alice babbled out incoherent expressions of gratitude 
to Mistress Catherine as she was tied and impaled on the floor. In spite of the 
pain it had been perhaps the best orgasm of her life. 

However, the relaxed feeling in her whole body that Alice was experiencing, was 
not to last. Without warning Mistress Catherine kicked Alice in the balls with 
the pointy toe of her high-heeled Oxfords. The shock and the pain were so bad 
that Alice couldn't even scream. But it was only the beginning as Mistress 
Catherine started an avalanche of kicks to Alice's groin. The pain was 
excruciating and soon Alice found her voice and started screaming her head off 
before vomiting and loosing consciousness. Mistress Catherine patiently cleaned 
up the vomit, woke Alice up and continued where she had let up. After fifteen 
minutes of kicking Alice's balls were beginning to swell up, so Mistress 
Catherine changed tactics. She started using her sharp stiletto heels instead. 
She pressed the heel into one of Alice's testicles until Alice was beside 
herself with pain and it looked like the sack was about to pop. She held her 
heel there for endless minutes before relieving the pressure. Then she moved on 
the next testicle. She alternated between Alice's balls like that for what 
seemed like ages. Alice fainted several times, but Mistress Catherine just woke 
her up before continuing.
This went on for quite a while and Alice was sure that she had been permanently 
damaged when Mistress Catherine stopped. Although she was ready to collapse 
Alice babbled out her incoherent thank-yous to Mistress, glad that it was over.

Only it wasn't over. Mistress Catherine knelt down in front of Alice, took her 
chin and forced her to look her in the eyes. "Slave," she said, "I have grown 
tired of you; bored with your presence. So I'm selling you." Alice started to 
cry in earnest when she heard this, but Mistress Catherine slapped her face and 
continued: "Shut you worthless slut! Before I sell you, however, I have one 
final thing to do to you: I'm going to remove your useless nuts." Alice screamed 
in fear as she heard this. Her balls were probably badly damaged already, but at 
least she still had them. Now Mistress Catherine wanted to castrate her and the 
thought filled Alice with terror. But there was nothing she could do about it.
With an evil smile Mistress Catherine produced a nutcracker. To the sound of 
Alice's pleas for mercy turning into screams of pain, she used the nutcracker to 
destroy Alice's balls. She used it until each testicle was almost shapeless. 
Alice had passed out a couple of times, but each time Mistress Catherine had 
woken her up before continuing. Alice had screamed until her voice had broken, 
so she had nothing left as Mistress Catherine stood up for the final phase of 
the torture. Again using her sharp heels, she stepped on Alice's testicles until 
they popped. She continued stepping until she had opened a gash in the testicle 
sacks and blood was oozing out on the floor. The final humiliation came when 
Mistress Catherine reached into the badly damage testicle sacks and took out 
Alice's mangled balls and ordered her to eat them. Alice cried and begged, but 
there was no escape. In the end she swallowed her own balls.

Her time as Mistress Catherine's slave was over as she was sent off to the 
doctor to repair some of the damage. When she came back her crotch was smooth 
except for the pathetic and useless appendage, which hung there, tiny and limp. 
Alice was a sad, docile and sexless slave as Mistress Catherine sealed her in a 
crate and shipped her off to Mistress Latifa. She cried inconsolably, but there 
were no goodbyes between them. The goodbye had effectively been when Mistress 
Catherine had forced her to eat her own balls.

Alice stayed in the box for two days before she arrived at Mistress Latifa's 
whorehouse. As she blinked against the light Mistress Latifa looked down on her. 
Mistress Latifa was a tall and fat black woman. As she looked down on her new 
slave she sneered in contempt: "Two months I give you," she said, "Then they 
will have worn you out. Useless skinny bitch." Then she turned around and walked 
away, leaving Alice to her attendants.

Alice was immediately enrolled as a whore in Mistress Latifa's stable. She was 
outfitted with the standard uniform for feminine creatures at Mistress Latifa's 
brothel: black, leather boots, ankle high with three-inch platforms and nine-
inch stiletto heels, locked on her feet. Her hands were permanently encased in 
mitten, as were all the slaves' hands, and around her neck was a broad, black 
leather collar. 
There was no training since the customers were men and women of very special and 
very different tastes. Besides, it just wasn't economical to train the slaves. 
Instead she was pushed into a large room where all the slaves, not occupied with 
a customer, sat waiting for one. Once in a while a customer showed up and picked 
a slave who was then dragged off. There were all kinds of slaves in the room: 
men, women, sissies and women forced to act like boys and men. The other slaves 
acknowledged her presence with a nod at most, but all sat silently so as not to 
incur the wrath of the guards posted by the entrance. Alice noticed that she 
wasn't the only one who had been castrated. There was another sissy who not only 
lacked balls, but also arms. The sissy sat on a dildo-stool, her useless sex 
hanging limply between her legs, waiting for a customer to lift her off the 
pole. In a corner sat a man who had obviously been a bodybuilder. His hands were 
in mittens, just like the others, and he was naked except for his collar, which 
was chained to the wall in a way that forced him to crouch almost facing the 
wall. His body was covered in welts from a recent whipping and when Alice caught 
sight of his sex, she saw that he had been castrated too. Just like all the 
other slaves he looked both resigned and terrified, just waiting for the next 
cruel customer to come along.
Alice looked up and saw a woman approaching. She looked ordinary enough, dressed 
in tight leather and stiletto boots, but when she saw Alice her face broke out 
in a truly frightening grin and Alice guessed that she was going to have her 
first customer.

THE END

If you liked the story drop me a line. I would especially like to know which 
parts you liked a why. Write to: story_2nn@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





