BDSM Library - The Barmaid




The Barmaid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She didn't anything to provoke him, but he wasn't the simple bar customer he was pretending to be: he was studying her, because he wanted her...ï¿½ And he had her!
The Barmaid

(M/f, Abd, NC, Pony, ChastityB, Abuse)
By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com

0 Intro

She didn't anything to provoke him, but he wasn't the simple bar customer he was
pretending to be: he was studying her, because he wanted her... And he had her!




1 To the centre



(M/f, Abd, NC, ChastityB, Pony, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



"Your business, of course, but let me insist. She's not ready yet!".

They were completely careless of the poor Sonya, far from their feet less than
half meter.

A steel chain linked between her black leather collar and the eyebolt on the
floor was constricting her there, on her knees. But she wasn't caring about it
in that moment. Nor the pony-girl outfit which was humbling whole he body was a
trouble anymore. Even the terrifying slobbering interest of the principal's
snarling dog had wiped off from her mind along those few endless seconds.

Few seconds in which the light of hope just bleached deep inside her heart while
seeing a familiar face for the first time in three months, had suddenly thrown
away as soon as she heard him friendly speaking with the slave driver who have
had so great care about her along those last months of hysteria.

What's happening? She would surely exclaimed if the pitiful red ball-gag wasn't
preventing her in breaking the silence rule, so that sparing her the umpteenth
painful punishment.

Her fine body was all over still carrying on the signs of the closer of them,
while the most part of the older of them had faded down by the weeks.

Starting from the first hours of her arrival her torturer had forgiven her
nothing. Every slight fault had been punished promptly, even before she was
still aware that such rules were existing.

Seeing him has to have reawakened in Sonya's mind the dozed hope of an escape
from that awful place in which, she has learned, only pain and degradation have
room. 

But just a tick later that feeble expectation has turned in disbelief and
renewed desperation.

He was one of them!

And which was his relationship with her capturers?

The worst one, of course!

But why? She has always been very kind with him. She never provoked or offended
him! She always reserved him broad welcome smiles, and she never missed greeting
him at his arrivals and departs from her coffee-bar, always elegantly avoiding
at all of fooling in him.

And now! Now she was discovering that is him the real cause of that craziness.

"Let me train her properly. A slave needs to be broke. You prevented me even
from having her to fuck!" "She's yours, ok, but training has to be training, not
a picnic! You wonted her fully pierced, and this is ok, but piercings are done
still to hung weights, but no! Because you wanted to be the only one to torture
her nipples and her pussy! Hence now she doesn't know anything about sexual
behaviour toward a Master" "I only could slip her up some trifle anal plugs in
order to make her to bring the pony-girl tail, and those idiot special designed
kind of love-ball you gave me for her! What's the mean of it just you know it!"
"You are definitively unsuited to be a slave owner!".

In that moment the principal's dog had the opportunity to approach closer to
her, so close that its hot breath was hitting her face, which she just bowed in
retrieved fear and self-protection.

&lt;Hah! You are too fervent! You want her!&gt; He replied him while he was
switching between the beautiful shiny black animal and Sonya, and ignoring the
dog menaces he begun stroking her belted head in reassurance.

"Yes, it's truth! I like her. Even my dog wants her. I'm having to keep her
enough distant from it in order to have it performing its duties with the other
slaves. When it smell her scent it goes crazy... Very often I've been about to
release it and let it have your slave. She gets something strange... give her to
me!".

&lt;Naah, she's mine because I carefully chosen her, not for chance! I had a lot
of risks in kidnapping her and in travelling her here... And these three months
of wait have been enough, now I want her!&gt;.

While he was speaking with the centre trainer, he was sensing a sort of slight
unconscious stiffness in Sonya head under his hand. It would be a comprehensive
reaction from someone who discovers the responsible of such a plight, but isn't
a suitable attitude for a slave toward his Master... Had perhaps the principal
right about her training?

&lt;And moreover, her sexual preparation is well away. Those 'idiot special
love-ball' she has brought along these three months are studied in the way to
compel her womb performing the Kegel's exercise all the day long... and just a
little even during the night, isn't, little slave?&gt; He stroked harder her
head in scoffing, worsening so that her disbelief, and eventually he even
escaped a mocking laugh &lt;The battery-pack I asked you to keep always
charged&gt; and which she was still carrying over, well fastened to her
pony-girl suit &lt;supplies an electronic circuit which releases unpleasant
high-voltage/low-current electric discharges if the subject refuses clasping the
vaginal muscles during the planned periods...&gt; he escaped anew to laugh
&lt;The poor Sonya had to pull that naughty metal sphere up and down a couple of
centimetres along her love canal all the day and still a half hour into the
night, stimulating herself endlessly and improving her sexuality at the most...
without any kind relief, I hope... Yea?&gt;.

"That's all we needed! A training without real training but full of orgasms! I
personally checked she was always prevented to come at all! This is not a
vacancy place for slaves!"

"So, look at me. I've a proposal for you..." &lt;We already had an agreement you
have to honour it!&gt;.

"I'm making you a proposal! My reputation has never been matter of discussions!
Do not dare to offend me this way more over!"

&lt;I listen to you.&gt;

"I grant you your bill for her sojourn at the centre, and I twice it cash, and
you may choose another slave among those still unassigned. You may even decide
to gain it hereafter if at present there wouldn't be any one suitable for your
tastes... But I swear you that in this period I have such beauties in my stalls
that in less than one hour you'll step out of here carrying a stunning
mannequin, throughout trained and subjugated and craving for having sex... any
kind of sex, with you".

&lt;Mhmm. You are tickling me! I admit it!&gt; in that exact instant Sonya's
neck had a sudden froze, her head had completely stiffened under his caresses:
He wickedly did a step backward, and again that snorting black muzzle kept back
damping Sonya's cheek.

A desperate scared wine against a terrifying snarl. No escape no options! If she
was remained there, that monster would surely have his monstrous beast
performing monstrousness over her like he already does with the other slaves and
for sure it would be still worse with her!

This time was the principal who drew back his dog by the strong leash. And this
time the little creature immediately threw toward her Master as the only right
place into the world.

"My dog wants her so sturdily that I would have to leave her into its kennel at
least for the next month... She would have a lot of fun, believe me! And don't
worry for her, it never bite who gave it what it wanted".

All signs of resistance were disappeared. At his feet there was a slave
harnessed in black leather, chained knelt on the floor, with her arms harshly
constricted behind her back, with her head trapped into a leather grid which was
forcing a rubber ball between her jaws, who's vagina was still hiding and
necessarily cuddling a metal sphere, beat along three months, who, unworried of
having eventually found the real responsible of her present plight, was moaning
and rubbing herself like a pet toward his legs in the desperate attempt to be
accepted as his slave.

&lt;Sonya, Sonya... Now you know who I am. Are you sure having estimated what I
expect from you if I decide to keep you with me?&gt;. Yes, yes, yes yes, she
only could nod her cheek and her black hair against his trouser, wining and
weeping. &lt;It won't be simple thing to satisfy me, with a dog you would simply
have to widen your knees!&gt; He was still mocking her, but she was too scared
to get aware of it.

&lt;Remember, Sonya, you wont find any animal to accomplish to my mansion, but
your life under me will be however so hard... are you sure to be ready to
completely present your being to me?&gt;... !!!!

&lt;I'm sorry, principal, but it seems that I just found a different agreement
with my brand new slave: I will demand her more and more, and she will comply
with me promptly and fervently... Isn't, slave?&gt; Yes, yes, yes, yes,
yeeeeees! She was almost scratching her cheek against his leg.

"SHIT !. So... pay your debt and bring her out of here! And remember... You may
bring back her here whenever you want, but it will be the last time: next time
she will enter into the centre I will never let her go. An this is my last
word!".

&lt;C'mon, Sonya! Let's go to see your new home... But don't be sad... Your
beloved dog will wait for you: you could be back under its cares when you
want!&gt;


By Kray



... Any comment of yours would be really appreciated ...

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




2 Going Home



(M/f, Abd, NC, Pony, ChastityB, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



He's unable to remain more over far from her. He waited for almost one year. At
first he had to know her habits, and then he waited more over the perfect
occasion. Then he had to leave her into the training centre to dispel any
suspicious over him.

Now he couldn't stand anymore, he had at least to see her.

Hence he brought her into the passengers' room of his personal jet.

So that he might enjoy the plight of his new and special slave during whole the
journey.

Comfortably sat onto his roomy armchair, he was admiring his prey. He had tied a
chain to the airplane roof and he linked there her collar, compelling Sonya to
display herself just in front of him standing on her high heeled black knee-high
boots. He would have been able to touch her just raising one hand, but he was
avoiding it yet. He has desired her so fervently that he wanted savouring her
with systematic mind, starting at first from her view.

&lt;Sonya, Sonya. I'm so happy you decided to follow your fate under my
dominion. I desired you from the very first moment I spotted you into the pub in
which you worked into your former life.

Your stunning beauty, but more over your sweet manners were exciting me at the
most. So fine, so delicate, so gentle... I immediately understood you were in
the wrong place. I was already aware you needed to turn as soon as possible into
your natural position... Into the Slave you are!&gt;.

Despite he was having his sexual dream so close, instead of becoming excited, he
was relaxing more and more. The sight of that slender body more naked than
dressed, wrapped by that multitude of leather tongs and D-rings and padlocks and
chains was for him the substantiation that he was eventually owing her.

Moreover, there were a lot of more evidences comforting him further:

Her arms were cruelly crossed behind her back, in the way so that both back of
her ands were brushing the opposite shoulder blade; from her ass was still
hanging down a pony-tail, which was witnessing the undesired presence at least
of an anal plug up inside her; the crotch-strap which was preventing the anal
plug to slip out from torturing her ass was the same which was constricting the
special designed love-ball apparatus inside her love canal, and the electronic
circuit was still switched on, and her efforts in pulling the internal metal
sphere before it shocked again her inner most were well perceptible from his
comfortable position. The metal sphere was kept in place by an elastic rubber
support, a kind of thin stretchable cylinder bolted to the crotch-strap. They
lasted three months that she was forced to fight against it, pulling desperately
at the metal sphere with the only strength of her vaginal muscles, striving each
time to gain enough elongation of the rubber cylinder in order to avoid the
dreaded spark.

The overt view of Sonya's abdomen rhythmical contraptions was cuddling and
relaxing over him like a sweet music.

&lt;And I decided you had to become it eventually. And the events granted me the
point! A slave trainer, used to own and abuse hundreds of slaves of any kind
gone out of his head for you... And his dog too!&gt; She only was able to raise
her defeated eyes to her master. She was even unable to think anything, she
could barely understand his words.

But even if she was able to articulate something in her mind, what could she do
with?

&lt;Please, slave, spin on... slowly, so slowly, so that your owner could check
his property&gt;.

She simply obeyed, automatically, as she learned doing at the training centre.

She was slowly sway, in a silent sad dance around, slowly showing her master her
flank, with its many leash stripes all over, but chiefly over her lustful shaped
haunch and thighs. Despite he asked to be the only in charge to torture her
tits, he noticed some 'casual' stripes along whole her lateral chest up to her
tit side. Never mind, he was enough satisfied having avoided her worse abuses,
which, in the case he considered to get her through by his hands.

Then her back was to his inspection. Her arse, trapped between the crotch-strap
and the well tightened waist band which was exalting its roundness and
defenceless, was almost uniformly swollen by the continuous spanks and whips,
and the leather fringes tail spurting from inside it was crowning that
masterpieces of lust. Bus weren't these the only improvements of it &lt;You're
your back, raise your butt, and wide your feet, slave!&gt; With her back
sensually arched and her stunning legs straight and widened, she bent down, so
that the last surprise became in good view: a couple of golden piercing rings,
2.5 cm of diameter, were digging beside the anal entrance, like two knocker in
the await of guests.

&lt;Very good job, they will be so useful to link chains and other toys... Stand
up again now!&gt;.

Although those poor arms crossed and so up constricted and tied there were
arousing pity, they were also inspiring him an intoxicating sense of power over
her, so that he was torn about it.

&lt;In three months your arms have reached a considerable level behind your
back, how long they are kept tied like this, more than 4 hours?&gt; Yes, she
meekly nodded him, well knowing how awful is the punishment for a lying slave
&lt;Shit! More than 8 ?&gt; Yes again, but with a certain degree of hesitation
&lt;... If I would slip out the ball-gag from your mouth, would you blindly obey
me?&gt; Yes... Of course!

The ball-gag slipped out, and although its presence was still impending just
below her chin, her relief was immediate. She was almost continuously wearing it
from weeks. He handed her lips some water to drink, then he remained there,
upright behind her back whole the time she needed to recover her jaw
functionality. &lt;So ?&gt; "M... Master... T... This pony is by now used to
keep his arms tied like this for 6 hours periods, with an hour or two of
recover..." &lt;Good, arms well trained, I'm pleased, but now I would have
different ideas, have you intentions to continue obeying me blindly, slave?&gt;
She fought the weep and  "T... This pony will blindly obey his Master". He
loosened so that her arms, slowly, to avoid any possible injury. Then he gave
her collar chain a good slack and he unlocked almost every padlock all over her
suit, and he even switched of the love-ball controller system. Eventually he
returned comfortably sat onto his armchair.

&lt;To begin, there are different rules under my owning... You have to speak
anew in first person about yourself. I don't consider you 'a thing', but
something 'mine', whatever you are, pony, slave or person, no matter. And I
think that owning a person, his body, his being, is a more stimulating sensation
than owing a simple thing... Ok?&gt; she needed a little more time to answer him
a relieving "Yeeees, yeeees, Masteeeeer". A long series of sniffles witnessed
the terrible humiliation she had undergone at the centre being forced of
thinking about herself in terms of an animal.

&lt;Don't delude yourself, you will be however kept strictly tied, even worse
than before, I like it... You will suffer, don't doubt about it! I only consider
you human, nothing more!&gt;

But it is not poor thing for someone who just tasted an animal existence!

&lt;Now slave, strip you naked, throw every device in that basin, then take it
and we'll switch to the bathroom for a shower&gt;.

It was an hard job to slip out those devices from her inner most in front of a
'new' stranger, moreover in front of someone who was considered out of
suspicious not more than a couple of hours before. But the idea of having a
shower was the dominant impulse.

He was true to his word. Leading her by the chain leash always linked to her
collar, he had her relieving her bladder and having a hot shower into the little
but well furnished airplane bathroom.

Barely wiped and still with a dry towel around her head, he returned her in the
same place as before, chained to the roof, naked, standing in front of his
comfortable armchair.

She was even somewhat dazed since he had still carefully avoided touching her,
despite her manifest defencelessly. She could only suppose his deliberate choice
to wait in order to savouring those moments at the most.

&lt;Sonya, you are incredibly sexy, and this is the reason of your abduction
indeed, and the pony-girl suit exalts your beauty incredibly, you will spend a
lot of time trapped inside such a kind of furniture... as well as into your
chastity belt, expressly made for your body, it will protect your virtue against
temptations of any kind... it is an anti-self-satisfaction model, I look forward
to trap you there...&gt;

A glimpse of alarm got through her eyes, but what could she do about?

&lt;Collar, leash and chastity-belt are becoming regular garnishes for you. but
don't despair, the chastity-belt will be still a welcomed protection when you'll
be whipped&gt;.

The glimpse of alarm hadn't even had the time to turn into fear that he gave her
his next order.

&lt;Now slip on that garter belt and carefully hook that pair of dark stockings
to it. Then those heeled shoes, and then we'll decide if you are ready to
display yourself to your master as suitable for the slave you are&gt;.

Yes, the stockings were so dainty, delicately embroidered, so finely fascinating
that every woman would desire wearing and show them: and the garter belt too was
indeed a manufacture masterpiece, black transparent, almost impalpable like the
hoses, but the problem were the souses:

Black, heeled and elegant, of course, but the ankle laces were not conceived
simply to buckle them, they were indeed strong leather ankle cuffs, and the
buckles were still mounting key holes.

No way! The chain which was securing her neck to the roof was still disarming
her spirit. Humbled, she obeyed. Upright in front of her owner she performed her
first duty for him. She picked up and she wrapped the garter belt around her
narrow waist and she buckled their hooks just before to spin it in the right
position. Then, slowly and shedding silent warm tears, one after the next she
elegantly slipped those comfortable transparent black, embroidered stockings
that she carefully pulled them up and linked them to the garter belt's straps.

If only he hadn't to recover all those days of apprehension, he couldn't have
resisted to such a kind of show, and she would have already capsized her over a
seat with his rage between her thighs.

But he was exhaust. He was draining adrenaline out.

His mind was deeply enjoying those moments, but his body wasn't following it in
the usual way. He only was able to relax and relax admiring his capitulated
prey..

He had whole the time he wanted at least, for the moment he was preferring fully
enjoying her unforeseen extreme subjugation.

And eventually she clicked the beautiful souses to her ankles, well knowing that
it wasn't the last submission act she had to perform toward who was definitively
owing her.

She had right guessed: &lt;Good slave! Now give me your hands crossed behind
your back&gt;

Two pair of leather cuffs: one joining together her wrists, one keeping close
her elbows about 10 cm.

Still giving him her back, she felt his hands grasping her leash and her hobbled
elbows &lt;I know I'm too kind, but if you persuade me that you'll stay quiet, I
could decide to allow you to stay comfortable like this along the travel...
Hence?&gt;

Since he hadn't released her yet, she couldn't attempt anything than speaking

"M... Master... This... ehm... I ... I swear, Master... I'll be quiet, Master...
I'll be quiet and in silence as long as you plan... Master... ... Thank you,
Master, for this undeserved kindness"

&lt;It is only a short rest, and you will earn it only if you are pleasing your
master displaying him your piercings&gt;.

He felt proud having prevented the trainer from removing her pubic hairs, she
was incredibly sexy with that black tuft among black garter belt and black
stockings hung up by black straps.

He enjoyed that show, together with that performed by his prey who was showing
him her golden rings that were entrapping her rose nipples.

He demanded a special piercing for her nipples: they were double piercing. Each
nipple was pierced either horizontally and vertically, a sort of crossed
piercing. Both were executed when the nipple was sucked up inside a syringe, so
that the nipple was pierced below its base. The piercing bars ended in a thin
steel ring which was encircling the nipple below its natural base, this way the
nipple was permanently elongated. Sonya's nipples were actually 1,5 cm long, and
they weren't erected yet!

Moreover, to the ring which was encircling the nipple base, was bolted a second
ring, a golden ring, two cm. of diameter, through which was possible to easily
thread a finger, even if in order to do this, it was mandatory to squeeze the
long nipple!

Even the rings at the sides of her anal entrance were of the same measure. The
only one littlest was that which was declaring Sonya's clitoris property of her
Master. Not even those sewed into her inner and outer labia were less than two
cm. . Only that one which was constricting her sensitive button outside of its
protection hood was thin and little.

&lt;Display it better, Sonya. It is the most interesting one of my collection.
It has either, a symbolic and practical mean: it points out that it belongs to
me, and it gives me full power over it... it has no escapes anymore&gt;.

She found a sort of elegant kindness in his movements for helping her to lift
her right knee and support her foot over his armchair, in order to offer him
right view of his properties.

So shy as her nature was, she was finding a lot of difficulties on putting in
display her most intimate spots even in front of her lover, but three months
under that cruel being were enough to persuade anyone that to obey was the
lesser of two evils.

And she had to admit that, despite the insult of having abducted and enslaved
and having had her trained into that awful place, she felt a sense of protection
when he kept her face between his hands to better admiring the rings which were
trapping her nose's septum and tongue. Still, both large enough to allow a
finger through.

He got a sudden surge of adrenaline. That sweet kind face which he has desired
along all those months was eventually between his dominant palms! Her middle
length hair were tickling his wrists, and her dark green eyes were staring
hopefully at him. &lt;No! No Sonya! It is uselessly that you ask for it: you
will suffer! I'll torture you, and a lot! I dreamed it along almost one year,
and I'm looking forward of whipping, humbling, and abusing you. I promised you
just to avoid having you fucking with animals, and it will be like this, because
I don't like it, but as soon as we'll arrive to my mansion, the first thing I
need is to whip you for a while... hence, now better you get a rest&gt;.

Terrorized, she knelt in place, and she waited he leaded her to the floor,
around his feet, where, physically and morally exhaust, she silently wept in
despair.

But just before she felled asleep, when our mind is about to fly away and we are
more receptive of whatever is arriving either from all the world around than
from our own inner, she had a foreign sensation of comfort and protection,
feeling him gently threading a little pillow under her chin and wrapping her
basically naked body into a warm blanket.


By Kray

... Any comment of yours would be really appreciated ...

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





