BDSM Library - Will: Pony Boy in China




Will: Pony Boy in China
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Will and John are abducted while on business in China. Their new master turns Will into a pony boy in the most brutal manner. John is turned into a sissy-slave in an equally brutal manner.
Will; pony boy in China
by 2NN

This is not a story for minors.

Thanks to Will for the inspiration to this story.

Chapter 1
Will and John had been in Shanghai for about a week when general Wang invited 
them for dinner. Will and John worked for two different companies working on the 
same project: the construction of a huge hotel- and shopping complex. Will 
worked in marketing and was in Shanghai to work on the advertising for the 
project. John was a junior accountant for the bank providing most of the 
financing and had been sent to check on the progress of some of the minor 
details, like advertising. 
It wasn't the first time the two men were on assignment together. The bank often 
chose the same partners in bigger projects, so Will and John knew each other 
quite well. Although Will didn't know, John had serious crush on him, but since 
it was quite clear that Will wasn't a homosexual, John had never dared reveal 
his feelings towards the other man. Instead he settled for requesting Will's 
company on the thinnest of pretexts.

General Wang wasn't strictly a general; at least not any more. He had spent 
twenty years in the People's Liberation Army before retiring to become an 
exceedingly successful businessman. The general had maintained his extensive 
network of contacts in the administration and most companies found that doing 
business through him made everything go smoother. In fact things went so much 
smoother when the general was involved that most companies didn't mind paying 
him his six digit fees. Fees always paid for in dollars or similar hard 
currencies.

This evening the general had taken his two guests two a very exclusive and very 
private restaurant, far away from the modern city center of Shanghai. Neither 
Will nor John had ever heard of the place and they thought that they were the 
only westerners there, although they couldn't be sure. The restaurant had no 
great open spaces, but instead had a number of exclusive and private dining 
chambers.
It was Will and John's final night in Shanghai and the general had promised them 
a very special night. He had taken them to see a show that had delighted Will 
and embarrassed John and now he intended to finish the evening with dinner at 
this exclusive place. Drinks had been served and already Will and John were 
unconscious. The drinks had been filled with a strong sedative and both were 
sleeping soundly.

The general had wanted these two as his property since he had first laid eyes on 
them six days ago. John was quite tall, 6' 2", but very slight of build with 
tiny hands and feet and somewhat feminine features. He had very light skin, hair 
so blonde it was almost white and blue eyes. 
General Wang had instantly noticed that the man was gay and that he had a crush 
on the other westerner. Wang was a very experienced master who had had scores of 
slave boys and he had an eye for what to use a slave for. John would be perfect 
as a sissy maid. A tall, sissified and utterly obedient western slave-"girl", 
with blonde hair, blue eyes and fair skin would be a very nice addition to his 
stable.
As for the other man, Will, he was a prize. Taller even that John, at 6' 4" Will 
was a muscular and very handsome man, also with blonde hair and blue eyes. His 
blonde hair was a couple of shades darker than Johns, but looked strong and 
fine. He had a winning and very confident way about him and if he was gay, he 
hid it very well. General Wang looked forward to breaking him completely and he 
had very specific and very brutal plans for Will.

For now Wang called for his men to come and take the two unconscious men, strip 
them, tie them up and carry them to his car.

When Will woke up he couldn't move properly. His memory was hazy and at first he 
thought that he was just very fast asleep, but as he came to he found out that 
this was not the case at all. He was tied up! He was tied up and he was naked! 
Will was shocked wide-awake when he realized this. His thighs had been strapped 
to his calves, but his legs had not been strapped together, so his legs were 
held in a kneeling position. He was unable to move his fingers since his hands 
had been encased in a pair of thick, rubber mittens and his arms were tied 
behind his back and had been strapped to his body. He had been gagged with a jaw 
wrenching black, ball gag and he was lying on his side on the floor of what 
looked like a very luxurious limousine. On the floor beside him John lay tied up 
in the same way, still unconscious.
As he began to look around, Will heard a familiar voice coming from behind him: 
"Ahh, my little slave. I see that you are awake. How delightful." The voice was 
general Wang's, as always in prefect English with a trace of British accent. The 
general had attended Oxford in his youth. Will turned his head with great 
difficulty and saw the general sitting in the back seat of the limousine, 
sipping a large scotch. The general was heavily built man of average Chinese 
height, with strong, angular features, black hair and deep, black eyes. He 
smiled to himself and his new slave as he continued: "As I said, you are now my 
slave and I promise you that soon you will beg, or try to beg, to be fucked by 
me, even though you may not be a homosexual like your friend over there." The 
general nudged John with his boot, and John, who was gradually coming around, 
groaned. Will shook his head and tried to shout "No" to the general, but all he 
managed was mumbled, gurgling sound, which made Wang laugh. Will definitely 
wasn't gay and he was never going to beg to be fucked by another man!

John had come around and the general addressed them both: "You no doubt think 
that I just can't kidnap you like this and that someone will come looking for 
you very soon. Well, don't get your hopes up my little bitches. Tomorrow the 
police, with whom I have very good connections, will find the burned out shell 
of the taxi you two left the restaurant in. They will find badly burned corpses, 
which they will conclude are you two. Case closed." Will and John protested 
behind their gags as the general continued: "Neither of you have any family to 
spur the search on and the bank will only look half-heartedly for you John. It 
seems that you have found documents potentially embarrassing to your boss. He 
called me personally yesterday and asked if I could take care of it." Turning to 
Will the general said: "As for you, you useless, little slave boy, it seems that 
the competition in your company is turning nasty. Your boss thinks that you are 
aiming for his position, so he also called me for a little favor. I was actually 
going to nab you two regardless, but now it seems that I getting paid for it as 
well! Capitalism is truly wonderful!" Both Will and John got very scared when 
they heard this. The general's words rang all too true. John had discovered that 
his boss was stealing millions from the company and Will had been aiming to take 
his boss's position. And with the general's renowned connections, there was no 
doubt that he would be able to fake their deaths. It dawned on the two men that 
maybe the general was really going to turn them into slaves.

As they lay on the floor thinking about it, Wang set down his glass and got down 
on his knees just behind Will. He grabbed Will by the hair and twisted his head 
so that he was forced to look straight into the general's eyes and said: "You 
are nothing but a weak, little western slave boy. Even if you don't know it yet, 
you are going to both fear and love my touch. I am going to break you completely 
to my will and turn you into a little faggot; a slave boy who loves getting 
fucked up the ass, only hard. So let's get started." He opened his fly and 
pulled down his pants to reveal a huge cock, starting to get very hard. The cock 
was huge as it was, but it looked even bigger since the man sporting it wasn't 
that large. The cock was both long and very wide, and Will could see the veins 
pulsing on its side. There was no way he was going to let that thing into his 
ass! But here he was mistaken of course. The general saw the look on his face 
and smiled contemptuously. Then he grabbed Will's balls and began squeezing them 
ever so slowly. Not very hard at first, but gradually increasing the pressure. 
Then he spoke to Will: "You will loosen up and let me fuck you, or I will 
squeeze you filthy nuts off! Understood?" Will understood all too well. He was 
completely helpless and his balls were beginning to hurt in earnest so a few 
seconds later he admitted defeat and nodded vigorously to Wang that he could 
indeed fuck him. Again Wang smiled contemptuously as he lubed up Will's ass, 
grabbed his hips and said just before entering: "You will address me and think 
of me as Master Wang." With that he pressed his huge cock slowly up Will's ass. 
Will had never had anything up his ass before and it hurt like hell. Several 
times he inadvertently squeezed his butt-cheeks together. Each time Master Wang 
grabbed him by the balls and forced Will to loosen up. 
John watched in horrified fascination as Master Wang fucked Will. When Master 
Wang had pressed his cock all the way up Will's ass, Will was completely red in 
the face and he groaned loudly and it looked like his eyes were about to pop out 
of his head. Master Wang began fucking Will with long, slow strokes, really 
taking his time. John had never been into S&M or bondage, but he found the 
situation very sexy. He had wanted to see Will naked for long and now here he 
was: naked and bound, being fucked by another man. Against his will John felt 
himself getting aroused, his member soon throbbing for attention.

Meanwhile Master Wang had begun fondling Will's cock. Will hated every second of 
the fucking and at first nothing happened. But after a while it became clear 
just how skilled a dominant Master Wang really was. The combination of the slow 
ass-fucking and Master Wang masterful touch began to excite Will against his own 
will. Without him wanting it, his cock became rock-hard, throbbing with urgent 
need and suddenly he exploded in a fantastic orgasm. He moaned and his face 
became red as his eyes rolled back and his jism spurted out on the floor of the 
limousine. Soon after Master Wang came, pumping his cum up Will's ass.

Tears of shame and pain rolled down Will's face in spite of his best efforts to 
hold them back and behind him he heard Master Wang chuckle: "Now this is a very 
fine and expensive car, so it must be kept clean. You will clean up your mess." 
With that he removed Will's gag and ordered him to lick up the cum on the floor. 
Will started to object, but Master Wang would tolerate no suck thing: "How dare 
you object, you filthy western slave pig! Clean it up!" With that he grabbed 
Will's testicles and squeezed them viciously, while twisting them at the same 
time. Will screamed and tried to beg for mercy, but Master Wang just kept up the 
pressure. After a good, long while he released Will's balls and said: "Well?" 
Will wasted no time and instantly started to lick up his own cum from the 
carpeted floor. It was revolting. Not only did his mouth filled up with cum, the 
taste of which he definitely didn't like, but also it filled up with lint from 
the carpet, making his mouth feel all wooly.
Master Wang, however, was far from finished. He pointed to John's raging hard-
on: "It seems that your friend enjoyed the show." John looked down in shame, his 
face burning. "Why don't you give him a nice blowjob?" Will looked completely 
lost, but after a few seconds he started to object. This got him nowhere and 
soon he was screaming as Master Wang struck his balls with a vicious blow from 
the palm of his hand. Again Will had no choice but to obey. 
To John's great shame and to his equally great delight Will started sucking his 
cock. For Will it was hateful and disgusting but for John is was almost heaven. 
He had dreamt of having Will sucking his cock for so long. It wasn't exactly the 
way in which he had dreamt of it happening, but it still very good, even if 
Will's abilities as a cocksucker needed improvement. John hated the prospect of 
being turned into a slave just as much as Will did, but this was part of a dream 
come through, even if it was in an evil and twisted form. In minutes John was 
screaming his orgasm out behind his gag, his warm, salty cum pumping into Will's 
mouth. As it happened Master Wang grabbed Will's balls tightly and ordered him 
to swallow it all. With disgust Will complied and swallowed the salty liquid.

Afterwards John lay on the floor with dreamy, guilty look on his face. He had 
just cum in the mouth of man he loved and didn't want to hurt, and he had done 
it because he couldn't control himself, even if the situation was disgusting. He 
tried to catch Will's eye and communicate some sort of apology, but Will had his 
head turned away in shame. 
However, they still had along way to go and Master Wang had more sport planned. 
He again grabbed Will by the hair and pulled him up so that he sat on his knees 
just in front of Master Wang's seat, facing Master Wang's crotch. Will thought 
he knew what was going to happen and looked defiantly at Master Wang. Master 
Wang on the other hand had seen it all before. Before Will could even react he 
produced a ring gag, which he quickly forced into Will's mouth, forcing it open. 
He secured the strap behind Will's head and looked his new slave in the eyes and 
said: "You are going to suck my cock ever so gently, constantly providing me 
with stimulation without making me cum. You will only bring me to orgasm when I 
order you to and you will swallow everything. Understood?" Tears of shame and 
defeat ran down Will's face as he forced himself to nod. Then his face was 
pressed into Master Wang's crotch where he was forced to take his half-erect 
member into his mouth and begin sucking.
The trip lasted forever and Will swallowed Master Wang's load five more times 
before they arrived and Master Wang once again gagged him. 

Upon arrival Master Wang addressed them: "Your new lives as my property is about 
to begin. Before you can assume the roles I have in mind for you, some 
modifications have to be made to you. I will see in a few days when you have 
completed the first part of your transformation." Will and John were very 
worried what these "changes" might mean, but were unable to offer any objections 
as Master Wang left the car. A few seconds later a number of uniformed guards 
appeared to move them. The guards were coarse men who spoke no English, but once 
they had dragged Will and John out of the car it became apparent that they 
shared a common interest with their superior. Each slave was quickly equipped 
with a ring-gag and then the fucking began in earnest. Will and John emitted 
gurgling, little screams whenever they had the chance, but for most of the six 
hours that followed they both had their ass and their mouths stuffed with 
someone's cock. Finally, after six hours of brutal fucking, the guards had had 
enough. Will and John were thrown onto a stretcher and carried off to a nearby 
building. There was room for both on the stretcher since the two men were tied 
up in kneeling position, but even if there had been less room none of them would 
have noticed. The two new slaves were completely exhausted from the long, brutal 
fuckings. A mixture of sperm and blood oozed out of their asses and cum leaked 
out past their gags as drool.

The guards carried them for about ten minutes and then deposited them in a 
clean, white hospital room. A man in doctor's whites inspected them and dictated 
something in Chinese to his assistant. Then both men were injected with 
something and they fell unconscious.




Chapter 2
When Will woke up again he was lying in a hospital bed, feeling very weak and 
disoriented. As he gradually came around, he found out that he had very little 
movement left to him. He seemed to be tied down and only able to move his head 
with some degree of freedom. Recalling the events after being kidnapped by 
Master Wang he wasn't all that surprised, but as he got around to opening his 
eyes he got a shock. He had no arms! His arms had been cut off! There weren't 
even any stumps; his shoulders looked to be completely smooth underneath the 
bandages, although he couldn't sure. He emitted a short scream of terror before 
he began crying at his loss. After crying for several minutes he calmed down and 
med three more shocking discoveries. First of all his feet were bandaged. What 
this meant he didn't know, but it couldn't be good news. Secondly he seemed to 
be completely hairless, except for what felt like a ridge of hair along the 
center of his head. He didn't even have pubic hair. Finally his teeth had been 
removed. He was completely smooth-gummed. Will had a pretty good idea why his 
teeth had been removed and it made him cry even harder. Master Wang was no doubt 
going to force him to perform an endless series of blowjobs. 
As he lay there crying Master Wang appeared by the side of the bed, smiling 
broadly. "I see that you are awake ad proving what a disgustingly weak western 
slave boy you are," he said, "I always knew that you were a worthless piece of 
slave meat." He signed a little theatrically before going on: "Nonetheless its 
time to start your training." By now Will had regained some of his composure and 
began yelling insults at Master Wang. Master Wang calmly looked at him and 
turned to fetch something from a nearby table. It was a pair of large clamps 
with electrical wires connected to them. He flung aside Will's blanket revealing 
that Will was strapped to the bed. He then took the clamps and closed them 
around Will's testicles. The pressure alone was unbearable and made Will scream 
with pain, but Master Wang wasn't finished. He turned a knob on the control box 
on the nearby table, sending current through Will's balls. Will screamed and 
tried to thrash free, but he could only move his head. The pain was unbelievable 
and after a full minute of dreadful pain he fell unconscious. When he came to 
Master Wang was looking him straight in the face. Speaking in a very commanding 
tone he said: "You are a slave. You will never speak unless asked to. The first 
and last words of every sentence when addressing me will always be "Master, 
please Master". Is that that understood?" Will nodded frantically and managed to 
reply: "Yes." Instantly current surged through his genitals making him scream 
and thrash all over. Master Wang tried again: "Is that understood?" and Will, 
stupid with fear and pain, again replied: "Yes." Again Master Wang applied the 
electrical current and again Will screamed and thrashed. This went on for some 
time before Will finally understood and replied: "Master, please Master. I 
understand, Master, please Master." 
Master Wang patted him on the head and removed the clamps. Then he said: "As I 
said before you so stupidly interrupted me, its time to begin your training. The 
first thing a slave must be able to do is to give proper blowjob." Without 
further ado he unzipped his fly and took out his member. Stepping all the way up 
to the edge of the bed, he undid the straps holding Will's upper body and pulled 
Will's head into his crotch. Will definitely didn't want to blow Master Wang, 
but the recent electrical torture had taught him that disobedience was extremely 
painful, so he instantly began sucking the other mans cock. As he sucked his 
face burned with humiliation that he was so easily controlled. Still he sucked 
and licked eagerly to avoid punishment. Master Wang was not impressed by his 
technique and corrected him several times. Further humiliating himself, Will 
complied with Master Wang's orders to avoid further punishment and after a good 
long while Master Wang shot his load into his mouth. Master Wang noted with 
satisfaction that he didn't even have to tell Will to swallow. He had already 
been taught that lesson and Master Wang pointed this out to Will with some 
satisfaction, humiliating the slave boy even more.

Master Wang now zipped his fly and looked at Will before proceeding: "Although 
slaves never deserve it and therefore shouldn't expect it, there are sometimes 
rewards. Like now." Master Wang then grabbed Will's cock, making him gasp in 
shock and fear of renewed punishment. Instead Master Wang began manipulating 
Will's member ever so gently. At first it was still too tender from the 
punishment, but very soon Will found himself responding, getting almost 
painfully erect. Soon he was moaning with passion and as his orgasm built Master 
Wang leaned in, grabbed his head and kissed him deeply. To his great surprise 
Will found himself responding to the kiss as he exploded in a magnificent 
orgasm, shooting what seemed like a fountain of cum. As his hips tried to thrust 
Will leaned into the kiss with passion. When his orgasm was over Master Wang 
presented his cum-soiled hand to Will who dutifully licked off his own cum. 
Master Wang stroked his cheek gently and said, in a tone dripping with derision: 
"Such a revolting little homo slave boy." Then he turned and left, leaving a 
very confused and humiliated Will behind.
Will was extremely confused. Why had he enjoyed Master Wang's touch so much? How 
come the kissing had turned him on so much? He didn't understand. What Will 
didn't know was that Master Wang had been pumping him full of hormones while he 
slept, something that would be done to him constantly while he was Master Wang's 
slave. The hormones made him permanently horny and any touch to his genitals 
provoked an excited response. His passionate response to Master Wang's kiss was 
simply an extension of this. 
As he sat there in confusion two Chinese men appeared. They were obviously slave 
boys and no more than twenty years old at the most. They were small and lithe 
with slender bodies and arms and small hands. Their movements were exaggeratedly 
feminine, their asses swaying and their arms and hands moving in a distinctly 
non-masculine manner. They wore only three items of "clothing": a broad, steel 
collar, a pair of high-heeled shoes with three-inch platforms and nine-inch 
stiletto heels and a chastity device. The chastity device was a narrow steel 
tube preventing their cocks from getting hard. Only the heads of their cocks 
were not enclosed in the tube and a steel wire attached to the back of the tube 
encircled their balls, insuring that they could not be removed. Their cock-heads 
were bluish and it was clear that their members were straining to get out. The 
slave boys were completely hairless bald and walked hand in hand as they entered 
the room. Their skin was smooth and had obviously been rubbed with some kind of 
oil. Each had a number of Chinese characters tattooed on his forehead. 
Will watched as they took up position on either side of his bed. Before 
beginning they leaned in over Will's crotch and kissed passionately. Then they 
began kissing and caressing Will all over his body. Will didn't want to be 
excited, but after a few minutes he felt him self get hard and his breath became 
ragged. He tried to object, but his protests were drowned as one of the slave 
boys grabbed his head and kissed him deeply and passionately. He tried to break 
away, but just then the other slave began sucking his cock and his whole body 
stiffened as he gave in to the sensation. He kissed the other slave back as he 
felt his excitement mount. Just as he was about to explode in yet another 
fantastic orgasm, the slave sucking his cock pulled back. Will groaned with 
frustration, but was unable to object as the other slave was still kissing him. 
After a short wait he felt his cock being sucked again, and again he was denied 
release. He tore free from the kissing and begged them to let him cum, 
forgetting completely how much he hated this gay sex. He just wanted to cum. He 
needed to cum. But they wouldn't let him. Again and again they brought him right 
up to the edge just to hold back. After an two hours of this Will had been 
reduced to a crying and begging slave boy who would do anything to cum. The 
slave boys didn't speak English and their only replies to his begging was: 
"Master Wang." Will understood that the only person who could grant him an 
orgasm was Master Wang.

After two extremely frustrating hours Master Wang appeared. The two slave boys 
dropped to their knees as he entered and crawled over to kiss his boots. Master 
Wang scarcely acknowledged their presence as he stood next to Will. Will was 
desperate, but still he remembered that he should not speak unless spoken to. 
Horny as he was, he could still remember the pain from his earlier punishment 
session. Master Wang stood still for a while, not speaking to test Will's 
performance. Will was careful not to speak, but did look directly at Master 
Wang. Master Wang in turn replied by slapping Will viciously and shouting: 
"Slaves always keep their heads bowed in submission!" Without even thinking 
about it Will dropped his gazed and bowed his head as low as it would go. Master 
Wang was most pleased that he obeyed without hesitation. He would soon have him 
crawling at his feet. He then took out his cock and ordered Will to suck it. 
Again there was no hesitation as he took Master Wang's member into his mouth and 
eagerly sucked him in the hope that Master Wang would grant him an orgasm if he 
behaved. Master Wang noticed the eager sucking and responded by beginning to 
pump his cock in and out of Will's mouth. In the back of Will's mind he could 
feel the humiliation burning, but he also felt horny and he could almost feel 
himself submitting to Master Wang without even thinking about it. He hadn't been 
Master Wang's slave for more than two or three days and already he felt his 
resistance fading. After all what could he do? Master Wang was in complete 
control, whereas he was now an armless freak who was well on his way to becoming 
a homo slave boy, just longing for his master's touch. Just as Master Wang had 
said. Will had tears of defeat in his eyes as Master Wang shot his load and Will 
dutifully swallowed everything his master gave him. Afterwards he kept his head 
bowed in shame and submission.
Master Wang was pleased. As a reward Master Wang gently grasped Will's cock and 
began to stroke it. Will gasped and his body tensed in joyful anticipation. Just 
before he came Master Wang removed his hand and will whimpered with 
disappointment. Master Wang leaned in close and said: "Beg." Without the 
slightest hesitation Will began to beg: "Master, please Master; may I please 
cum, Master, please Master? Master, please Master, I promise to be good slave, 
Master please Master." Will begged and begged while Master Wang stood by, as the 
armless slave grew more and more desperate. Finally Master Wang relented and to 
Will's delight he resumed the stroking of his cock. Soon thereafter Will 
exploded in what was without a doubt the most magnificent orgasm of his life. As 
he thanked his cruel master profusely afterwards, guilty thoughts about his 
increasing pleasure at being touched by another man filled his mind with 
humiliating dreams and fantasies. 
No sooner had he licked up his own cum than Master Wang disappeared. And no 
sooner had he left than the two slave boys were at it again, teasing him to new 
heights before denying him his orgasm.

It took more than four weeks for Will to heal and in during all his waking hours 
he was subjected to this treatment. The two slave boys would excite and deny him 
release for hours on end. Then Master Wang would appear and demand that he 
perform some slave duty, whether it was sucking a cock, getting fucked up the 
ass, drinking piss or tonguing Master Wang's ass. After four weeks Will had 
become a passionate slave boy, longing for his master's touch. He obeyed every 
command without hesitation and he knew that he owed Master Wang his complete 
devotion. As Master Wang told him again and again, he was nothing but a dirty 
western slave who must obey his Chinese master's every command. His old life as 
an independent person was rapidly fading in a haze of sex and punishment.

Meanwhile John had woken up in rather different circumstances. Like Will all his 
teeth had been removed and his body was completely hairless, but there the 
similarities ended. John still had his arms and all of the hair on his head, but 
his neck was bandaged and he was unable to make any sound at all, not even a 
whimper. Like Will he was strapped to a bed.

After a while Master Wang appeared. John was scared just looking at him. Unlike 
Will, John right from the start had no illusions about who was in control here: 
Master Wang was clearly in control, so John didn't even dare to meet his eyes. 
Master Wang laughed out loud at this, to John's eternal shame. This slave had 
for all intents and purposes already been broken. Training him would be so easy. 
Still, a slave had to be shown clearly who was the boss, so Master Wang applied 
the same type of clamps to John's genitals as he had on Will's and in seconds 
John as writhing in agony as current surged through his balls. No sound came 
from his paralyzed vocal cords as he tried to scream, but his face turned bright 
red and it looked like his eyes were about to pop out of his head. After less 
than a minute he fell unconscious. Not speaking a single word, Master Wang woke 
him up again and applied the current again until John collapsed again. He 
repeated this two more times until John was desperately trying to plead 
wordlessly for mercy. Then Master Wang decided that the slave had had enough and 
quit.
He then released the mute and broken slave boy from his binding and helped him 
stand on insecure legs. John made no move to break free; he was already almost 
completely broken and wanted only to please his new master in order to avoid 
further punishment. Master Wang produced a collar and a pair of handcuffs; he 
put the collar around John's neck, cuffed his hands in front of him and secured 
the handcuffs to the collar. The he produced a piece of coarse rope, which he 
tied around John's genitals. He used this as a leash and led John out of the 
room.
The room John had been in was in some kind of clinic. The hallways were clean 
and bright and a little menacing. Master Wang didn't seem to notice this as he 
led his bound slave boy round a corner and down a flight of stairs, into what 
was obviously a dungeon. The hallways were clean here too, but much darker and 
much more menacing. John was led into one of the dungeon rooms; a large room 
with stonewalls adorned with all manner of chains, whips, gags, hoods and other 
objects for inflicting pain or restraining people. Still not speaking Master 
Wang led John to a corner of the room where he released his hands briefly only 
to retie them in a pair of leather cuffs. These were secured to a chain coming 
down from the ceiling and Master Wang now used a motor winch to pull the chain 
up until John dangled with his feet four inches above the ground. Then his legs 
were tied wide using leather straps tied to ringbolts in the floor. Before going 
on Master Wang removed the leash tied around John's genitals. Then he shouted 
something in Chinese and sat down in a chair to watch John as he hung there. 
Within seconds of him shouting two Chinese slave boys appeared. Although John 
didn't know it, they were the spitting image of the two slave boys who tormented 
Will; completely hairless, chastised and feminine, prancing around in high 
heels, their bald heads tattooed with some Chinese characters. John watched in 
horrified fascination as they quickly minced over to Master Wang, dropped to 
their knees and kissed his boots. He uttered a series of very short commands, 
sending them scurrying to obey.
First they gave him a series of long and very painful enemas. At first John 
didn't want to unclench his buttocks, but a warning look from Master Wang 
convinced him that disobedience would be very painful. It was humiliating to be 
so easily controlled, but it was almost certainly less painful than the 
alternative. The slave boys gave him no less than five enemas, each distending 
his belly painfully and each of them staying inside him for several minutes 
before he was allowed to release it. There was some kind of blow-up mechanism in 
his ass, preventing him from expelling the water unless this was released. By 
the time they were finished administering enemas, John hung limply in his bonds, 
covered in sweat.

They were far from finished, however. First they fitted him with a corset. It 
was a brutal affair made from black leather with steel supports. It extended 
from just above his hips to just below his nipples and it constricted his 
naturally slender waist down to nineteen inches and it made him gasp for breath. 
Then they fitted a pair of black leather Oxfords with six-inch stiletto heels 
onto his feet. They were at least one size too small for his already small feet. 
Then they left him alone, standing back and kneeling with their heads pressed to 
the ground as Master Wang got up and approached John. John felt very scared as 
Master Wang sized him up with a cold stare. Then, to John's great surprise, 
Master Wang gently caressed his smooth and hairless body. He took his time, 
running his hands over John's legs and buttocks, briefly touching his genitals 
before once again stroking John's thigh softly. John gasped soundlessly with 
surprise mixed with excitement. Embarrassing him greatly his cock became rock-
hard only seconds after Master Wang started touching him and when his hands left 
John's body he looked very disappointed, much to Master Wang's amusement. Master 
Wang then went behind John were he fetched a wooden crate, which he placed 
behind John. Then he stepped onto the crate and resumed his caressing, this time 
occasionally kissing John as well. He had also brought some lubrication with 
him, which he used to grease up John's ass. John knew what was coming and by now 
he actually wanted to be fucked as well, but he was still surprised at the size 
of Master Wang's member. Had he been able to make a sound, he would have groaned 
as the huge cock entered his ass, but as it was his mouth just opened in 
soundless grimace of pain mixed with pleasure. John had had his share of lovers 
and since he was typically the one being fucked rather than the one doing the 
fucking, he had more than his share of experience with being fucked up the ass. 
But still Master Wang fucked him like no other man had. Even before Master Wang 
reached around and began stroking his cock, John was moving his ass to the 
rhythm, enjoying the painful, expert fucking Master Wang was giving him. His 
master did things with his cock and his hands, which John had never tried before 
and he enjoyed it fully, his eyes closed and his head thrown back in passion. 
And when Master Wang reached around and grabbed his cock, John would have 
screamed with pleasure had he had the use of his voice. As it was he had to 
settle for increasing his gyrations until he came in what was no doubt the best 
orgasm he had ever had. He sprayed a steady stream of cum onto the floor and was 
too absorbed in the magnificent orgasm to notice how the two slave boys licked 
it off the floor. When Master Wang came not long after John and released him 
from his grip, John hung limply in his bonds enjoying the moment fully. He knew 
that he should object, but this cruel man had now broken him in more than one 
way and John felt a deep desire to submit to his master, to show him that he 
would be a good little slave boy.

As it was the opportunity came right away. Master Wang stepped down and barked 
something at the two slave boys, who instantly released John from his bindings. 
The high heels hurt his feet awfully, but he didn't stay on his feet for long 
after being set down. Instead he dropped to his knees and crawled over to kiss 
Master Wang's shoes. John's mind had been almost broken by first the extreme 
pain and then the extreme pleasure and he was discovering that he apparently had 
a strongly submissive side. Besides, as his not quite subconscious mind 
reasoned, it wasn't as if he had much of a choice. The choice was between 
submitting more or less freely or facing the no doubt formidable punishments 
Master Wang had in store for those who resisted. And since Master Wang had just 
shown him what great pleasure there could be in submitting John quickly and 
almost painlessly chose to submit.

Master Wang smiled as John groveled at his feet. He had known from the start 
that the weak westerner would be easy to break and when he had moved so 
passionately with his fucking he had known that the boy's submission would most 
likely be almost voluntary, but still the speed surprised him. It also meant 
that far less punishment would be needed to break him, something Master Wang had 
been looking forward. Still there would be other opportunities to see the 
useless slut suffer. For now the first order of business was to turn John into 
an almost completely feminine slave, the only outward difference from a real 
woman being John's soon to be chastised member.
Removing his foot from John's worship Master Wang spoke to his new slave: "I 
have decided to turn you into a shemale slave." John started with the shock at 
this piece of information. Until now he had thought that the corset and high-
heels were meant to make him into a slave boy like the two who had dressed him. 
He didn't want to be turned into a semi-female freak. Women didn't turn him on 
and neither did the prospect of looking like one. As he thought about objecting 
Master Wang sensed his hesitation and acted quickly to stamp out all opposition. 
At his command the two slave boys brought him the equipment he needed and in 
seconds John was tied up again. This time his hands had been encased in black, 
rubber mittens, pressing his hands into useless, cone-like shapes. Then his 
hands were forced into a back-prayer and painfully secured to his collar. 
Finally Master Wang took a thick, leather strap and whipped John soundly, 
covering his entire body in burning, red stripes, reducing the slave boy to a 
cowering lump of crying slave meat. While really leaning into the blows, Master 
Wang kept shouting at John what a useless sissy he really was and how he had 
better get used to the idea that he was going to be a sissy-slave. John 
desperately tried to signal his submission and acceptance, but found this almost 
impossible without the use of his voice. When Master Wang finally stopped 
beating John, he pulled the crying slave boy to his knees and looked him 
straight into his eyes and said: "From now on your name will be Xue. It's a 
Chinese girl's name and means "Snow", fitting because of your pale skin. You 
must always remember that you are a girl, no matter what that tiny, useless 
piece of meat between your legs tells you. Always remember that, or maybe I'll 
have to cut it off. Starting now you are to begin thinking of yourself as Xue." 
John, or Xue as he was now to be known, became rigid with fear as Master Wang's 
fingers closed around his balls as he threatened to castrate him. He nodded 
frantically to signal that he had understood and that he accepted. Master Wang 
did not leave it that, but kept on squeezing Xue's balls while he looked the 
terrified slave into the eyes. John/Xue became so terrified of loosing his balls 
that he almost forgot breathing and after about a minute of intense staring from 
Master Wang he broke down crying, sobbing soundlessly and helplessly as he 
succumbed fear of his master. This was good enough for Master Wang who left him 
to the two slave boys with a command that he obey them without hesitation and 
that he should remember that he was from now on a girl named Xue. But before he 
left Xue with the two slave boys, Master Wang pulled Xue to her knees and took 
out his member so that she could blow him. Xue was eager to avoid further 
punishment and tried very hard to provide Master Wang with a proper blowjob. 
Master Wang smiled cruelly down on her as she looked at him with eyes begging 
forgiveness and after a good, long blowjob he shot his load into the mouth of 
his grateful slave.

The two slave boys helped the still bound Xue to her feet and led her into 
another dungeon. Walking in the unfamiliar high-heels hurt her feet awfully and 
she had trouble maintaining her balance, especially since her arms were tied 
behind her back. It soon turned out that walking in high-heels was the lesson of 
the day. All day long Xue practiced walking in her new stiletto shoes and the 
slave boys made sure that she walked in a properly elegant and feminine manner, 
as a slave girl should. Neither slave boy spoke any English; so all the 
instructing was done by first showing Xue what to do and then forcing her to do 
it by whipping her along with riding crops.
From time to time Xue would be allowed a break of sorts. During these breaks the 
two slave boys would kiss and caress her, sending her into frenzy of lust only 
to deny her release. After whipping the overexcited Xue, training would start 
again and when the next break came they would torment her again until she was 
desperate for release. After a couple of hours of this, Master Wang appeared. 
Xue was kneeling along with the other two slaves and Master Wang walked straight 
up to her and pulled her to her feet and ordered her to walk for him. 
Dissatisfied with her performance, he whipped her a little before pushing her to 
her knees and ordering her to suck his dick. Once he had shot his load in her 
mouth, he put one boot forward and ordered Xue to rub her rock-hard and 
throbbing cock against it until she came. Xue's face burned with humiliation, 
but not only was it an order, which she couldn't disobey, she was also 
hopelessly horny and if this was the only way to get off, then Xue would take it 
any time. Rubbing her cock against Master Wang's boot was quite difficult, but 
after fifteen minutes of frustration Xue finally succeeded and shot her load in 
a fabulous orgasm. Without even being ordered Xue licked her own cum of Master 
Wang's boot and off the floor in gratitude.

Master Wang once again left Xue to train walking with the two slave boys, who 
often stopped her to torment her with their hands and tongues.




Chapter 3
After four weeks Will's wounds had healed and he could leave the clinic. His 
arms had indeed been cut completely off, leaving with smooth shoulders. The 
bandages on his feet turned out to hide the fact that all his toenails had been 
pulled out. 
The four weeks of constant sexual attention had turned him into a complete 
addict when it came to being touched by other men and by Master Wang in 
particular. His mind tried telling him that he still disliked gay sex intensely, 
but the truth was that he had constant and extremely vivid fantasies about being 
fucked up the ass by Master Wang. In these fantasies Master Wang always reached 
around to stroke his cock and bring him a fabulous orgasm. He woke up every 
morning with a raging hard-on and the attention of the two slave boys only made 
him hornier. He had reached the stage were his heart leapt when Master Wang 
entered the room and he was unable to keep himself from moaning with 
anticipation at the prospect of being able to service Master Wang with his mouth 
or his ass.

When he left his room in the clinic Master Wang secured a leash around his 
genitals and led him out of the building altogether. He led him to a building 
that looked a great deal like a barn or a large stable. It turned out that this 
was more or less the truth. Inside the stable were a number of enclosures and in 
each of these resided a human pony. Some had arms, while other were armless like 
Will. All were bitted and restrained and all looked longingly after Master Wang. 
In the stables were ponies of all colors and sizes: From small Japanese pony 
boys to huge Scandinavian-looking pony boys. Now Will finally understood why he 
had no arms anymore; he was to be turned into a pony. The thought puzzled him 
more that it shocked him. Over the last four weeks he had gotten used to the 
idea that maybe there would be no escape for him and that he would be forced to 
be a sex slave to this cruel man for the rest of his life. The thought had grown 
on him as he became more and more addicted to his master's touch, but the 
prospect of being turned into a beast confused him. What would his function be? 
How would Master Wang use him sexually?

These thought occupied him so much that he barely noticed that he was being 
positioned over a pole rising out of the floor. Once his ass was directly over 
the tip of the pole, which had a very large dildo at its end, Master Wang 
pressed a button and the pole began to rise until it pressed against his ass. 
Will reacted with a little start when he felt the dildo press against his ass 
cheeks, but Master Wang held him and his touch calmed Will down as the dildo 
entered his ass. Will had come to enjoy being penetrated and he moaned with 
lust, his cock rising to full mast, as the dildo pressed deeper into him until 
it was all the way in to the hilt. But it didn't stop there. To Will's surprise 
and dismay the pole continued to rise. Right where the dildo ended was a small 
metal plate. As the dildo was pushed further and further upward, eventually 
lifting Will off his feet, Will's whole body weight came to rest on the dildo 
and on this plate. It was most painful and Will cried out in pain, something 
that earned him a succession of quick slaps to his face until he shut up. When 
the pole stopped rising, Will's feet dangled about five inches off the floor. 
Will was doing his best to remain calm and not complain, but the dildo 
penetrating so deeply robbed him of his breath and the pain from his crotch was 
quite bad.
He soon had other things to think about. Master Wang called on two hairless and 
chastised slave boys, who quickly minced into action. First they tied his legs 
loosely to the pole so he couldn't kick. Then they put his new footwear in his 
feet. The first part consisted of a rounded piece of black plastic with a very 
small horseshoe on the bottom and just enough room for his toes, and his toes 
alone, on top. Using two sturdy metal bands, hammered into the underlying 
plastic and crushing Will's toes at the same time, the two slaves secured Will 
feet to these horseshoes. Will screamed in pain as his toes were crushed, but 
the slave boys were far from done. They then stretched Will foot so that his 
foot was as much in line with his legs as possible. One slave held Will's foot 
in this position while the other took a slightly curved piece of metal and laid 
it against the sole of Will's foot before securing it to the piece of plastic 
holding the horseshoe. Once in place this piece of metal meant that Will had no 
choice but to walk on his toes as he was no robbed of the opportunity of setting 
down his heel. When they had done they same to his other foot, they sealed his 
feet inside thick, rigid, black, plastic covers turning his feet into black 
hooves, forcing to remain on his toes at all times.

By now Will was begging Master Wang for mercy, crying and pleading, but Master 
Wang would have none of it. He shouted something at the slave boys who fetched 
him a bullwhip and stood back. Then he whipped Will until he lost consciousness, 
covering his entire body in bloody, red welts. He used smelling salts to wake 
Will up and when he came around he started crying and apologizing until Master 
Wang shot him a warning glance. The glance promised more pain if he spoke again 
and Will bowed his head as he whimpered with fear.

The slave boys continued his transformation. Around his neck went a very broad 
and very stiff neck corset preventing him from even turning his head, holding it 
completely rigidly. He was furthermore equipped with a harness that had blinkers 
and a bit. The blinkers blocked his peripheral vision and the bit forced his 
mouth to open like a ring gag did, while holding down his tongue and translating 
every pull on a pair of reins directly to his head. 
The final part of his transformation made Will cry out of sheer hopelessness. 
Master Wang completed his transformation by equipping him with a chastity 
device. All along Will had hoped that sex with Master Wang would be a regular 
feature, but now it seemed that all the sex training had just been to break his 
spirit and addict him to sex. Sexual denial was a powerful means of control. 
Master Wang used an ice-pack to shrink his cock to its smallest possible size 
and then, using a surprising amount of force, he pushed the metal tube over 
Will's cock and tied the steel wire secured to the end of the tube around Wills 
balls. One final detail remained. Master Wang grabbed will's balls and pulled 
them as far away from his crotch as possible before tying a broad leather strap 
around his testicle sack. At the other end of the strap he tied a two-pound lead 
weight. Then he let go and Will's balls experienced a very powerful pull, 
stretching them painfully as the lead weight swung between his legs.
As Will hung there crying in pain and humiliation, Master Wang grabbed his chin 
and forced him to look into his eyes. Then he spoke: "You are no long a human. 
You are now one of my ponies and therefore I will give you a new name. From now 
on you will be called "Ma", which is simply Chinese for horse, and I shall be 
most displeased if I see you react to any other name." Will cried even harder at 
this. Master Wang had made it clear that if he even reacted to his old name, he 
would be punished.

While Will cried at his loss of humanity, the pole was lowered until Will stood 
on his new footwear. His feet hurt horribly, broken toes and all, but he had no 
choice but to follow as Master Wang took a leash, attached it to his chastity 
device and led him off.

Master Wang led him out of the stables and into a corral. Here he began training 
Ma, as he was now called, as a pony. Teaching him proper posture, how to walk 
and how to trot all assisted by liberal application of his riding crop. Ma's 
body, already covered in red welts, was further bruised during the long hours 
spent learning how to behave like a pony. The lead weight hanging from his balls 
exerted a constant pull on his ball sack, stretching it painfully while making 
proper walking even more difficult.
Once in a while Master Wang stopped him and bent him over, either to fuck his 
ass or his face. Either way there was nothing he could do about it and he 
derived only a very small amount of pleasure from the ass fuckings.

After a very long day training, Ma was led back to the stables. Here more 
unpleasant surprises were waiting for him. First there was the manner in which 
he was fed and watered. This was done in the shortest possible time by simply 
shoving a hose in through his open mouth and all the way down into his stomach 
and then pumping all the food and water he needed directly into him. Not only 
was it painful and humiliating, but it also made him retch and distended his 
belly most unpleasantly. He was bathed with a simple hose with cold water before 
being led off to his enclosure to sleep. Here a dildo pole, similar to the one 
used to immobilize him when he had first come to the stables, was shoved up his 
ass until he stood on the tips of his hooves. Then his legs were secured to the 
pole and a chain hanging down from the ceiling was secured to the back of his 
neck corset. His blinkers and his bit were removed and instead a thick, rubber 
hood was pulled over his head. On the inside the hood was a rubber bulb, which 
was forced into his mouth. Once the hood had been tied off around his neck, 
shutting out all sight and most of the sound, this bulb was inflated until Ma 
thought that his head would explode from the pressure coming from his mouth. As 
he stood there Ma realized that he was going to spend the night like this. He 
remembered a remark Master Wang had made earlier in the day, when Ma had been 
trying to learn how to trot, about how ponies always remained on their feet and 
never lay down and he realized that he would probably spend the rest of his life 
standing up, just as he did now. Even lying down for sleeping was out of the 
question. Ma tried crying out against his gag, but all that was heard on the 
outside was a faint gurgling. Furthermore his ball sack was still being pulled 
painfully, this time by a wire secured to the pole. It seemed that Master Wang 
wanted to stretch this piece of him as much as possible.
The final straw, the one that broke the once proud and independent Will, was 
when he felt his body being caressed but small and gentle hands. He felt the 
hands of the slave boys roaming all over his body and he felt their lips and 
tongues caressing his skin, sometimes even lingering at his genitals. Ma was 
still hopelessly horny and desperate to get off, but now his throbbing cock was 
sealed inside the hateful chastity tube so the more excited he got, the more 
pain he inflicted on himself. He screamed into his gag as he his whole being was 
flooded with the terrible combination of pain and unfulfilled pleasure. When the 
slave boys stopped several hours later, Ma was a broken wreck, sobbing into his 
gag.

The next day he was again equipped with his head harness and his training 
resumed. In the evening the same thing happened as the day before. After being 
fed, he was secured on his pole, sealed inside his hood and subjected to the 
torment delivered by the slave boys. 
This was the routine for more than three weeks. After just one day Ma's cock had 
begun dribbling pre-cum and he was now in a permanent state of arousal, 
desperate for release. Completely broken training and conditioning proved 
exceedingly simple. In just two weeks Ma had almost forgotten that he had once 
been called Will and his entire being now focused on pleasing Master Wang. The 
final push came when Master Wang after three weeks of training entered Ma's 
enclosure just before his hood was to go on. Ma's heart began to beat very 
rapidly in expectation as Master Wang removed his chastity device and took out 
his member. Ma's cock instantly became painfully hard and after just a few 
seconds he exploded into a literally mind-shattering orgasm. It filled him with 
unconditional love for the cruel man who held his cock now, the same man who had 
turned him into the creature he was now, well on his way to becoming no more 
than an unthinking beast. The orgasm robbed Ma of some of his mind, focusing him 
further on the task of obeying Master Wang, the completely dominating figure in 
his universe. The orgasm further robbed him of even the slightest hope of ever 
controlling his life. With it he gave up control. If Master Wang could give him 
such magnificent orgasms, then it was only right that he, Ma, was the slave and 
that Master Wang controlled every aspect of his life with an iron fist. As Ma 
was sealed inside his hood and the slave boys began tormenting him again, his 
increasing frustration was mixed with unconditional love and submission to his 
master.




Chapter 4
For Xue the transition into her new life was both slow and fast at the same 
time. The slow part of her transformation was the physical one. Under the 
influence of huge doses of hormones she grew a magnificent pair of tits. When 
the process stopped Xue had pair of 36DD tits of which she was very proud since 
they pleased her master very much. The hormones combined with a special diet and 
generous application of a special cream gave her a much more rounded ass and 
soft feminine skin. At the same time brutal corset training reduced her waist to 
a mere fourteen inches with a five-inch pipe-stem. But all this took time. After 
a few weeks with paralyzed vocal cords, Xue's voice returned. Only now it was a 
very light and feminine soprano. The operation fixing her voice had also removed 
her Adam's apple and her throat was now smooth and feminine.

The quickest part of her transition was the mental one. Her day were filled with 
brutal and demanding training where it was constantly drilled into her that she 
was a slave-slut and that she had better behave like one. Her mind, already 
broken and vulnerable, was quickly molded into the shape required by Master Wang 
and in a matter weeks she had begun thinking of herself as Xue rather than John.

The initial part of her training included both devastating punishments when she 
misbehaved and mind-shattering orgasms when she preformed well, but after the 
initial phase she too was equipped with a chastity device. This of course made 
her very sad and almost desperate with need, but the training now more and more 
emphasized the need to please her master rather than herself. Xue began to view 
pleasing Master Wang at her own expense as the correct thing to do. Master Wang 
marveled at pace with which this sissy was transformed. Master Wang was a very 
experienced master who had had hundreds of slaves, but while they all reached 
the same level of obedience and were all broken completely in the end, Xue had 
been broken almost from the start and her mind seemed to be the most pliable he 
had ever encountered. 

Her physical appearance was also most pleasing. When her training, physical as 
well as mental, was complete she had become a stunningly beautiful sissy with 
quite extraordinary sexual skills. She was tall and very slender with a pair of 
absolutely perfect tits. Some might argue that tits that big looked out of place 
on such a slender girl, but Master Wang thought they looked just right, 
underlining as they did her slave status. Her hair grew long and the combination 
of long and very light blonde hair and blue eyes looked absolutely beautiful. 
Xue's waist was so narrow that it almost defied imagination and she had been 
trained so that she was now only able to walk in the highest of heels. Usually 
she wore a pair of while stilettos with a four-inch platform and eleven-inch 
ultra-thin heels. The only time they came off was in the morning when she 
bathed. Because she had worn heels constantly for so long, she had perform 
things like bathing sitting down as she was unable to even stand without 
stilettos on anymore. Other than her heels she usually only wore her chastity 
device, her white leather collar and her brutally restrictive white, leather 
corset.

Pain was a great teacher, and since Master Wang didn't make allowances for 
foreign slaves, Xue was also taught to speak Chinese. It took many hours of 
harsh and brutal punishment, but eventually she spoke almost prefect Chinese 
with just a hint of an accent.

Xue was normally left unbound, as she was exceptionally devoted to Master Wang, 
docile and submissive like no other. In her training she had learned that 
everyone was better than her and that she owed them service. This had the effect 
of making her the most selfless of lovers. The combination of selflessness, 
beauty and extraordinary sexual skills made her a very sought after slave by 
other masters, but Master Wang knew that he couldn't sell her or give her away. 
First of all it would be stupid to sell such a perfect slave. Secondly he had 
found out that this would be practically impossible. Xue was so devoted to him 
that the mere suggestion of giving her away or selling her turned her into a 
nervous wreck within minutes. The only way to restore her mental balance after 
this was to tie her, beat her and fuck her, all as brutally as possible. 
It was a most satisfying way of torturing her, but she became to rattled, crying 
and begging desperately, that selling her to another master would amount to 
selling that someone damaged goods. Xue had no trouble performing her slave 
duties for other masters or even staying with them as long as she knew that she 
would come back to Master Wang. 

Her love and dependence on Master Wang surprised even him. Master Wang had 
gotten the habit of leaving her unbound since it was quite clear that she would 
never ever disobey or try to run away. Master Wang was quite sure that she would 
kill herself without hesitation if he ordered it. He had already tested this by 
ordering to castrate herself. She had taken the sturdy scissors he had given her 
without hesitation and had he not stayed her hand she would have cut her balls 
off too.
So he had let her run around unfettered. But this proved to be too much for Xue. 
One evening she fell crying to her knees and kissed his feet before begging him 
to bind her and punish her. After a good long punishment session for speaking 
without permission, he got the explanation out of the crying but clearly much 
happier sissy-slave: Xue only felt that Master Wang truly owned her when he kept 
her bound and punished her regularly. Deep in her mind Xue knew that since she 
was a worthless slave and that she must be making mistakes all the time, no 
matter how perfectly she tried to perform. Hence her constant need for 
punishment.
Master Wang quickly solved the "problem". Xue now walked around with her hands 
in white, rubber mittens rendering them useless. Her arms were put into a back-
prayer and tied to the back of her collar. In her mouth resided and huge, white 
ball gag and in her ass was an equally huge butt plug, extending a full ten 
inches out of her ass and thus effectively preventing her from sitting down. Her 
ankles were cuffed and between them ran a chain of no more than six inches, 
forcing her to take tiny mincing steps. Master Wang fucked and punished her 
regularly and she was subjected to the same ruthless torment of being teased 
without the prospect of release, as were all his other slaves. Only very rarely 
was she allowed to cum, perhaps once every six months. When he did grant her a 
rare orgasm she invariably passed out from the intensity of it. When she woke up 
again she would usually cry tears of sheer gratitude. All in all Master Wang was 
completely sure that Xue, the sissy-slave, was far better at what she did than 
John, the accountant, had ever been at what he did. For Xue that was a past, 
which he was quite sure Xue couldn't even remember. When he tested her, she gave 
no indication of even remembering who she had once been. Even her ability to 
understand English was lost after a few years as Master Wang's slave.

For Ma, the pony boy, training had also been brutal and had also resulted in 
some dramatic changes to his already battered personality. During the first few 
months his training had focused exclusively on teaching proper behavior for a 
pony and on completing the physical changes to his body. The ridge of hair he 
had left on his head was now a beautiful, blonde and braided mane. His feet had 
healed and after a few months of constant standing up his toes had healed and 
set in their new positions. Also, like Xue, he was now unable to stand 
flatfooted, not that it ever happened. The closest thing he got to getting out 
of his hoof-like boots was when the plastic cover was removed to wash his feet 
and give them a little air so that they wouldn't rot off. That and when his 
hooves were given new horseshoes. 
His balls were constantly pulled for the first couple of months until the skin 
had been stretched so much that they hung almost eight inches below his crotch. 
When Master Wang was satisfied that they were long enough, he gave Ma a special 
butt plug. It was short and very wide; a hole with a large bore running down the 
center. The butt plug was shoved up Ma's ass and then his balls were pushed 
through the hole until his balls were all the way inside his ass and the skin of 
his ball sack was stretched as much as could be. Then a plug, which left room 
for the stretched ball sack, was inserted into the butt plug thus sealing his 
balls inside his ass. Ma' balls now only came out when he was being fucked or 
when he was standing in his enclosure with the dildo pole rammed up his ass.
The slightest movement caused his balls to grind against each other, a sensation 
that was both painful and pleasurable, sending Ma' to new heights of excitement.

As for Ma's mental state it had been changed too. He still had the use of his 
vocal cords, but this seemed to mostly to test him. Any remotely human sound 
from him was punished severely and Ma quickly learned to make only whinnying 
sound, like that of a horse. He was never again spoken to in English by Master 
Wang and since no one actually taught him Chinese he was reduced to figuring out 
what to do by listening to the tone in which he was spoken to. In time this 
pushed him further towards being just a dumb animal as he was now effectively 
without a language. He reacted mostly to the commands transmitted via his reins 
and the liberal application of the crop his master always used.

Ma trained every day without exception and in the evening he was fed and placed 
on his dildo pole for the night. Then his hood was pulled over his head and two 
hours of torment at the hands of some of Master Wang's other slaves began, 
teasing him terribly only to deny him his orgasm at the last minute. Most nights 
he was hooded when this happened, but sometimes he was allowed to see who 
performed the stimulation. Mostly is was Master Wang's little hairless slave 
boys, which he seemed to have an endless supply of. They oiled Ma's skin in the 
morning and at night and they tormented him with their hands and tongues. 
Although Ma didn't know it, all Master Wang's slaves were subjected to this, 
including the slaves doing it to him.

Sometimes, however, another slave came to torture him with her tongue and 
skilled hands. It was a sissy-slave, severely bound and always accompanied by 
Master Wang himself. The sight of her made all the ponies tremble with fear and 
excitement, for the simple reason that she was the very best. The beautiful 
sissy, who Ma never recognized as Xue, could bring him so close to cuming that 
he had actually begun to spasm and still pull him back, denying him his orgasm. 
Her touch was heavenly; easily the best among all Master Wang's slaves, but it 
was also the worst since she could bring them closer to cuming than anyone else 
while still denying them their orgasm. Ma and the other ponies both loved and 
hated her presence.
As for Xue herself she recognized Ma, but only partially. She was able to 
remember that she had once cared a great deal for this creature, but she was 
unable to remember when and where since that lay in her now forgotten past. For 
now she was happy that the one she had loved had been so fortunate to be 
enslaved by Master Wang. Xue thought that this was the best thing that could 
happen to anyone.

Once his initial training was over Master Wang started using his as he had 
intended. Ma was fitted with a saddle, which was held in place by straps across 
his shoulders and around his chest. The saddle allowed Master Wang to ride him 
while Ma only had to bend forward very slightly.
If his initial training had been brutal and hard, it was nothing compared to 
what happened once Master Wang started riding him. Not only was it much more 
demanding physically to carry a fully-grown man around, but there was also a 
marked difference in the severity of the training. The initial training had to a 
large extent been handled by other slaves acting on Master Wang's instructions. 
Now it was Master Wang himself who handled the training so it was now far more 
demanding. Ma was constantly being punished and he was in a permanent state of 
exhaustion from carrying his master around on his back. Furthermore he was still 
subjected to the tease-and-denial training every night and it was more than 
three months before Master Wang granted him his first orgasm. 

Master Wang had been drilling into his head all day how much he owed his master 
for being so kind as to want to own him. Now he was fucking Ma's ass, his balls 
still inside. The feeling of having his balls squeezed up his ass by a huge cock 
was very painful and so exciting it drove Ma completely out of his mind. He 
whinnied as he moved with the rhythm, his human ability to scream seemingly 
forgotten after months of training. When Master Wang released his cock and gave 
him a handjob he had another literally mind-blowing orgasm. The orgasm consumed 
his whole being, focusing his mind completely on the necessity of being a good 
pony, an obedient and docile pony, a pony without thought for anything but 
Master Wang's commands. Master Wang had found out that this was the best way in 
which to reduce his ponies to mindless beasts and a year and three orgasms later 
Ma was unable to remember a time when he had not been a pony. His affection for 
his cruel owner knew no bounds and his heart leapt every time he saw him.




Epilogue
It had been more than ten years since Master Wang had enslaved Will and John, 
but they had turned out to be two of his more successful and durable slaves. 
Although she was now in her mid-thirties Xue was as beautiful, desirable and 
obedient as ever. In spite of her age she was the envy of all the masters Master 
Wang knew. He also knew that she would remain his slave until she died, since 
she was so devoted to him that any other master would rightly consider her 
damaged goods if he bought her. But that was all right with Master Wang; he 
would deal with that problem when she grew to old for him. Fro now she was still 
the best he had ever had, docile and devoted, addicted to his punishments. She 
was now allowed to cum only about once a year, but there had been a period of 
three years without an orgasm for her. This she accepted without a single sound 
of complaint, even if she cried just as much as the others when she was teased 
at night or when Master Wang's cock brought her so close to cuming that pre-cum 
dribbled down her leg.

Ma was still a pony, but three years ago his situation had changed dramatically. 
Master Wang had wanted to see just how uncompromising it was possible to treat a 
pony and still have it function as a pony and he had used Ma for this 
experiment. The first thing he had done to Ma was to remove his eyes, replacing 
them with glass balls before sowing them shut. Then he had cut off Ma's outer 
ear after first making sure that the inner ear didn't work and Ma was completely 
deaf. He had done this by strapping headphones over Ma's ears and playing sounds 
of explosions extremely loudly until it actually gave Ma' nosebleeds. After ten 
treatments like that he was completely deaf.
After making sure that Ma was deaf and blind, Master Wang removed his vocal 
cords as well. Once this was accomplished he sealed Ma's head inside a very 
thick, black rubber hood which only came off once a month so that Ma could be 
washed. He also gave Ma a neck corset that was so restrictive that he could only 
hold his head in one position. Into his nostrils and all the way down into his 
lungs were now tubes allowing him to breathe. Ma's mouth was now set around a 
permanently inserted ring in his lips. Normally it was sealed with a very long 
dildo gag going all the way down his throat. This prevented him from making even 
the slightest sound, but it also meant that the tubes in his nostril were 
necessary. The long dildo could easily be removed if Master Wang required the 
use of his mouth. Ma was fed at night by pushing a feeding tube in through the 
ring and pumping liquid food and water directly into his mouth.

Then he equipped Ma with a corset, restricting his waist until in was no more 
than seventeen inches and had a four-inch pipe-stem. It made Ma loose his breath 
very quickly, but then again Master Wang didn't use him for running but more as 
a show pony.
Finally he took care of Ma's feet. He crushed them completely including the 
heels and forced them into narrow metal tubes that ended in a cone. The end of 
the cone had rounded tip, no more than a fraction of an inch across and Ma was 
now reduced to standing and walking on these two tips only. It took months of 
training, but after months of almost constant pain Ma was now able to stand 
completely still, feet together, in his soundless and dizzying darkness. For Ma 
the only contact he had with the outside world was via his reins the touch of 
his skin by masters or slaves.

He now seldom carried Master Wang on his back anymore. Instead he pulled a sulky 
with Master Wang in it. His reins no longer went to a bit in his mouth, but to a 
special arrangement on his cock. When Ma was drawing the sulky he wore no 
chastity device. Instead his now erect and throbbing cock was inserted into a 
tight, rubber sleeve with rings on either side. His reins were attached to these 
and he reacted to the pull on his cock.

Inside his rubber sealed head Ma, who had once been a man named Will, had been 
reduced to a truly mindless beast. The only thoughts filling his head were 
thoughts of obedience and lust. He did what his reins and the crop told him to 
and hoped for orgasms that came very, very rarely. Ma had lost track of time a 
long time ago, but Master Wang knew there was at least a year between the 
occasions when he allowed the severely bound pony to cum. Master Wang was 
curious to know how long Ma would last, but he thought that it would at least be 
a couple of more years before he reached the end of the line.

THE END
2NN

If you liked the story please write me at story_2nn@yahoo.com. I would 
especially like to know which part you liked the most and why.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





