BDSM Library - The Cage




The Cage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How thoroughly Mary��s life is changed!�� Just few weeks ago she was free to drive her car all over, and today her entire world is the internal side of a little iron cage. 
The cage

(M/f, Abd, NC, Forced Chastity, Cage, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



0 Intro

(M/f, Abd, NC, Forced Chastity, Cage, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com

How thoroughly Mary's life is changed!... Just few weeks ago she was free to
drive her car all over, and today her entire world is the internal side of a
little iron cage.



1 The beginning

(M/f, Abd, NC, Forced Chastity, Cage, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



She's there, arduously standing inside her new narrow living space along whole
the day, her beloved iron cage.

She's young, only 19, and although she's pretty, she's not the stunning busty
woman type that he dreams, but doesn't matter, she's been a stroke of luck, her
car has broken down near a slope over the ocean in a dark night of tree months
ago. The street was desert and the fate, her fate, made him to pass there at
that very moment. He simply offered her to get in his van for a trip, and once
inside he easily etherised her. Then he pushed her car down the slope, and he
quickly shoved of.

He laughed in front of his scared captive since, the following days, all
news-bulletins reported that the ocean didn't returned yet the body of Mary C.

&lt;You are dead! You don't exist any more, Mary!&gt;. And he laughed more
enjoyed hearing her desperate whines around the rubber penis gag locked into her
fine mouth. &lt;Your body has been eaten from the sharks!&gt;

Already before the end of the second investigations week, Mary C. had completely
forgot by the press and by the authorities and her parents too had lost any
hope.

He evilly left her to follow every news-bulletins, then, the 15 day &lt;It is
time to surrender to your fate, Mary: You are only mine, and it is time to
officialize it!&gt;. It was truth, and she already knows it, no one was seeking
for her any more, no one was suspecting that she was still alive, no one would
free her from that iron cage. She was defeated, scared and defeated.

Her first 14 days into his grasp have already been a nightmare, but she knows
that her future would be surely worst.

As soon as he has leaded her in his dungeon, he has shoved the poor brunette
inside an almost cylindrical iron cage, in which her nice figure fitted nearly
exactly. Once supported one shoulder on the cage side, the distance between her
other shoulder and the iron is not more than 10 cm, and descending the cage is
narrowing, she have to keep her delicate naked feet only 5 cm apart to support
them both on the floor. And no way to slip one knee or even one foot out, her
ankles wears iron manacles chained on the cage floor centre, that allows Mary to
lift each foot not higher than 5 cm.

Moreover her wrists are shackled too. He has trapped each one in a separate iron
manacle, provided with a special padlock that allows him to fix it to whatever
cage place, always keeping her hands outside the cage. Although she's able to
rotate her wrists few degrees, the iron manacles prevents her fingers to turn
enough toward her own body, effectually denying Mary from touching herself in
every way except between her two hands, and this only when he decides to lock
the manacles close each other. Although he rarely allows her to touch even her
own hands, fortunately for Mary, he's used fixing the wrists manacles rather
comfortably, spaced in front of her, at the level of her waist sides, but it is
not a rule, and she has already enjoyed entire days in very less comfortable
positions, with her wrists fixed on the bars behind her back or up over her
head, tensing taut her body.

There are even evilly devices to prevent her to attempt to 'sit'. If she tries
to 'sit', she would supports almost immediately her knees on the frontal bars,
and her arse on the rears. But when, exhaust, she was attempted such manoeuvre,
she noticed that from her knees level to her arse level, the internal bar
surface are sprinkled with iron stumpy spikes. They are not bleeding without an
hard impact, but they are so painfully on her soft skin, that she can't resist
for more than two seconds... Too short time to have a rest!



By Kray

... Any comment of yours would be really appreciate ...

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




2 Preparation

(M/f, Abd, NC, Forced Chastity, Cage, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



She lives in such cramped place from three endless months now, without leaving
it nor for a second.

She has been outside only at her arrival, during the 'Preparation', in which she
was even too much spread. She waked up tied to his terrible gynaecologic chair,
completely strapped and obscenely widened, and gagged.

She thought to a bad dream, a nightmare, but no, it was truth, she was at the
mercy of that horrible person, that was staring with lust at her exposed naked
body. She thought that he would have raped her there, with such a incredible
ease, but no, he hasn't taken her, in three months he hasn't never pushed his
penis into her low entrances... Only her mouth had a lot of work with it, while
her two crotch holes have had to savouring other things, beside his snoop rough
fingers!

Instead, on the gynaecologic chair, he has wholly enjoyed on piercing her
restrained body in all its sensitive spots. Among her screams, during her first
day, on the woman chair, he has calmly applied her 13 piercings!

Two on her ears, that was intact, clear sign of her hate against needles and
corporal pain. &lt;Your first boyfriend must have laboured a lot to deflower
you...&gt; he exclaimed as soon as he noticed that her ears was not already
pierced, and one more time checking with one unrewarding finger her love canal
not virgin anymore. &lt;... You hate the pain so much that you have even avoided
to perforate your ears... I'm so lucky to have got you, Mary!&gt;. She taken her
first jolt of pain at the end of this phrase, when he dug the thick needle in
her left ear.

Ignoring her anguish he continued torturing her, decorating her next ear, then
her septum.

&lt;Now I suggest you to push out your tongue, willingly. Now!&gt; He summoned
her, slipping out the penis gag. And at her refuse, he simply putted the gag
anew in place and moves his attention to her tits.

After having applied a 3 cm steel ring through each Mary's nipple, or better
through Mary's areolas, while he has pierced her below the nipples, at the
halfway between the areola border and the nipple base, he slipped out anew her
gag, then, twisting her right fresh areola ring, he repeated the request
&lt;Push out your tongue, stupid slave!&gt;. This time she obeyed at once,
screaming loud, but at once.

With a clamp he restrained her tongue too, then he applied a ring in its centre,
an oblong ring.

Next, once gagged anew his prey, was the turn of her pussy, that received five
piercings, one for each labia, inner and outer, and one into her clitoris head,
during which perforation Mary fainted.

He waited that she woke up before applying the last two steel rings, at the
sides of her exposed anus, 2 cm far from its border, in the inner wall of her
buttocks.

He was careful in disinfecting her, and whole the procedure had been executed in
attentive hygiene... &lt;... I care my properties ...&gt;.

&lt;Now the chains&gt;. Each Mary's piercing rings has been furnished with one
metre of tiny steel chain, as that of necklaces, but very resistant. Once Mary
was inside her cage, each tiny chain has been threaded through special ceramic
eyelets, as those for fishing, but strongest, as those of deep-sea fishing. Each
eyelet is fixed on the cage bars, and it is placed 20 cm aloft the relative
piercing in Mary body. This way he's able to pull each Mary piercing from the
cage outside, hanging them fixed, or applying some weights at his discretion.
And moreover the eyelets ceramic material allows him to use the chains as
electrical conductors too!

9 chains pass through eyelets placed in front of Mary, while 4, those of her
arse and her ears, through that behind her.

By simply pulling the chains, the capturer is able to control the poor Mary like
a puppet.

&lt;For the moment I'm rather satisfied, Mary, no more piercing today, now I
release you from your personal chair, and I meet you your new apartment...
But... Before it is better that I show you your new way to empty your entrails.
Once learned to endure the insertions discomfort, you will accepts the hoses
introductions without the need of this chair, but for the very first time it is
better to do it here&gt;. Among her whinges he expertly slipped one Foley
urethral catheter through her pee hole, and he locked it in place inflating the
internal balloon. &lt;Is It not too bad, isn't?... Just a little pain and a
great discomfort, but it is one important facility for both us: You will never
bore me with the need to pee, and your fresh pussy piercings will not get
dirty&gt;.

Apart some wicked games, there are three months that she continuously urinates
through a catheter, although he takes care to replace it often with a sterile
one. And as he had foreseen, she's able to endure the substitutions right in her
narrow cage, allowing at her better her capturer's expert hand to reach her pee
hole through the bars.

And during her menstrual periods, she has widened her thighs to allow him to
replace the internal tampons too.

Also for her solid waste she needs to allow her master hands to work on her,
with a special asshole probe of an hydro-colon washing machine.

Every three days he carefully washes her bowels with the medical device,
shutting her rear hole with a butt-plug once terminated.

She can't even decide if, when or how much to eat or drink. She have to swallow
whatever he pours directly in her mouth though the 'pee hole' of the humiliating
penis gag.

Once she dared to shut the rubber penis pee hole with her tongue to prevent to
swallow more liquid soup. In reaction he first changed the penis gag with a
longer one, very unpleasant, impossible to shut with the tongue, forcing Mary to
swallow what scheduled. Then he detached the urination sac from her catheter,
and he putted the leaking hose in a big bucket. Then he hanged a special
container high over her head, and he connected it to her beloved penis gag.
&lt;You have to drink whole the content of it... Swallow, Mary. Swallow
promptly&gt;. It was a container almost full of 10 litres of saline solution,
and she have had to continuously swallow it for whole the day and the night. He
had obviously adjusted the liquid flow in the way that she was able to digest
it, but it has be a truly inauspicious day (and night) for the pitiable Mary.

The following morning, noticing the bucket at the feet of the drain prey full of
clear urine &lt;Amused, my dear? Next time better you take without objections
what I've in store for you, or you will savouring the same treatment but
doubled, the first loop like this one just enjoyed, the second loop with the
upper container refilled with your own urine&gt;. And despite the terrible night
just passed, it was the morning of another long day of upright tortures!



By Kray

... Any comment of yours would be really appreciate ...

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




3 Better to obey

(M/f, Abd, NC, Forced Chastity, Cage, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



Although it is impossible to get used to such inhuman treatment, she has learned
to obey to every his order, every lack is in fact harshly punished in a variety
of ways.

For example a couples of months ago, he came to the cage, and threading his
hungry hands inside, he began, as usual, to painfully abuse her pussy and her
tits. During his amusement, he ordered Mary to sing for him, but she answered
him that she was in too much pain to be able to sing. He immediately gagged her
anew, and he got a couple of office elastics, with which he wrapped the almost
full urination sac. Mary's expression become suddenly astonish, for the first
time in a month she feels her bladder to fill, with her own cold urine. The
sensation rapidly passes from strange to unbearable as her bladder was in full
tension.

Although chained, she instinctively tries to ease the distress mentioning to
march in place, with meagre results, cause the minimum space and the good
pressure inside herself.

She frantically tried, moaning defeated, to plead him to forgive her, but it was
uselessly, he left her in that agony for whole the afternoon, releasing the
urination sac only the evening, when he usually lays her cage on the floor to
allow her to sleep, over the narrow rug that he thread behind her back among the
bars when she's still upright.

That evening, as he unplugged her mouth to get his evening blow job through the
bars, she properly apologized with him, hoping this way to avoid further
punishments, "Sir, forgive me, please. I've been so foolish, I will sing for you
right now if you are in the mood... hhaahhaa" but it was uselessly. First he
pushed between her teeth the ring gag, that it was not more necessary from about
two weeks, then he grabbed the nipples and the outer labial chains, and he
pulled them so hard that her already healed wounds restarted to bleed.

She was not able than busy herself, and chiefly her tongue, at her better on his
prick, even screaming loud for the pain.

&lt;You have not understood yet who is in charge here, Mary. No matter what I
order you, you have to perform it, or you will pay hard. You have to be very
idiot to give me the chance to torture you more. I like to torture you, and I
will do it anyway, but with a good excuse it is more amusing&gt;.

She already knows this, and in three months she had many chance to have
confirmations.

He finds always new ways to torture her abused body, only for fun... his fun.

Every day he select three-four new spots on which apply his wicked hard spring
clamps. No matter her morning pleads, he thread his cruel hands inside the
narrow cage and he calmly place them on her young flesh, enjoying her firsts
sufferance shivering, mauling and abusing her all over. She chiefly hate clamps
on her slender inner thighs and on her pert tits, hence he never forgets at
least one of those body parts. Then every other place is good: her back, her
buttocks, her pussy lips, even each feet finger are a good target for one day...
and often for the night too.

She has already screamed loud during the last three months, of course. She
starts to shiver and whine in fear as she sees him to approach her cage, cause
she knows that the result is almost always the same: pain.

Now and again he take a whip and he tries to whip her, but while the cage
protects some its content, he's not satisfied from the result, despite many
leashes hit anyway the target, causing Mary to fell in agony.

After many blows he shouts in anger of disappoint and he put her in excruciating
pain other way.

Sometimes he hangs weights to each piercing chain, causing Mary to pass her
pleasant journey on her tiptoe, in the vain attempt to ease the hurt.

Sometime he thread a special slick wooden board between her smooth thighs,
supporting it on the horizontal cage bars. The wooden board is shaped in the way
that it stays vertically, and its height is studied to lift both Mary feet off
the floor. Because he's really ruthless, prior to insert that Mary personal
wooden horse, he unplug her asshole, avoiding any minimal lessening of her
anguish over the wood blade.

The fear of the wooden horse is so high in Mary mind, that often she faints
still before to be lifted over it. But it is not an escape, cause he waits her
waking, before to proceed ahead, among her pain roars.

 &lt;I really like you over the wooden horse, Mary&gt; he said harshly squeezing
both her guilty tits &lt;There, your agony is plain, continuous and deliciously
atrocious. I can't exempt myself from keep you there for long and from abuse you
in the meanwhile too&gt;.

What she have to hope ? To be released from that narrow cage? Not at all: &lt;I
don't know yet when I will allow you, if I ever do, to get out from the cage. I
would crave to whip you properly, and to get you around over each my torture
instruments, for long days of exciting fun. And I crave to properly fuck your
both lower entrance too. But the joy on having you trapped there, forced whole
the day to stay upright in front of your proprietor, always full chained,
totally dependent from me, in constant expectation, in total frustration, and in
complete sexual pleasure deny, inebriate me so much that I prefer to continue to
abuse you like this&gt; &lt;At least, I own you, and I may do to you whatever I
like, how long I like... Your brand explains it explicitly too&gt;.



By Kray

... Any comment of yours would be really appreciate ...

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




4 The brand

(M/f, Abd, NC, Forced Chastity, Cage, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



Her brand! The 'Officialization' of her belonging to him, unceremoniously
celebrated the 15 day, by a permanent red hot iron branding, through the cage
bars, on her left hips, of the word 'Slave'.

None hope, none for Mary. Her owner compels her to stand up whole the day, from
the morning, when he hoists her cage and he retires the rug that has protected
her back from the bars and its spikes, until the evening, if he decides to allow
her to sleep some that night.

She had a couple of outbursts at the begin and during the fifth week, taking
advantage to have her mouth freed for few seconds. Something like "Let me go!
Fucking bastard..." the first time, and "I can't resist any more, you are a
monster, let me go, please, I can't take any more..." 

Both time she had her mouth filled with her humiliating penis gag for one
uninterrupted week (except during the blow jobs), moreover, for the 'Fucking
bastard' she sat for the first time over her private wooden horse for 1 hours,
fainting by the pain almost 10 times. While for the 'You are a monster' he has
approached her cage with many long and thick steel needle, and he entertained
himself and her captive for a couple of hours, by mercilessly pricking her
un-escaping innocent body all over. He pleased himself by piercing the tip of
her nipples, and letting in place the two needles till the evening. He plunged a
tent of them deep inside both her pert tits, two of them planted straight
through the tip of her still bleeding nipples, down deep inside her. Her thighs
had great attentions, being perforate many time. Then he tied her knees taut at
the lateral bars, widening her as much as possible, squeezing her legs toward
the bars stumpy spikes, and he enjoyed a lot closing her pussy shut with another
tent of needles through her both labias at once. &lt;The needles looks perfect
on you, I think you will keep them till this evening, Mary... Yes you are very
attractive with them&gt; he said her while he is mauling her whole body with his
hated hands, unpityingly lingering on her needled parts.

Yes, she fainted under his cares, many time, but uselessly. Every time he waited
her to wake up, or, too excited, he immediately woke her with smelling salts.  

She has arrived wishing he takes the stool!

The stool, a kind of ladder, that he brings near the cage, on which he climbs to
present his cock right to her mouth.

The first days it was necessary she was belted in place, with her forehead
uncomfortably compressed against the iron and her mouth forced open by the ring
gag. Then, by the days, she has learned to comply to his sexual needs, blowing
his tool at command.

At the present moment, although the deep humiliation to have to unwillingly
perform a zealous sucking job, culminating each time on carefully swallowing
every drop of sperm, as he likes so much, she feels her heart to leapt in
happiness as she sees him to bring the stool, because by giving him a great
orgasm, she succeeds on fading his anger. By now it is at least four weeks that
the stool means few hours of relative relief.

Few moments of peace, she craves for them, almost uselessly... almost!

Beside of those few hours after the blow jobs, in which she's however in slight
pain, because the one or two clamps 'forgot' on her, or some piercing chains let
in tension, or so on, there is one occasion in which she really feels good...
Perhaps not at the very first days, but once a little accustomed to his haughty
hands over her body, she has secretly started to enjoy the shower.



By Kray

... Any comment of yours would be really appreciate ...

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




5 The shower

(M/f, Abd, NC, Chastity, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



The shower... the only moment in which her absolute proprietary shows some pity
toward his prey.  

He carefully washes her, at least every three days, just after the bowels
washing, but many time he showered her without any apparently reason, only
because he was in the mood.

He always uses warm water, that he pours over her abused body with a long
special shower pipe, that he's able to clamp all over to the cage.

The shower process begins with a couple of squeezable vaginal lavages, that he
gladly wrings inside her, eliciting some Mary's gasping moans.   

During the shower, it seems that he's another person, he softly rubs her, first
with some perfumed lather, lingering over her inner most, invading them
pleasantly, together with the warm water. She evidently loves these moments, her
expression become suddenly relaxed and pleased, and moreover, her clitoris has
started responding immediately of such allurements.

Indeed her clitoris is now responding always to its new proprietary, and it is
obvious thing, since her impossibility to touch any part of herself and since
the terrible treatment endured by three long month inside the cage... She's
crushed!. Crushed to him, and hungry, hungry of her own body, so young, so
stimulated, so responsive and so unreachable and completely denied.

She can do nothing else than hoping in some relief from its new owner, and now,
having lost any hope to get anew free, having capitulated at the supremacy of
her master, under the warm embrace of the shower water, she even dares to
slightly rub her sex toward her capturer hand... unwittingly perhaps. But he
immediately caught her movement, and he expertly moves his hand away few
millimetre to check her intentions. With his great satisfaction her pelvis
follows his fleeing hand, hence he wickedly improves the clit stimulation for
few seconds, then he completely removes his hand, waiting her reaction "...
No!... No, please... Sir, please, ...!".

&lt;Listen to the little whore!&gt; he exclaims  &lt;She asks to climax!&gt; he
continues rubbing softly her defeated body avoiding to let her to orgasm
&lt;Till you are in the cage you surely never come, Mary. The cage is a place
where females can't have orgasms, only tantalization and tortures. And I haven't
decided yet if I will allow you to come again, I'm tempted to leave you inside
your cage forever, you are perfect there, I would only need another slave to
properly fuck with... right in front of you, and by the time I will found it&gt;
he fumbles on her ass now "Noo, please Master, get me out of here, please
Master, I will be a good slave for you, I swear... I swear" &lt;Mhmm, this
case... perhaps... Perhaps we could make an attempt, but if you fail, you will
return inside your cage... definitively&gt; "Yes, Sir, yes, thank you" &lt;'Sir'
is ok, but I would prefer 'master'&gt; "Yes, Master... Me too, Master" &lt;Good,
you behave! Now remember, Mary&gt; he has grabbed the tiny clit chain and he has
put it in slight tension, dragging the poor Mary on her tiptoes &lt;To get out
from your cage it means to be tortured in new ways, first of all it main to be
properly whipped, do you think to be ready to accept it?&gt; She's too scared to
answer, she stutters something confused, but she's a slave, she have to promptly
replay to her master, then he increases the clit chain tension, causing Mary to
scream the first answer rolling in her confused mind "Yeees, yeeeees, Masteeeer,
please Master, please". But he regardless maintains the same painfully tension
on her poor sexual device.

&lt;And moreover, your orgasms would be anyway under my complete control, I will
never allow you to stimulate yourself. Your sex would be at least 'caged' and
denied to you. Do you still desire to get out, Mary, to fall in my hands?&gt;
Another additional little tug on the chain, and he gets the right answer
"Yeeeees, Master, yeees" &lt;Ok, I will think about... and you too&gt; and he
wickedly ties her clit chain to an hook outside the cage.

Mary's sex healthy is not in big danger, cause she may use her hands, or better
her wrists, to support herself tiptoeing, but he has anyway put her in great
pain and anguish... a Mary's faint would mean her precious clit ripped.

"Nhoo, nhooo, Master, don't leave me like this... Please, Master..." &lt;Shut
up, stupid slave, or I cork your mouth&gt;.

One hour tiptoeing in the desperate effort to save her sex is long, very long,
living every second hoping to resist enough, and hoping that the effort is not
uselessly, hoping in his return, if he will return in time...

He drags the stool near the cage and he climb over. His erect member is promptly
greeted inside the cage by Mary soft mouth.

&lt;This evening I will go hunting. If I don't find another bitch to enslave and
to use to fuck, tomorrow you will leave the cage whole the day&gt; Mary's face
assumes a strange astonish expression, she staring at him while she expertly
work on his tool, it is evident that she don't know yet what to really hope.
&lt;I will properly whip you as you deserve, slowly, letting you plenty of time
to savouring it, in every position, in every spot, for long, whole day long&gt;.
She is comprehensibly weeping now, she's scared, but is too late... But perhaps
the main thing is to get out from there, to be anew able to touch her own body,
and maybe to be able to earn an orgasm, only one at least. &lt;At the evening,
completely welt covered, whole aching, in my bed you will have the opportunity
to demonstrate to have the right to stay out of your cage... If you fail...
Better not scaring you more than necessary, think only on behaving!&gt; She
sucks at him completely confused, while chill sweat wraps her condemned poor
body.

The blowjob ends in silence and still in silence he leaves the room after
having, at long last, released her aching and throbbing clitoris.



By Kray

... Any comment of yours would be really appreciate ...

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




6 Out of there!

(M/f, Abd, NC, Forced Chastity, Cage, Abuse)

By Kray                                                      Kray20@lycos.com



She's scared from what is waiting her, but she can't resist in that narrow
prison any more, she is looking forward to get out from there, no matter the
cost. However, she is highly suffering inside the cage too, why not to alike
suffering but out of that cage?

And finally her growing need and hope to have an orgasm, at this point, is
really upsetting her mind.

Yes, thinking on and on she's more and more longing to get out, longing for
something different... Yes, for something else.

Next morning, hearing her owner entering in the room, she quivers dreading and
desiring what is about to happens her. Her breath is justly strenuous while he
lifts upright her cage, she's about to step out though the bars, she only waits
for that moment, no matter the consequences.

It is a fortune that he decided to compel her to sleep with the gag, or surely
now she would escape something and nonetheless inappropriate...

But once upright she notices those big sac on the floor, just in front of her, a
big dark sac... Is it waiting her? Is it containing her first mysterious
terrible torture device? Or perhaps is the sac itself her torture device ?

... No! It is not empty, it contains something, something that moves... No, it
contains someone! ... Who?

Mary world fells abruptly as from the sac opening spurts a long hair head,

black long hairs.

The monster grabs the end of the sac and roughly lifting it forcing the poor
being to slip out on the floor, leaned on her flank.

A big red rubber ball gag invades the stretched mouth of those poor creature,
cruelly restrained in a full and foolishly strict leather belt hogtie.

The poor girl is evidently brought ragged, her cry swelled dark eyes are even no
more able to shed tears, her expression is semi unconscious, her sufferance is
palpable.

She's whole damp in sweat and pee, but despite her actual extreme conditions,
her beauty is however apparent, and her unbearable arrangement may only exalt
the impressive measure of her breast, that pushes imperious against her still in
place cardigan, and besides, at the tip of those two big tits a couple of more
arrogant pointed nipples, attempts to come out. 

&lt;Mary, I'm delighted to meet you Sara, my second slave... Sara this is Mary,
my first slave&gt;.

Mary has already started to weep, because the view of that poor creature's 
plight, and because she already understood that... &lt;As you may guess from the
measure of her lustful breast, she will soon become my bed slave, and this it
means that you have to stay in your iron home awhile, always chastityzed of
course... But don't be sad, I promise you, that the very moment that Sara will
be enough trained, I will order her to tease your sex very often during every
day... Ever without allowing you to come, of course, or she would pay it so hard
that 'regretting it' would be a quite inappropriate term&gt;.

&lt;And now I'm very tired, I had to work whole the night to capture her and to
bring her at her new home, I need to take a nap... Unfortunately I'm so tired
that I'm even not in the mood to take care of you this morning, Mary. You too
have to wait that I awake... Sara instead it seems that she's already
comfortable like this, she will be surely more 'pliable' later, when her new
full life of painfully service will begin&gt;.

&lt;And I think that I leave you both still gagged, to not bother you each other
with senseless chatters... Have fun my slaves!&gt;

He indifferently leaves the dungeon, while four defeated pretty eyes shed, or
would like to shed, warm tears of desperation.

END



By Kray

... Any comment of yours would be really appreciate ...

                                                          Kray20@lycos.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





