BDSM Library - The Instant Messenger




The Instant Messenger
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband finds his wife advertising as a domme on AOL and sets her up for a sting. The "sting" she will experience will be the literal type courtesy of hub and another sadistic domme. Features Cindy Prell of the "Skip Tracer" series.
THE INSTANT MESSENGER by Skip

At 50 years old Jim Rogers had two things he lived for. One was his wife, Laura,
the other was the lucrative insurance business he owned. With his wife, nine
years younger than he, the couple lived in a luxurious Victorian type mansion in
Madison, New Jersey in the NYC metro area. They had twin daughters both of whom
were attending college out of state. Laura had owned her own boutique for
several years but with Jim's lucrative insurance business she sold out and
settled down to the life of a good family oriented housewife.

About three years ago Laura caught Jim having an extramarital affair and
threatened divorce. Jim begged for forgiveness, abandoned his heavy drinking and
the marriage was reconciled. He had long worshipped her curvaceous 5'8, 115 lb
blond , blue eyed body combined with a vivacious personality. Jim sincerely
regretted his adulterous indiscretion and devoted all of his energies to
satisfying her material and sexual needs. As Laura was a religious aerobic
exerciser Jim went on a special diet and exercise program loosing twenty pounds
and an unsightly paunch. All to please Laura. Things seemed to be going smoothly
until recently.

For reasons he could not determine Laura's sexual ardor with Jim was
diminishing. Some nights she simply refused his advances and would not discuss
the reason. During the same period Jim noticed Laura spending more time on AOL
using her home PC. Jim and Laura both had separate computers and passwords which
effectively prevented each from spying on the other's e-mail or list of sites
visited. Jim was able to ascertain that Laura had a secondary screen name.

Hoping to find some clue as to her sexual indifference Jim checked and found
their was no profile for the secondary screen name in contrast to the primary
one which all but revealed her life history. At the office Jim entered the
secondary name on the buddy list. He waited only about 20 minutes before
observing it was on line. Checking to see what chat room she might be in Jim was
astounded to find the chat room to be titled "Domme ISO f/sub". Laura a
dominatrix? Impossible thought Jim, a borderline submissive perhaps but not a
domme.

Jim's next step was to arrange for an online sting. He created a fictitious
screen name and profile for a 25 year old "Jill" from nearby West Orange
depicting her as a submissive female seeking a domme. Within two minutes of
"Jill" entering the chat room the Instant Message screen on Jim's computer
flashed "Hi". The fish had taken the bait.		

In the ensuing IM chat Jim learned that Laura was portraying herself as an
experienced dominatrix seeking female subs for sessions elsewhere than at
Laura's home. Her husband was aware of her activities but did not permit them at
the house because of children. Surprisingly Laura had good words to say about
her husband but lamented his lack of sexual desire. Laura was eager to meet
"Jill" and suggested she call her.

Holding off the phone request for a day Jim turned for assistance to Bernadette
a 30 year old administrative assistant at his business. Bernadette had been
boned by every single male and most of the married males employed there. She was
extremely loyal and would never betray any indiscretions confided by any of her
partners. Jim explained the situation to Bernadette asking her to call and pose
as Jill to arrange a meet. To assure that the meet would be at his house Jim
would announce that he would be out of town all next week. In the meantime he
would arrange for a real domme to show Laura the errors of her ways.

Bernadette gleefully played the assigned role and a tentative meet was scheduled
for next Tuesday at 10:00AM at the mansion in Madison. Next Jim set out about
the task of procuring a domme for the occasion. He received a referral from a
knowledgeable source to Cindy Prell of Long Island. She was employed as a bounty
hunter for a NYC bail bond agency and performed domme sessions on the side.

Jim met Cindy at a Queens bar and was immediately impressed with the
intimidating demeanor of the 27 year old 5'9, 125 lb. Brunette. Cindy explained
that most of her sessions were with consenting females and due to the non
consenting nature of the proposed session she would have to charge considerably
more and that she would have to wear a mask for most of the session to avoid
future identification. Jim readily agreed to both requests.

Cindy made it clear to Jim she was not interested in men. She told of a recent
session in which the husband had attempted to grope her. "He ended up handcuffed
to the bed and I dressed him in a bra and panties, I won't tell you what I did
to his cock, I think his wife was more turned on by all this than by the strap
on I used on her". Cindy giggled profusely which was unusual for her, sarcastic
chuckles being her trademark.

It was precisely 10:00AM as Cindy walked up the steps leading to the front door
of Jim and Laura's home. She was attired in a short black vinyl skirt, a tight
pullover white sweater, a leather jacket and heels and carrying a large black
purse. Inside the purse were a variety of restraints and toys. As Jill had been
made out to be a blond Cindy wore a blond wig. Laura opened the door before
Cindy could ring the bell and beckoned her inside. The aspiring domme, soon to
be unwilling submissive, was modestly attired in black slacks and bikini and
heels.

"Jill couldn't make it today so I came instead, only I'm the dominatrix and
you're the sub" commanded Cindy. With lightning speed she grabbed Laura by the
hair and half dragged ,half wrestled her onto her face on the couch. Laura was
no slouch in the strength department but she was no match for her adversary and
quickly found her wrists cuffed behind her and her ankles cuffed, the steel
proving quite painful. These cuffs were only temporary until she could be taken
to the basement and strung up with leather cuffs from the rafters this being
Cindy's favorite training position. Cindy quickly donned a ski mask. The
bewildered Laura thinking that perhaps a robbery was coming down pleaded with
her captor to take her valuables and leave her unharmed.

"This isn't a robbery bitch, your husband Jim will be here in five minutes, he
was the Jill you talked to in the chat room" snarled Cindy. Laura instinctively
reacted with a torrent of invectives directed at both Cindy and Jim. "I think
I've heard enough from you" snapped Cindy removing a pair of soiled panties from
her bag. "I wore these yesterday, now open wide like a good sub" chuckled Cindy
as she proceeded to stuff the panties into Laura's mouth effectively silencing
her. Next Cindy dialed Jim on her cell phone delivering a brief message "The
bitch is subdued" before hanging up. By prearrangement Jim would wait another
thirty minutes before arriving as this would give Cindy time to interrogate and
"soften up" her unwilling charge.

First task was to obtain the password to Laura's computer. This necessitated
removal of the gag with a stern warning that any further outbursts would result
in intense pain. Laura as expected balked at revealing the password. Cindy
easily removed Laura's top and using a pair of wire cutters gripped her left tit
in it. "One last chance before we twist" ordered Cindy. Laura chose reason over
valor and pain and revealed the password. "That's a good little slut" cooed
Cindy.

Cindy proceeded to the interrogation as it was important for Jim to know the
extent of Laura's bondage activities. It proved easier than expected. Evidently
sensing Cindy's innate viciousness Laura reasoned it was best to act
respectfully and hopefully obtain her sympathy. But Cindy had sympathy for few
of her captives and especially not this one. She came off like an uppity snob.,
nonetheless Cindy played along.
Laura had fantasized for a couple years of being a dominatrix. She had no prior
real experience as either a sub or domme but she spent much time reading bondage
related web sites and viewing the pictures. "Jill" would have been her first
pupil. Laura's bondage equipment consisted merely of one  set of leather cuffs,
a ball gag, and a flogger Laura insisted she loved Jim but was bored with
conventional sex and she didn't want to be a submissive-assuming Jim would have
agreed to it. She insisted never having engaged in any non bondage lesbian
activities nor to any extramarital affair

Before moving the cuffed Laura to the basement Cindy ordered her to kneel.
Hiking her skirt she forced Laura to engage in oral sex for several minutes.
Cindy found it unsatisfying and it was clear Laura was not performing
enthusiastically. "You will have to do better than that but we have plenty of
time". With no further need for the use of Laura's mouth Cindy replaced the
panty gag. The pleading look that had previously been in Laura's eyes was
replaced by a harsh glare and prompted a big grin from Cindy .Laura remained
silent sensing correctly that her gagged protests would only further arouse
Cindy.

Cindy easily dragged her captive to the basement. The metal wrist cuffs were
removed and leather cuffs used to attach her arms overhead to the ceiling
rafter. Her ankle cuffs were removed and replaced with a spreader bar and
leather cuffs. Cindy easily removed the remainder of Laura's clothing then
proceeded to explain what was in store for her
-Laura was being punished for infidelity to her husband
-she would be subjected to severe whipping, breast torture, anal and vaginal
dildoing amongst other forms of abuse and torture.
-Laura would be required to express contrition to Jim. Cindy would be the sole
judge as to whether or not it was sincere
-Laura would not be allowed to address Jim directly, she could speak only with
Cindy's permission, she was to be addressed as "Maam"
-If these methods did not achieve the desired results "special methods and
techniques at a secure facility" would be employed. Such were not further
described but the tone in which they were expressed only further increased
Laura's anguish.

The sound of footsteps could be heard upstairs indicating Jim was home. "Don't
go anywhere, I'll be back shortly with hub" smirked Cindy. Upstairs Cindy
delivered a quick summary of what she had learned . She hoped that Laura's claim
of no real time bondage experience would give Jim some piece of mind. Then a
strange thing happened. Cindy rubbed against Jim and felt his cock which
instinctively hardened. Jim was jolted recalling her warning about male
advances. "I must talk to you now, lets sit down" exclaimed Cindy in an almost
pleading tone, not her characteristic intimidating and sarcastic tone.

Continuing to gently massage Jim's rigid cock Cindy explained that she was
attracted to few men especially not her handful of male submissive customers.
But every so often she developed a sexual attraction to "a  normal guy" as she
described it and Jim was such a guy. She felt Jim was a decent guy who had made
great sacrifices to keep the marriage together only to have a wife pursue a form
of sexual activity that was ill suited for her "She'll never be a domme in ten
years, she'll be lucky to survive today's submissive session" All Cindy wanted
was a quick fuck and then it would be onto training Laura who would not be made
aware of the tryst. "Of course I could restrain you in front of your wife and
force you to insert, now that would really be humiliating won't it" giggled
Cindy.

Jim promptly decided it would be in his best interests to accede to this
request. Cindy scurried to the basement to check on the captive. "Here maybe
this will make you feel a little better" and quickly inserted a 5" vibrating
dildo in her twat turning it on low. Laura's lubrication was excellent and the
device went in with little difficulty. In addition Cindy removed the panty gag
for the time being. A tight fitting leather hood with a blindfold and a holes
for mouth and nose was put on Laura. This allowed Cindy to remove the ski mask
she had been wearing since her arrival. "Oh I must remind you that if when I
return I find the little intruder has been removed I'll seal it with super glue"
chirped Cindy as she hurried back upstairs to be fucked by her captive's hub.

Jim had already stripped and was sitting on a living room chair awaiting Cindy.
She wasted no time stripping herself and assuming a doggy style position on the
couch. With no foreplay Jim mounted her and began thrusting. Cindy uttered
passionate and quite genuine sounding moans as Jim thrust repeatedly for several
minutes before climaxing. She seemed to enjoy the brief respite from her
dominatrix role far more than Jim who simply was not prepared for such a
situation. Cindy quickly redressed and redonned her ski mask. It was time to
begin Laura's training session in full.

In the basement Laura was near panic. The visual sensory deprivation resulting
from the hood was worse than the speech deprivation of the panty gag. The erotic
stimulation provided by the dildo was having only a mild effect being more than
offset by her fear of what tortures she knew were imminent. She knew screaming
was fruitless and there was no hope of escape from the restraints so expertly
attached by her captor. Laura heard the footsteps descending the stairs and she
tensed knowing she would be confronting Jim directly for the first time in her
restraints. Cindy told Laura she was removing the bondage hood but that if she
spoke one word without permission she would experience severe pain.

Laura viewed Jim standing several feet away his arms folded his expression as
stoic as he could master. The glare she had exhibited towards Cindy was replaced
with a pleading look. She wanted to beg for forgiveness but knew the
consequences. Cindy amused herself pinching Laura's nipples and checking on the
status of the dildo. Nipples quite erect and copious internal wetness. Not
uncommon thought Cindy to herself knowing that the majority of unwilling women
in restraints reacted the same.

Cindy displayed a flogger, a cat of nine tail, and a riding crop. "You will get
quite acquainted with each of these" and with that commenced with the first of
several dozen lashes. They were delivered to the buttocks, breasts and crotch
area in roughly equal numbers but at varying intensities. The first two lashes
might be mild then the third would be quite severe or four consecutive severe
lashes might be delivered. Cindy prided herself on her ability as a whip
mistress and being able to cause great pain while avoiding permanent injury. It
was obvious Laura was not holding up well under the lashings and her anguished
moans gave way to spoken pleas to stop. Finally sensing the breaking point was
near Cindy ceased the lashings.

Quite unexpectedly Laura blurted to Cindy "permission to speak Maam".
"Permission granted" replied Cindy. Laura proceeded to address Jim directly
begging him for forgiveness/ Cindy's reaction was swift and certain: a vicious
flogger lash to the crouch area causing her to cringe in pain. "You were told
not to speak directly to him" Cindy angrily commanded. To avoid a repetition
Cindy inserted a large ball gag into Laura's mouth. For further spite metal
clamps were attached, one to each nipple, and one to the clit. Cindy stood back
and smiled.

Jim was becoming increasingly concerned about the savagery of Cindy's
techniques. He wanted his wife to be punished but this was bordering on excess.
Although hardly a wimp Jim was reluctant to express his concerns to Cindy for
fear he would find himself an unwilling submissive especially given her
unexpected sexual interest in him. Such was the intimidating power of this
vicious dominatrix. He watched silently as Cindy proceeded to the next phase of
her torture regimen.

Cindy attached a strap on device to herself. It was a knobby sandpaper like
surface and certain to cause far more pain than the conventional type. Jim had
previously told her of Laura's extreme distaste for anal sex. Without doubt that
contributed to the gleeful look on Cindy's face as she applied a modest amount
of lubricant before beginning vigorous penetrations for several minutes. Laura
writhed in obvious pain being unable to avoid moaning sounds through her gag.

Jim finally summoned the courage to bring the session to a close. But before he
could speak Cindy's cell phone rang resulting in a look of disgust on her face.
A quick glance showed the call was from Russell Schenck her employer and the
owner of the Acme Bail Bond Agency.
Calls from him were never ignored and Cindy halted her thrusting in order to
answer. The message was short and indeed sweet. Two female fugitives, mother and
daughter, had been caught in North Carolina and needed to be transported to New
York City by the next afternoon to avoid bond forfeiture. Cindy was to leave
immediately and transport the two in a van by herself. As enjoyable as the
session with Laura had been transports meant pay and nothing beat a long
distance transport of a restrained female, except for two restrained females.

Without announcing the reason Cindy stated she was terminating the session
making it clear she would be available for future sessions. Cindy removed the
spreader bar and ball gag from Laura but offered to leave her attached to the
rafters with the leather cuffs. Not a bad idea thought Jim. Cindy departed
quickly. Jim pulled up a chair in front of his bound wife. "We need to have a
long talk" said Jim. Laura was sobbing and barely coherent but she nodded her
head in agreement. Jim knew that reconciliation would soon be achieved.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Skip


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





