BDSM Library - Subculture fuck




Subculture fuck
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two metal fan kids go to a preppy party. Fucking ensues on all fronts even before they get there. Originally inspired by the Marilyn Manson video Tainted Love.
Subculture fuck

- Taisto Vahajarki



- Hey Goat, where the fuck we going? Daniele asked, her arm hanging out on the
side of the red Cadillac convertible speeding down the highway, a joint in her
hand, protected by her fingers.

  Goat was the man driving. He looked briefly to the passenger side at Daniele,
the lights on the road reflecting on his faux-eighties shades.

  - It's a party, he answered.

  - Fuck you, I know that, Daniele snapped back, bringing the joint to her lips,
glossed black. Her medium-length straight black hair went wild in the wind.

  - Hey, gimme some of that joint, Goat said and Daniele passed the remains.
It's like this sport guy from the college my brother's going to. He's having a
party. My bro's going, and I thought we should go too.

  - Fuck you Goat, what the fuck are you thinking? I mean, fuck sports, Daniele
stated, turning sideways to look at Goat. His thin face was expressionless, his
large eyes hidden by the shades. He sprawled over the driver's side, tall, lean,
lanky and menacing, driving with lazy motions.

  - It's a college party, and we haven't got anything else to do, Goat replied,
slightly annoyed, adjusting his long black dreadlocks with his free hand.

  - OK, so we don't, Daniele said, relenting. Hey Goat, after you got those
dreads, you look like the perfect Jamaican goth white boy, I mean, you're black
and white.

  - Sure am.

  Daniele settled contentedly back to roll a new joint, her long, white fingers
working over the motions with practised ease. She had a fragile face, large eyes
done with black and a black leather coat slightly too big for her, every bit as
black and white as Goat, the white of her skin contrasting with her black top
perfectly to bring out her breasts.

  - Oh fuck, that's a pigmobile, and it's following us, Goat said with
annoyance. Just as Daniele turned to look, the joint held high, the cops
accelerated to their side and motioned them to stop by the side of the road.

  - Why is it always me? Goat asked rhetorically as he slowed down and stopped.
The night-time forest they were driving through was quiet, and there weren't
many houses about. No traffic either, Goat noted, wondering why the cops were
there at all.

  The police car parked ten yards in front of the Cadillac and a cop emerged, a
big, heavy black guy, the kind who worked out, the kind every white boy feared
he'd get for a cellmate if he ever went to prison.

  - Can I see some registration, sir, the cop asked as he sauntered over,
pointing his flashlight onto both of their faces. Goat handed him the papers.

  - Got ID?

  Goat handed him his ID.

  - Richard Kozyrev, the cop said, making a show of looking through the papers.

  - Yeah, that's me, Goat said sullenly. Daniele looked bored.

  - Say, young lady, isn't that by any chance an illegal substance you're
smoking there, the cop asked, as if only just realizing it. Daniele started at
the question and looked at the joint dumbfounded.

  - Fuck, Goat said quietly to himself and surreptitiously dropped his joint to
the ground.

  The cop ambled to the passenger side of the car, and took the joint from her
fingers, sizing her up. Army boots. Slim legs, stay ups, a short black leather
skirt, slim figure, a tank top exposing her abs and navel piercing, large tits,
almost incongruous on her frame, the cop noted approvingly. A studded black
leather collar. Two rings piercing her lower lip, where her incisors would be. A
nice, understated gothic make up. She looked at him sullenly.

  - I think I'll have to arrest you, he said with deep satisfaction. These goth
people were into all kinds of kinky shit, he mused to himself.

  - Oh fuck, Daniele replied, with dejection. Goat looked around with
resignation. He knew what way this was going.  He looked over to the police car,
and saw the other cop, a white all-American farm boy, step out of the car,
expectant.

  - Of course, seeing as in my book this is only a small misdemeanor, it's a
shame to burden the system with it. God knows, the prisons are full of junkies
already, the cop continued conversationally.

  Daniele continued looking at him with distaste.

  - Now, the deal is this, the cop said, leaning closer. Me and my partner there
are going to fuck you thoroughly. In return, you won't have to visit our
charming correctional institutes. A pretty fair deal, all in all, what do you
say?

  - Okay. By the looks of you, you've taken so many steroids you won't last
worth shit anyway, Daniele replied at last, sizing him up.

  - Fuck you, bitch, the cop said with a laugh, stepping away from the car. Get
out and follow me. Hey you, he quipped towards Goat, hope you don't mind
waiting.

  Daniele hopped over the side of the Cadillac, taking one final drag from her
joint before dumping it.

  - Hey Joey, I got us a catch, the black cop yelled to his partner as he led
Daniele towards the cop car.

  - Fuck, she's sweet, can't be more than twenty, probably eighteen, Joey
replied as the two came over to the car. You sure got the instinct, Tyler.

  Suddenly it went dark as Goat turned off the headlights from his car.

  - Play with her, I'll be back in a sec, Tyler said, turning back to the
Cadillac. Joey leaned on the roof of the cop car.

  - Lose the coat, he said. Daniele took off the coat and put it on the hood of
the car. Now that the prospect of prison had receded, she was starting to get
into it.

  - Turn around, Joey commanded. Daniele turned.

  - Put your hands behind your back, he continued. Daniele presented her arms
behind her, and he took hold of her, handcuffing her. He could feel her
trembling.

  Meanwhile Tyler had ambled over to Goat's car.

  - Hey, you put those lights back on, we don't see shit otherwise, he said
amiably.

  - C'mon, my car battery's going to die if I do, Goat said.

  - Keep your engine running. I see that you have pretty good stereos on board.
We'd like some music, if you don't mind, Tyler continued and left. Goat grumbled
and turned the engine and lights on. After rummaging around, he found his trash
metal tapes and put one on, booming on maximum volume.

  - Hey Joey, spread the fuckblanket, Tyler said as he came back to the police
car.

  - Yes sir, Joey replied with a mock salute, and went to the trunk of the car,
producing a blanket which he spread on the tarmac.

  - We like to be prepared, Tyler said, noting the surprise on Daniele's face.

  - Besides, if you're on your knees on the ground, you'd get scraped, and we
don't want that, he continued.

  After Joey was finished, Tyler walked Daniele to the blanket.

  - Kneel, Tyler said. Daniele knelt, carefully. Tyler took out his knife and
ripped the back of her tank top open, breaking her bra in the process.

  - You can't undress with the cuffs, you know, he said as he roughly removed
the top and the black lace bra, leaving her shapely breasts free.

  - Fuck you, Tyler, that wasn't cheap, Daniele complained, trying to regain her
balance.

  - Joey, her mouth's open. See if those rings on her lips make it feel any
different, Tyler said, pushing her head down towards Joey's crotch.

  Joey undid his pants and presented his half-hard dick to Daniele's face. After
she failed to react immediately he took a hold of her hair and roughly guided
her mouth to his dick. Gingerly, she took it in as Tyler worked to remove her
skirt. She had to rely on Joey to keep her balance as Tyler manhandled her.
After working on Joey's cock for a while with her tongue it was hard as a rock,
and he started slowly pushing in and out, carelessly thrusting to the hilt in
her throat. Wasn't as big as Goat, though, and if she could deepthroat him she
could deepthroat this fucker.

  Tyler took a moment to regard her shapely ass before trying her pussy with his
finger.

  - She's wet, allright, he said as he lowered his trousers and prepared to
plunge in, his dick already fully erect.

  Meanwhile, back in the Cadillac, Goat looked at the scene before him with
growing resignation. This was obviously going to take a while, he though,
rolling a joint.

  Tyler took a hold of Daniele's waist and plunged his dick into her cunt with
one fluid motion, going straight to the hilt. Daniele moaned around Joey's cock,
her cuffed hands moving impotently behind her back.

  Tyler set into a strong, rough rhythm, pushing his huge cock all the way in
and almost out in long strokes. Joey settled down to an unassisted facefuck, as
Daniele had lost the presence of mind to put any effort into blowing him.

  - Hey, I'm going to fuck her ass, you wanna go fuck her pussy? Tyler said
after a while.

  - Sure, Joey replied, withdrawing his dick gingerly. Tyler pulled out as well,
accompanied by a tortured moan of protest from Daniele. He waited for a moment,
lifting her as Joey made his way to lie under her, positioning himself so that
his dick was ready to impale her pussy.

  - You support her, Tyler said, letting go of Daniele, allowing Joey to guide
her down onto his dick. Tyler decided that pussy juices were lubrication enough,
pulled her ass cheeks apart and started pushing in.

  Joey and Daniele moaned in unison as his dick entered into her. Tyler's push
almost made her fall on her side, and Joey took a firm hold of her breasts to
keep her upright.

  - Ngh ngh ngh, Daniele moaned, eyes closed, oblivious, as Tyler took up his
thrusting to the fast beat of the trash metal eerily filling the night.

  It didn't take long for Joey to come. He tried to prolong it, but Daniele was
moving up and down on him in the rhythm of Tyler's thrusting, and be burst into
her, hugging her onto him and yelling as he came. Daniele continued humping
regardless and Joey quickly pulled out and crawled from under her to avoid
having his dick caught in the hydraulics. He remained kneeling in front of her,
keeping her upright by the collar, watching as she drooled on his fingers. He
noted with fascination the spit collecting around the rings in her lower lip.

  - I wanna fuck the bitch on the hood, Tyler grunted and lifted her up from the
waist, still in her ass. Joey took a hold of her shoulders and ran her forward
to land on the hood of the car, tits smashing against the metal as Tyler resumed
pounding the moment it became possible.

  Joey lighted a smoke and settled to watch, using the discarded, shredded top
to wipe his dick clean.

  Watching Daniele's tits rubbing against the hood was the final straw and after
a couple of frenzied strokes Tyler stopped, luxuriating in the feeling of coming
deep in her ass. After the last ebbs of his orgasm had faded, he slowly withdrew
with deep satisfaction.

  His pleasant reverie was interrupted by the sound of muted laughter.

  - What are you laughing at? Tyler asked her.

  - I took you for the kind of a guy who couldn't satisfy a girl and I was
fucking right, Daniele said, still lying face-down on the hood.

  - Oh fuck you, bitch, Tyler said, taking out his black night-stick. I'll show
you who's the man, he continued, spitting on his hand and lubricating the shiny
plastic surface of the stick with it. He took a hold of her ass with one hand
and used the other to roughly force the stick into her pussy.

  - That's more like it, Daniele said, her voice tight with satisfaction.

  Tyler sat by her side on the hood and started pushing and pulling the stick at
a leisurely pace.

  - Let's it not be said were not gentlemen he commented a particularly poignant
moan of pleasure emanating behind him.

  - There's a speck of shit on your dick, Joey commented.

  - Gimme that rag, Tyler answered, the thrusting of the night-stick momentarily
ceasing.

  - Keep it up, fuck it, Daniele grunted.

  - Yes ma'am, Tyler said, rolling his eyes. He glanced over to the Cadillac and
saw the rasta goth step out of the car and start to walk over.

  - We're still finishing her off, he called to the man.

  - We don't have the entire night, you know. Wrap it up, Goat said as he came
closer, cutting a lean silhouette with his black white-beater, tattooed arms and
black jeans.

  - You know, we kind of like your girl here, Tyler said just as Daniele's moans
turned to screams, wiping his dick clean with his free hand.

  - Yeah. Normally we get to fuck horny housewives with no underwear, Joey
commented.

  - This one's got the spirit. Might have to take her to the station, Tyler said
just as Daniele's orgasm reached a crescendo.

  - Hey, we had a deal, Goat protested as Daniele slowly ceased to meet Tyler's
thrusts and her screams turned to quiet, satisfied panting.

  - So we did. But on the other hand, it wouldn't be fair to deprive our
colleagues of this morsel, Tyler replied, withdrawing the night-stick from the
sated girl.

  - Oh fuck you, Goat said, producing a small plastic bag full of white powder
from his pocket. Here's some coke. How about you share this with your colleagues
and we continue on our way.

  - Can't say no to a good deal, Joey said, eagerly taking the offered cocaine.
He opened the bag and sniffed the contents. Good stuff, he commented.

  - Joey, you fucking junkie. Don't you ever think of anything else except
drugs? Tyler remonstrated, cleaning his night-stick.

  - No, except while fucking. Hey goth dude, you got a steady supply of this
shit?

  - Yeah, I do, Goat said carefully.

  - We could set up a deal. You get me more of this shit, I'm willing to pay a
good price, Joey offered.

  - Okay, Goat said. Here's my card.

  - I'll call you, Joey said as he took the card.

  - Nice doing business with you, Tyler said and he and Goat shook hands.

  - Yeah, you're one lucky guy to have a bitch like this, Joey said, and they
too shook hands. Now get her off our hood.

  - Come on, Goat said as he hauled her upright. She still had her boots and
stay ups on.

  - You got the keys to those cuffs? Goat asked Joey who was rolling up the
blanket. Tyler was already starting the car.

  - No, lost 'em, Joey replied, grinning. He flung the blanket into the trunk
and hopped into the car, which roared away tires screeching, leaving Goat and
Daniele standing stupidly by the side of the road, bathed in the headlights of
the Cadillac.

  - At least you had your fun, Goat commented.

  - Oh fuck you, you got a customer, Daniele replied with good humor, leaning to
kiss him on the tip of his nose.

  - Yeah, the night's not all wasted. Let's see. We got your coat, Goat said,
stooping to pick up her coat from the tarmac. We got your skirt and panties, he
continued, picking them in turn. Your top's fucked.

  - So's my bra.

  - Let's go over to the car, I have boltcutters.

  - I don't have anything to wear to the party, Daniele protested as they
started walking towards the car, the leather coat hung over her shoulders.

  - I got that PVC top of yours in the trunk, from last week, remember? Goat
reminded her.

  - It's got sperm stains on it, and I can't wear it with this skirt.

  - Got your skirt too, and it's plastic. You can just wipe it clean. And I got
a very nice white bra that's going to fit you perfectly. It's got all these cute
lace frills.

  - That's not mine, Daniele said, perplexed.

  - It's from that girl we fucked last week, the rich Baptist suburban bitch,
Goat replied.



The Cadillac curved into yet another suburban roadway, lined with trees, lawns
and identical white houses.

  - Hey, look! Daniele pointed ahead, to a house with almost a dozen cars parked
in the vicinity.

  - That's it, I think. Fuck, why do all these suburban ideals be so identical,
we must've circled around for at least an hour, Goat complained.

  - Where the fuck we gonna park? Daniele asked as they rolled closer,
headlights illuminating the various Chevys, BMWs, Toyotas and even one Jaguar
around the house. The sides of the street were taken, as well as the road to the
garage.

  - Fuck it, Goat snarled and drove the car straight into the flower beds in
front of the panorama windows of the house's living room. The beat of Britney
Spears echoed from the inside. The white, tasteful curtains showed the
silhouettes of people partying.

  They jumped out of the car and headed to the front door. Daniele had had to
change to a long, black PVC skirt, open to the knee and a black PVC jacket, open
at the front, displaying her abs and breasts bounded only a white lacy bra.

  - Should I get my nipples pierced? she asked as she rung the doorbell.

  - Why not?

  - What if they don't look good on tits as big as mine?

  - Nonsense, they look good on anyone.

  - How much did yours cost?

  - I got them done by my bro for free, I think I could manage you a discount,
Goat said as the door opened.

  - Come on in, said the tall, young, wholesome guy with short sandy hair who
answered the door. Julie sure invited all kinds of people, he said pointedly to
no one as he turned to return inside. He was a lean and limber kind of fellow,
Daniele noted absently. The physique of a swimmer or a runner. Or a dancer,
Daniele thought, brightening up. Would definitely have to look into that later.

  Goat closed the door behind them and they stopped for a moment to look around.
They were in a hall, which at one side opened into a living room and at the
other into a dining room and a kitchen. The dining room didn't have lights on.
The thin voice of some MTV starlet oohed and ahhed to a danceable beat, segueing
into some europop wonder about the joys of dance and love.

  A staircase leading to the second floor was in front of the door. Young people
were going to and fro, some standing on the stairs, drinking and talking. A lot
of jocks, cheerleader-type girls, with the occasional nerdy, meek or bookish
type thrown in for balance. Some of the guys were less jock and more the trendy
type, some of the girls less cheerleader and more the beauty queen.

  Goat and Daniele got some strange looks from some of them.

  - Let's go find my bro, Goat said and Daniele nodded. The floor of the living
room was cleared to form a dancefloor, sofas pushed to the sides of the room,
and a mirror ball provided for some disco effects. The music originated from the
house stereos. Some people were dancing, some were sitting on the sofas. The
house was surprisingly packed, perhaps 50 or 60 people, Goat estimated.

  The kitchen was packed. A girl with sandy, impeccably shaggy shortish hair, a
fresh, sporting face with freckles, a white top, a white skirt and white,
spotless sport shoes was pouring a bottle of vodka into a bowl already half-full
of orange liquid. The first eager ones were already dipping in, while the rest
of the kitchen was filled with people talking, plundering the fridge or washing
something.

  Suddenly the freckled girl spotted Goat and Daniele.

  - Hey! You! she called, beckoning them closer. Goat checked her over, and
noted she had a very trained figure. Not the busty cheerleader type. She could
have been a dancer, but probably was just really into aerobic, or possibly
show-dance or something like that. He and Daniele edged closer, the sweep of
Goat's tattooed arm clearing space.

  - Hi, he said. I'm Sascha's brother, Goat. He offered his hand.

  - Nice to meet you, she said, sizing him up with a smile, shaking the offered
hand. I'm Julie. Who's your friend? she continued, glancing into Daniele's
direction with condescending amusement.

  - She's my girl, Daniele. Daniele nodded.  Where's my bro? Goat asked.

  - Upstairs, I think, Julie replied, shaking the last drops from the vodka
bottle.

  - I think we'll go say hi to him, Goat said and left with Daniele in tow.

  They found Sascha in a bedroom, Julie's Goat guessed by the way of the
Backstreet Boys poster. He was talking with a nerdy couple, and stood up as he
noticed the Goat and Daniele. His appearance stood in stark contrast to the
room; he was as tall as Goat, but more gangly, with long, black hair hanging
down on either side of his Slavic, craggy face. He had a magnificent nose, a
Babylon Whores t-shirt and black leather pants.

  - Hey, you came! Fucking great! Steve and Jodie here are the only ones I know
here and I was starting to feel out of place, he said, embracing first his
brother and then Daniele warmly, stopping to kiss her forehead.

  - Nice to see you too, what's it been, two days, Goat replied with a grin.

  - Introduce us to your friends, Daniele said properly.

  - Oh, right. Sascha spinned around as the two sitting on the bed stood up,
smiling nervously. Daniele, Goat, Steve, Jodie, he said as all shook hands.
Steve was a polite-looking young man with suit pants, white collar shirt and a
tweed jacket, long neck and earnest expression. Jodie was short, with large
square glasses dominating her soft-featured, almost Mediterranean face. Her
long, dark hair was in a ponytail and she was wearing a woollen, reasonably
form-hugging  sweater striped with red, dirty green and light blue and black
velvet pants. She looked nice and harmless, and possibly like she played flute.

  - Were doing some preliminary work together for our theses, Sascha explained,
indicating Jodie. Goat mentally upgraded his estimate of her age to
mid-twenties. If she was working with Sascha, she was another physics prodigy.
She and Steve here are an item, Sascha continued. Steve's going to be a computer
science theoretician.

  Certainly looked like one, Goat noted mentally.

  - So, what do you do? Jodie asked Goat and Daniele.

  - Oh, I do gigs as a DJ, make my money selling drugs, arrange goth clubs, that
kind of thing. You could charitably call me a producer, Goat answered. Steve was
ogling at Daniele's breasts.

  - DJ? That's nice! Where do you play? Jodie said, interested.

  - Oh, in goth and industrial clubs, although the real money comes from gigs at
BDSM parties. Sometimes I do a rave or a techno club, to stay limber.

  - Yeah, Jodie said.

  - I shoplift, Daniele said after a pause in the conversation.

  - That right? Jodie said, amused.

  - Yeah. I also pose in music videos and in bondage pictures, when the money's
tight.

  - That makes you a model then? Jodie said gamely.

  - No, that makes her a bum, Sascha commented good-humoredly.

  - Oh fuck you, Daniele huffed, failing to achieve indignation. I'm going to be
an actress, and you'll be sorry you dissed me after I'm rich!

  - The only kind of a movie you're going to star in is a porn flick, Sascha
replied.

  - The way Steve here's been looking at my tits, maybe that would be a good
career for me, Daniele said with mock condescension. Steve started and blushed
and stammered something.

  - Oh honey, she's a beautiful girl all right, Jodie said. You could try to be
less obvious about it, though, she continued as she snuggled close to her. She
whispered something to his ear, making him blush even harder.

  - Oh fuck, I need alcohol, Daniele said suddenly, turning to leave.

  - Get me a glass as well, Goat yelled after her, sitting down on a free chair
as Sascha sat on the window ledge.

  Daniele bumped into someone as she turned towards the staircase. Looking up at
his face, she found out that he was a square-jawed hunk of a guy, with a stupid
leer and a light blue shirt. Short slick hair dyed blonde.

  - Well hello, he said turning so she was stuck between him and the rail of the
staircase, keeping close.

  - Who the fuck are you? Daniele asked, trying to keep a distance and failing.

  - Me? I'm John, Julie's brother. I'm hosting this party, you know, he said,
with mock hurt in his voice. I was about to ask you you're name, but I think I'd
just like to make sweet love to you, the way your tits are on the show, he
continued, stooping closer.

  - You fuck me? Get out! Daniele said and pushed him hard on the chest, sending
him staggering back and allowing her escape. The way your dick pushed against me
just now, you wouldn't last ten seconds, she quipped, disappearing down the
staircase.

  - Fucking freak, John said to no one.

  Daniele ended up dancing, for lack of anything else to do. She had managed to
be on the crowded floor for maybe five minutes before she felt someone grab her
ass.

  - Hello, beautiful, a male voice breathed into her ear.

  - Fuck off, she said, glancing around her shoulder at the jock behind her.

  - Hey, I'm Brad said a nice-looking guy with curly hair as Daniele was
returning from the kitchen, glass full.

  - Daniele. It was nice to meet you, she said as she walked past him.

  She noticed a group of guys talking and glancing at her near the panorama
windows of the living room and she guessed they were daring each other to try to
pick her off. She turned on her heels and decided to return upstairs, going by
the way of the kitchen to get Goat his drink.

  As she emerged from the kitchen Daniele found herself surrounded by three
guys. One was John. Another was the one who had grabbed her ass on the dance
floor. The third was an Irish-looking guy she didn't know.

  - Wanna see the view from the window of the master bedroom? John leered.

  - Oh right. You don't have it in you! Daniele mocked, almost amused at the
constant attention.

  - Hey... the Irish guy was about to say but John interrupted him.

  - Like your jacket, by the way, he said nonchalantly.

  - That so? Daniele replied, deciding to go with it, to see where it would go.

  - Yeah, I really do. You know, I really like you.

  - Oh, get out, Daniele said, starting to get bored.

  - No really. John thought for a while and then continued. I think you should
really come see my parents' bedroom. You wouldn't believe some of the strange
shit they've got there.

  - All right, Daniele replied evenly, looking from one guy to another.

  John opened a door beside the kitchen entrance, and led Daniele to a short
stretch of corridor. It had another door going to the living room and one that
John opened, leading to a large bedroom, appointed with an almost gothic double
bed and heavy draperies on the large windows. On one wall of the airy room was a
bookcase with shelf after shelf of volumes. John closed the door after all had
entered.

  - Not much of a view, Daniele managed to observe before the guys were on her.
After a short struggle she found herself lying  on the bed, jacket yanked off
her, her wrists tied together and affixed to the headboard of the bead above her
head, the ass-grabbing guy sitting on her legs, not that the long skirt allowed
for that much movement anyway. John was straddling her chest, and leaned close
to her face.

  - We're going to fuck you, and fuck you through, you fucking tease, he said,
dead serious.

  Daniele looked searchingly at his face for a while before replying, laughing.

  - Oh this is just like you losers. You got me tied down on the fucking bed and
you're still asking permission! Get on with it, fuck it!

  John's face flushed and a for a moment he was silent. Then he stood up.

  - Okay, he said trying to keep his voice even. He took his pants off,
revealing a half-erect cock. He straddled her again, leaning to feed her his
cock.

  - That's not big enough, she said. For a moment he looked like he would
crumble, but his cock sprang instantly into full hardness. Then he furiously
grabbed the back of her head and pushed his cock into her mouth, pushing it as
far in as it would go.

  Meanwhile Gary was pulling her skirt off, revealing her bright red PVC
panties. He also pulled off her boots and tied her ankles to the bedposts.

  Daniele sucked on John's cock very obligingly, and after a while he started
moving it slightly in and out, letting go of her hair. After a while he was
relaxed enough to start pulling out.

  - No fucking talking, he said as his dick left her mouth. She just kissed the
end and looked back, smiling. I'm going to cum on your face and there's nothing
you can do about it, he said reassuring himself. He settled down on her chest,
lowering his shaft between her beasts and pushing them together and started
slowly to fuck them, fingering her nipples, and feeling her body respond.

  Gary and the Irish guy were both naked and slowly stroking their erect cocks,
waiting for their turn. John settled onto a forceful rhythm, wanting to conquer
her once and for all by blasting his cum all over her face. It didn't take long
for him to start approaching climax, worked up as he was right from the
beginning.

  As his thrusts gained intensity and as he pushed her tits ever tighter around
his aching cock, Daniele leaned forward to lick at the tip of his dick as it
emerged from between her breasts every thrust. John's fucking went wilder and
suddenly white gobs of cum flew out of his dick, to land on her nose and cheek.

  - Open your fucking mouth, bitch, he growled and as Daniele complied thrust
his cumming cock awkwardly into her throat, and thrusting, with less and less
intensity as his orgasm died down, until he was still.

  He came to and left, suddenly businesslike, and prompted the next one to take
his place. Oh well, that the Hell, Daniele thought as she glanced at the erect
cocks waiting to fuck her exposed breasts. She was aroused as Hell, and was
dying for the chance to even finger herself, but it looked like that wasn't
going to happen for a while.



Goat was looking for Daniele. After asking around he learned that she'd been
last seen an hour ago, with John, Julie's brother. Then he noticed how a guy
came out of a side corridor, talked briefly and covertly to another guy, and
then they both returned to the side corridor. By Goat's reckoning, that led to
the master bedroom. He decided to follow, and opening the door, found the
corridor full of guys surreptitiously in line. Some of them glanced at him
guiltily, others feigned nonchalance.

  He strode purposefully to the door of the bedroom and opened it. Inside he saw
Daniele, naked except for her red panties, tied to the bed. A burly young guy
with glasses was straddling her breasts, thrusting his dick between them. She
was moaning with want and bucking her hips ineffectually. Another guy was
dressing, and two others were naked, in line apparently. Her face was
translucent with cum, and white gobs were also splattered on her hair, the
covers, headboard and pillows, and it looked like her tits were lubricated with
it. From the stench in the room and the fact that some of the guys looked like
they were coming for seconds, Goat approximated that this was not the second or
the third guy, more like the twentieth.

  Goat shrugged his shoulders and left. He returned upstairs where Steve, Jodie
and Sascha were still talking.

  - Daniele's downstairs, getting gang tittyfucked. There's sloppy seconds, if
anyone's interested.

  Steve started instantly, but then looked back, pleading, to Jodie.

  - Oh for God's sake, go! You wanted to fuck her the moment you saw her! she
remonstrated.

  - So, who's the girl in the beret? Goat asked after Steve had left.

  - She'll introduce herself to you as Tanya, but her real name is Marjorie
Koch, Jodie replied, confidentially. Been into communist chic very much lately.

  - She's read her Marx, though, Sascha commented.

  - Not 100 % fashion thing, then, Jodie concluded.

  - How did she get invited here? I mean, were supposed to be in the very heart
of teen-movie America, Goat wondered.

  - I think she's an old fuck of John's, and he's hoping to get into her pants
again, Jodie speculated.

  After that the conversation drifted into music again, and Goat started to feel
bored. He decided he needed to get laid.

  - I'm going to find someone to fuck, he said and rose to leave.

  - You're a slut, you know that? Jodie commented.

  - That's me, Goat replied as we walked out of the door.

  - That leaves just the two of us, Sascha noted casually.

  - Oh Sascha, you're hopeless, Jodie said laughing. Get those pants off and
I'll suck you hard, she continued, taking off her shirt.

  - I'm hard already, Sascha said as he moved to sit behind her on the bed, and
helped her out of her shirt and bra, fondling her breasts and kissing her neck.

  - Sascha? Jodie asked as he was slowly undressing her.

  - Yes?

  - I want you to fuck my ass. You do that for me? she asked, reaching into his
pants to caress his cock, still behind her back.

  - Okay, he replied, gently easing her pants off. Want me to call you a slut
and a whore?

  - Yes please! she said, tensing at the thought.

  - Okay. On your knees, slut, he barked. He still had his t-shirt on, and his
leather pants were open. Jodie had only her black satin panties and square
glasses. Her breasts had large, dark nipples, pierced with silver rings. She had
a Celtic design tattooed on her hips, going down the crack of her ass, in the
shape of a thong, easy to mistake for the real thing from a distance. She knelt
obediently before him.

  Sascha deliberated for a while.

  - You got lubricant, slut? he asked finally.

  - Yes, in my purse, Jodie replied, eyes downcast, expectant.

  - Great. Stand up, legs apart, facing me, hands behind your head. Jodie
complied. Sascha reached forward to slowly ease Jodie's panties off, and down to
the floor. Jodie's breathing quickened. Sascha tweaked her nipple, slipped his
finger in one of her rings and twisted. Her face contorted and she made a small
noise in her throat. Sascha let go. He regarded her for a while and then touched
his finger to her cunt. She was wet. He moved his fingers around for a while,
and she tried to suppress a moan.

  - You're an animal, he mused to himself. If I ordered you to kneel down on
that bed and let every guy who comes in cum on your face, you'd let them and ask
for more, wouldn't you, whore?

  - Yesss, she sighed, the rings on her nipples quivering.

  - You'll need to have your clit pierced, you know. A man needs to have
something to twist, he said, fingers still lightly teasing her pussy, touching
on her clit. Would you like that, fuckbunny?

  - Oh yes, she moaned, her arousal rising like a wave.

  - At rest, he said, wiping his fingers on Julie's bed sheets. Jodie relaxed,
with difficulty. Open those drapes, Sascha continued, indicating the window of
the room. It had a view of the front yard of the house, and was over the
panorama window of the living room. Jodie drew the drapes aside. Sascha drew
behind her, touching her shoulders and arms.

  - Open the window, slut, he whispered into her ear. She opened the window,
panting with expectation. Meanwhile Sascha had procured the tube of KY jelly and
was squirting some on his palm.

  - Legs apart, he said, and as Jodie complied moved to slowly, pleasurably
spread the jelly in her anus, pushing his fingers in. You want something in your
pussy? he asked.

  - I've got three geisha balls already; they been there all evening, she panted
in reply.

  - I'll make sure that everybody else fucks you in the ass as well, then, he
said, taking his pants off and lubricating his erect and throbbing dick. Let's
hear you scream like a bitch in heat, he snarled as he suddenly thrusted into
her ass, forcing his entire length in on the first push. She screamed with pain
and pleasure, and fell to rest on the windowsill, leaning out of the window, her
tits hanging in the open air for every passerby to see. He had her pinned
against the frame of the window and started fucking her violently, thrusting in
and out forcefully and fast.

  Jodie was in heaven. She was screaming, moaning, panting, loudly and in
ecstasy. Sascha reached to pull her ponytail open, releasing her rich, dark
brown hair that covered her whole back, and took a firm hold of some of it to
steady himself.

  - Get your hands behind your back, now, bitch, he shouted, thrusting in,
pressing her close to the window frame. Jodie did as she was told, and Sascha
expertly slipped the handcuffs he had found in her purse on her, pounding all
the while. Now she had nothing to support herself with, hanging half out of the
window, staying upright so that her breasts jutted proudly outwards, only
because Sascha was keeping a hold of her hair.

  A couple of young guys in sports shoes and design sweaters came out for a
smoke, and Jodie managed to keep quiet for a few moments, before she started
moaning again and the guys looked up.

  - Hey girl, nice tits, one of them called.

  - How about we come in for seconds, the other one, a smaller, more wiry
skateboarder type yelled.

  - Wait fifteen minutes and come up, Sascha yelled back from the inside.

  - Don't mind if we enjoy the show till then, do you? the wiry guy replied.

  - Don't get too worked up, Sascha called. Jodie's moaning rose in pitch as she
lapsed into an orgasm that seemed intent to roll over her for quite a while.
Sascha was feeling the price for his hectic rhythm, for he could feel his own
orgasm building as well. He reached around her to take a hold of her breasts and
twist and knead, using his other hand to play her clit to keep her orgasm
rolling as he frenziedly worked his last thrusts, starting to cum in her,
feeling the sperm spurting out of his dick work as additional lubrication making
his slide easier, growling in his throat as he pushed for the last time.

  After he was satisfied that the last drop of semen had erupted, he quickly
pulled out.

  - Hey, bitch, he said, pulling Jodie in from the window by her hair and facing
her, want to clean my dick?

  - Yes please, she replied. Sascha lowered her to the ground, and she got on
her knees and started licking and gently sucking on his dick, revelling in the
degradation.



Goat headed for the kitchen, for he felt he wasn't drunk enough. Everybody was
either dancing, or judging from the lack of guys, still fucking Daniele. The
kitchen was empty. Just as Goat was filling his glass from the bowl, the
communist girl walked in, apparently with similar intent.

  - Hey, aren't you that Goat guy? she asked, moving to the fridge. She had a
French-looking, cheerfully sinful, if refined face, shortish black hair messed
up, a black beret, the body type of an Italian model, a red tank top with the
image of Che Guevara on front, black army pants and combat boots.

  - Yeah, Goat replied, assessing whether he should start hitting on her.

  - I heard you got coke, she said, taking a bottle of red wine from the fridge.

  - Hey, I'm a traditional guy, I'm not used to forward women like you! Goat
protested.

  - No offence meant, she replied, contrite, bottle in hand. Just asking...

  - So, what's your name? Goat asked, crossing his arms and leaning on the
table.

  - Tanya, she said, grimacing as she corked the bottle. Brandishing it, she
continued, Red wine and good sex, that's my motto.

  - That what you need coke for? Goat asked.

  - That too, she said, taking a swig straight from the bottle. You want some?
she offered. Goat took the bottle and drank deep. It certainly beat the
concoctions of the host.

  - You're a woman of principle, Goat stated, pointing to her top.

  - Fucking right, she said. That's the only way to be in this fucked up country
of ours.

  - So you'll appreciate if I've got a few principles too, Goat continued.

  - Sure, to each his own.

  - One of them is no coke on first date.

  - We on a date? Tanya asked, studiedly nonchalant.

  - We'll? Why stop with the wine? he asked, grinning.

  - Bah, good sex always follows. I say we move this party upstairs.

  Goat and Tanya were about to enter Julie's room when they suddenly stopped.

  - I think I hear fucking, Tanya said, voice low.

  - Oh fuck, let's find out, Goat breathed, suddenly not caring, and opened the
door to peek inside. Jodie was on her knees on the floor, naked, deepthroating
one hiphopper guy while jacking off another. A naked Sascha was adjusting
Julie's webcam to point towards them, evidently already transmitting.

  - Hi. Step in the line, will you, Sascha noted, the very picture of petty
officialdom.

  Tanya and Goat looked at each other and closed the door.

  - Maybe John's room's empty? Tanya proposed, and went to look inside. Empty it
was. Goat closed the door behind them. They stood for a moment regarding each
other.

  - What now? Goat broke the silence. Tanya looked him in the eye a moment
longer, and suddenly grabbed his shirt and pulled him onto her, both of them
collapsing onto the bed, Goat's face in her cleavage.

  - Stay put, Tanya snapped as Goat tried to regain his balance. She took the
open bottle of red wine she'd been carrying and started pouring wine down onto
her tits, laughing, pushing Goat's face onto her wine-soaked top, wine
splattering all over her neck, clothes and Goat's dreads.

  Goat drank the wine, sucking the fabric as he discreetly manoeuvred his hands
so that he able to suddenly peel the top over Tanya's head, leaving the soaked,
constricting garment inside-out over her head, pinning her arms. With the same
motion he pushed her down onto the bed, straddling her. She had a white, simple
sports bra. The wine stains would never come out. Not from John's bed covers,
either, or his rugs, Goat noted.

  He sat over her face, pinning her arms, already constricted by the top, down.
She was kicking and cursing, but to no avail, at least for the moment. Goat
undid her army fatigues, and pushed them down to her knees, while her ostensible
struggling helped him along, pushing her red panties down the same time. He took
the bottle and splattered red wine all over her abdomen and pussy, and reached
down to push his head between her legs and start licking the wine off her.

  He didn't do much to keep her pinned, but her struggling had slowly ceased,
transformed into ecstatic writhing as his agile tongue probed deeper into her,
incoherent moans escaping from her lips. Goat didn't notice as she
surreptitiously worked her pants and panties down to her ankles. She couldn't
get them completely off since her boots were in the way, but the top she managed
to work off. She discovered that the crotch of Goat's pants was over her face,
bulging with an erection.

  Goat's expert licking and probing was making concentration difficult, but she
managed to lower his pants enough to get to his cock. She got no further. Goat,
noticing what was happening redoubled his efforts. His concentrated, controlled
pleasuring had her moaning, writhing, and soon screaming as an orgasm hit her.

  Goat rose and disengaged to sit by her heaving body on the bed, regarding her
with amusement.

  - You're fucking good, Tanya commented after collecting herself for a while,
catching her breath.

  - Hey, I'm a gentleman, Goat replied.

  Suddenly the door opened and Julie stumbled in, not really looking where she
was going, slamming the door behind her and leaning on it, eyes closed. She
looked like she was trying to steady her breathing. First Goat thought she was
holding back tears but then it dawned on him there was something else too: she
was aroused as hell.

  - Um, hi, Tanya broke the silence, alerting Julie to their presence,
collecting a blanket to cover her nudity.

  Julie started back at her voice, eyes wide, mouth opening in surprise,
emitting a strangled noise. When she saw who it was she quickly composed
herself, adopting a mask of annoyance.

  - Fuck, she cursed, throwing her hands up in the air, isn't there a room in
the house without somebody fucking in it!

  - Sounds like somebody's not getting any, Tanya teased, standing up, still
covering herself with a cloth.

  - That's not any of your fucking business, Julie retorted defensively.

  - So, how's Sascha and Jodie doing? Goat asked nonchalantly.

  - You're fucking brother's been cleaning his dick on my pillowcases, Julie
exploded.

  - And you're horny as hell, Tanya said calmly, suddenly behind her, caressing
her shoulders.

  - No, don't, Julie protested weakly, trying to squirm away.

  - Easy now, don't bottle yourself up, Goat coaxed, moving to sit by the side
of the bed, pants still open. Tanya had touched on Julia's breasts, eliciting an
involuntary gasp. Just as Julia was about to bolt, Tanya kicked her feet from
under her, so that she ended up on her knees in front of Goat. Tanya wasted no
time and pushed Julia's head roughly towards Goats crotch.

  - If you want, we'll fuck you like the animal you are. If you don't, you can
go and hide. What's your choice? Tanya asked, touching her clit ever so slightly
through the fabric of her skirt and panties.

  Julia hesitated, trembling, fighting back a sob.

  - Well? Tanya asked, her fingertips caressing the fabric her panties lightly.

  Slowly, gingerly, sniffing, Julie opened Goat's pants a little more, and
pulled out his dick. She looked at it dumbly for a moment and then, gaining
resolve, kissed it. Then she started fondling and licking it. The cock was
half-erect already, thanks to Tanya, and Julia's clumsy ministrations soon made
it erect again.

  - Wait for me, I'll get some toys, Tanya said and left the room, closing the
door behind her. Her absence seemed to increase Julie's confidence, for she took
his dick completely in her mouth, and Goat felt that she was not inexperienced
after all, just intimidated. Rather experienced, Goat corrected himself as she
pulled his dick to the hilt in one swift blow, then, apparently satisfied that
the point was made, returned to kissing and licking.



Julie was fitted with a studded collar. She was the perfect submissive. She was
fucked in all positions, by Goat and by Tanya's strap-on, licked and sucked both
of them, came in long waves. She took to whipping, nipple clamps, assfucking
like a natural.

  Goat and Tanya had her tied on all fours on the bed, head covered with a latex
bondage hood except for her mouth, kept open by a ring gag, nipple clamps on,
butt plug in place, and invited select guys from the rest of the party to fuck
her, face and pussy, unaware of who she was.

  Julie, naked except for the collar, was on her knees on the bed, sucking Goat
absently. He was standing on the floor at the feet of the bed. Tanya was behind
Julie, strapping the strap-on to her waist. She bent to pick a small plastic bag
full of white powder from the pocket of her pants, which were on the floor. The
shaft of the strap-on was glistening with Julie's vaginal secretions. Tanya took
a pinch of the white powder and scattered it all over the shaft. It stuck like
flour.

  - Goat, take your dick out. I'm going to give her the good ol' cocaine fuck,
Tanya said. Goat started out of his reverie and quickly extracted his dick out.
Julie let out a small moaning noise, quivering with absent expectation.

  - Hey, gimme that, Goat asked, and Tanya threw him the cocaine bag. Just as
Tanya rammed the strap-on in Julie's pussy with one clean stroke, letting it
stay in her for a while for all the cocaine to absorb before starting to fuck
her. Goat was sprinkling the stuff sloppily on his own erect, glistening dick.
Julie's eyes came open and an expression of astonishment crossed her previously
languid face. Her teeth came together as she snorted out a strangled noise,
steadying herself, wobbling, as Tanya hardened her pace.

  - Oh fuck, Goat, that's my coke you're spilling all over the floor! Tanya
exclaimed, suddenly realizing what he was doing.

  - It's cool, Goat replied, spreading the cocaine all over his cock with his
hand. Got any ideas where I'm going to put this? he asked her with a glint in
his eye just before he momentarily lost himself as the drug hit, absorbed
through the sensitive tissues of the cock.

  Julie was starting to get unfuckable. She was apparently unable to hold steady
and was slowly collapsing on the bed, expression ecstatic.

  Tanya regarded Goat for a moment before replying.

  - I'm going to regret this, she said at last, moving to all fours on the floor
in front of him. Stick it in, she said.

  Goat lost his balance and keeled straight down, onto his back, drifting in
pleasure, oblivious.

  - Men!, Tanya commented with resignation.



Goat started slowly regaining consciousness. The events of the previous night
started coming back and he realized he must still be somewhere in the house,
wherever he had fallen asleep. Gradually he became aware of the luxurious
sensation of someone caressing and licking his dick. Groggily he opened his eyes
and tried to see what was happening.

  He was greeted by a pair of happy, big, innocent -looking eyes regarding him
back, set in a round, smiling face, in a halo of long, almost-black hair, his
dick in her mouth to the hilt. As she slid him out pleasurably slowly, he could
see past his dick down to her ample, buxom cleavage. She was wearing a simple
dress and seemed to have a voluptuous figure.

  - Hi, Goat managed.

  - Hi yourself, the girl said, between blows. She seemed to be in her early
twenties. As she paused to speak, Goat could see she had a stud on her tongue
and another in the middle of her lower lip.

  - To what do I owe this pleasure, Goat asked after he had composed himself
sufficiently to form sentences.

  - Shhh, relax, the girl replied, smiling, and engulfed his cock in her mouth.

  Goat did as he was told and settled back to enjoy. Absently he noted that he
was lying on a sofa in the living room. He could hear noises from the kitchen,
and saw sleeping people lying here and there around the room. The TV was on,
soundlessly showing some Christian channel.

  After a while he became curious again.

  - What's your name, he asked.

  - Rose, she said as she was gently nibbling on his balls, caressing his shaft
with her hands. What's yours?

  - Goat. You're an angel Rose, did you know that, he said, talking to the
ceiling, eyes closed. The only answer he got was a good-natured giggle and a
very slight bite of the tip of his cock. She was kneeling by the sofa, and one
of his legs was over the edge as well, giving her access to his dick. A groggy
glimpse revealed that her dress was a tight, black number, the length of a
miniskirt. She had stay-ups.

  Slowly and inevitably Goat felt his orgasm grow near. Why couldn't he wake
every morning like this? It was just so relaxing.

  - Hey, wanna a warning when I'm about to come, he asked.

  - No, silly. I know when you're coming, and I'm going to swallow it all, she
replied impishly.

  - That right? I must warn you, I haven't fucked since last night. Might be a
geyser, Goat said languidly.

  - Hasn't been a man born who's cum I couldn't swallow, she replied with sunny
unconcern and resumed throating him.

  Suddenly it occurred to him to check where his clothes were. A quick glance
revealed that he had been using a towel as a pillow and had the blanket from
someone's bed covering him, although it had slipped to the floor. Otherwise he
was naked except for his watch.

  Rose was keeping a steady rhythm of taking him deep into her throat and
drawing him almost out. She was slowly working him towards orgasm, and it was
working perfectly. Goat resisted the impulse to grab her head and start
facefucking her. Time for that later, for this seemed to be the beginning of a
beautiful friendship. He was already imagining how those full, round, soft
breasts that were even now so invitingly on display would feel pressed around
his dick.

  He was about to say something when she increased her pace for a few last
draws, took him out and worked him furiously with her hands, keeping her open
mouth poised to accept his come. His coming was one of enormous relief, and he
watched with almost abstracted satisfaction as his spurts of cum flew and landed
on her waiting tongue, pooling around her piercing, some rogue spurts landing on
her cheek. She looked him in the eyes the whole time, with the perfect I hope I
please you -look in her eyes.

  - You taste good, she commented after swallowing the cum in her mouth. After
licking her lips and collecting the excess cum on her cheeks to her mouth she
moved down to clean the last drops from his dick.

  After the orgasm had died down and Rose had left his dick, Goat tried to
experimentally rise to a sitting position. He managed. He spotted his shades on
the floor, picked them up and put them on. Rose had sat down beside him, and
regarded him silently. His erection was slowly coming down.

  - Why me? Goat asked suddenly.

  - What do you mean?

  - There's loads of guys lying around here, just waiting for the perfect
morning, Goat replied, sweeping the room with a gesture.

  - You just had the most promising hard on sticking up below your blanket, Rose
replied evenly, still smiling.

  - I don't think I saw you at yesterday's party, Goat noted.

  - That's right, I came by just a while ago. I was supposed to help Julie with
her physics.

  - And you saw me instead, and decided to go down?

  - Why not? You looked promising, and they say you should do one good deed a
day.

  - And the dress?

  - Oh. I was at the church in the morning, Rose said, little surprised at
somebody questioning something this obvious.

  - So, you wanna make sure God sees your tits? Goat asked in all seriousness.

  - No, you heathen, Rose said, trying to hit Goat with a small cushion. Goat
laughed and evaded.

  - So, what are you after? Goat asked, after a moment of quiet, unravelling the
pillow-towel to be used as clothing.

  - Hey, I just like blowjobs. I'm not after anything! she replied, the picture
of innocence. How brazen do you think I am.

  - Oh, cut it out. We all want something and after you've told me what it is,
we can put it behind us.

  - Well, Rose hesitated, I heard somewhere that you were packing coke.

  - Cocaine you can buy anywhere.

  - I don't have any money, Rose said, looking down.

  - Ahh, so you thought you were going to fuck me, and after we became so very
good friends, you'd get coke!

  - Yeah, Rose replied meekly.

  - That's a very good plan. Just stick to it, Goat exclaimed, standing up. I
think I'll head for the bathroom.

  It took a moment to take in the scene at the bathroom. In the bathtub slept a
naked athlete, curled into a fetal position, his whole body covered with lewd
slogans written with a felt-tip marker. Daniele was lying on her side by the
john, also sleeping, still tied down to a sitting position on a stool. She was
wearing only her red PVC panties. Her hair was matted with dried cum and her
skin was translucent with cum that had been perfunctorily wiped off a number of
times during the night. Her hands were tied behind her back and her nipples
sported brand-new piercings, studs that went through the base of the nipple and
rings piercing the nipple itself.

  In another corner of the bathroom was Julie, also tied to a stool, hands
behind her back. She was still upright, sleeping hunched against a corner. She
was wearing a modified chastity belt, with built-in dildoes penetrating her
pussy and ass. She had a ring gag on her head, keeping her mouth open for
possible penetration, cum splattered all over her face. Someone had written
"toilet slave" above her breasts with felt-tip. Her nipples were newly pierced
with simple rings. Sascha'd had a field day, Goat thought.

  After taking a piss he untied Daniele and slapped her face a few times to see
if she was responsive. She mumbled a protest and drifted back to sleep, so Goat
let her lay and moved to repeat the process with Julie, removing the ring gag
(she'd have a sore jaw for sure). The chastity belt was locked, but had a
separate mechanism for withdrawing the dildoes, so he took them out. Julie
seemed to be okay, although she too refused to wake up. Both we breathing
normally and hadn't puked.

  He decided he had to find Tanya, Steve and Jodie next, but that there his
responsibility ended. He decided to check the lower floor first. Sleeping people
were lying all around. He found Sascha in the kitchen, fixing himself breakfast.

  - Had a ball with the piercings, eh? Goat asked as he came in, grabbing one of
the toasts Sascha had prepared.

  - Yeah, Sascha replied brightly. Have some marmalade with that. If you wait
for a moment, the scrambled eggs will be right up.

  - You're awfully bright this morning, Goat commented.

  - Pays to be an absolutist, Sascha replied cheerfully.

  - Sascha, why is it that every girl who hits on me turns out to be after
cocaine? Goat asked.

  - Why else would they try to pick you up?

  - Oh fuck you. Hey, I have one more customer for you, Goat said suddenly
brightening. Rose! Rose! he yelled to the general direction of the living room.
She appeared at the door.

  - Yes? Oh, hi, she said as she noticed Sascha.

  - You want breakfast? My brother's fixing some up, Goat asked.

  - Okay, Rose said, edging in.

  - How about getting those nipples of yours pierced, Goat asked, mumbling
through his toast.

  - I've been thinking about it, Rose said.

  - Sascha here's going to do it for free, right now, if you want, Goat replied
and Sascha nodded, heaping scrambled eggs onto his and Goat's plates.

  - You want some? he interrupted, and as Rose nodded procured a plate for her
also.

  - Okay, Rose said. That'd be nice.

  - Great. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll go see if everyone's okay, Goat said,
leaving the kitchen with his plate of eggs. He decided to head for the master
bedroom. He found a lot of naked guys strewn around the floor, and a couple of
girls too, sleeping. Someone had emptied the linen cabinet to the floor, so
everyone had some corner of a bed sheet to call his or her own. Some cheerleader
with her panties still on was sleeping on the bed, although most of the bed was
occupied with Jodie, tied to the frame of the bed face down, a lot of pillows
propped under her stomach to keep her on all fours. Her long hair was a
cum-strewn mess, dried streams of her juices ran down her legs and the head of a
cucumber poked out of her ass.

  Goat gently withdrew the cucumber and untied her, easing her to lie down on
the bed, removing the pillows. Her face was cumstained too. No sign of Tanya,
though, so Goat headed upstairs. He found her sleeping like a baby in John's
bedroom by the side of the guy tied down to the bed. He was still erect, the
small band of leather pressing around the root of his erection making it
impossible for the blood to escape. He was awake, but gagged with a black cloth,
his eyes open, face contorted into an expression of suffering.

  Goat quickly snapped the leather strap off his dick and his whole body relaxed
with relief as his dick was finally allowed to sag. Next he removed the gag
(which turned out to be made of someone's tank top) and removed the cloth
stuffed into his mouth (which turned out to be someone's panties). He closed his
eyes, stretching his jaw as Goat untied him.

  - Thanks man, the guy finally said, sitting up. Oh fuck, my muscles hurt like
hell. Oh god, my dick feels like it's been done over with sandpaper, he
continued, touching it gingerly.

  - No prob, Goat replied, leaving. Tanya moaned in her sleep.

  Time to go, he thought. Just find Daniele and make a graceful exit before more
people came awake. Returning downstairs he found Sascha fucking the just-pierced
Rose on the kitchen table. Daniele was not in the bathroom. The guy in the tub
had gone, and Julie was in the shower, trying to get the sperm out of her hair.
Seeing the door open she quickly grabbed the shower curtain to cover her, and
when she saw it was Goat she tried to be casual.

  - Where's Daniele? Goat asked.

  - She was showering when I came to. She left somewhere, Julie replied.

  - Did she say anything?

  - Oh, she only complained that she hadn't got any cock last night, not where
it counted, and that she wasn't going to leave without at least one good fuck,
Julie explained, studiously nonchalant.

  Here we go again, Goat thought darkly to himself. Just as he was about to turn
and go Julie peeked from behind the curtain and asked innocuously:

  - You're not going yet, are you? You promised to show me all kinds of stuff
last night, and we only got to do half of it.

  Goat stood in the doorway for a moment, feeling how sore his cock was, and
then returned inside the bathroom, closing the door behind him.

  - For that, I'm going to demonstrate a golden shower, he replied. On your
knees on the floor.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taisto Vahajarki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





