BDSM Library - Chronicles Of Cindy Prell




Chronicles Of Cindy Prell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Features a week in the life of Long Island  bounty hunter/dominatrix Cindy Prell who never fails to mix business with pleasure. The genesis of this story is the "Skip Tracer" series.
CHRONICLES OF CINDY PRELL

Features a week in the life of Long Island  bounty hunter/dominatrix Cindy Prell
who never fails to mix business with pleasure. The genesis of this story is the
"Skip Tracer" series.

CODES: F/M, F/F, Job, Humiliation, Heavy, NC, BDSM

As Cindy Prell retired early on Sunday evening she looked forward to the coming
week. Cindy, an eye catching 27 year old,5'9,125 lb. Brunette, was employed
intermittently as a bounty hunter for the Acme Bail Bond Agency of New York
City. Her job was to track down fugitives nationwide and return them to jail,
usually to New York City, in order to protect her employer from the financial
consequences of the forfeiture of bail bonds. In between bounty hunting missions
she worked as a dominatrix with predominantly female clients and a spattering of
males.

Monday morning she was scheduled to travel to the area of Reading, PA about 200
miles from NYC to arrest a male bail jumper. A $50,000.00 bail bond was at
stake. Cindy had good information as to the whereabouts of the fugitive so she
intended to take an extra day or so to enjoy the beautiful mountainous scenery
of Pennsylvania.

Monday night Cindy booked a motel room overnight in a rural township a few miles
west of Reading. Cindy enjoyed patronizing bars especially the "dive" types
knowing she invariably incited advances from males and took sadistic delight in
putting them down sometimes quite forcefully. Monday was not a particularly hot
bar night but Cindy spotted one rural honky tonk not far from the motel with
quite a few vehicles in the lot so she decided to come on in.

Inside there was only one seat at the bar and sitting in the next seat was a
teeny bopper appearing plumper about 5'4 and at least 160 lb. and clad skimpily
in a halter top and denim shorts Taking the seat Cindy observed the plumper was
obviously inebriated and was talking quite loudly into a cell phone, loud enough
for everyone else in the place to hear what she was saying. The gist of the
obscenity laced conversation seemed to be she had been stood up for her weekend
date and was threatening revenge on some poor jerk.

Cindy was notoriously short tempered with obnoxious females and tolerated her
rantings and ravings for nearly five minutes.  The flash point was reached when
the wench spilled most of her beer onto Cindy. Cindy grabbed the phone from her
hand and threw it to the ground. Removing a pair of handcuffs from her purse she
cuffed the wench's wrists in front of her to the bar rail and grabbed her by the
hair."Listen you nauseating pile of blubber I've got a got mind to smash your
fat face into the bar only its cruelty to animal week" snapped Cindy. Not a
sound was made elsewhere in the bar and all eyes were on the two. Next Cindy
produced a small sized dog bone and held it up to the wench's mouth. "You will
eat this like a good doggy or your facial features will be permanently altered".
The terrified plumper hesitated for a few seconds but as Cindy pulled her head
back she chewed the bone completely. "That's a good little doggy" cooed Cindy
patting her on the head. Cindy then left a $5.00 tip along with a handcuff key
for the bartender and calmly walked out of the bar. Another bar slut humiliated
and broken.

The fugitive being sought was Gerardo Rainero a 26 year old low level drug
dealer from the Bronx. Rainero was reportedly frequenting a convenience store
managed by his girl friend in Reading. As so often happens a second bounty
hunter affiliated with Cindy's company is sent to assist in the actual
apprehension. More often than not Cindy transports the suspect to jail by
herself in a specially equipped van . She has devised some very unique methods
of restraint especially when necessary to stay overnight somewhere.

Sent from Philadelphia to assist Cindy was Scott. She had worked with him before
and was one of the few male associates she could tolerate working with. Scott
had never made the mistake of making a pass at Cindy having learned of her
reputation beforehand. The two had no difficulty finding Gerardo at the
convenience station. It was necessary to inform the local police in advance of
the planned apprehension under these circumstances and with that done the two
hunters went for the kill.

Posing as customers Scott did the talking after encountering Gerardo standing
outside, "We're bail agents and you're coming back to New York with us".
Gerardo's reaction was to punch Scott in the stomach and attempt to run. Cindy
was on him in a heartbeat and one zap from her taser sent him slumping to the
ground unconscious. She quickly cuffed his hands behind him and with Scott
dragged him into the rear of the van. Scott drove off knowing a hostile crowd
was likely to materialize with Cindy alone in the back with the prisoner.

Cindy used zip ties to secure the prisoner's feet. When he awoke about 5 minutes
later he glared angrily at Cindy. "Take these fucking cuffs off and we'll see
how tough you are" he blurted in a meaningless display of bravado. Cindy just
smiled and proceeded to pull down the prisoner's jeans and grab his cock in her
hand. It was quite rigid. "I've seen bigger cocks on nursing home patients "
Cindy remarked derisively as she stroked his cock several times for maximal
teasing. "I'll bet you'd like me to suck you off wouldn't you cutie" cooed
Cindy. The bewildered prisoner was at a loss for words. Cindy calmly proceeded
to remove two clothespins from her bag and to attach them to the prisoner's
genitals. The prisoner instinctively howled in pain as Cindy dialed the number
of the convenience store. "Tell your bimbo friend what fun you're having" Cindy
smirked. Her ploy caused Gerardo to clam up.

This prisoner was to be secured in a most uncomfortable manner. The sides of the
van each had a lengthy rail attached and numerous rings in the floor to which
restraints could be attached. Cindy forced the prisoner to kneel securing his
ankles about 2 feet apart with leather cuffs to the rings. Spreading his arms	
full length Cindy attached each arm with a cuff to the side rail about 3 feet
above the floor. A tight fitting leather hood with only openings for the mouth
and nose completed the restraint. "You should be comfy for the four hour drive"
chuckled Cindy.

Cindy dropped Scott off where his car was parked and began the drive back to
NYC. The passenger and cargo compartments were separated by a windowless
partition however a special video camera permitted viewing of the prisoner by
the driver. Three times before reaching NYC Cindy stopped and entered the cargo
compartment to check on the welfare of her "cargo". Each time she pulled out his
cock and masturbated him just short of climax before stopping and driving off.
The prisoner begged for release only to be taunted by Cindy about his
masculinity. Gerardo had heard of sadistic police officers but never imagined a
sadistic female bounty hunter. He refrained from any threatening remarks fearful
of what torture the crazy woman would inflict. For once Gerardo was indeed
thankful to be in jail as Cindy led him in handcuffs into the city prison and
turned him over to the staff.

With no fugitive missions scheduled for the rest of the week Cindy was thankful
to find a message on her answering machine from Dan, a 40ish lawyer from Albany.
Dan was one of her few regular male submissive customers. Normally Dan enjoyed
floggings, cbt, strap ons and cross dressing but he now wanted to play only
financial domination. Cindy's normal fee was $400.00 for a two hour session.
Financial domination involved leading the sub by a leash in a public shopping
center. When Cindy spotted a piece of merchandise she wanted it was charged to
the sub until $400.00 was spent. The game was ordinarily played in midtown
Manhattan where the sight of a male being led by a female on a leash was hardly
an eye opener as it might be at a rural Walmart. The session went as scheduled
with Cindy attired in a fashionable two piece leather outfit leading Dan about
Macy's and other stores on an 8 foot leash. Periodically Dan would be required
to kneel down and kiss Cindy's boots or make barking sounds. Another satisfied
customer and $400.00 worth of fashionable attire for Cindy.

Thursday morning Cindy strode into the Manhattan office of Acme Bail Bond
wearing a vinyl mini skirt and matching halter top purchased during the game
with Dan. A pair of mid length boots took the place of her customary heels.
Cindy loved to tease her boss Russell Schenck who had unsuccessfully
propositioned her numerous times. A sarcastic, insulting comment was Cindy's
form of put down as she knew better than to get physical with her employer.

As it turned out Russ had been about to call her with a new assignment . Acme
had written a one million dollar bail bond for Fawn Klaus, a 26 year old redhead
charged with embezzling several hundred thousand dollars while employed as
treasurer at one of New York's major law firms. The high bail was unusual and
probably resulted from the fact that the judge was a former partner at the firm.
It was important to the firm that she remain incarcerated as it was feared she
would flee to her native Switzerland and gain access to the stolen money
believed to be in hidden bank accounts. Much to their chagrin an eccentric
millionaire, James Chitterley, whom she had befriended previously put up the 10%
required for the bond.

The matter took another unusual turn when the millionaire took Fawn with him to
his secluded villa in the mountains of northern Maine expecting sex. He was
disappointed to say the least to discover that Fawn was a strict lesbian dashing
his hopes for a 24/7 sex servant. Fearing that she intended to abscond to
Switzerland and costing him a small fortune. Chitterley desired to have the bond
revoked which was perfectly legal. Russ assured him that he would dispatch Cindy
Prell to Maine to take custody of Fawn and return her to NYC. Chitterley would
cooperate by not informing Fawn of his intentions and arranging for her to be
available for capture when Cindy arrived.

It sounded like an easy enough mission to Cindy but she was disappointed to
learn that the prisoner van was out of service for repairs. She was to travel in
Russ' SUV. Cindy was not keen on transporting a prisoner in a SUV despite the
fact it was equipped with floor rings and tinted glass. It also meant an
overnight stay at a motel somewhere along the route.

It was 9:00AM as Cindy traversed the lengthy driveway of the Chitterley villa
near Eagle Lake, Maine. Chitterley and Fawn were both standing by the garage
door as Cindy pulled up. Cindy introduced herself as a bail agent and informed
Fawn that her bail had been revoked and she would have to accompany her to NYC.
Fawn reacted in stunning disbelief insisting that a mistake had been made.
Chitterley played along with the ruse and assured Fawn he would contact her
attorney and straighten the matter out. In the meantime he informed Fawn she had
no choice but to submit to arrest. "As soon as I get it straightened out I'll
call you on the cellphone, is that acceptable Miss Prell". Cindy assured both
that it would be no problem.

Cindy explained the need to search her prisoner in privacy. Chitterley offered
use of the garage as no one else was about. As Fawn was wearing jean shorts and
a white pullover blouse the strip part was easy. "Take off your blouse"
commanded Cindy. "Now drop your shorts". Fawn stood before her in bra and
panties with a look of quiet resignation about her. "The bra and the panties
too" and moments later she stood before Cindy in the nude. Cindy used the
opportunity to size up Fawn's physical features. Her height and weight were
nearly the same as Cindy. She was well endowed breast wise but lacking in the
leg  and ass department. Cindy fashioned her own body as a 9 and Fawn as a 6.

After quickly searching her clothes she was told to redress. Cindy cuffed her
hands in the front but warned her that her restraint would be much more severe
if she was uncooperative. She was placed in the rear seat of the SUV which was
equipped with a floor ring. Cindy attached leather cuffs with a 12" hobble chain
to her ankles then to the floor ring. A waist belt was applied to which her
handcuffs were attached completing her restraint. Cindy had a severe case of the
hots. She intuitively realized Fawn was a lesbian submissive. Keeping out of her
pants would be a major challenge for Cindy.

For nearly 50 miles the two engaged in pleasant conversation. Fawn openly
admitted her lesbianism and that this probably resulted in Chitterley revoking
the bond. Finally Cindy stopped at a rest area, got out and entered the back
seat. "My cooperative female prisoners are allowed the privilege of a dildo,
would you like one Fawn" she asked. "Yes please maam" replied Fawn
unhesitatingly. After detaching Fawn's leg restraints from the floor ring she
was ordered to kneel on the floor. Cindy sat on the back seat pulling down her
slacks and panties. Without saying a word Fawn proceeded to engage her pussy by
mouth for nearly 5 minutes. This resulted in Cindy experiencing the most intense
multiple orgasms she had experienced in many months. But all good things must
end. Cindy inserted a vibrating dildo set at low speed into Fawn's snatch before
reconnecting her leg restraints to the floor ring. "You shameless slut when we
get to the motel I will use you in a way you never have experienced before".
With that edict Cindy resumed driving finding it hard to concentrate due to
anticipation combined with the moaning sounds induced by the dildo. Yet the
motel stay over was several hours away.

The decision to stay overnight was based largely on the fact that the prison was
reluctant to process prisoners brought in by bounty hunters after 5:00PM. Cindy
had selected a motel in Connecticut that she deemed acceptable for her purposes.
Despite her intense attraction for Fawn she still had to be considered an escape
risk. One precaution is that the prisoner is required to ingest a strong
barbiturate about an hour before arrival at a motel. Prisoners invariably comply
as those who balk are threatened with chloroform. Cindy had covered Fawn's face
with the leather bondage hood for the last several hours. The sensory
deprivation often proved arousing to the prisoner, in this case it helped keep
Cindy's passions within bounds by not allowing her to see Fawn's erotic
expressions. With the hood still in place Fawn swallowed the pill without
balking.

After checking in at the office Cindy proceeded with her now groggy prisoner to
their first floor room at the far end of the motel. As much as Cindy wanted to
sleep in the same bed with this prisoner she was able to resist the temptation.
Securing a prisoner in a motel room is an art Cindy has perfected. A padlocked
metal collar is attached around the neck and a 5 foot metal chain is padlocked
to both the collar and the bed frame. The prisoners wrists are cuffed to their
sides with a restraining belt. Even if a prisoner could slip the wrist cuffs the
padlocks are of such high security that it is has been impossible to pick them
in practice. Fawn after being ordered to strip nude and to use the bathroom was
restrained in this manner.

Cindy had much more than sleep in mind for her prisoner. Hours of pent up desire
spent driving could finally be unleashed. Cindy started by face sitting on Fawn
making her use her tongue for nearly ten minutes non stop. After placing nipple
clamps on her already tightly erect nipples Cindy attached her strap on and
began non stop thrusting for nearly twenty minutes switching between holes. A
minimal ball gag helped to intensify the moaning sounds of Fawn as well as to
prevent disturbing other guests.

Finally Cindy's energy began to ebb and she decided it was time to stop. "You've
been such a good slut I'm going to give you dildos in both holes for the night"
gasped Cindy and showing her exhaustion. After inserting the dildos and removing
the gag Cindy took a short acting downer to help induce sleep. It would also
help dull the pain of knowing that in less than twelve hours the voluptuous
villainess would be incarcerated, probably for years, and being of sexual
service to common criminals rather than the dominatrix elite of the ilk of Cindy
Prell.

END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Skip


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





