BDSM Library - Jill Kelly Goes to Prison




Jill Kelly Goes to Prison
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An innocent woman slowly learns how to "Play by the rules" when she goes to visit her husband in prison.
Jill Kelly Goes to Prison
By
Deputy Duffy


Under threatening skies, Jill Kelly walked into the Vermont State Prison for
Men. She was there to visit her husband Bob, who had been sentenced to 12-20
years on a drug possession charge, six months ago. Bob and his long time buddy
Stan were nabbed trying to cross the US border into Canada with a suitcase
filled with cocaine, and ecstasy. His lawyer told her that he might be out in 8
years on good behavior, if he's lucky.

Jill's thirty-year-old legs felt weak as she entered the visitor's entrance.
When she married her high school sweetheart, ten years ago, she could have never
predicted that he would end up in such an imposing place.

"Eight years in prison, how could this have happened?" She thought, as she
spotted the visitor check in sign.

"Hi, I'm Mrs. Kelly. I'm here to see my husband."

"Ah, Mrs. Kelly," an old guard responded, sitting behind a large glass window
just inside the door, and then he added with a chuckle. "I see you're a virgin."

"I beg your pardon!" Jill snapped.

"Don't get your panties in a bunch...I just meant it's your first visit," the
guard shot back.

"Oh, sorry, I'm just nervous," Jill said, noticing that she could see a waiting
room behind the glass. There were six women obviously waiting for their visits.
Jill scratched her head, and she thought it was weird that it kind of made her
feel good, because at times she felt like she was the only one.

"Here take this," the guard said, sliding her a manila envelope. "Put your
valuables in it...purse...jewelry...everything."

"Everything!" Jill snapped.

"Yeah, everything valuable, your watch, your car, your house...just put them all
in that little envelope!" The guard snarled.

"Oh, I'm sorry again. I guess I had a little too much coffee this morning."

Jill complied with his order and then the guard handed her some forms to fill
out, before he buzzed her into the waiting area. Jill took a seat. She was
nervous but anxious to see her husband. (Still fuming that she had to wait six
months after her husband was sentenced before they would allow her a personal
visit with him.)

"What cruel person thought up that frigging rule? I mean, I'm his wife after
all," she burned, signing her names to the forms.

Meanwhile, outside of the waiting area, two men dressed in uniforms looked the
women over. Sergeant Adams spotted Jill on the waiting room's surveillance
camera. Sergeant Adams was a husky man in his late forties. He was also in
charge of prison visits on the weekends. 

"There she is...looking good, eh?" he said, nudging his hunting buddy, who also
happened to be the sheriff's only son, Deputy Duffy.

"How the hell did I miss her at the trial?" Duffy sighed, as they checked her
out. "Nice long soft brown hair, adorable face. Wow! She looks so young and
innocent," Duffy whispered, before he asked. "You sure she's thirty?"

"Yeah, she thirty all right, cute little thing ain't she?" Adams said, as he
read her file.

"Usually I never miss the cute ones."

"You were too busy testifying against her fucking husband," Adams said with a
chuckle. "Fucking drug smuggler piece of shit!"

"Easy now...remember that blood pressure. Don't you think she will recognize
me?" Duffy said.

"I don't know, most of the time her eyes were all watered up," Adams teased.

"Only one way to find out," the young deputy said, as they approached Jill.

"Hello Mrs. Kelly, I'm Sergeant Adams and this is...."

"The jerk that took away my husband," Jill interrupted.

"I was just doing my job ma'am," Duffy smirked, as he thought. "I guess I just
have one of those faces."

"Have you signed your forms?" Adams asked.

"Yeah here, can I see my husband now? It's been so long."

Jill hadn't been able to even hold her husbands' hand in over a year and a half
since Deputy Duffy arrested her husband and his best friend, since she wasn't
able to come up with the million-dollar bail bond.

Deputy Duffy made the arrest quite by chance. Duffy and Sergeant Adams as well
as several guards from the state prison were hunting in Northern Vermont, near
the United States -- Canada border. While stalking a buck, he ran into a couple
of men who were looking for a small road that led into Canada that the deputy
knew was unmanned most of the time. He only became suspicious when he told them
a better way to get to the border, but the were insistent, so he showed them the
way. He also called the border patrol and had them waiting at the border. The
drugs were quickly found in the trunk of their car.

"I understand your impatience, but we still have our procedures," Adams said,
before he added. "If you come with us we will start your search."

"Search!" Jill screamed out.

The sounds of nervous laughter from the other women quickly filled the room.

"Didn't you read the forms? Before you can see your husband, we have to perform
a search for illegal contraband. See, it's on page two," Adams scolded, showing
her the forms.

Jill shook her head as she thought, "I must of read them too quickly."

"Let's go...your hubby is waiting," Adams barked.

Jill got up slowly. Her breakfast tossed in her stomach, as she followed the two
men. They stopped in front of a black door with the words "visitor processing"
written in yellow.

"What going on? I mean, GUYS, where are the female guards?" Jill asked
nervously.

"I don't know...maybe in the female prison," Adams answered sarcastically. He
had been down this road many times before.

"You're not, I mean, what do you think I'm an idiot?" Jill screeched.

"What's the problem? You signed the forms. It gives us, the prison personal, the
right to search you and your belongings," Adams said, scanning her over.

"No fucking way I'm letting you guys touch me!" Jill cried out.

"Geez buddy, I don't think she likes us much," Adams said with a chuckle. "Oh
well, have it your way. I'm kissing my wife's soft lips tonight."

"Fuck you!" Jill snapped.

"Nice language, and I thought your were the shy and innocent type," Duffy said,
before Adams added, "Well, see yah in three months."

"Three months?" Jill moaned.

"Yeah, you only get personal visits every three months, unless properly
authorized," Adams said with a sly smile.

Jill threw her hands to her hips. "First you make me wait six months and now
three more...I'm his wife for...."

"And this is prison. Not a fucking Holiday Inn!" Adams shouted out.

"You can't do this, just wait until my lawyer hears about this one," Jill said,
and then she turned and scampered down the hall.

"I hope he does a better job than he did at the trial," Duffy hollered, just
before Jill slammed the exit door.

The two men shared a laugh.

"I guess her old man goes hungry today," Adams said.

"Do you wanna tell him or can I?" Duffy said, and the two men shared another
laugh.

"Oh well, lets see what else we have today, I mean I'm here anyways," Duffy
said.

(Deputy Duffy didn't work in the prison, but he was on special assignment. He
would also come to visit his older hunting buddy Sergeant Adams when informed
that he had someone special coming in because Sergeant Adams thought Deputy
Duffy, despite the fact that he was only 26 years old, was the best female
processor in the state.)

Jill left the prison and returned home. She cried herself to sleep the next
couple of nights from the pain of missing her husband, and because she blamed
herself for not having the courage to go through with the men's search.

"How selfish could I be? How can I ever face my husband again?" She cried, over
and over.

She talked to her lawyer repeatedly, for several weeks. He told her that since
she had signed the consent forms, which was a legal document that gave any
prison personnel, male or female, permission to search her for contraband at
anytime within the prison's walls. He just couldn't find any way around it. If
she wanted to see her husband she would have to let them search her. Her lawyer
also informed her just what type of search they could perform if the so chose.

"STRIP-SEARCH!" Jill screamed out when she heard the news. "Noooo!"

She also talked to her mom, who had been her tower of strength during the trial,
unlike Bob's family, who disowned him after his arrest, and she built up Jill's
strength once again. She even offered to come with her when Jill went back.

Jill also talked to her friends and her co-workers from the little bookstore
where she took a job after her husband got arrested. It was the only job she
could find since she hadn't had a job since high school. She never needed one.
Her husband had a good job as a stockbroker that paid well and his father had
also given him a large sum of money when he graduated from high school. They
lived in a large house, drove fancy cars, and took luxurious vacations. They
lived a charmed life. Then, Jill's husband Bob had a streak of bad luck. A
change in the stock market, and some bad advice had cost Bob's clients millions,
and nearly wiped out Bob.

He became desperate. He needed quick cash to maintain their current lifestyle.
He swallowed his pride and asked his father for some quick cash, but to no
avail. His father told him that he would have to change his ways, and make do.
He suggested selling their home, which was worth almost a million dollars, but
Bob was too proud to sell his home. That's when his friend Stan came up with the
drug delivery scheme that landed them both in jail. Stan made it sound so easy.
Just drive the drugs up from Connecticut and make a delivery in Canada. Stan, as
it turned out, took the easy way out and hung himself in jail, while waiting for
trial, leaving Bob to take the fall.

Jill gathered up her strength and made another Saturday appointment. She tried
to call and write her husband several times to let him know what happened -- why
she hadn't been there to visit him, but, they told her that she didn't fill out
the proper forms.

Finally, it was time for her Saturday visit. She found herself back outside the
prison's walls. She took one last look at her outfit, having dressed extra
conservatively, not showing any skin at all.

"Just let'em feel me up through all this," she said, as she entered the prison
again. She walked with a new sense of purpose. She didn't want to let them get
the best of her. She strolled with renewed confidence, but most of all she was
desperate. She needed her husband to co-sign the sales agreement on their home,
so she could make ends meet, at least for a little while. Her job at the
bookstore just wasn't paying the bills.

Jill's heart raced as she entered the waiting area again. She thought it was
strange that this time she was alone, as she had made sure she filled out all
the forms they had this time, reading them all extra carefully.

"Mrs. Kelly, would you come with us," a deep voice bellowed, almost causing Jill
to jump off her chair. Jill looked up and saw the same two men that she saw on
her last visit, each wearing a smile. Her stomached fluttered as she followed
them down the hall.

"What do these guys fucking live here?" She said to herself.

Jill noticed a tough looking, dirty blonde woman leaning against the black door.
Jill looked her over. She was about the same height 5'6", as Jill, although, she
looked like she was just a little heaver then Jill's 115 pounds.

Jill blushed when she got an even closer look at the woman, who was dressed in a
simple white T-shirt and small black skirt. Both of which were way to small to
cover her pronounced curves. She also wore a pair of heeled clogs.

Sergeant Adams cleared his throat. "Deputy Duffy this is April James. She's here
to see her husband Bull James, who is back with us for another stay."

After a brief exchange of greetings they entered the processing room. Jill felt
even more uncomfortable now. April looked and acted like she had been though
this before. She was even smiling and joking with the two men.

"Was she actually flirting with them?" Jill wondered, as she scanned the small
room, which was bare, except for a stainless steel table that glistened at one
end.

Jill's mind was racing as she moved over to the table. She was a little miffed
that they didn't even ask her if they could search the two of them together.
Jill also couldn't help but wonder if April knew that her large nipples showed
through her shirt and could easily be seen by the men.

"Ladies, Deputy Duffy is here as a member of the Vermont State Police Special
Task Force. It seems that there has been some concern that illegal contraband
has been finding its way into our correctional facility. He is here to assist
us, and help us re-examine our procedures," Sergeant Adams announced.

Deputy Duffy had all he could do to keep his poker face on. He'd been anxiously
waiting for Jill's return. Jill, on the other hand, couldn't believe how young
the deputy looked up close.

She looked him over. "Gee...he looks like he is just out of high school. Ok, he
is a semi-good looking guy, but still...."

He moved over in front of her.

"5'10" 190 pounds," she guessed. "Nice green eyes, cleanly shaven, baby faced."
Maybe it was the blue uniform, or the short haircut, but for a second she felt
strangely attracted to him.

"But wait! He was the ass that took her husband away from her, and now he wanted
to search her too," Jill quickly reminded herself. It was almost too much for
her to handle.

"Alright ladies," Deputy Duffy said clapping his hands. "Lets do a little manual
pat down. Jill step forward and stand on the star."

Jill scanned the gray floor, until she saw that in the center of the room there
was a large silver star. She slowly moved over to it, although, she didn't feel
like a star. She figured this had to be some sort of sick joke on their part.

"Hands on top of your head," Duffy ordered.

Jill slowly complied. She hated being the center of attention, and she trembled
at the thought of this young man putting his hands on her.

"Hey Sarg, did you bag anything after I had to leave the other day?" Duffy said
to Sergeant Adams as he moved behind Jill. He began to run his hands over Jill's
shoulders and down her back. She trembled at his first touch.

"Nah, didn't see shit. My buddy bagged a doe though," Sergeant Adams replied.

Jill felt his hands brush the back of her pants. Then felt his fingers running
inside her waistband and then traveling over the top of her ass. They applied
more pressure then she expected, but as she started to protest, they left and
traveled down her leg.

"Man, I haven't shot anything for a couple of years now," Duffy said, his hands
now running back up the other leg.

"Well, unless you count the couple of dudes who tried to rob that 7-11," Adams
said, and then he laughed

Jill braced her body. She figured if his hands traveled down the back they would
probably travel up the front on the way back up. She figured right. She felt his
run up and press right against her crotch. It was all she could do to fight her
natural instinct to turn around and slap the deputy.

His hands were now running around the front of her pants waistband. "Dude, you
know what I meant," he said and then his hands glided over Jill's flat stomach.
Jill's body was quivering.

"Yeah I know," Sergeant Adams said, "But those two assholes, will never be back
here again."

"That's for damn sure," Duffy quickly replied.

Jill whimpered, as his hands found her heavy sweater-covered breasts, and slowly
moved over them, but also due to the topic of their conversation.

"Did the Deputy that is lightly squeezing my breasts now really kill two guys or
where they just trying to make her more nervous then she was already?" She
thought, although, she didn't know if that was possible.

"Please," she moaned, feeling the pressure increase. She sighed, as his hands
left her breasts and rubbed around her neck, and then they started running
through her hair.

"So much for all that time this morning, making it just right," Jill thought,
"but at least that's over. The nerve...."

"Man look at all this hair," Duffy said, as he undid her hair clip.

"You going to see Bon Jovi later?" Adams said with a laugh. He was almost giddy
with excitement. He just loved watching his buddy in action.

"Alright Jill...step back...April over here," Duffy said, pointing at April.

"Goodie, my turn," April giggled, with a snap of her gum, as she stepped to the
star.

Jill flooded with relief. "Although it had been a little embarrassing, all in
all it wasn't that bad," she thought, before she cringed. "Darn, I can't believe
I made my husband wait three more months for that...what was I thinking?"

Jill couldn't help but watch as Deputy Duffy started to run his hands quickly
down April's back and up over her front. She scrunched her face when his hands
cupped April's large breasts.

"He's sure taking his time there," she thought.

Sergeant Adams moved to her side. "Now why is he searching her breasts?" She
wondered as she watched, before she thought, "That's not searching guys...that's
feeling up."

"Very nice.... Alright, April step back," Duffy said, and then waited until she
did. "Now that we know that you're not carrying any large contraband we just
have to search for the small stuff, and then you can proceed with your visit."

Jill's heart sank, remembering her lawyers words.

"We might as well start with you April," Duffy said, as the two men were now
standing, shoulder to shoulder, on the star. "Jill stand over here next to me."
Jill did so but was confused as too why, before the deputy cleared his throat.
"Just lift...."

"I know the drill," April interrupted. (April was a veteran at this. Her husband
had been in and out of jails all along the eastern seaboard.)

Jill was stunned when April lifted her white T-shirt up over her breasts. She
swore the men gasped when they saw her large areolae, and bumpy brown nipples
spring into view. April then lifted her small skirt up and bunched it around her
waist. Jill quickly noticed that she wasn't wearing panties and that her pussy
was completely shaved, as she assumed, did the two men, judging by where their
eyes were focused. Jill's face quickly flushed.

"I'm sorry April, I forgot you've been though this before," Duffy said, when
April stood with arms by her side, palms facing the men. He also soaked in her
body. His buddy had told him that April had a body built for porn. The young
deputy instantly agreed with his analysis, giving Adams an approving wink.

Jill was completely blown away, at the power these men had, as she thought,
"There's no way they were gonna make her strip too! She couldn't! She wouldn't!"

"Turn around April," Duffy said, as he swirled a finger in the air. April
followed.

"Nice tattoo...red bull.... Oh I get it," he said with a laugh, remembering her
husband's name.

Jill couldn't help but look. She had a nice red bull tattoo on her right ass
cheek. She also couldn't help but watch as they made her grab her ankles and
then reach back and spread her ass checks, which Jill thought, wasn't so nice.
Watching this was almost too much for Jill. She wanted to run out the door
screaming, but April looked up at her and smiled, like it was no big deal.

Jill looked away when the two men moved in for a closer look at April's back
view. Now, she just couldn't bear to watch, mostly, because she knew that she
was next. The two men were just inches from April's stretched open pussy,
admiring her bright pink insides, when a buzzing sound broke up the action. It
was coming from the red phone on the far wall. A perturbed Adams went over and
answered it.

"Hello Sheriff. Yeah, he's here, one sec." Adams held the phone up. "Deputy
Duffy your dads on the phone."

Jill shook her head. "The young deputy's father is the sheriff. Well now that
just figures," Jill thought, as the Deputy moved over to the phone. "No wonder
he acts like he owns the place."

The two men both seemed to be chatting away on the phone with the sheriff, when
April nudged Jill. "First time eh?" She whispered.

"Yeah, is it that obvious?" Jill whispered back.

"I could tell by the way you're dressed. It looks like you're on your way to
church, and it looks like you're gunna pee yourself."

Jill snapped her head around at April, but didn't have a reply.

"It's alright girl. I remember my first time too, but it was before I had
these," April said, as she pointed to her breasts, which were still exposed.
"They were a gift from my old man."

"They're nice," Jill managed, although, she was slightly embarrassed at her
closeness. "Why didn't she at least cover herself back up?" She thought.

"Yeah, nice to look at...which helps a lot in here, but they're like carrying a
ten-pound bowling ball on your chest," April said, and the two women shared a
light giggle. "That's it girl, you gut to lighten up. It's the only way to make
it through this.... Can I ask how long is your man in for?"

"The lawyer said a least eight years," Jill answered.

"Eight fucking years...oh man...then you better learn to play the game," April
whispered.

Jill looked at April with a puzzled face.

"Look, do you love your husband?" April asked.

"Yes!" Jill replied emphatically.

"Alright, then you have to learn for his sake," April whispered. "How long has
it been since you've been with your husband...you know sexually?"

"I don't nooo," Jill groaned, a little embarrassed by the question and also the
fact that it was being asked by a nearly naked women, whose large breasts were
brushing against her arm. "Ah, I haven't been able to touch him for nine
months...oh, and then there was like a little more than a year for the trial
thing."

"That's almost two years?" April interrupted.

Jill looked down, ashamed.

April moved closer to Jill's ear. "If you love him, and you wanna stay with him
then you have to check your ego at the door and swallow your pride, otherwise,
forget he ever existed and move on."

"No way! He is the only man I'll ever love," Jill groaned out.

"I know how you feel. I would never leave my dumb-ass husband either. Ok then
here is how it works around here...quickly 'cause we don't have much time,"
April hurriedly whispered, as Jill leaned closer. "When you come to visit, wear
something like me...something simple. Forget the bra 'cuz they won't let you
take it in anyways."

Jill couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"If you wear an outfit like yours then they make a big show out of stripping it
off of you...you'll see. Usually I just flash em, and then I'm in."

 Jill looked at April with a scrunched face.

"I think they just wanted someone more experienced to make it easier for you.
They even told me how you chickened out last time," April continued, as Jill
shook with anger, remembering that day.

"You have to pretend you like it and them...no matter how much you wanna scratch
their eyes out. Look if they sense fear or shyness, they will just use it
against yah. In here they're all power hungry."

So far, that was one thing Jill could agree with.

"When you finally make it into see your old man, dressing like this works too.
It gives your man easier access to your body, since the guards won't let you
take off your clothes in the visitor's room, but will let you get like this."

Jill once again flashed April a stunned look.

"Believe me! When your man finally sees yah, he's gonna want touch you
everywhere and he's gonna want to be touched. Shit, they're locked in cages 23
hours a day. 23 hours -- nine months -- do the math girl."

Jill looked down in shame. "Don't the guards...w-w-watch...I mean?" She mumbled.

"Yeah they watch. They're perverts too. But believe me you'll get to the point
where being with your man is more important than that," April said, as the
deputy hung up the phone. "Oh yeah, just don't tell your man what you had to go
through to see him. There are some things a guy in prison just doesn't need to
hear."

The two men ended their conversation and marched back over towards them. Jill's
heart pounded.

"Ok, where were we...? Ah yes, Jill are you ready?" Duffy asked.

Jill nodded her head, which was still spinning from April's sermon.

"Very good then why don't you start by unbuttoning that sweater," Duffy said,
rubbing his hands together.

Jill's fingers fumbled with the buttons. Se had lied when she said she was
ready. She also couldn't believe she was actually going to strip for the men.
She watched as Adams positioned April so she could watch too.

"Ok, now hold it open."

Jill slowly opened her sweater up, exposing her white bra to their view. Her
face flushed again.

"All the way," Duffy barked.

Jill spread out the sweater a far as it would go. Her arms were like rubber.
Tears were already forming in her eyes.

"Now, off."

After a stalling breath, she finally took it off and handed it to Adams for
inspection, following another command.

"Ok, lift your bra away from your tits and shake'em out."

Jill smacked her lips, and hesitated for a moment, a little confused by the
order, and she also hated the word "tits."

"Need some help," Sergeant Adams barked, snapping the nightstick off his belt.
Jill jumped back, but the table stopped her retreat. Sergeant Adams brought his
nightstick up and ran it over Jill's left breast.

"P-please," Jill pleaded, as she felt it trace her nipple. "I can do it."

Deputy Duffy patted Adams on the shoulder and the nightstick fell. Jill
reluctantly pulled the cups away from her breasts and began to slowly shake her
shoulders.

"Lean forward and continue."

Jill did so, almost breaking into tears, but trying not to give them the
satisfaction. She knew that somehow, someway, she had to make it though this,
for her husband's sake.

"Ok, since bras aren't allowed in the visitor's room. I'm afraid I'm going to
have to confiscate it...hand it over!" Sergeant Adams barked out.

Jill's eyes shifted to April's face, and she flashed her that "see" look.

Jill's face burned now, as she reached back and unhooked her bra, suddenly
remembering that no one but her husband and her female doctor had seen her naked
breasts since she had developed. Slowly, unintentionally seductively, she slid
the straps off her shoulders and pulled it away from her body. Her hand
trembled, as she handed it over to Sergeant Adams and then quickly covered her
breasts with her hands.

"Look buddy, another one for my collection...man this thing is heavy," Adams
said, pretending to have trouble lifting it.

The two men laughed, which added to Jill's embarrassment, and then they just
stared at her.

"What?" Jill managed, hating their lustful looks.

"Are you gonna just stand there and massage your tits all day, or are you gonna
put your hands down so we can inspect'em?" Duffy said, with a smirk.

It took Jill all she had to slowly drop her hands. She fought to not cover them
back up, and it didn't help that the two men didn't even hide the fact that they
were gawking at her exposed breasts. Jill wanted to die as the seconds slowly
ticked by. She joined the rest of the eyes in the room and looked down at her
breasts. They were medium sized, a little on the pointy side, but it was her
pink marshmallow like nipples that embarrassed Jill the most. But from the
smiles the two men traded, they seem to enjoying them.

"Ah hum...unbutton your pants," Duffy managed, almost losing his professional
demeanor for a second.

Jill wiped away a tear and then fumbled with the three buttons on her pants, but
got them unsnapped.

"Ok, now put your hands over your head."

Jill did so, although a little confused. "What's this all about?" She thought.

"Now shake your hips."

Jill slowly, reluctantly, shook her hips. She also knew that she was shaking her
tits too. She looked at April, who again flashed her that "see" look and Jill
remembered what she said about them making a "show" out of it. She also wished
that she had talked to April sooner. Her pants started to slither down her
thighs before dropping around her ankles. She finally got the shaking of the
hips thing.

"What, you planning on doing a little jogging later?" Adams said, when Jill
running shorts came into view.

"Can you please pull them shorts down?" Duffy said annoyingly. "I thought her
pants were awful fluffy earlier," he thought.

Jill heard the men's laughter, as she pulled down her shorts that revealed her
large granny like white panties. Even April could help but chuckle at poor
Jill's panties selection.

Jill's face was beet red. Her heart felt like it was going to explode out of her
chest.

"Are there any more clothes under your huge panties?" Duffy hissed.

Jill shook her head back and forth. She looked at the Deputy with watery eyes.
He just placed his hands on his hips and tapped his foot. Jill knew what he
wanted. After a deep breath, she mustered up all her strength and rolled her
panties down. Standing back up she used her hands to cover her crotch.

"Now, finally, turn around," Duffy barked.

Jill turned around. It was a little awkward with her pants, shorts, and panties
still wrapped around her ankles.

"Now bend forward at the waist and untie your shoes, take them off, and remove
the pants and stuff."

Jill bent over and started to untie her shoes when she looked at the two men
between her legs, staring at her ass, that's when it hit her, the view she must
be giving them. She picked up the pace and piled the rest of the clothes on the
table. A teardrop splashed on the floor by her feet, as she picked up her
discarded clothing and handed them over. Sergeant Adams again examined them.

"Now get your cute ass on that table, on your back," Duffy punctuated his
command with a slap on Jill's ass. Jill hopped on the table and fell back, her
feet dangling off the side. Her mind, seemingly behind her instinctive responses
to the deputy's commands.

"Now, what is going on?" she cried out, as sergeant Adams grabbed her arms and
pulled them over her head. She tried to pull away, but he was stronger. She
shuddered as the cold steel slapped against her wrists. When Adams moved away
she realized by the feel and the sound that he had handcuffed her to the table.
She flooded with helplessness.

"Please, I'm not a criminal," She pleaded, but by the amused look on his face,
she knew it was a futile one.

"Put your feet up on the edge of the table," Duffy barked.

"But why?" Jill whined, as she looked down. The deputy was standing in-between
her legs. She knew she would have to spread her legs wide to avoid him.

"Do it!" Duffy screamed, and Jill shook, and then complied.

"Wider!" Duffy barked, and then he added, "that's better," when she replied.

Jill had never been this mortified in her life. She always hated this position
at the doctors' office, but in this environment, cuffed hands over head, it
seemed a million times worse.

"How am I ever going to do this again?" She thought.

"Jill, you know it would be easier on everyone if you would shave your pussy,
next time."

Jill gasped, "Never!" She just couldn't believe this could get any worse.

"Well, since I can't do a visual search, I'm going to have to do a manual one."

Jill was wrong, it just did. "Please nooo," she moaned, as it just hit her why
they cuffed her to the table, as the cuffs stopped her from fleeing.

"Relax Jill, before I can proceed I have to have your permission, just to be
ethical," Deputy Duffy explained. "If not, I'll un-cuff you from the table and
you can go home. I just want you to know that it's your free will."

Jill filled with fire. "Ethics! This asshole doesn't have an ethical bone in his
whole body," Jill screamed inward. "And if I was free...why the cuffs?"

"Well."

"You can't be serious," Jill whined.

"I'm afraid so, or you'll have gone all this way for not," Duffy said, as April
sat on the table next to Jill and also whispered, "C'mon honey, you can do it.
It's just your pussy."

"Yeah, I have to make sure you're not a drug smuggler too," the deputy said with
a smirk. Jill looked at him in disbelief. "How could such a nice looking young
man be so evil?" She thought.

"I need to hear it out loud."

"God! I can't believe this!" she screamed out. "Alright, search my fucking
pussy. Is that what you wanted to hear?"

"Alright, I think I will! If I can find the fucking thing, under all this hair!"

Jill closed her eyes, and braced her body, just before the deputy's finger found
its mark. It ran along her puffy lips, before slowly entering her pussy. She
cringed at his light laugh, as he was obviously amused at how wet she had
become. Jill squirmed about on the table, hands testing her steely binds, as
Duffy added another finger into her pussy and then he started thrusting them
upwards and inwards, finding Jill's special spot. She fought against the moans
escaping from her lips. It had been a long time for Jill. She was always worried
about her husband, too worried to even masturbate. So as hard as she tried to
fight it, her body was betraying her. Jill quivered when she felt another finger
start to rub her clit. This was too much for her.

"Hey what the..." she growled, as she opened her eyes in a panic, and tried to
jump up, the cuffs digging into her skin. She was surprised to see that the
finger rubbing her clit belonged to April, sitting on the table next to her.
April just pressed a finger from her other hand to her lips and hissed.

"Was April doing this because she wanted to, or were the two guards making her?"
Jill asked herself, as she relaxed her body. The fingers continued there probing
of Jill's helpless body. Her skin tingling and audible moans were escaping from
her mouth, now.

"Oh my god, not now, not here!" Jill thought, as she felt a soft hand start
squeezing her breast, fingernails lightly scrapping her sensitive nipple. She
didn't have to open her eyes to know April was doing the squeezing.

Deputy Duffy's fingers were now aggressively thrusting in and out, much harder
and much more skilled than she had ever experienced before. April's soft, yet
wicked hands, hard at work. It was too much for Jill to take. She finally gave
in. She knew she had lost the fight anyways.

"Please...oh please...I'm cummming!" Jill's voice flooded the room, echoing off
the soundproof walls. Her body was thrashing about on the table, as Jill enjoyed
her first orgasm in years. Quickly a mixture of pleasure and pain raced through
Jill. She had never experienced anything quite like it before, even in her
married life, but she felt guilty that it happened here. Tears started to flow
down her cheeks, while Sergeant Adams unlocked her cuffs. April lifted her up
off the table into a sitting position, her arms locked around Jill in a warm
embrace. Jill rubbed her raw wrists.

"It's going to be all right," April whispered into Jill's ear, as she caressed
her back.  "You made it though, your first time...now you...."

"No she didn't...there is still one more thing," Sergeant Adams interrupted.

"C'mon guys, she's been through enough for one day," April pleaded.

"Well, we still have to know if she's gonna play by our rules...she still seems
a little rebellious," Adams said. "That's why I went with the cuffs."

"Please, she hasn't been with her husband in like two years. Could you guys give
her a break just for today, please for me?"

"Well...I guess so, but just for you," Adams said softly, looking at his buddy,
who was nodding.

Jill tried to dry her eyes, using her running shorts.

"Well April, it looks like you're gonna have to pull double duty then today,"
Adams said, as he picked up Jill's bra.

"Whatever...just leave us alone so we can dress and get ready!" April offered,
sliding off the table.

"Alright, I'll tell my guard to fetch your men," Adams said and the two men left
the room, not before giving each other a high five.

"April, what the fuck just happened?" Jill whispered.

"You just went through your initiation my dear. Welcome to the prisoner's wives
life," April said, jumping off the table and finally pulling down her top and
fixing her skirt. "But they don't do that all the time. Like I said before, most
of the time I just flash them and I'm in. Just be thankful they didn't check
your asshole, too."

"And the double duty stuff?" Jill asked meekly, sliding to the floor and she was
thankful of at least that one point, although, it didn't make her feel much
better.

"My guess from the bulges in their pants I have a couple of blowjobs to perform,
or they're looking to 'pull a train' but I don't exactly know, every time it's
different. I've had to serve them beer naked, or masturbate for them," April
answered.

Jill once again looked at April in disbelief, as she was handing Jill her
panties.

"Oh, and you know that three months crap, in between visits, there's ways around
that too. I come here whenever I fucking want to. You do favors for them and
they do favors for you, it's that simple...."

"Who the guards?" Jill interrupted, pulling up her pants, also wondering how
April could be so nonchalant about it.

"Yeah, guards, prison officials, cops, deputies, and who's ever here," April
giggled. "One time they even had me blow this fat mailman just cuz he was by.
Like I said, it's a power thing."

"Oh my god," Jill gasped, as April wasn't helping her anxiety level any.

"Yeah they have this room. It's like a break room or something, but it looks
like a small bar room. They drink beers and watch sports and sometimes use us
for their entertainment. But if you behave they aren't cruel about it."

"Do I have too?"

"Only if you want a favor from them, like I did today," April interrupted.

"I'm sorry about that April, I didn't mean...." Jill whispered.

"That's ok. I've kind of gotten used to it over the years. I'm no slut, or maybe
I wasn't one, but my hubby keeps fucking up. Sometimes it really ain't that bad,
well, once you've learned to play along," April said.

"I don't know if I can do that," Jill said nervously.

"Most of the time they just want a blowjob. I don't think they get them at home
too often and they usually don't last that long."

Jill looked up at April with a panicked look on her face.

"Oh no.... Don't tell me," April said, before she laughed.

"Isn't that gross!" Jill groaned.

"What sucking dick, or the fact that you've made it this far in life without
sucking one?" April teased.

"Please April," Jill whined.

"I'm sorry Jill. I didn't mean to make fun of yah," April said as she was
helping Jill fix her hair.

"Do you like it?" April managed.

"Giving head? It really ain't that bad. It's really the one time a woman has
power over a man. I mean you have his sole reason for living right in your
mouth, and if you're good at it you can get stuff from'em," April said, before
she added, "I can't honestly say that I'm looking forward to sucking that cocky
young deputy's cock, but I'll make him cum in thirty seconds and then if I ever
need him I will promise more. He probably has a three inch dick anyways!"

For the first time the two women shared a laugh and a hug.

"Wait! What about the...?"

"Cum," April said with a scrunched face. "Yeah, they always come on you."

"Oh, gross."

"Sometimes it is Jill, again most want your face, or you can swallow if you
want. It's less messy."

Jill was stunned.

 "Just the facts of life." April simply shrugged her shoulder. "They told me
your name was Jill Kelly. Do you know you share names with a famous porno
starlet?"

"Too bad it isn't me. I'd probably have my husband out of prison by now!" Jill
said, and they shared another laugh.

"Or at least know how to suck a cock, and take a facial," April said, and then
pressed a small kiss to Jill's flushed cheek. "Look, relax, we'll get together.
Wait for me at my truck. I'll teach you everything you need to know. It's the
big black four by four parked out front," April said, just as a young guard came
into the room. Jill was happy that she had just finished dressing. She was also
a little uneasy about what April meant by "get together" remembering her soft
hands taking liberties with her helpless body, but her husband's face suddenly
flashed into her head. It was finally time.

"Let's go ladies," the guard barked, holding the door open.

The two women skipped down the hall to the visitor's room. Jill saw her husband
nervously pacing the floor through the door's small window. Jill's heart raced
as the door opened. She jumped into his arms. The two locked in a warm embrace.
Jill's tears were flowing again, as she had just made it through the most
humiliating day of her life.... So far.

The End.

Look for "Jill Goes Back To Prison" to see what happens to Jill next.

Please send me your comments, or post them.

 "mailto:Stonedog99_1999@yahoo.com"




Jill Kelly Goes Back to Prison
By
Deputy Duffy

The sun was making its first light as Jill slowly opened her eyes. She wiped the
cobwebs from them, before she rolled over and gasped, noticing April, the
sleeping beauty, next to her. Almost forgetting that she had just spent the
night in another woman's bed. Still not believing how she spent the night
enjoying another woman's body, another woman enjoying hers. Just the thought
caused her to twinge with sweet emotions. Emotions not yet hardened by time, but
memories of her white picket fence life, all but vanished.

Her life often filled with erotic adventures, now. Some of which warmed her.
Some that chilled her to the bones.

Jill's mind retraced the hands of time that had led her to this moment. It
seemed like only yesterday that she first met April at the Vermont State Prison
for Men when she went there to visit her husband Stan, who was serving out his
sentence there.

Admiring how the rays of light honored April's beauty, Jill reached out, but was
almost afraid to touch the flawless skin of the woman who had become a close
friend over the last year. The woman who had seemingly filled the void left in
Jill's life, after her husband was sentenced to some serious time behind steel
bars.

She brushed April's lower lip, thinking of how friendship had blossomed into
lust with an innocent kiss. A kiss that turned into more, and then into a night
of passion and sexual exploration. A night that still left Jill with the taste
of April's essence on her tongue, even now, several hours later.

With her mind wondering, Jill slowly pictured the deputy, who had forever
changed her life, tending to a horrific scene. She cringed, thinking about the
phone call that informed her that he would not be using them for his wanton
pleasures, just yet, as a fatal car crash had pressed him into his sworn duty.
Jill's eyes welled up at the irony that someone had paid the ultimate price to
spare them (as April was wrong about the deputy just wanting a blowjob), and had
allowed them the lustful opportunity. They also welled up from looking at April,
surprised that she could make her feel so alive, while, also wondering if she
could ever walk in yesterday's shoes.

Jill managed to drift back to sleep, after she stroked April's blonde hair that
she admired so, and kissed her forehead.

When Jill woke up several hours later, April was already making breakfast. The
smell of bacon awaking Jill's senses, she sheepishly made her way into the
kitchen, her nerves eased with a simple smile.

After they ate, they took a playful shower together, which concluded with a
shaving session. They shaved their legs and under-arms, first, and then they
also shaved around each other's pussies. It was an act Jill, at one time, swore
she would never do. Although, today, Jill found it strangely erotic to be so
exposed to her new lovers touch, especially, when April applied some lotion to
the newly shaved area.

Jill stayed at April's house, day after day, afraid to leave, seemingly afraid
to break the hearty spell. April provided her more love and understanding than
Jill had ever seen. She also scratched an itch that her husband couldn't quite
find.

The two women woke up on Saturday morning and showered after another lust filled
night, a night in which Jill finally understood, the strap on dildo thing, and
the pleasure that women can derive from it. April also showed her the fun they
could have with things that go "buzz" and how to use the little balls on a
string. April fixed their hair and makeup after they dried off. She made them
look extra slutty. Jill protested at her reflected glance, but April announced
that she was just in that mood. Next, they dressed in their all black prison
outfits, which were just small tops that clung to their breasts and small tight
skirts. April also talked Jill into skipping their underwear, which also helped
with the sluttishness factor. Clear stiletto high heels rounded out April's
look, while Jill wore smaller black pumps. When the women were finished dressing
Jill started getting nervous, like she always did on visitation day, memories of
past visits dancing in her head.

The two women jumped into April's four by four and made their way to the prison.
As they drove Jill began feeling more and more nervous as she wondered how she
would react to seeing her husband, after what happened last night. The fact that
April also informed her that today was the day that Deputy Duffy had arranged
for April to have a "special" visit with her husband, deep inside the prison,
didn't help the nervous factor either. (The deputy keeping his word, even
though, he had yet to collect his booty.)

They pulled into the prison's parking lot. The barbed-wired walls, still sending
shivers down Jill's spine. The women made their way to the prison's backdoor,
where they were met by a large, shotgun carrying, guard.

"Where here to see our husbands, and ah, Sergeant Adams told us to come back
here," April mumbled, a little flustered by the imposing figure's weapon,
pointed in her direction.

"Oh really," the guard barked. "Well...we will see."

The guard used a phone, hanging on the wall just inside the door, and after a
short conversation turned back to the women, who shared concerned looks. Jill's
knees knocked.

"Ok, he is on his way," the guard said, before he lustfully soaked in the women,
dressed in their sexy attire. Even having them turn around for him. The large
guard suddenly stepped back and licked his lips. Using his weapon, he motioned
for the women to lift their tops.

"It's alright Guard Wetley, I'll sign for them," Sergeant Adams said,
interrupting the action, as both of the women breathed a sigh of relief.

"Now, follow me girls," he ordered, after he signed them in.

Jill held onto April's hand, as they followed the sergeant into a small room
with no windows just inside the prison's walls. He slammed the door shut and
left the two women alone, as they both quickly realized the unfamiliar room
stank like dried urine. The two women were growing nervous, as time dragged on
and on. They checked their hair and makeup several times in the large mirror
that adorned the far wall to pass the time. Finally the door opened and Sergeant
Adams entered the room, followed by a young looking, taller guard, who seemed to
be shadowing him.

"Ok ladies, let's get this over!" Sergeant Adams barked. "Ok, you first," he
said, pointing at April.

April was a little taken back by the sergeant's peculiar attitude. (After all,
she had sucked his cock dry on several occasions, and after that he definitely
didn't forget her name, no one did.)

"Stand on the yellow line," the sergeant ordered, and April followed, quickly
finding the line, as she was a prison visitor veteran, so she was used to
following orders.

"Ok, look directly into the camera," the sergeant ordered next.

April looked into the mirror and was surprised that instead of her reflection
she could now see a large camera pointed in her direction, a male guard standing
behind it, operating it.

"Ok, I am going to ask you several questions, just give your answers loud and
clear."

He went on to ask her simple questions: name, husband's name, date, followed by
her height, weight, and even her shoe size, all of which puzzled April, but she
answered. He also wrote the information down on a clipboard, and then had April
sign it when he was finished. He handed it to the young guard and then he turned
and looked April right in the eye.

"Strip!"

Hearing his command, Jill gasped, and then covered her mouth with a hand. Even
though April had a feeling it was coming she didn't like the way he said it and
in the tone in which he said it. She just couldn't figure out what was wrong
with him today. She looked at Jill and shrugged her shoulders and started
removing her clothes. First her top, and then her skirt, and just like that she
was stark naked. Sergeant Adams put her clothes, and her purse, into a plastic
basket, but told her to keep her high heels on.

"Face the camera and lock your hands behind your head...elbows back!" Sergeant
Adams barked, as he moved over and stood just off her left shoulder, his shadow
peering over his shoulder, devouring her nakedness. Jill watched helplessly with
twinges of jealously, as
Sergeant Adams began barking out orders, and as much as April didn't like it,
she had been around prison's enough not to argue, so she did as told.

First, he told her to slowly turn around in quarter turns, until she was facing
front again. Then he had her lift her breasts up by just the nipples and then
release them, several times. He also had her lean forward and swing her
shoulders back and forth, but April really knew what they wanted to see swing
back and forth. Turning around again, he had her bend forward at the waist. Then
he ordered her to reach back and spread her ass cheeks for the camera, making
sure she pulled her pussy open as well. Finally, he had bend down with straight
legs and slide off her high heels and put them into her basket.

April, happy that the search was over, glanced at the young guard when she was
finished. Ordinarily, she would have gotten a cheep thrill out of the "deer in
highlights" look he was now sporting, as he seemingly couldn't take his eyes off
her naked body, especially her enhanced breasts, but she yearned for her
husband's lusty eyes, not his.

"Ok, you next," Sergeant Adams said to an already trembling Jill.

"Me too!" Jill screamed, as her prayer that she wouldn't have to go through the
humiliating procedure that she just witnessed April go through, went unanswered.

"Yeah, let's go, or you can go back home," Sergeant Adams teased, as he patted
her on the back. "I mean, I already told your hubby that you were here."

"You did!" Jill cried, as she was really thinking about leaving.

"C'mon Jill, you have to go through this eventually, when you get your special
visit," April whispered, as she gave Jill a comforting hug, and then after some
more encouragement, it was finally Jill's turn to face the camera.

After the background info was taken, Sergeant Adams again gave the command to,
"Strip."

Jill, trembled noticeably, still not used to the lewd command. She looked to
April for strength and slowly lifted her shirt over her head, and dropped it in
her basket. She also searched for the eyes of the young man, now devouring her
nakedness. He seemed mesmerized by her pink marshmallow nipples, causing her to
cover her breasts with her hands. It took a minute or two and several commands
for her to continue, before Jill did so. All eyes watched as she slipped her
skirt off, and then she kicked her pumps into the plastic bucket, and then
quickly returned to her defensive posture, which brought out a chuckle from the
two men.

Sergeant Adams handed her shoes back and then he seemed to make Jill stand in
front of the camera longer now than he did with April. It didn't help the speed
factor that Jill balked at every order, at first, and then eventually complied.

Sergeant Adams again started with quarter turns, her hands locked behind her
head. He had her turn her back to the camera and bend at the waist. Jill was
mortified, especially when she spread her ass cheeks for the camera. "Wider and
wider," Sergeant Adams ordered, seemingly not satisfied until he saw internal
organs. He even told the camera operator to, "zoom in on her shaved pussy,"
while she did this, which was the finale straw for Jill, as tears started
streaming from her eyes.

Just when Jill didn't think she could take anymore, Sergeant Adams announced
that it was, "Time to see the Doctor next." Jill snapped up and spun around. The
women were more than a little surprised at the sudden announcement.

"What's up with the 'Doc' part Dad?" The young guard asked, seemingly for the
women, who were listening intently for the answer.

"Cavity exam...son," Sergeant Adams said with a grin, before he pushed the naked
women out the door. They were a little more reluctant now, because of their
naked state, and his recent explanation to the young guard's question. They also
wondered what exactly they just went through.

April also finally figured out why the sergeant's personality had changed so
drastically today. Thinking that she finally got to meet his son, the football
star that she had heard so much about, and she could already tell that he wanted
to put on a good show for him, with her and Jill being cast as the main
performers. She could also tell from the confused look on Jill's face that she
didn't quite know yet what was in store for them.

April again held Jill's hand, as they were led into a brightly lit room, an
imposing steel table stood proudly in its center. A short, fat, bald man,
wearing a white lab coat, joined them a few seconds later. He chatted with the
two guards, as they were also staring at the naked women, who clung together,
shivering in the cold room, and they also shivered from fear of the unknown.
April noticed the cameras, hanging in the corners, wondering just how many other
eyes were focused on them as well.

The doctor moved over and ordered the two women to, "Stand up straight, with
their hands folded behind their backs, and their jaws wide open."

They only followed the doctor's orders when Sergeant Adams moved over and barked
at them, "Show the good doctor some respect," While playfully slapping Jill on
the ass.

The women slowly moved into position. With the women in the doctor's requested
position, he slowly circled them, conducting what he called a "visual
inspection" of their bodies. In reality, he took a minute or two, to admire
April's impressive breasts, and Jill's exceptional nipples. April managed a
giggle, noticing the young guard doing his best to adjust his erection, now
tenting his uniform pants. Jill, however, was offended by their hungry stares,
which she thought were highly unprofessional.

The doctor, using a tongue depressor, proceeded to make a zealous inspection of
their open mouths. April put a sudden stop to her search by clamping her lips
down on the doctor's stick, as he slowly withdrew it from her lips. April even
let out a teasing gasp, as it left her lips.

"Ah-hum...let's go...one of you up on the table...up on all fours...I ain't gut
all day," the doctor said, as he also cleared his throat, trying to regain his
composure.

"I know, I'll go first," April said sarcastically, as she exchanged glances with
a terrified looking Jill. She could also feel Jill's body literally shaking in
her arms, when she gave her a quick parting hug.

April slowly climbed on the shinny table, resting her hands and knees on the
tables cold surface, as the three men gathered around her backside. Jill wrapped
her arms around her chest, as she was almost too afraid to watch, but was even
more scared not too. She also burned with the knowledge that she would soon be
next.

The doctor pulled up a stool behind April, while the two guards gazed over his
shoulders, admiring the view. April flinched when she felt a slap against her
thighs. After another one, she reluctantly spread them further apart for the
doctor and his back up eyes. She even had to shuffle down towards the end of the
table, until her ass settled into the doctor's waiting hands. He gave her ass
cheeks a good squeeze, before spreading them apart.

"Don't get much opportunity to inspect much pussy in here," the doctor mumbled,
as he wasted no time in pulling April's pussy lips apart with his thumbs,
admiring her deep pinkish insides.

April grabbed the table's edge, when she felt the doctor's fat finger suddenly
enter her pussy without warning. April also heard Jill gasp, as if her brain
finally got the "cavity" part of the exam. April almost would have laughed, but
the doctor added a second finger into her pussy, and began spreading his fingers
apart, in quick V-like movements. She swore she could also feel the hot breath
from the three men, blowing into her open pussy, but she robbed the men the
satisfaction of looking back at them, robbing them the whites of her humiliated
eyes.

The doctor was doing his best to open her pussy up as much as possible now, as
his thumb joined into the act. April winced in discomfort, as there was nothing
pleasurable about the doctor's cruel actions. She suddenly let out a small
guilty giggle, as she remembered that Jill had to go next. (She knew Jill was
just gunna love this part, especially, when she felt her pussy gape open, as the
doctor used his thumbs to spread her as wide open as he could.) April winced in
pain, and the doctor mercifully let go.

She was about to hop off the table, when she heard a rubber glove being snapped
on. Almost instinctively, she lowered her shoulders to the table. Her sensitive
nipples, reacting to the cold steel table, instantly hardened, sending a shiver
down her spine, while a squeal almost escaped from her lips.

Jill watched, mouth agape, as the doctor rubbed some lubricant on his gloved
index finger, and then he plunged it in, rather roughly again, only this time
into her asshole. The doctor chuckled, "Ah, home sweet home." The two guards
quickly chuckled, at his quip. April let out a screech, but the doctor continued
his probing, while her ass unintentionally wiggled back and forth. (Much to the
men's enjoyment, she was sure.)

The doctor pulled his finger out and quickly removed his glove. Then he used a
wet nap to clean up April's asshole, while Sergeant Adam's whispered into his
ear. The doctor smiled and playfully slapped her ass. "Turn over," the doctor
ordered, reaching for another glove.

April did so, somewhat perplexed, as she thought the search was over. The doctor
had April bring her knees up to her armpits and hold them there, by locking her
arms under her knees. The doctor also slid her down to the very edge of the
table. Then the doctor lubed up his middle finger, holding it high in the air,
as if, for all to see.

April closed her eyes and braced, as he entered her asshole again, twisting and
turning his middle finger as far as he could this time. Then with an evil grin,
he lifted his finger upwards, and the three men watched as it pushed up under
April's pussy. April's eyes snapped open. It went against all her instincts to
not kick the cruel doctor away. But she could tell Jill was absolutely
horrified, so she put on a brave face.

The doctor pulled his finger out and took a wet nap and cleaned her asshole off
again. He reached for another wet nap and proceeded to use it on her pussy. The
humiliating position and the doctor's actions, almost got to the tough skinned
April, only the thought of seeing her husband kept her composer.

"Lemon fresh pussy," he teased, as he smelled the lemon scented wipe, just as
April slid off the table.

"Next," he barked, as he motioned to Jill, while an angry April, was held back
by the young guard, from smacking the wise cracking doctor.

"We have a problem here April?" Sergeant Adams snapped, and April slowly shook
her head and relaxed her body. He smiled, turning to Jill. "Good, now get your
pretty ass up on the table."

"Nooo w-w-way!" A terrified Jill stammered several times, but the men stood
their ground. Sergeant Adams brought his hand down on her naked backside as the
sound of smacking skin bounced off the walls. A second smack quickly followed,
and there was nothing playful about them this time.

"Ok, ok, please," Jill cried out, as she also rubbed her ass cheek, which
already sported his handprint.

Jill, having just watched her friend's cavities probed, had to be helped into
position by April, as Jill's body was seemingly a numb bundle of skin and bones.

Once in the doggie position, she quickly felt pressure on her pussy. Jill
whimpered, as she felt her pussy lips being pulled back and forth like the
doctor was testing there elasticity. It also hit her that she was shaved clean,
and knew that the men could see her most intimate parts, easily now.

Before she could fret about that fact, she let out a scream, when the doctor's
fat finger abruptly entered her. Jill snapped her head back, only to be
humiliated when her eyes met the three sets of hungry eyes, now taking in every
inch of her precious pussy. She also noticed that each guard had a hold of one
of her ankles. She was even more humiliated when the doctor began commenting on
the "tightness" and "pinkness" of her pussy, compared to Aprils, while his
finger and thumb was spreading her open.

"Too bad we don't have a speculum in here, eh Doc?" Sergeant Adams teased.

"Next time, I'll borrow one from my gyno-friend," the doctor answered with a
wink.

Sergeant Adams moved over and pressed Jill's chest to the table and the doctor
snapped on a new glove. April snarled at him, but he just blew her a kiss, and
pushed her aside.

"Please, let me go, I change my mind!" Jill screamed, trying to jump off the
table. The two guards had to physically hold Jill in position, now. Sergeant
Adams pressing down on her back, his son holding her around the waist. Jill
shivered, because her erect nipples were squashed against the cold steel, but
mostly from fear.

With April stroking her hair, the doctor started to spread some lubrication onto
Jill's anus.

"Owww!" Jill sobbed, and tears began splashing off the table's surface, when the
doctor entered her virgin asshole. His actions jarring at first, and then he
began twisting his fat finger in and out, and then shocked Jill by quickly
adding two fingers into her pussy as well.

"Whyyy!" Jill cried out, but the guards didn't let go.

The doctor chuckled, "This cats in heat...I think I'll give her my special
treatment."

He finger fucked both of her cavities for several minutes, as Jill and then even
April pleaded with him to stop, which he finally did, announcing that she was
clean. Although, Jill felt anything but, collapsing down on the table, after
experiencing a powerful orgasm. She cursed her body for betraying her for the
second time behind these walls.

The doctor handed some wet naps to April, as the two guards rolled the frazzled
Jill over and pressed her knees up to her chest. They had April clean Jill's
pussy and then her anus, as the three men watched. Jill was absolutely
mortified. Finally, after the doctor checked April's work by running his
glove-less finger along Jill's pussy and sucking his finger clean, he announced
that he was finished, and he quickly left the room.

After several minutes of sobbing, April helped Jill off the table, just as
Sergeant Adams moved behind April. With overpowering strength, he handcuffed her
hands behind her back. As a result, Jill almost fell to the floor.

"Prison policy...they will be off soon," he shouted above the women's vocal
protests. Jill was next. Her head and heart sunk even lower, once again feeling
like she was a prisoner herself. She also had no way to cover her nakedness now,
and she was helpless to stop Sergeant Adams from squeezing both of her breasts,
from behind her. After April received the same groping, they were led, still
naked, and now handcuffed, down a long hall. They past some prisoners on the
left, who were handcuffed to a wooden bench, and they all began hooting at the
women, at first glance. April and Jill were cruelly made to stand, backs against
the wall, just feet from the prisoners, as Sergeant Adams took a piss in the
nearby restroom. Jill was squirming, trying to get out of their lustful
scrutiny, but the young guard kept pushing her shoulders back against the wall,
once even twisting on one of her nipples.

The women were finally led into a small room at the end of the hall and
un-cuffed. April scanned the room. It contained a wooden table and two wooden
chairs, and a small end table in the corner with one lamp. A small refrigerator
stood in the other corner, while pornographic pictures adorned the walls.

"Not much of a break-room," April sighed.

"No, but it will do April, and Jill I don't think your man needs to see yah in
tears. Your face is a mess. I'll be back in a couple of minutes with him,"
Sergeant Adams announced.

"He's right Jill," April said, as she tried to dry her tears, but Jill was still
trying to regain her composer from the days humiliating events so far; violation
running through her veins.

"By the way April," the sergeant said, as he patted her ass. "It seems my new
guard will be needing one of your blowjobs."

"Jesus! Why am I not surprised, but I ain't blowing the whole prison, and only
after," April quickly gushed, and the young guard's face lit up. "Now, go get
our men."

"Yes, my dear," the sergeant teased, before he left, his shadow following on his
heels.

"Don't say a fucking thing!" April snapped at Jill, who was shaking her head,
when they were left alone. "And Stop crying... you're pissing me off."

April found a couple of white prison T-shirts on the table in the corner. She
put one on and helped Jill into one. They were way too small to fully cover
themselves, but they found if they sat in a chair they could at least pull them
over their knees. April was thankful that at least they got Jill to stop crying.
April found some water in the frig, and helped wash Jill's face, before they
drank the rest.

Jill's husband came into the room a short time later. Jill jumped up, and they
spent some time in a seemingly one-sided embrace.

"Jill, what's up with the prison T-shirt? Are you naked underneath that?" Jill
husband finally said, spotting Jill's naked ass cheeks.

"Please Bob!"

"How did you get here? You know you're deep inside the prison? And who's that?"
Bob said looking at April, who was standing in the corner. "Is that your new
whore friend?"

"Please Bob," was all Jill could still manage, while April bit her tongue.

"What the fuck Jill!"

"I love you, Bob please!" Jill begged.

"I know, but don't do any crazy shit to see me."

"I know Bob. I know...I just miss you sooo much," Jill moaned, as she cried on
his shoulder.

"I know baby, me too. I'm sorry, I just can't even stand to think...."

"Then don't...please just hold me," Jill managed, as she held her husband in her
arms, while he was still flashing April dirty looks.

The two held each other, until Sergeant Adams came back and got him several
minutes later. Then it was April's turn to hold Jill in her arms, as Jill was
recovering from her too short, and not exactly perfect, visit with her man. She
also wondered if his hugs would ever again feel like Aprils.

"It's gonna be ok, Jill." April repeated her words, over and over, but Jill only
wondered.

Sergeant Adams came back in with April's husband, and as soon as he closed the
door, leaving the three of them inside, April tore off her shirt and jumped on
the large man. The two were locked in a feverish embrace. Jill moved her chair
out of the way, as she instantly felt isolated.

Jill shyly watched as Bull lustfully devoured his wife's body. He quickly
stripped of his jumpsuit, and leaned April over the brown table, quickly
entering her pussy from behind. The sound of slapping skin and horny groans
filled the room. Jill watched in strange fascination as Bull violently pounded
his smaller wife. April cried out like she was in pain, but Jill noticed her
face was euphoric. She still wondered how April could take it, as he was fucking
her like a wild beast. Slapping her ass, pulling her hair, just like she said he
would. Only the fact that the table was bolted to the floor was keeping it in
place. It also meant that April was receiving the brunt of Bull's blasts from
behind. She also couldn't help but wondered how April could fall for a man like
Bull. He was a man-beast, covered in hair and tattoos, and with an evil looking
face. She also wondered if the weird feeling was just jealousy.

Finally the room filled with Bull's howls, and his paced slowed, before he
crashed back into a chair. Jill gasped when she spotted Bull's throbbing
erection, still leaking cum. She had never seen one so big and or thick before.
It seemed to be pulsating before her eyes. She wondered how April could fit that
inside of her. Then, as if on cue, she watched as April climbed on Bull, still
sitting on the chair, and slipped Bull's cock back into her dripping pussy.
April rocked back and forth slowly at first, and then they were back to a
blistering pace.

Sitting just a couple of feet away, Jill was becoming more nervous and
uncomfortable, as Bull would flash her a menacing look now and then and Jill
would look away. She was not sure if she was supposed to watch or not, as April
never told her she would be in the room when they did it. Although, after all
they had been through, she was pretty sure April didn't mind at all if she
watched. But for Jill, the whole thing, or maybe just Bull's imposing presence,
simply made her uncomfortable. She also felt even more tingles of jealousy,
running in her veins, as she watched April being fucked.

Finally the action died again and Bull was using April's torn T-shirt to wipe up
some of the perspiration dripping from his hairy body. April suddenly shifted
over and grabbed Jill's hand.

"Jill, I want to formally introduce you to my man," April said, as she pulled
Jill to her feet.

"Baby, I want you to meet my friend Jill," April said, and Jill went to shake
hands. Bull just grunted at her, as he continued drying himself.

"That's my Bull, man of many words," April moaned.

After several seconds of awkward silence, Jill's face blushed, as she was caught
looking at Bull's cock, when he dried it with the shirt.

"I'm sorry, really," Jill gushed, but Bull just snickered as he caught her eyes.

"This is so embarrassing," Jill said, as she spun around and hid her face.

"No need for that Jill. We are all friends here," April said, and she spun Jill
back around.

"Jill's even been keeping me warm at night, Baby" April said, and Jill shot her
a stunned look.

"What?" April teased. "You did, and oh she has the softest lips."

"Please April!" Jill cried out.

" C'mon Jill, show him how you kissed me last night."

"Please April, stop teasing me," Jill pleaded.

"I'm not teasing YOU my dear," April said, as she grabbed Jill's face in her
hands and pressed her lips against Jill's, who struggled to get free. Soon Jill
figured it was futile to fight, as April was relentless and Bull, watching with
a grin, didn't seem to mind. Jill finally gave in and let April's tongue find
hers. She closed her eyes and tried to relive last night's passion, but Jill's
calmness didn't last long. Jill began to panic once again, when she felt April's
hand massaging her naked ass, she also felt the T-shirt riding up her body.

"April, what are you doing?" Jill said, as she broke the kiss.

"I was just giving him a peek at your hot little body, plus I'm naked," April
said, as she wouldn't let go of the shirt, which was now around Jill's neck.
Jill made one last reach for the shirt, but April tugged it off and was
playfully hiding it behind her back. Jill struggled for it until Bull got a hold
of it and tore it to pieces. April grabbed Jill and kissed her again, their
naked bodies rubbing against each other.

"She's just a little on the shy side," April said, breaking the kiss, to her
husband, who was slowly stroking his cock back to life, as he watched the show.

"Check out her beautiful pink marshmallow nipples," April oozed, as she suddenly
grabbed Jill's hands behind her back, and took a nipple into her mouth, as Jill
once again struggled to get free. Jill gasped when she saw what Bull was doing,
and she felt her stomach turn. She also knew she was in way over her head, with
these two.

"Please, April!" Jill pleaded.

April spun Jill around, but her instant feeling of relief was cut short, as
April bent Jill over at the waist, and kicked her feet apart. Jill had grown all
too familiar recently, as to why she would do this. She soon felt her pussy
being pulled open by April's fingers, and for the second time today she felt
like her pussy was being put on a pedestal, for all to see.

"Pretty little pink pussy eh? Shaved it myself," April oozed, as Jill increased
her struggle.
"Relax Jill. Jesus! Your going to give Bull the idea that you don't like him,
and trust me, you don't want to do that," April said, as she suddenly let Jill
go, causing her to flop down on the cold floor.

"Please April, no more." Jill moaned between sobs.

"No time to be a pussy, Jill, now get up on your knees," April said ignoring
Jill's pleas, as she pulled on Jill's arm, "I need yah to show him you like
him."

Jill was frantic as to April's meaning, yet when she looked up from April's
face, it was crystal clear. As was Bull's large rigid cock, now just inches from
her lips.

"Please don't ask me to do that?" She pleaded.

"It's alright Jill, all my friends have sucked his cock. It's part of the gig.
What's mine is his and his is mine," April teased. "Plus, even though you didn't
want to at first, you have no problem with licking my pussy, now, do yah?"

April's words cut like a knife, as she was confessing their sins.

"Please April," Jill could only manage, looking to the floor.

"She's never sucked cock before baby. I've been showing her how on that life
like penis you stole for me," April whispered into her husband's ear. His face
grinned at the news.

"Go on, show'em what you've learned," April snapped.

"But why April?" Jill whined, but instead of an answer, she felt her hair being
pulled back. She suddenly felt Bull's sweaty balls being banged against her
face. Her nose pressed into his body. His manly odor was overpowering.

"Ok, Ok, please just don't hurt me!" Jill cried out.

"Please Jill, enough of the melodramatics. We're just playing with yah. No ones
gunna hurt anyone," April said, as she knelt down next to Jill, and quickly took
her husband's cock in her mouth. Jill tried to dry her eyes and stand up, but
she couldn't, because Bull still had his strong hand on the top of her head, as
he now did to April.

"I'm asking you to help me pleasure my husband, is that too much to ask?" April
snapped, in-between breaths.

Jill now had a much closer look at April's seemingly famous oral skills than she
ever wanted. April was quickly moving her head back and forth, strings of saliva
dripping from her lips. April suddenly gasped for air, and pulled her head away.
She turned to Jill, as she held her husband's slimy cock in her hand. She
flashed Jill a "now or never look" as she rubbed it against Jill's red colored
lips. Jill finally relented to April's pleading eyes, by closing her eyes tight,
while opening her lips. Jill found herself quickly choking, as the large organ
quickly invaded her throat.

"Just relax Jill," April whispered, as Bull's cock was relentless in its
invasion. "Breath through your nose."

April pulled his cock out of her mouth, and let Jill breath, as she again showed
Jill her technique. Jill managed a little better the next time, and April was
helping her by moving her head back and forth over it. The two took their turns
sucking, while Jill's jaw quickly ached, as it had to stretch to its limits,
just to get around it. Bull started to grunt, and Jill began to panic that he
might release in her mouth, but she was suddenly pulled to her feet by the hulk
of a man. Then like a rag doll, she was lifted onto the table, and pushed onto
her back. Bull then pulled April over in-between Jill's legs, and pushed on her
back, which caused April to bend over at the waist.

"Relax Jill, you know you like this," April said, and she kissed the inside of
Jill's thighs. Jill propped up on her elbows, even spreading her thighs just a
bit as she waited in nervous anticipation for April's velvet like tongue. April
let out a groan when Bull drove into her backside. Jill also groaned when
April's expert tongue found her pussy. Soon April was thrusting back and forth,
her tongue dragging across Jill's pussy, with each thrust. Bull would alter the
speed of his thrusts and when he would slow down, April's tongue would find its
mark on Jill's engorged clit, sending waves of pleasure dancing through Jill's
body.

A stinging slap of skin interrupted the action several minutes later. It
startled Jill, who was just about to climax. When she opened her eyes, she saw
April rubbing her ass. When their eyes met she motioned with Jill to change
places. Jill slid off the table before she realized what that meant. She saw
April take her place on the table and her heart leapt out of her chest, as she
finally got their intentions. Jill's protests were cut off, before they could
begin, when Bull roughly grabbed her cheeks and moved her into position. Jill
tried to break free, but Bull, using April's torn T-shirt, tied Jill's arms
behind her back. He laughed at her helpless position, and pushed her forward
until she found herself inches away from April's pussy, which reeked of sex.
Jill was scared stiff, as she felt Bull's cock pressing against her pussy, and
with her hands tied she also felt totally helpless.

"Please, nooo," Jill moaned.

A quick jolt shot through Jill, as Bull's cock penetrated her pussy. April was
moaning for Jill to, "Lick her pussy." But Jill couldn't even think about doing
that, as Bull's cock felt like it was tearing her apart. It felt like it was
twice as large as her husbands, and April's strap on dildo, creating a mixture
of pleasure and pain. Bull was also reaching around and squeezing Jill's breasts
as they dangled from her body. His rough hands, grating against her smooth skin
and he also spent time pulling on one of her nipples.

Bull suddenly grabbed Jill around the waist and really began to slam away.
April, realizing Jill wasn't even trying to lick her pussy, slid off the table
and stood by her side, encouraging her husband to, "Fuck her good." She also
reached down and began rubbing Jill's asshole.

"Ahhh!" Jill groaned.

"I think someone found out something today," April said, before she let some
saliva drip down from her lips onto her target. "But I don't think she's ready
for this yet," April said as she pulled her husband's cock from Jill's pussy and
began sucking on it, while her husband sucked on her extended finger.

After a few licks at Jill's wet pussy, April grabbed Jill around the waist.
"Mmmm," April purred, rubbing her lubricated finger on Jill's asshole.

"Oh my!" Jill cried out when she felt April's finger slid into her asshole.

Bull grinned, and he drove his cock back into Jill's pussy, while his wife
fingered her asshole.

"That's it baby....let's fuck this tied up bitch!"

Jill's head was spinning, as her body finally sent out waves of pleasure, easing
the pain, and soon Jill shocked herself, by crying out, "Fuck me! Oh, fuck me."

Bull began huffing and puffing after a few more minutes of this. He started
crying out expletives, and then he pulled out of Jill and spun her around and
pushed her to her knees. April also bent down next to Jill, who was too stunned
to panic. Bull forced his cock into Jill's mouth. She squirmed, as she knew the
bitter taste was her very own pussy juices, but he quickly pulled out and
unleashed a stream of cum that caught Jill in the face and hair and smaller ones
soon followed. Jill held her eyes shut. April used her hand to guide her
husband's cock back into Jill's mouth and she got her first taste of cum. Jill
reluctantly cleaned off April's husband's cock, per April's request, before he
crashed down into a chair. Jill kept her eyes closed, as she prayed what just
happened, really didn't. The thought of the hulking man coming on her face
repulsed her, as did the taste of his cum, oozing down her throat. She could
feel some of his cum sliding down her face, also causing her to gag.

April untied Jill's arms, with a giggle, "And we thought your face was a mess,
before."

Jill suddenly felt a soft cloth against her face and April's soothing touch.
Although it wasn't working this time, as tears were once again escaping from her
eyes. The realization of what had just happened was also starting to sink in.
Jill ripped the T-shirt piece from April, to clean her own face.

Jill suddenly heard a familiar voice in the room, but she didn't realize how
familiar the voice was, until she saw her husband looking down on her, with
disgust in his eyes. She tried to spring to her feet, while also noticing that
they were alone, but her husband pushed her back down.

"How could you!" he screamed. " I mean, when the guards showed me the tape of
you getting strip searched, as sick as I was about it, I could rationalize that
you were doing it just to see me and the same with the doctor today. Although, I
can't believe you seem to like it when he finger-fucked you."

"Please honey, I did it for you!" Jill pleaded, as she staggered to her feet.

"You know, they sit here drinking, watching the naive wives and girlfriend
tapes. Watching them all strip naked. It's like a big party. Ever hear of the
word NO!" He screamed at Jill. "And then to top it all off, they handcuffed me
to this chair and make me watch my so-called sweet innocent wife begging to get
fucked, by my cellmate, of all people, while his whore of a fake titted wife,
fingers her asshole."

"P-p-please honey," Jill could only mumble.

"Sergeant Adams got a big kick out of it. Bragging about how he put the whole
thing together the first day he saw you, and how he can turn any convict's woman
into a common whore, like my cellmates wife. He even said you didn't know that
you were being watched. Jill, I didn't think you were that fucking dumb. There
are cameras everywhere!"

"Please honey, it wasn't like it looked," Jill frantically cried out.

"Yeah, and that's not his cum dripping from your hair!" He snapped. Jill grabbed
his arm and begged for forgiveness. "Look at you. Maybe he was right!"

"Things just went to far," Jill pleaded. "And April wouldn't do anything to hurt
me...she just wouldn't!"

"Please! You said you'd wait for me. You promised. I never want to see you
again. You fucking whore!" He blasted, as he turned to leave, but Jill was still
clinging to his arm, as she was begging him to listen to her side. Her husband
suddenly turned around and slapped Jill on the side of the face, knocking her to
the floor. He smiled, as if seemingly leaving her with an exclamation point.

"Don't worry, we'll make him pay for that," Sergeant Adams said, entering the
room, while another guard led Jill's husband away.

"And don't worry about April. She's busy sucking my son's cock," Sergeant Adams
said with a laugh.

"Like father, like son!" He said with another laugh, as he left the room,
leaving Jill alone to her tears.

Jill began crying out incoherent rants. She curled up on the cold floor, in a
fetal position for some time, before a pair of guards came in and tried to
comfort her. After awhile, they just kept telling her it was time for her to go.

Finally, the guards seemingly grew tired of the sobbing woman, and they carried
Jill, out the side door, and unceremoniously dumped her on the dirt ground.
Sergeant Adams came out a short time later, and dumped her clothes, purse, and
shoes on top of her head.

"Stand by your man." Sergeant Adams sang, with an evil laugh, as he turned and
slammed the prison's door shut.

Never again - never again," was all Jill could mumble.

And she never did. She never saw her husband again, never saw April again, in
fact, she never stepped foot in the great state of Vermont again.

The End

Here is an Alternative ending for the story.

Jill was more than worried, she was crying out incoherent rants, as she lay on
the cold floor, in a fetal position for some time, before some guards tried to
comfort her, but really they just kept telling her it was time for her to go.

Finally the guards seemingly grew tired of the sobbing woman, and the two large
guards carried Jill out the side door, and unceremoniously dumped her on the
dirt ground. Sergeant Adams came out and dumped her clothes and shoes on top of
her head.

"When yah see Deputy Duffy, ask him whose prison he thinks this is anyways!"
Sergeant Adams said, with an evil laugh.

Jill managed to get her clothes on before she stumbled to the parking lot.
Looking through blurry eyes, she scanned the empty visitor's parking lot. Her
heart sunk, as she crashed back to the ground. April's four by four was nowhere
to be found.

"April!" Jill cried out, several times, as she waited and waited. Her head was
spinning with confusing questions. She finally started the long journey back to
April's house as night fell. It took nearly two hours to make it back to April's
house by foot, as she had rejected several offers for "rides" from eager men.
Jill staggered up the front stairs of the darkened house, only to find the door
locked. She used her remaining strength to pound on the door.

"April!" Jill screamed over and over. She even tried her car door, but it was
still locked, and her car keys were inside of April's house. Back at the front
door, Jill finally succumbed to the emotionally and physically draining day, and
she passed out on the front porch of April's house.

The sounds of birds chirping, and the rising sun, woke Jill from her stupor,
early the next morning. Jill looked at her clothes and cringed at the
realization that it wasn't all just a bad dream spinning in her head, as she had
prayed. She rose to her feet, her body feeling every bit of the physical grind
she went through yesterday. Jill winced with every step, as she made the way
around back. She looked through the large glass sliding door; it was also
locked.

She was still adjusting her eyes to the new day's sun, as she pressed against
the glass. She rubbed her eyes several times, as she felt like they were playing
tricks on her. The place looked empty, just some boxes scattered about. "It just
couldn't be," Jill kept saying.

Jill saw an old shovel on the ground. She picked it up, and then in a fit of
rage, smashed the glass door with it. She entered the apartment and searched the
rooms. Her worst fears realized. The place was deserted, and April was gone. The
hook, that once held her car keys, empty. She spent most of the day wandering
around the apartment praying that April would show back up. She just needed some
answers, but she, and they, never appeared.

Jill finally went out front to her car. She looked in the window and saw her
keys dangling from the ignition. She also noticed that the passenger's door was
unlocked. Feeling even more foolish now, she opened the door and slid in. There
was a small note hanging on the driver's visor, it was written in April's
trademark red lipstick. It simply read, "Jill...D.T.A."

Jill drove back to her Connecticut home, although she drove on automatic pilot,
as she tried to figure out how things went so wrong. She kept asking herself
about what happened to April and what was the meaning of her note.

It took Jill several days before she started to make phone calls back up north.
It seemed like the harder she tried, the fewer answers she got. After weeks of
trying, she turned to the one friend she always had, her mother. She moved with
her to the left coast, far away from the Sleepy State, but the miles didn't stop
the nightmares. Jill was tormented for years; she even tried several attempts at
professional help.

Jill was slowly getting better with the passage of time, when she suffered two
painful blows. Her elderly mother passed on, and then several days later, her
husband Bob called. She thought he was calling to give his condolences, but
instead he told her that he was getting out of prison soon and he wanted to
finalize the divorce. Then he really dropped a bombshell. He told her he was
getting remarried and his girlfriend was pregnant with his child. Jill dropped
the phone, and crashed to the floor, as it had always been her dream, to have a
family, especially with Bob. She also couldn't figure out how all that happened
with him in prison.

The news sent an already fragile Jill into a complete melt down. She quit her
job, gave up her mom's small apartment, and sold her stuff to buy a used car.
Something in her head told her that she just had to see Bob one more time. Jill
was in an emotional haze, but somehow she traveled across country, just to sign
the papers.

Once back in Vermont, Jill ran into a friend of April, she'd met once before at
the prison, as she gassed up her car. They shared an awkward conversation in
which she got the shocking news as to the identity of Bob's fiancee. It was a
now 42 year old, April. (She told her that April's husband Bull had been killed
several years earlier, in a failed bank robbery. April and Bob became close
shortly after his death, as Bob and Bull were cellmates and Bull made April
promise that if anything happened to him, his name would live on.)

Jill found herself in front of a small bar that they planed to meet at, the
shocking news still dancing in her head. She was as white as a ghost, when she
saw the two kissing and cuddling like a pair of teenagers, through the nearly
empty bar's window, erasing her thought that maybe April's friend was lying.
Jill got back into her car and was about to speed away, but an evil force
seemingly took over her body.

Jill revved the car's engine. She put on her seatbelt and adjusted it extra
tight. She took a swig of her JD bottle and threw it in the back. She slammed
her foot onto the gas petal, and with screeching tires, headed right at the bar,
towards the window in which Bob and April sat. She jumped the curb and with a
horrendous crash slammed into the side of the bar, smashing through the wall and
crashing into the bar. Bob and April pinned in-between. When the dust settled,
Jill, wincing from shoulder pain from the seatbelt, spotted the lifeless bodies
in front of her.

"D.T.A." Jill said, with an evil laugh. "Don't trust anyone."

The End

Alternative ending, to the Alternative ending.


She walked into the bar and signed the divorce papers. Pretending to not even
notice April. Jill rose to leave and asked her husband if he could look at her
tire, before she made her trip back home. She then glanced at April, who just
blew her a kiss, and said those three initials again, "D.T.A."

April had years of pent up feelings towards April. She dreamed of what she would
say or do if she ever saw her again, but Jill just moaned, "Why?" Before she
followed her soon to be ex-husband out to her car.

Jill raced out of that parking lot, hitting the pavement running. She guzzled
from the bottle of JD that she carried in her car, as it seemingly had become
her lone friend as of late. She finished off the bottle that she had started
earlier and tossed it out the window. She was soon doing ninety on the freeway
and was becoming hazy. She began laughing hysterically when she heard the
pounding coming from the trunk of her car. Her husband seemingly recovered from
the tire-iron blow that she delivered to the back of his head, before dumping
him into the trunk.

"You shouldn't have hit me asshole!" Jill screamed out.

Jill saw her target fast approaching, while cranking up the stereo to ear
piercing levels to drown out the noise and the pain. Jill hit the entrance of
the bridge. Her car riding up over the edge of the bridge in a horrendous crash
of flying debris, and splashing sparks, before it finally made its way over the
side of the bridge, and plummeted below, to its inevitably fatal finish.

"D.T.A. April." Jill was heard screaming from the car. "Don't trust anyone!"

The End.

Jill Kelly. R.I.P.

Thanks for reading my little fictional story. I know it was a long read. Hope it
was worth your time.

Please don't be shy with your comments

Stonedog99_1999@yahoo.com



Authors note: I was only planning on posting two chapters to this
      story, but I've been asked to fill in the time between the two, so I will.   
This chapter picks up right after the First chapter. I call it, "Jill
      joins the club."   
Jill Kelly Goes to Prison CH. 2   
(Jill joins the club)  
By   
Deputy Duffy   
   
Tired and on the brink of exhaustion, Jill pulled into the driveway
    of her Connecticut home. It had been a long drive from Vermont, which capped
    off an even longer day. She drew herself a hot bath and then poured herself
    a glass of wine. She stripped off her clothes (for the second time today),
    and splashed into the tub. She lit a few candles, before putting a hot washcloth
    over her eyes. 
   
  Her mind drifted back over today's events, questions running through her head:
  Did she really make it though today? Could she really go back there? Was April
  really interested in her as a friend? Could she really trade sexually favors
  like her?   
The hot bath water was about the only thing keeping Jill calm. She
    suddenly remembered the short conversation she had with April in the prison's
    parking lot. She was invited back up to Vermont in a couple of weeks to meet
    some of the other unfortunate wives. April even called it a "little club
    of prisoner wives." 
   
  Taking a sip of wine, she remembered her meeting with her husband. It had been
  so long, his body felt even bigger and stronger than she remembered. The two
  spent most of their thirty minutes together locked in a loving embrace. The
  only words the two exchanged were "sorry" and it seemed to sum up their present
  positions in life, but they both vowed that they still loved each other. 
   
  Suddenly, it felt like she had been struck by lighting, when she remembered
  glancing over her shoulder at April. April was down on her knees, her skirt
  bunched around her waist, her head in her husband lap, bobbing up and down,
  while the young guard was only a few feet away, licking his lips, obviously
  enjoying the show. "Or maybe waiting for his turn," Jill thought, with a shiver. 
   
  Her stomach turned, as she pictured herself doing that to her husband, as the
  guard watched. Her husband had asked her several times early into their marriage,
  for oral sex, but Jill just couldn't go through with it. She just couldn't
  get over her fears about putting a penis into her mouth.  
   
  As she continued soaking, her mind drifted back to the conversation with April
  after their session. April told her how after her visit with her husband, she
  had to go into the break room and blow the sergeant, but they deputy had to
  leave on a call. She stuck a finger into her mouth and pretended that it was
  the sergeant's hard cock. She had to take it out several times to stop from
  gagging. "Just how and the hell do bad girls do that?" She asked herself several
  times. 
   
  The following week, April called several times to talk. Jill tried to learn
  as much as possible to try and avoid the amount of humiliation she endured
  in her last visit. April invited her up to her cabin, the following Friday
  for the prisoner wives meeting. She also said that she'd arranged to go back
  to the prison and visit their men on Saturday. Jill said she would come, only
  after some coaxing from April. 
   
  The following week was a hectic one for Jill. She needed a job and after numerous
  interviews she finally got one at this little bookstore. She was also suffering
  from a lack of sleep. She didn't know what was making her more nervous, her
  next prison trip, or meeting the other wives, or maybe it was spending the
  night at April's house. She figured it was a combination of all three that
  was causing her sleepless nights. 
   
  Friday, she made the trip up to April's cabin, which was relatively easy to
  find, as it was located among a popular ski resort. She pulled up to the cabin
  and spotted April's four by four. It took her nearly twenty minutes before
  she built up all her courage and walked up and knocked on the cabin's front
  door. 
   
  April answered the door with a smile. They shared a warm embrace, and then
  April grabbed her hand and led her into the cabin. She introduced Jill to the
  other women, and then the other women stood up and introduced themselves. There
  was Beth, an older, overweight woman. Candy was a tough looking blonde dressed
  like a biker chick, who could have passed for April's sister. And the last
  woman was a tall sexy redhead, who surprised Jill by greeting her with a soft
  kiss on the cheek. 
   
&quot;You can call me Red, as in red hot,&quot; she purred into Jill's ear. 
   
&quot;C'mon Red, don't scare the poor girl,&quot; April said, as she pushed Red
away. &quot;Don't worry, Red is just a little affectionate, that's all.&quot;   
The wine started to flow, and the women settled into the living room
    and exchanged stories on why their husbands were in prison. Jill went last
    and they all got a kick out of Jill's story. 
   
&quot;I can't believe he stopped to ask directions from an off-duty Deputy,&quot; Beth
cried out. &quot;Men never ask for directions!&quot; 
   
&quot;Eight years! Wow, that's along time to be locked in a little cage with
another guy,&quot; Red said, and the other women nodded. 
   
&quot;I wonder if he's doing the pitching or the catching?&quot; She said, and
the ladies giggled. Jill didn't know exactly what that meant, but she figured
it was some sort of gay joke, which made her skin crawl. 
   
&quot;So Jill, since it's your first time here with us, let's hear about your
first visit to our little state facility,&quot; Beth said. 
   
  Jill rambled through her story rather quickly, blushing all the way, as it
  seemed just as embarrassing to tell her story, as it had been when she went
  through it. 
   
&quot;Jill, did you forget that I was there with you, so I know you left out
a few things,&quot; April said with a laugh. "Like, it was really your second
trip, as you chickened out on the first try." 
   
&quot;Please April, this is embarrassing,&quot; Jill cried out, a small tear
leaking from her eye. 
   
&quot;Jill, what are we going to do with you?&quot; April moaned. &quot;We have
to toughen you up some, can't have you balling your eyes out all the time, it's
embarrassing for all us women, and I think I know where we can start.&quot; 
   
  Jill tried to clear her eyes. 
   
&quot;Jill, just answer this one simple question, did you shave your pussy yet,
as they suggested?&quot; 
   
&quot;What!&quot; Jill gasped. 
   
&quot;You heard me,&quot; April said, her face serious. 
   
&quot;I trimmed it a little,&quot; Jill mumbled, but it was a lie. 
   
&quot;That's what I figured. Well, we now know what your initiation into our
little club is going to be,&quot; April announced, as she stood up. &quot;Red,
go to the bathroom and bring back the shaving kit.&quot; 
   
&quot;Cool!&quot; Red cried out, before running into the bathroom. 
   
  The other two women grabbed Jill by the arms and pulled her off the couch. 
   
&quot;Lay her down on the coffee table,&quot; April barked, and the women did,
as Jill was protesting profusely. 
   
&quot;Let's get that ugly skirt off. I really have to give you some fashions
tips, you dress like you're sixty years old,&quot; April said, as she stripped
Jill's skirt off, while Beth and Candy held her arms. 
   
&quot;Nice pantyhose, at least you left the running trunks at home this time,&quot; April
teased, as they soon joined her skirt on the floor. "Stop fighting or we'll tie
you to the table&hellip;. Just like&hellip;."   
Jill relaxed her body, knowing just what April was hinting at. 
   
&quot;Found it!&quot; Red announced, as she ran back into the room, shaving kit
in hand, naked as the day she was born.  
   
&quot;What the frig...!&quot; Jill cried, when she saw Red's nakedness. 
   
&quot;Don't mind Red, she works hard to keep her body in tip-top shape, and she
also likes to show it off,&quot; April said, holding Jill's legs. 
   
&quot;What, I had a new dress on and I didn't want it all messy,&quot; Red offered. 
   
  Jill had to admit that Red had a great body, her skin seemed to shimmer, her
  breasts were firm and her nipples were pink and puffy, but Jill started to
  get an uneasy feeling remembering her kiss, and April's actions at the prison. 
   
&quot;Please April, I'm not a lesbian!&quot; Jill cried out, which brought out
laughter from the other women. 
   
&quot;Hey girls, little Jill thinks, even though we are all married to men, that
we're all lezbos,&quot; April said with a laugh. &quot;Well, we might like the
company of women once in a while, but we ain't no lezbo club.&quot; 
   
  April wiped a bead of perspiration from Jill's face, and then licked her finger. &quot;Now,
  if you don't quit your crying we are going to have to gag you, with these,&quot; April
  said, as she pulled down Jill panties. &quot;It's not like it's going to hurt
  to have your pussy shaved, you might even like it. Plus we're all baldies,
  too.&quot; 
   
&quot;Wow! Look at that bush, you want me to get the hedge trimmers out back!&quot; Red
teased, when Jill's dark pubic bush came into view, and the women giggled. 
   
  Jill was fighting back tears, it wasn't even the shaving, it was the fact that
  the shaving was going to expose her pussy to these women, and then later at
  the prison. Jill's body was no longer relaxed.   
"Hold her girls," April said with a chuckle, as she was enjoying herself.
    She didn't want to be thought of as gay, but she didn't mind fooling around
    with other women, especially when her husband was in jail, as he often was. 
   
  April knelt on the floor, while Red spread Jill's legs apart and dropped one
  off each side of the table. Crouching underneath the table, she used Jill's
  pantyhose to tie her ankles to the table legs.   
Jill offered one more plea, "Please, I can do it myself." She could tell
  by April wicked smile that it was a futile one. When Red stood up, she realized
  by trying to close her spread open legs what she had done.  
"One more thing," Red said, sliding a small pillow under Jill's lower back.
  April smiled with approval. Jill gasped, as she saw the pillows effect.  
April, working with experience, started with her scissors, trimming
    as much pubic hair as she could, and then grabbed her husband's beard trimmer
    and carved a V, into the top of her pubic mound, pointing to Jill's clit
    hood. Then used a straight edge and gel to shave around her pussy. Finally
    using a facecloth, she cleaned up Jill's new pussy. 
   
&quot;Well lookie here, she has a nice little pussy after all,&quot; April purred,
as she ran her finger lightly along Jill's pussy lips. "Yes, this is much better." 
   
  Jill tried to struggle free, but Beth and Candy had a good hold of her arms,
  and the pantyhose stretched, but held there grip.  
   
&quot;She sure is a squirmy little fish, ain't she,&quot; Beth chuckled. 
   
&quot;Oh yeah, you should have seen her on the steel table in the processing
room,&quot; April said with a giggle. &quot;The deputy was giving her quite the
probing. I just had to help him out, I figured she hadn't had an orgasm in awhile,
so I rubbed her clit.&quot;   
"April, you're a naughty one!" Beth gasped, and then she laughed.  
Jill couldn't help but feel flushed when she remembered her powerful
    orgasm that she experienced that day. Jill was still confused, as her body
    was betraying her again, as April continued running her finger over her pussy.
    She also felt that this in a strange way was cheating on her husband. 
   
&quot;Please April, stop. We shouldn't be doing this, I don't want to do this
to my husband,&quot; Jill cried out. 
   
  April answered by sliding her finger into Jill's moist pussy. &quot;Speaking
  of your husband, you didn't even give him some relief. I mean, I saw the bulge
  in his pants when the guards took him back to his cell." 
   
&quot;I-I-I just couldn't&hellip;owww&hellip;." 
   
&quot;Man, you left your man all hard,&quot; Beth barked, and the other women
just shook their heads at Jill. 
   
&quot;There is so much you have to learn girl, and we can help you a lot, but
you have to trust us, plus we wouldn't do anything to hurt yah,&quot; April said,
pulling her finger out and sucking it clean. 
   
  The women released Jill's arms and Red untied her legs. April pulled Jill into
  her body and the two locked in a warm embrace as Jill started balling her eyes
  out, on her shoulder. Life lately had just become one humiliating experience
  after the next. She wished she was more like April and the other girls, but
  she knew she was along ways from that. She had her doubts as to whether she
  could make that transition. 
   
  After an hour, Jill had managed to compose herself somewhat. The wine was helping
  and then she took a hot shower at April's request, only to find that her clothes
  were missing, as she dried off with a small cotton towel. She wrapped it around
  her the best she could and entered the living room. 
   
&quot;April, where are my clothes?&quot; Jill asked, seeing her sitting on the
couch. 
   
&quot;I gave them to Beth to drop in the Goodwill box on her way home, except
we kept your shoes.&quot; 
   
&quot;What!&quot; Jill barked, a little upset with April's boldness, while she
thought, &quot;Thank goodness I packed some extra clothes for my prison visit." 
   
&quot;Well, that's the next lesson,&quot; April said while standing up. &quot;We
are going to show you how to dress for your prison visits. Now drop that towel
and lets get started." 
   
"B-b-but, I'm n-n-naked," Jill stuttered, as she was quickly back to being nervous,
as she watched Candy and Red walk back into the room carrying a pile of clothes.
They dumped them on the couch. April looked over to Jill and motioned for her
to drop the towel. Jill shook her head. April smacked her lips and snatched the
towel away. Jill quickly covered her breasts with her hands. April had to laugh,
remembering that she did the same thing at the prison.   
"Don't pee on my rug, girl," April teased. It seemed to put Jill at
    ease. 
   
  The three girls surrounded Jill, each having an idea of what she should wear,
  and they began putting on and pulling off clothes for the next hour. Jill felt
  silly, never playing dress up, at least not as a grown woman. April also fixed
  Jill's makeup. When the women announced that they were happy, Jill looked at
  her reflection in the full-length mirror, on the bathroom door. She couldn't
  believe what the girls finally decided on, her jaw almost hit the floor. She
  was wearing a small black satin top that hugged her breasts, the outline of
  her nipples clearly defined. She had a black leather mini skirt that didn't
  even come down to middle of her thighs. Looking lower, she wore black knee
  high spiked boots, and of course they didn't give her any underwear. She started
  to strike different poses. It seemed like the only pose that didn't leave her
  exposed was standing straight up and down. She didn't think she could ever
  wear this outfit out in public. 
   
  Jill lifted her skirt and noticed her newly shaved pussy shining in the mirror.
  Looking around to see if the coast was clear, she took some time to examine
  it. Her pussy hadn't been this bare since puberty. She even spread her pussy
  lips apart, examining her inner pinkness. 
   
&quot;Nice, huh?&quot; April's voice purred. 
   
  Jill nearly jumped out of her skin. She didn't even notice that the bathroom
  had two doors, and she also felt the sting of being caught in such a naughty
  act. 
   
&quot;You scared me to death,&quot; Jill managed, her face flushed. 
   
&quot;It's a lot sexier to be cleanly shaved, huh? And just a little bit dirty
too,&quot; April said, moving over and pulling Jill's skirt up to enjoy her handy
work in the mirror. 
   
&quot;Please April, you're always teasing me,&quot; Jill moaned, pulling her
skirt down as far as it would go. 
   
&quot;C'mon Jill, it's time for your last lesson of the night. We don't want
to overload you too much for one night, &quot; April said, as she led Jill back
into the living room. 
   
  Jill was thinking it was to late for that. She could have never imagined that
  she would have been put through all this, when she had left her house earlier.
  She also wondered what was next.   
Jill noticed two kitchen chairs in the middle of the living room.
    Red was sitting in one of them. "At least she was finally dressed," she thought.
    She wore green hospital pants and a small tank top. 
   
&quot;Ok Jill, we are going to pretend that Red here is your husband and Candy
is a prison guard,&quot; April said, as Candy came into the room wearing a classic
police uniform, slapping a nightstick in her hand. The girls chuckled, even Jill.   
"April, where&hellip;?"  
"I used to work at a costume store," April quickly answered, reading
    Jill's face. 
   
  Candy moved closer. &quot;Ok, if you wanna see your husband I'm going to have
  to see some T and A,&quot; Candy said in a deep voice, which brought more chuckles,
  but not from Jill this time. 
   
&quot;You see how much easer this is going to be in this outfit,&quot; April
moaned, while Jill just nodded. 
   
&quot;C'mon girl, lets see those titties,&quot; Candy bellowed. 
   
&quot;What you want me to really do it?&quot; Jill cried out. 
   
&quot;If you want to see your husband, sweet cheeks,&quot; Candy said, as she
ran her nightstick over Jill's right breast. Jill batted it away. 
   
&quot;Believe me, you need the practice,&quot; April chirped. "Plus, we've all
seen you naked already, and you have a hot little body." 
   
  Jill blushed looking down, even though this was supposed to be practice, it
  felt a little too real as she lifted the bottom of her small shirt and rested
  it just over her breasts. 
   
&quot;Nice, I just love marshmallows,&quot; Candy purred, forgetting her deep
voice this time, as her nightstick returned to Jill's breast. &quot;That's the
T and now the A.&quot; 
   
  Jill trembled as she turned around and bent forward. She could tell by the
  looks on the other women's faces that they must be enjoying playing their little
  perverted game. She felt her skirt being lifted up in back, letting out a gasp
  when the skirt flipped inside out and gathered around her waist. "Please," was
  all Jill could manage, feeling the smooth stick brush against her pussy lips. 
    
&quot;Ok slut, you can see your jerk off of a husband now,&quot; Candy
    said. 
   
&quot;Honey,&quot; Red cried out, while standing up. &quot;Oh, you look so good,
and it's been so long,&quot; she said, trying to deepen her sexy voice. 
   
  Red moved over and hugged Jill, while running her hands up and down Jill's
  back, making sure they ran over her naked ass. Things were happing a little
  to fast for Jill to even protest. Red grabbed Jill's face and starting kissing
  her. Her kisses slow at first, and then proceeding to a full-blown make out
  session. It startled Jill at first since she had never been kissed by another
  women before, but she closed her eyes and pretended it was her husband, although
  her husband's lips were not nearly as soft as Red's were.  
   
  Jill was surprised again when Red's lips left her lips, but quickly found her
  nipple, sucking on it for several minutes. Jill figured she couldn't have stopped
  her even if she wanted to. She had to admit to herself that it felt pretty
  good, although the audience make her uneasy. 
   
&quot;Oh honey, you are making me so excited. I'm as hard as a rock,&quot; Red
oozed, as she guided Jill's hand to her crotch. 
   
&quot;What the fuck!&quot; Jill cried out, as she felt a large hard object in
Red's pants. She jumped back, forgetting about her spiked boots that were a little
too big for her, and crashed to the floor. 
   
&quot;You all right Jill?&quot; April said, as she helped Jill off the floor. &quot;I'm
sorry, I guess we forgot to tell you about the strap on dildo thing.&quot;  
   
  Jill looked over at Red who had her pants around her ankles and was rubbing
  a flesh colored dildo that was strapped between her legs. She also wore a sly
  smile on her face. "I told yeah, I was hard." 
   
&quot;Man, it scared the shit out of me&hellip;I never saw one of those before,&quot; Jill
gushed. 
   
&quot;Really! Big surprise there,&quot; April said sarcastically. 
   
&quot;W-w-what's it for?" Jill mumbled. 
   
&quot;Well, it's for a lot of things, but for right now, it's so we can pretend
that it's your husband's cock. You see, I think it's basic blowing lesson time,&quot; April
said, with a smile. 
   
&quot;You're kidding, right&hellip;? I'm not putting that thing in my mouth,&quot; Jill
barked, seeing that they were serious. 
   
&quot;For a married woman you sure have a penis phobia. Do you let your husband
put it in your pussy?&quot; April teased, while Jill just flashed her a dirty
look. 
   
&quot;All right, you remember how scared you were the first time you let a guy
slide his cock into your pussy?&quot; April said, patting her on the shoulder,
while Red continued to stoke her man made cock. 
   
&quot;Ah, yeah, it was my husband, well before he was, and he has been the only
one,&quot; Jill mumbled, her face burning. 
   
&quot;Really?&quot; April said, a little surprised at her admission. &quot;And
now you probably like it. Well sucking cock is the same thing. You're scared
to death the first time you do it, then it gets easier after that, and if you
learn really good, you can get men to do anything you want. Right girls?&quot; 
   
  Jill didn't know if she was buying it or not, but her logic seemed to make
  sense. She also knew deep down from the sounds of it, she wasn't going to make
  it eight years in the state prison, without ever having to do it, and she knew
  her husband would probably benefit.  
    
"Now, you wanna learn how to suck dick, or not?" April asked.  
Jill took a deep breath and nodded meekly.  
"Alright, then take off your clothes and get over here." April said, pulling
  her top off. Jill's jaw dropped noticing Candy stripping too. Jill shook her
  head, wondering how many times this was tonight, as she began to undress. When
  the three women were naked, April pushed Red onto the wooden chair, and pulled
  off her tank top. Candy dropped three pillows on the floor and Jill knew that
  one was for her. With the three women kneeling in front of Red, she watched
  as April went first, then Candy, and then it was Jill's turn. Jill closed her
  eyes and slowly took the toy dildo into her mouth, and the other three women
  broke into applause. The next time she went, Jill felt someone fondling her
  breast, but with her eyes closed she wasn't sure who was doing it, but they
  certainly had soft hands.  
For the next half hour, April and Candy showed Jill the basics. She
    still gagged here and there, but at least she didn't feel like puking, like
    she thought she would, and she even got a little more used to the girls fondling
    her breasts, while she sucked. 
   
&quot;But was she ready for the real thing?&quot; she asked herself. 
   
  When April finally announced that it was getting late, and that Jill had learned
  enough for one day, Jill felt relieved, plus her jaw was starting to ache.   
Jill and April cleaned up in the bathroom, where April suggested that
    they get ready for bed. April handed Jill a naughty nighty to wear. Jill
    followed April out of the bathroom, and she stopped dead in her tracks, at
    what she saw, on the couch. It looked like Red was fucking Candy from behind
    with the strap-on. 
   
&quot;And that's another use for it,&quot; April whispered, as she grabbed Jill's
hand. &quot;C'mon, let's let them play, and go to bed,&quot; she said, tearing
the stunned Jill away from the living room and headed for the bedroom. 
   
  Jill was still apprehensive as she climbed into bed with April with everything
  that had happened today.  
   
&quot;Don't worry, I won't bite&hellip;but I will lick, if you want?&quot; April
purred, stroking Jill's hair. 
   
  Jill's head was spinning, &quot;You mean, you want to lick my pussy?&quot; She
  finally managed. 
   
&quot;Wow, you're so precious,&quot; April purred. &quot;You better get your
sleep now, you've been through a lot today and you have a big day tomorrow,&quot; April
said, as she kissed Jill goodnight. 
   
  Jill closed her eyes. April finally said something that she totally agreed
  with. 
   
   The End...For now   
   
   Please, post your reviews.   
   
And thanks to all that have, it's much appreciated.   
Jill Kelly Goes to Prison CH. 3  
(It's Party time.)  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
Jill tossed and turned in her sleep all night long. She had just lived through
  a long and at times humiliating day and she knew she had another long one in
  front of her. She shifted between a light sleep and periods of being wide awake.
  When she did sleep, she seemed to only dream about April licking her pussy.
  She tried to interpret them, "What did this mean? Did she really want April
  to do it, or was she fearful that she would?"  
Jill was surprised when April woke her up and told her to hurry up and take
  a shower and get dressed. It felt like Jill hadn't slept at all, and she was
  having trouble separating reality from her dreams, because she could have sworn
  that April woke her up by licking her pussy.  
While Jill showered, April laid out her clothes from yesterday and also gave
  her some body lotion. After the shower, Jill saw that Red and Candy were in
  the kitchen, dressed in sexy attire.  
They helped Jill with her hair and makeup. Jill wondered why they took so
  long, but they said that they wanted her to look just right. Jill's mind kept
  wandering back to the vision of them using the strap-on, last night, but she
  didn't dare ask them about it.  
April bounced into the room and announced that she was ready and the four
  of them left for the prison. Candy rode on her Harley, while the other three
  women went in April's four by four. They arrived at the prison just after eleven.  
They checked in and sauntered into the waiting room and quickly noticed three
  older teenaged boys. The boys were sitting next to an older woman, who they
  guessed was their mom. The four women took some seats on the opposite side
  of the small room.  
"If their eyes get any wider, they're going to pop out of their head," April
  said with a giggle.  
"Shhh," Jill hissed.  
"Hey, I think the big one is looking up my dress," Red whispered.  
"Oh my god, close your legs," Jill whispered back, seeing that Red had her
  legs spread apart, with her ankles crossed, her small dress, riding up her
  thighs, and she knew that Red didn't have panties on, none of them did.  
Jill's leather skirt was just as short, but she used her hand and arm to
  block their view. She watched as Red put her arms behind her back and the back
  of Candy, who was sitting on her other side. This pulled her already tight
  dress even tighter and higher. Jill let out a small gasp when she saw the three
  boy's excited expressions.  
"C'mon Red, quit it!" Jill said, using her leg to push Red's leg over.  
"What, they want to look. I'm just giving them something to look at."  
While Jill tried her best to cover up, the other girls took their little
  turns in teasing the boys. It started with a move here, a move there. It seemed
  like they were trying to outdo each other. April even bent down to retie Candy's
  healed boot, giving the boys an eye full of her deep cleavage, while Red also
  bent over with straight legs, to help her retie the other one. Their teasing
  went on for ten minutes, until a guard came in and motioned for them to follow
  him.  
"C'mon boys," the older woman barked, as she slapped the oldest looking of
  the bunch on the back of the head, as he seemed reluctant to leave.  
"You girls should be ashamed of yourselves," she snarled, as she walked by,
  seemingly a little more aware then she appeared.  
Jill was mortified, but the other women all laughed when they left the room.  
"Relax Jill, we we're just having some fun teasing the boys." April said,
  with a hug. "I mean, there is not much to laugh about in here, so when you
  can&hellip;."  
After half an hour, the guard came back and motioned to the four women.  
"Hey dude, where's Sergeant Adams?" April asked.  
"It's Corrections Officer Lincoln," He snapped.  
"Sorry!" April moaned.  
"He's at his son's football game, if you must know, but the wardens around."  
April and Jill were led into the break room, while Red and Candy were told
  to continue to the processing room for their search, before they could see
  their husbands. Jill asked Officer Lincoln if they could all go together, but
  he just laughed and pushed her into the break room.  
"Why do we have to wait in here?" Jill asked April, while scanning the infamous
  break room that to her looked more like a bar room.  
"Jill just relax, Sergeant Adams isn't here today, so you lucked out. I think
  that guard is new, so just flip your skirt up and pull your top up and were
  should be all set," April said.  
"Oh yeah, no sweat," Jill said, sarcastically.  
Jill took a seat and tried not to think about it. Suddenly, the door opened
  and a hefty guard entered, followed by an older gentleman who walked with a
  cane.  
"Whatever happens&hellip;don't touch the warden's cane," April whispered
  into Jill's ear.  
Jill looked up at the warden, who was wearing a black three-piece suit. He
  was real old looking. She figured he was in his 70s or even 80s, but he still
  sent a shiver down her spine, just by the way he was gawking at them. Jill
  gulped, when he called the two of them over to the pool table and had them
  stand side by side, wishing that she was properly dressed. She also figured
  he wasn't interested in a game pool.  
"My name is Warden Johnson," the old man groaned, in a gravelly voice.  
"I've seen this one around before," he said pointing at April. "But you,
  you must be relatively new," he said, while pointing at Jill with his cane.  
The hefty guard cleared his throat. "This is Jill Kelly&hellip;her husband
  is prisoner 5689-ds. He's in for drug smuggling, 10-12 years," the hefty guard
  said, reading from a clipboard that he carried.  
"A god dammed drug smuggler," the warden said shaking his head. "You must
  be so proud."  
Jill looked down ashamed, only to have the warden's cane lift her head back
  up. He went on to tell them a rambling speech about the early years when he
  was in his prime. Jill got the sense that he had enjoyed his power and his
  years as the warden, and it seemed like the guards were following in his footsteps.  
"I still can't understand how some convict could have such a good looking
  woman," the warden growled, his eyes focus on Jill. "Hands up."  
Jill snapped her head to April, but she was looking to the floor. Jill's
  hands trembled, as she slowly lifted them over her head, unsure of as to why.  
"Higher, all the way," he ordered, and Jill cringed as she did, because she
  knew that only the swell of her breasts was keeping her small satin top in
  place, now. The warden used his cane to run it along Jill's shoulder and then
  down to her breast. Jill squirmed, but remembered April's warning. It was all
  Jill could do to not bat the cruel thing away as it circled over her nipple.
  The cane moved lower, and then moved quickly back up, the sheer material coming
  with it. Jill gasped, as her right breast came into view. The cane repeated
  its previous travel, this time exposing her left breast. The warden licked
  his lips. Jill's face felt sun burned from his hungry stare.  
The warden suddenly took a step back, and motioned for her to turn around,
  by swirling his cane in the air. Jill's legs felt numb as she did, while also
  pulling her top down. She leaned forward a bit and placed her hands on the
  pool table, when she felt the cane on her back. The cane traveled lower and
  lower. Jill felt it move under her skirt and lift up. She shuddered, as her
  skirt flipped inside out, longing for underwear. She felt the cane bang against
  the inside of her thighs, and knew the warden wanted her to "spread'em." She
  was mortified that the old warden would do this, but she moved her feet apart,
  knowing she was powerless to stop him. She also knew that he was now looking
  at her exposed pussy from behind. She felt the warden's cane pressing on her
  back, pushing her forward. She reluctantly leaned over and put her elbows on
  the pool table and arched her back. Tear drops began splashing down onto the
  table's felt covering.  
"That's a fine piece right there, eh?" the warden said, and his guard nodded,
  with a smile.  
The warden turned his attention to April, who after a quick inspection found
  herself by Jill's side, in the same bent over position. Jill noticed that April
  appeared to be just as mortified by the old man's actions as she was.  
Officer Lincoln came barging back into the room, gasping at the site before
  him.  
"I-it's, ah, like time for their search now," he stuttered.  
"As you can see, I already did that," the warden growled.  
"Yeah, beat it rookie," the hefty guard said.  
Officer Lincoln turned and left the room, sputtering.  
"Well, ladies, it was a pleasure," the warden said, and he also left the
  room.  
"Ok, what are you two doing? Fix your clothing," the hefty guard barked. "And
  follow me."  
Jill and April snapped up and adjusted their clothing, and then they followed
  the guard out of the room and down the hall.  
"Wow, was this our luck day," April said, and Jill was hoping she was being
  sarcastic, as she was still a little shaken from the warden's cane assault
  and she didn't feel lucky at all.  
Jill's husband was surprised to see her at first. They didn't even tell him
  she was coming, but he was definitely more surprised by the way she was dressed
  and the way her hair and makeup was done.  
"Wow, honey you look so...different," Jill's husband mumbled.  
"Oh, yeah. Do you like it?" Jill asked nervously, after the two had shared
  a long embrace.  
"Yeah, it's just, you know different," Bob managed, a little stunned at his
  wife's transformation. "And what's with the leather mini skirt?"  
"My new friend, April over there, has been helping me with my hair and makeup
  and other things," Jill said, looking over to April.  
They both noticed that April was already giving her husband oral sex.  
"That's your new friend!" Bob snapped. "My god!"  
"Ah-hah." Jill hummed, a little embarrassed.  
"Is she supposed to be doing that?" he whispered, not taking his eyes off
  April.  
Jill was really too nervous to answer. She just hugged him and tried to gather
  her strength. She looked down into his lap and noticed that his groin was stirring.  
"Honey, would you want me to do that to you?" Jill whispered into his ear.  
"What the fuck has gotten into you?" Bob fired back.  
"Please, don't be mad. It's just, I felt so bad leaving you excited last
  time, and I noticed that you were getting a little turned on, watching her
  do it," Jill said, as she stoked her husband's hair.  
"Well, it's just been so long," Bob moaned.  
"I know honey, that's why I'm making the offer. I would love to make love
  to you instead. I just don't know if they allow that in here," Jill said, while
  kissing Bob, and rubbing his crotch.  
"B-b-but.&hellip;" Bob stuttered, before being cut of by his wife's lips.  
"Trust me for once," she purred.  
"Ok, but just use your hand, they have cameras."  
"Oh," Jill moaned, as April didn't tell her that.  
"Yeah, I don't want my wife on tape doing that."  
"Ok, I guess."  
Jill spent some time kissing her husband before moving down his body. She
  slid off her chair, and knelt by his side. She tried to hide under the table
  as much as possible. She pulled her husband's erect cock out of his prison
  pants and began to stroke it. Her husband adjusted her grip and Jill started
  snapping her wrist back and forth. Her husband didn't last long. He groaned
  out and cum began oozing from the head of his cock. Jill scrunched her face,
  as the back of her hand was covered in cum. She used some paper towels that
  were on the table to clean off her hand and the front of her husband's pants.  
Jill talked to her husband for a while, and then the guard led their husbands
  away, and Jill and April cleaned up in the women's rest room. They giggled
  away like two schoolgirls as Jill told her story to April.  
"He only wanted a hand job, after all that practice!" April teased.  
When they were leaving the rest room the guard that wanted to search them
  earlier stopped them.  
"Hey, you aren't leaving yet. I enjoyed your little show, girl, but really,
  hiding under the table. Come into the break room and show me what you really
  wanted to do," he said, grabbing Jill by the arm.  
"Hey asshole, you're hurting me!" Jill cried out.  
"Yeah, back off&hellip;she's with me," April barked, as she freed Jill from
  the guard's grasp.  
"Yeah, well, Sergeant Adams ain't here to protect your sweet ass, so you
  can get in there too, you whore," the guard barked, as he blocked their path.  
"You'll get out of our way, rookie, if you know what's good for yah!" April
  shouted, and the two women stared the guard down.  
A voice boomed off the hall walls. "Hey Lincoln, is there a problem here?"  
The two girls saw the young deputy from their last visit, standing at the
  end of the hallway.  
"No, no problem&hellip;just having a little fun with the ladies," the guard
  said.  
"Right&hellip;girls come here," Duffy ordered.  
April gave the angry guard the finger, and then grabbed Jill's wrist and
  they scampered down the hall. As they chatted, Deputy Duffy walked the women
  out into the parking lot. They were glad that he had showed up when he did.
  Lucky, he had to drop off a convict that he caught leaving his work release
  detail. They stopped by his cruiser and April gave the young deputy her phone
  number and address.  
"What was that all about April?" Jill asked, as they walked over to April's
  truck.  
"C'mon Jill, haven't you learned that in there no good deed goes un-rewarded."  
Jill didn't even have time to think about that, noticing Red leaning against
  April's truck, and she was talking to one of the teenaged boys that they had
  teased earlier.  
"W-what's she up to?" Jill mumbled. April shrugged her shoulder and they
  made their way over to the truck.  
"Hey, what did you do to her?" April barked, noticing that Red was weeping.  
"P-please April, h-he didn't do anything," Red mumbled, trying to regain
  her composer. The young man seemed to panic. He ran off and hopped into a beat
  up sports car that sped off.  
April tried to try Red's tears. "Red, what the fucks going on?"  
"Please, let just go. I'll tell you on the way home," she moaned, and they
  all climbed into the truck.  
On the ride home, Red began explaining. "The young man was waiting for us
  at the door, and well, I was the first one out, although, I'm not sure what
  happened to Candy, but her bike was gone. Anyways, I asked him what he wanted,
  and well at first he thought we were all like strippers or more. I wasn't real
  surprised since the show we put on for them, but then he got all serious, and
  he had a hard time talking to me. He was even chocking up and all, so I knew
  it must have been serious."  
"Red, get to the point," April shouted.  
"Ok, he told me about his cousin, he was the skinny one with the dimples,
  and the ball hat. Well, he said he has this rare cancer, and the doctors' said
  that there wasn't much they could do for him."  
"Aw, that's terrible, but why did he want to tell us?" April asked, and Jill
  was thinking the same thing.  
"Well, ok, but don't laugh. Well tonight is his 19th birthday party and he
  wanted to know if we would come."  
"Really, cake and ice cream with mom and dad!" April said with a laugh.  
"I told you not to laugh. I was getting to it. He wanted to know if we would
  come and you know 'strip' for his cousin at the party?"  
"I hope you told him that we weren't strippers!" Jill gushed.  
"I did, and that's where the 'more' thing comes into effect. He said that
  while his cousin didn't really fear dying, well, he just didn't want to die
  a virgin," Red said, while bracing herself. The truck quickly erupted in a
  chorus of skepticism and criticism from the other women. Red had a feeling
  it was coming.  
"Let me finish!" Red screamed. "He said that they talked a girl they knew
  from school into doing it, but she backed out when her boyfriend found out.
  He said that the guy's older sister was even willing to do it, but they were
  trying to do anything to avoid that, for obvious reasons. He even showed me
  $247.00 that they raised to pay for that girl."  
"Red, tell me you didn't take it?" April barked. "Tell me you didn't."  
"Well, yeah," Red said, showing them the money, which was followed by more
  yelling from the women, which lasted until they finally got back to April's
  cabin.  
"I have to make a phone call. This sounds like the biggest BS story. I know
  someone who works at the hospital. Give me that!" April said, as she grabbed
  the paper away from Red that contained the name and address of where the party
  was being held.  
April made several phone calls, while Red and Jill nervously paced in the
  living room. Finally, April came into the living room, her eyes welled up.  
"I guess his story about his cousin checks out. Their parents have racked
  up a large hospital bill. My friend at the hospital even gave me the doctor's
  number, and when I finally got him, I said I was a relative, and he said that
  it was very rare and even though they were going to try, he just didn't&hellip;." April
  burst into tears and ran into her bathroom. Jill was shocked to see April so
  emotional.  
"Jill, I guess there is one thing you should know about April, now," Red
  whispered, and Jill looked up with dripping eyes. "April, lost both of her
  parents to cancer when she was younger."  
That was the last straw for Jill, and she also broke down. For the next couple
  of hours Red tried to comfort the women, although, April had locked herself
  in the bathroom, and Jill would just bat her away. Finally, the bathroom door
  swung open and April marched into the living room. "What are you two doing?
  Let's get ready, we have a birthday party to attend, and some stripping to
  do."  
Jill, with a shocked face, looked up at April.  
"What? Hey, if you don't want to go, there's the fucking door. Just don't
  ever fucking come back," April barked, before she marched into her bedroom.
  She quickly stuck her head back out, "Oh, and if one strips, we all strip."  
Red shrugged her shoulders and walked into the bedroom. Jill sat in stunned
  silence. She had experienced a lot in a short time, but this was too much.
  She raced to the door, but for several minutes, she stood still. She just couldn't
  open it. April had become her emotional idol. She just didn't think she could
  make it anymore without April in her life. She even laughed to herself nervously, "If
  I'm stripping with those two, who's going to be looking at me, and if the young
  man is going to pick one of us for sex, surely he wouldn't pick me."  
Jill poured herself a glass of wine and slowly walked over to the bedroom,
  and opened the door. April and Red, who were dressed only in sexy underwear,
  looked up and smiled, before they both rushed over and gave her a big hug,
  almost spilling her wine.  
After some time to regain their composer, April and Red announced that they
  were going to show Jill how to dress for the occasion. First, they dressed
  Jill in a sexy black bra and matching panties. Then they picket out a short
  black skirt and a white silk blouse, and stripper like high-heels. While Jill
  checked out her reflection, April and Red slipped sexy full-length gowns over
  their sexy underwear. They also grabbed sexy fur jackets. Jill wondered where
  April got all the nice clothing, as it seemed like more than costume clothing,
  but she figured this wasn't the time or place to ask, (but she also remembered
  that her husband was in prison for theft.)  
The women watched a movie to pass some time, while they all sipped on wine.  
After the movie, Red laughed. "Hey, too bad Pretty Woman wasn't on, eh?" She
  laughed alone. The women moved to the bathroom and worked on their hair and
  makeup. April finished by adding lip-gloss to their lips.  
"Ready Jill?" April asked.  
"I don't know. Look at you two, you look like glamorous showgirls, while
  I look like a slutty schoolgirl." The movie, and the overdone makeup, not calming
  her nerves any.  
"Yeah, who's on her way to her first day of school," Red teased.  
"I can't help it, I never&hellip;."  
"We know!" April and Red shouted in unison. April grabbed Jill's hand and
  headed for the door.  
The women followed the scribbled directions and pulled up to a large farmhouse.
  The house was well lit and there were several cars and trucks parked around.
  April spotted the beat up sports car climbing out of her truck.  
"Well, looks like this is it. Ok, fellow strippers, let's get ready to get
  naked," April said, as they approached the house. Jill wished she didn't just
  say that. The front door opened and the young man that Red talked with came
  running out.  
"Wow, thank god you girls really came. I told them you would, but they didn't
  believe me," he said excitingly. "This is going to be awesome."  
"Wow, slow down, Skippy," Red said.  
"Yeah, who did you tell?" April quickly asked.  
"Oh, I told Billy, that's my cousin, and his older sister Wendy, and I had
  to tell his parents, but that's it."  
"And his parents didn't have a problem with the whole stripping thing?" April
  asked skeptically.  
"First, they just said, Danny, that's me, you're full of shit like you always
  are, but finally they said under the circumstances it would be alright, if
  my story wasn't BS," he said, grabbing April by the hand. "Come on in."  
The three women entered the kitchen and stopped dead in their tracts. They
  had expected a room full of horny teenaged boys, but instead they had walked
  into a family party. There were people of all ages and different sexes, each
  one giving them quizzical looks.  
"We've died and gone to Goober Island," April whispered through clenched
  teeth.  
"Let's get outta here," Jill said, pulling on April's arm.  
"Oh, you must be Billy's school friends," an older woman said, approaching
  them.  
"Ah, yes, I-ah, guess," April mumbled, more than a little embarrassed, while
  she noticing that Danny was talking to Billy and then Billy's face lit up.  
"Here girls, help yourselves to some cake and ice cream," the older women
  said handing them some paper plates. The women looked at either other, and
  then they broke out laughing, remembering April's comments in the truck when
  she first heard of the party.  
April kept motioning for Danny to come back over and he finally got the hint.  
"Danny, I hope you don't think we are doing this here, in front of everyone," April
  warned.  
"Oh, no," Danny laughed. "I was thinking more like in Billy's room, and just
  for him, and well, if I could watch too, that'll be it."  
"Ok, now if you could show us up to his room. I mean this is more than a
  little uncomfortable for us," April said.  
"What, you don't like my aunt's cake either?" He laughed, although, he laughed
  alone.  
"Alright, follow me. Hopefully the party should be breaking up real soon," Danny
  said, and the women quickly followed.  
The three women nervously waited in Billy's bedroom, for the next half hour.
  Red took the time to explore the young man's room.  
"Look guys, a dirty magazine. Hustler, this is a sleazy one," Red said, flipping
  through the pages. "Hey, here is a picture of that other Jill Kelly. Wanna
  see Jill?"  
Jill shook her head, "I wish she was here though."  
"Look at the tits on her."  
"C'mon Red," Jill groaned, as she sat in nervous tension.  
Red continued her snooping. "Good, he has little boom box, and some CDs.
  I don't know how we forgot about music. Oh cool, he has that cool Motley Crue
  CD."  
April put her arm around Jill, "Relax Jill, after what happened at the prison
  this should be a piece of cake," April said, before she whispered into her
  ear. "We'll let Red go first, just watch her and I'll handle the sex thing." Jill
  nodded, while still not believing she was here.  
Finally, the bedroom door opened, and Danny walked in followed by a straight
  haired brunette.  
"Girls, this is Wendy&hellip;she's Billy's older sister."  
"I just want to thank you all&hellip;you don't know how much I want to thank
  you," she said, before the girls exchanged greetings. "And don't worry, my
  parents went out for drinks, and are staying over their friend's house for
  the night. Oh, and Billy's washing up&hellip;I don't think I've ever seen him
  this excited, thanks again, ladies."  
A couple minutes later, Billy entered the room. "Man, I didn't think they
  would ever leave."  
"Billy, happy birthday," Red purred, and she quickly gave him a light kiss
  on the cheek. "This is April and Jill, we are your birthday present from your
  cousin and sister and all of your friends."  
Danny clapped his hands and hugged his cousin. "I told yah, dude."  
Red grabbed Billy by the hand and sat him down on the bed against the far
  wall. She turned on the boom box and loaded in a CD. April and Jill stood off
  to the side, while Danny and his cousin Wendy settled onto the footlocker at
  the end of the bed. Jill was a little surprised at Wendy's presents.  
The boom box came alive and the sound of "Girls, Girls, Girls," filled the
  air and Red began her dance. After some basic dancing, she began slowly removing
  her gown, and then after more dancing, she slowly and teasingly shed her bra
  and panties, with enough style and grace to make any professional dancer proud.
  Jill tried to take mental notes as best she could, although, she didn't think
  she could do the bumping and grinding that Red did in her next song.  
Jill thought that Red probably would have danced all night, but April interrupted
  her and started her own dance. April didn't dance around like Red, instead
  she slowly peeled off her gown, and then moved between Billy's legs wearing
  only a sheer Cami and matching G-string. She began playing "peek a boob" with
  Billy. Showing him a little, and then covering back up. This went on for the
  entire song.  
The next song was a fast number, so April moved a little faster, but was
  still playing the teaser. She turned her back to Billy, and slipped off her
  top. Turning around, her little Cami in front of her, she had Billy bite the
  Cami and then she pulled away, revealing her large breasts to the room. Billy's
  cousin almost fell off the footstool trying to get a closer look.  
For the rest of the song she played with her breasts and nipples, even rubbing
  them over Billy's face. The next song came on and she got down on the floor
  and pulled her G-string off. She again played coy, using her hand and legs
  to slowly show more and more. Finally, she stood back up so her ass was right
  in front of Billy's face. She put her hands on her knees and gave Billy a face
  full of ass and pussy. The song ended and April moved over and grabbed Jill's
  hand. Everyone started clapping.  
The song playing was a slow number called, "Home Sweet Home." It couldn't
  have been any more ironic, because Jill wished for nothing more than to be
  home sweet home right now.  
Jill slowly started to move her hips back and forth. She felt like the eyes
  of the other five people were burning her skin, although, the fact that April
  and Red were already naked, helped. She stared to fumble with the buttons on
  her blouse. She locked eyes with April, who moved over and sat next to Billy,
  and it seemed to make it a little easier. She handed her blouse to April, followed
  by her skirt, leaving her in her sexy underwear and high heels. Out of the
  corner of her eyes, Jill noticed that Red was whispering into Danny's ear,
  and then they left the room with Wendy in tow as the music stopped.  
"Well, it looks like it's just the three of us," April said, before she added. "Billy,
  do you want to take her bra and panties off?"  
"Can I!" Bill cried, as he leapt off the bed and turned off the music.  
Jill was a little surprised, but in a weird way it was a little easier this
  way. She felt Billy fumble with her bra clasp. Her breasts were shaking around
  as he tugged on the straps. April and Jill shared a small giggle. Finally,
  Billy had the bra off, and he quickly pulled her panties down, before sitting
  back on the bed.  
"Wow, that was fun!"  
"Hot, huh? She doesn't think her body is all that special,&quot; April said,
  as she pulled Jill closer and rubbed her stomach.  
"Hot, she's smoking, really. I'm sorry you both are," Billy said, before
  he mumbled. "I mean&hellip;you're both p-pretty."  
"Oh, that's sweet," April said, as she took Billy's wrist and brought his
  hand up to Jill's breast. Jill's eyes flew open and she gasped. He started
  roughly squeezing it, which caused Jill to wince.  
"No, a little softer, like this," April said, as she reached up and caressed
  Jill's other breast, a sly smile on her face. Billy tried to copy her actions.
  Jill could hardly breath.  
"This is neat!" Billy gushed.  
"Yeah, it is," April said, before she spun Jill around and pushed on her
  back. "And this is her back view."  
"Oh, god!" Jill gasped, when she felt two hands clamp down on her ass cheeks.
  When she felt her ass cheeks being pulled apart she knew they were looking
  at her pussy as well. She could also hear April whispering.  
Never in her life did Jill ever think she would be used as some sort of anatomical
  model for a young virgin. She had to keep reminding herself of the special
  circumstances, but it didn't stop a tear from splashing onto the floor.  
"Billy, have you ever had a blowjob?" April whispered.  
He looked at April like she just slapped him in the face. "Where is my cousin?
  What the fuck is going on?" He screamed.  
"Relax Billy,&quot; April said. Jill picked up her blouse and covered herself,
  as his sudden outburst frightened her.  
"Danny said he had a stripper for my birthday and now you're talking about
  blowjobs. He told you I was sick, didn't he? And worse, he told you I was a
  virgin, too."  
"Please Billy, I didn't mean to upset you," April said, stroking his shaved
  head.  
"I'm not upset. I'm just a little embarrassed. I mean, I'm nineteen and still
  a virgin. I guess I always thought I would lose it to someone who liked me," he
  said timidly.  
"Oh, Billy, I like you, I would have left by now if I didn't," April purred.  
"Really? Oh you're just saying that."  
"No, really, plus I get something out of it too."  
"What, money?"  
"No, I'm thirty five years old. I don't get to show many young men the joys
  of sex anymore. I mean, pretty soon I'll be a old hag, and a young stud like
  yourself wouldn't want me anymore," April said, rubbing his shoulder. "Maybe
  we'll skip the blowjob, you know, if you can't."  
"I can!" Billy cried out. "It's just&hellip;baggy pants."  
"Oh, I see," April said, and she pulled him closer.  
"I guess I'm a little scared&hellip;. You're so sexy."  
"Don't be," April said lifting his chin. "Will you let me be your first?"  
Jill watched as they embraced, a small tear rolling down her cheek.  
"Jill, get the condoms from my purse," April whispered. Jill noticed that
  her hand was rubbing his crotch.  
Jill found the package of condoms and brought them over. Jill gasped, noticing
  that Billy's pants were on the floor and his cock was pointing to the ceiling. "I
  guess he can," Jill thought, with a blush.  
Jill watched awkwardly, as April put a condom on the young man. April guided
  him into the missionary position, and Jill sat on the bed next to them, watching
  as the young man lost his virginity.  
"I'm sorry," Billy mumbled, after a couple of thrusts.  
"That's alright, really. I'll let you in on a little secret, guys never last
  long the first time, but it's still early and we still have a box of condoms," April
  said, as she caressed the young man's face. Jill stood up and started to dress.  
April left and got a warm washcloth from the bathroom across the hall. She
  helped clean up Billy, and in the process he became hard again, so she rolled
  on another condom.  
"Would you like to do it with her this time?" April asked, pulling Jill over.
  Billy's face lit up, while Jill was stunned with the question. She really hadn't
  planned on having sex with the young man. She just couldn't verbalize her reasons
  for not doing so, as she looked into his pleading eyes, while April stripped
  off Jill's bra and panties. Jill was naked once again.  
April helped her lie back on the bed and Billy climbed on top of her. She
  moaned when she felt his hard cock penetrate her. Jill flooded with a mixture
  of emotions, as he started pumping away.  
Jill even started talking to herself. "Wow, it's been along time since I
  made love. But I wanted it to be with my husband. Oh my god, my husband. But
  I have an excuse. Oh, it's a bad one. I'm mean, I feel bad for the young man,
  but he had already had sex with April. Geez, he's getting the hang of this."  
April began running her fingers through Jill's hair, as Billy was indeed
  getting the hang of it. His thrusts were deeper and more confident. Jill closed
  her eyes and tried to enjoy the intimacy of the moment. She was surprised that
  he was holding out, and then she felt Billy's body become rigged and all of
  his body weight crashed on top of her. April and Jill giggled, and he rolled
  off to her side.  
April leaned forward and planted a soft kiss on Jill's lips. When April tried
  to pull away, Jill reached up and pulled her back. It was if she just needed
  April at that moment. She yearned to be kissed, held, and worshiped. April's
  lips melted into hers, and then their tongue's explored each other mouths.
  April's hands started roaming over Jill's body. The two women became lost in
  a lust filled moment, completely forgetting about Billy. Audible moans escaping
  from Jill's lips, as April's skilled fingers found Jill's aroused pussy. So
  skilled, that Jill became caught up in a series of powerful orgasms, in no
  time, almost bringing her to tears. April stroked her hair, as she gave her
  time to recover.  
"Wow, Jill that was hot," April said, and it was the last thing Jill heard,
  as she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep, the events of the day, catching
  up to her.  
"Wow, that was amazing," Billy said, and his voice startled April. "Oh, sorry."  
"That's ok, it was. Ah, Billy, how about that blowjob now?" April whispered
  into Bill's ear.  
"Really!"  
"Shhh."  
They carefully climbed out of the bed, and slid onto the other bed located
  on the opposite side of the room.  
"Whose bed is this?" April asked.  
"My brothers. He's in that prison we saw you at."  
April nodded, putting the pieces together. "Wait, there was another guy&hellip;?"  
"Yeah, that was my other brother, he moved out. We don't like him much. Can
  we get back to what we were doing?"  
April laughed, noticing his hardon. "Sorry, ok, just so you know Billy, I
  will do anything you want tonight. Just tell me what to do, you're in charge,
  but don't be mean, and after tonight, you will never see us again," April said,
  as she stroked his face. "Understand?"  
Billy nodded his head, although slightly confused, but not confused enough
  to blow an offer of a lifetime. He started by asking her to, "Suck his dick," since
  she had already offered, and he had her swallow. Then he had April fuck him,
  finishing by coming on her tits. Next, he watched as she masturbated. He eventually
  joined in and licked her pussy. After another blowjob that ended in a facial,
  they took a shower together. After he dried her off, he covered her from head
  to toe in baby oil. He used the lubrication to finger her asshole, before finally
  fucking it. Each act was separated by periods of talk. Billy seemed most interested
  in April's sex life.  
April was amused by his last request as dawn approached. He wanted her to
  call his best friend and talk dirty to him. She figured he just wanted proof
  of their evening, so she made the call. She also gave him Jill's panties and
  bra as more proof.  
At daybreak, April woke Jill up, as she had managed to sleep through the
  night. April also found Red in Billy's sister's room. After they dressed, they
  crept down the stairs, not before slipping a birthday card that they all signed
  under a sleeping Billy's pillow. They also put the $247.00 in cash into the
  envelope, while April included a little note, "Billy, hope you never forget
  your nineteenth birthday. I know I never will. Hope you had the time of your
  life, kid!"  
The End.  
Thanks for reading my story. Hope it was worth your time.  
Please post your reviews.  
Jill Kelly Goes To Prison Ch. 4  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
Jill drove the truck back to April's house and helped April and Red into
  bed, as the two women were groggy from the night's events. She drove her car
  back to Connecticut and crashed herself.  
It was a long week at the bookstore. Work seemed so mundane now compared
  to the sexual escapades that her trips north had become. The next week was
  no quicker. She was also surprised at how much she missed April.  
She drove back up to Vermont on Friday night for the next meeting. Jill was
  still little apprehensive when she first arrived, because she still hadn't
  talked to April about the sexual romp on Billy's bed.  
Jill entered April's house and noticed the women were already drinking. The
  lights were turned down and there were tons of candles burning, soft music
  played in the background.  
"Jill, you're just in time. April was going to tell us about that birthday
  party," Candy said, greeting Jill with a glass of wine.  
Jill scanned the room. All the women were there: Beth, Candy, Red, and April.
  She also noticed they were all dressed in sexy lingerie.  
"Jill, go in the bedroom and put on some lingerie, and join us," April said,
  while hugging Jill, and then she kissed her on the forehead, easing Jill's
  fears.  
Jill went into the bedroom and found a pile of lingerie on the bed. She fished
  through them, trying to find one that wasn't too reveling, unfortunately most
  of them where. She finally picked out a black mesh camisole with spaghetti
  straps, and a black G-string.  
"Here we go again," she said to herself, as she saw her reflection in the
  mirror. "I've been here, like five minutes, and I'm already next to naked."  
Jill walked into the living room to a chorus of hoots and hollers from the
  other women.  
"April, where did you get all the...?" Jill started mumbling, before being
  cut off by April.  
"I stole it!"  
"C'mon April," Red said with a laugh. "She's just playing with yah Jill.
  We did a lingerie show last weekend, and we both got to keep some of the stuff
  instead of money&hellip;of course, we might've took a little too much."  
Candy poured more wine into Jill's glass. "April, let's hear your story now
  that Jill's here."  
"Well, where was I? Oh yeah, I told you about Red dancing and about how I
  went next. Ok, so then I grabbed Jill by the wrist and she started dancing
  for the guy. Remember Jill?" April said.  
Jill nodded, as she took a seat on the floor next to the coffee table, just
  in front of April, who was in her recliner, while the other three women settled
  in on the couch.  
"She started to unbutton her blouse. I don't even know how she even did it,
  her hands were shaking so much," April said, which brought out some giggles.  
"April, do we really need to hear this?" an embarrassed Jill moaned.  
Candy threw a pillow at her. "Hey, some of us weren't there. I can't believe
  you guys didn't call me. I love cake and ice cream," Candy said, and more giggling
  followed.  
"Ok, so she is down to her bra and panties and is just standing there when
  the music stopped. I see Red take the other guy and that girl out of the room," April
  said, turning to Red.  
"Yeah, I thought Jill might wet her panties," Red said. "So I figured I would
  help her out. Plus, that girl was rubbing my naked ass and purring like a cat
  in heat."  
"Let me finish Red and then tell your side. I want to hear about what went
  on in her room too," April said with a laugh. "Now, so after they leave Jill
  is just standing there shaking, and I asked Billy if he wanted to take off
  Jill's bra and panties, and he springs up like a bullfrog. He starts tugging
  at Jill's bra, trying to unsnap it, and he's like tugging and tugging. Jill's
  hooters are bouncing all around&hellip;it was pretty funny. Then he finally
  gets it undone and drops it on the floor, and then he pulled her panties down
  in about a second flat, and then he sits back down leaving Jill just standing
  there butt naked."  
Jill felt her face flush as April told her story. She also knew where it
  was going.  
"So I grab his hand and bring it up to Jill's tit, and she like freaking.
  He starts squeezing away, like he's testing grapefruit. I had to show him how
  of course, or Jill would be minus a titty right about now. Well, I look at
  Jill as we're both feeling her up, and she has her eyes closed as tight as
  she could, and her face was as red&hellip;. Well, I figured we better move
  on, so then we had to check out her cute little ass next, of course, he was
  more interested in her pretty little pussy."  
"Man, Jill how did that feel?" Red asked.  
"Like I need some more wine," Jill blushed.  
"Then, I wanted to move on, for poor Jill's sake, so I ask him if he wants
  a blowjob."  
"No saaa," Candy hissed.  
"Oh, yeah, and wow, did he freak. I was so embarrassed&hellip;me and my big
  mouth. I know I shouldn't have asked. I should have just done it. I didn't
  know that his cousin didn't tell him that we would do more then just strip
  for him. So finally, somehow, we get him calmed down, and get him dressed for
  action. Then he climbs on top of me. He was so sweet, he was fumbling around
  at first, like the virgin he was, so I guided him into me and his face lights
  up like a Christmas tree, and then he pumps a few times and he's done."  
"Sounds like my husband!" Candy cried out, and the room filled with laughter.  
"I got a wash cloth and started to clean him up and well, we have lift off.
  Ah, the joys of youth. Anyways, I put on another condom and ask him if he wants
  to do Jill next, and if you could have seen her face."  
"You didn't even ask me!" Jill cried out.  
"If I did, what would have you said?"  
"Nooo," Jill moaned.  
"That's what I figured. Believe me Jill, if someone needed to get laid at
  that point it was you," April said, and the women giggled. "So he climbs on
  and Jill had her eyes closed again. Billy lasted a lot longer this time. Jill
  seemed to like it after she finally relaxed, and then when he was done again,
  and then&hellip;!"  
"Please April," Jill interrupted, as she knew what was next.  
"Jill, there is nothing to be embarrassed about, it was pretty hot."  
"What happened?" "Yeah, tell us." Shouts of encouragement filled the room.  
"Alrght, alright, well after Billy rolled off, Jill looked so sweet. I just
  went to kiss her and tell her that I would take it from here, but she kissed
  me back harder and stronger than I've ever been kissed before, and she even
  grabbed my hair, and well it was pretty powerful. I started some heavy petting,
  I knew that she probably just wanted or maybe just needed to cum, and well
  if there is one thing I can do&hellip;."  
"That's for sure," Red purred. "So Jill how was it?"  
Jill was more than a little embarrassed, as she knew that she liked it, and
  that still scared her a little bit. She just took a big gulp of wine.  
"So anyways, Jill was all foggy and then she went night, night," April said.  
"Man, again sounds just like my husband!" Candy chuckled.  
"So moving along, me and Billy jumped into his brother's bed, who ironically
  enough was in prison and if he wasn't this whole thing wouldn't have happened.  
"Anyways, I looked him in the eyes and told him that I would do whatever
    he wanted for the night. I was his to use at will." 
    
"You didn't April! Oh girl, you are so bad!" Red cried out.  
"Yeah, what a birthday present. So what did he want?" Candy asked, with excitement
  in her tone.  
"Well, at first, he must have thought I was crazy, because he just sat there.
  Then he groans, 'Please suck my dick.' It was so funny. It was like he was
  testing his new found powers," April said, leaning forward in her chair. "So
  I pushed him back and I take his dick in my mouth, and just kind of swirled
  my tongue around a little. I moved my body around so he could play if he wanted,
  and his hand goes right for a tit. I start really sucking him now, he says
  one word 'swallow', and I know it's coming, and I do.  
"After I wash my mouth out, we talk for a while, and then he wanted me to
  fuck him. While he wasn't lasting that long, he had little down time. Well
  anyways, so I climb on top of him, that was interesting, he kept slipping out,
  so basically, I milked him with my pussy muscles. I think he just wanted to
  see my tits bounce around anyways. Well, he came again, this time on my tits,
  and it's clean up time again. I thought that might be it, I mean I didn't want
  to kill the dude, but then he said he wanted to watch me play with myself."  
"Wow, he didn't?" Candy cried out. "What happened?"  
"I followed his order. It was like he was trying to pack all his fantasies
  into one night. Lets see, first I started by touching my breasts like this," April
  moaned, as she pulled off her baby doll top, and caressed her breasts.  
"I even licked my nipples&hellip;guys love that," April moaned, and the women
  watched, as she licked her right nipple.  
"They aren't the only ones," Red purred. "Wow, I wish I could do that."  
"So then I slowly moved a hand down my body," April continued, as she also
  continued to demonstrate. "And of course I was already naked, so I think I'll
  just take these off.  
April slipped her G-string off and sat back down and put her legs over the
  arms of the recliner.  
"So then I started rubbing my pussy like this. Jesus, his eyes were wide
  as saucers, just like they were when we saw them at the prison. I saw that
  he was totally focused on my pussy probing now, so I brought my other hand
  down and spread my pussy lips for him. I pulled them as far as they would go,
  like this."  
Jill looked around the group. They even seemed a little surprised that April
  would expose herself to the group like this, judging by their stunned looks
  and dead silence.  
"I saw him leaning forward for a closer look. I started to put a finger or
  two into my pussy, like this, trying to open myself up for him even more. I
  just loved looking at his face. I knew that this was the first and maybe his
  only live pussy. His expression was priceless."  
The group of women watched as April continued to add more and more ferocity
  to her finger fucking. Jill was really feeling uncomfortable. She wanted to
  yell at April to "stop it", but was hoping one of the other women would instead.  
"It was so cool. He started leaning even closer like he was trying to smell
  me, but then he flicked his tongue out, so I knew that he wanted to taste me.
  I stopped my finger fucking, but still left myself spread for him, and he started
  lapping me like a puppy. It was so funny, and precious at the same time," April
  said, as she suddenly stopped. "Candy, would you do me a favor and play the
  Billy role and I will show you what he did?"  
Jill gasped at the request. Even Candy seemed to have a problem with it,
  as she was shaking her head. But April snapped her fingers and Candy slowly
  dropped to the floor and pushed the coffee table out of the way, and crawled
  over to April. She even slipped her silk teddy over her head, per April's request,
  and joined April in the totally naked department.  
"Ok, Candy, start simply licking my pussy up and down, like a snow cone.
  Yeah that's it, that's what he was doing, so I figured I'd let him experiment
  a little, and he was licking me all over real sloppily." April moaned, as Candy
  copied her words.  
Jill moved over to the couch, as she felt strange sitting so close to the
  action, although, she was now sitting next to Red, who always made her uncomfortable.  
"So I take my hand away and put them on his head, so I can guide him around.
  At first he was fighting me and then finally he got the hint, and followed
  my lead. I had him lick just around my clit, like I like it, in small circles.
  Yeah Billy, just like that!" April said, her voice trembling.  
"Yes! Yes, I was moaning. Owww.., just like that Candy, I mean Billy. Then
  he stopped, and we fucked, but if you stop Candy, I will kill yah."  
Jill, Beth and Red watched from the couch, as Candy was slowly moving her
  head in small circles. Audible moans escaping from April's lips. April suddenly
  grabbed Candy's head and trusted her hips forward, grinding against Candy's
  face.  
"Man! Oh yeah! Yeah!" April screamed out in ecstasy. "Oh. Wow! Owww."  
April finally brought Candy's face up to hers, but Candy just broke away.  
"Fucking bitch!" Candy snarled, her face glistening with pussy juices.  
"Oh, I'm sorry," April said. "Honey, really&hellip;I guess I got a little
  carried away,"  
"No shit!" Candy hissed.  
"C'mon, let's get you cleaned up," April said, as she led Candy into the
  bathroom.  
"Wow, that was hot!" Red cried, as she looked at Beth  
"Hey, don't look at me, you know I just like to watch," Beth said, and she
  left saying something about needing another drink.  
"Ah yeah, a drink sounds good to me too," Jill mumbled, following Beth, as
  she was scared to be left alone with Red, too.  
"C'mon, who is going to eat my pussy?" Red cried out. "Fuck, where is April's
  frigging vibrator?" She said, as she bounced into April's bedroom.  
Beth and Jill had a brief conversation about Beth's kids, before Beth had
  to leave to relieve the babysitter, leaving Jill to her wine. A couple of minutes
  later Jill was startled by a knock at the front door. She threw on a sweet
  shirt that was hanging on the back of the door, and was even more startled
  when she opened it up. Standing on the porch, holding a twelve pack of Budweiser
  and a couple of pizzas, was the young deputy, who had become more of a prominent
  fixture in her life recently then she would have liked. She reluctantly let
  the young man, who was dressed in a pair of black jeans and a University of
  Vermont T- shirt, looking unbelievably less imposing to her than he did in
  uniform, into the house.  
While Jill was surprised by his invasion of their meeting, she was even more
  surprised when April and Candy bounced into the kitchen, wrapped in towels,
  like they didn't even notice him.  
"Pizza," they cried out, quickly grabbing some. As did Red when she entered
  the kitchen, wearing a short white robe. It was quickly apparent to Jill that
  the young man's appearance was a surprise only to her, as they all chatted
  away about food and their favorite restaurants.  
&quot;Nice sweatshirt Jill,&quot; April teased with a wink, as she walked
  by. Jill looked down at the shirt. It had the words "Pussy Power" written in
  big pink letters.  
"I couldn't have picked the one that had Mickey Mouse on the front," she
  thought, spotting another one, hanging on the door.  
April and Candy returned to the kitchen wearing oversized T-shirts. It wasn't
  long before the conservation turned back to the birthday party. Jill wanted
  to crawl up and die when April repeated her story from earlier, only this time
  to the young deputy, who kept flashing Jill surprised looks.  
When April finished her story, the whole group moved into the living room
  and it was Red's turn to tell her story.  
"Well here goes, as soon as I hit Wendy's bed, she dives in between my legs,
  and I thought I got horny. Danny also crawled on the bed and started sucking
  my tits&hellip;biting my nipples. It didn't take long for me to cum. Let me
  tell yah, that Wendy girl knew what she was doing." Red said, and then she
  giggled. "I'd marry her tongue."  
Jill was trying her best not to think about the young deputy, as Red was
  telling her story, but she couldn't believe that Red could talk about sex so
  freely with him here. She still viewed him as the enemy.  
&quot;So then I find myself on my hands and knees. Danny moves over
    and thrusts his smallish cock into my mouth, while Wendy was playing with
    my backside. Next, something rather large enters me from behind. I freaked
    for a second, but when I looked back, Wendy had a sly grin on her face. You
    see, she was fucking me with a big black dildo.&quot; Red moaned. &quot;Then,
    after more sucking and more dildo fucking, I felt Danny pulling back on my
    hair. I was kind of surprised that he didn't want to cum in my mouth, but
    they had other plans. I felt Wendy squirt some cool lotion on my anus, and
    their plans were soon uncovered. Wendy started fingering my asshole, and
    then Danny took over. I was thankful that he wasn't really hung, because
    he was soon butt fucking me like there was no tomorrow, and I wasn't really
    ready for it yet.&quot;  
   
  Jill noticed the room was eerily quiet during Red's story. "Maybe the others
  were embarrassed by Red's story as well," she thought.  
   
&quot;After we all cleaned up, Danny said he wanted to watch me eat out Wendy's
pussy. While I wasn't really surprised by this request, Wendy was. She was protesting
and then it kind of hit me that so far she had been fully dressed. And, about
them being cousins and all. It was kind of funny. It seemed Danny had been begging
to see his cousin naked for some time now, and well, he was using me as his opportunity
He had me tell her how much I wanted to and how good I was and all that. I really
was more turned on by the whole bargaining thing.&quot; 
   
  Jill noticed the deputy move to the edge of his seat, glued to Red's story,
  now. 
   
&quot;Finally, I threw her on the bed. After we made out, I slid down her body
and lifted her skirt and just pushed her panties to the side. I figured I'd tease
Danny, who was looking over my shoulder, a little. I wasn't surprised that she
was dripping wet, and shaved clean. I started licking away. Wendy was starting
to get into it. I'm surprised you guys didn't hear her. Well, Danny used this
to his advantage again. He goes over and pulls her shirt over her head. Wendy
protested, and more followed, when he leaned down and starting sucking on her
pink nipples. I'm sure he was biting them as well, as she was crying out now
and then.&quot; Red continued her story, pausing only to take a sip of beer. 
   
&quot;When Danny had enough of this position, he flipped Wendy over on her hands
and knees. He grabbed her skirt and pulled it up to her stomach and then he yanked
her panties down. They were off before Wendy even knew what hit her. He took
some time pulling her ass cheeks apart, exploring her bare assets. Her pussy
was a deep pink, like April's&hellip;ah, sorry. Well, he grabbed my hair and
before I knew it, I was licking her anus. I guess that was his thing, maybe Wendy's
as well, as she was now totally into it, moaning and groaning away.&quot;  
   
  When Red paused for a sip, the room was stone cold quiet. Jill swore she could
  hear her heart beating. 
   
&quot;Well, the bed shifted and I could hear her muffled cries. When I looked
up I could see that Danny had his cock in her mouth. He had a good hold of her
hair, trying to face fuck her. I remember he told her that if she did a good
job he wouldn't fuck her ass. He dragged her body, so her head was hanging back
off the bed and starts fucking her face again. He also ordered me back to work.
He was definitely flirting with that line between being forceful and being downright
cruel. I'll admit though, it turned me on, and soon I was giving Wendy the tonguing
of her life. Pussy, ass, it didn't matter at this point. She starts this bucking
and shaking. I had to hold her in place, she was wild. 
   
&quot;When Danny was almost ready to burst, he had us both lie down. Wendy facing
one way, me the other, but our heads side by side, and when he climbed on the
bed and straddled my head, I knew what he had planned. Wendy started to protest,
but it was too late. Danny erupted. For a small cock, he spewed a lot of cum,
or maybe it just seems that way when it's splashing all over your face. 
   
&quot;I felt a little bad for Wendy now, looking at her sour face, and I helped
her into the shower. We washed up and talked. I found out that she likes women
sexually, but loved her cousin. She loved him so much that she wasn't even mad
at him for taking advantage of her. Danny even joined us in the shower, and they
acted like they were young lovers once again, go figure. I even felt left out
and returned to her room and went to bed. I slept ok, except for when Danny climbed
on me and tapped my ass again. I felt like I was just getting back to sleep when
April came in and got me.&quot; 
   
&quot;Wow, Red, that was some story!&quot; Candy cried out. 
   
"Yeah, someone seemed to enjoy it," Red said, and it seemed like the whole room
also turned their attention to the deputy, still sitting on the edge of his seat. 
   
&quot;Do we have a little problem there, Mr. Deputy?&quot; Red asked, and the
women giggled, as they noticed him shifting, trying to adjust the bulge in his
pants. Jill even giggled, happy that for once that it was the deputy's turn to
feel a little embarrassment.   
The End  
Thanks for reading my story  
Please post your reviews.  
Jill Kelly Goes to Prison Ch.5  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
"Jill, why don't you go to the fridge and get the deputy another beer. He
  looks like he could use it," Red teased.  
"He looks like he could use a cold shower!" Candy cried, and the women all
  giggled. The deputy bit his tongue, thinking about that line about, he who
  laughs&hellip;.  
Jill, with a huff, went to the fridge and got the beer.  
"I guess you all want to know why the deputy is really here." Jill heard
  April say when she returned. "Well ever since I saw the deputy in prison that
  day, and gave him my number, we've been talking on the phone about the one
  thing I know we all want."  
"He's gunna get our men out," Candy cried out.  
"I'm good, but not that good," the deputy said, cracking open the beer.  
"No, but he gunna pull some strings and get us one hour with our man&hellip;no
  guards&hellip;no one watching."  
"Someone's always watching," Candy said, skeptically.  
"Not in the break room, that's deep in the prison. No one uses it, so there
  aren't any cameras, and the guard will be outside the door," the deputy said.  
"C'mon girls, how cool would it be to have one hour alone, and just think
  how our men will feel," April said.  
The women all looked at each other and then started hugging. It is what they
  all wanted since their husbands were incarcerated. It was the next best thing
  to having them come home.  
"Wait a minute, why?" Candy said, interrupting the celebration.  
"Why, what?" April asked.  
"No, why would the deputy do that for us? We know that conjugal visits aren't
  allowed," Candy said, as she looked at the deputy and the rest of the women
  followed. The deputy sat back and took a sip of beer. It was now time&hellip;time
  to see if they wanted to play.  
"I could say because I'm a nice guy, but we know that's not why," the deputy
  started. "Well, when April first asked me for this, I thought, you know, April
  knows how things work. If I do something for her, well, she does something
  for me. So I looked into it and well it was going to take some doings, but
  I could pull it off, since I know enough people."  
"Yeah, but I also thought of my girls as well," April interrupted.  
"Yeah, she had to do some convincing on that one. I mean, one convict free
  pass was one thing, but three more," the deputy said.  
"Hey, what about Beth?" Jill moaned, doing the math.  
"Beth, well her hubby should be out in a month or two," April said, before
  she reminded them. "He really is going to have to stick his neck out for us,
  if we are going to do this."  
"Why wouldn't we do this?" An excited Red spat. Jill and Candy also seemed
  to be waiting for the answer, as April and the deputy were exchanging glances.  
"Because you have to pass a little test," the deputy finally moaned.  
"What test?" "C'mon," "What the...?" Candy cried, and the other women soon
  followed.  
"Hey, settle down," April cried out.  
"It's a test, to prove to me that you are worth sticking my neck out for," the
  deputy said sternly.  
"We're not going to like it are we? All you pigs are the same!" Candy barked
  out, as she couldn't hide her true feelings for the deputy any longer.  
"Well, I can see I wore out my welcome," the deputy said, as he rose to leave.  
"Candy, shut the fuck up!" Red cried out, and she hopped up and grabbed the
  deputy by the arm. "Please at least tell us about the test. My old man has
  three more years."  
"It's not really a test, but more of a challenge. If you pass, we win and
  if you fail, then the deputy wins," April said quickly.  
"I'll grab another beer and I'll wait in the kitchen. You talk it over. If
  you don't want my help, no biggie," the deputy said, before he walked into
  the kitchen.  
"April, why the fuck did you invite him here?" Candy whined, which Jill was
  surprised at, as she had acted like she was comfortable with his presence all
  along.  
"You guys aren't looking at the bigger picture&hellip;the prize if we win," April
  whispered.  
"We thank you for that, but as much as I want to be intimate with my husband,
  I know when you tell us what we have to do, I'm gunna want to kill you again,
  ain't I?" Candy said, shaking her head.  
"C'mon Candy, let's give her a break for a sec. Go on tell us April," Red
  said.  
"Well, it's p-pretty simple," April mumbled, as she could feel the heat from
  the other women's stare. "You have five minutes."  
"Five minutes to what?" Candy barked.  
"Well, to ah...hummm," April murmured. "To get the deputy, up and down."  
"Fuck, April!" Candy cried out. Red also threw a pillow at her.  
"Ok, now you can kill her, Candy!" Red screamed.  
"What guys?" Jill said, as she was a little confused.  
"Up and down, is prison slang for getting someone off. You know, making someone
  cum," Candy snarled.  
"We have five minutes to make the deputy cum," Red said, as even she wasn't
  happy with it. "And he's probably a limp dick."  
Jill sat, her mouth agape. April had to know how much distain she had for
  the deputy. After all, she was there the day they first met. She knew their
  history. Surely she must understand.  
"April," Jill moaned.  
"Look, there is three of you and one of him," April tried to explain.  
"Three of us, what about you," Candy interrupted.  
"I...um.&hellip;"  
"You fucking slut!" Candy cried out.  
"Look, you know how it is. He did a favor, so I had to return it," April
  said, trying to retain her composure.  
"What did he do? He's a fucking deputy ass clown. He even busted Jill's fucking
  husband," Candy cried out.  
"He ah.&hellip;"  
"He did me a favor too, I think," Jill interrupted.  
"What Jill?" Candy moaned, as the fire of the room suddenly cooled.  
"I mean, I was new and nervous and well I didn't know anything and&hellip;." Jill
  rambled, nervously fighting back tears. "And then April said she would, but
  I didn't know what she meant. And then last time, there was this mean guard
  giving us a hard time. I thought he might even rape us, but the deputy helped
  us out."  
Jill held her hands to her face, as she lost control of her emotions, nothing
  new for Jill, only this time the other women felt for her, as they felt many
  of the same emotions, only time had hardened theirs.  
After several minutes, the women finally helped Jill clean her face, and
  Red held her in her arms.  
"Ok, April, I think we see why you did what you did, but there is still one
  thing your not telling us," Candy said, as she leaned back against the couch. "How
  about telling us what happens if we can't, well you know, in five minutes."  
The women seemed to all share the feeling, their gaze locked on April, who
  shifted nervously in her seat.  
"Well you shouldn't fail. I mean, why do you think I told my story and talked
  Red into telling hers," April said, with a nervous twitch.  
Jill looked up into Red eyes, as if to apologize for some of the things she
  said to herself about Red. Red seemed to understand, as she gave Jill a quick
  soft kiss on the lips.  
"But what if...?" Candy said.  
April gulped. "If you fail, well, then for one night, we're, ah, his personal
  play thing," April said, her voice trailing off.  
The three women didn't even move, or hardly even breath, as they looked at
  April, not sure if they heard her right.  
Candy huffed. "Did you just suggest we wager the one thing that we have left,
  our last straw?"  
"C'mon, it's just for one night, and we'll even be in pairs. Me and Jill,
  and Red and Candy, but you shouldn't lose!" April pleaded.  
"April, one night, you mean we have to...?" Jill groaned, catching up to
  speed.  
"Yes Jill," Red answered for April.  
"Yeah, anything he wants," April mumbled. "But look if I was you guys, I
  mean five minutes is a long time, and he is no limp dick, so here's what you
  guys should do."  
The deputy walked back into the room, interrupting April. "April, I'm getting
  a little lonely in the kitchen. Let's let the ladies decide," the deputy said,
  and he took April's hand. "You have five minutes to decide."  
The deputy returned to the kitchen with April in tow.  
"I can't believe this!" The women said to each other, at first.  
"Man, what's he have a 'five minute' fetish!" Candy quipped.  
"I'm sorry girls, I should have told you he was coming," Red said, before
  she quickly added. "But I didn't know anything about this. Jill just told me
  to tell my story in front of him, and to make it extra sexy, and hot."  
"So you made up the story?" Candy asked.  
"Just a little," Red said with a nervous giggle. "When we got into the bedroom,
  Wendy was all over me and Danny was begging to watch. Finally, after some convincing,
  Wendy said he could, but he would have to watch from the closet, so she could
  pretend he wasn't watching. That's what really happened, and then she switched
  places with him and that's basically it. They never touched each other, I just
  added that part for the deputy," Red said, and Candy giggled, before Red added. "And
  I wouldn't let some pimple faced teenager fuck my ass. You should know that
  Candy."  
"It did surprise me."  
"Alright, let's figure this out," Jill said, as she was growing nervous with
  the sex talk.  
"Well, we have to do it," Candy mumbled.  
"You mean?"  
"No, I don't want to do it Jill. I hate pigs, but we have to now. If we back
  out, we'll hurt the deputy's feelings," Candy said.  
"So," Jill snapped.  
"She didn't mean it like that," Red said. "It's just, he knows enough people
  in there to make life easy for our men, but he can also make life hard for
  them&hellip;real hard," Red said, as she stroked Jill's hair. Jill took a deep
  gulp, as she never even thought of that.  
"But listen Jill, me and Red can handle most of it. In fact, I'm hopping
  Red can work her magic tongue," Candy said. "You said you can suck as good
  as April, now's your chance to prove it."  
"I never said that, did I?"  
"Have you guys ever?" Jill mumbled. "You know."  
"What? Oh, I hope you're asking about the deputy?" Candy groaned.  
"Ah, yah."  
"The only time I saw him before today was just outside the prison, last time," Red
  said and Candy was shaking her head. "And you Candy?"  
"I saw him, too. That's why I got the hell out of there."  
"Why?"  
"Ok, but don't tell anyone this, but he arrested me once,"  
Candy said, her mind going back in time.  
"What for?" Red quizzed.  
"One stupid joint, in my butts pack."  
"What happened?"  
"Well, so, he brings me to the station where he strip-searches me&hellip;probes
  my pussy and ass and everything. Then I could tell he wanted me to suck his
  cock. He hinted at it, but I wouldn't. I told him I rather rot in jail, and
  now&hellip;. Life is so twisted." Candy said, before she turned to Red. "Red,
  do you mind? I mean I'll help, but I'll puke if I&hellip;."  
"I understand. He's just pretend he's a stranger to me, but, ah, maybe you
  can jerk him, or cup his balls, while I'll use my mouth. I hope April taught
  me well," Red said, and she giggled nervously. "And Jill, I know you're not
  going to like this, but you can use your tits, ah, those nipples."  
"What do you mean?"  
"You know Jill, rub them in his face, let him suck on them," Red said.  
"Oh, really?" Jill moaned.  
"Hey, I'm gunna have his cock in my mouth and then when he comes&hellip;." Red
  said, as her voice trailed off.  
Jill saw her point, but was still dealing with the realization that they
  were going to actually play the deputy's perverted game.  
"Oh god! If my husband ever found out that I sucked off a cop, he'd kill
  me," Red cried out.  
The deputy walked into the room followed by April, who was looking down at
  the floor. She was also buck-naked, her nipples showing signs of sexual contact.  
"What the!" Jill gasped.  
"Ok, ladies, as you can see April's already got me going. Now what's it going
  to be?" The deputy said, as he walked back in forth in front of the women.  
Red finally broke the uncomfortable silence, "We'll do it."  
"Oh, thank god," April moaned. This surprised Jill, and she figured that
  April had something more riding on their decision then she led on.  
"Five minutes ladies. Here April you time them," the deputy said, as he produced
  a stopwatch and tossed it over. "Ok, only one little thing to do first, and
  then we will start."  
They watched the deputy, who was doing his best to hide his excitement over
  the group's decision, bend down and take something out of his sock, under one
  of his pant legs.  
"Only one rule&hellip;you have to wear these," the deputy said, as he held
  up three zip-ties.  
"Hey, no fair&hellip;we can't use our hands," Candy cried out, surprised
  that the deputy would try something, after they agreed.  
"I didn't say you couldn't, you're just gunna have your hands behind your
  back&hellip;or no go," the deputy said, confident they wouldn't back out now.
  He also knew he probably didn't stand a chance, otherwise. Ever since April
  helped him come up with the plan, the deputy would enlist the help of his girlfriend
  Farrah, who after hearing the plan, would do her best to try and make him cum
  in less then five minutes. She tried everyday. Sometimes the deputy could hold
  out, sometimes he couldn't. It was this fact that led him to the "no hands" idea.
  He even made sure before he came over this evening, that she gave him her fiercest
  blowjob. Her reward, a promise to participate in the "fun" should the deputy
  hold out.  
"Let's go, stand up," the deputy said, trying to sound as authoritative as
  possible, while trying not to give them time to change their minds.  
The three women slowly stood up and the deputy moved in front of the dirty
  blonde, with the bad attitude, Candy. He spun her around and quickly slipped
  her wrists into the Zip-ties, before she could protest anymore, and then he
  spun her back around. He spent a couple of seconds looking her right in the
  eyes. She sported the look. He had seen that look before: Total lack of respect
  for the law.  
"Shirt on, or off?" The deputy asked.  
"What?"  
"I Just thought, well, your choice," the deputy said, as he moved over in
  front of Red.  
"Wait a sec, off, take it off!" Candy cried, as much as she didn't want to,
  she conceded the inevitable and also was hoping for a head start. She also
  was just trying to show the deputy that she wasn't afraid of him or his stupid
  test. Jill and Red both looked at Candy wondering what she had planned, and
  what the deputy had planned.  
The deputy shifted back, and slowly moved his hand up to the top of the shirt.
  Smiling, noticing that its collar had been cut into a V. He grasped it right
  in the V, exposing Candy's impressive cleavage, and then in a violently quick
  motion, ripped the shirt in half.  
"What are you Hulk Hogan!" Candy said, trying to show strength.  
"Ah, nice, better than I expected," the deputy said, as he ran a finger over
  Candy's breast, finally rolling her nipple back and forth. Just when it looked
  like Candy was going to react, the deputy spun her around. Grabbing her wrists,
  he pulled up on them, forcing Candy to bend at the waist and lean forward,
  as she screamed out, not from pain, but at the suddenness of the movement.
  He took a couple seconds to tie the shirt pieces around her elbows  
"Please Sir," Red pleaded.  
"Quiet," the deputy screamed, and he brought his hand down and smacked Candy's
  ample backside several times. The sound of his blows jolting each of the women.
  Candy received one smack for each letter in the word "pigs." He spun her back
  around and moved over in front of Red, to avoid any sudden retaliation.  
The deputy reached out and stroked Red's short hair, admiring her beauty,
  before moving his hands down her robe.  
"Nice robe, on or off?" The deputy whispered.  
"Ah, off, I guess," Red said, following Candy's lead, although she really
  didn't know why. Red was proud of her body, but wasn't looking forward to the
  deputy taking liberties with it. Red didn't have a submissive bone in her body.
  She was always the one in charge, even in the bedroom.  
The deputy smiled, inwardly. Red was the one woman in the room that he hadn't
  seen naked yet. He grabbed the robe's silk bow and untied it. He licked his
  lips and slowly pulled the small robe open, by slowly sliding the robe off
  one shoulder and then the next. He almost let out a small gasp when Red's perfect
  body came into view. Only his training had kept him stone-faced and in control.
  He turned her around and slipped her wrists into the zip-ties.  
Looking over her shoulder, the deputy slid his hand down Red's body, circling
  each breast, and down her flat stomach. He pushed up on her wrists and she
  responded quickly, by bending over, hoping to avoid the spanking part. But
  the deputy was focused elsewhere. He licked a finger and slowly worked it around
  her glorious, hairless pussy lips. Red held her breath, as she felt the deputy
  spread her open, before slowly pressing a finger in and out.  
The deputy was only broken from his trance like probing when Red moaned loudly.
  He quickly stood up, and cleared his throat. He wiped his brow. "Ok, who is
  next?"  
A small tear rolled down Red's cheek. Candy bumped her shoulder, and Red
  knew what she meant. As humiliating as it had been for the women, their plan
  was working, because the Deputy now showed obvious signs of excitement.  
He moved in front of Jill. "And now the shy one," the deputy said, as he
  fondly remembered their first encounter. He always enjoyed the shy ones.  
"Sweatshirt," the deputy said.  
"Like I have a choice," Jill sighed.  
"Fine, leave it on."  
Jill could tell from the frowns on Red's and Candy's face that they weren't
  happy with her answer, either.  
"Off," she said, looking to the floor.  
"What's that," the deputy said, a hand to his ear.  
"Off, you can take it off&hellip;Jerk."  
"And there is that temper I remember," the deputy said, as he moved over
  and lifted the sweatshirt over her head.  
"Pussy Power, I guess we shall see," the deputy teased.  
Jill's skin crawled, as the deputy looked her over, dressed only in her sheer
  black negligee. She almost looked as dirty as she felt. He spun her around
  and zipped her wrists.  
Jill felt helpless, as the deputy's hands slid down her body. He slid her
  g-string down her legs and picked up one foot and then the other and held them
  up.  
"Hey, what happened to the granny panties?" He laughed, remembering the past. "And
  it looks like someone has shaved."  
He spun her around again. Looking into her eyes, he was hoping his expression
  was effectively transmitting the immense pleasure this was giving him. The
  deputy was used to having women strip for him, so it was an added bonus to
  be able to do the stripping. He reached down and caressed each breast, and
  teased her nipples with his thumbs. He remembered the great nipples the girl
  sported. Reaching into the top of her negligee, he pulled out her left breast
  from its hiding place and then the right one, and returned his attention to
  her nipples.  
"Ah, sir, can we start now?" Red moaned, as she was hoping to spare, a teary
  eyed Jill, from any more fondling. She could also see that Candy's plan was
  really working well, because the deputy's pants sported a distinctive bulge.  
"Why not," the deputy said, as he moved to the center of the room, where
  he took off his sweatshirt and tank top. He pulled his belt out of his pants
  and moved over to April and draped the belt around her neck.  
He moved back into the center of the room. "Hit it, April."  
The women stood in stunned silence at first.  
"Go girls!" April cried out, and the surprised women jumped and approached
  the deputy. Red dropped to her knees in front of the deputy and Candy spun
  around and was doing her best to unbutton the deputy's pants. Her wrists feeling
  the stinging pain, as the zip-ties pinched her flesh.  
"C'mon Candy," Red moaned. She also used her face to rub against the deputy's
  groin.  
Jill stood frozen, looking at the deputy's face. He was just staring straight
  ahead, like he was in a trance, like he was trying to go to a different place,
  a different time in his mind.  
It took Candy a full minute to get the deputy's pants undone and his fly
  down, and another thirty seconds to get them and his boxer briefs down to the
  middle of his thighs. Jill gasped when his cock sprang free. Red licked her
  lips, as she had access to his cock now. Red took as much of it in her mouth
  as she could, trying to get it well coated as quickly as she could. She was
  almost laughing at the absurdity of it all, while trying not to be impressed,
  although, she had seen bigger.  
"Let's get him on the couch, so we can all help," Candy cried out.  
Jill and Candy used their shoulders to push him over to the couch, while
  Red shuffled forwards on her knees trying to keep his cock in her mouth. The
  deputy, who was doing his best not to break out in laughter, finally tumbled
  onto the couch. Red went back to work, and she now had help from Candy. Candy
  also flashed a look towards Jill, who knew it was her time to act. Jill put
  her knees on the couch and leaned forward. The deputy, taking the bait, hungrily
  took her nipple into his mouth. Sounds of sucking skin filled the room.  
April screamed out, "One minute left." The deputy was happy to have Jill's
  distraction. He focused on Jill's breast as much as he could, as Red was now
  at full speed and suction. She even deep throated him several times. Candy
  was sucking on his inner thigh, and flicking her tongue out, trying to lick
  his ball sac, while trying to stay out of Red's way, as she furiously moved
  her head up and down. Candy was also fighting off her frequent urges to clamp
  her jaw down tight.  
"Ten seconds," April cried out, and she feared that they weren't going to
  make it. Red was bobbing franticly. She was puzzled, everything she tried,
  nothing seemed to work, even though his cock remained hard throughout, and
  she had sucked as hard as she ever had.  
"Boy, that was a long ten seconds," the deputy said with a laugh.  
"Time," April finally groaned, and the room erupted in a chorus of cries
  of foul play, as the deputy quickly scrambled to his feet, a little apprehensive
  of the women's immediate response to losing the bet. He also kicked his pants
  and underwear off from around his ankles.  
"C'mon, shut it," the deputy barked, having enough of their crying. He laughted. "There
  is no crying in cock-sucking."  
"Fuck you, you fucking&hellip;." Candy cried out, but stopped, when the deputy
  raised his hand.  
"Say it!" the deputy spat. "It doesn't look like you're in any position.
  I'm sportin' wood and ready to go. Don't temp me."  
"She's sorry," Red chirped, and she knew he was right about their position.  
 "But don't worry. You'll get the hour with your husbands, just for being
  good sports. Now don't say anything more that might make me change my mind," the
  deputy said, stroking his cock.  
"We won't, and thanks," Red said, trying to play piece maker, as she could
  still see that Candy was steamed.  
"That's a good little girl," he said, and then he lifted Red off her knees
  and pushed her in between Jill and Candy, who were sitting on the couch. "That's
  it, stay there." He wanted Red's impressive back view.  
The deputy looked over to April, who was still sitting on the recliner, waiting
  for her punishment.  
"Crawl," the deputy ordered with a snap of the finger.  
April whimpered. She took the deputies belt and lopped it around her neck,
  pulling it tight, and then she dropped to the floor. She slowly cat walked
  over to the deputy.  
"That's a good girl," he said, taking the end of the belt.  
"I am yours," April said, looking to the floor. "May I please suck your cock?"  
"That redhead was good, but show'em, how it's done," the deputy said, pulling
  up on the belt and running his cock along her lips. "Yeah, that a girl."  
April had already sucked him off before. But not in front her friends, and
  she knew how they felt about him, so she sucked hard, praying that he wouldn't
  last long.  
"Don't forget my balls."  
"Of course," April sarcastically moaned, as she already knew he liked that.
  She also knew now that he intended to draw out the show.  
Jill closed her eyes, as April licked and sucked his balls. She just couldn't
  watch anymore.  
"Ok, back to work," the deputy said, grabbing April's blonde hair. April
  took his cock into her mouth and braced, as she read his intentions. The deputy
  started slowly and then picked up the pace of his face fucking. Jill opened
  an eye, and quickly closed it, with a cringe. But even with her eyes closed
  she could still hear April's moaning and gagging gasps that seemed to go on
  forever.  
April gasped loudly for air, when the deputy finally pulled out of her mouth,
  and began jerking his cock.  
"Give me your eyes!" he barked, pulling back on her hair. He blasted a shot
  of cum, followed by several small ones onto April face. "Yes, finish me&hellip;finish
  me." The deputy pressed his cock against April's lips and she milked out the
  rest of his cum with her mouth.  
"Show them," the deputy said, turning April's face towards her friends on
  the couch. Jill opened an eye, but quickly closed it. "Ok, don't look."  
The deputy took his belt off April's neck, and she stumbled to the bathroom.  
The deputy picked up his clothes and walked to the kitchen. Jill looked to
  the other girls, but they were looking to the floor, Candy mumbling under her
  breath. The deputy washed himself in the sink and grabbed a slice of pizza
  and the last beer from the fridge. He wanted to let the women cool off and
  he also had to regain his composer. After he dressed, he found a thin carving
  knife in a draw and returned to the living room.  
"Miss me?" He teased, entering the room. "Now are you girls going to behave
  and do exactly what I say?  
"Oh my god!" Jill screamed out, when she saw the knife.  
The deputy laughed. "Relax girl, I don't need a knife to get women to do
  that&hellip;I have a badge."  
The deputy used the knife to cut Red free and then Candy. They both went
  running into April's bedroom.  
"Ah, Jill," the deputy moaned, as he moved behind Jill and cut her free. "I
  can't wait to have you with April."  
"What are you talking about?" Jill snapped. "I thought you said we got our
  hour?"  
"I did," the deputy said, spinning her around. "But you still lost, so you
  have to pay up." He leaned forward, but Jill turned her head away from the
  kiss.  
"Yeah, you probably want her as much as I did," the deputy said, and he kissed
  her cheek.  
"Let go of me, creep." Jill said, as she broke free. She picked up her sweatshirt
  and put it on. "One of these days you'll get yours."  
"I try and get as much as I can," the deputy said, and he laughed.  
Red and Candy came back into the room, but left quickly, after they kissed
  Jill goodbye, and made sure she was all right.  
The deputy looked at his watch, "Looks like it's time for my exit as well.
  I look forward to our next meeting."  
"I can't wait."  
The deputy, didn't miss the sarcasm in Jill's statement, in fact, it turned
  him on.  
"Just let April know how much I enjoyed her hospitality," the deputy said,
  as he walked towards the door.  
When the Deputy left, April came out of the bathroom.  
" April."  
"I know&hellip;the deputy still wants his night with us," April said, before
  she gushed. "I'm sorry Jill. I really felt you guys could do it. I didn't know
  that he would still have his pants on. I even fooled around with him in the
  kitchen, but you probably noticed that."  
Jill didn't want to think about that, although, she couldn't get the image
  of April with the deputy's belt wrapped around her neck and his cum dripping
  off her chin, out of her head.  
"Jill, if you want to leave, for your long ride home, now would be the time," April
  said, as she sat down next to Jill, staring into her eyes.  
"I, ah, I just want to be with you, stay with you," Jill mumbled, surprised
  that she could say it at all.  
"Awww, that's so sweet Jill," April said, and they shared a warm embrace.  
"Whatever happens with the deputy, just remember I would never let anyone
  hurt you, Jill," April whispered into Jill's ear, she turned Jill's face. "You
  can trust me."  
"I trust you, April," Jill said, wrapping her arms around her.  
The End  
Thanks for reading my story.  
Please post your reviews.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





