BDSM Library - Sara




Sara
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a young slave's quest to be completely and totally enslaved in steel.
SARA
Chapter 1

                THE PERMANENCE OF STEEL


                      By Charles E. Campbell


       (This story is gratefully dedicated to ss, an inspiring and aspiring
sub/slave. Without her insight, thoughts, guidance, patience, and caring, it
would not and could not exist. I am ever in her debt for all she has done. The
story is copyright by me, Preage1313@hotmail.com. No portion of the story may be
printed or reproduced electronically without express written consent of the
author. This is a work of fiction, based upon the wishes of two consenting
adults.)

I awoke from a restless night of tossing and turning. The day I had wished for,
yearned for, begged for, was finally upon me. I had been dreaming of this day
for many years, and now, today, it had finally come. Today, I'm going to
renounce my past, all of my possessions, my identity, and become re-born as a
fully collared slave.


For the past few days, I found my mind wandering back over the last eleven
months and the paths that I had followed that had led me to this major turning
point in my 25 years of life. I had met Sir Campbell on the Internet, of all
places. I had read a short story that he had written and posted at the BDSM
Library. I sent Him an email telling Him how much I liked the story, and
inquiring about certain aspects of it. It began with just email messages, then
progressing to online chatting. The physical distance between us had been, at
first, comforting to me. He was residing in New York City, while I was three
thousand miles away in a small San Francisco suburb.

I had been living with a Master for fifteen months, but He was unwilling to give
me enough of what I needed. Yes, He had placed barbells in my nipples, deep at
the base of the areolas, but it wasn't enough. His life was too often spent in
the vanilla world, and I didn't want to be there. I wanted, more accurately,
needed, to be made to bear steel in my body for Him. To feel it's weight, it's
unforgettable presence, it's cold harsh reality run through me, for Him. He,
however, was unable to go this step, this quantum leap, permanently scaring my
"oh so flawless and perfect body" with His steel. His needs were for a trophy
wife, to be put on display at business dinners or at the country club. My needs
were to be seen both in private and public as what I am, a slave.

During our weekly chats, I had shared all of this information with Sir Campbell.
At first, He offered a myriad of suggestions to help make it possible for me to
stay with my Master. To find ways in which I could accept my Master's limits,
and to see how these limits were due to His all consuming love for me. But I was
not willing, nor was I able to accept that, to hear it, or live with it. My need
to be owned was too consuming. I could settle for nothing less than being a full
time collared slave, in steel.

 Our weekly chats and emails continued haphazardly for a few months. Then, one
day, I sent Sir Campbell a photo of myself, naked. His natural skepticism
wouldn't let Him believe that this was the person He had been in communication
with. He called me a "natural beauty," with "a radiant smile that allowed Him
insight into my inner being." It was at this time that He asked what sort of
contract I had with my Master. I told Him that I was under no contract with
Master; that we just had a verbal agreement that we reviewed and re-evaluated
annually. Sir Campbell and I came to an accord, that when my year was up, Sir
Campbell would take possession of me.


 All of that was five months ago. Sir Campbell wired some money to me, and I
took a flight to New York. He met me at LaGuardia, and I have been living with
Him ever since. And now, tonight, I'm going to sign a formal slave contract with
Him, that will be witnessed and attested to, and then I will be collared and
receive the steel I so desperately crave.  

Sir Campbell had explained everything that would happen tonight, many times,
right down to the most minute detail. He wished that I have ample time to think
it all through, and to be prepared for what I would have to endure. All of the
stages leading to my complete and total slavery were to take place in the
private dungeon of a Mistress friend of Sir Campbell's. Guests would be in
attendance to witness the events, all friends of Sir Campbell and the Mistress
of the dungeon.

My stomach was a flurry of knots as I ate a light breakfast, got dressed, and
left the apartment, heading for the salon Sir Campbell had selected for me.
"It's sympathetic to your needs," He told me.

The salon was a good fifteen blocks south of His apartment on East 92nd St, off
York, but being that it was a bright and sunny spring day, I decided to walk.  I
had allowed myself plenty of time to make the 9:00 appointment, so I enjoyed my
leisurely stroll.

 I found the quaint little shop with no problem at all, as I was getting pretty
good at finding my way around Manhattan now. It was nestled between a small
bakery and a book store. "Not too bad for a small town girl," I thought to
myself as I walked in the door.

The receptionist looked up from he appointment book and asked, "May I help you?"

I replied, "Yes, thank you, I have an appointment today. My name is Sara
Thomas."

The receptionist looked back into her book and said, "Yes, I see it right here.
You'll be with Heather. She's on her break right now, you're a bit early. If
you'd like to have a seat, she should be back in five minutes or so. Could I get
you a cup of coffee?"

"That would be nice, thanks, if it's no trouble."


"None at all. How do you take your coffee?"

"Oh, black please. No sugar."

               The receptionist got the coffee for me, and I turned to take a
seat near the window, so I could calm myself a little as I  watched the early
morning  the passers-by. I've never tired of people watching in the city.

   "You must be sara," a voice roused me from my daydream. "I'm Heather. If
you'll come with me we can get started. We have a lot to do."

    I followed Heather to the back of the salon. She pulled a curtain closed
behind us to keep us sequestered from the other patrons. "Please remove your
clothes," Heather said, casually. I hesitated at the request. In a menacing tone
she repeated, "Take off your clothes now! I don't have the time or the patience
to deal with a modest slave."

   Timidly, I pulled my sweatshirt over my head, exposing my rather smallish
cone shaped 32C breasts. I have never bothered with bras, never felt the need.
Then I undid my jeans and slid them off my hips. I paused momentarily, standing
there in my pale blue cotton panties, until Heather's gaze prompted me to fully
comply with her directive.

   When I was totally naked, Heather inspected me slowly, and said, "Raise your
arms, please."  I did as she told me, even taking the further step of lacing my
fingers together with my hands behind my head. "I understand He wants the arm
pit hair to remain?"

   "Yes, that's correct."

   "Why? It's disgusting! This isn't France."

   "Sir Campbell makes me keep it because He,.......He knows how mortified I am
by it."


     "Well then," she said, "This is your lucky day. I will not allow Myself to
be put in the position of facing Mistress Ilsa after sending a slave to Her with
hair in her arm pits. She allows none of Her slaves any body hair anywhere.
Ever! I'll lose My clients if I allow you to walk out of here with hair anywhere
below your neck.

  " We'll dye your body hair black in a few minutes so that we can see it more
easily. In that way, we can work much faster in removing it, permanently. Not
only are you going to lose your pubic and arm pit hair, but we're also going to
get rid of a lot of that fine hair on the rest of your body. You'll be as smooth
as the day you were born when we get through with you. A manicure and pedicure,
then we'll wash your hair and comb it all out. We'll finish that off with some
nicely scented oils and a massage. Sir Campbell will be quite pleased, I'm sure.
I'm told both He and Ilsa have lots in store for you this evening!"
 
    I wondered what the beautician knew, and why she knew it, but didn't give it
too much thought after that. With a gentle push on my shoulder, She led me to
the black vinyl and chrome chair in the center of the booth.

   Heather left me alone in the chair for a few moments, and returned with three
other attendants. I felt my face flush instantly in embarrassment as these three
women came in.  "As you know, sara, Sir Campbell wants this hair removed
permanently, so we're going to do electrolysis. It's a little bit painful, but I
really like the way it comes out better than any other method. With all four of
us working on you for the full day, we will be able to get almost all of your
hair removed today, and then Sir Campbell will be sending you back when He wants
the rest of the fine downy hair removed from your belly and back as well.

   "What is most important, is that you have absolutely no hairs remaining on
your breasts, mound, or crotch that would interfere with the piercings planned
for tonight. We'll make sure we get all the ones around your ass hole and crack
as well.

    "As I said, electrolysis is a bit painful, but it's going to be a lot more
so for you since all four of us will be working on your body at the same time.
We're going to strap you down for your own comfort to work through the pain and
also to protect your skin from any unwanted burns from the electrolysis wands."


   Despite Her reassuring nature, I couldn't control the mixed emotions of fear
and embarrassment at having these four strange women strapping me down firmly in
the chair, and then pulling up their wheeled work stools and electrolysis
stations all around me to commence the work.

   "We'll give you a stretch break every hour, and we'll turn you over at the
same time to give you a little relief. But we will be working throughout the
day."

   The first hour was the worst, but things improved gradually as the day
passed. I tried hard to cope, but never got comfortable with the intensity of
the multiple pain that was being imposed upon me.
  
   It was well past 6:00 PM when I emerged from the salon. My whole body was a
sheath of residual pain and prickly sensations, but as smooth and oiled as
Heather had promised. She was quite pleased at how much they had been able to to
do to my body today - even managing to remove a lot of the fine downy hair from
my belly and back. Heather wasn't pleased with the sweatshirt and jeans, but I'm
not her slave, so she let it go.  She wished me all the best for the remainder
of the evening, and with a mischievous smile, She hailed a cab for my trip home,
as I didn't have a lot of time to get ready for tonight.

   When I got home, I found Master waiting for me in the living room, casually
perusing a sail-boating magazine. "Ah, there you are," He remarked as I entered
the room. "Let Me see you."

   I undressed quickly and stood before Him as He had taught me; legs apart,
hands behind my head, fingers laced together, eyes shut. I heard him get up from
the couch and walk slowly around me. I fought hard to concentrate and keep my
eyes closed. "Very lovely. Very lovely indeed," He commented, tugging lightly on
my nipple.

   "Well!!! I see they did your armpits as well. Mistress Ilsa told Me She had a
surprise for when you returned from the salon. I must admit that it does make
you look all the more naked and submissive without it," He commented, tugging on
my pierced nipples."Kneel," He                    commanded!


   I immediately dropped to my knees, keeping my hands behind my head and my
eyes tightly shut, so I heard, rather than saw, the buckle of His pants being
undone, and the pants being pulled down. "Your mouth, cunt," He ordered! I
opened my mouth, stuck my tongue out as far as I could, and waited for His rigid
cock to invade it.

   He didn't keep me waiting long, and unlike His usual style, where He slowly
introduces His flaccid cock into my mouth, allowing me to feel it grow in length
and girth in my mouth, this time, He drove His already stiffened rod straight
top the back of my throat as fast and hard as He could, causing me to gag on the
unexpectedly deep and sudden intrusion. My natural reaction was, of course, to
pull back, away from the invader, but He saw that coming and He grabbed my hair
with both hands, yanking my head forward as He drove to the deepest recesses in
the back of my throat.

   Drool began to flow copiously from my lips as I stifled the urge to throw up.
He paid me no heed, seeking only His pleasure in my retching and gagging, as He
pounded His pubic hair into my nose, even pinching my nose, making it hard to
breath. Finally, I heard Him cry out, as He dumped His hot salty load into the
back of my mouth. He held it there, with my face pressed into His groin, and I
drank it down, every drop, and sucked and licked Him clean.

   As I zipped up His trousers, Sir Campbell said, "I'm going out to take care
of some last minute details. You should try to rest. I'll be back by 8:30, and
we'll have a light meal before heading over to Ilsa's for the ceremonies."

   "I'll try, Sir Campbell, but I'm too keyed up to sleep."

   "That's all well and good, sara, but you should lie down at least. Read a
book or magazine, and try to relax."

   I went upstairs to the bedroom, and grabbing the tv remote, I pulled a
comforter over myself as I snuggled into His big plushy easy chair. Within ten
minutes, I had fallen fast asleep.


   The sounds from the television aroused me from a dreamless nap. Glancing over
at the clock radio, I saw that it was 7:50. With a yawn and a stretch, I rose
and went to the make-up table to prepare. He had already told me that eye
make-up and lipstick would be all I could use, so I applied my eyeliner, eye
shadow, mascara, eyebrow pencil, and lipstick. When I was happy with the
results, I went to the closet and took out the package Sir Campbell had told me
contained my clothes for tonight.

    With a slight nervous shake to my hands, I set the box on the bed and opened
it, taking out a black leather halter top with straps that would encircle my
breasts, but would leave them completely exposed. There was a black satin garter
belt and black back-seamed stockings, a pair of sandals with tie straps that
went up over the calf, and a red spandex mini skirt, which I knew would hardly
cover my cheeks. I put everything on and checked myself out in the full length
mirror that was on the back of the closet door. Pleased with what I saw, I went
downstairs to the living room, to await His return.

   I didn't have to wait very long, as I heard the front door lock begin to
turn. I quickly fell to my knees and waited for Him. "That's a pretty picture,
My little slave. On your knees, and waiting to serve Me." He took my hand and I
rose and followed Him as He led me into the dining room. A formal place setting
had already been set out by the maid, with His best crystal, sterling place
settings, and fine chinaware. He held my chair for me, and poured us each a
glass of Chardonnay.

    The meal was brought to us as we discussed the evening that was about to
unfold. When we were through, he asked me, "Do you have any questions or
concerns, sara?"

   "No, Master, thank You. But,......if I may be so bold....?"

       "Yes, go on."

     "I am getting very nervous. I mean......I know this is what I want to do,
very, very, much. But,.......it seems so overwhelming to me. I've thought about
this day for so long, from even before we met, but,....now that it's here,.....
I guess I'm a bit frightened."

    "Are you getting cold feet?"

   "No, no. It's nothing like that," I pleaded. "It's just,....I mean,....I
mean, I think that maybe it won't be what I expect. That......it won't be
enough."


    "There, there,....that's quite alright. You've just built this day up in
your mind for so long that you're afraid the reality won't come close to the
fantasy.

    "That's to be expected really. Quite normal. Believe Me, I'm going to put
all of your concerns to rest right now, sara. I've planned tonight to be all
that you're expecting, and more. I even have a few surprises in store for you.
But, you must understand, that I see this as the beginning of something between
us. The start of our journey together, as Master and slave. You will be giving
Me everything that you have. Everything that you are. Everything. And I will be
taking everything from you. And with that taking comes the responsibility of
giving you everything you will ever need, ever again. We will grow through this
experience, together, in ways no mere married couple could imagine. This isn't a
sharing of lives, it's much more than that. It's deeper, more profound, more
significant. It's the total acceptance of what you are, what I am, what we are,
and what that makes us.

   "You are about to give yourself to Me. Every aspect of your life, your being,
will become mine, to do with as it pleases Me, for My needs and pleasure alone.
A tremendous weight will be lifted from your shoulders, as you will no longer be
responsible for anything except serving Me. I am taking all of that over from
you. Your only reason for being is Me, and Me alone. I promise you that I will o
all that is in My power to completely and totally enslave you." And having said
that, He leaned over, cupped my chin with His hand, and kissed me, in a deep and
passionate kiss. His tongue probing far into my mouth. When He broke the
embrace, he announced, "It is time to go, if you are ready."

   "I just need to freshen up. I'll be right with You."

   "I'll wait here."

    I went upstairs to freshen my make-up and pee, since I had no idea when the
opportunity might arise again. When I came back, He was waiting for me in the
foyer, with my coat draped over His arm. We got into His pearl white BMW Z3, and
taking the 85th Street Central Park transverse, headed crosstown to the house of
His friend, Mistress Ilsa.


   He found a parking place on the street around the corner on Ninth Avenue, and
we walked quietly down the block, my arm through His. Other couples out walking
paid us no heed, as they went on their respective ways. I wondered what they
would think if they knew where we were going and what was about to happen. A
light breeze swept down the quaintly lit street and caused me to shiver. Master
put my coat over my shoulders as we walked.	

     We climbed the stairs to the top of the stoop and He rang the bell. A
formally dressed older man answered the door. He was quite tall, slim, and very
distinguished looking with dark hair that had gone gray at the temples. "Good
evening, Sir Campbell," he sais in a bass baritone voice with velvety overtones.
"May I take Your coat, Sir?"

   "Yes, Malcolm, thank you," Master replied, as the butler helped Him off with
His coat. When he made no move to help me, I shrugged my coat off my shoulders
and handed it to him. Even dressed in the leather halter top and ultra small
mini skirt, I felt completely exposed and naked.

   "Mistress is expecting You. She's in the living room, Sir. All of the
expected guests have arrived as well. If You would like to go right in?"

   "Thank you, Malcolm."

   We walked into the living room, where we found twelve people waiting for us,
silently. Five of them, two women and three men, were fully clothed in gowns and
tuxedos, while the rest were all naked, and on their knees. There were five
female slaves and three males. One of the females was about sixty years old. She
wore thick iron rings in her breasts and labia, with heavy weights dangling from
the rings. Her nether lips had to be at least six inches long, and the holes
that pierced them were elongated to over an inch from the weight. One of the
male slaves penis and scrotum were tattooed, right to the tip! And he wore a
thick ring in the end of it as well.

   A strikingly handsome woman was sitting on the coach, Her legs tucked up
underneath Her. I assumed She was Mistress Ilsa.  She was twisting one of the
nipples of a male slave who knelt at Her feet. She looked up when She heard us
enter the room, and announced, "Ah, here they are now."


   Everyone turned their attention our way. "You all know Sir Campbell," Ilsa
said by way of introduction, "and this is His slave, sara."

   "Sir Edmund," She called out, not taking Her cobalt blue eyes from mine, "May
I borrow Your slave?"

   "Yes of course, Ilsa. The pleasure is all mine,"

   "Slave Danielle, remove sara's clothing."

   "Yes Mistress."

   A middle aged slave got up off her knees and approached me. Both of her firm 
breasts bore brands that had been outlined in tattoos. They appeared to be a
monogram of some kind. The brands were very deep, having been burned a good half
inch into her flesh. The tattooed outlines making them all the more obvious and
intense.

   I stood stark still as slave Danielle undid my leather halter, the mini-skirt
and garter belt. She untied my sandals as a nervous shudder ran through me. I
stepped out of the sandals, then I lifted one leg, and then the other, allowing
her to roll the stockings off my feet.

  I stood there, naked amongst them, trembling in my exposure, and immediately
assumed the position He required of me; legs spread, hands behind my head,
fingers laced together, eyes closed. All of the slaves remained as they were,
but their Owners all got up and walked around me, inspecting me. I felt a light
touch on the flat of my stomach, a finger nail tracing my breasts and nipples, a
hand caressed the curve of my backside, a finger parted my lower lips, probing
gently into my inner recesses, another finger forced it's way into my mouth, but
no words were spoken to me, only congratulatory remarks were made to Sir
Campbell regarding my looks and His acquisition. It was as if I was an inanimate
object appraised for it's value.

   "If we're all ready," Mistress Ilsa announced, "then I think it is time to
proceed with the ceremony.

   "Sara, kneel before your Master!"

  Quickly, I knelt, but not being sure of what to do with my hands, I kept them
behind my head.

   "Master Richard, would You be so kind as to do the honors, please?"

    "Gladly, Ilsa," a tall man with shoulder length blond hair answered,
stepping forward so that He stood in front of me. He was wearing a light tan
suede vest, with no shirt, skin tight blue jeans with a large turquoise belt
buckle. His cowboy boots were tan suede as well and matched His vest.

   "Sara," He began, "Have you come here freely, and of your own will?"

   "Yes, Sir, I have."

   "I am going to give you one opportunity to change your mind. To end these
proceedings, and return to your prior life. When I present that opportunity, you
may either ignore it or accept it. If you accept it, you will be released. Set
free. You will never have any contact with Sir Campbell ever again. But, if you
ignore your opportunity, we will continue, and there will be no backing out from
that point on. Am I clear?"

   "Yes Sir," I answered boldly, as me knees began to tremble. My stomach was
doing flip flops in anticipation of what was to come, but I didn't know if it
was from nervous fear, or elation at what was about to happen to me.

   He interrupted my thoughts as He began; "sara, do you wish to renounce your
life, your possessions, and your identity?"

   "I do."

   "Do you wish to give everything that you own, or will ever own, through work
or inheritance, or through any other means, to Sir Campbell?"


   "I do."

   "Do you grant to Him complete ownership of you, in every way?"

   "I do."

   "Do you grant to Him the use of you in any manner He sees fit, for anything
He wishes, for any reason He wishes without question, and without any regard for
your wishes?"

   "I do."

   "Do you agree to accept any form of modifications to your body that He may
desire, including, but not limited to, permanent metal collar and restraints,
piercings of any kind, corseting, tattooing, and branding?"

   "I do."


   "Do you agree that Sir Campbell will, from this day forth, have the exclusive
right to give you to anyone, for any purpose, to loan you to anyone for any
purpose, or to sell you to anyone for any fee or service?"

   "I do."

   "Very well. I have a contract here for you to sign. It stipulates the same
things you just agreed to in front of these witnesses. It also spells out what
your responsibilities are as Sir Campbell's slave and property. It explains your
rights as a slave, and it contains a clause for the dissolution of the contract.
Is there any part of this contract that you wish to have explained to you?"

   "If I may be so bold, Sir. I wasn't aware that the contract could be broken."


   "The clause has been added to state that the contract may be broken only
when, and if, you ever disobey a direct order from Sir Campbell. Your trust in
Him must be so complete, so absolute, that you will place yourself in His hands,
knowing that He will never violate that trust. No safe words will be agreed
upon. Is this acceptable to you?"

   "Yes, Sir. Thank You, Sir."

   Master Richard produced a long quill and stuck the nib in my breast, causing
blood to drip. He handed the quill to me, and dipping the quill in my breast
blood, I signed the contract, enslaving myself to Sir Campbell forever.

   I handed the quill back to Master Richard, who, in turn, handed it to Sir
Campbell, saying, "Sir Campbell, here are the papers for Your slave. From this
moment forth, she is Yours."

   "Thank You, Master Richard," He said, taking the proffered papers and quill.
He dipped the quill into the hole in my breast and signed the contract, as
applause broke out among the guests, Masters and slaves alike. Master Richard
then witnessed both signatures, again drawing from my breast blood.

   "Sir Campbell," Ilsa called out, rising from Her seat on the couch with a
small oaken chest in Her hands.

   Master took the chest from Her and came over to me. He set the chest on the
floor at my knees and opened it. He removed a stainless steel collar, which He
placed around my neck. The collar fit snugly enough so as not to slide around on
my neck. A loud 'click' announced to all present that it had been permanently
locked in place. He then took out a set of matching ankle and wrist cuffs and
permanently locked them on me as well.

   When it was concluded, Mistress Ilsa stood, and proclaimed, "I present to
you, Sir Campbell's slave." More applause accompanied Her declaration, and my
happiness was measured in the smile that broke out on Sir Campbell's face. "I
have wine and cheese prepared in the dining room. Let's retire there while the
slaves take sara to the dungeon and prepare her for her irons."


   After they had left the living room, and only the slaves remained, slave
Danielle helped me to my feet, saying, "sara, we have to prepare you, please
come with us."

   Slave Danielle helped me to my feet, and taking me by the arm, she led me to
the basement stairs. We stopped at the head of the stairs and Danielle opened
the door. I looked down the staircase, which was bathed in a warm flickering
light from the sconces and candles, and saw a long corridor. "Go downstairs and
wait for us in the dungeon, sara," Danielle ordered.

    I started down the stairs slowly, the hard stone floor getting noticeably
cooler with each step as I descended into the dungeons of Mistress Ilsa. When I
reached the bottom of the stairs, I was face to face with Malcolm, who was all
disheveled and  bathed in sweat.  His coat was over his arm , his shirt sleeves
rolled up, and he was out of breath.  I turned instinctively, in a panic,
searching  back upstairs  for Danielle and the other slaves, but the door had
been shut behind me, and they were nowhere to be seen. Malcolm  pushed by me
rudely, and started up the stairs, without a word.

  As I approached the end of the corridor, there was a large stone arched
doorway, with a heavy dark wooden door. I remember thinking how strange this was
here on the upper west side of Manhattan, it looked exactly like castle hallways
from Robin Hood movies.


   I reached the door, and, giving it a push, found the dungeons of Mistress
Ilsa.. Candles were everywhere; on chandeliers, floor stands, tables, and wall
mounted. Whips, restraints, floggers, leather hoods, dildos, clamps, hung from
spikes all around the walls.  The stone ceiling, walls, and floor, coupled with
the chains and implements of torture that adorned the walls, gave the massive
room a medieval flavor. Dominating the room, however, was a large St. Andrew's
cross, upon which a naked slave was bound. It was immediately clear that she had
been the recipient of a quite severe and recent flogging, a heavy sheen of sweat
covered her completely.  Violent red welts crisscrossed her belly and thighs,
horizontally, diagonally and vertically.  A very large rubber ball gag was
stuffed into her mouth, and drool dribbled out of the corners, dripping off her
chin to a small pool on the floor. She had no body hair anywhere on her. Head to
toe she was clean and smooth. But what struck me as the most startling, was the
bar that ran through her breasts. One thick heavy stainless steel bar had been
run through both of her breasts and was capped with large round barbells.
Hanging from the bar, suspended under each breast were 'U' shaped clasps like
one would find on a sailboat.

   I stared, open mouthed, at the spectacle before me, my heart racing.

   "Mistress wishes for you to inspect slut's bars and clasps, sara," danielle
said, startling me.  "Yours will be like hers, except that you're going to get
shorter, individual bars. One in each breast, instead of one long one through
them both." I spun around to find danielle and the other slaves in the torture
chamber with me.

   Trembling uncontrollably at the thought, I stepped up to the cross and looked
up  into the bound slave's eyes, momentarily forgetting that she was gagged, I
asked, "May I touch them, please?"

   "There's no need to ask her permission," danielle chimed in. "Mistress wishes
it."

   My eyes slowly fell from the slave's eyes to her breasts. The steel which
pierced them was either surgical or stainless steel, I don't know the
difference, and it was quite thick, maybe 3/4 of an inch in diameter. The 'U'
shaped clasps were made of the same material and looked like shackles. They
swung free on the bar as I lifted them both at the same time, all the way up and
over her breasts to her collarbones. The holes in the breasts themselves looked
a lot like very large versions of pierced earlobes.

   I was so absorbed by the bar and clasps that I didn't immediately look at the
breasts themselves.  One had been scared viciously, with something that had not
only cut the tender skin, but had ripped and torn it away as well. The other one
had been subjected to a long and methodical scarification that was both ornate
and frightening. Intricate free form designs had been cut into the soft flesh,
completely encircling the orb and nipple.


   Once again, I looked up into the slave's eyes. Her coal black eyes seemed to
radiate and I was met with a look that could only be described as fierce pride.
She had no other way of expressing herself, between her bondage on the cross and
the gag. I began to have self doubts that I could be as proud in my total
submission as she was, when danielle interrupted my introspection saying, "slave
jared and missy boy, please remove slut from the cross so that sara may take her
place."

   Two of the he-slaves began unbuckling the numerous straps that held her fast
to the cross. I stole a glance at one of them when I heard a tiny bell making a
delicate tinkling sound. It was attached to a ring that pierced the tip of the
blond slave boy's very small cock. I had never seen one so small before. It
couldn't have been more than one inch long.

   When the slave was down from the cross and they had removed her gag, she
rubbed her jaw, and wiping the drool from her face she said to me, "Get up on
the cross!"

   I mounted the cross, placing my arms on the uprights, and waited while the
slaves set about to binding me tightly to it. An extra board had been added
going straight up from the middle, behind my head. "We're going to strap you
tighter than usual, sara," the slave with the breast bar  explained, "in order
that you can't move when you are being pierced."

   "I know, thank you. Could you tell me your name?"

   'Slut is my name. I belong to Mistress Ilsa," she said, cinching the waist
strap tightly, causing me to exhale quickly.

    None of the others ventured a comment, they just continued with their task
of strapping me to the cross with multiple straps. When they were done, the
thick hard leather straps encircled my wrists, again just above my elbows, under
my arm pits, ankles, just above the knees, and an inch below my crotch. A much
wider and heavier belt was cinched tightly across my waist, constricting it, and
making deep breaths impossible. Another strap went around my throat, while
another was fastened across my forehead. "Can you move, sara," slut asked?

   I tried hard to move, but found that the only range of motion I still had was
in my feet and hands. "No, slut. I can't"


   Slut didn't bother with a reply, but she re-checked all of the bindings
herself, making sure they were as tight as they could possibly be. The slaves
all bowed and kissed my mons, and then they all wishes my congratulations. Then,
one by one, slut led them away from the cross, and they were all shackled to the
walls around the perimeter of the dungeon by their wrists, which were held high
over their heads by chains, pulling them up onto the balls of their feet. Slut
then knelt at the foot of the cross, and began to lap at my open sex, not trying
to bring me off, but controlling me, keeping me on the brink. Fully aroused.

   That was how Mistress Ilsa, Sir Campbell, and their guests found us when they
descended the dungeon stairs.

   "Please everyone, take a seat," Mistress invited them all. "Sir Campbell,
would You sit next to Me?"

   "With pride, Ilsa."

   "As some of You are aware," Sir Campbell began, "My new slave came to Me
because her previous owner didn't wish to give her the things she needed to
truly be a slave. I, however, intend to do all that, and more. Slave sara, as
she is to be known from this point on, has a fervent need to be enslaved in
irons, She desires to have the cold steel placed in her for Me, and it is My
wish that she bear the iron in her breasts, her clit and labia, and her septum.

   "Mistress Ilsa's good friend, Dr. Peters, will be performing the procedures.
You have all had the opportunity to examine His handiwork on slave slut's
breasts. He is highly regarded in both the straight community as well as in
ours."

   Sir Campbell turned to His right, and with the wave of His hand, introduced
the doctor, saying, "Dr. Peters, if You would be so kind, please proceed."

   Dr. Peters walked over in front of the cross where I was bound, and turned to
face the applause that was being offered on His behalf. "I have given a great
deal of thought," He proclaimed, "as to the order in which slave sara will
receive her irons. I have decided to begin with her septum. However, before I
begin, I'm going to apply vacuum bells  to her breasts first, in order that I
may stretch them out from her body to the maximum, in preparation for her
skewering.

   "Slut, if you would assist Me?"

   Slut stopped licking me, and getting up from her knees, she went for the
vacuum pump and cups. She held them out for Dr. Peters, and He placed one on my
left breast, holding it there, while slut attached the hose for the pump. The
cup was quite a bit larger than my nipple and areola. I started to moan as the
vacuum pressure sucked my breast deep into the cup, crushing it against the
walls of the cup. He repeated the procedure with my right breast, and then stood
back to allow the guests an unobstructed view.

   My head was too tightly bound to allow me the luxury of looking down at my
distended breasts, but from the sensations, my vivid imagination was sending
express images of what it must look like.

   "Slut, a tray please," Dr. Peters commanded.

   Slut picked up a small stainless steel surgical try that had been set up with
all of the supplies and instruments Dr. Peters would need. He began by pulling
on a pair of surgical gloves, and washing my nose with alcohol and then Betadine
solution. And then, taking a small marker pen, He marked both side of my nose,
about half an inch back from my nostrils.

   He stepped back to check the alignment of the marks. When He was satisfied
that the marks were even, He picked up a long thin needle, and held it up for
the guests to see. Then, He turned, and held it before my eyes, watching as the
terror in them grew to a satisfactory level for Him.

   "This is your wish, slave?"

   "If it will please my Master, yes."

   "It will please Me greatly," Sir Campbell answered.


    I tried to hold by breath, to calm my racing heart, as Dr. Peters put the
tip of the needle against the side of my nose and held it there, carefully
aligning it with the marks. Then, ever so slowly and deliberately, He increased
the pressure, forcing it through my nose. I was able to suppress my scream until
the needle hit the septum, then I started screaming with all my might as I felt
the crunch of the cartilage given way to the invading needle. When it passed
through the septum, I couldn't tell that it had exited my left nostril as well.

   I could feel blood dripping from my nose.

   "The bar and clasp, slut."

   Slut handed the surgical steel bar and clasp to Dr. Peters. He inserted the
two ends of the clasp up inside my nose, and then he began to push the bar
through the hole in my left nostril, taking care to line it up with the hole in
the clasp, then through the septum, the clasp, and finally, out the other side.
When it was in place, he took a small tube of blue Locktite from slut's hand and
applied a drop to the threaded ends of the bar, He screwed on the barbells on to
the bar, effectively locking it in place   The effect was striking; with the bar
and barbells protruding from the sides of my nose, I felt the 'U' clasp dangling
through my nostrils from the bar to the top of my upper lip.

   Tears ran from my eyes as a tremendous sense of pride washed over me. Steel
was now in my body. For Him!

   The guests all broke out in applause, which further fueled my elation.

   "Slut," the doctor barked, "Remove the vacuum cups and get the next nigger
size."

   "Yes, Dr. Peters," she obediently answered, as she released the pressure
valve on the cups and took them off. It had already become quite noticeable that
my breasts had started being reshaped by the vacuum pumping. Slut placed a
larger cup, which completely engulfed my naturally cone shaped tit, over it, and
Dr. Peters attached the hose and started pumping. Quickly my breast was sucked
up into the cup. Pulling it and contorting it as far as the malleable flesh
would allow. I was moaning softly from the dull ache in my chest. Dr. Peters
gave equal treatment to my other tit.


   He gave a tug on the two cups, checking to see that they were firmly attached
and stretching me to the limit, and ordered, "slut, another tray, please."

   Slut got a second tray of instruments and held it for Him. Dr. Peters removed
His gloves, and pulled on a fresh pair. He then prepped my clit with a wash of
alcohol, and then Betadine, and picking up a pair of forceps and a thick needle,
He knelt in front of my obscenely gapping sex.  He gripped my clit with the
forceps and pulled the sensitive organ down and away from my pussy as far as it
would go. Then, with His free hand, He lined up the needle and drove it through
the swollen bud, near the base. Instantly I cried out in pain.

   Dr. Peters released the grip on the forceps and saw that the needle was now
preventing my clit from retracting into it's usual 'safe haven.' "The ring,
please."

   Slut brought the tray nearer to Him, so that He could get the ring. It had a
diameter of two inches and was made of the finest surgical steel. He pushed it
through the hole, forcing the needle to back out simultaneously. Then He placed
the locking ball in the ring, and was done.

   The combination of the weight of the ring, and it's placement so near the
base of my clit, caused my ever so delicate flesh to stretch taut, making it's
presence all the more prominent.

   Once again, Dr. Peters changed His gloves, and then He cleaned my labia with
the alcohol and Betadine preps. He took a fresh pair of forceps from the tray,
and clamped them to the thick outer lip of my labia. He clamped the other lip
the same way, and took both sets of forceps in one hand, and stretches the lips
down, away from me, at least two inches. I was moaning again, as I fought the
urge to cry. With His other hand, He lined up the needle, and pushed it through
both labial lips together.

   I screamed like a wounded animal as the metal tore through me.

   "The 'U' clasp, slut."

   Once again, slut placed  the proffered tray in His reach, and he picked up
the clasp. He pulled the bar back so that the 'U' was supported on one side
only. Then, He inserted it into the piercing, both lips, and slid it through the
other side of the clasp. Using some more locktite and a locking cap, He screwed
it tightly into place. When He let go of the clasp, I immediately felt the
weight of the steel that pierced me, pulling my lips down.

    Dr. Peters turned to the assemblage. "The breast bars are the most difficult
to do properly, much trickier than the labial or clitoral piercings. Even
trickier than the septum. Slave sara's owner wants the breast bars places as
deeply as possible, close to the rib cage, in order that they may support her
weight. That is the reason I have been suctioning her breasts. It should make it
easier to pull them tightly and away from her as far as they can go, so that the
skewers can be run through the base of the breasts.

   "Slut, re-attach the pump and set it to the maximum pressure."

   "Yes, Sir," she answered, reaching for the pump. She attached the hoses to
the two suction cups and turned the pump to it's highest setting. By now, I was
starting to cry uncontrollably, as my very tender mounds were sucked even deeper
into the cups, distorting them and elongating my nipples to almost 3/4 of an
inch. My breasts were a deep crimson now, highlighted by the dark blue veins
which were bulging near the surface of the skin, menacingly, appearing like they
were ready to burst. 

   "Pull on the cups, slut, as hard as you can. Try to pull them off."

   Slut nodded, and began pulling on the cups. But, try as she may, they were
firmly attached, and wouldn't budge. All she was able to do was add to the
discomfort I was feeling.

   "Will it be more painful for her if You leave the pump of longer, Doctor,"
Sir Campbell asked?"

   "Most definitely," he replied. "They'll be even more engorged with blood.
They've turned red already, as You can obviously see, and will go a deep
crimson, and even become a dark purple if you wait long enough."

   "Then I propose we retire for some refreshments, and return in what, say,
half an hour?"	

   "She will most assuredly be purple by then," Dr. Peters confirmed.

   "Very good, then," Mistress Ilsa announced, standing up. "I have pastries and
coffee upstairs, we'll go relax for thirty or so minutes, and then finish the
steel.

   "Does anyone have any ideas as to how our slaves should amuse themselves in
our absence," Sir Campbell asked rhetorically?

   "How about having slut give them all a good whipping," a Mistress I didn't
know chimed in. "Say five each, one after the other, in succession, not stopping
until We return. Some of them could really use the color, I think."

   "I agree," Sir Richard exclaimed, "a fine idea. Might You have a preference
as to the implement uses?"

    "How about a crop?"

   "Slut, you heard Mistress Raven," Ilsa commanded. "  Take a crop and give
each slave five. One after the other. And don't stop until We return."

   "Yes, Mistress," she meekly answered.

   Mistress Ilsa, Sir Campbell and their guests left us alone, walking up the
stairs from the dungeon. Slut went over to the rack that held the different
whips and, selecting a red leather crop, she began whipping danielle's belly
first. After she had given five lashes to danielle, she moved to the next
hanging slave, a male, and gave him his due. And so it went, on down the line,
until it was my turn. She approached the cross and looked up into my face. A
sardonic smile greeted me as she prepared my first set of five strokes, hard,
across my mons, just above the fresh labial piercing.


   When she moved on to the other slaves, my mind would flood with worry over
how much the steel rods going through my breasts would hurt. It had to be much
worse than my clit or nose, I reasoned. It was going through the thickest part
of the flesh, as close to the chest as possible, through about five inches of
me!

   But I wanted it so! It had become an all consuming passion for me to have my
breasts pierced with steel rods. Mere nipple rings, no matter the gauge,
wouldn't suffice. I had already tried them. They couldn't come close to the bold
statement, the total commitment, the permanent disfigurement, that the bars
would provide. The clitoral and labial piercings were thick, far thicker than
usual, but even they weren't enough for me. I just had to have my breasts run
through. I needed to feel the sharpened point ripping through that part of me
that is the essence of femininity, the life sustaining suckling breasts. The
smooth skin violently torn, as the steel spear  invaded me.

   Each time slut would come back and face me for my next five lashes, I would
be deep in thought over what was going to be done to be very soon, and I would
only come back to the present after the first stroke would hit me. But, soon
after she would deliver the fifth lash, my mind would find it's way back again
to thinking about what was coming.

   Slut made it through all of us eight or nine times before my Master, Mistress
Ilsa, and their guests could be heard coming down the stairs that led to us in
the dungeon, to witness the final piercings I would receive.

   Dr. Peters came over to me as slut replaced the crop on the rack, and tugged
on one of the vacuum cups, saying, "See what I meant about the color? This dark
color means that her tits are full of blood, and extremely sensitive right now.
This will make her bleed more when I do the piercing.

   "That's fine, Doctor," Sir Campbell remarked, as He looked at the threatening
color my breasts had turned. "Let's proceed."

   As Dr. Peters pulled on a fresh pair of gloves and started by splashing
alcohol all over my breasts, He said, "slut, take the barbells out of her
nipples and replace them with a strong set of rings."


   I felt slut's cold fingers unscrewing the caps that held the barbells in me,
and push a thicker set of rings in the holes. When she was done, Dr. Peters
handed her a pair of chains, and said, "Clip these on the rings, and run them
into the pulley. Put three pounds of weights at the end. I need her breasts
pulled as far out as they will go." Then He throughly coated them both in three
applications of betadine solution.

   Slut ran the chain up onto the pulley, and started attaching the weights,
pulling my breasts out from my chest. I squeezed my eyes tight as I felt the
sharp point of the skewer touch my tightly drawn skin. I felt the pressure
building and heard a 'pop' as it ruptured the skin of my breast. Slowly and
deliberately, Dr. Peters pushed the skewer through my breast, making sure it was
going straight through. I wrenched at the straps that held me to the cross, my
screams filling the dungeon, trying futilely to free myself from the awful
racking searing pain that was consuming me. Dr. Peters didn't stop pushing until
the skewer had gone straight through me, and was protruding about two inches on
the other side.

   Dr. Peters pulled off His gloves and went for a glass of wine, waiting for me
to regain some composure. It took me about five minutes before I had ceased my
wailing and was breathing rapidly, but normally. When He felt I was ready, He
put on a new pair of gloves and prepped my other breast in the same fashion.

   I was biting my lip, tears falling from my eyes,  and I could feel myself
trembling in my bonds.  I felt as if my breast was being ripped right off my
chest. Then I felt that telltale point of the skewer against me, as He lined it
up with the other one, ready to drive it through. The anticipation was too much
for me, and I started screaming before He even started. The terrible burning 
pain stabbed through me, and I passed out.

    When I came to, I was in a confused state of pain and pleasure. My breasts
ached terribly, and were throbbing in rhythm to the pounding of my heart, which
I could feel from my head to my feet. My nose was throbbing in unison with it as
well, My labia didn't seem to hurt, but despite that, I was very aware of my
clit. It felt warm and tingly, like it was being licked.


   The straps that had bound my head and throat had been removed, so I timidly
bent my head down to find slut on her knees, ministering to my pierced bud. I
turned my head slightly to gaze at my breasts, and saw that the cruel skewers
were still imbedded in me. I had expected to see a lot of blood, but was
surprised to see only a few drops around the skewers on each side of my breasts.

   "She's awake slut. You may stop," Ilsa ordered.

   "Sir Campbell," Ilsa asked, "You wanted to place the iron in her?"

   "Yes Ilsa. I do," He answered, rising from His seat, where He had been
watching His new slave suffer for Him.

   I felt a weak smile beginning to cross my face as the realization came that
it would be my Master who would place the steel in my breasts, forever marking
me as a slave, for Him.

   Ever so gently, He cupped my right breast, and slid the 'U' clasp under it.
Then, as Dr. Peters slowly backed the skewer out, Sir Campbell pushed the thick
steel rod through, until it came through the clasp on the other side. I bit my
lip as I felt the cold steel rod entering my breast forever. He put some
Locktite on the rod, and locked the barbell on, screwing it tightly into place.

   When He had repeated the task on my left breast, He took both of the 'U'
clasps, and pulled them gently, until my eyes looked into His, and I softly
whispered, "Thank You, Master. I wear this steel for You."

   Sir Campbell kissed me softly on the mouth, and said, "you have been marked
by Me as Mine, forever. The steel will never let you forget that."

   Sir Campbell turned, and joining with Mistress Ilsa and the guests, they went
back up stairs, as slut began to unchain the other slaves. Then , all the slaves
took part in unfastening me from the cross, born as a new steel slave, and
ministered to my wounds.




                                                    SARA

                                          By Charles E. Campbell


                                           CHAPTER 2


                                       RE-TRAINING



    We drove forever through the unforgiving rain, in a palpable silence that
was punctuated only by the blinding headlights of an occasional passing car and
the incessant beat of the windshield wipers as they tried, valiantly, to keep
up. Master had not spoken to me since we left His apartment a few hours earlier.
In fact, He hadn't spoken to me even as He was whipping me last night, and then,
after that, He had just pointed to the mat on the floor at the foot of His King
Size bed, where I was to sleep. I knew nothing at all of the place to where I
was being taken. All I knew was that Master had decided that we had come to a
crossroads in our relationship, and He was going to give me one last final
chance to "understand," He had said.

   The drive dragged on forever. The heat from the defroster made the car's
interior feel like a sauna. Underneath my raincoat, I was naked and barefoot, my
hands cuffed behind my back by the steel bracelets I wear all of the time. The
only other things adorning my body were my steel ankle cuffs, and my steel
collar. I could feel droplets of sweat running down from under my arms.
My mind went back to Tuesday night's argument for the hundredth time. Sir
Campbell was "disappointed in my attitude." He felt that I "didn't understand
humility," that I took my position as His 24/7, collared slave "too lightly." He
felt that I treated the whole thing as "a game." He said that I needed to "learn
my place," to "be broken."

   I, on the other hand, had argued that I did everything that He required,
whenever He wanted, and that  was what a Master/slave relationship was about. He
had immediately countered my argument with, "you don't understand. You're too
young to understand. This isn't fantasy role-playing. This is your life! Our
life!"

   We had been through  this argument before, many times, but it really got bad
Tuesday night. Finally, He announced to me, "I've really had it, slave sara. I
mean it. I'm going to give you one chance to get it, and get it right. One
chance, and that's it. You will either understand what this is about and change
your attitude, or I will remove your collar, cuffs, and steel piercings, and
send you away!"


   I was crying uncontrollably at His threat. To be cast out! To have the steel,
which pierced my breasts, my nose, and my pussy removed, was beyond anything I
could bear. I fell to the floor at His feet, begging for His forgiveness, to be
granted one more chance. Imploring Him to have mercy on my youthful naivety.
Promising Him that I would change, that I would do anything He wanted. That I
would learn what He wanted me to learn, however He wanted me to learn it.
Pleading with Him not to send me away, to keep me as His steel slave.

   After what seemed like an eternity, He kicked me away and walked out of the
apartment, not returning for two days. I was left in a mind-frenzy, ravaged and
fueled by my rampant imagination. I slept very little, and ate even less. The
phone never rang, and I'm not permitted to use it without His permission. I
stared out the windows at the beautifully quaint and historic Gramercy  Park,
eight floors below, huddled in a blanket, listening for His key in the lock.
Reading was an arduous task, due to my inability to concentrate for more than a
few minutes at a time.

   Then, late Thursday afternoon, I heard the lock opening, and He came home. He
made me kneel at His feet, but He told me to look at Him while He spoke. He
said, "sara, you know how upset I am with you, and you know why I am upset. I've
given a lot of thought to our situation, and the only thing I can think of, is
that it's caused by our difference in age. You're only twenty-five. Can you
really know, really understand what it is you're seeking at such an age? I have
thirty years on you. I became involved in D/s before you were even born! I love
you deeply, I think you know that. Maybe that's why you are the way you are. But
I need, demand, more from you.

   "I know I have power over your body, all I have to do for proof is look at
the rings you wear for Me. But you wear them for yourself just as much, if not
more than, you wear them for Me. You need them more than I do, and that's the
root of the problem between us.

   "What all that steel represents to you is enough for you. It was what you
couldn't get from your last owner, so it drove you, consumed you. It's the sole
reason you left Him and became Mine. But, now that I've had that steel placed in
you, you have nothing that can compare with it, to motivate you, to drive you,
to take you to new places, experiences. Broadening you as a slave.

   "I have power over your body, but not over your mind, and that's what I need!
I need to control you in every manner shape and form; from what and when you
eat, to when and where you sleep. From when you shit and piss, to what you
think. Total dominance. Absolute control. That's what I want. It's what I am
demanding. But I don't know if you're able to give that to me. Your arrogance
and conceit won't let you. We need to get passed that. I need to break your
spirit, your will, so that all that remains is your need to accommodate Me,
physically and mentally. Then, and only then, can you be my true slave!"

   From the floor, I looked up into His eyes, and through my tears that streamed
down my face, I answered sheepishly, "Master, I signed a contract to be Yours,
however that might mean for You. Please, I'm pleading with You, please allow me
just one more chance to learn what it is You wish. I will not let You down, I
swear!"


   "Very well then. I will give you one last chance. If you don't live up to My
expectations, I will tear up the contract, remove your steel, and set you free." 

  I shuddered at the thought, as I gratefully said, "Thank You, Master," and
bent over to kiss His feet.

   That had been the last He had spoken to me. And now, here we sit, alone
together in His car, going where, only He knows, and for what reason, only He
knows.

   The rain hadn't eased at all during the course of the trip, in fact the storm
seemed to grow in intensity, wild gusts of wind buffeting the car and whipping
the passing trees, ripping leaves and branches across the highway. The dark
dismal sky allowed only murky illumination of the passing villages that seemed
to be getting further and further apart. They all looked pretty much the same; a
video store/convenience store/gas station/pizzeria/deli, a bar and post office,
and that was about the extent of it. I saw a sign that read, "Sullivan County."
The area we were in wasn't affluent at all, to say the least. Tar paper covered
many of the small ranch houses that dotted the roads. Abandoned cars surrounded
by tall uncut grass, along with broken rusty bicycles and toys littered the
landscape as we proceeded on our way.

   Sir Campbell eased the BMW to the side of the road, and, with the engine
still running, He turned to me and spoke, "Get out and come to My door."

   I did as He said, the rain soaking my hair quickly, and the wind lashing it
across my face. He put His window down and said, "Turn around!" I obeyed, and
felt Him unlock my hands and slide my raincoat off. Then He locked the cuffs
back in place, before I even had a chance to shake my hands out and get some
circulation flowing.

   "Turn!"

   I faced Him, naked in the deluge, my hair matted to my face now, a car drove
by slowly. "This is your wish Slave, your one last final chance. Do you see that
driveway over there, the one lined with pine trees?"

   "Yes, Master."

   "Cross the street and walk up the road. I'll be back for you in a week or so,
either to bring you home, or void the contract, that's up to you," the driver's
side door opened up suddenly, and with His booted foot, He kicked me in the
stomach, knocking me back into the drainage ditch on the other side of the road,
slamming His door as He drove off.

   I struggled to get to my feet, the slippery grass lined sides of the ditch,
combined with my hands cuffed behind me, made for an arduous task. I slipped
back into the dirty water many times, cutting the back of my left calf on a
broken beer bottle. A few cars went by, but in the heavy rain, I wasn't noticed.


   When I finally got myself out of the ditch, I waited, listening and looking
to be sure there were no cars coming, and dashed across the street to the
relative safety of the towering pine tree that lined the rutted dirt road. The
'U' clasps hanging from my breasts slapping against my rib cage as I ran. My leg
hurt from the cut, and I stopped to assess the damage. The cut was long, maybe
three inches, but fortunately, it wasn't too deep. The rain made the bleeding
look a lot worse than it actually was. I picked my way up the road, near the
edge, for fear of being seen. My mind was in overdrive attempting to outguess
where I was going, and what awaited me. The road made a sharp turn to the left,
and then began a steep steady climb. My hair was clumped over my eyes, making it
very difficult to see. The loose rocks and stones in the well worn road caused
me to trip many times, scrapping my knees and shins.

   Suddenly, I heard a car coming up behind me, so I scampered off the road into
the pine needles and leaves. I lay as flat and still as I could, hoping the
occupants wouldn't see me in the driving rain. The car passed slowly, without
incident. I got to me knees and stood up, covered in leaves, dirt, and pine
needles, listening through the downpour for any out of place sounds. Hearing
none, I proceeded, once again, up the rutted road, the rain washing most of the
debris from my body.

   I had no idea how far I had walked, but the road began to level off, and a
broad cleared area became visible through the trees. A spacious log cabin with a
wrap around porch came into view, as I tentatively left the road, crouching
behind a rock as soon as I saw it. Three people were sitting on the porch, it
looked like two women and a man, but in the heavy rain it was hard to be
certain. They appeared to be in their late teens or early twenties. I scanned
the area, trying to decide what to do, a saw another building, a small barn, and
what appeared to be like a woodshed.

   I tried to sneak up closer without being detected, but one of the women saw
me, and called out, "She's here, Mama, over by the big rock!"

   A tall woman appeared through the cabin door, looking in my direction. "It's
alright, sara," she called out. "C'mon over here and get out of the rain!"

   With trepidation, I slowly stood and stepped out from obviously inadequate
hiding place.

   "Meredith, go and fetch her over her," I heard the woman order.

   Without a word, one of the two women got up and ran down the steps from the
porch, splashing through the puddles in long strides as she ran across the yard.
Right away, I could see that she was barefoot, and dressed only in a pair of
cut-off jeans, her small pert breasts bouncing as she bounded towards me.  When
she reached me, I could see that she was in her late teens, probably eighteen or
nineteen. Her light auburn hair was pulled back in a high ponytail.  Her eyes
were a deep sapphire blue with very light eyebrows. She wasn't at all self
conscious about her toplessness, nor was she the slightest bit surprised to see
a naked woman with her hands cuffed behind her. I did see her gawk at the steel
that pierced my breasts, and then my labial steel, and finally my nose.

   She took hold of my arm and lead me to the cabin, saying, "My name's
Meredith, what's yours?"

   "Slave sara," I replied.

   "Good to meetcha, sara. We haven't had a guest here in a long time. Mama said
I'm old enough now, so's I can get my turns with you! I can't wait!"

   I had absolutely no clue what she was talking about, and didn't have time to
ask, as we neared the porch. "Scrub here down good, Meredith," her mother
ordered, "then bring her in the back door and dry her off. I'll be waiting in
the den."

   "Yes, mama."

   Meredith took me bay the arm, and lead me across the meadow to the barn. "You
wait here," she said, as she let go of my arm and opened the barn door.

   She disappeared inside for a few minutes, returning with a bucket of soapy
water and a brush. Saying nothing, she dipped the brush in the bucket, and began
scrubbing me with it. "Ouch," I yelped, as the coarse bristles scrapped my skin.
Meredith paid no heed to my outburst, lathering and scrubbing me from my
shoulders to me feet.

   "Spread your legs for me, sara," her soft voice commanded. I did as I was
told, and jumped as the brush scratched my sex. "Oh stand still, sara. This is
nothing. Just wait 'til you see what Mama's got in store for ya!"

   "Wh....what? What is she going to do? Meredith? What is this place?"

   "You'll be findin' out soon enough, that's for sure!"

   When I had been washed and scrubbed to her satisfaction, she took the bucket
and scrub brush back into the barn, re-emerging with a milk crate and  another
bucket, this one filled with clear water. She put the crate on the ground at my
feet, then, taking the bucket of rinse water in her hand, she got on the crate,
and dumped the cold water on my head, rinsing off all the soap.

   "A violent shiver made my body quake from the shock of the sudden cold. "Time
to dry you off and bring you to Mama," Meredith said, as she stepped off the
crate. She put the bucket and crate back in the barn, and grabbing my upper arm,
she lead me to the back of the cabin.

   She pulled the screen door open, and stepped aside as I walked in. "Stand on
the mat!"

   I stood still as she dried me with a towel. It felt nice and soft as she
patted me dry from head to foot, rubbing my hair, unconcerned about the tangles.
When she was through, I was a disheveled mess, but clean. It was then that
Meredith noticed the cut on my leg, "You're cut!"

   "Yes, I know. I think I might have cut my foot as well."

   "Mama will take care of it. Let's go and greet her!"

   She took me into the den, where I found her mother, and two other people, one
male, the other female, and both of them were naked, on the floor. He had his
face buried in her crotch as Meredith's mother coaxed him on; "C'mon, Craig.
C'mon. You can do better than that! Either you make her cum, or I'll have
Meredith do it, and I won't let you play with our new guest tonight either!"

    "Yes, Mama," he mumbled from between the wide splayed legs. `

   "Here she is, Mama," Meredith broke in. All cleaned up like you wanted. She's
got a cut on her leg, though, and she say's she might have one on her foot too.

      "Thank you, Meredith. I'll look into it."

    "Kneel before Her, sara," Meredith barked, pushing me down with her hand on
my shoulder.

   Rapidly, I was pushed to the floor.

    "I'm Alicia, sara," she said, turning to face me. "You will address Me as
Alicia, or Goddess. Is that understood?"

    "Yes, Alicia," I hastily replied. She wasn't beautiful, at least not in the
most familiar way, but She had a statuesque, almost classical appearance. Her
hair was the same shade as Meredith's, but with some delicate wisps of gray
streaking through it. Her eyes were that same shade of sapphire as well. She was
dressed plainly and casually in a white tee shirt and worn Levis blue jeans. She
was barefoot, and she wore no nail polish on her fingers or toes. In fact, she
was completely devoid of any sort of make-up anywhere on her body.

   "May I assume that you know the reason you are here?"

   "Yes, Alicia. I do."

   "Then, if you would be so kind as to explain it to Me, so that neither of us
has any misunderstandings."

   "Yes, Alicia. Certainly," I answered, with an air of forced politeness in my
tone.

   "I belong to Sir Campbell. I am His steel slave. He had me pierced with steel
for Him six months ago."

   "Don't waster My time, Cunt! I', well aware of all of that! Do you think I'm
blind, or stupid? Tell Me the reason you are here today, right now, facing Me in
My home, naked. And cut the insolence out of your voice or I'll do it for you!"

   "Yes, Goddess. I'm sorry. Please forgive me."


   "You see," She continued, "that's the root of all of your problems. Not
everyone is as interested in your steel as you are. Some people might stare at
it, and you like that, but some won't pay it a second thought, and that bothers
you.

    "You see, the steel alone doesn't make you worthy of being called a slave.
You're going to have to learn to overcome your 'regal airs' if you wish to be a
slave to Sir Campbell. While you are here, you will learn that there is nothing
that is beneath you, but rather that you are beneath everything. Now, please
continue."

   "Thank you, Alicia, I'm sorry," I stammered, taken aback, and deeply crushed
by Her accusations and aggravated manner. "My owner, Sir Campbell, has sent me
here to You to break my spirit. To make me completely submissive. But not
because it's want I want, it's because it's what He wants, and what I need."

   "And what are you willing to endure in order to meet His wishes, sara?"

   "I'......I'll do anything, Alicia. Anything at all. I have to prove to Sir
Campbell that I can be what He wants me to be. For Him. That's all I want."

   We were interrupted by the girl moaning and writhing on the floor as an
orgasm swept through her and she lost control. "Did it, Mama," Craig exclaimed,
pushing himself up from between the girl's legs.

   As he stood, I could see that he was a solid six feet tall, his hair sprayed
into a spiked punk style. His body had been sculpted by years of weight
training, and his abs were rock hard and rippled, a perfect example of a
'six-pack." Both of his nipples were pierced  with thick gold rings. He had a
prince Alpert piercing of his penis, with a steel ring adorning it.  He wore a
studded black leather collar with matching bracelets. I noticed his raging hard
on sticking out from his well defined and  alluring body. Pre-cum glistened on
the glans. "You want some of this, slave," he inquired in an arrogant mocking
tone? He held the tip of his thick cock right in my face, inches from my mouth.
Then he twisted and smacked my cheek with the hard meat. Laughing, he turned and
bent over, pushing his hairy ass in my face, and farted.

   Meredith found this very amusing, and broke out in hysterical laughter.

   "This is my son, Craig," Alicia said. You've met My youngest daughter,
Meredith."  And gesturing to the floor, she added, "and that's Craig's twin
sister, Becky."


   Becky sprung to her feet with the whip like fluid agility of a practiced
gymnast, and stood before me, next to her twin. Her lithesome body almost looked
pre-pubescent, although I knew she had to be about twenty if she was Craig's
twin. She was very skinny, maybe eighty-five pounds tops, and was a good five
foot seven or eight. Her chest was completely flat, no swell to her breasts at
all. Only the thick pebble hard nipples jutting proudly from her dark chocolate
brown areolas gave any inkling above her waist as to her gender.   Both of her
eyebrows were pierced and her finger and toe nails were painted black. Her hair
had been dyed inky black, and she had thick red plastic studs in her earlobes.
Her pussy was completely engulfed and hidden  in a coarse and dense forest of
black hair, which continued well down her thighs. Small tufts of hair peeked
from her armpits as well.  "Kiss my pussy, slave," she commanded.

   I leaned over and kissed the hair covered  mound repeatedly, the rough hair
tickling my nose.  After a little while, she backed away.

    "The rules in My house are quite simple, cunt," Alicia began. You will do
whatever you are told to do, by anyone who tells you to do it. You will prepare
all of our meals, do the laundry, make the beds, wash the dishes, and any other
domestic chores you are given. If we entertain guests, you will obey them as
well.

   "Have you any questions?"

   "T...two, if I may, Goddess."

   "Yes?"

   "Do You know how long I will be here?"

   "About ten days is all. If I can't break you by then, there's nothing I can
do."

   "Um,.....my period is due in two days, and I didn't bring any tampons."

   "You'll have no need of them here. I don't allow them. Bleeding is a natural
part of being a woman, and I don't believe it should be disguised. Besides,
slaves should  bleed like the animals that they are!

   "Now, show Me those cuts on your leg and foot."

   After She had tended to my wounds, determining that they would heal by
themselves, Alicia removed my handcuffs and told Meredith to give me a tour of
the cabin and grounds.

   She took first to the basement, and showed me the pile of straw where I would
sleep, tethered to the wall by a stout chain.

   Meredith then lead me outside to visit the barn and the other building. The
rain had let up, but the mud squished through my toes as we walked to the barn.
In the front of the barn, right behind the double doors, was a large Black Dodge
Dakota pick-up truck, and alongside that, was an old red Triumph TR3, both in
pristine condition, Then she took me to the other building. My curiosity was
piqued until she swung open the door, exposing an expansive and well equipped
torture chamber.


   A heavy St. Andrew's cross dominated the center of the room. There were
shackles hanging from the ceiling joists. Whips, floggers, crops, and paddled
adorned the walls. A glass fronted cabinet with dildos, strap-ons, plugs,
clothes pins, clamps, and other 'toys' was against the left side wall. "This is
where we spend our evenings, sara," Meredith proclaimed proudly. "Mama says we
have everything we could ever need right here!"

   My mind was racing when I thought about what these three kids had been
involved in. "We need to get back to the house, sara," Meredith announced,
breaking my thoughts, "but first, I want to taste your asshole! Bend over and
spread your cheeks so I can see it."

   I did as she directed, remembering Alicia's command that I was to obey
everyone in the house, and felt the soft war tongue begin to probe my puckered
hole. I felt my face begin to flush with embarrassment at what this teenager was
doing, her tongue beginning to explore the hole, and force it's way into the
musky passage.

   After a few minutes, she stopped and said, "Your turn." She dropped her
cut-offs and stepped out of them, exposing her cotton panties, festooned with
bright blue and pink flowers. She slid the panties off, kicking them away, as
she said, "C'mon!"

     Meredith got down on the dirt floor on all fours and pulled her small
cheeks apart. I got on my knees behind her and stared at the two holes beckoning
me. Light wisps of hair outline them both as I neared the smaller one.
Tenuously, I began to lick the little bud, but Meredith would have none of this.
Backing herself into my face, grinding her hole into me. "Put your tongue up
inside me, sara. I like that best."

   I pushed my tongue past the tightly clenched muscle, tasting shit as I went
deeper. I started to fuck her bud with my tongue, and she picked up on the
rhythm quickly, rocking up and back to increase the pressure. "Play with me,"
she ordered. "Make me cum!"

   I reached up with my right hand and found her tiny clit and started rubbing
gently, but rhythmically. "More, sara. Harder," she cried. I rubbed her clit
hard with three fingers while my tongue reached as deep as it could into her
ass. Finally, a moan began building in her, and she shook as her climax washed
through her. "Kiss my pussy," she ordered, bouncing to her feet, as if nothing
had happened.

   I bent forward and kissed her mons. "We'd better get back," she giggled.
"You've gotta make dinner, and, not bothering to get dressed, she scooped up her
clothes and dashed for the cabin, dodging the high winds and heavy rain that had
returned. I followed behind her. '  

   "The menu's on the fridge," Becky called out from the den, where she was
watching tv.

   I headed back to the kitchen where I found the menu for tonight's meal under
a magnet. It wasn't a difficult meal to prepare; fried chicken, rice and steamed
string beans. In between the cooking chores, I set the table in the kitchen,
noticing that there were only four chairs at the table.

   Becky came in quietly, and startled me, "Mom likes water with her meal. Craig
and I get white wine, and Meredith gets soda. How soon 'til it's ready?"

   "About fifteen minutes or so," I answered. "Maybe twenty."

   "Make sure you serve it before you call us. We don't like to wait."

   When I had piled the food on the plates and set them out with the drinks, I
called out through the kitchen door that the meal was ready. Meredith was the
first to burst on the scene, followed closely by Becky. Alicia and Craig came in
together, a minute later, and took their seats. "Lay on your back and play with
yourself," Alicia ordered, "but don't even think of cumming."

   "Yes, Goddess," I answered, getting down on the floor and spreading my legs.
I was surprised to find how wet I was.

   After they ate, Alicia said, "Clear our plates into that dish and put it on
the floor wlong with a pan of water. You will learn to eat like the animal you
are."

    I cleared the plates as instructed and put the food scraps and water dish on
the floor, and , getting down on my hands and knees, I began eating their
leftovers.

   "Wag your ass while you eat, bitch," Craig yelled.

   "She needs a tail, Mama," Becky observed.

   "Then give her one," Alicia replied.

   "Let me get it, Mama," Meredith chimed, jumping up from her seat and heading
out the back door.

   Meredith returned a few minutes later and shoved a dry butt plug up my ass.
It had twelve inches of horse hair on the end, dangling almost to my knees. "Wag
it now, cunt," Becky ordered.

   I kept up the rhythmic swaying while eating the meager scraps. Then I stuck
my face in the water dish and lapped at the tepid water. While I was drinking,
Alicia got up from the table and walked over by where I was, and without
warning, She drove Her Timberline boot right into my stomach. I fell to the
floor, coughing and clutching at my stomach, as I struggled to breath. I coughed
so hard that I threw up.

   "Clean it up, slave," Alicia said matter-of-factly.

   I slowly pushed myself to my knees to get a towel, when She kicked me again,
this time across my left breast. I was knocked over by the brute force of Her
attack, and spilled the ramining water that was in the pan onto the floor.

   "With your tongue, cunt. That's your dinner your wasting!"


   Humiliation and sheer disgust ripped through me as I stared at the vomit on
the floor. I never felt so degraded before in my whole life. This wasn't some
fun and games bondage sessions, or fantasy rape role-playing. This was real.
Debasing, humiliating, and gross. I hesitated too long and was rewarded with
another kick in the breast, this one knocking my face into the pool of fresh
vomit.

   "This isn't a choice, cunt. Remember, you asked Sir Campbell for this. You
pleaded and begged him for it. So stop the shit, and do it!"

   Then, turning to Becky, She said, I can see why Sir Campbell sent her to Me.
Let this be a lesson to you, to all three of you! She's far from being a proper
slave. She likes to think she's a slave, and plays at going through the motions,
but she has no idea what it means to be a slave. Children, from now on, no one
will refer to her as sara, and definitely not as slave. Only call her cunt!"

   "Yes, mama," the three siblings responded obediently. 

   Gingerly, I rolled over, and, closing my eyes, I licked slowly at the vile
smelling mess, eating it, and trying very hard no to bring it back up a second
time.

   When I had cleaned the floor to Alicia's satisfaction, she nodded to Craig,
and he grabbed my hair and yanked my head back hard, saying, "Clean the dishes
up, cunt, then I want you to crawl to the dungeon on your hands and knees. No,
better yet," he rethought. "I want you to slither through the mud on your belly.
When you get there, I want to hear you whimper like a stray dog to get in."

   "Yes, Craig."

   The kitchen was easy to straighten up, loading the dishes into the
dishwasher, wiping the table, and washing the pots and pans. When it was neat
and tidied up, I crawled out the back door and slithered over to the dungeon
through the mud and grass, and upon reaching the door, I whimpered like a dog,
wanting to get in.

   The door was pulled open by Becky, but I was no where prepared for the sight
that greeted my eyes. Meredith had been strapped to the cross, naked, and Craig
was whipping her with a wire coat hanger. Her screams bounced against the
heavily padded and insulated walls. His strokes were hard and true, and wicked
nasty thin red welts lined the front of her delicate body from he nipples to
just above her knees.

   "What do you say, Meredith," Alicia asked from Her huge throne-like chair on
a raised podium.

   "Please, mama, she sobbed, "make him hit me some more. Please? Make him do it
harder."

   "Good girl, Meredith.

   "Craig, another thirty please. But listen to your younger sister, and do it
harder."


   "Yes Ma'am," he answered enthusiastically, a broad grin stretching across his
face. "Count for me Meredith. And if you mess up or lose count, I'll stop, and I
won't do it again for a month!"

   "One," she bellowed as he sliced the wicked wire into her soft thigh.
"Two.....Three....."

    Tears were welling up in my eyes as I watched the spectacle unfolding before
me. That should be me up there, not this teenager. Jealousy was driving my
thoughts, because I knew that I could impress them if they would give me a
whipping like that.

   I watched from the doorsill until she lost count at nineteen. Craig started
to taunt her, "No more for you. You can't count. You can't count!"

   This made Meredith cry even more. "Now Craig," Alicia reprimanded, "don't
tease your sister. She's gotten a lot better than Becky did when she was her
age." Then, facing me, she said, "Crawl back to the basement and chain your clit
to the wall. We have no need of you tonight, cunt!"

   Dejected and disappointed, I retraced my path through the grass and mud and
crawled back to the cabin and down the stairs into the basement, where I fumbled
in the dark for the hay pile, and chained myself to the wall by the ring in my
clit. Exhausted from my long day, I quickly fell into a deep sleep. I semi-awoke
to the sound of someone checking to see that the chain was fastened as ordered.
When they were satisfied, one of the women straddled me, and pissed all over me.
Whoever it was, they just walked away when they were finished, and left me well
and smelling of urine.

   Craig woke me up as he tossed a bucket of ice cold water on me. He bent down
and slapped my face twice, very hard, and then undid my chain. "Get up and fix
our breakfast, we gotta go to work."

   "I......I have to go to the bathroom," I whispered sheepishly.

   "So then go in the straw, cunt."

   I waited for him to leave, but the realization that he was going to stay and
watch hit me quickly. I felt my face burning crimson as I squatted and peed, and
then evacuated my bowels. Instinctively I looked for something to wipe with, and
then remembered where I was. I started to get up to go to the kitchen to make
the breakfast, when Craig's fist slammed into my stomach, knocking me back into
the pile of hay. "Crawl, cunt. Never stand unless we tell you to!"

   Coughing and crying, I crawled over to the wooden stairs and made my way up
to the kitchen. I didn't realize how sore my knees were from last night until I
started up the stairs. Becky and Meredith were already at the kitchen table
drinking juice and waiting for me. "I want corn flakes and raisin toast,"
Meredith exclaimed when she saw me.

   "Just coffee, light and sweet and an English muffin for me," Becky ordered.


    I prepared their food and watched as they gulped it down. Becky chewed the
last big mouthful meticulously, and mumbled through the food, "Kneel here, and
open your mouth."

   When I was on my knees at her side, my mouth open, she stood up, and slowly
opened her mouth, allowing the glob of chewed muffin to fall into my mouth.
Then, before I could close my mouth, Craig called out, "Wait!" He came over, and
coughed up a thick wad of phlegm, which he spit into my mouth on top of my
'food.'

   Meredith wanted to get in on the act as well, and called out, "help me pee in
her mouth, you guys!"

   Meredith pulled her panties down from under her skirt, and Craig and Becky
each grabbed a leg and hoisted her over my still open mouth. The strong stream
of urine washed into my mouth, and I fought hard to swallow the disgusting
mixture.

   "Clean me, cunt," Meredith said when the stream had abated. I swallowed the
remaining remnants and licked her until the taste of urine was gone. They put
her down and she pulled up her panties.

   "We're gonna be late," Craig called out as he ran for the door. "Mom left you
a note, cunt. It's on the fridge."

   The three kids bolted out the door and were gone in a frenzied flash as they
ran to Craig's car. I cleared up their breakfast dishes and unloaded the
dishwasher from last night. Then I spied the message on the refrigerator. I
pulled it out from under the magnet, and took a seat at the table, and began to
read.

   "My kids are having fun with you, cunt, but be sure of this, I won't be. What
I put you through will make their childish games seem like nothing.

   "When you have finished cleaning the kitchen, you will dust and vacuum the
house, make the beds, and do the laundry. At precisely 10:00, I expect to see
you kneeling in the dirt in front of the house."

    My heart pounded at the foreboding threat in the note. Looking at the clock,
I realized I had but two hours to get all the appointed tasks completed before
the 10:00 deadline. Rushing about, I ran through the tasks, and made it outside
with about four minutes to spare. The heavy rains had departed, leaving a hazy
humid steamy day. I knelt in front of the house, and waited.

   Time moved at a snail's pace as I began to sweat in the hot morning sun.
Alicia called out to me from an upstairs bedroom window, "Right on time I see.
Very good. I'm impressed. I hope for your sake that your chores are all done to
My liking!

   "Crawl out across the field, straight out from the front door. You'll find a
bare spot inn the grass. Wait for Me there. Kneeling!"

   "Yes, Goddess," I called up to Her. I began the arduous crawl out to across
the field. My knees raw from the abrasions of crawling everywhere. Small stones
caused me to wince in pain as they found their way under my hands knees and
feet. After about five minutes of crawling, I located the clearing. It had no
grass at all, just very hard packed earth. I knelt, and I waited. I have no idea
how long I knelt in wait, but the sound of the screen door slamming brought me
back to the present, and I watched Alicia walk out to where I was, carrying a
backpack. When She reached the clearing, She said, "Time for a little dose of
'Patience 101,' cunt. On your back."

   When I was stretched out, She pulled some leather straps, that were wet from
having been soaked in water, out of the pack and tied them securely to my wrists
and ankles. Then she took out a hammer and some tent pegs and staked me out in
the sun, pulling my arms taut, and spreading my legs wide apart, tying me to the
pegs.

   After She was sure of my complete discomfort, She took a jar of honey out of
the pack, uncapped it, and poured it over me from my neck to my toes. She
repeated the process with a squeeze bottle of strawberry jam. "Open!"

   I opened my mouth, and watched as She pulled off Her tight black denim jeans
and squatted over my face. "Drink it all, cunt. You're going to be very thirsty
before you get to see Me again."
The dark yellow urine began to splatter on my face and in my mouth. I drank down
as much of the acrid liquid as I could. When she was done, She picked up Her
jeans, slung them over Her shoulder, and said, "Have a nice day!"

   The sound of Her departing footsteps was soon gone, and I was left with the
sounds from the nearby woods. The sun and heat caused me to sweat heavily, and
the sticky mixture made me itch. No, it wasn't the mixture at all, it was
insects! I lifted my head as far as my bondage would allow, to find mosquitos,
ants, and flies helping themselves, and there wasn't anything I could do about
it!

   The sun had passed it's peak, and I could feel the tingling sensation of the
sunburn on my face and chest, my thirst had become all-consuming in my mind. The
leather straps had long since dried up in the relentless sun, and had shrunk,
cutting off the circulation to my hands and feet. My wrists and ankles ached
from the straps, and my shoulders and groin were cramped into sheer agony. The
onslaught of insects was constant, I could feel them crawling all over me, with
occasional sharp pinches. Not painful really, but a presence that helped make
sleep out of the question. From out of no where, I heard the sound of someone
approaching. Frantically, I turned my head every way I could, but to no avail.
My visitor stayed out of my limited range of sight.

   "I thought I'd come out and have a little fun with you, cunt, but you're a
fucking mess!"

   It was Craig, home from his job. He moved closer, so that his body blocked
the sun from my eyes. Squinting up, I looked into his face. When he was sure he
held my attention, he put his foot on my right breast and ground down on it
hard, like he was crushing out a cigarette on the sidewalk. The pain was
intense, and I failed in my feeble attempt to deny him the pleasure of my
screams.

   "Aw, does it hurt that much, cunt? Let's try this, then," he said, as he
reached down and grabbed the 'U' clasps in my breasts, one in each hand. A
steadily increasing pull was causing my back to arch as far as the restrictive
leather straps would allow. He didn't stop pulling until I was screaming in
pain. Then, suddenly, he let go, kicked me in the thigh, and walked away.

   Sometime later, I woke from a groggy haze to find Meredith standing over me,
blocking the sun. Looking up, I saw that she held a large hunting knife in one
hand. "Time for you to make our dinner, cunt." She bent down and looked at my
swollen purple hands.

   "I want to cut you. I want to watch you bleed, cunt. Tell me where you'd like
me to, and then, I'll set you free."

   "Wh....what, did you say," I asked frozen in disbelief?

   "I said I want to cut you and see you bleed. Then I asked you where you
wanted me to cut you."

   "Wh....where...ever you want, Meredith."

   "No! I want you to choose cunt."

    "Would you like to cut my stomach," I meekly offered?

   "Yes!" Meredith knelt at my side and held the eight inch blade before my
eyes, allowing me the chance to see it's keenly honed edge. Then, ever so
slowly, she lowered the blade, and pricked the tightly stretched skin on my
belly, just below my naval, with the tip. I could feel the skin separating as
she slowly and deliberately drew the knife across my belly. The sensation from
the seeping warm blood was forthright.

   When she was through, she bent over, and pressed her face into the blood,
licking across the cut. She sat up, and began to cut away the leather straps
that bound me, and I could see my blood smeared across her mouth. She kissed me
on my lips, and I tasted my own blood. Then she said, "I'll meet you at the barn
cunt. Gotta clean you up before you come in the house again."
And she ran off towards the barn.

   I rolled over slowly, looking at the blood coming from the cut across my
stomach, and began the slow, agonizing crawl back to the barn, where Meredith,
once again, washed me down with the hard bristled brush and soapy water. The
brush was all the more painful, due to the sunburn, insect bites, and Meredith's
cut.

   When they had all eaten their meals, I ate greedily from the left over
scraps, and gulped down all the water in the dog dish. "Clean up the kitchen,
cunt. Then I want you to come to the dungeon," Alicia said, as She rose from the
table.

   "Come children. Time to play," she added, walking out.


   Chores completed, I out the back door and out to the dungeon. The night air
was cool and I shivered because of my sunburned body. The sky was alive with
stars as I made my way, wondering what I might expect tonight.

   When I reached the door, I whimpered as I had the night before, but the door
didn't open. I whimpered louder, but the door remained shut. Not sure about what
I was to do, I nudged the door with my forehead, and felt it give slightly.
Pushing a bit harder, I heard Alicia call out to me, "Come in, cunt."

   Crawling in, I saw that tonight it was Becky's turn. She was on all fours
with Meredith's face buried deeply in her ass. Craig was kneeling in front of
her, and she was zealously sucking him off. Alicia stood over them all, flogging
Becky's back with a leather flogger.

   "Suck it deeper, Becky," Alicia coached, "And Craig, don't even think of
cumming, or you'll spend the night in the barn hanging from your wrists.

   "Get your tongue up her ass and clean it out, Meredith. Remember, I'm going
to inspect her hole when you're through, and there had better not be anything on
my finger when I pull it out."

   I knelt by the door, staring incredulously at the bizarre scene enfolding
before my eyes. Alicia continued with the flogger, Becky's back a deep and
troubled red. Her cries were muffled by Craig's thick cock that was stuffed down
her throat, and she wasn't gagging!

   "Crawl over here and make yourself useful, cunt," Alicia ordered between
swings.

   Excited that I would finally get a chance to prove myself to Her, I crawled
eagerly over, and knelt next to Her, awaiting Her wishes. "Is this how a slave
behaves? Don't you know how to greet Me properly?"

   "Without further prompting, I bent over and began licking Her work boots,
tasting the dirt and grit that covered them. "They'd better be nice and shiny,
cunt, or I'll go for a walk around the compost pile and let you start again."

   I was licking Her boot from the bottom to the top, cleaning them completely,
when I heard Her say, "You both may cum." As if on cue, both Becky and Craig
came at the same time, Becky swallowing every ounce of his abundant spurts of
juice.

   "What about me, mama? I want a turn," Meredith whined.

   "Not tonight, dear, and you certainly know better than to ask Me

   "Becky, bend over."

   Becky got up, and bent over, facing away from her mother, presenting her ass
bud to Her. Alicia slid a finger in and massaged it around, before pulling it
out and inspecting it.

   "Becky?"

   Without an order, or standing up, Becky turned and licked off the proffered
finger. Alicia then turned to me, and said, "You've missed the most important
part, cunt>" She lifted one of her boots, displaying the mud - clogged cleats.
Taking my cue, I supported Her boot with both hands, and began cleaning the
cleats out.

   Later that evening, as I lay in the dark, atop the dank, wet, smelly hay,
chained to the wall by my clit ring, I thought about how all it seemed that I
was doing was domestic chores, and experiencing filthy, demeaning abuse at the
hands of Alicia and Her three children. No one had whipped me. No one had made
me cum. My pussy was starved for release. It was wet constantly. My beautiful
hair was an absolute tangled mass of knots. Scratches and cuts covered my body,
but no trace from a whip or crop could be found. My hands, knees, and the tops
of my feet were dried out and cracking from crawling everywhere I went. I felt
useless. Less than human. Was this what Sir Campbell wanted of His slave?




SARA

By Charles E. Campbell

Chapter 3


MY LIFE WITH ALICIA


    A bucket of icy cold water roused me from my dream racked sleep. Craig was
roughly unlocking the chain from my clit ring. "You'd better hurry up with our
breakfast. If I'm late for work, be sure I'll take it out on you!"

   "Yes, Craig," I answered. I squatted to pee and defecate, Craig adding to my
deep embarrassment by watching me again.

   When I got upstairs to the kitchen, Meredith saw me first, and yelled out, "I
want oatmeal with raisins, and raisin toast and orange juice." Becky said that
she wanted the same, and then Craig made it unanimous. As I was scurrying about
making the meal, Alicia came into the kitchen, completely naked. Her huge
pendulous breasts hanging from Her chest, swaying as She walked. She had a thick
patch of dark pubic hair that dominated Her lower belly. As if on cue, Her three
children rushed over to Her. The girls dropped to their knees, licking Her bare
feet, while Craig knelt behind Her, his hands spreading Her cheeks, and he
buried his face in Her ass. Avoiding the desire to stare was difficult to say
the least! I continued with my appointed tasks, as Alicia said, "Just coffee and
juice for Me."

   "Yes, Goddess, of course."

   When I had set the food on the table, Alicia snapped her fingers, and the
three children stopped ministering to Her, got up, and went to the table
silently. "Craig," She started, sipping at Her coffee, "you need to work at that
better. You must learn  to get your tongue in past the ring, inside the anus."

    "Yes, Mama. I'll try."

   "And Becky?"

   "Yes, Mama?"

   "Try to get more saliva going. It will make your tongue feel silkier."

   "Yes, mama."

   After a pause, Meredith queried, "And me, mama?"

   "You're doing much better, My pet. Much better. Your tongue is getting more
enthusiastic every day."

   "Now, if all of you are quite finished, have you anything left for our
guest?"

   Quickly, they sprung from their seats. Craig got my feeding dish out, and put
in on the counter. They took turns scrapping their leftover oatmeal into the
dish, and dumped their unfinished orange juice in as well. A few pieces of crust
from the toast and the crumbs were dusted in as a 'garnish.'

    Craig put my 'food' on the floor. "Eat," he commanded.

   I put my face in the sticky mess and began eating. Someone put their foot on
the back of my head, and forced my face into the messy concoction. The pressure
from the shoe didn't abate right away, and I began to panic because I was
getting oatmeal up my nose when I tried to breathe. Finally, the foot came off,
and Becky said, "Look at me, cunt!"

   Meekly, I lifted my head out of the bowl, and they all broke out in
hysterical laughter at the way my face looked. "Don't wipe it off, cunt," Becky
ordered. I want to see you still like that when we get home from work."

   "Yes, Becky. As you wish."

   "Cunt," Alicia shouted as the kids tore out the door for their car. "Clean up
the kitchen, change the bed linens, dust and vacuum the house, and then meet Me
in front of the house at 10:00."

   "Yes, Alicia."

   In a frenzy, I set about my chores, knowing full well, that the chances of me
completing them on time were slim. It was ten minutes after ten when I ran
outside and knelt in front of the house. The sun was fierce, the rays stinging
my burned face, chest and torso. Alicia was nowhere to be seen. Frantically, I
looked all around for Her, but to no avail. I had no recourse but to wait,
kneeling on the hard packed dirt.

   After an indeterminable length of time, She called out to me from the wood
shed, "Crawl over here, cunt. I'll teach you to make me wait!"

   I crawled over to where She stood waiting for me. "I.....I'm sorry I was
late, Goddess. It took me longer to do my chores."

   "Are you saying that I don't know how to budget your time?"

   "Oh no, Alicia! It's not that at all!. I mean.....i...."

     "Never mind, you worthless cunt," She interrupted. Get the lawnmower out of
the shed and mow the yard. There's gas in the red can. Make certain that you
check the oil every time you put gas in it.

   "I'll be either in the house, or on the porch. Watching."

   "Yes, Alicia," I yelped as She kicked me behind the thigh, knocking me over.

   The lawnmower started without a problem. The grass hadn't been cut in a
while, and with all the rain we had, it must have been eight inches high, and
very thick. The old style mower wasn't self-propelled, and was quite heavy in
the dense grass. Sweat stung my eyes as it ran down my forehead onto my face.
Alicia sat on a porch swing, idly sipping a glass of iced tea.

   After what seemed an eternity, I finished the lawn, and after having replaced
the mower in the shed, I crawled over to the porch. An old rusty pail of water
sat in the sun. "Take a drink, then come up here on the porch," Alicia ordered.
I lapped at the tepid water greedily, my thirst unquenchable.

   When I could drink no more, I crawled up the well worn splintered steps to
the porch. Alicia held out a short length of chain with two locks. "Put these on
your ankle cuffs, then walk down and get the mail!"

   "Yes, Goddess," I answered, locking the chain in place.

   I found it very difficult to negotiate the steps in the short hobble. I had
to concentrate to reduce the length of my step due to the restriction as I made
my way down the road.

   Just as I was almost at the mailbox, I heard a school bus coming up the road
to drop off kids. Panicked, I looked in vain for a suitable hiding place from
their innocent eyes. The best I could find was the same narrow gully that I had
fallen in when Sir Campbell dropped me off here a few days before. I shuffled
over as quickly as my bindings would allow, and lay down in it, face down,
waiting for the bus to pass.

   When the bus had gone, I lay still, listening for the sound of young voices.
Hearing none, I slowly crept from the gully, and looked both ways before
crossing the street to the mailbox. Just as I was about to cross, I heard a car
approaching, and I quickly got back into the ditch. This time, however, the
vehicle didn't pass me by, in fact, it pulled in the road that lead to the
cabin, and I heard doors open and shut.

   "What are you doing down there, cunt?" I recognized Becky's voice.

   Looking up, I saw Becky and Meredith standing on the road, looking down at
me, as Craig sat behind the wheel of the car. "Alicia sent me for the mail," I
answered, crawling out of the ditch tentatively.


   "Well, go and get it!"

   As quickly as I could, I crossed the road and retrieved the mail. Craig was
now out of the car, and he was opening the trunk. Meredith ripped the mail from
my hands as Craig pulled a stout length of rope out of the trunk and examined
it.

   "Becky," he said. "Do you have the key?"

   "Yeah, I think so," she replied, digging in the pockets of her jeans.

   She found it, and tossed it on the ground near my feet, saying, "Take off the
chain, cunt."

   "Yes, Becky." I picked it up, and unlocked the chain from my ankles.

   "Put it in the trunk."

   "Yes, Becky."

   "Hold out your arms for me," Craig commanded.

   I followed his direction and watched him bind my wrists together with the
coarse rope. My heart began to race when I saw him tie the rope to the rear
bumper of the car. "Let's go, guys," he said. Becky and Meredith hopped in the
car as he put it in gear and started up the road.

   I had to move to keep from being pulled down by the car. I could see Craig's
face in the mirror watching my struggles as he would speed up and slow down.
Meredith and Becky hung out the windows jeering me one minute and encouraging me
the next.

   When we reached the field, I was exhausted and breathing very hard. Craig
stopped for a minute and conferred with Becky, Then I saw him spin the wheel to
the right and head into the newly mown grass.
  
   This time he purposely drove faster, until I lost my balance, and fell
forward. They dragged me through the grass, as I screamed in fright. I could
feel the scraps and bruises as I bounced along behind the car, accompanied by
their glee and laughter.

   They stopped after I was pulled off the grass, and onto the hard packed
ground in front of the house. Meredith was the first on out, and she untied my
hands. "Get up, cunt," she said when I was free.

   Slowly, I stood, shaking and crying.  "Nice job, Craig," Becky judged,
looking at the scratches and scrapes that covered me from my neck to my feet.

   "Yeah, Craig," Meredith chimed in. "She'll feel it when I give her a bath
tonight."


   All three of them were laughing as they stood there watching me cry and
quake. Becky slapped my on the face and said, "Knock it off, cunt. You asked for
this, remember? You wanted this. So cut the shit."

   "Kids," Alicia called from the front door. "Time to come in. Meredith, bring
cunt around back and clean her up so she can start out dinner."

   "Yes, mama," they called over to her. Becky kicked me in the back of my calf
and ordered, "you heard mama, cunt. Go with Meredith."

   Carefully, I got back down on my hands and knees and crawled behind Meredith
as she took me for my 'bath.'

   As it had been for the past few nights, after I cleaned up the dinner, I
crawled out to the dungeon, and whimpered at the door. "Come in cunt," I heard
Alicia call.

   I nosed the door open and found that Craig was taking his turn tonight. He
was hanging by his wrists from a rafter, his feet a good foot off the floor.
Meredith was sucking his cock, while Becky was paddling the backs of his thighs
with a wooded spoon.

   "Remember, Meredith," Alicia instructed, "all you have to do is keep him
hard. If he either cums or goes soft, it will be you who is punished.

   "Harder, Becky. Put some effort into it, or I'll be forced to hang you up and
show you what I mean by hard!"

   "Yes, mama," came the reply from Becky, as she raised the spoon above her
head for the next swat. Craig was screaming into his briefs, which had been
jammed into his mouth and duct taped to his face. Meredith was struggling to
keep his penis in her mouth as he swung from the ropes on his wrists with each
cut of the spoon.

   "Fifteen more, Becky, and then you may stop. And then, Meredith, he may cum."

   I watched as the two girls followed their mother's orders. Becky put some
extra strength into number fifteen, and Meredith cupped his balls with one hand
and probed his rectum with the other, until he shuddered into a violent climax.
Meredith didn't need any further instructions, as she gobbled down his load.

   "Becky, you may untie your brother, and Meredith, please take cunt back to
her stall for the night."

   Becky started lowering the winch that held Craig suspended from the ground,
as Meredith walked over to where I knelt by the door. "Let's go, cunt. Mama says
you've got a busy day tomorrow.."


   I followed her on my hands and knees, back to my stall, which now smelled
strongly of urine and feces. When Meredith had chained me to the wall by my
clit, she said, "I want to slap you, cunt, but you have to pick where. Do you
want me to slap your tits or your face?"

   Taken aback by the request, I stammered, "which ever would please you most,
Meredith."

   Without a word she slapped my face hard. Left cheek, right cheek, left,
right, knocking my head back and forth with the rhythm of the blows. My face was
stinging long before she stopped hitting me. Then, without a word, she retreated
up the stairs, leaving me, once again, alone for the night.

   I spent a restless night trying to sleep. The smell from the wet hay and my
own waste, coupled with Meredith's warning about Alicia's plans for the next day
kept me tossing. I did fall asleep at some point, because I woke to the stream
of urine that was cascading down my face. It was Becky! Standing over me,
relieving  herself on me. When she was done, she said, "Clean me!"

   I sat up, and lapped at her pussy until she was satisfied. "Go hose yourself
off before you make breakfast," she said, unlocking my chain.

   I crawled upstairs and went outside to the hose. Even though it had to be
eighty degrees already, the water from the well was ice cold, and stung all the
cuts and scrapes that festooned my body. Bruises of angry purple, black and blue
stood out on my legs and arms from the beating I took behind the car.  Scabs had
formed on most of the cuts, and a few showed the telltale puffy redness of
infection. And, as if that wasn't enough, I got my period.

   I crawled back into the kitchen and prepared the breakfast. After I ate my
meager scraps, the three kids left for work. Alicia gave me my list of morning
chores, and ended by telling me to meet her by the barn doors at 10:00.

   This time, I was actually quite early, almost ten minutes in fact, and I felt
quite proud, as I knelt in the morning sun, waiting. I heard Alicia approach me
from behind. "Open the garage doors and get in the back of the truck, cunt."

   Pulling the heavy doors open from the ground wasn't easy, but once they
started to move, I was able to keep them going until they spread wide, exposing
the grill of the big black Dakota pickup. I crawled around behind it, and
climbed up into the bed as ordered. Alicia hopped up in the bed as well, and,
using a key, she unlocked the lid on the huge toolbox that was right behind the
cab. "Get it!"


   I got into the toolbox, and she closed the lid and locked it in place,
without another word. I felt Her leave the bed, and heard Her open and shut the
door of the truck. The big diesel engine roared to life, and She pulled the
truck out of the barn and headed down the drive. The toolbox was big and I
bounced around inside it, hitting my head on the walls. I tried to brace myself
with my hands and feet in an effort to lessen the jarring. I could tell when we
hit the paved road, as the bumping and bouncing ceased. That allowed my over
active mind the chance to wonder where we might me going.  I had not the
slightest inkling as to what was going on, what plans Alicia had for me.

   With no references, I couldn't tell how long I rode in the toolbox. The truck
never stopped during our trip, although it did slow down for some turns, and
then I felt the road get rough again, so I figured we had left the paved road
for some rural dirt road. Finally, we stopped. I heard the engine shut down, and
the door open and close. And then, nothing. I could feel the temperature in the
toolbox climbing as the truck sat in the sun. The top of the box was getting hot
to the touch, and I could feel the sweat beading on my brow and dripping from my
armpits. My thirst was growing fast, and I kept turning in an attempt to stay
away from the sides of the box as they heated up as well.

   I heard voices approaching, and felt the bed dip as someone climbed into the
bed and put a key in the lock. When the lid was pulled up, I squinted in the
harsh sunlight, which was directly overhead, so I couldn't see who stood above
me. "She's a pretty mess, Ali. You've been givin' her a good run I'd say," a
man's voice remarked. "Let's git you outta there, missy, and see whatcha look
like." A huge hand grabbed me by the arm and lifted me from the cramped space,
guiding me out of the toolbox and onto the bed.

   "Ouch," I yelped as my feet sizzled on the hot sun-baked steel. He laughed as
he watched me shifting my weight from one foot to the other as the soles of my
feet burned.

   "Then hop off, ya stupid cow. You don't got the sense God gave a jackass!"

   In two steps I was off the truck, although the hard packed dirt wasn't a
whole lot cooler.

   "How long didja say ya wanted me ta keep her?"

   "I'll be back for her in three days. I'm having friends over and I'm planning
on her being our entertainment for the evening."

   "Sounds good ta me, Ali. Good ta me.

   "Git over there by the corral and wait for me, bitch. I'll be there in a
minute."

   "Ye.......Yes sir."


   As I   slowly walked toward the corral, I heard their conversation pick up
again. "No limits on thisun, Ali?"

   "No, Clint. None. She belongs to an old friend of mine. A close friend of
Ilsa. He wants her spirit broken, by any means. So, what ever you want to
try.........."


   I was too far away to hear the rest, Her sentence or his response, but a deep
guttural laugh followed and it sent a chill down my back.

   The corral was meticulously maintained. Two horses were in the middle,
picking at a fresh bale of hay. They were magnificent animals, tall and
handsome. The smaller of the two was a chestnut mare, with a long black mane and
other was an enormous ebony stallion. The mare didn't notice my approach, but
the stallion looked up from the hay and seemed to scrutinize me from head to
foot. His ink black coat shined iridescent in the merciless sunlight while his
huge black eyes made contact with mine. With a noticeable air of disdain, he
pawed the ground, snorted, and went back to his meal, his long tail swishing
gently at the flies.

   The sound of Alicia's truck leaving caused me to turn away from the horses.
Clint was walking over to me, sizing me up. "I'm Clint, missy. I don't take much
to formalities an' such. I leave that up ta Alicia. You do what I tell ya, when
I tell ya, and we'll git along jus' fine. If'n ya don't, well, you'll be in fer
some unpleasantness, that's a fact.

   "There's just me 'n' my helper Tommy  up here. Thas all. And you'll do
whatever he says too, same as me. Ya unnerstand?"

   "Yes, Clint."

   "Good. My sister wants ya ta git some idea of what yer s'posed ta be, 'n she
figgers this is as good a place as any for ya ta figger it out fer yerself.  I'm
gettin' set ta breed my horse Blackie with this bitch. She's pretty much
convinced it's time, but he's not takin' to 'er jus' yet. "That's gonna be yer
job, missy. Yer gonna get 'im all hot ta trot, so ta speak.

   "C'mon.!"

   Clint grabbed my hand, and stepped through the rails of the corral. I
followed him in. Again, the mare never looked away from the hay, but the black
stallion stopped eating, and was getting obviously antsy.

   When we were next to the horses, John gently picked up the reins on the
stallion and pulled him over closer to me. "Spread yer legs, missy."

   I did, and watched in horror as the massive nose started to nuzzle into my
pussy, sniffing and snorting. The breath shot from the nostrils and made me
jump. "Stand still ya dumb cunt. You'll spook 'im!"

   I forced myself to remain stock still, as Blackie sniffed my crotch, nuzzling
the piercings.

   "As sweaty as ya are, he must like it, cuz he's gittin' excited, see?"

   I tried to keep my position and look under the massive creature, but
couldn't. John noticed this and added, "guess ya can't, but that's no problem,
cuz you'll be seeing him real soon, up close an' personal"

    John let the horse nuzzle at me for a few minutes, then he took my arm and
guided me to the side of the horse. It was then that I saw the monstrous cock
dangling down. It had to be two feet long, and better than two inches thick. It
was very dark, and covered with veins. John pushed me down with a strong hand on
my shoulder, saying, "Git down there on yer knees, missy, and take a hold of him
with both hands."

   The next thing I knew, I was kneeling under the horse, his cock mere inches
from my face. Tentatively, I reached up and took hold of him with both hands.
"Now, put as much of 'im in yer mouth as ya can, and suck. He's gotta be jest
about ready to shoot before he mounts this filly."

   I was mortified as I stared at the horse meat in my hands. His ball sac was
almost black and as big around as a coconut. The smell was nothing I had ever
confronted before. Suddenly, the great stallion stomped the ground with a hind
leg, causing me to let out a yelp. John kicked me in the back, "Don't spook 'im
missy. Just git 'im in yer mouth!"

   I closed my eyes as I re-approached the horse's cock. When it touched my
cheek, I turned and opened my mouth, and inserted the flat end as far as I
could. It was dry and smelled absolutely awful! It wasn't soft feeling in my
mouth like a man's penis, it was almost leathery in texture. My tongue found the
opening at the end, and I was shocked by it's size.

   "Wank 'im missy. Keep sucking and give 'im a wank."

   My hands began to jerk off the horse in tandem. Long strokes, while I sucked
on the end, until, without warning, he erupted violently in my mouth. I pulled
away, spitting out the vile liquid, as tremendous amounts of his ejaculate
spurted all over my face and chest.

   "God dammit bitch, you were s'posed ta stop before he came! Now we'll hafta
wait a bit an' do it again." Just as he said that, the horse started to urinate
all over me. The strong heavy stream poured over my head, covering my body and
making a large puddle in the dirt. I tried to get out from under the horse, but
John shoved me back under the stream with his boot. It seemed to last forever,
and when it finally ebbed to a stop, I was drenched, my hair soaked, and my legs
were covered with urine and mud.  "C'mon out from under there. We'll try it
again after he calms down some. Meanwhile, you can jest crawl around the corral
fence on yer hands and knees 'til I say ta stop."

   I never felt so debased in my life, crawling around in the loose dirt, horse
cum dripping from my face, my hair drenched in horse piss. As I made the first
turn at a corner of the corral, a large pile of fresh manure greeted me. I
started to crawl around it, but Clint stopped me, "Not so fast little girl, not
so fast. I said fer ya ta crawl around the fence. No detours!"

   Disgusted, I crawled through the wet pile of manure, the strong smell
attacking my nose, the shit sticking to my wrists and thighs as I plowed through
on my appointed rounds of the corral. I had never been so degraded before in my
entire life. Reduced to less than slave status. Tears ran from my eyes as I
crawled the perimeter of the fence.


   On my third or fourth lap, a pair of hands grabbed my ankles as I was
crawling through the manure again, causing me to slip, head first into it.
Instantly, a boot pressed down on the back of my head, grinding my face into the
awful filth, forcing it into my nose and mouth. The pressure subsided, and I
pushed myself up on my hands and knees, retching and crying. Laughter jolted me
out of my self pity as a new voice said, "Yer a mess, bitch. Who'd wanna fuck
somethin' like you?"

   It wasn't Clint's voice, so I thought it must be his helper, Tommy. He
grabbed my ankles again, and dragged me backwards, face down into the middle of
the corral, and through three more piles of manure. He dropped my legs, and
ordered, "Git up, cunt!"

   Ever so slowly, I got up on my feet. What have ya got ta say fer yerself,
huh? Are ya havin' fun yet," he laughed?

   I was totally out of control now, crying hysterically, the sobs welling up
from  my very soul. Through the tears, a sharp stab of realization hit me. It
was only for a fleeting moment at best. Here one second, and just as quickly,
gone the next. But the truth that remained, imprinted in my brain, is what made
it so revealing. I was enjoying all of this! I liked the abject humiliation I
was enduring. I understand now that I was just starting to see what it really
meant to be Sir Campbell's slave. I had been lowered to a status I never could
have fathomed existed before. Standing here, before these two total strangers,
covered in the piss, seed, and shit of a horse, I actually felt a sense of pride
and dignity, in that I was now where I was meant to be.  I had finally come to
the realization that I could and would endure anything Sir Campbell wanted. But,
most importantly, I knew that all that I would ever need to be complete, would
be to suffer the cruelest and most harsh treatments that He deemed necessary.

   "Yes, Tommy," I replied. "Thank you for taking the time to teach and train me
properly."

   "I'm glad yer likin' it, cuz we're jest startin'. Time for ya to muck out the
stable. Then when yer done, we'll see if ya can jump start ole Blackie again."

   I followed Tommy over to the stable, where he handed me a pitch fork and
pointed to the wheelbarrow. "Clean out them stalls real good missy. There's
fresh hay in the back room near the feed. I'll be back in a bit ta check on ya.
Then we'll have another go at Blackie."

   I cleaned the stalls out and replaced the old coverings with fresh hay. When
I was finished, I stood in the stable door and watched the two horses. More
flies buzzed about me than around the horses. They were immaculate, and I was a
sweaty disgusting mess.

   "All done, cunt?" It was Clint.

   "Yes Sir. The stalls are all cleaned out."

   "Ok then, c'mon over here by the trough."


    I walked over to the water trough and saw Clint had a running hose in one
hand and a scrub brush in the other. Tommy stood nearby with a bar of soap.
Without a word, Clint began spraying me with the water, starting at my head and
working his way down my body. "Here," Tommy called out, tossing the soap to me.

   I tried to catch it, but missed. When I bent over to pick it up, Clint said,
"Stay jest like that." I did as I was told, and he focused the hose on my open
sex. When the stream of water hit my clit, I could feel the all too familiar
sensations rising in me. It had been some time since I was aroused.

   "Soap up," Clint ordered. I picked up the soap and stood before the two men,
lathering myself completely, while Clint kept the hose at bay. When he was
satisfied that I was soaped well enough, he rinsed me off and ordered me to
lather up again. This process was repeated three or four times until he thought
I was clean enough. Tommy tossed me a big towel, and the two of them stared as I
dried myself off.

    Wordlessly, Clint came over and took me by the hand, leading me back into
the stable. Tommy trailed along behind. When we reached the first stall, Clint
threw me to the floor into the fresh hay. I looked up at the two of them, and
knew what was about to happen. Clint started to remove his clothes first, but
Tommy picked up on the cue and tore his off with eagerness. In an instant, they
both were on me. Four hands pawing at me breasts legs and ass. One mouth on
mine, the other sucking a nipple, then to the other nipple, alternating rapidly.
Then a shift in position, and a cock was thrust into my mouth as a tongue found
my clit. The frenzy told me that it had been a while since these two had gotten
laid with a human. They were all over me, exploring, probing, tasting. A tongue
would penetrate my ear while another burrowed in my ass.

   This "foreplay" went on for quite sometime. And caused multiple orgasms for
me, which I certainly didn't mind one bit. Then, finally, Clint pulled me up on
all fours, and shoved his cock into my ass, burying it with one hard thrust. He
pumped with a vengeance, spewing his cum in my bowels. Tommy quickly replaced
him and dumped his load up there as well. They both collapsed in the hay. I
stayed on my hands and knees, waiting to see if they wanted more, but I soon
heard snores from the both of them, so I crawled into the hay, and fell into a
deep sleep alongside them.

   I awoke to another mauling by the two horny men, although this time they were
considerably rougher, slapping my face and breasts, pinching my nipples and
clit, and biting my lip until I tasted blood. When they were sated, Clint stood,
and buckling the belt on his jeans, he said, "Time fer ya to see if ya kin git
Blackie as aroused as ya got me an Tommy, bitch. An this time, he better be
cummin' inside that mare and not on you!" 

   I followed Tommy and Clint out of the stable, to find the sun low in the sky.
The stallion followed my every move as I approached him in the corral.  Without
being told, and got down on my knees under his massive chest, and with both
hands, guided his cock to my open mouth. I licked and sucked furiously until I
felt a shudder inside the beast. "I think he's ready, Sir."


   Tommy grabbed the halter and steered the stallion over to where Clint was
holding the mare. He obviously didn't need to be told what to do, as he jumped
on her. Tommy helped aim his erected cock into the mare's cunt, and in a matter
of seconds, he was done, and was off her back.

   "Think her got her, Clint?"

   "Hard ta tell, Tommy. We'll have him give it another go t'morrow a coupla
times jest ta make sure. Got me horny agin though, what about you?"

   "I kin always go another round Clint."

   Clint grabbed my arm and lead me to the fence. He pushed my head through and
bent me over, so my ass and cunt were easily offered. I heard him undo his
jeans, and felt the pressure as he deliberately eased his cock into my ass.
Tommy climbed over the corral fence, and dropped his jeans to his ankles,
presenting himself to my face. Without instruction, I opened my mouth to accept
him. He grabbed my hair with both fists and drove relentlessly into my mouth as
far back as his six inches would go. In no time, the two men had established a
co-ordinated rhythm, thrusting and withdrawing in unison, squeezing me between
the two cocks. With a groan, Clint came first, but he postponed pulling out
until Tommy shot his load in my mouth, which I quickly swallowed, licking him
clean as he withdrew.

   The two of them pulled their pants back on and Tommy declared, "I guess she'd
better git inta the kitchen if we're gonna have anythin' ta eat."

   "Yeah, Tommy," Clint replied, "Yer right. Getcher ass in the kitchen, slave,
and put some food tagether fer us. I have a feelin' yer gonna be needin' yer
strength tonight."

   They both broke out in hysterical laughter at their inside joke, as I made my
way to the rundown farmhouse.

   I went through the refrigerator and pieced together a modest meal of beans,
fried potatoes, and bacon.  They at least allowed me to eat with them sitting at
the kitchen table. I hadn't realized how hungry I was until I started eating,
and didn't stop until my third helping.

   "After ya clean up the kitchen, cunt, go upstairs and take a proper shower. I
want ya all clean and tidy fer the boys tonight," Clint said.

   I found the small old fashioned bathroom upstairs at the end of the hall.
Most of the room showed neglect from a years of water damage, but it felt
absolutely wonderful to enjoy the feeling of my first real shower since Sir
Campbell had dropped me off in the rain. I luxuriated in the relaxing stream of
water, soothed by the warmth it provided. I toweled dry, and went downstairs to
find that Clint and Tommy weren't alone. Three strange men had joined them and
were drinking beer in the living room as they watched some TV game show.

   "Git us sommore beers, slave," Clint called out, not taking his eyes from the
small screen.

    I went into the kitchen and retrieved five fresh cans, bringing them into
the living room. "Have a seat on the floor," Clint said, pointing to a small
hooked rug by the fireplace.

   I sat on the floor, knees folded under me, and slightly apart. The five of
them kept watching the show with rapt attention. A knock on the door brought in
three more men, one of them began hooting out loud when he saw me. "More beers,
slave," came Clint's command, "an' keep 'em comin'"

   I went back for more beer, and heard the screen door slam open and closed
again. When I returned to the living room, four more men had joined the group,
bringing the total to twelve now with Clint and Tommy. I went back and got four
new cans of beer, then sat in my place on the rug.

   When the show ended, Clint stood, and pointing to me saying, "This here bitch
was given to my sister to tame, and she's lent her ta me. Said I could do
anything I wanted to with her, so I figgered we all might have us a little train
tanight. Tommy an I been havin' us a go with her all afternoon, and she's pretty
hot ta trot. Takes it up the ass real good, and she does some nice things with
her mouth too. If ya wanna hit her, well that's okay too. Doesn't much matter ta
her, does it, cunt?"

   I shuddered as I murmured, "No Clint, anything you want."

   That was all it took. I never saw men move so fast before in my life. A few
of them pushed the meager furniture back to the walls while I was picked up,
literally, spread eagle, and placed on my feet in the middle of the floor. Hands
held my feet and hands stretched far apart. An ugly filthy man with a scraggly
beard and a huge beer belly that strained the buttons of his flannel shirt
strode over in front of me, and without warning, he punched me in the stomach. I
bent over as far as I was able and he back handed me across the face, splitting
my lip. Someone grabbed my hair from behind, yanking my head up so that I could
face my attacker. I saw a smile creep over his face, revealing his numerous
missing teeth, as he saw the rings in my breasts. He grabbed them both and
pulled has hard as he could, stretching me between the men who held me fast and
my rings. I screamed as a bolt of pain ripped through my chest. And at that
moment, a belt tore through the air, flogging my back. The blows from the belt
were rhythmic and fast, coming from my left and right, so I knew that two men
were whipping me. The man in front held tight to my breast rings, smiling as I
screamed and cried. I thought I saw him nod, just as he let go of the rings, and
he punched me in the nose, as the other men let go of my hands and feet. I
tumbled over backward onto the hard wood floor. In an instant they were on me.
One of them mounted me and began pumping in my cunt, while a pair of hands
mauled each breast. Someone else straddled my face, shoving his cock down my
throat, his hairy smelly balls falling over my broken and bleeding nose.
   The assault was endless. As one man would release in my pussy, another would
climb on, either penetrating my pussy or ass. As one would spill in my mouth,
another would replace him. I felt teeth biting my breasts, fingers pinching the
nipples, and an occasional boot would kick me in the thighs or ribs, depending
on which was an easier target.


  I must have passed out, because all I remember was that  I was left alone on
the floor. Blood oozing from my nose and mouth, cum dripping down my inner
thighs and chin. I ached all over, and my left eye was swollen partially shut.
Tommy was sitting on the couch, watching television. He looked down when he
heard me beginning to stir. "Let's git you into a hot bath, missy. You sure
pulled a helluva train tanight. A helluva train! Never seen nuthin' like that
before. Ya done Alicia proud, Missy. Real proud!"

   A smile caused a sharp pain in my split lip at the complement I had just
received. Alicia would be proud of me! Alicia would be Proud Of Me!



 SARA  
 By Charles E. Campbell  
  
 CHAPTER 4  
 PLEASING ALICIA  
 Tommy showed me a mat on the floor in the kitchen where I was to sleep.
  A dish of water sat next to the mat. He attached a pair of very stout chains
  to the clasps in my breasts, and locked the chains to an eye-bolt that was
  in the floor. I fell right to sleep almost the instant I lay down on the mat.
  Neither the dirty cracked linoleum floor nor the odd sounds from the woods
  kept me awake.  
 When I finally started to awaken from my deep sleep, I gradually became
  aware of the dull aches and pains that marked various parts of my body. My
  nose hurt the most, a dull ache radiating from the bridge, across under my
  eyes, and up into my temples. My legs and ribs where I had been kicked were
  discolored into blues and yellows. My dry split lip stung as I ran my tongue
  over it, feeling the swelling surrounding the cut.  
 Clint was the first one to join me. "How'd ya sleep, cunt?"  
 "Better than I expected, Sir, thank You."  
 "I'm glad yer rested up, cuz we got a busy one today. Gotta give that horse
  a coupla more shots at the mare, the stables gotta get cleaned out, an' the
  boys all had such a great time lest night, they're all coming back fer more
  this evenin'. Might even bring a few more guys with 'um jest so's you don't
  get too bored with it.  
 "How's yer nose?"  
 "It's really sore."  
 "I guess it was Jerry that busted it for ya. It'll feel a bit better in
  a few days I guess. Tommy set it for ya after ya passed out last night, so
  it should be pretty good. Looks straight ta me, anyway. The black and blues
  under yer eyes fade in a while as it heals."  
 Clint took a key out of his pocket and unlocked the locks the held the chains
  to my breasts.  
 "If ya gotta pee or shit, ya kin go out in the woods an' take care of it.
  Then come on back and we'll gitcha somethin' ta eat. I wanna git that horse
  hot ta trot early so's he'll go a few shots on the mare taday."  
 Slowly, I pushed myself up from the floor, the stiffness in my body dictating
  my speed and movement. I went a little ways into the woods looking for a "suitable" place
  to relieve myself, and began to feel a bit better as the motion from walking
  was loosening up my aches and pains. When I was done, I made my way back to
  the kitchen and was surprised to see that the two men were in the kitchen.
  Clint was sitting at the table and Tommy stood at the stove cooking.I noticed
  immediately that a third place had been set. "Have a seat, Missy," Tommy offered,
  pointing to the vacant chair. Tentatively, I sat down, as Tommy continued,
  Juice? Coffee? Eggs? What wouldja like?"  
 I was famished, so I asked for eggs, while Clint poured my juice and coffee.
  I was immediately leery at their unexpected kindnesses, but savored it and
  the meal nonetheless.  
 "We're gonna try an' git that horse in the mood again, cunt," Clint announced
  matter- of- factly, in between mouthfuls of eggs and toast. "Pretty much that's
  all we'll be doin' taday. In between that, I wancha ta muck the stables and
  make sure the water in the troughs gits dumped and filled up fresh. Think ya
  kin handle that?"  
 I was eating with such zeal that he caught me mid-forkful, and I had to
  move the food around in my mouth to even attempt a timely, "Certainly, Clint.
  Whatever you wish."  
 "See," Tommy interjected abruptly, "I toldja she was startin' ta come around.
  Yer sis is gonna be real happy with her. Real happy."  
 "Tomorrow night'll tell, Tommy. Tomorrow night. We'll see what she's made
  of then."  
 A cold shiver ran down my back, and goose bumps broke out all over me at
  the tone in Clint's voice as he so casually made the threat. I knew better
  than to ask what they were talking about, and had another momentary flash,
  as I realized that not too long ago, I would have butted in and asked what
  they were talking about. Maybe Tommy was right. Maybe I was really starting
  to become that which Sir Campbell wanted me to be.  
 After I cleaned up the kitchen, I spent the day pretty much as Clint had
  described, either on my knees getting his horse in the mood, cleaning the stables
  and corral, or being fucked by the two men. Never in all my life had I ever
  experienced men who could get it up so many times in one day. I was getting
  sore from their repeated and prolonged poundings.  
 They allowed me to sit with them in the living room watching television
  when dinner was cleared away. I wasn't aware of how bushed I was, and must
  have fallen asleep, because I woke as Tommy was hefting me into his arms. Startled,
  I looked around trying to get my bearings, but he just said, "I'm takin' ya
  ta bed, missy. Ya look beat. Yer gonna need yer sleep fer tamarra, so tonight
  you'll be sleepin' in the back bedroom. I'll come an' getcha in the mornin'"  
 I was so out of it, that I mumbled a muted response, and drifted back to
  sleep in his arms. I don't even remember being laid to bed, but when I woke,
  I was snuggled up in a fresh clean bed, and it was late in the morning.  
 I didn't get out of bed right away. The fresh clean smell of the sheets,
  combined with the sunlight spilling through the window made me want to relish
  the warm cozy moment. When I finally did get up, I made the bed and wandered
  into the bathroom to pee. When I came out, Clint and Tommy were nowhere to
  be seen, but I found a note addressed to me on the kitchen table, which read: "Help
  yourself to some food. We'll be back around 4:00. Dust and vacuum the house,
  change all the sheets, and do the laundry." It was signed, Tommy.  
 I made some toast and coffee, and started with my appointed tasks. The house
  wasn't large, so the dusting and vacuuming took about thirty minutes. By three,
  I was finished, and went out to sit in the sun and enjoy the afternoon. I fell
  into a deep sleep, basking in the hot afternoon sun, and awoke to the sound
  of trucks coming up the drive. Standing up, I saw Clint and Tommy in the first
  one, and then recognized the second one as Alicia's black Dakota. Both trucks
  pulled to a stop by the corral. Meredith, Becky and Craig sprang from the bed
  of the Dodge, naked. Alicia got out and closed the door behind her. Clint and
  Tommy waited while she walked over to them, then the three of them walked over
  to where I stood, waiting.  
 "Hello, cunt," Alicia greeted me. "Clint says you're much improved now,
  and for your sake, I hope so. Tonight will be a sort of test for you. If you
  pass, you will return with me to my house for the rest of your training. If
  you fail, then I'll be calling Sir Campbell to see how He wants you disposed
  of. The outcome is entirely up to you. Now, go with my kids, they'll get you
  ready."  
 "Thank You, Alicia. I won't let You down."  
 "We'll see about that."  
 Becky, Craig, and Meredith were in the living room watching the tv when
  I found them. The room was ablaze in light, with all of the table and floor
  lamps on and the overhead track lighting turned up high. "Meredith saw me first
  and said, "I can't wait to see how you do, sara. Mama said she'll let be get
  my breasts pierced just like yours if everything goes right tonight."  
 "She said she'd think about it, Meredith," Becky corrected her, not taking
  her eyes from the program. "She wants you older before you have that done."  
 "She'll let me, Becky. I know she will. Especially if sara does what she's
  supposed to!"  
 "Would you two shut up? I can't hear," Craig yelled!  
 They both lowered their voices, but kept the argument going until I asked, "What's
  going to happen tonight?"  
 "We can't tell you," Becky said, looking me straight in the face, "but I
  will tell you that you're gonna get tested like you've never dreamed you could
  be."  
 Nothing further was said, as we all sat in silence watching the old movie
  that was on. Meredith moved over closer to me and, without a word, began a
  close scrutiny of my breast bars, gently lifting them, lightly tugging on them,
  and feeling the holes where the rods pierced the skin with her fingers. She
  took a firm grasp on the "U" clasp and lifted it, toying with it's weight and
  testing how freely it loved on the rod. Then, ever so timidly, she began licking
  and sucking on my nipple and pulling the clasp straight out from my chest,
  stretching the skin taut, then releasing the pressure, and pulling again. She
  settled into a rhythmic pattern of tugging and releasing, tugging and releasing,
  and all the while increasing the pressure as she sucked the nipple, making
  it harder and more tender, occasionally nipping it with her front teeth. I
  began to moan softly, which drew Becky's attention from the tube. She watched
  her younger sister for a few minutes, and then got down between my legs and
  began licking my pussy tenderly, sucking my clit between her lips, and lightly
  making contact with her teeth. I was moaning louder now. Craig glanced over,
  disturbed by the noise I was making, and decided to get involved as well. He
  stood up, and straddled my head, dangling his flaccid penis in my face. Needing
  no instructions from him, I sucked it deep into my mouth, toying the tip with
  my tongue, and reveling in the power I held as he grew harder and longer in
  my mouth. He huge ball sack drooped across my eyes and nose. Becky reached
  up and began diddling her sister's clit with one hand, while she pushed two
  fingers into my ass with the other. Meredith's response to her sister was to
  begin biting me much harder. Not little love bites, but forceful bites with
  as many teeth as she could get on my breast. My moans form pleasure changed
  to cries of pain. Becky stopped licking me and began slapping me on my pussy
  with the back of her hand, her long finger nails stinging my clit with each
  blow, while Craig squatted lower onto my face, driving his now steel hard cock
  straight down my throat, and leaving it imbedded there. Becky was now using
  her entire hand in my ass, fisting me deeper and deeper with each push. The
  pressure was incredible, but I was determined to accept her whole hand, as
  deep as she wanted to probe me.  
 Meredith switched to my other breast and didn't take the time to "warm me
  up."he commenced to gnawing on me right away, tearing the soft flesh with each
  bite. Craig was pounding his cock down my throat and pulling it completely
  out between thrusts. I was gagging as he went deeper down my throat, but I
  fought against the reflex to vomit, and greedily sucked him harder. Meredith
  slid her hand down my belly and fisted my cunt, just as Becky's hand broke
  in past the stretched sphincter. Both hands were fucking my ass and cunt savagely,
  and my breast was being cut and punctured by Meredith's teeth.  
 Meredith came first, with me a close second. Craig came before the waves
  of my orgasm had a chance to ebb, and he shot his cum into my eyes. "Smile,
  cunt. You're on Candid Camera," Craig laughed.  
 Through the cum coating my eyelids, I could make out the hazy image of Clint,
  with a video camera. He had been recording the entire escapade with the three
  kids and me! Panic rose in my stomach, as I had never been filmed before! "Just
  some insurance fer my sister, bitch. In case ya wanna try 'n do somethin' stupid!"  
 Meredith grabbed my hand, and said, "Don't listen to him, cunt. He's taken
  hours of tapes of me. No big deal. Now c'mon. We need to get you ready." And
  saying that, she lead me out of the living room and upstairs to the bathroom.  
 "You should pee now, sara. I'll draw your bath."  
 Meredith gave me a wonderfully relaxing bath, with a lightly scented bath
  oil, washing me gently from head to foot. She shampooed my hair twice, with
  a through rinsing each time. Then, she patted me dry with a soft towel. Then
  she brought me to stand in front of a full length mirror that was on the back
  of a bedroom closet door. As I stood still, she combed out my hair, perfumed
  my armpits, between my breasts, my lower belly, and in the small of my back.
  Then she applied a garish heavy eye make-up to my eyelids, with a heavy black
  mascara. She used a thick eyeliner to outline my eyes, and topped it off with
  a rich red lipstick, three coats. I looked like a cheap Ninth Ave. whore.  
 When she was satisfied with my looks, she took me by the hand and lead me
  down the stairs and out the back door. We walked down a gentle hill to a small
  shack that I hadn't noticed before. "This is our tack shack," she offered,
  breaking the silence. "My uncle keeps all of our pony gear in here. Becky'll
  be joining us soon, but I need some extra time to get you set up."  
 She unlatched the heavy oaken door and it swung open quietly, revealing
  a small space, maybe eight by twelve. Inside, hanging from hooks and nails
  on the walls and rafters, were all sorts of human equine equipment: reins,
  bridles, harnesses, belles, brightly colored feathers and plumes, butt plugs
  with real horse hair tails, elaborate knee high boots, with thick platform
  soles and long stiletto heels, and even some small modified saddles. There
  was so much equipment, in fact, that I couldn't take it all in.  
 "Stand over here," she pointed. "I'll see what will work best for you."  
 Meredith removed a stout leather corset from a hanger and tried it around
  my waist. "Too high," she proclaimed. "They'll want your breast bars free." She
  placed the corset back on it's hanger with care, and selected another. "This
  looks more to your size."  
 She placed the corset around me and began lacing it up from the back. It
  was beautiful! A soft dark red leather, with lots of chrome plated rings and
  hooks. It descended down to just above my mound and ran up to the bottom of
  my rib cage. Meredith got it all hooked up and then began the tedious task
  of cinching it tight, compressing my waist to a fraction of it's normal twenty-three
  inches. It forced me to stand quite erect, and the constriction of my waist
  made my breasts all the more prominent.  
 When she was done, she tied the laces off and took a single leather glove,
  in a matching color, from the same hanger. "Hands behind your back, cunt!"  
 I did as she said, and felt the cool smooth leather glide up over my hands
  and wrists, pulling my arms close together at the elbows. The pressure in my
  shoulders was building as she got it up over my elbows, further pushing my
  breasts out.  
 Meredith gave two quick tugs on the glove, making sure it was going no higher
  on my arms, then she laced the glove closed, further binding my arms together.  
 "Sit," she said, indicating a small bench by the wall.  
 I walked over to the bench and sat down, watching her as she looked for
  a pair of boots to fit my feet.  
 "About an 8 maybe?"  
 "Pretty close, Meredith. I'm an 8 &frac12;."  
 "Well, we'll have to make do with a 7 &frac12;, cuz the next size I have
  is a 9 &frac12; and that'd be too big.  
 She knelt before me, and I caught her glance at my sex, as she started to
  pull one of the boots on my right foot. The fit was snug, to say the least,
  and Meredith had to struggle to get it on. The tight boot pinched my toes inside,
  and I knew this wasn't going to be the least bit comfortable once I stood up
  and tried to walk.  
 The soles were about six inches thick, and the stiletto heels were much
  longer than that, forcing my foot into a distorted extension, pointing straight
  down. Meredith laced it on, then she repeated the task with my left foot. "Stand
  up," she saying, sitting back to watch.  
 Awkwardly I stood, trying to balance on the high boots without the aid of
  my hands and arms. Carefully and steadily I rose, until I stood up. The first
  thing I noticed was how tall the boots made me, and the second thing was how
  much my feet hurt, crushed in the small boots.  
 "I like that. It shows off your thighs. Time for your bit and bridle."  
 She found a harness that she secured firmly around my head. It was fashioned
  of the same color leather as my corset and glove. The harness had blinders
  on the sides, making peripheral vision impossible. "Open up," she said, sliding
  a cold steel bit in between my teeth. I bit down on the cold chrome as Meredith
  buckled the cinches, holding the bridle tight in my mouth, and drawing my cheeks
  back in a sardonic smile. She lifted the reins over my head, and stepping behind
  me, she gave a sharp snap to the reins, jerking my head back with a start.  
 "Almost done," she commented cheerily. I felt a finger probing my back passage.
  Then she pushed a dry butt plug in, with a slow steady pressure until it seated
  itself deeply in my ass. It was then that I felt the light tickle of the long
  horse hair that cascaded down my thighs and past my boots. She then selected
  a shiny silver bell, which she attached to the clasp in my septum, and to top
  it all off, she produced a feathery plume in bright violet, which she affixed
  to the top of the harness.  
 "All done. Give me a minute to get dressed, and then we'll go out to the
  corral for the races.  
 Drool was beginning to leak over my lip, and I was helpless to prevent it.
  I watched as Meredith dressed herself like I was, except that her outfit was
  a bright crimson red leather. While she was preparing herself, Becky and Craig
  joined us in the tack shed. "Could you help with my glove, Craig," Meredith
  asked?  
 "That's what I came out here for, Meredith. To do you and Becky.  
 "She looks good, Meredith. Nice job," he commented eyeing me.  
 Meredith tried to mumble her thanks, but she had already begun to cinch
  up her bridle and her words were garbled.  
 Becky dressed herself just like Meredith and I, but her leathers were a
  light tan buckskin. Craig put the single gloves on both of his sisters, then,
  taking the three sets of reins, he lead us all out of the shed and into the
  early evening air.  
 I felt my nipples stiffen in the cool and. A stiff breeze was whipping the
  tress and kicking up dust in the corral. One by one, Craig checked the fittings
  on each of our outfits, making minor adjustments to the belts and cinches as
  he went. Then, when he was completely satisfied with his work, he took our
  reins and lead us up the gentle slope to the corral. I was amazed to see about
  thirty people milling about, both men and women, engaged in conversations.
  Someone noticed our approach, and all eyes turned in our direction.  
 Craig brought us to the fence and hitched each of us to it. The people began
  walking over to us, and started inspecting us. Soft hands felt my thighs and
  buttocks. Another pair of hands grasped the "U" clasps that hung from my breast
  bar and gave them a strong pull. A hard slap to my ass caused me to jump. "She's
  a bit skittish," someone commented.  
 I turned my head as far as I could to see that both Becky, to my right,
  and Meredith, to my left, were receiving the same scrutiny.  
 "If I may have your attention, please?" It was Clint standing in the center
  of the corral. "Thank you.  
 "First, and foremost, my sister Alicia and I would like to thank all of
  you for coming here tonight. These events are so much better when a lot of
  people show up. It looks like tonight's race will be a good one for you all.
  For all of you first-timers here, Becky is in the tan buckskin and she is the
  odds on favorite tonight at two to one odds. Meredith is in bright red and
  she has been rated at five to one. The new filly, Sara, is in the dark red,
  and she is rated at twelve to one odds. This being her first race and all,
  she was hard to come up with odds.  
 "Tommy will be accepting your bets for the next ten to fifteen minutes or
  so, if you've all had a chance to examine the ponies. The race will be around
  the corral, across the field and back, twice, for a total distance of one mile.
  I'm sure most of you are familiar with our jockeys, as they are each held in
  the very highest of regard on the east coast. Ginger Harris will take Becky,
  as usual. Robin Bell will have Meredith this time out, and Rachel Gomez will
  take Sara through her paces.  
 "Any questions?"  
 A woman who had been lightly petting my breasts raised her hand and asked, "What
  background information do you have on Sara, Clint?"  
 "She's owned by a friend of Alicia's, Bonnie. A Sir Campbell from Manhattan.
  She's thirty years old and has borne no children. She wears a good deal of
  steel, as you can plainly see. Her tolerance for pain is exceptionally high,
  while her desire to please is still developing, and is quite a bit lacking.
  She has never pulled the sulky before, so we have no way to measure her endurance.
  Whether she'd be a good bet would be up to your eye.  
 "Any other questions?"  
 A man across the corral from us asked, "May we walk the course to get a
  feel for it?"  
 "Of course, please be my guest. You'll find that it's marked with low flags
  out to the far pole, which you can see from here.  
 "If that's all the questions, then please place your bets while Craig and
  I hitch the ponies up to the sulkies."  
 The people wandered away from us and went over to Tommy with their various
  wagers. Craig undid the reins on Becky and Clint took Meredith. I wasn't able
  to turn my head around to see where they were going, so I just had to bide
  my time and wait. A few minutes later, Craig returned for me. He lead me over
  to where Becky and Meredith stood, hitched to their sulies. The long thin poles
  that ran from the cart to the ponies came on either side of the girls, and
  was clipped to their harnesses with metal clips. Bells had been attached to
  their nipples with clamps, and their jockeys were talking to them softly, caressing
  them, and encouraging them to give all they could.  
 As Craig was fastening the sulky to my harness, my jockey came and stood
  before me. She grabbed the side of my bridle and yanked my head up so that
  I was looking her straight in the face. A long stream of drool spilt out of
  my mouth.  
 "I'm Rachel Gomez, cunt, and I expect to win tonight. I hate to lose. Am
  I clear?"  
 I nodded my head by way of reply.  
 "It is My job to pace you through the course. I want you to keep your strides
  long and even. I will guide you with the reins in the direction you need to
  run. Don't even bother trying to watch where you're going. If I see you look
  down at the ground, you'll feel my whip. When I want you to run faster, you'll
  feel my whip. I like to place the whip between the shoulders or on the flanks.
  I have a nice little fish hook tied to the end of my whip as an added incentive
  for you. I'm sure it will get my thoughts across to you quickly."  
 Craig had me hooked up to the sulky and I felt the poles pull up on my harness
  as Rachel got into her seat. Craig handed the reins to her. He then pulled
  me my the bridle to my left, so that we were in line with Meredith and Becky. "Lift
  your legs high for the parade," Craig ordered. "Pony girls must prance proudly
  around the audience."  
 Then, with Becky in the lead, we were escorted once around the corral for
  everyone's pleasure, and up to the staring line. Clint was leading Becky by
  her bridle, Craig lead Meredith, and Alicia lead me. It was a sort of parade,
  I guess. As we passed by the different pockets of spectators, we were greeted
  by smatterings of applause; some discreet and polite, and some loud and exuberant
  Alicia kept leaning over to my ear and coaxing me, "Lift those legs higher.
  Higher! Prance for me! Thighs parallel with the ground! Point your toes! Snap
  them up, quicker! See how Meredith is doing it?"  
 I would nod my head as best as I could in answer, but Rachel held my reins
  back with a firm grip that forced my head straight up, the drool now falling
  down my chin to my breasts. I could feel the liquid cool in the evening chill.  
 When finally the procession stopped, we were at the starting line. They
  had marched the three of us up alongside each other, with Becky in the middle,
  Meredith to her left, and me to the right. Clint stood a few feet in front
  of us, and announced loudly, "The race is about to begin. One mile in length.
  Around the corral, out to the pole and back, twice, ending here at the starting
  line. Betting is now closed. Good luck to you all!  
 "Jockeys, are you ready?"  
 I heard to response to the question. Also, I could no longer see the other
  two ponies , as my pulled back head and blinders only allowed me to see straight
  out in front of me. I heard Clint chant, "On your mark,........get set,...................GO!"  
 As soon as he had yelled go, I felt the bite of Rachel's whip tearing into
  my right thigh, and I jumped out with a start, jerking the sulky into motion.
  Meredith pulled in front of me right away, but I had no idea where Becky was.
  The boots made my gait very awkward, but I tried to remember Rachel's admonition
  about keeping a long stride, so I concentrated on settling into as long a gait
  as the boots would allow.  
 The weight of the sulky and rider was obvious from the instant I started
  to run, and with my arms bound behind me, I had to lean quite far forward to
  try and balance the load.  
 By the time we had rounded the corral, Meredith was a good ten feet in front
  of me, but I still had no idea where Becky was. My legs were starting to burn
  from the exertion of running and pulling the cart. The drool was now coming
  out of the sides of my mouth, and running back across my cheeks. I was breathing
  deeply already, but still I was trying to focus on my stride. I hadn't felt
  the sting of the whip since we started. Quick jerks on the reins would move
  my head in whatever direction Rachel wanted me to go, and I would pull in accord.  
 Meredith rounded the pole before me, and Rachel tore the reins to the left.
  I hugged the pole as closely as I could as we made the first turn and started
  back to the corral. Meredith had now increased her lead to about twenty feet.
  I caught sight of Becky after I had completed the turn. She was about thirty
  feet from the making the pole, and she was hobbling with a pronounced limp.  
 The rough uneven ground made the cart buck and bounce, pushing up and down
  on my harness. My calves were aching and my thighs were now on fire. I strained
  to keep the stride long, and watching hopelessly as Meredith increased her
  lead over me.  
 The crowd was cheering as we neared the corral. Everyone was up on their
  feet and shouting for their pony. It was then that I felt the tiny hook at
  the end of the whip as it caught me squarely between the shoulders twice in
  quick succession started to run harder as we reached the corral.  
 As I made the turn around the corral, Meredith had lost some of her lead
  on me. Another snap of the whip to my thigh spurred me to give more. As we
  headed back out to the pole for the final lap, we passed Becky, who was walking
  slowly back, with a broken expression on her face. I couldn't figure what had
  happened to her, but Rachel's whip made it painfully obvious that it was no
  concern of mine.  
 Meredith seemed to be tiring rapidly now as we reached the far pole for
  the last time. I caught up to about ten feet behind her at the turn. I saw
  the sweat streaming from her chest and ashen face as she made the final turn.
  As I came out of the turn and headed into the straightaway, the whop began
  to fall in a steady rhythmic staccato on my back. I pulled with all the strength
  I had remaining, in a vain attempt to outrun it's wicked barb.  
 With each and every stride I could see that I was gaining on the rapidly
  tiring Meredith. Her jockey was flailing away on her with a vicious fury, while
  Rachel kept her steady tempo on my back with her barbed whip. Each lash tore
  my back open a little more, the pain was numbing.  
 About twenty-five yards from the finish, I pulled alongside Meredith and
  her jockey. Rachel kept my reins pulled taut so I couldn't see Meredith any
  longer. She put more effort into my whipping. My lungs, legs and back were
  ablaze now in fiery pain. The spectators were all up on their feet cheering
  as wildly and loudly as they possibly could. I picked out Alicia in the crowd,
  standing stoically, without emoticon, and for a split second, I thought I caught
  a glimpse of my Master, Sir Campbell standing next to her, but it was only
  for the briefest of instants, and I wasn't sure. Tommy and Clint were yelling
  at the top of their voices, cheering me to victory. With a last hard lunge,
  I crossed the finish line, and the whipping immediately ceased.  
 Rachel reined me in to a slow walk, as we took, what I didn't know at the
  time was, a victory lap once around the corral. I passed by Becky sitting on
  a bench, Craig was untying her boots and tending to her leg. Meredith, meanwhile,
  was by the side of the fence vomiting violently from the strain and exertion.  
 When we once again reached the finish line, the crowd had all gathered around
  us, making further motion impossible. They were all congratulating Rachel on
  her victory. I was breathing heavily and dripping sweat, even in the cold night
  air. I could feel the blood on my ravaged back, and drool was pouring over
  my bit from my mouth as I gasped for the refreshing, cool, air. Alicia walked
  over and handed a trophy to Rachel as they all applauded her efforts. Then,
  she took a horseshoe of roses and placed it around my neck, paying absolutely
  no heed to the thorns cutting into my neck and shoulders.  
 I felt the sulky shift as Rachel climbed out. Ignoring the accolades, she
  strode over before me and caressed my heaving breasts, calming me down. She
  then loosened and removed the bit and bridle, finally allowing me to close
  my cramped mouth and swallow. She grabbed a handful of my hair and jerked my
  head forward to her face and kissed me deeply, passionately, her tongue probing
  the deepest recesses of my throat. I was gasping for air when she broke off
  the embrace. "I told you we could do it, cunt. Well done. Well done indeed."  
 "Quite impressive, Rachel," Alicia congratulated her. "You read your pony
  as if you had trained her for years. Might have had a slightly different outcome
  if Becky hadn't come up lame, but I'm not the sorry loser."  
 "Thank you Alicia," Rachel retorted. "It is a shame about Becky. I know
  how much training you've put into her, and Meredith as well. It would have
  been fun to see these two duke it out on that last straightaway."  
 "Yes. That would have been very sporting. Closely matched I dare to say.
  But you got everything thing from your pony she had to give, and then some.
  She showed me a lot more spirit and drive than I thought she was capable of."  
 It was an odd feeling, standing there, breathing hard, listening to these
  two women discussing me as if I was an inanimate object. I knew better than
  to speak, however, and besides, I was still trying to catch my breath and slow
  my pounding heart. "......so I would like to see her wearing the chin bars," Rachel's
  voice bringing me back to the present. "I think it would greatly highlight
  and augment the clasp in her septum when she is seen in public, and it would
  surely compliment the labial and breast piercings when she is naked."  
 "Sir Campbell handed her over to me completely, Rachel. To do with as I
  see fit, so I see absolutely no reason not to pierce her. I don't have that
  steel, though. In fact, I've never seen what you're describing even done before."  
 "I have that steel in my gear. It's not brand new, but an autoclave would
  make that alright. I took it from a pony that I retired to wet nursing a few
  months ago. She is too old to race, so she didn't need it anymore"  
 "Then let's do it now. The guests can watch. Then we'll get to the single
  tail demonstration after.  
 "May I have everyone's attention please," Alicia called out. "In recognition
  of her victory, Rachel and I are going to pierce sara with a lower jaw chin
  piercing. We will place it through the bottom of her mouth. Two rods, one on
  each side of the tongue, connected to each other with a cross bar. It will
  be bolted from the inside."  
 "So,"Rachel said, "I'll go and get the steel. Why don't you have Clint set
  up the autoclave while you prep sara? Where should we do it?"  
 "I'd like as many people as possible to see it, so the house is no good.
  Too tight. I guess we could use the corral. The lights are definitely strong
  enough for everyone to see what we're doing, don't you think?"  
 "I'm sure it'll be fine."  
 While Rachel went for my new steel, Alicia and Tommy got me detached from
  the sulky and all my pony gear. When I was once again naked, Alicia took me
  into the house and upstairs for a shower. "Scrub yourself really well. Get
  rid of all the dirt and sweat, and make sure you use an anti-bacterial soap
  on your face and under your chin," Alicia admonished me.  
 After I had dried off with a fresh clean towel, Alicia and I went back out
  to the corral, where we saw a bondage chair set in the middle. Becky, Meredith
  and Craig were sitting at the foot of the chair, vying for the best view of
  the impending piercing.  
 Tommy and Alicia set about strapping me into the chair, starting with my
  ankles, then below the knees, across the thighs and waist, above and below
  my breasts, my wrists, elbows and shoulders. After I was all strapped down,
  they pulled my hair back by my hair and clamped it in a vise at the back of
  the chair. I felt a strap pass across my forehead and get buckled in. Alicia
  grabbed me by both sides of my head and tried to shake me head, but the straps
  held it secure. Tommy placed a dental clamp in my mouth, forcing my jaws as
  wide open as they could go, then he fastened the wing nuts.  
 Fear was gripping me as I saw Clint arrive a few minutes later with a case,
  which he set out of my view on a small table behind the chair. Opening it,
  he removed a bottle of alcohol, which he poured on my throat and under my jaw.
  He then wiped the area with sterile swabs soaked in alcohol. After he finished
  that, he opened a bottle of Betadyne solution and swabbed it all around under
  my chin for close to a minute. In the cold night air it felt freezing cold.
  I felt my nipples shrink painfully.  
 "She's all prepped, Alicia. We're ready to go."  
 Rachel pulled on a pair of latex gloves from the case and removed an extremely
  heavy gauge needle from the case behind me. I heard some of the guests gasp
  when they saw it. She held it before my eyes, allowing it's girth to sink into
  my mind.  
 Many guests had closed in around us to watch the goings on, but I didn't
  watch them. I couldn't take my eyes from the needle that would soon be pushed
  through the bottom of my mouth. "What I'm going to do," Rachel announced, "is
  to place this needle alongside sara's tongue and then push it down and through
  under her chin. In that hole I will set the first post, which will be locked
  in place from inside her mouth. I will repeat that same procedure on the other
  side of her tongue. Then, when the two posts are secured, I will connect them,
  under her chin, with a rod that will be screwed together. This appliance makes
  an excellent place for reins to pass through and it gives the jockey far more
  control over the pony's head, and makes communication between th jockey and
  the pony much clearer."  
 Rachel turned her back on the audience and faced me once again. The cool
  night air had caused me to break out in goose bumps, but as cold as I was,
  I could feel the sweat beading up on my brow and dripping from my underarms.
  I felt myself trembling as she reached into my mouth and shoved my tongue to
  one side. I felt her lining up the needle in the floor of my mouth, the sharp
  prick of the tip tentatively probing for them perfect spot. The next thing
  I knew, and white heat tore through my mouth as Rachel, with tremendous force,
  shoved the through the floor of my mouth and out under my chin. As I screamed
  and wrenched at the straps holding me to the chair, I tasted blood in my mouth.  
 Clint handed a post to Rachel, and she worked it back and forth into the
  hole, following the needle as it was pulled out. When she had the post in position,
  Rachel passed the needle back to Clint, and took a locknut at screwed it onto
  the post from inside. I felt the skin pinch as the rod was tightened into place.  
 Rachel was presented with a second needle, which she again so cruelly forced
  me to look at, and she repeated the piercing on the other side of my tongue.
  After she had tightened the second post into the soft flesh under my chin,
  Clint gave her the horizontal rod that would connect the two posts. She placed
  it on the posts and took an allen wrench to lock it into position.  
 When the piercing was complete, Clint handed Rachel some sterile sponges,
  which she packed into my mouth all around my tongue. "This type of piercing
  can bleed for some time," Rachel announced to the audience. It's very important
  that you keep a watch on it so your slave doesn't choke on the blood or the
  packings." They all took a hand in unbinding my straps and removing the dental
  clamp. I was helped to my feet as applause broke out from the guests.  
 SARA  
 By: Charles E. Campbell  
 CHAPTER 5  
 " The single tail demonstration will begin in ten minutes," Tommy announced.
  It will be staged in the center of the corral."  
 "I really regret your winning, cunt," Alicia hissed into my ear. "I so wanted
  to watch you dance to the kiss of the whip, but rules are rules. Besides, we
  still have a few more days with you at home before Sir Campbell retrieves you,
  so I might just give the kids an opportunity to practice their technique on
  you!"  
 I shuddered at the implication of her threat. I had never experienced a
  single tail whipping myself, but I had seen first hand the terrible damage
  it could inflict on a slave's body. The kind of marks it left had to have been
  bought and paid for with extreme pain.  
 Tommy was setting two poles into some concrete footings that were in the
  ground in the middle of the corral. The poles were about eight feet tall, and
  were placed about eight feet apart. As he was bolting them in place with a
  wrench, I saw Becky entering the corral., alone, and naked. An Ace bandage
  bound her ankle, but her limp was still quite pronounced. She walked over to
  where Tommy was finishing up with the poles, and waited patiently, her head
  bowed, for what she knew was going to come.  
 A few moments later, Alicia joined her in the corral, carrying leather cuffs
  and straps, which she dropped at her daughter's feet. "Put them on," she barked!  
 Becky bent over, picked up the cuffs, and buckled them to her wrists and
  ankles. She then bent and got the straps, and held them out to her mother,
  in offering. Alicia took them without a word.  
 Tommy had finished up with the securing of the whipping poles, and Becky
  walked over and stood between them, without being told to. She had, quite obviously,
  been here before. Alicia tied a strap to her left wrist cuff, and standing
  on a milk crate, she tied it to the ring in the top of the pole. When she did
  the same thing with Becky's right wrist, she pulled it so tight that Becky's
  arms were drawn hard apart in opposite directions, and the girl was weeping
  softly.  
 Alicia tied the straps to the ankle cuffs as well, spreading her daughter's
  legs wide apart. You could see the muscles and ligaments in her groin bulging
  under the pressure and strain. When she was tightly bound, Alicia held Becky's
  face by her chin, and spit directly into her face. Then unceremoniously, she
  turned on her heels and left her there, alone, trembling in fright, awaiting
  her fate.  
 The entire crowd had fallen silent in witness to this emotional display
  between a mother and her offspring, and it wasn't until I saw Clint walk through
  the gate into the corral, naked, with a bullwhip that I fully grasped what
  was about to happen. Everyone had stood up, and they were all watching with
  great intensity as Clint positioned himself before the grotesquely stretched
  offering of Becky. Clint spun around and gave the whip two fast snaps so all
  could hear it's menacing sound.  
 "As you all are aware," he began, "the single tail, when used by a well
  trained and practiced hand, can deliver the most delicate and sensuous kiss,
  or it can split the skin deeply, drawing blood, with an equal degrees of effort.
  It can be used to tease and taunt, or even to tickle the slave, while making
  her squirm, trying to anticipate when it will cut. If handled properly, it
  can stir just a hint of a breeze, as the tip misses the target by the smallest
  of degrees. Or, it can wrap itself completely around the body, causing burning
  pain.  
 "Observe!" Clint took a few steps forward, eyeing the distance between himself
  and his sister. Then, with blinding speed, a flip of his wrist sent the whip
  lashing forward, and snapping within an inch or so of Alicia's face. A collective
  gasp escaped from the audience. Alicia didn't even blink.  
 Clint recoiled the whip in his right hand, and turned back to face the helplessly
  resigned form tied between the poles. He starred into her eyes until, hopelessly,
  she nodded her assent. Dropping the coils to the ground, he waited until her
  eyes re-opened once again and met his stare. Mustering her strength, Becky
  held her eyes on his, as he raised his arm slowly, and sent the tip of the
  whip out, cracking a mere inch above her pouting pussy. A sharp chirp was the
  only sound she made, when the realization hit her that he hadn't even made
  contact with her delicate skin. Urine streamed from her grotesquely spread
  legs, but no one laughed or even drew attention to it. Everyone empathized
  with the young girl's fear.  
 The whip curled back at the feet of it's handler, as Clint held her eyes
  in his. An almost indiscernible nod came from Becky, and the whip flew to the
  target, her left breast, just above the nipple. A bone chilling shriek filled
  the air as a crimson line appeared, about two inches in length. From where
  I stood, I was sure I could see blood droplets forming on the rapidly swelling
  welt.  
 Clint didn't pause now, the whip danced across the poor girl's body in reckless
  abandon. Stripes began appearing on her stomach, thighs, breasts and under
  her arms, some on either side of her open cleft as fast as the whip could fly.
  Her buttocks and back were equally striped, as Clint's mastery of the wrap
  around was demonstrated as well. She sang to him with her screams, until her
  voice was too sore, too raspy to carry. Not once did she ever beg for mercy,
  but I was sure he wouldn't have granted it even if she had. He didn't stop
  or even ebb the flow of the whip's cruel gifts, worshiping her body with it's
  fiery kiss. Sweat poured from Clint's forehead as he put his back into the
  whipping, not stopping until Becky hung limp from her wrists in her bonds,
  no longer able to feel the whip, adrift in her all-consuming pain.  
 Meredith walked into the corral carrying a pail of water and a towel. She
  handed the towel to her uncle, and threw the cold water on her sister, reviving
  her with a start. Becky screamed in shock and shivered noticeably as the cold
  water stung her ravaged body. Applause greeted Becky as she joined the world
  of consciousness. Tommy came out and helped Meredith untie the sobbing girl
  and wrap her in a blanket. Clint picked up his niece in his strong arms and
  carried her out of the corral and into the house. "That should have been you," Craig
  whispered in my ear as he grabbed me by the arm, directing me towards the house, "not
  Becky. If she hadn't turned up lame, ......." I offered no retort by way of
  protest. I just followed the pressure of his hand as he lead me back up the
  porch stairs and into the house.  
 Only a few of the guests followed us into the house. The majority said their
  goodbyes to Tommy and Alicia outside. Clint laid Becky on the couch and Meredith
  draped a clean sheet over her trembling body and went to fetch another blanket
  for her sister. Clint went back outside to say goodbye to the guests.  
 Meredith placed the blanket over the sheet and knelt by Becky's head, stroking
  her soaking wet hair and trying to comfort her with her soothing words, "You
  did real well, Becky. Mama's proud of you." Can I getcha some water?"  
 Becky shook her head slightly through her sobs, but didn't speak. Meredith
  continued cooing to her, calming her, and waiting for the racking sobs to subside.
  As she was doing this, Craig walked up behind me, and grabbed my hair, twisting
  me around, and pushing me to my knees, where I was face to face with his stiff
  cock. "Open," he commanded, and he introduced his manhood into my mouth ever
  so slowly and deliberately.  
 It seemed to keep going, over my lips and tongue, and towards the back of
  my throat, not stopping until his musty pubic hair was tickling my nose. He
  held himself there, not pumping, just stuffing my face. "Look at me," he ordered.
  I opened my eyes and looked up into his face, as he coughed up a thick wad
  of phlegm and slowly let it drip down into my face. Meredith stopped her ministrations
  and crawled over to join him, spitting in my face and slapping my breasts with
  an open hand.  
 I fought hard against my gag reflex as the big cock just lay in my mouth.
  Craig kept spitting into my face and eyes, and Meredith kept slapping my breasts,
  seemingly mesmerized at their jiggling. Tears welled up in my eyes as Craig
  pinched my nose, making it impossible to breath. "Don't pull away, bitch. I
  control you. I decide when you can breathe."  
 Panic started to consume me as my lungs started burning for fresh air. Craig
  could see how much I was agonizing over pulling away from him and inhaling
  some fresh air, while fighting, at the same time, the pressure in my lungs
  from holding in the stale air. All at once, Craig ripped his cock from my mouth
  and let go of my nose at the same time, allowing me to gasp for air. Retching
  violently, I sucked in air as Craig grabbed me by the back of my head and slammed
  his cock back down my throat. Meredith pinched my nostrils this time as I gagged
  on the hard flesh. Spit and phlegm oozed from the corners of my mouth as I
  tried to pull away for air, but Craig's grip was firm, and he alone controlled
  my breathing. Again he pulled away without warning, allowing me to breath and
  spit up at the same time, but once again, before I could catch my breath, or
  control my breathing, he rammed his cock home once again.  
 Some of the guests had come over to us and were watching the spectacle,
  urging him on with comments like, "Make her puke," and "Piss down her throat," and "We
  all get a turn when you're done."  
 Meredith was still pinching my nose off, so my breasts were unattended,
  but not for long. Tommy pulled off his belt and started whipping me with the
  buckled end, hard. The big steel buckle punishing me as he beat me hard. Someone
  put his hands on the back of my head, forcing my face against Craig's flat
  stomach. I was writhing and twisting, desperately trying to get free for air.
  Meredith let go of my nose to allow me to breath, when suddenly, before Craig
  could pull away again, and I retched. Mucous and bile poured out my nose and
  the corners of my stuffed mouth, tears streaming down my face, and he came
  in my eyes.  
 He was replaced by another cock, this one belonging to a short fat balding
  man who smelled terribly. His cock was small, maybe three inches when hard,
  but his massive beer belly was covered in a thick mat of long curly black hair,
  which went up my nose and into my eyes. He fucked my mouth as hard as he could,
  while Tommy kept beating my breasts. He had no endurance, and came in my mouth
  right away. A woman lifted her dress before me, displaying a flabby lower belly
  with a thick bar through her clitoral hood. She shoved her sex into my face,
  grinding it in as I lapped at the folds. Someone mounted me from the rear,
  driving into my dry ass, but my scream was muffled by the flabby pussy covering
  my mouth.  
 This treatment continued in a seemingly endless procession of cocks, cunts,
  and assholes, demanding oral worship, while my ass was raped repeatedly and
  my breasts were beaten black and blue with the belt buckle. Cum dripped off
  my face, down my chin, mingling with the vomit and mucous that I had been spewing
  from the throat fuckings. My ass was ablaze in burning pain, stretched and
  torn from the relentless assault. At one point, someone even tried to stuff
  an unopened quart bottle of beer inside me.  
 Finally, it was over. Craig placed his boot in between my shoulder blades
  and shoved me to the floor, onto my throbbing breasts and into the "mess" I
  had made. "So, what do You think, Campbell," I heard Alicia ask, "Somewhat
  improved?  
 Completely stunned, I heard my Master reply, "Yes Alicia. It's remarkable.
  I would never have thought it possible. You know how sure I was that she could
  never endure this and rise up through it. I was certain I would be removing
  her steel and sending her away. But now You've made her into just what I want.
  You have my most sincere thanks."  
 I wanted very badly to look up from the floor and see my Master, but I knew
  better, and stayed where I was. He would tell me what He wanted, and my place
  was to wait.  
 "I'll meet you at My house in two more days, and then she'll be ready to
  go. I still have a few things I'd like her to experience. I just wanted you
  to see first hand the progress she has made, and I thought this would be as
  good a place as any for You to see her."  
 "You were right as usual," Sir Campbell said, and I heard Him kiss Her on
  the cheek. "I'll see you in a couple of days then."  
 My heart sank He just walked out of the living room at onto the porch, without
  so much as a touch or a word of recognition to me, as I lay on the floor in
  the cum and my own puke. Tears welled up in my eyes until I remembered that
  He said I was just what He wanted, and then I felt my heart swell with pride.  
 "Meredith," Alicia broke my revery, "take the cunt outside and hose her
  off, then lock her in the toolbox in my truck. Craig and I will help Becky
  into the cab. We'll wait for you there."  
 "Yes, mama.  
 "Follow me, cunt," she ordered, giving me a quick kick to the thigh to prod
  me on. I pushed myself up onto all fours, and followed her outside to the side
  of the house, where a garden hose sat on it's caddy.  
 Meredith hosed me from head to foot, the cold water stinging my badly beaten
  breasts. She aimed the hose at my mouth and said, "Open up!" The force of the
  water caused me to close my mouth in reflex, but I opened it again quickly.
  She washed out my mouth, then had me bend over so she could clean out my pussy
  and asshole as well. The night air was chilly, and I was shaking when she finally
  stopped and shut off the hose. She cuffed my hands behind my back and lead
  me to Alicia's pickup truck, and helping me up on the bed, she opened the toolbox
  and waited while I folded myself in. She closed the lid, and I heard the lock
  turn.  
 The cold metal of the toolbox caused me to shiver even more violently. I
  had no idea how long I was in the truck before I heard the doors open up and
  close. Once the engine started, the truck lurched forward, knocking me around
  in the cramped toolbox.  
 I sensed when the truck pulled up the rutted dirt road that lead to Alicia's
  house. We bounced along the road for a few minutes, and then the ruck stopped
  and I heard the engine turned off. The doors opened and closed, and I was left
  waiting. But no one came and unlocked the toolbox. Quickly it dawned on me
  that I was going to spend the night in the toolbox, shivering, cramped and
  aching. My hands had already gone numb from the metal handcuffs Meredith had
  used. My legs and back were begging to be straightened out. But that was not
  to be.  
 At some point I must have fallen off to sleep, because I awoke bathed in
  sweat. The sun had come up and was beating on the bed of the truck with a ferocity
  that was enhanced by the glossy black paint on the toolbox. The sweat on my
  chest burned the cuts on my breasts and my parched mouth and cracked lips longed
  for water. Time seemed to stand still, as the toolbox itself began to get hot
  to the touch. I squirmed a bit, trying to avoid touching it, when my left ass
  cheek brushed against it. I jerked away in pained reflex, only to touch it
  again with my arm and face. I forced myself to lay as still as I could, not
  touching the top or sides of this oven I was slowly cooking in. Sweat covered
  my body, but my mouth and tongue were completely dry. I started to cry, but
  no tears came to my eyes. I started to believe that I might die, when I felt
  the truck dip under the weight of someone hopping into the bed. I heard a key
  turn in the lock and the lid was pushed open. My eyes closed in the bright
  sunlight, so I wasn't sure who had come to let me out.  
 When my eyes had adjusted to the light, I looked up to see no one there.
  I worked my way up onto my knees and peered out of the box to see Alicia and
  her brood sitting in the shade, on the porch, drinking tall cool drinks, and
  watching me. "Come here, cunt," Alicia called.  
 Gingerly I straightened up, feeling the cramps in my thighs, calves, and
  back intensify. I stepped over the rim of the toolbox and put my foot down
  on the burning hot bed, instantly jerking it up. "I want you to walk off the
  truck, cunt. If you run, we'll put you back in the box for the rest of the
  day," Alicia threatened.  
 I put my foot down and instantly felt the searing heat burning my foot.
  Gathering all of my strength and willpower, I lifted my other foot out and
  started walking across the scalding sunbaked metal. My feet burned terribly,
  but I fought against the urge to dance and run. When I reached the tailgate,
  I jumped down onto the hard packed earth, got down on my hands and knees and
  crawled on all fours to the porch.  
 My mouth was parched and dry and my aching body felt every little rock and
  stone as I crawled over to the wooden steps that lead to the porch. As I reached
  the top step, I saw a big pan of water with ice cubes floating in it on the
  floor at Alicia's feet. She sensed my deep craving for the water, but she waited
  before speaking.  
 "That water looks nice and refreshing, doesn't it, cunt?"  
 "Yes, Alicia. I'm so thirsty. Please.......please may I have a drink?"  
 "You may, on one condition."  
 "Anything, Alicia. Anything. Please."  
 "You must kneel at Becky's feet and ask her to forgive you for last night,
  and then you must ask her to whip you tonight in the barn. If she agrees, then
  you may drink. You will also be allowed to eat, shower and rest for the day."  
 Quickly I crawled to where Becky was sitting in a rustic rocky chair, lazily
  rocking herself back and forth. Kneeling on my haunches, I looked up into her
  eyes, and pleaded, "Becky, please forgive me for winning the race last night.
  I'm so sorry that you sprained your ankle and lost. If I had only known what
  was going to happen I would have begged to take your place. Please whip me
  tonight. You've never whipped me. Please, I beg you."  
 Becky's angry gaze met mine and held it. Locked on, and burning intensity
  as she spoke, and never blinked. Drink and eat your fill. Bathe and rest all
  you want. Tonight I will make you bleed!"  
SARA 
CHAPTER 6 
WELCOME HOME, SLAVE 
Alicia remained true to her word. I spent the rest of the afternoon languishing
  in a warm bath of gentle suds and bath oils. Meredith shampooed my hair twice,
  and carefully brushed it out as it dried. I fell into a deep sleep on the front
  porch swing, Meredith's head in my naked lap, after having ravenously devoured
  a sumptuous lunch prepared by Alicia. 
It was late in the afternoon by the time I was awakened by an urgent need
  to pee. Meredith lay right where she was, so I nudged her lightly, �Meredith,� I
  cooed, �I have to go pee. I'll be right back.� 
Dreamily she stood up, stretching her arms straight up over her head, she
  responded, �Let me come with you. I want to watch.� 
She took my hand and lead me, not inside, but down the porch steps and across
  the field to the woods. Wordlessly, she lay down on her back. My quizzical
  stare prompted her to say, �My mouth is your toilet, sara, please use it.� 
Startled, I hesitated for a moment, then straddled her face. �Please look
  down at me while I drink from you,� she requested. 
I turned around so I could watch her face as I squirted over her. A dark yellow
  stream of hot urine gushed out immediately, and the young girl struggled to
  swallow as much as she could. I watched as it washed across her face, splashing
  into her open eyes. A solid twenty seconds passed before I stopped going. Meredith
  lifted her head and licked me clean. I felt her soft tongue probing from my
  anus to my clit and back. When she was satisfied with her clean up efforts,
  she sprung up with the agility of a gymnast, and grabbing my hand, we raced
  back to the house. Upon reaching the front porch, she stopped running and turned
  to me, saying, �I hafta go shower, or mama won't let me in the house. She hates
  it when I smell like pee at dinner. �Then, awkwardly, she added, �Can I ask
  you something?� 
�Sure, Meredith. Anything.� 

�You know Becky wasn't kidding when she said she was gonna make you bleed
  tonight in the barn, right?� 
�That's what she said, Meredith.� 
�But she didn't tell you how she's gonna do it, did she?� 
�No. Why?� 
�I promised her and Mama I wouldn't tell, sara, so I gotta keep my promise.
  But I can tell ya that it's gonna be real neat. Something I've never seen before.� And
  with that stark revelation, she turned heeled and skipped over to the barn
  to hose herself off. Leaving me in nervous anticipation of the unknown fate
  that awaited me in just a few hours time. 
I sat back on the porch swing and pulled the blanket over me, as a chill ran
  through me, raising goose bumps down my back and arms and a shudder from head
  to toe. Watching Meredith wash herself off with the cold water and singing
  merrily did nothing to hold back the flood of images entering my brain. Everyone
  seemed to by in on what was going to occur, except me, of course. Meredith
  was excited about seeing something she had never seen before, so I rationalized
  that a whipping couldn't be it. I closed my eyes to block out the world, and
  awoke to a sensation of a delicate hand on my shoulder, and a soft voice saying, �It's
  time for supper, sara. Wake up.� 
Still groggy from by nap, it took me a moment to focus on Craig, who was softly
  whispering, �Time to get up.� He extended his hand and helped me up from the
  swing. Across his arm was a lovely Japanese silk kimono, which he helped me
  put on. It was inky black with many ornate traditional Japanese designs in
  bold reds, yellows and greens adorning it. He took my arm and lead me through
  the front door and through the living room into the dining room, which had
  been set up as if they were expecting guests. A dark green linen tablecloth
  covered the large wooden table, which had been set with fine china and silverware.
  Candles on the wall sconces and in candle stick holders on the table, lit the
  room in a soft light, casting reflective shadows across the walls and ceiling.
  Craig guided me to the seat just to the right of the head of the table, where
  Alicia was sitting already. Waiting. 
The meal was exquisite. Baked ham, candied yams, mashed potatoes, fresh string
  beans, and a crisp garden salad, all served with a lovely white zinfandel.
  The table side banter brisk and energetic, and mostly focused on how much everyone
  was going to miss me when I left in the morning to return to the city, and
  my Master. 
As the main course was ending, Alicia said, �Craig, I want you and Meredith
  to clear the table and load the dishwasher. Becky, you go get the coffee and
  bring out the dessert.� 
�With an enthusiastic �Yes, Mama,� the three kids stood at once, and set about
  their appointed tasks. Alicia sipped at her wine and softly spoke; �I've known
  your owner for many years, sara. In fact, he was my owner for five years. Before
  I had the kids.� 

A look of shock broadcast from my face at this news, and Alicia picked up
  on it at once, laughing as she added, �No, sara. He isn't their father, but
  his older brother was. The kids are his nieces and nephew.� 
It hit me at that instant how little I actually knew about my Owner. I knew
  His age, 56, and that was about it really. I had no knowledge about His family,
  whether He had ever been married, had kids, or anything like that. Becky brought
  out the dessert, a delicious peach Melba, and we all sat enjoying the tasty
  treat. 
When the coffee was through, Alicia stood and announced, �We'll leave the
  dishes for later. Meredith, you take sara upstairs and prepare her for us.
  Becky and Craig will go get everything ready in the barn. We should be all
  set to start in about twenty minutes or so.� 
We all got up from the table, and followed our instructions. I followed Meredith
  upstairs and into her bedroom. She slipped the kimono off my shoulders, and
  hung it respectfully on a hangar before placing it in the closet. She had me
  sit at the make up table, and she applied lip gloss to my lips. Standing back,
  she observed, �I'm just going to add a little blush to your face and areolas
  for a subtle effect. Your eyes are fine the way they are, so we don't have
  to do anything with them.� 
She tickled my nipples with the brush, slightly darkening the tips of my breasts,
  which were rock hard now. Then she danced the brush across my cheeks. �We're
  about set here, sara,� she said. �We just need the wrist and ankle cuffs, stockings,
  garter belt and heels and we'll be ready to go. I'm so excited,� she added
  gleefully. 
I sat on the tufted bench as she slipped a luxuriant pair of back seamed back
  stockings on my feet and slid them up to my thighs. Then she put the garter
  belt on me from behind, and fastened the stockings to the belt. The shoes had
  four inch heels and a thick leather strap that went around my ankle, holding
  them firmly in place. Next came the all too familiar black leather ankle and
  wrist cuffs, which she buckled tightly, checking each one as she was done. 
�Stand up, please, sara.� 
I stood, and felt my balance slip on the heels, but regained my composure
  quickly, it had been a while since I was in shoes like these, but I felt an
  odd sense of calm sweep over meas Meredith locked my wrists behind my back,
  and we went out of the bedroom and down the stairs, heading for the barn. 
When we reached the barn, Meredith stopped at the door, and said, �Please
  excuse me for this, sara, but it's what Mama wants,� and with that, she pulled
  a black satin pillowcase over my head, blinding me completely. �Wait here.� 
I heard her open the barn door and close it, leaving me outside. A few minutes
  passed, not too many, and the door opened again. A hand grabbed be by the clasps
  that hang from my pierced breasts, drawing me inside. I was walked into the
  barn, and then pulled to stop. No one was speaking, and I stood there for a
  few minutes, my mind whirling frantically in anticipation. 

Suddenly, the pillowcase was pulled of my head, and I found myself looking
  at Alicia, Craig, and Meredith. Becky was standing at my side, the pillowcase
  still dangling in her hand. Alicia stood, and said, �As you know, sara, you
  were sent here by your Owner, Sir Campbell, to be trained and brought up to
  His standards. You have done well, and we are all very proud of you. Tonight,
  I am handing you over to Becky, to do with as it pleases her. She has some
  rather delightful plans for you. When she is done, you will sleep in the bed
  in the guest room, and tomorrow morning, you will be returned to your Master
  in New York. Have you anything to say before Becky begins?� 
It took me a second to collect my thoughts. Excitement at going back to Sir
  Campbell, mixed with pride over Alicia's praise of my training, mixed with
  trepidation over what Becky had planned all made my mind a blank. Finally,
  I just stammered out, �Thank You, Goddess Alicia, for all You have shown me.
  And thank you as well to Craig and Meredith for all they did for me. And especially
  to Alicia, for what she is about to do for me. I hope I can meet her expectations.� 
Alicia made no comment to my remarks, she just looked over at her daughter
  and nodded her assent. Becky went over to a vase on the table next to her mother,
  and I saw that it held a dozen red long stemmed roses. She plucked them from
  the vase ion a swift irreverent motion and held them before my eyes. �Your
  Master sent these for you, to show you how happy He is with your training.
  But I think He also wants me to test you with the as well. Now........KNEEL!� 
I knelt at her feet, head bowed. She spread the roses out on the floor in
  front of me, and taking hold of my shoulders, she laid me down on my chest
  in the thorny stems. Instantly I felt the sharp thorns pricking me soft skin
  in many places. I squirmed instinctively trying to minimize the pain. Becky,
  of course, sensed this, and stepped with her bare feet on my back, mashing
  my chest and belly into the agonizing thorns. Tears welled in my eyes as I
  bit my lip, trying to hold back the scream that was building inside me. 
Finally, she stepped off, and pulled me back up on my knees. Several of the
  stems were hanging from me, the thorns still imbedded in my breasts and stomach.
  She pulled them off, one at a time. I glanced down and saw blood drops growing
  out of the multiple holes the thorns made. 
I felt her unlock my wrists, and she lead me to a wooden sawhorse. She bent
  me over the horse, and clipped the wrist and ankle cuffs to the legs of the
  horse. The backs of my thighs and my buttocks inviting her attention. �I would
  like everyone to participate at this point,� she said. �She is to receive five
  strokes from each of you with this dowel rod. Let's see if someone can break
  it!. Meredith, you're first.� 
Meredith stepped forward and took the rod from her sister. I saw it out of
  the corner of my eye and it was a hefty one, about 3/4 of an inch in diameter
  and about three feet long. It would take some effort to break that I thought. 
Meredith stood behind me and a bit off to the side. �You don't have to count
  for me, sara. But I do want you to thank me properly after each one, okay?� 

�Yes, or course, Meredith,� I answered, trying to muster my courage. I heard
  the swish as the rod was whipped through the air, cutting across the backs
  of both of my thighs at the same time. I screamed and pulled at the cuffs holding
  me bent over the horse. �Th...thank you, Meredith,� I remembered. Immediately,
  another lash cut my legs, an inch or two higher than the first, and I was screaming
  and twisting in a futile attempt to get away. �Thank you,........Meredith.� 
Her last three lashes came in rapid firs succession, giving me no time to
  thank her, but they were so sever and harsh that I was screaming uncontrollably. 
When I had calmed down, I realized Meredith was waiting for my thank you,
  so I said, �Thank you very much Meredith.� 
�Mom, you're next,� Becky announced. 
Alicia sat for a moment, waiting until I lifted my head and looked over to
  her. Then, she slowly got up from her chair, and took the proffered rod from
  Becky. �It will not be necessary for you to count or thank me, sara.� 
�Yes, Goddess,� I answered her. 
I felt the rod lightly touching my buttocks as she lined up the rod, gauging
  her stance. She gave me four very hard very fast cuts, all seeming to be in
  the same place. My screams filled the barn, as Becky exclaimed, �You drew blood,
  mama. Only four lashes and you drew blood!� 
My backside was ablaze in white hot fiery pain. And fear gripped me, knowing
  she had one last lash coming to her. I wondered where she was aiming, as she
  hit me as hard as she could in the exact same spot as the first four lashes
  and landed. 
Sweat was burning my tear filled eyes, drool fell from my screaming mouth,
  as I lay limp over the horse. �Craig, your turn.� 
I didn't think I could take the five Craig had in store for me. My body was
  shaking as I lay there, waiting for it to begin. A hand grabbed my hair, jerking
  my head up, so that I was face to face with Craig's erect penis. �I'm gonna
  stuff this down your throat while I whip you, sara, and I'd better not feel
  your teeth even a little bit. Understood?� 
�Y...yes, Craig,� I replied, opening my mouth as wide as my position would
  allow. Ever so slowly, he introduced himself into my mouth, pushing my tongue
  down, probing for the back of my throat. When he was satisfied with his invasion,
  he raised the rod, and brought down on the top of my left cheek. I struggled
  to keep my mouth open, screaming around his stiff cock. He pulled out, and
  rammed himself in deep, whipping my right cheek as his pubic hair covered my
  nose. He timed the last three blows with his thrusts, and came on the fifth
  blow, his hot seed shooting down the back of my throat. 

An audible slurping sound emitted from my mouth as he pulled out. Becky undid
  the cuffs and had me kneel on a high table that was against one of the poles
  that supported the barn, the rough wood chafing my bleeding ass. She took her
  time and meticulously bound me to the pole, at my waist, above and below my
  breasts, at my elbows, and at my crotch and knees. 
She turned her back on me when she was through binding me to the pole, kneeling
  on the table, about four feet off the floor. I saw her pick something up, and
  hide it behind her back. �Remember what I told you, sara?� 
�Yes, Becky. You said you were going to make me bleed.� 
�That's right. But have you guessed how I'm gonna do it?� 
�No, Becky. I haven't� 
�Did Meredith tell you?� 
�I didn't Becky. I didn't,� Meredith blurted out, looking to me for collaboration. 
�She didn't Becky. I really don't know what you have planned.� 
A sinister smile slowly lit up her face, as she pulled a scalpel from behind
  her. �I'm going to cut you, sara. Scar you. Mark you forever.� 
I felt a cold chill and shivered at the thought, as she held the sharp blade
  in front of me, allowing it's savage abilities to sink in. �I'm going to carve
  your Owners initials into your pubic mound, forever marking you as His.� She
  paused a moment, and added, Have you anything to say?� 
I took a deep breath to calm my beating heart, and said, �Thank you, Becky.
  I'm sure it will please Sir Campbell greatly.� 
She nodded and then sat on a stool, so that she could get close to my mound.
  My fear wouldn't allow me to look down, but I felt the cold alcohol wipes as
  she prepped the area. Then, a burning sensation as the knife cut into me. I
  was powerless to move, her bonds held me fast to the hard post., but my head
  thrashed back and forth as I screamed as she cut me. 
The slicing continued for a few minutes and then stopped. Becky paused as
  she held up a piece of flesh she had cut out of my mound. �Open,� she commanded.
  Bile rose from my stomach when I realized what it was she wanted, demanded.
  Sheepishly, I opened my mouth, and she placed the bloody strip of my flesh
  in my mouth. �Chew it, and swallow it!� 
I bit down lightly, feeling the sinewy flesh tearing under my teeth. I swallowed
  it, trying to not think of what I had just eaten. Becky went back to cutting
  me, and feeding me my own flesh. At long last, �I'm done,� she proclaimed. �Come
  look, Mama!� 

Alicia, Craig and Meredith crowded around my mound looking at the initials
  that had been carved deeply into me. Meredith wiped my mouth with a paper towel,
  and I saw the blood that it picked up. Alicia was busy bandaging the freshly
  cut wound and applying an antiseptic ointment. 
�This will take a good deal of aftercare on your part, sara,� Alicia said,
  as she was taping some gauze over the cuts. �It will take a while for the scabs
  to form. When they do, you must pick them off. At least two or three times,
  in order that they don't heal too fast. It will make the scars much more prominent.� 
�I will do as You wish, Alicia,� I answered, as Meredith undid my straps.
  Craig was supporting me under my armpits as I got down off the table. My rubbery
  legs wouldn't support my weight, so he scooped me up in his arms and carried
  me back to the house and upstairs to bed. As he covered me he bent and gingerly
  kissed me on my forehead, saying, �tomorrow you go home sara. Tomorrow you'll
  be back with your Owner.� 
SARA
CHAPTER 7 
THE SLAVE GOES HOME 
by Charles E. Campbell
I slept fairly well. I mean, I slept fairly well if you took into consideration
  the whipping I had received and the cutting I had endured. My mound throbbed
  in a heavy pulse, but Alicia had given me some Tylenol with codeine before
  taking me to the guest bedroom, so it wasn't unbearable. Of course I didn't
  fall asleep very quickly, between my anticipation of seeing my owner again,
  and wondering if He would approve of my new scars, my mind was far too active
  to succumb to the fatigue that claimed my body. But once I did finally drift
  off, I slept right through until morning. 
Alicia woke me with her gently caressing my hair, and cooing, �Time to get
  up, sara. Your Master is waiting for you to come home.� 
My ascent from the depths of dreamland was both gradual and pleasant. As my
  consciousness became evident to Alicia, She whispered, �you need to get showered
  and have Becky change your dressings before breakfast, sara. You'll be leaving
  in a little over an hour.� 
I sat up and hugged her with a spontaneous enthusiasm, and whimpered softly, �Thank
  You, Goddess, for all You have shown me. I will strive to be the slave that
  Sir Campbell requires� 
�I know you will sara. You're much improved from what you were.� 
I took a hot shower, and lay down on the bed as Alicia watched Becky remove
  the bandages on my pussy mound and inspected the deep cuts she had carved into
  my belly. �I see no signs of infection, Mom, but she needs to pay close attention
  to see that it doesn't start.� 
Alicia took a close look at the cuts and said, �You'll need to change the
  dressings twice a day, and always after you shower, sara. Peel off whatever
  scabs form for the first two weeks, and it will be a bold emblem of your Master's
  ownership of you.� 

Becky dressed the wounds and then taking my hand, she escorted me, naked,
  down to the kitchen, where we found the other two children waiting for us.
  A light breakfast of cantaloupe and honeydew slices, hot buttered croissants,
  jellies, juice and coffee waited for us. Most of the table conversation revolved
  around what it was like to live in New York City. I got the distinct impression
  that they never ventured very far from their pristine rural sanctuary. 
An awkward lull in the conversation indicated to me that my time with them
  was about through. We all seemed to sense it, but it was Alicia who took the
  cue. She stood and said, I know that I speak for all of us when I say that
  we have all learned a great deal from your time here with us, sara. I hope
  that Sir Campbell will bring you back to visit with us again sometime.� 
I thanked them all sincerely, and after heartfelt hugs and kisses were exchanged,
  Alicia said good bye, and walked out of the kitchen. Craig and Becky followed
  her lead and trailed out behind her, leaving only Meredith with me. My perplexed
  and quizzical expression prompted her to say, �you arrived here naked, sara,
  and naked is how you will leave. Just walk back down the driveway. You will
  be met at the road, and taken back to your home. She gave me a very brief and
  very tight squeeze, and sprinted from the room. 
I walked slowly out of the kitchen and through the living room. When I reached
  the front door I half turned, expecting to see them once more, but I knew they
  weren't watching me. I opened the door and stepped out onto the porch and looked
  out on the dark foreboding sky, engulfed in thick black clouds whipped into
  a frenzy by the strong wind tearing through the trees. 
I never looked back as I retraced my steps down the long winding drive, and
  I didn't become self conscious about my naked state until I was at the bottom
  of the driveway, almost at the road. Choosing the thickest pine tree I could
  find, I crouched down behind it and waited for my Master. Or at least that
  was what I thought. 
Only two cars passed by me on this secluded stretch of two lane road as I
  cowered in the shadows listening to the wind in the pines. I was confident
  the cars hadn't noticed me in my hiding place. Finally, after about fifteen
  minutes, an old blue Dodge van, resplendent with graffiti 
came bouncing down the road trailing a plume of oily blue exhaust. I crouched
  even lower behind my tree as the van slowed down and pulled head first into
  the end of the driveway about twenty feet. 
Two seedy looking men emerged from the van stretching and yawning. The driver
  of the van was the taller of the two, about forty years old and very thin,
  a half burned cigarette dangled from his lips. His partner was a younger Hispanic
  man, early twenties. His wife beater shirt exposing multiple tattoos. A satiny
  black doo rag was tied tightly around his head. The driver casually flicked
  his cigarette out into the street, while the Hispanic man opened the rear doors
  of the van. From where I was hiding, I wasn't able to see inside the van. The
  older man scanned the woods for a few moments, then he called out, �Don't think
  I'm gonna wait all day for you, sara. Either you git over here now, or you'll
  be walkin' back to the city.� 
Fear gripped me as I realized that my Owner had sent these two creatures for
  me, rather than to come Himself. Then, as quickly as that thought had come
  to me, it was replaced by the knowledge that He had a reason for sending them,
  and that it was for Him to decide what happened to me, not me. I stood up,
  and called out, �Here I am,� as I started towards the van. 

The younger man's eyes grew wide as I approached. The driver acted as if seeing
  a naked and pierced woman in the middle of nowhere was an everyday occurrence.
  When I got to the van, the driver grabbed me by my arm and pulled me to the
  open doors at the back of the van, just as a rural mail truck passed by. He
  placed a pair of handcuffs on my wrists and locked them behind my back. He
  was considerate enough to take the time to check to see if they wee too tight.
  Then he strapped a large ball gag into my mouth, and buckled it behind my head.
  All the while the Hispanic man stared at my exposed body. The older man seemed
  to read his mind and said, �You'll have time with her, Manny, just not here,
  remember?� 
Manny nodded by way of reply, but a bit of disappointment mixed with a sliver
  of a smile. They both helped get me into the back of the van, where a dog crate
  awaited me. It was hard getting into the crate, as it wasn't very large, and
  my cuffed hands were useless in helping. One 9of them threw a filthy paint
  splattered drop cloth over the crate, and we started the trip back to New York. 
Some static ridden AM sports talk station held their interest for most of
  the trip as the decrepit van bounced along the roads. I did hear the driver
  remark that the trip home would take longer than the trip up, because he would
  have to keep his speed down, as he didn't want to get pulled over and have
  to explain what was in the crate. 
I had no idea about time. The rapidly cramping condition of my arms and legs,
  punctuated by the jarring bounces as the ancient van exaggerated every imperfection
  in the road made the minutes seem eternal. Manny was beginning to lose his
  patience, and kept asking Ralph when he would pull over and let him have �some
  of me.� 
Ralph kept reassuring Manny that he would have as much time with me as he
  wanted, and that he could do whatever he wished, as long as I wasn't permenantly
  marked. 
�I kin hit �er,� he asked Ralph, a sinister enthusiasm in his voice? 
�Yes Manny. I tol'ja. You can hit her. Use a fucking belt on her tits for
  all I care. Just no lasting marks.� 
�I kin fuck her up the ass and make her lick the shit from my dick?� 
�Look Manny,� Ralph replied, �I don't know what part of �anything' you don't
  understand. You can have her do anything you want. She has to do it. Anything
  that little spic mind of yours wants. Ya just can't leave marks on her that
  won't go away.� 
The sarcasm in Ralph's voice was wasted on Manny. He kept up his endless flood
  of questions as the trip rambled on. The only respite from his line of questions
  was the occasional query as to how much longer until they reached their destination.
  Ralph kept counting down for him, as if the younger man couldn't tell time. 

Finally, I felt the van slowing down as I heard Ralph say, �Remember Manny,
  we get her unloaded first. Then I'm getting s blow job and you get her after
  that.� 
Manny's response was a load shrieking war hoop and a fast rhythmic staccato
  pounded out on the dash board. The van came to a stop, and I heard one of the
  doors open and slam shut. A few seconds passed, and the van rolled down a steep
  incline. I heard a garage door rumble to a close behind us as we stopped again.
  The rear doors were pulled open and the tarp was ripped from the crate, exposing
  my to the hungry eyes of my two �friends.� 
As if on cue, Ralph and Manny reached into the van and grabbed the crate in
  unison, yanking it, and me, out of the van and onto the hard concrete floor.
  The ball gag totally suppressed my pain filled yelp as I bounced in the crate.
  Manny took out a set of keys and unlocked the crate, saying, �Git on outa there,
  bitch, and git onyer knees. I gotta big surprise for ya!� 
They both laughed at his crude joke, but their eyes never left my nakedness
  as I worked my way out of the cage and knelt before them. Manny bent down and
  removed the ball gag, but he left my hands cuffed behind me. Ralph slowly inched
  closer to me, undoing his belt buckle as he neared. His dirty fingers fumbled
  with the snap on his well worn jeans. Finally, he got them open and slid the
  jeans down his bony hips, exposing a long thin penis dangling in my face. 
�You know what ta do, cunt. You've sucked dick before. Get to it, or you know
  who is gonna get a long list of complaints about how good you were to me an'
  Manny.� 
I knew he was talking about either Sir Campbell or Alicia, so I leaned forward
  and sucked his limp dick into my mouth, caressing it with my tongue as I sucked
  it deeply into the back of my throat. My tongue swirled all around the lifelessly
  soft invader on my mouth as I sensed the telltale stiffness beginning to make
  it grow. 
�I wanna watch your face while you suck it, bitch. Open yer eyes an' look
  at me!� 
I tilted my head back a bit and opened my eyes to see his face staring down
  at mine. A crooked grin spread across his thin lips, when suddenly, he snorted,
  and spit a pasty mass of phlegm into my eyes. �Filthy whore bitch,� he articulated
  as he spit a second time. 
With the spit filling my eyes I had to strain to keep them opened. His cock
  was now semi-erect and I felt it begin to twitch as his orgasm started to build
  from his hairy ball sac. I braced myself for his load, but only a small amount
  came out. He groaned and grabbed the back of my head, trying to push himself
  as deeply into my mouth as possible, but he had already gone soft, and his
  cock just folded up against my cheeks. 
He slapped me across the face as he pulled himself from my mouth, adding, �Don't
  say I never gave ya anything, slut. 
�She's all yers, Manny,� he said, pulling up his jeans. �I'm gonna get a copupla
  beers. I'll be back in an hour. Have fun, but remember, no lasting marks!� 

�Yeah, yeah, Ralph. Don't worry. Me an' this bitch are gonna have some fun.� 
After Ralph had left the garage and closed the door behind him, Manny undid
  my cuffs and gently helped me to my feet. Tentatively, he inspected the bars
  that pierce my breasts, lifting them to feel their girth and weight. He tugged
  ever so lightly on the U bolt in my labia, watching as it pulled down on the
  lips, stretching them down. Elongating them. His free hand slowly glided across
  my buttocks and thighs, all the while never removing his eyes from mine. 
When he was satisfied in his curiosity, he took a step back from me and stood
  stock still. His eyes locked to mine. Then, in a lightening flash, his balled
  fist flew forward, slamming into the center of my stomach, doubling me over,
  and driving me to the floor, coughing, retching, and gasping for my breath. 
Manny looked down at me as I lay on the dirty floor, disgust in his eyes. �Yer
  gonna hafta take a helluva lot more than that, cunt. I'm gonna give ya a real
  good work out before I'm through with you!� 
That said, he reached down and grabbed the U clamps in my breasts and jerked
  me to my feet. �Let's see how we can make this easier for me. I don't wanna
  hafta ta pickin' you up everytime I hitcha.� His eyes scanned the garage as
  I fought to catch my breath. The pain in my stomach was easing up some, but
  I knew there was a lot more to come. His head stopped moving when his eyes
  lit on something. �Stay here, bitch,� he ordered, walking over to a work bench
  on the far side of the room. I didn't watch him go, but when I heard the clanking
  of steel wheels over my head, I looked up and saw an engine hoist being pulled
  along an I beam by a chain the dropped down into Manny's hand. 
He brought the hoist over until it was right over where I sat on the floor,
  and affixed the hook on the chain so that it went through the U clamps in my
  breast bars, Then he started pulling on the chain, and I could feel the slack
  being taken up from the hook. He kept pulling as I started to rise from the
  floor, and kept right on pulling until my feet left the floor and I was dangling
  free in the air from the bars in my chest. I was now crying softly as the tearing
  strain of hanging by the bars in my breasts grew. Manny pulled my hands back
  behind me and cuffed them together. Then he stood back and surveyed his work
  as I slowly turned in the air. 
�I'm gonna practice some moves on you, bitch. See whatcha think!� 
He started dancing around before me like a boxer sparring; his arms up, hands
  balled into fists, throwing jabs that stopped short of making contact with
  me, as he darted in and out. He did this for a few minutes, and then he started
  to land the jabs into my ribs, thighs and stomach. The force of the blows increased
  as he threw more punches at me. I was crying loudly now as he battered my defenseless
  body. Then, suddenly, he executed a textbook spin kick, catching me squarely
  in the stomach. I screamed as I threw up all over. My stomach awash in pain. 

Manny pulled back a bit, but kept on dancing and throwing jabs. My thighs
  were cramping from the punches and my breasts were on fire from the pressure.
  A wicked spurt of punches landed in my stomach again, and I passed out. 
When I came to, I was dripping wet, and I saw Manny standing in front of me,
  with an empty mop bucket, having just tossed it's grimy contents into my face
  to revive me. Choking and coughing, I returned, unhappily, to my world of pain,
  as he started punching me all over again, dancing and weaving as he shot his
  fists exactly where he wanted them to go. 
I know I passed out again, because the next thing I remember, I was lying
  on the concrete floor, and had been released from my bonds. I ached terribly
  from my breasts to my belly, and was curled up in a fetal position, lying in
  the mix of mop water and my own vomit. 
�You can't take punches fer shit, bitch,� Manny complained when he saw I was
  among the living. �I'm sure you've been whipped worse than that before, haven't
  ya? Which is easier to take? My fists, or a whip?� 
I struggled to look into his face, and saw this wasn't intended as a rhetorical
  question, he was waiting for an answer. �I....I think the whip is easier, Sir,� I
  whimpered weakly. 
�I thought you'd say that,� he chimed happily, leaning down and extending
  his hand to help me up. 
I took hold of his hand and got up on my feet, still somewhat bent over. Manny
  grabbed my arm and shoved me over towards an oil splattered work bench. He
  took a big handful of my hair and forced my face down onto the bench. He was
  standing behind me, and I heard him undo his pants. He reached in front of
  me and I was able to see him pick up the grease gun the lay on the bench. I
  felt the cold metal tip of the gun probing for my rear opening and then felt
  the cold wet grease as he pumped it into my ass. 
A few squirts o f grease filled me, and then the gun was quickly replaced
  by his rock hard cock, which slid in effortlessly. He fucked my ass for all
  he was worth, as my face slid back and forth across the top of the greasy bench.
  After what seemed an eternity, he let out a yell and started to jerk about
  under the throws of an intense orgasm. He held onto my hips, holding himself
  as deeply in me as he could, as his pulsing cock spewed it's load deep in my
  bowels. He wiped his grease covered cock on my ass as he pulled out of me.
  Then he took a step away and stood still. Slowly, I pushed myself up from the
  grimy bench, feeling the slimy ooze beginning to dribble from my ravaged hole.
  When I was standing up straight, I turned around to face him, and that was
  when I saw his fist fly forward into my face. It was the last thing I remember
  until I woke up, lying on my stomach in a salon chair with three women ministering
  to my bruises and cleaning up the greasy mess that I had become. 

Through the foggy haze that engulfed my mind, I lifted my head and recognized
  Heather, the salon girl who had lead the electrolysis team a few months earlier.
  They had permanently removed all of my hair on my mound, legs, and in my butt
  crack. They had even gotten rid of the soft downy hair that was on my breasts.
  As I became more cognizant of where I was and what was happening, I felt an
  enema hose being slowly pushed into my ass. Heather saw the recognition in
  my face and explained, �we're trying to flush all that grease out of your ass.
  It isn't very healthy, and no man is going to be very pleased pulling his grease
  covered dick out after an ass fucking.� 
The warm liquid felt soothing as it was pumped into me, and wasn't as uncomfortable
  as some enemas I have been forced to endure. �Now that you're awake, sara,
  I need you to hold it in. It's going to be a while until we can get all cleaned
  out. In fact, you may notice some grease in your stool for a few days, as it
  worked it's way pretty deeply into your bowels,� Heather explained. �After
  we get you cleaned up some more, we're going to remove the rest of that fine
  hair on your back and buttocks. Oh, and I'm sure you'll be pleased to know,
  Sir Campbell has finally acquiesced. He is going to allow me to do your arm
  pit hair as well. I was able to convince him that your humiliation in having
  that hair wasn't enough of a motivation for ruining your hairless appearance.
  I think Mistress Ilsa got to Him as well.� 
One of the salon women continued with my enemas until they finally began to
  run clean, while Heather and another one were removing all of the unwanted
  hair. When they had finished up on my back and cheeks, I was untied and made
  to sit in the chair, my arms were then cuffed and pulled high over my head,
  leaving the fur. under my arms accessible to their ministrations. It only took
  the two of them about fifty minutes or so to completely remove the hair under
  mt arms. Heather then told me that Amy, a new girl at the salon would apply
  my make-up, as the shiner from Manny's fist was going to take some professional
  work to hide. 
When everyone was satisfied with the way I looked, Heather helped me out of
  the chair and draped a red velvet cape over my shoulders. As she tied it around
  my neck, I was then made to step into a pair of matching red leather heels
  that were held on my soft red suede strips that they crisscrossed up my legs
  and tied just below my knees. I stood before full length mirror at my reflection,
  Heather pulled back the cape so the cuts on my belly weren't hidden. I lifted
  my arms to see the smooth hair free skin that Amy had powdered generously.
  Heather dropped the cape, and, producing a set of handcuffs, she cuffed my
  hands behind me, saying, �A cab is waiting for you at the curb. The driver
  will take you back to your Owner's home. When you get there, just ring the
  bell and someone will open the door for you. Good luck!� And with a peck on
  my cheek and a quick hug, she stepped back and let Amy escort me to the door
  which lead to the street. And, as she had said, a cab was pulled up at the
  curb, waiting for me. 
Amy opened the door and watched with some fascination as I tried to maintain
  even a minimal degree of modesty as I got into the car, the open cape hiding
  only my back as I slid across the seat. Amy said good bye and closed the door.
  Without instructions from me, the driver pulled out, and headed back uptown
  to my master's townhouse on 92 nd . 

We weren't more than half a block before the cab driver readjusted his mirror
  to allow him a good view of my exposed breasts. The cape had fallen off my
  shoulders and was bunched up behind me, leaving all of me open for viewing.
  A few pedestrians caught quick glimpses as we sped up 3 rd Ave. The driver
  pretty much divided his time between watching the streets and ogling me. Finally,
  he pulled up in front of a fire hydrant three doors down from my Master's building.
  He turned around in his seat and started for a few minutes, but kept his hands
  to himself. �The fare's taken care of, little lady,� he said. You can get out.� 
I hesitated a few seconds trying to figure out how I could try and keep a
  modicum of dignity while I twisted and tried to open the door with my cuffed
  hands. After a few futile attempts, I just pushed myself against the door by
  pushing with my naked legs, and grappled with the handle. The driver never
  took his eyes off of me until I had successfully gotten out of the cab and
  had pushed the door shut with my butt. Thankfully, the cape had gotten back
  on my shoulders during the twisting and turning, and now gave me some cover
  as I stood out on the dismal looking street, the overcast day and pending nightfall
  had caused the street lights top come on earlier than usual. 
The cape barely made it to my butt cheeks in back, and would flap in the wind
  as I walked, so I had to take small steps very slowly to not give myself away
  to the people on the sidewalk. I saw a gaggle of pre-teen school girls dressed
  in the uniform for some exclusive upper east side private school, approaching
  and my heart sank when I realized that I wouldn't make it to the stoop before
  passing them. Their excited banter gave me a false hope that I might pass unnoticed,
  but one of them must have caught a flash of exposed flesh, and she pointed
  it out to her friends before we passed. All ten of their young eyes were scanning
  up and down the length of my body watching to see what might be revealed to
  them as I walked to them. I heard them using terms like whore and prostitute
  as I started up the steps that lead to Sir Campbell's home. 
Excitement made my heart pound as I stood at the huge oaken door. I had done
  what He wanted, endured what He desired, and was now home, to share my newfound
  submissiveness with Him, for Him. I had to turn around and feel for the door
  bell, and then after I managed to ring it, I dropped to my knees facing the
  door and waited for my Owner to appear. My heart ws pounding through my chest
  as I knelt on the welcome mat waiting for Him. I could hear the foyer door
  open, and then heard the deadbolt turn. I was crushed when the door opened
  and a naked slave stood in the doorway. I recognized her from the ceremony
  when I was collared as Sir Campbell's slave, and the piercings were placed
  in my breasts, labia, and septum. Her name was slut, and she was the collared
  slave of Mistress Ilsa, Sir Campbell's best friend and mentor. 
�Come in, sara,� she bade me. �Let me take your cape,� and before I could
  stand up, she bent over and removed my cape, so I knelt naked on the stoop.
  I stood up as fast as I could with my cuffed hands, and walked through the
  door as she stood back to let me pass. Slut tossed my cape over a chair in
  the foyer and, unlocking my cuffs, asked, �you must be hungry, let's go into
  the kitchen and I'll fix you something to eat. Then I will explain to you about
  your Master.� 
I trailed behind her as we made our way back to the kitchen. She made a hot
  bowl of soup and a sandwich for me with a steaming cup of tea. When I had settled
  into the meal, she took a sip from her teacup and said, �I'm sure you're wondering
  where your Master is. I'm also sure you're somewhat disappointed at His not
  being her to greet you himself. 

�While I know that you are aware that His whereabouts are none of your business,
  he has instructed me to inform you that He was called away suddenly on emergency
  business in Europe. He flew out this morning. His full intention was to be
  here to greet you Himself when you got in, but, unfortunately, that was impossible.
  He believes that He should be back in ten days to two weeks, and at that time,
  He will host a small party in your honor. To mark your return as His slave. 
�He doesn't want you to spend all that time alone in His house, so He asked
  My Owner if She would consent to letting me stay here with you until His return.
  We have free run of His house, and can do pretty much as we like; museums,
  Broadway shows, art galleries, movies, whatever you would like. His only restrictions
  are that no one is to be in the house with us, and that we are not to have
  any sexual contact between us. I am to tend to you, care for your cuttings,
  bathe and make you up, wash your hair, and any other things that you might
  need. We can even go out to restaurants if you would like. You are to sleep
  in the guest bedroom, in the bed. I will be sleeping on the floor in the basement,
  but you can reach me with the intercom if you should need anything. 
�I don't think I've forgotten anything. Have you any questions?� 
�No, thank you, .....er........slut.� 
�That's alright sara. You may call me by the name My Mistress granted me.
  It is both what I am and who I am.� 
�I understand,� I answered her, still not comfortable with the name. 
�Is there anything you'd like to do tonight, sara? Or would you prefer a quiet
  evening with the television or reading?� 
�Just the TV would be fine with me, slut. I'm really tired and don't think
  I'll be staying up very late.� 
�As you wish, sara, we have lots of time.� 







SARA


by: Charles E. Campbell



CHAPTER 8


STACY OPENS UP



(Author&#8217;s note: It is my intention at this time to introduce some of my characters from my other stories to various other characters in this chapter of Sara. The �visiting�characters will be coming from: CHELSEA&#8217;S F. N. P. C., SOME CALL IT PLAY, and NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE. These characters will also be relating their experiences with sara, and each other, in the first person, from their perspective, in their original stories at the same time. I will be submitting all of the different chapters at the same time in an attempt to maintain cohesiveness throughout the individual story lines. 




I woke up and found the bed empty. my Master had left early, before daybreak, to attend a business conference of some kind on the west coast. He wasn&#8217;t due back for five days. Slipping out of bed, i stretched, bent and touched my toes a few times, and then took care of my toilet needs. Usual morning routine, headed to the kitchen to fix myself some breakfast. Propped up on the kitchen table, leaning against a bud vase containing a single red rose, was an envelope in His hand, with my name on it, all lower case letters of course. i made a cup of coffee, black, and sat own to read the contents: �While I am away,� it began, � you are free to do as you wish. The only thing I want you to do is visit Dermis on Saturday at noon. Make sure you prepare yourself properly and carry yourself as if I were there with you. You are permitted to ask anyone, but you may deny anyone. How long you wish to remain there is up to you, but you must stay until at least 3:00PM. I will call you Saturday night to see how it went.� It was signed, simply, �Sir C.�

i hadn&#8217;t been to Dermis in months, but i always enjoyed my time there.&nbsp; Then i also realized i had never been there without my Owner as an escort. And He never forbade&nbsp; me to deny anyone before. He had always left the choices up to me before. i smiled to myself as i realized that He was going to test me, control me, from thousands of miles away. i resolved at that moment that i would not disappoint Him.


It was only Thursday, so Ii quickly called my salon and booked an appointment with Heather, my beautician for Saturday morning at 9:00AM. The whole works: manicure, pedicure, nail and toe polish, shampoo and hair cut, touch up electrolysis where needed and full make up, including my areolas and inner labia. Two and a half hours if all went well, which would leave ample time for a cab ride to Dermis.

i ate a light breakfast of fruit, toast, dry of course, and a second cup of coffee before heading to the gym for my tri-weekly work out. Sir Campbell is adamant about me keeping at the peak of fitness at all times, which meant i spend three days each week at the gym, alone with my personal trainer, and three days each week at home on our equipment. Today was a gym day.

Traffic was light, so I arrived at the gym fifteen minutes early. my trainer, Annie, saw me sign in and called out, �You&#8217;re early!. I&#8217;ll be with you in about ten minutes. Go ahead and get ready and do your warm ups. That way we can start right in when I get there.�

i walked through the large apparatus room, glancing occasionally at the middle aged women and trophy wives struggling to tone up their bodies, dressed in their bright spandex outfits. The gym was expensive, for sure, and each one of the clients was well heeled, or they wouldn&#8217;t have even been considered for membership. my Owner is wealthy beyond any amount i could ever imagine, although i really couldn&#8217;t even hazard a guess as to what it was that allowed us to live the lifestyle we enjoy. 

Through the doors of the apparatus room, down past the steam rooms and showers, passing the locker rooms, (this is a women only facility), and i came to the two private rooms. i have never seen anyone else back here except for Annie and myself. 

Opening the door, i flipped on the lights. The bright florescents lit up the rowing machine, stationary bike, free weights, Stair Master, and all the other equipment Annie would make me use as she ran me through my paces. i set my gym bag down and got undressed. Naked. i placed my clothes in the bag. No work out suits for me. No sweat pants, or shorts allowed. i have always done my exercise regimen in the nude. Annie, my overly out Lesbian trainer insists upon that as a condition of her working with me, and being my personal trainer. 

i ran through Annie prescribed warm-up order: jumping jacks, sit-ups, push-ups, stretching, squat thrusts, toe touching, and deep knee bends. deep knee bends. Slightly sweating, my heart rate accelerating and breathing more deeply, i was just finishing up as the door opened and Annie burst in. This time, however, she wasn&#8217;t alone. A small perky blonde with long hair pulled back in a pony tail, very tight short shorts, tank top, and white sneakers followed her into the room. 

�This is, Amy, sara,� Annie introduced her as if nothing was out of place. �She&#8217;s considering hiring me for some private sessions. I suggested to her that she should see what goes on a private before making up her mind. I told her I was sure you wouldn&#8217;t mind.�


This was certainly not the first time Ii had been naked in front of a total stranger., �Not a problem at all, Annie. Pleased to meet you, Amy,� i said warmly, walking over and extending my hand to shake hers. If she was the least bit taken aback by my brazen nudity, she certainly didn&#8217;t register it. �She&#8217;s really good at this,� i continued, She knows how to push your limits and she gets great results.�

�I can see that,� Amy agreed, carefully scrutinizing my well defined calves, thighs, abs and arms, as well as my flat belly and firm ass. She seemed to pay no attention to the wide and plentiful steel that adorns me.

Without any further pleasantries, Annie stripped off her gym issue warm up pants, polo shirt, sneakers and socks, revealing a thin and taut muscular body completely devoid of the slightest hint of any body fat. Her breasts, if they could be called that, would have been considered small for even a nine year old boy, let alone an adult woman. Clean shaven, her full and large pubic mound seemed to flaunt the slit hidden within. �Let&#8217;s start with te medicine ball, shall we?� she asked rhetorically, picking up the heavy leather ball and squaring off to face me.

Annie hurled it straight at my gut unannounced. i caught it against my stomach and threw it back. This exchange went on for a few minutes, my belly turning as bright pink from the ball&#8217;s impact, and my stomach muscles aching from having to contract tightly with each toss of the ball.&nbsp; 

Seemingly satisfied, Annie moved me quickly through an obviously well choreographed routing, which includes: jumping rope, pull ups and chin ups from an overhead bar, and several sets of crunches and sit ups. Only when this regimen was completed did she allow me a short break and a bottle of water.

�Must keep the skin hydrated,� she admonished me after i only took a small sip.

�How long have you been coming to Annie,� Amy asked me?

�Oh,� pausing as my breath returned to somewhat normal, i guess about six months now.�

�Yes,� Annie concurred, �Just about six months.�

�We work out here together three times each week,� i offered.

�Are you happy with your results?�

�i am, that&#8217;s for sure. But more importantly than that, my Owner is very pleased with how i look.�

Amy&#8217;s brow furrowed at my use of the word &#8216;Owner.&#8217;

Annie picked up on it right away and interjected, �sara is a legally owned sex slave. she belongs to a very wealthy man who takes care of her every need.�

�Really,� Amy said, a neutral tone in her voice.

�i have no needs other than to serve my Master,� i furthered. i am His to do with as He wishes, and in return, He sees to it that i am wanting nothing but to serve Him.�

�Shall we continue, sara,� Annie interrupted. �I really want you looking fit for Saturday.� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

�All set, Annie,� i said, springing up from my seat.

The second half of my work outs is always tougher than the first half because Annie makes it that more intense. All kinds of exercise equipment is used until i am covered in sweat and out of breath. Annie, of course, who has kept pace with me the entire time, barely breaks a sweat.

�See you on Monday, sara,� Annie said as she began kissing me full on the mouth. Her tongue slid into my mouth unhindered, free to explore as she wished. Annie let her hand glide doen the front of my sweaty belly searching for my pussy. Her fingers parted the lips and one finger probed my depths.

�Thank me, sara,� she commanded softly.

Licking her fingers clean, i muttered, �Thank you, Annie.�

Annie got dressed as Amy thanked me for allowing her to watch my work out. i went to the showers and then got dressed and headed home for lunch.

While eating a lunch which consisted of fresh salad, yogurt, and unsweetened iced tea, i sorted through the mail. One of the items was a flyer from my favorite sex shop down in the Village, proclaiming the arrival of many new and exciting items. Master had given me total freedom in His absence, except for Saturday afternoon, so i decided to head down to the Village and see what was new. 

Hailing a cab, i was dropped off on Bleeker St, about two blocks from the shop. Ii walked down the crowded street gazing in the store windows. The window display at the sex shop was kinky, but legal. Mannequins in leather halters and hoods holding whips and hand cuffs. The typical fetish stuff i thought to myself as i pushed the door open and walked in. As was to be expected, i was the sole female in the store. About six men were there gazing at porn magazines and videos. i walked past them and up to the counter. �Hi, Billy,� i said. Got you flyer and thought i&#8217;d drop in and see what&#8217;s new.�

�Hey Sara,� Billy responded, looking away from his Daily News crossword puzzle. �I was hoping you&#8217;d come in. We got some new things I think you&#8217;re really gonna like!�

It was quite obvious that a couple of the men were �discreetly� trying to maneuver themselves closer so they might eavesdrop on the conversation. Billy reached under the counter and produced a small black plastic box. He handed it over to me and said, �Here, check these babies out!�


Taking the box from him, i removed the lid. Inside was a pair of very shiny black powder coated nipple clamps, with needle sharp teeth. i took them from the box and pinched one open, looking at the wickedly sharp pointed teeth. Gently, i let it close on one of my fingers and it instantly bit into my skin, puncturing it in a series of tiny pinpricks. �C would love these, that&#8217;s for sure,� i said. �What else do you have?�

�Check out the whip rack. There&#8217;s a couple of new ones back there you might enjoy.

�Should I hold these for you?� he asked, taking the clamps back.

�Please, yes. i&#8217;m going to hate that, but &#8216;C&#8217; will surely love them.�

i walked down a narrow aisle lined with vibrators, dildos, and the usual feminine insertion toys, all sealed in plastic packaging. At the end of the aisle, the wall was covered with a section of old chain link fence. Clipped to the fence were all sorts and varieties of whips, canes, floggers, and crops. There were acrylic ones, natural rattan, bamboo, rubber, leather, all sorts of materials. Some were dyed in red or purple or silver, and some were left in their natural color. my eyes played over the display of pain producing instruments before coming to rest on a buggy whip with a metal shaft. Black braided leather had been used to form the handle, and a six inch long this leather strip dangled from the business end. The shaft was ultra thin and all metal. Extremely flexible. When wield by trained hands, i knew the potential of this whip. It would erupt in white heat fire raising narrow but high welts on impact. It quite possibly would rupture the skin with a single lash.

i perched on tip toes and reached up to unhook the whip from the fencing. It was extremely light weight, a wicked deception, which belied it&#8217;s hot fire potential. Swishing it through the air i listened to the telltale whistle it made. i like to try and identify every whip Sir Campbell uses on my body by it&#8217;s sound. i firmly believe each whip has it&#8217;s own unique and personal whistle just before contact is made. 

Of course i brought the whip back to the counter, the eyes of all six men were wide with awe as they saw it. �I knew you&#8217;d have to have that one, sara,� Billy said proud of his knowledge of me. �It&#8217;s brand new on the market. You&#8217;ll have to promise me you&#8217;ll show me what it can do to you.�

�Of course, Billy. Anything for you, you know that.�

�I have one more knew item. Just came out last week. Not sure if it&#8217;s something &#8216;C&#8217; might like to play with, but I know he likes to try new things.�

Billy held up a small dark brown bottle of liquid, no more than four ounces and handed it to me. i looked at it, but there was no label explaining what it was. �What is it?� i asked peering into the dark glass. 


�It&#8217;s an extract of the chemical found in stinging nettles!� He was quite apparently happy with this product. �It can be applied directly to the skin, or you can put it in an atomizer and spray it on, or you could dip the end of a crop or whip into it. There are all sorts of uses really.�

i shuddered involuntarily. Sir Campbell had once whipped me with the branches from the notorious plant, and the agony was maddening. The pain i suffered lasted a few hours, and nothing i tried would alleviate it. 

�i&#8217;ll take a bottle of that as well,� ii whispered, frightened but what ii would be offering up to Master. �If He likes it, that&#8217;s all that matters.�

That night, after dinner, alone and naked, i went to the video cabinet and selected some bondage videos to watch. Sitting on a thick bath towel in the over stuffed recliner, i draped my legs over the arms so my legs were spread wide open. i played wit myself leisurely as ii watched the videos. Not only was this something i really enjoy doing when my Owner is not at home, it is, in fact, something He expects me to do in His absence. Release is, of course, strictly forbidden. Only He can grant me that. His rule is, that should i cum, even inadvertently, i am required to not only inform Sir Campbell of my transgression, but i am also required to whip myself on my cunt, with His thick black leather belt doubled over. And this whipping is to continue until my cunt is swollen to the point where the labia is puffed out and dark red. 

Sometimes i let myself cum intentionally, knowing what i would have to do afterwards. The idea of self bondage and self torture has always turned me on, from even when i was a young girl. i know that even if i had never become Sir Campbell&#8217;s property, i would still be involved in the submissive lifestyle, even if i only explored it as a solo experience. 

That night, i opted not to succumb to the temptation, electing to wait until Friday night instead, so when i went to the salon and to Dermis, i would bear fresh bruises.

The following morning, i got up, showered and had a breakfast that consisted of a grapefruit half, black coffee and yogurt. At 9:00AM sharp, the buzzer rand, telling me someone was in the lobby looking to get buzzed in. �Yes,� i said into the intercom.�

�Hey, it&#8217;s me! Ready for our workout?�

It was Stacy Greene, my old friend from well before my time with Sir Campbell.

�Sure Stace, i&#8217;m all set. i was just waiting on you,� i jested her, as&nbsp; i pushed the button to unlock the lobby door.

Stacy was a friend&nbsp; i had met years before, when ii was working in a dry cleaners in Queens. We&#8217;re about the same age, so it was natural for us to start hanging out together on weekends. Stacy is from the Midwest and had a lot of difficulties getting acclimated to New York at first. Stacy soon met a really nice real estate broker at about the same time&nbsp; i started exploring the sub-scene. We didn&#8217;t really drift apart, but we did see each other less and less as our lives took decidedly different paths. 


Out of the blue, about a year ago, we ran into each other at an opening at MOMA, and our friendship was rekindled. Almost like it had never stopped. 

Stacy has always had to work very hard to maintain her weight.&nbsp; i told her that&nbsp; i had a well equipped gym at home, and on impulse,&nbsp; i invited her over to come over and work out with me. As soon as&nbsp; i had asked her,&nbsp; i remembered that ii always work out naked, and Stacy was not aware of my status as a collared slave. Working up the courage to speak with Sir Campbell about my predicament,&nbsp; i found Him to be not the least bit sympathetic. In fact, He insisted that&nbsp; i be naked when Stacy arrived and that&nbsp; i remain that way as long as she was there with me. Even without my extensive training, i knew that pleading or trying to reason with Sir Campbell was not only futile, but a blatant sign of disrespect, so having no alternative, i went along with it. 

Stacy came by the following Friday and i buzzed her in. She was greeted at my door by my heavily pierced naked form, and i said, �Good morning, i&#8217;m glad you could come over and work out with me. Please come in.�&nbsp; Butterflies were free in my stomach, as Stacy was the first vanilla person who had ever seen me like this.

Her eyes were wide as she took in what must have been a strange and never to be expected spectacle. But she made no mention of my condition, rather, she just asked, �May I remain dressed?�

�Of course you may. Whatever makes you comfortable, Stacey, i said quickly, trying to make her less ill at ease with me. �I, um, i.....it&#8217;s just that i prefer to work out in the nude. That&#8217;s all. Less sweaty clothes to wash, you know.�

�I see. Practical!� But i could see she wasn&#8217;t buying it for a second. 

�Okay. Not true, Stacy,� i said sheepishly. Master would catch me in the lie, and He always insists that i be truthful about my condition. �The truth is,� i began, not looked at her, �The truth is that i am a collared slave. That means that i am owned by someone. They same way one might own a horse, or cattle. A car or a house. Property. My owner requires that i am always naked when i am home. No matter who might be coming by.�

�And all of this,� Stacy asked pointing to my steel collar, wrist and ankle cuffs, and piercings?

�Well,........the collar is a symbol of my ownership. Anyone in the lifestyle, upon seeing it, would instantly recognize it and understand it&#8217;s meaning. And that is that i am owned. The wrist and ankle cuffs are permanent. They are used whenever Master wishes to bind me. But they also serve as a constant reminder to me that i am a collared slave. They are symbols of His total ownership of every part of me. In essence, my body no longer belongs to me. My life is no longer mine. Everything i have is His. Everything i am is for Him.�

�Are.........are you,....are you happy, Sara?�


A broad smile broke out across my face, as i said proudly, �Yes. Yes Stacey. i am happier than i have ever been in my whole life!�

�Then I am happy for you,� she said and she hugged me, oblivious to my nudity. 

The topic of my condition never again came up between us. We had our weekly work out sessions, always on Fridays. About two months ago, after much encouragement and coaxing from me, Stacy was finally able to shed her inhibitions and run our exercise regimen naked alongside me. This was a giant step forward for her, because she has always been forty to fifty pounds over weight. It seemed like nothing she ever tried worked, but that never stopped her from trying to lose the extra weight. Her pendulous 44 D&#8217;s would swing and sway freely as she skipped rope or use the rowing machine. She would sweat profusely, causing her hair to get matted and soaked. The gym would take on the odor of her body each week before we would head to the shower, together. We washed each other very lovingly, but never sexually. 

It was that Friday that i got the brilliant idea of really trying to get Stacy to shed her inhibitions and self conscious feelings of inadequacy about her body. After showering, ii suggested coffee, as neither of us had anything pressing to do. Stacy agreed, saying, �Sure, sara, I&#8217;d love a coffee. Let me get dressed and I&#8217;ll join you.�

�No, no, Stacy,� i said quickly, taking her hand. �Why bother getting dressed. It&#8217;s not like we have anything to hide from each other, is there?�

�Well, n....no.....I guess not. But.........., I just feel kind of funny, that&#8217;s all.� Her face was turning red.

�About what, Stace? You&#8217;ve seen me naked every week for months now. And I&#8217;ve seen you naked for the past couple of months too. So what&#8217;s the big deal. You know ii have to be naked. Why not join me? You might get used to it and find you like it. And besides,� i added trying hard to convince her, �You&#8217;re far more beautiful than you give yourself credit for.�

�Oh cut it out, sara. I&#8217;m a fat cow. Just look at me.� And to emphasize her point, she flipped her mammoth breasts, causing them to jiggle and bounce. 

�i&#8217;m serious, Stace. You really are very beautiful. Your complexion is like peaches and cream, you never need to wear any make up at all. You have a radiant smile, bright and infectious. Your tits are to die for! i mean, just look at my tiny things. i look more like i&#8217;m eleven. You&#8217;re a well endowed full figured woman. i look like a little girl!�

Stacy blushed some more as ii saw her eyes drop to my 32 C&#8217;s, adorned with the thick rings behind my areolas, and the big rods that skewer them deep at the base of each one, which makes them look even smaller, if that&#8217;s possible. 

�But you&#8217;re so fit a trim,� she complemented me. �I&#8217;ve seen how you turn people&#8217;s heads, men and women both! Most people look at me and snicker or make lewd comments behind my back when they think I can&#8217;t hear them.�

�Well, i for one find you very attractive, and i want to prove it to you. What are you doing tomorrow, about twelve noon?�

�Nothing,� she thought out loud. �I don&#8217;t have anything on all weekend. Frank is off on a sailing trip for the weekend I was thinking about maybe hitting a museum or a show. That&#8217;s about it. Why?�

�Well, i have something planned.......and you&#8217;re invited!�

�What is it? What are you doing?�

�i&#8217;m not going to tell you. It&#8217;s going to be my surprise. Suffice it to say that i think this will be just the thing for you. But you&#8217;re going to have to trust me completely. No questions. And you have to do anything i tell you to. No matter what. Deal?�

Stacy didn&#8217;t answer right away. One look at her face told me she was very apprehensive about entering into something with me.

�C&#8217;mon, Stacy. We&#8217;ve been friends a really long time. You know i&#8217;d never do anything to hurt or embarrass you. Hell, you&#8217;ve never once passed judgement on me about my condition, my life choice. You&#8217;re the only vanilla friend ii have who even knows about my condition. i would never do anything to jeopardize that. What do you say?�

Stacy thought it over for a minute, and then she smiled, �Oh, what the hell. I&#8217;m game.�

�Then it&#8217;s all set. i&#8217;ll swing by and pick you up about 11:45. i&#8217;ll give you a call so you can be on the street and i won&#8217;t have top look for a parking place in your neighborhood.

�No, wait a minute,� i interrupted myself, as another idea flashed into my head. �i&#8217;ve got a better idea. Hold on a second.�

Grabbing the phone, i quickly dialed the salon. �Hi, this is sara, is Heather there today?�

�Certainly, sara, please hold and I&#8217;ll get her for you.�

�Thank you.� The insipid but prerequisite ambient music began to drone in my ear, as my plan was taking shape. Stacy was watching and listening, obviously curious and puzzled.

A few seconds passed, and Heather picked up, saying, �Hi sara, It&#8217;s Heather. How are you? What can I do for you?�

i was wondering if you have a like minded cohort who could join us tomorrow. i have a friend i&#8217;d like to bring along with me.�

�Full works as well?�

�Pretty much, i&#8217;m thinking. But we can discuss the details when we see you.�

�I have someone in mind who would be good. Is your friend life style?�

�No! One hundred percent vanilla, as a matter of fact, but she knows about me, and she&#8217;s fine with it.�

�No problem,� Heather said. �See you both at 9:00!�

�Thanks,� i got in just as she was hanging up.

The expression on Stacy&#8217;s face during that conversation was one of bewilderment and confusion. �What was all of that,� she asked me?

�i&#8217;m not telling you, remember? i just got a much better idea that i think you&#8217;re really going to love. Have to make a change of time, though. Instead of 11:45, i&#8217;ll swing by at 8:45. We&#8217;re going to make an entire day of it!�

�Well.........alright.�&nbsp; An uncertainty in her tone belied her apprehension, but she accepted it, and added, �You&#8217;re the boss! I&#8217;ll see you tomorrow!�

She gave me a big hug, crushing my skinny body into her ample chest. She got dressed, and was gone. 

Being that it was such a beautiful day, i elected to walk down a few blocks to the corner caf� for lunch at one of their outside tables. After that, off to the green grocer for some fresh vegetables and salad fixings. Maybe even some chicken cutlets. 

After dinner, i cleaned up and then assembled the various items i would need for my self entertainment that night. i had been planning the evening in my head all afternoon, and knew exactly what things i would need to do everything right. 

i covered the recliner with two thick bath towels, then i locked a spreader bar to my ankle cuffs. This is the widest one we have, four feet across, and non-adjustable. As soon as you&#8217;re attached to it, the strain and cramping begins. Walking&nbsp; is arduous at best, but i had no intention o f doing much walking until the evening was ended. i had selected one of my all-time favorite toys, a combination dildo and butt plug. Licking both prongs until it was coated with saliva, i inserted it into my pussy and my ass at the same time. The thick bulb at the end of the butt plug makes insertion a real challenge, but it also insures that involuntary expulsion is impossible. 

Then i sat back in the recliner and tuned on the dvd player and tv. One of the best German import films i have ever seen. Very severe and very real. No cheap boob job bondage models from California in this one. These are regular people, like me, engaging in their favorite pastime, and filming it so they could share it with other like minded people. 


The woman was hanging from her wrists, her legs spread wide with a bar, just like mine. Her large natural breasts had been tied tightly with a rough cord and they had turned a dark bluish purple from the loss of circulation. Two women, both topless, were alternating blows with single tail whips, striking her belly and back. Her very real unscripted screams filled the dungeon in which it was filmed. Unable to stop myself, my fingers were furiously rubbing and pinching my swollen clit. Several times i had to stop, as i felt the approaching waves of an orgasm building deep inside me. i wanted the night to last, at least a few hours, so the added frustration of postponed relief made it even more intense. 

In the next scene, the woman was now suspended from a steel cable with a large metal hook at the end of it. The cord that bound her breasts was in the hook. Her hands were bound behind her back with steel wrist cuffs and chain, and she was hanging, in mid-air, from her tits, which looked as if they might literally be torn from her chest. Underneath her sat a wooden pony, waiting. It was made of plywood, with the two sheets of wood coming together at a forty-five degree angle. The point where the sheets came together had been cut into a sharp edge. The sound of en electric motor began, and slowly she was being lowered onto the pony. The two topless women were each holding ropes that had been tied to her steel ankle cuffs, and they kept her legs splayed wide apart, in offering to the pony. They were making sure the sharpened wood would find the tender cleft, which appeared as an obscenely gaping hole as the camera zoomed in for a close-up.

When the winch had lowered the slave so that her ful weight was on her crotch, the woman tied weights to the ropes on her ankles, helping gravity with it&#8217;s relentless torture. Donning heavy leather gloves, the two women picked up branches of stinging nettles and commenced to whipping the woman on her thighs, belly, breasts and back. Her head flailed back and forth wildly and she screamed like a mad woman, but the two torturers kept up their assault, unaffected by her screams and pleas for mercy. By this point in the movie, i had come near to exploding many more times than i could count, and ii had to stop the movie and remove my hand from my sopping puss. i could smell my sex in the air, and i was certainly glad i had placed not one, but two towels on the recliner before sitting on it. 

Treating this as an intermission, i took a set of nipple clamps, the non-adjustable kind, and clamped them on my rock hard nipples. Then i reached between my spread legs and took hold of the toy with my right hand and yanked it out. A loud &#8216;splook&#8217; sound accompanied it&#8217;s removal. i jabbed it back in as quickly as i could and then fucked my two holes with it savagely. After a few minutes, i stopped and looked at the toy, it definitely needed a good cleaning, so i sucked the dildo and butt plug until they were spotless and odor free before re-inserting it and getting back to watching the video. 

The woman was now outdoors, and she was kneeling at the base of a large crude wooden Tau cross. The sun was bright in the cloudless sky, and her body was covered in sweat. It looked to be a very hot and dry afternoon.


The same two topless women placed step ladders on either side of the cross, the they put a third one in the middle. Leaning it against the stout upright beam. They pointed to the ladder, and the beaten, dejected woman got up off her knees and she slowly began to the climb the ladder to her fate. Reaching the top, she turned around and placed her back against the rough wood. The women tied stout ropes to her wrists very tightly. Then they secured the rope to rings that had been bolted to the ends of the cross member beam. They pulled the ropes tight, insuring that the slave&#8217;s arms were stretched out as far as they could get them before climbing back down off their ladders. Alone, and frightened, the slave was obviously&nbsp; pleading with them for pity. It was futile, of course. One of the women said something in German to her cohort, and the second woman pulled the middle ladder out from under the slave&#8217;s feet, causing her to drop hard. She screamed when her body stopped it&#8217;s fall, tearing at her shoulders elbows, and wrists.

Finally, they tied her steel ankle cuffs to a set of smaller rings on the sides of the upright beam, which had been place so that whoever was crucified would have their knees bent slightly. The only way to straighten them would be to stand and let the steel cuffs support her weight. Lastly, they picked up the three ladders and walked away, leaving the slave alone to her agony. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

By this point i was crazed and out of my mind. Unable to push myself any further, i succumbed, letting tidal waves of orgiastic ecstasy crash through my body. Shaking from head to toe, my fingers were a frenzy in my dripping pussy.

After the shaking had subsided, i just lay there with my eyes closed, gathering my wits after such a mind blowing cum. After about five minutes, i gradually opened my eyes, and they slowly began to refocus on the still playing video. The woman was still hanging from her cross, but it was now obviously much later in the day, as long shadows fell behind the cross, and her previously pale skin was not badly sunburned. i stopped the video and began the preparations for the most important part of the evening, my self punishment, for the major infraction of allowing myself to cum without my Owner&#8217;s permission.

i pulled the toy out of my holes and cleaned it properly. Then i generously smeared my crotch with a jelly before placing the large suction cup over the area. Flipping on the switch, i watched as all the tender skin of my inner and outer lips was sucked deeply into the cup. No gradual increase in pressure, full suction all at once. i had decided that i needed fifteen minutes of atonement before beginning the serious punishment. 

The clock on the dvd player seemed to stand still as my pussy was sucked by the machine. Three minutes.........four minutes....... i wasn&#8217;t sure if i could take fifteen minutes. Twelve had been my personal best so far, but ii was determined to endure it for Him. 

At long last, after fifteen excruciating minutes, i turned off the pump and removed the suction cup so i could look at what ii had done to myself. my labia were bright red and swollen so much that they looked as if they had been subjected to multiple saline injections. my clit was equally puffed up and was aching.&nbsp; my preparations complete, i was ready to begin my punishment. 

Taking a firm hold on my Master&#8217;s thick black leather belt, i doubled it over and said aloud, �Forgive this worthless slave, Sir Campbell, for she has cum without your permission. i need to be punished severely. i request twenty-five lashes on my cunt with Your belt.�

i took and deep breath, held it, and slowly exhaled, and snapped the belt into my cunt. Instantly, fire erupted on the swollen sensitive skin. i cried out and looked down at myself. Fearing that i might be heard, i stopped long enough to strap a big red rubber ball gag into my mouth. Buckling it behind my head&nbsp; is very effective in muffling my pitiful screams.

i picked up the belt again and lashed myself. i wanted to go quickly to get it over with, but i know that for it to be a truly proper punishment, it has to be drawn out. So i waited sixty seconds between each stroke.

By ten i was crying freely. At fifteen, one of the swollen lips had split and was bleeding. At twenty i thought i might lose consciousness. 

Stroke twenty-one landed off target, on the inside of my thigh. It stung, but for my bad aim, i said, �Please forgive Your miserable slut&#8217;s inability to properly punish herself. i respectfully request five more lashes in retribution, to make up for my poor skills with the belt.�

Tears flowed freely by the time i had reached stroke twenty-nine. i steeled myself for number thirty, the final lash, resolving to make it the hardest of them all. It landed squarely, with a resonating smack, and i reflexively curled up into a fetal position, clutched at my splayed knees and screaming through my gag from the pain. 

As the pain slowly began to ebb, i reached for my digital camera for the final phase of my punishment. i took picture of my battered cunt. Then, unlocking the spreader bar, i hobbled to the computer to download the photos and send them to Master. 

Just to make sure i did everything right, i took a cold shower, no hot water at all, and remained under the multiple jets for a full ten minutes. Refusing myself the luxury of a towel, i curled up on the tiled floor and tried to go to sleep. i don&#8217;t know how long it took for sleep to come, but once it did, i only woke when the maid came in using her pass key. Saturday is cleaning day. Seeing me naked and bruised, lying on the bathroom floor wasn&#8217;t new or even strange for her. Sir Campbell pays her generously to overlook our lifestyle, and she accepts and tolerates everything that goes on in His home.

my groin ached as i stood under the caressing cascades of the hot water in the shower. The water was as hot as i could physically withstand, turning my skin a bright pink. i got dressed, in a front button blouse, short skirt, and leather sandals, no underwear, and no need for make-up, the salon would just have to remove it all anyway. A quick glance at the clock told me i was running a little behind, so i grabbed a naval orange and a banana and ran outside to hail a cab. Luck was with me, as i caught the first one coming down the block.

i called Stacy from my cell phone and said, �Hey Stace, it&#8217;s me. i&#8217;m about three blocks south on Park. Should be there in about five minutes. i&#8217;ll pick you up in front of your building.�

�Okay, sara,� she answered. �I&#8217;ll meet you outside�


True to her word, Stacy was stranding on the curb as the cab rolled up. She hopped in, and off we went to the salon.

�You&#8217;re not going to tell me anything about what you have in store for me today, are you?� she asked, probing.

�Nope. i told you i wouldn&#8217;t. You&#8217;re just going to have to trust me and go with what happens. But, i can promise you that it will be memorable, and i&#8217;m hoping it will go a long way towards building up your self confidence and self esteem.�

We reached the salon with about five minutes to spare. Brandy, the receptionist, already had a waiting area that was standing room only. As she was ushering Stacy and me right in, i overheard a silver haired matronly looking dowager mutter, �I wonder who these two slut&#8217;s know.�

Taking a step back, i leaned over so i could whisper privately in her ear, �You have absolutely no Goddamn idea, you dried up cunt. So give it a fucking rest!�

She huffed, but thought twice about engaging me with a response. 

i took Stacy back to the private area and drew the curtain. There were two salon chairs set up for us. A big change from my last visit was the addition of a floor to ceiling mirror on the wall facing the chairs. This would allow the occupants to see themselves as they were being worked on. 

Fresh paper had been pulled over the black vinyl chairs. Heather walked by, and parting the curtain, said, �Why don&#8217;t you two ladies get ready. Brandy and I will be with you in a few minutes.�

�Okay, Heather,� i answered as the curtain was pulled closed again. 

�Here we go, Stacy. Are you ready to let go of your insecurities and trust me?�

�Y.....yes. I guess so, sara.�

�Good. Now take off all your clothes, hang them on those wall hooks and pick a chair.� Stacy looked at me like i had asked her to jump off the top of a building or something equally ludicrous. She didn&#8217;t follow my lead as i quickly got naked and sat back in one of the chairs. The view of my battered pussy was crystal clear in the new mirror. No question what took place there last night. No hiding that. Stacy saw the swollen labia covered in deep red and purple bruises, but said nothing. Slowly, she pulled her over-sized sweat shirt over her head, revealing a massive five hook support bra. Then she tentatively pulled down her matching sweat pants, which revealed white cotton briefs. She hesitated a few seconds before reaching behind her back to undo the five hooks and free her huge breasts, which hung down on her stomach. Lastly, she hooked her fingers in the thick elastic waistband of her panties and slid them over her generous hips and down her thighs. She kicked off her sneakers and she was naked. 


Stacy sat in the other chair and crossed her legs so her cunt was hidden from her view in the mirror, although with her dense and fertile mat of dark brown pubic hair, it wasn&#8217;t completely out of sight. The forest came up almost to her naval, and spread out from her triangle down the inside of her thighs. Her breasts hung on either side of her chest.

Just then, Heather pulled back the curtain and came in with Brandy and four Asian girls all wearing face masks. Without a direction, the Asians went to work on us, one on my fingers and one on my toes and the other two following suit with Stacy. Heather and Brandy tilted our chairs back and began shampooing out hair.

They finished our hair cuts just as the Asian women finished a second coat of polish on out fingers and toes. Make up would be saved for last, and then we&#8217;d be through.

�Uh, Heather,� Brandy said, staring at Stacy&#8217;s hairy box. �What about this?�

Heather looked, and said, �Yuck! This is the 21st Century. That looks positively medieval!�

Then she looked at Stacy, who was blushing in embarrassment, and said, �Stacy, you&#8217;ve got to let us clean you up down there. It&#8217;s much prettier, it&#8217;s easier to keep clean, less odor, and the men find it a real turn-on. Makes them feel like their doing an eleven year old!�

Stacy was looking to me for support, so ii said, �Let her do it, Stace. To tell you the truth, i really don&#8217;t remember not being clean down there it&#8217;s been so long. i think I started shaving in high school. It&#8217;ll make you much more aware of your femininity and it is a great source of pride. It makes the statement that you are female, and here is the proof. Nothing to hide. Everything open and displayed.�

�Will it hurt,� she asked softly?

�No,� Brandy responded. �I&#8217;ll just shave you today. Let you get used to the look. If you like, we can discuss waxing or other longer lasting or permanent methods, like electrolysis, or laser.

�What do you say?�

Stacy thought for a minute, her legs still closed tightly together. Then a sly smile crept across her face as she said, �What the hell! In for a dollar, in for a pound. Make me bald!� She was beaming now, and excited.

�Good choice,� Heather concurred. �You won&#8217;t be disappointed.�

�Then toi Brandy, Heather said, �Brandy, you prep her, and I&#8217;ll shave her.�

Brandy nodded and went to get her scissors. Heather leaned in to Stacy and said, � I do a lot more of these than Brandy does, and I want you first time to go smoothly, no pun intended.


�Great, Heather. Thank you,� Stacy said

What Heather didn&#8217;t tell her was the real reason she was going to do the razor work. What with all the rolls of fat the procedure would be a bit tricky. Not just from the standpoint of removing all the hair, but also the very real concern that there be nicks or cuts in the process. 

When Heather was finished, she made Stacy spread apart her legs so she could see herself in the mirror.

�Oh my God,� she exclaimed. �I looked like this in grade school!�

�Look how beautiful your slit is, Stacy,� i said to her, stooping between her legs to get a closer look. �Your inner lips are clearly viable now. They look like the delicate petals of a flower. Very feminine. Wait till they make them up!�

Stacy missed my last sentence, so rapt at looking at herself. �I like it,� she agreed. �I really like it a lot!�

Everyone present was pleased on the effect it was having on her. 

The final touches were applied artistically in the form of our make-up. Heather did mine, and Brandy used her skills on Stacy. They both began with an application of a dark reddish brown base to our areolas. mine are easy to do, being that they are hardly any larger in diameter than nickels. Stacy, however, has huge pancake shaped areolas, with concave nipples, so Brandy was meticulous and patient in her filling the area in with color. Next, while that dried, they did out inner labia. Bright cherry red for us both. The inner lips usually appear shy, as they hide, protected by the thicker outer lips. But with the application of the red. they stand out in stark contrast against the pale white skin that surrounds them.

Our eyes came next. Eye liner and shadow, mascara, eyebrow pencil, all applied heavily, like a high priced call girl. Lip stick and rouge finished off our faces. The same cherry red as below. �Very important that all the lips are the same color,� Brandy chided us. 

A second application of color on our areolas and our bodies were done. We both stood while we received a spray of a very unique and special perfume. They have it made just for the salon, and they will not tell what it is, where it comes from, or even sell it to you. You have to go for a full body works like we got, or you can&#8217;t have it.

Underarms, the crook of the elbows, inside of the wrists, the small of the back, between the breasts, between the butt cheeks, all of these areas were given liberal sprays. And then, after the perfume had dried, not just a second spray, but a third spray as well as applied. 

i tipped Heather and Brandy generously and then we got dressed. Heather, Brandy and i all forbade Stacy to wear her panties. �Free and aware,� we chanted. At the cashier, Stacy went for her wallet, but i stopped her, saying, �Oh no, Stace. Today is my treat.�

�That&#8217;s not fair, sara,� she protested sincerely. �You shouldn&#8217;t have to do this.�

�i don&#8217;t have to do this, Stacy. i want to do this. You&#8217;re my friend, and today is going to be a day you will never forget. i want it all to be a present form me.

�Now.....are you ready for the next step?�

�Sure, Sara. Whatever you say, I&#8217;m game.�

�Great. Now remember. You have to trust me, and do everything i tell you to, okay?�

�Okay,� she answered, a touch of apprehension seeping into her tone.

We got lucky and hailed the fourth cab that passed. i gave the driver the address of Dermis. He showed no sign of recognition, so i assumed that he had no idea about our destination. 

�So are you going to give me even a tiny hint or clue as to where we&#8217;re going?� Stacy queried, facing away from me, looking out the side window. 

�Not a chance,� i answered her, rubbing her thigh gently. �You&#8217;re going to just have to trust me like i told you before. i will tell you, though,&nbsp; that the food is very good, and that the atmosphere is unlike anything you have ever experienced before.� i left my hand on the top of her thigh, feeling her warmth radiate through the cotton sweat pant leg. 

�Have you gone there much?� turning to face me.

�Sir Campbell and i went more often before He collared me, but over all,.........i would have to say i&#8217;ve been there eight or nine times. This is the first time i&#8217;ve gone there without him, though. Feels sort of strange.�

Stacy put her hand on top of mine, but didn&#8217;t make any attempt to remove it. i let my hand slide a bit higher up her leg, but she seemed to pay it no mind.

The cab stopped under an awning the spanned from the building to the curb. The doorman opened the cab door for us and held it until we got out. i handed him Sir Campbell&#8217;s membership card and he swiped it through the scanner. 

�Ah, Sir Campbell,� he said. �Please allow me to escort you ladies up myself.�

He opened the door to the building and showed us through the marble foyer, with the beautiful ornate mirrors and fresh flowers. As we walked to the elevator, Stacy took in the decorations. 


None of us spoke in the elevator, but when it stopped, and the door opened, the doorman said, �This way, if you please, ladies,� and he showed us down the long corridor, with doors along one side only. Choosing one, he opened it with his passkey. �Here you are,� he said, and i slid a twenty dollar bill into his hand discreetly. 

�Thank you,� i said.

He squeezed my hand as he took the twenty, and said �Have a lovely afternoon.�

�i know we will,� i commented. 

When he had shut the door, i watched Stacy as she looked around the room, taking in the three stuffed chairs, and the clothes rack with hooks and hangers dangling from it. 

i sat down on one of the chairs and took off my shoes. Stacy watched me, obviously totally confused. Then i stood up and began to take off my blouse, unbuttoning it slowly, exposing my chest. 

�You have to undress as well, Stace. No one in Dermis wears clothes. Everyone is naked!�

Her eyes widened and looked like saucers as she stammered, �Wh......what?�

i stepped out of my skirt, and was now naked. �Everyone in Dermis is naked. It&#8217;s a rule. Now take off your clothes, i want to go in.�

She couldn&#8217;t possibly have given me a more strange look if i&#8217;d grown a second head or something. �I can&#8217;t do that!� she said emphatically, sitting down and crossing her legs. �I mean, look at me! I&#8217;m not like you. I haven&#8217;t let anybody see me naked except for my husband, my doctor, and you!�

�So what,� i challenged her. �There&#8217;s a first time for everything, and besides, you let Heather and Brandy see you naked. Look how dolled up you are now! Make up, hair cut and shampoo, and even getting your pussy all bald too!

�Besides, you said you&#8217;d trust me, didn&#8217;t you? You must know me well enough by now to know i would never embarrass you, or put you in a dangerous situation, or even get you into something you couldn&#8217;t handle. You&#8217;re going to love this place, i promise you! Now, let me see that body of yours. Right Now!�

i sat still in my chair, and watched as Stacy reluctantly stripped. When she was naked, you could tell she didn&#8217;t know quite what to do with her hands. Her flopping breasts would require much more than just two hands to provide cover, and her red made up labia were dangling down from her bald and exposed slit.

�Now, here&#8217;s the rules,� i instructed her, standing up from the chair and taking both her hands in mine for reassurance. �As i said, everyone is naked. You are allowed to stare, as much as you want. Look at anyone you want. You may talk with anyone you want, and you may ask them any question you might have. You also are allowed to request that they do anything you want.�

�Anything?�

�Yes. Literally anything.

�Now, they all in turn can talk with you, and they can ask you any questions, and ask you to do anything they want.� Stacy was overcome with fear now. �You do not, however, have to do anything you don&#8217;t want. You can refuse to talk with anyone. You can choose to answer any question you wish, or you may ignore any question you wish. You can do what someone asks you, or you can refuse to participate. That&#8217;s completely up to you. You have complete control over what you do in Dermis. Understand?�

�Y.....yes. I.......I think so. And can ask anyone to do anything..........and ...and they can ask me too. But......if I don&#8217;t want to do something, I do not have to?�

�That&#8217;s it. Of course, anyone can deny what you ask as well. They can refuse to answer your questions, or even talk with you. 

�You do need to know something. There are a few people, like myself, who are not allowed to ask anyone anything. And there are even fewer people, like myself again, who are not allowed to dent anyone anything.�

�Y....you mean......you mean you have to do whatever anyone tells you to do?�

�Yes.�

Stacy fell silent, and i was certain she was going to renege, get dressed and beat a trail for the exit. �O......okay, sara. I said I&#8217;d go along with you, and I meant it. Let&#8217;s go, before I change my mind.�

i gave her a tight hug for reassurance, and kissed her on the lips. �Let&#8217;s go!�

I took her by the hand and lead her out the door that leads to a hallway made entirely of mirrors. Floor, walls and ceiling. All mirrors. Nowhere to get away from the fact that you are naked, and with the entire area mirrored, it makes two people look like a whole army of naked bodies!. Stacy&#8217;s head turned left, right, up down, watching our images as I took her down the corridor. She didn&#8217;t speak.

When we reached the end of the hall, we came to a closed door. I knocked on it and we were greeted by an extremely thin, probably anorexic, black woman. �Please come in,� she bade us, smiling pleasantly. Would you prefer the lounge or a table?�

�The lounge, please,� i told her.

�Right this way,� she pointed to her right. �Through those doors.


We walked into the lounge just as a probably very intense whipping had taken place. About eight or nine people were gathered around a slave whose body bore the welts of a harsh strapping. A few women were seated on the mirrored floor. When i looked at the slave&#8217;s face, i called out, �slut!�

she looked in my direction, and responded, �Hi, sara, how are you?�

�Fine thanks,� i said as we hugged each other, our breast rods clanking together metallically. �This is my good friend Stacy, slut.�

�Pleased to meet you, Stacy,� slut offered her hand.

Stacy shook it tentatively, not able to draw her eyes from the outrageous combination of slut&#8217;s steel, her scars, and the signs that said she had just recently endured a beating. �H.......hi............�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
�my name is slut, Stacy. It&#8217;s okay. You can say it, or not. It really doesn&#8217;t bother me either way.�

�slut&#8217;s Mistress took her away her original name and bestowed the name &#8216;slut&#8217; upon her when She took Ownership of her,� i offered by way of explaining.

�Stacy is my closest friend from the vanilla side,� i said to slut.

she just nodded and said, �This is Keri, i don&#8217;t know if you&#8217;ve met her before. She is Elaine&#8217;s niece. Remember Her?�

�Yes, I certainly do,� i replied, memories associated with the name flashing through my mind. 

�And these are my guests. Chelsea, and her hand maiden, Hanna. Mistress Ilsa wanted to have me size them up for Her, so i invited them here to see what they&#8217;re like.�

Pleasantries exchanged, a man approached us and asked, �May I examine those interesting bars you both wear?�

�But of course,� slut replied for the two of us, turning to face him. i did the same as he lifted one of slut&#8217;s brackets that hangs beneath her breast, Then he bent over to see how the rod runs right through her breast, very deep, near the rib cage. He proceeded to inspect mine in the same fashion. 

�Even with your itty bitties,� he said to me, �the rod still is buried deeply.�

�Yes,� i agreed with him. �It was set as deep as possible.�

�Toni, please come over here and see this,� he said, turning away from us. 


A woman came over and joined us. She was middle aged, in pretty good shape, although her body was starting to sag. She had certainly carried and borne a number of children, judging by the stretch marks, the scars from a section or two, and her drooping breasts, which bore signs of having filled with milk to be suckled and to nurtured. She looked at my bars first, and then she looked at slut&#8217;s, not saying a word. After a few minutes, she looked me in the eye and said, �I like them in you, but with my loose tits I think they would look ludicrous. I do like these, though, a lot,� she said, as she fondled the rings buried just behind my areolas. �These would look nice in me I think.�

The man, probably her husband, but they never said one way or the other, agreed readily with her, saying, I think so too, Toni. I love your titties, but rings like these would make them really hot!� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

�Let&#8217;s look into them, shall we?� she asked.

Turning back to me, she said, �Thank you,� and she kissed me on the cheek as she gave one of my rings a quick jerk.

We all sat at the bar, sipping water, when all of a sudden, Keri spoke up, saying, � slut and sara are not allowed to ask anyone anything. And they can&#8217;t just do something, so would anyone of you like to do something with them, or ask them to do something?�

�I would,� Chelsea jumped in, getting off her stool. �I&#8217;d like to have sara whip my pussy with a belt!�

�What,� i exclaimed, startled by her request.

�You heard me,� she repeated, impatience oozing from each word. �I want you to whip my pussy with a belt.�

�As you wish,� i answered her cooly, quite perturbed by her insolent and impetuous tone. �i will give your little pussy a whipping you will long remember!�

The woman behind the bar handed me the same belt that hand been used on slut just before we arrived. �Get up on that table and open your legs for me,� i ordered her.

Chelsea sat on the edge of the clear topped table and then laid back, while bending her knees and bringing her feet up under her ass so she could take hold of her ankles. Then, with the dexterity of a gymnast, she splayed open her legs by placing her knees on the table top. Her cute little slit was gaping wide, exposing the inner lips as well as the canal to her womanhood.

�I want to make her wet, sara,� Keri suggested.

�Of course, Keri,� i said.


Keri knelt at the edge of the table and stuck her face in Chelsea&#8217;s open pussy. Furiously she attacked the soft folds, licking, sucking, and nibbling at the sensitive bud and exploring the pungent hole with her tongue.

Chelsea was moaning and right on the brink of release, when Keri suddenly stopped, and said, �Now she&#8217;s ready, sara. Beat her!� Keri licked her lips, tasting Chelsea&#8217;s sweetness once more before retaking her seat to watch. 

i had absolutely no intention of allowing this seemingly precocious girl the slightest degree of mercy. Doubling over the heavy belt, i held it up so she could see what she had asked for before eyeballing my target. Without hesitancy, i brought the belt down squarely across the tender lips, hard. She yelped, started to close her legs, and then got control and fought the instinctive urge to protect herself. �Thank you,� she said softly. 

i struck her again, saying nothing. Again she kept the impulse to close her legs and protect her sex at bay, and again she thanked me. i hit her ten times in total. She was crying, streams of tears cascading down the sides of her young face, but her legs remained splayed, offering herself to the lash. And with each stroke, she thanked me. 

Just as i was about to whip her again, Keri jumped in, saying, �Wait. I want to see how warm her skin is,� and without waiting for a go ahead, she put her face back into Chelsea&#8217;s pussy, licking and stimulating her once more.

�Want to cum, Chelsea,� Keri asked, lifting her head slightly?

�Yes, please,� Chelsea whimpered.

�Then I want you to beg sara for ten more lashes. Take ten more from her and I&#8217;ll bring you off.�

�Please sara,� Chelsea began sincerely, �Please whip my pussy ten more times. But, but please, I beg you, please do it harder.�

i couldn&#8217;t believe what i was hearing. Every one of my lashes had landed firm and hard, none were soft balls, and this girl wanted more. Everyone in the lounge was gathered around us, watching eagerly.

�i would be happy to, Chelsea,� I ridiculed her.

Taking careful aim, i brought the belt down as hard as i was able. The jolt of fire that sliced into Chelsea made her jump on the table, and her hands let got of her ankles as she closed her legs together tightly. 

Realizing her error, she quickly said, �Please forgive me, my insolence,� and she grabbed her ankles again, and splayed herself. �Please sara,� she said, before i struck her again, �Please give me three extra strokes for having closed my legs to you.�


�As you wish,� isaid coldly, although i was gaining tremendous respect for the teen rapidly.

i reigned down five strokes in rapid fire succession. All hard. Chelsea was screaming uncontrollably now. Her battered crotch was crimson and swollen. The next lash landed high, right below her naval. �Sorry, i said.

�No need to be,� Chelsea said through her tears. �Whip me wherever you please.�

Accepting the invitation, i gave her three fast lashes to her left breast, and then paid equal homage to the right one, leaving one more stroke.

Just as i was taking aim, preparing to strike, Chelsea said, �Please sara, use the buckle.� 

�What?� i asked, incredulous. �Are you sure?�

�Y....yes. I.............I am sure.

�And Hanna,� Chelsea continued, would you and slut please hold my knees down to the table? I don&#8217;t think I will be able to keep them apart when sara hits me.�

�O........kay, Chelsea,� Hanna responded, her face completely ashen. 

Hanna and slut each took one of Chelsea&#8217;s knees and leaned over on it, pinning her to the table, like a butterfly is pinned in a collection. Word of what was happening must have carried into the larger room, because several more people had come in to see what was about to happen. No one spoke, it was total silence.

i looked at Stacy before whipping Chelsea, and, much to y amazement, she was mesmerized. Glued to the scene that had enfolded, watching it all intently.

i wrapped the end of the belt around my hand a few times, getting a solid grip, and then i placed the buckle on top of Chelsea&#8217;s already battered mound, letting her feel the cold hard metal. Giving a slight pull on the belt, i let the buckle slide forward across her mound and then drop down on her gaping pussy and land with a &#8216;clank&#8217; on the plastic table top. 

Taking careful aim, as i had but one stroke remaining, i raised the belt over my head, and brought it down with as much force as i could muster. 

Chelsea exploded in screams, her head thrashing wildly, her body jerking with such strength that she knocked Hanna to the floor. slut, for her part, was able to hang on to her knee, but Chelsea had wrapped herself into a ball, curled up on her side against the remaining pinned knee. slut&#8217;s hand slowly slid up between her legs. 


She screamed like a banshee for a good minute or two, before she gathered herself up enough to say, �Th........tha.....ank you sss......sara, th.......thank yy.........you.......... for ......whi........whipping mm........my pussy.�

Where before i was irked by her insolent attitude, and her presumptive precocious airs, now i had nothing but the greatest respect for what she had endured. i stepped around the table and hugged her, my face against hers, as Keri pushed her face into the bruised and bleeding pussy, and gently licked and sucked Chelsea to an orgasm. 

As ii broke off our embrace, Hanna and Keri helped Chelsea get up off the table and onto her feet. Her movements were slow and labored as she tried to favor her battered and bruised crotch. Stacy stood just behind me watching. She tapped me on the shoulder lightly. Turning towards her, she said, �M.....may I touch your nipple rings, sara?�

�Of course you may, Stacy.�

Every so gently she touched the rings that are placed right behind my areolas. She lifted them, and tugged on them slightly. �I........�

She didn&#8217;t finish her sentence. �What, Stacy,� i prompted her. �Remember, you can ask anything here.�

�Yes. I remember. I......I ....was just going to s.....say that.........I really..............I really like these.�

�i do too,� i said. �Most people who have piercings in their chest have bars or hoops through their nipples. i like these better for a lot of reasons.

�First of all, they make my breasts seem to stick out more prominently. More pointed. They are also stronger, since they were placed more deeply than usual in my breasts, so they will allow heavier weights to be attached without the worry of them ever tearing out.�

�Did they hurt,� she asked, pulling on both of them more confidently now.

�i&#8217;d be lying if i tried to tell you otherwise, Stacy. But it&#8217;s not bad, and the pain goes away pretty quickly after the needle goes through.�

�What do you think about m......me getting them?�

�i think they&#8217;d look great,� i told her enthusiastically. �You&#8217;ve got such big areolas that the rings would have to be larger in diameter and be pierced even deeper than mine. It would give your breasts more definition, as the tips would be more pointed.

�What about my husband? What do you think he&#8217;d say?�


�Well,� i thought for a moment. �my first reaction is that since you&#8217;re not owned by someone, it doesn&#8217;t matter what he thinks. Your body is your&#8217;s and your&#8217;s alone. You haven&#8217;t given it to someone, as i have. So, it&#8217;s up to you really. Also, i haven&#8217;t ever met a man who wasn&#8217;t fascinated and turned on by piercings there. So, unless he&#8217;s some kind of prude, i would think he would love it!

�Just a word to the wise, though, if you&#8217;re really considering it.�

�What&#8217;s that?�

�He might love it so much having you pierced, that he asks you to get more. Like in your labia, or even through your clit hood.�

�Wow, do you really think so?�

�It&#8217;s a possibility.�

�Could you help me get it done? You know......take me where you had it done maybe?�

�Sure, Stacy. i&#8217;d be happy to.�

�Today,� she added shyly?

�If you&#8217;d like. After we leave we could go there. Sure.�

She gave me a big kiss on my mouth and hugged me tightly to her, her pillow like breasts crushing my tiny tits.

�sara,� she broke her embrace.

�Yes?�

�Would you kiss me?�

�Of course, we just did!�

�No........ I mean...........would you kiss me...........down there?� She pointed at her pussy, embarrassed. 

�Yes........if it&#8217;s what you want.�

�I do, sara, I do, but.........�

�But what Stace?�

She leaned in to me and whispered in my ear so no one else heard, �I want to kiss Hanna down there too.�


�So ask her, Stacy. Remember what i told you? You can ask anyone here anything, okay?�

�Okay.�

She looked at Hanna, and then looked back at me for some reassurance.

�Go ahead, Stacy, ask her.�

�Hanna.........would.......would you let me k......kiss you, d.........down there?�

Hanna looked first to Chelsea, and i saw a slight but discernable nod from her, and Hanna looked back at Stacy and replied, �Yes, you may.�

i had Stacy lie down on her back on the floor, with her knees apart and bent. Then i had Hanna straddle Stacy&#8217;s head, with one knee of either side of her face. i got down on my knees and elbows, and with my fingers, i parted her lips and began to pleasure her, while she did the same to Hanna.

i proceeded very slowly at first, pretty confident that this was more than likely the first time Stacy had been pleasured by another woman. i used my tongue alone, no teeth, lightly swirling it around her engorged bud, occasionally allowing my tongue to probe deep inside her, past the inner lips. 

Hanna was enjoying her tonguing, judging by the purring and cooing. i gradually stepped up my efforts, increasing the level of intensity for her. Chelsea stepped over at said, �Stacy, I would you like to have Hanna slap your tits. Would you like that?�

�Yes......please,� she said, her voice muffled by Hanna&#8217;s legs and crotch.

Hanna began to rhythmically slap the breasts. i could hear the sounds of her hands striking the drooping milk sacks, and my mind imagined the sight of them flopping around with each slap. 
Stacy was moaning, in that state ii know so well, in the nether land region, suspended between pain and pleasure, both stimuli contradicting each other, and complimenting each other at the same time. Her hips were rocking back and forth, making it a bit harder for me to remain gentle with her, so i decided to become a little more aggressive, biting lightly on her thick clit until she exploded in release, sweet elixir flowing from her womanhood, which i off course lapped up and drank. 

Sated, we all sat there on the floor, while the euphoria subsided. We were interrupted from our dream state by the ringing of telephone behind the bar. The bartender answered it, and reaching over the bar, she said, �It&#8217;s for you, slut.�

�Thank you,� slut answered, ever polite.

�Yes?� she asked and then fell silent for a moment before replying, �As You wish, Mistress.�

Handing over the phone towards Chelsea, she said, �Mistress Ilsa would like to speak with you, Chelsea.�

Chelsea took it, and said, �Yes, Mistress Ilsa?�

We couldn&#8217;t hear Ilsa&#8217;s half of the conversation, but i was able to get the gist of it, and Sir Campbell told me the rest a while later. In essence, it seems that Mistress Ilsa had been watching everything that had happened on hidden cameras, and She was impressed enough with Chelsea and Hanna to invite them to the ceremony She had planned. They were all to be participants, not guests, and all of their fellow Sisters from their cult were to be there as well. 

Ilsa did expound on what was expected from them all, explaining what She wanted. She told them no permanent harm would be involved, and that they would have to trust Her.

Chelsea enthusiastically agreed to all of Ilsa&#8217;s stipulations. 







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



























































SARA

By: Charles E. Campbell


CHAPTER 9



This installment represents the second chapter in which I have intentionally brought the characters in four of my stories together, those being: SARA: SOME CALL IT PLAY: CHELSEA&#8217;S F. N. P. C.: and NICOLE: JOURNEY OF A SLAVE.


True to my word, after Stacy and i left Dermis, i brought her over to the office of the Doctor who placed the steel in my body. During the cab ride to His office, i had used my cell phone to call ahead and found that He wasn&#8217;t particularly busy and would be able to fit Stacy in for some piercings in her breasts. 

�So, uh Stacy,� i queried, �What did you think of this afternoon?� 

�I was wondering if you were going to want to talk about it,� she said softly, not wanting the driver&#8217;s prying ears to be privy to her answers. �Honestly, I can&#8217;t even begin to sort out my thoughts. 

�At first, when we got there and had to all be naked, I was all but ready to just walk out and leave you there! Being naked alone isn&#8217;t something I relish, so doing it with others would seem totally out of the question. But then, when we went into the club, and I saw that everyone was naked,� she paused, reliving the moment, � naked...........and not everyone is even close to having a body as amazing as yours, so,..........well, I..........I&nbsp; actually felt pretty comfortable nude. In fact, after about fifteen minutes, I almost forgot that I was nude!�

i said nothing, my focus was on listening to her.

�Then, watching two people being whipped..........�

She stopped speaking, looking straight forward through the windshield. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

�What about the whippings, Stacy?�

She turned her head to look at me, there were tears in her eyes, as she revealed, �I liked it,� she whispered, feeling guilty somehow. �I liked watching it. It was.....it was like nothing I had ever seen before. And Chelsea...............I mean, slut has to do that. I mean, she&#8217;s a slave, right? So she must do as she&#8217;s told.�

�Yes, that&#8217;s correct, Stacy. Just like i am.� &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

She continued as if ii hadn&#8217;t said anything. �But Chelsea asked for it. She actually asked to be whipped. And then, asking to be hit with that buckle....................

�I, ...... I just never thought things like that happened.�

�But you enjoyed it,� I prompted her, trying to keep her talking?

�Yes,� she confessed, her head down, a tear spilling down her right cheek.

�That&#8217;s okay, Stacy,� i tried to reassure her. �A lot of people get turned on by pain. Some by giving it, and others by receiving it. It&#8217;s no where near as strange as you might think.�

She looked back at me again. Her eyes looked at the driver&#8217;s rearview mirror to see where his attentions were, then she asked, �I guess you&#8217;ve been whipped, haven&#8217;t you? I mean, I seen marks on your body like the one&#8217;s slut has.�

�Yes, Stacy, I have been whipped. Many time actually.�

�And are you one of those people who gets turned on by the pain?�

�i&#8217;d be lying if i said otherwise, Stacy. But........but for me it&#8217;s more than that. Much, much more.�

She was looking at me for answers to her own questions about her reactions to what she had just witnessed. i knew the feelings she was having about the whippings were confusing her deeply. What i said to her, as much as how i said it, would have a great deal to do with how she came to grips with her emotions. i wanted to make sure i was clear, and thus give her the tools to search out her own answers.

�It&#8217;s true,� i began, �That i get off on the pain. i can&#8217;t and won&#8217;t deny that. When the level gets high enough, the endorphins start kicking in, and i start to travel into a sort of dream world of floating mixed with pain and pleasure. 

�i also revel in the ceding of my body to my Master. Giving Him absolute power over me releases me from making any decisions about the levels of pain, the length of the torture session. i focus my entire being on trying to accept that which He wishes to give me, knowing, trusting in Him to take me where i need to go, whether it is through pain, or humiliation, or His pleasure, or mine. 


�Watching slut being whipped, and watching Chelsea being whipped turned me on, Stacy. i was wet. It wouldn&#8217;t have taken more then a little pinch on my clit and i would have cum. But, at the same time, i was&nbsp; jealous of them, because,� i paused, as the reality of what i was saying to Stacy reassured me, �Because, i wished it was me being whipped. i wanted the deliverance of the whip to take me to that place where Chelsea was. i envied her as she took those strokes, and wanted them to be mine. i wanted those marks on her body to cover mine.�

Stacy was quiet for a few minutes. The cab was pulling up to the curb in front of Dr. Peter&#8217;s building. She took my hand in hers, looked me in the face and asked, �Would you whip me sometime, Chelsea?�

i couldn&#8217;t have been more stunned than i was at hearing that from her. �Y.....yes. Of course, Stacy. If you want me to, i would be happy to.�

We didn&#8217;t speak about it anymore. I paid the cab driver and Stacy followed me to the banks of elevators and the ride up to Dr. Peters suite. 

There was a new receptionist, much younger than the one I knew from before. Not particularly attractive, but no where near as dour as her predecessor had been.

&gt;How may I help you,� she asked, looking up from her computer monitor?

�my name is sara,� i began, �And this is my friend, Stacy. i called a few minutes ago as was told Dr. Peters could see us.�

�Yes, of course,� she said, typing on the computer. �Please have a seat and I&#8217;ll tell Dr. Peters that you&#8217;re here.�

�Thank you,� Stacy said 

We had barely sat down when the woman called us into one of the rooms in the back.

�Please get undressed,� she said to Stacy, then she looked at me with a knowing smile, and added, �And you should undress as well, slave.�

�Yes Ma&#8217;am,� i said, startled by her overt knowledge of my condition.

Stacy got undressed much quicker this time and sat on the exam table, crinkling the paper nosily as she sat. i stood next to her as we waited. She took my hand in her&#8217;s., squeezing it slightly.

When Dr. Peters came into the room, he immediately reached for one of my breast bars and pulled me over to him. �These really turned out well, sara,� he said to me, looking at my breast straining from the bar being pulled.

He kissed me hard on my mouth, his tongue forcing it&#8217;s way deep inside. 

�And what, pray tell, brings you here so late on a Saturday, sara,� his receptionist asked from behind me. i was completely unaware that she had even entered the room at all.


It was a few moments before he broke off the kiss and allowed me to answer her, �my friend Stacy is interested in some steel in her breasts, Ma&#8217;am.�

�My name is Jane,� she informed me, �But you will refer to me as Lady Jane.�

�Yes, Lady Jane. As You wish,� i replied.

She turned to Stacy and asked, �What did you have in mind, Miss?�

Stacy was clearly nervous, and couldn&#8217;t begin to even form the words to a response. Looking to me for help, Stacy said, �I want some rings.�

Lady Jane looked at her quizzically, so i interjected, �She&#8217;s interested in having rings place behind her areolas, to make the points of her breasts point out.�

Dr. Peters asked Stacy, �May I,� as he reached for her huge breasts?�

�Yes,� she said, keeping her head lowered.

He picked up both breasts at the same time, one in each hand, feeling their heft as well as their firmness. He manipulated the nipples, watching to judge the reaction to the stimulation as well as the changes as they grew harder.

Gently letting them fall on Stacy&#8217;s chest, he reached into the pocket of his white coat and produced a ruler. Placing the ruler across the areola of her right breast first, he measured the diameter of the darker skin. �Ninety-seven centimeters,� he announced.

He measured the left one as well, calling out �Ninety-four for this one.�

He repeated the measurements, and received the same results.

�I would recommend either rings, fairly thick ones because they&#8217;ll be large, or bars and brackets. Like what sara has deep in her breasts, only smaller.

�With your large breasts, the weight of the brackets wouldn&#8217;t be really noticeable, so it&#8217;s more a question of aesthetics and personal preference. 

�Jane, would you please be so kind as to get a set of rings and a set of bars and brackets in Stacy&#8217;s size so she can see them?�

�Certainly, Doctor,� she said. Turning her back to us, she left the room.

Dr Peters started playing with my breasts the instant the door closed, his right hand sliding softly down my belly and his finger searching out my wet slit. �On your knees, slave,�&nbsp; he commanded.


i knelt before him. i knew what he wanted, what he expected. Stacy watched quietly as i unzipped his slacks and took out his already stiff cock. Folding my hands behind my back, i sucked him into my mouth, deeply. He grabbed two fistfuls of hair and began driving into my face, hitting the back of my throat with each thrust. In under a minute, he was grunting and spurting his seed into my mouth. i kept sucking until he was through. 

He was back in his pants and i was standing when Lady Jane returned with the steel. One look at us both, and she knew what had happened. She smiled at me, as she handed the tray with the rings and bars to Dr. Peters. 

�These are the rings,� he said to her, holding one up for her to take. 

Stacy examined the ring, and held it under the nipple of her right breast. �It&#8217;s pretty big,� she remarked.

�Your areolas are larger than average, quite a bit larger, in fact, so small rings won&#8217;t work if you want them set behind your areolas. We can go a lot smaller if you wish them through the nipples only.�

�No,� she said emphatically. �I want them put in like sara had hers.�

�Then you really have a choice of the rings you&#8217;re holding, or these bars and brackets. They&#8217;re like smaller versions of the ones set at the base of sara&#8217;s breasts, see,� he took one from the tray and offered to Stacy for her inspection.

�I think I like the bars and brackets, better,� Stacy said to no one specifically.

�You&#8217;re not locked in, Stacy,� Lady Jane added. �Once the holes heal, you can swap jewelry like you might in your ears.�

�Oh, so I could start with one kind, and later switch?�

�Certainly,� Dr. Peters said, a bit displeased with himself for not making that clear from the outset.

�Well, I think the rings are less S&amp;M looking, so I&#8217;ll go with those, for now anyway, but I&#8217;ll take a set of bars and brackets with me for later, when it heals up.�

�Good choice,� Lady Jane said, writing something down on a form she had with her on a clipboard.

�Can we do it now,� Stacy asked, softly?

�Of course,� Dr. Peters said.


�Jane,� Dr. Peters said, �Please get a piercing kit and prep her for me.�

�Yes, Dr. Peters,� she said. 

�C....can I hold sara&#8217;s hand when you put the needle in me,� she asked, fear taking over.

�Of course,� he said. �You&#8217;ll be fine. It really only hurts for a second or two, and then the pain quickly subsides.�

Lady Jane began prepping Stacy, first with alcohol wipes, then with generous amounts of Betadyne solution. �What gauge needle, Doctor,� she asked, finishing up the prep.

�Number 4 for this one, I think, Jane.�

�Don&#8217;t watch,� i advised Stacy. Just squeeze my hand. It&#8217;ll be over before you know it.

Stacy buried her head in my shoulder, her face against my breast. i felt her hand tighten in mine as Dr. Peters put the clamp on her breast.

�Pull on this for me,� he said to Jane.

i watched as she took the clamp and pulled Stacy&#8217;s breast, stretching it slightly, but not distorting it.

He took a marker and placed small dots on either side of her areola, indicating where he wanted the needle to enter and exit.

�Ready, Stacy,� he asked?

�Y....yes,� she half whispered, squeezing my hand as tightly as she could.

Dr. Peters placed the tip of the needle against one of the marks, and said, �Pull it a bit more, please, Jane.�

She pulled, lifting Stacy&#8217;s breast out more. Slowly, Dr. Peters applied pressure to the thick needle. Stacy started to wince as the sharp point broke the skin. 

She didn&#8217;t scream, rather, biting her lip, she cried softly as he slowly pushed the needle through her. He did it slowly, owing to the fact that it was a long distance from one side of her pancake sized areola to the other, and he wanted it to be straight.

i could see the point of the needle pushing against the skin just before it popped out the opposite side.

�All done,� Dr. Peters said. �Jane, please set the ring for me.�

Jane took one of the big rings and unscrewed the ball at one end, before inserting it in the open tip of the needle. She pushed the needle back through the breast with the ring, until the needle came out and the ring was in place. She screwed the ball back on the ring and said, �Take a look, Stacy. What do you think?�

Stacy opened her eyes, and looked down at her breast, without letting go of my hand. �Wow,� she remarked. �It&#8217;s really big!�

�Like I said before, Stacy,� Dr. Peters said, �Your areolas are rather large, so a larger diameter and thicker gauge ring is necessary. Do you like it?�

�Yes,� she smiled, proudly. �I love it!�

�Alright then,� Dr. Peters said. �Let&#8217;s do the other one, shall we?�

Forty-five minutes later, Stacy&#8217;s cab was dropping me off in front of my building. �See you Friday for our work-out,� she said, kissing me on the mouth as i got out.

�Sure thing, Stace,� i answered her, adding, �Can&#8217;t wait to hear what hubby thinks of your rings!�

�I&#8217;ll let you know.�

Sir Campbell demanded a full report of my day&#8217;s activities, and then he punished me soundly for not offering to satisfy Dr. Peters&#8217; new receptionist. After the beating, he had me bend over a footstool placed in front of a full length mirror, use my hands to spread my cheeks and offer my rear passage to Him. He made me watch my face as he fucked my ass long and hard, spilling His seed deep inside me. Of course he had me clean Him with my mouth before sending me to the bathroom to sleep naked on the tile floor.

The following Friday, Stacy came over for our weekly exercise session. As per Sir Campbell&#8217;s directive, i answered the door already naked, fresh welts adorned my body from the front of my thighs to the tops of my breasts. They aren&#8217;t to be hidden, and are, quite in fact, an enormous source of pride for me, when my Master wishes me to carry His mark for Him.&nbsp; i had decided to push the envelope a bit, and made her strip in the hallway before allowing her to come into Master&#8217;s apartment. She only hesitated a few seconds before obeying me and disrobing. Once she was naked, i allowed her in. 

�So,� i began, �What did your husband think of your jewelry, Stacy?�

�He loved it, sara. And you were right, he wants me to get some rings in my pussy lips soon as well, after these heal some more first.�

�i was pretty sure he&#8217;d love them, Stace. They really look great too. How do they feel?�


�They&#8217;re still sore to the touch, but they seem to be healing just fine. The redness is almost gone see,� she lifted her mammoth right breast for me to inspect. 

Placing my left hand under the floppy flesh, i lifted the ring with my right, looking carefully at the piercing. �Looks really good, Stacy. The redness is alone gone, so it&#8217;s healing the way you want it to.�

We did our exercise routine together. It seemed to me that Stacy was much more into it than she had been in the past.&nbsp; 

Afterwards, we showered together, lathering each other and washing each other all over. 

i invited her to stay for lunch, as i always do, but this time, she agreed, something she had never done before. We ate salad and low-fat yogurt, with unsweetened iced tea, naked. 

As we were finishing up, Stacy said, �sara?�

�Yes?�

�Do.....do you remember l......last week, ........I...........I....I asked you if you w....would w....w.......whip me?�

�Yes. i remember.�

�Would you do it......today?�

i looked at her, and took both her hands in mine, �Are you sure, Stacy?�

�Yes. I.......I&#8217;m sure. It&#8217;s all I&#8217;ve been thinking about all week.�

She looked at my new stripes and said, �I don&#8217;t think I could take anywhere near what you have there,� she pointed to my breasts, �But, I want to feel what it&#8217;s like.�

i never thought she would ask this of me, even though she had only mentioned it a week before. i had thought it would be something from the intensity of the moment, not something she might follow through with. 

i decided to make it as real as possible, without her suffering to my levels.

�Alright then. i&#8217;ll whip you, Stacy. But first, you must agree to two rules that i&#8217;m going to make of you. And you must agree to them without me even telling you what they are.�

She looked at me strangely, not sure what it might be that ii was going to require of her.


�Okay. I agree, I agree to do anything you say, sara.&nbsp; To anything you say,� she said, her head down.

�Kneel down,� I said, with a loud voice!

Startled, she got on her knees.

�Keep you back straight. Knees apart! Fold your hands behind you head, and stick those tits of yours out!�

She did exactly as she was told. i left her like that for over five minutes, letting the thoughts of what was about to happen to her build in her imagination.

�First off, slave,� i said, watching her wince at my use of the word, �Before i whip you, i am going to put a gag in your mouth so i won&#8217;t have to listen to you and you don&#8217;t disturb my concentration.

�You must accept that it is i who decides how long you will be whipped, where you will be whipped, and how hard. You must trust me. You will not be able to ask or even beg me to stop. i will stop when i feel like it, and not before.

�Secondly, i want you to beg me to whip you. Tell me why you deserve to be whipped! Understood?�

She looked up at me with those doe like eyes of hers, and said, �Please sara, please whip me. Whip me like a useless cunt slave. Let me taste your gift of pain. Punish me for being so fat and ugly.�

�As you wish, slave,� i said. Reaching over, i slapped her right breast, then her left one, very hard. The pale white skin turned pink right away.

After strapping a large red rubber ball gag into her mouth, i took a soft leather flogger and dangled it in front of Stacy&#8217;s face. �This is called a flogger,� i said by way of introduction.&nbsp; i let the strands caress&nbsp;&nbsp; the tips of her nipples. �It can be used in various ways,�&nbsp; i continued. Starting with light strokes across her back, �It can have a soft, almost sensuous warming effect on the skin.�&nbsp;&nbsp; i established a slow, steady, rhythmic pulse with the whip. All light strokes, just the weight of the leather bringing the flogger down, nothing from my arm. 

i paused and felt her skin. It was starting to get a little warmer, so i began striking her again, with the same intensity as before, only now with occasional hard strokes interspersed with the light ones. She yelped behind her gag when a hard stroke landed, but she seemed to be enjoying the lighter strokes, even moaning softly. i increased the frequency of the harsher strokes, watching her back as darker pink lines began to emerge. She opened her eyes as the pain got stronger, searching me out, pleading with her eyes to stop. 


Another thirty strokes and i stopped. She was breathing heavily behind her gag, and spittle was leaking from around the red rubber ball. It had run down her chin and was dripping onto her heaving breasts. i waited patiently as her breathing calmed, then ii bent over behind her head and whispered in her ear, �i&#8217;m going to whip your pussy. Would you like for me to do that Stacy?�

She nodded enthusiastically, her eyes wide as they starred into mine. i pinched her nipples and massaged her tits and let my hands play across the broad expanse of her belly. my right hand slid between her parted legs, �Let&#8217;s see how much you enjoy being whipped, my little slut slave, i&#8217;ll bet you&#8217;re good and wet!�

Stacy&#8217;s face flushed, probably as much from my name calling&nbsp; as well as the feeling when i slipped two fingers of my right hand into her soaking pussy. i played with her for a bit, fucking her with three, then four fingers. Not wanting her to have too much pleasure, i removed my hand, and wiped it across her face and under her nose, so her potent scent would linger long for her.

Taking a position behind her, i began to softly bring the flogger up between her ass cheeks so the ends would snap very gently on her mound. �Spread your legs wider for me,� i ordered Stacy. �i want total access to your cunt!�

She waddled a bit as she got her legs further apart. It was awkward for her with her hands behind her head

The lash fell wherever i intended it to now, snapping on her mound, or by pulling back a little, on her clit. i got a nice steady rhythm going, and ever so gradually increased the severity of each stroke until she moaned as each one of my lashes found it&#8217;s intended mark. i made a point of laying in the occasional stroke quite hard. One was so strong that she broke position and grabbed her crotch with a yelp.

�What do you think you&#8217;re doing,� ii admonished her severely?&nbsp; �Only i decide when the whipping stops. Get your hands behind your head and stick your tits out. Your pussy isn&#8217;t hot enough for me yet!�

Reluctantly she assumed the position again. i whipped her pussy some more, the mound now a bright pink. i stopped sooner than i really wanted to, as i wanted her to learn to enjoy and accept the whip. 

i knelt in front of her and licked her spittle from her flabby tits. Moving up her chest, i licked it from her chin and then from around the red rubber ball gag. Looking her right in the eyes, i said, �Would you like a little more attention, slave?�

She looked back at me, and nodded.

As ii unbuckled her ball gag, ii said, �I want to whip those udders of yours, Stacy, but i want you to offer them to me.�

She was stretching her cramped mouth as she said, �What does that mean, sara?�

�It means, slave, that you will hold those floppy milk bags up for me while i whip them. Is that clear enough?�

�Yes, sara.� She put her hands under her tits and lifted them up as instructed.

i put aside the flogger in favor of one of Sir Campbell&#8217;s riding crops. i held it in front of Stacy so she could see the new implement, before striking her breasts with it. The sound of the sharp slap as the leather end hit the soft flesh filled the room. Her tits were turning more pink with each lash, and she&#8217;d winced and cried as the strokes got harder..

Finally, ii stopped. �Thank me,� i said.

�Thank you, sara,� her head down, looking at her reddened chest.

�Thank you sara, for what, cunt?�

Her eyes shot up to meet mine, and she said, �Thank you, sara, for......for wh.....whipping me,� she corrected herself.

We hugged and kissed each other for a long while, before she worked up the courage to ask, �sara, would you kiss me down there, like you did last week?�

�Yes, Stacy, but that&#8217;s not how a slave should talk. You sound like a nervous schoolgirl.�

�Would........would you..............would you li........lick my cunt, sara,� she asked furtively?

�i would be glad to lick your cunt, slave.�

After our little lovemaking session, Stacy showered and went home. i went on the computer and found an email message from my Owner. It said simply: �Mistress Ilsa&#8217;s slave, slut, will come by at 2:00 to pick you up. Be outside waiting for her. You will only need toiletries. Nothing else. Wear your great cape, and four inch spikes. I will see you Saturday. &#8216;C&#8217;. �

It was already 12:30, so i grabbed a quick container of yogurt, two granola bars, and took a quick shower. After blow drying my hair and combing it out, i applied three heavy doses of perfume, waiting for it to dry between applications. While waiting for it to dry, i did my face up: eye liner, mascara, lip gloss and liner. Then i rouged my areolas and outer labia with dark red blush. 

At 1:55, i was on the street in front of my building waiting for slut to arrive. It turned out she was a few minutes late, but then ii saw the black Jaguar come down the street and pull up in front of me. i opened the passenger door and got in. slut was behind the wheel, dressed as i was in a great cape, and stiletto heels. Like me, she was naked beneath the cape.

slut handed me a dildo and butt plug connected by a chain harness. �Put these in,� she said.


Lifting myself up from the seat, i slid the dildo deep into my pussy and then worked the dry butt plug up into my ass. Once they were in place, i wrapped the thin steel connecting chains around my waist and locked it in place with the small lock.

Looking at slut&#8217;s exposed thigh, ii could see that she was wearing a similar harness as well. 

i didn&#8217;t ask her where we were going, not that i wasn&#8217;t curious. It really didn&#8217;t matter. Sir Campbell was sending me somewhere, for His purpose. That was all i was entitled to know, or needed to know.




































Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Charles E. Campbell


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





