BDSM Library - J2




J2
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Growing up believing she was just an average teenager, Julie is finding it hard to adjust to her new life. With her heritage visible in every blink of her eyes, she can't escape what she is, or the abilities lying locked in her head. She can't forget that somewhere, someone is still looking for her. He killed her mother, he hunts her father, and he now knows exactly where she is.
Prologue - A second glance



Learning that her Mother died protecting her was hard to deal with for Julie. It
had been easier when she had died giving birth, because that way there was no
shady third-party looking for her. Her elusive father refused to reveal any more
information during his intermittent visits to her. He wouldn't even reveal to
her how he seemed to pop up everywhere, not matter how much she promised not to
tell. He ignored her questions about the necklace, and about anything else that
had happened to her over the weekend.

But when he was gone, it was easy to forget the problems that lurked in her
past; she had her two girlfriends to deal with, and as much as it made her
uncomfortable to think about, they were both her responsibility. Owning her
best-friend Kate had been as accidental as owning Susan, and she was still
nervous about doing anything as intimate as a kiss with anyone else, in case she
unwittingly added them to her 'collection' as Susan jokingly referred to it.

Her mood became sombre whenever she thought about Kate. Despite their best
efforts to help, she still had a lot of trouble thinking by herself, after her
brainwashing at the hands of the criminal, Moira. Her improvement was
progressing slowly, and even though everyone told her that it was only a matter
of time, Julie couldn't help but wish for her old friend back.

Her mood wasn't helped by the hostility of the locals. She was too stubborn to
wear sunglasses in public, and every person who recognised her eyes was another
blow to her self-esteem. They blamed the Dominants for what had happened to the
Orphanage, and to them, she was just another member of the group.

Her only help through it all was her mentor, Nyssa, and her boyfriend, Simeon.
Nyssa was slowly helping her deal with her Dominant side, teaching everything
from how to use her abilities to basic knot-tying techniques. Her education at
the Orphanage was limited, and there was a lot to fill in.

Simeon helped her with everything else. When she felt terrible, he was there to
provide a hug and a shoulder. When she felt like shopping, he grudgingly gave
her money, and when she bought too much, he spanked her arse like a child. The
Dominant within her rebelled whenever he punished her, but as much as she hated
the thought, she loved being under his control. She needed to be on top as much
as she needed to be submissive, and she knew that Simeon took full advantage of
her confusion.

When he didn't have her tied up somewhere in the bedroom, they went out
together, visiting places and eating, and ignoring the glances they got from
others. Several times they had gone out with Trig and Susan also, and although
Julie felt guilty about leaving Kate, Nyssa was adamant that she stay at the
house until she improves more.

Julie began to settle down after a few weeks, trying to push the questions about
her past to the back of her mind.



But the past hadn't gone away yet. Having stolen one of the Council ships for
herself, Moira was travelling to a distant space-station, taking a long,
convoluted route to throw off the pursuing Council. In the refrigerator of the
ships kitchen sits a vial of Julies' blood, Moira intended gift to an old
acquaintance she left behind many years ago. But the blood is only an excuse,
because what she learned from it has led her to believe that things are not as
simple as she had thought, and the answers lie within the Station.

But the owner of the Station is fully aware of her approach. He wants her dead,
he wants the vial, and he wants Julie. He's already killed Julies' mother in an
attempt to capture her, and sent her father into hiding. He doesn't care who
dies, as long as he gets his way, and ensures the superiority of the Dominant,
forever...




Chapter 1 - Old Acquaintances



For a long, uncomfortable time, the only sound was the low hum of idling
machines.

"Gate 12," said the cold, mechanical voice from the speaker, its harsh tone
cutting through the atmosphere.

Despite the fact that Moira was waiting for it, the sudden sound startled her. A
moment later she almost collapsed in her chair in relief. She took a few moments
to reassure herself that she wasn't going to die, and straightened in her chair.

"About time you told me where I'm going," she muttered under her breath, keying
in the assigned Gate. A split second of calculations and the idling sound began
to slowly increase in intensity. The sensation of acceleration was barely
noticeable to Moira, but she had grown used to ignoring the minute motions after
the long and hazardous journey through the field of constantly moving asteroids.
Only now was she able to relax, despite the many times she had done this before.
Even after all those years, the trip had brought back memories... dark ones.

The space-station was slowly growing out the window before her. The space around
it was mostly clear of obstacles, and she knew that any asteroids she saw from
now on had the ability to turn her to glittering dust in a split second, and
what remained of the ship shortly after. He was very paranoid about security.

As the ship approached the dull, slightly shining bulk of the space-station,
Moira began to notice the additions since she had last seen it. Her blood red
eyes widened as the dark shapes around it grew in clarify, coalescing into
dangerous-looking weapon emplacements and high-powered sensors. He seemed to
have grown even more paranoid about defence, and didn't bother to hide it
anymore. To her relatively untrained eye, it was intimidating.

The station had increased in size, Moira saw as she moved closer and began to
notice familiar things. She theorised he had either found an easy source of
minerals, or had started stealing from a mining colony. Judging by the sheer
amount of firepower he was boasting, it was the latter.

Unable to contain her anxiety, Moira stood up from her seat and began pacing,
the jet-black suit that hugged her form squeaking softly with each movement.
Given the right angle, the light shining off its exterior showed the
strategically placed ports on its exterior, giving away its actual purpose as a
sleep-suit.

The nanotech enhanced suits were standard issue on all space craft. Despite the
tried and tested nature of the engines that powered the ships, there was always
the chance of failure, and the suits provided the hapless crew a relatively
comfortable way of sleeping off the intervening years.

For Moira, they provided her with what she classed as a useful piece of
clothing, and a nice way to humiliate and restrain anyone who happened to cross
her path. The two guards who had previously been defending her stolen ship were
now similarly suited and stowed safely in their tubes, headphones whispering
into their sleeping ears.

"Please slow your approach," the speaker informed her in the same, cold voice as
before. Moira ignored it, the soft click of her heels echoing around the small
control-room.

"Please slow your approach," it repeated. Moira would have thought it was
impossible, but the voice seemed even colder now, promising veiled consequences
for not answering. Frowning in annoyance, she paused by the console, her gloved
fingers flashing over the controls.

When no more warnings arrived, she returned to her pacing, fingers locked behind
her back. It was getting hard for her to sit still now; it had been several 'up'
days since she had fed, and she was easily agitated. She had spent the several
weeks journey to the station asleep, as her two human guards were bonded and she
had no intention of feeling ill after feeding from them. The journey would have
been much quicker, but she had been taking time to throw off pursuit, and the
ship hadn't had enough time to fully charge its' self.

She only gave the controls cursory attention as the ship slid into the docking
gate. There was a soft thud that resounded through the ship, and Moira calmly
adjusted her step to maintain balance. As soon as the ship was silent, she
smoothly changed from pacing to striding out of the control room.

The Council ship was considerably larger than the one she had left nose-first in
the ground back on Earth. A sharp left and she was in the kitchen, heading
straight for the fridge. She opened its steel door to a cloud of fog, evidence
of her jury-rigging the cooler. She frowned slightly at this, but reached into
the misty interior and pulled out the small case sitting alone on the top shelf.
With a quick check to ensure that its' contents were intact, Moira shut the
fridge and strode out of the kitchen.



Waiting for her at the bottom of the ramp was a familiar face. A disturbingly
familiar face, as Moira clearly remembered killing the little man who was
currently very much alive and looking up at her with an expression of obvious
impatience.

She saw the slight tightening around his eyes as he took in her outfit, and
smiled inwardly. If he was so busy checking out her breasts, he wouldn't notice
the barely visible bulge on the inside of her thigh where the gun lay.

"No hard feelings, Lyle?" Moira asked sweetly, cutting him off as he was about
to speak.

"Lyle?" the little man asked, his face creasing in confusion. "I don't know who
you mean, but I am not Lyle."

"My mistake," Moira said without a moment's hesitation. She was surprised
though... obviously things had changed a lot since she had been away, such as
Lyle apparently gaining himself a twin.

"Do you have the sample?" the twin asked, not even bothering to hide the urgency
in his voice.

Moira flicked open the case and ran it under his nose, snapping it shut before
he could get his sticky little fingers into it. His expression of excitement
made Moira cringe inwardly; she had already decided that this supposed twin
would soon join Lyle in the cold depths of space.

"Excellent," he hissed, his eyes flickering between the case, and the
black-covered breasts that sat slightly above. "Err... come this way, Mistress
Moira," he said after a second; seemingly remembering his purpose.

"Lead the way," Moira replied in a voice that oozed sweetness. When he turned
his back to her, Moira was certain that this was not Lyle. No-one who knew her
would be stupid enough to turn his back when she used that tone.

Leading her from the cold docking bay, the twin began to unerringly navigate
into the depths of the station. Moira noticed each and every time he gave either
the case or her bust a sideways glance, and after a few minutes of it she found
herself plotting more and more nasty ways to bring about his demise.

"My Master will be with you shortly," he announced suddenly, halting outside an
open doorway. He put a hand out expectantly, as if she was just going to hand
over the case.

"What do you want?" Moira asked nicely, smiling down at him. She almost punched
him in the face with rage when he smiled back at her.

"The case please... my Master has directed me to take it straight to the labs."

"Oh, I'm sure I can manage that myself!" Moira replied, deliberately adding a
slight edge to her voice. His idiocy astounded her, as his smile didn't waver.
Lyle's twin was exactly the same as the original; proof that Dominants can be
born without a brain.

"Sorry, but orders are orders," he said, shaking his head as if he was actually
regretful.

"Oh fine, take it," Moira said in exasperation, happy of any excuse to get rid
of the little man. The sample wasn't important to her anyway; its loss meant
little to her now, as she'd already learned plenty from it.

She strode into the room, feeling his gaze linger on her rear before the door
slid automatically shut behind her.



"You'd think that when someone returns after a dozen years, you'd make an effort
to meet them on time," Moira grumbled to the impassive screen dominating one end
of the room. The table she was leaning on sat in the middle of the otherwise
sparse room, giving it the appearance of a meeting place where someone had
stolen all the chairs.

Sighing irritably, Moira kicked off her heels and flexed her black-covered toes,
leaning forward to stretch. She'd been waiting for over fifteen minutes now, and
the only interesting thing she'd seen was an automated drone fly past the camera
that provided the image for the screen. As her restlessness began to increase,
she wished she could have been provided with someone to feed on whilst she
waited.

She heard the hiss of the door opening, and sighed loudly.

"It's about time," she muttered, and turned around to feel the sharp sting of a
dart hit her in the shoulder. Rather than look concerned, she calmly picked up
the small piece of metal from where it lay on the desk and looked up to the
door.

The Lyle-twin was standing in the doorway, his jaw open in surprise. Moira
calmly glanced down at her shoulder, her eyes scanning the still flawless shine
of the black latex-like covering.

"You know," she said, flicking the dart away and sliding one hand down between
her legs. "You really should be more observant. These suits are pretty tough!"

She raised her own weapon and fired once, taking him straight through the head.
The thud as the twin hit the ground was Moira's queue to stand up. Abandoning
her noisy heels, she walked over and took a hold on his shirt to drag him fully
into the room.

She gave the body lying half under the table a regretful look, thinking of all
the painful ways he could have died if he had been a little smarter.

"Jerk," she muttered, and strode calmly out into the hall, gun held ready.



--

Thanks to slavelucy for her proof-reading

--




Chapter 2 - Torment



Watching as the water cascaded down her body, Susan twisted around slowly under
the shower stream. Her eyes were wide with childlike fascination as it ran down
over her breasts, ignoring the tingling of discomfort this caused in her
over-sensitive nipples. Her gaze followed the water south as it washed away the
soap remaining on her skin, where it ran into the tight, glassy waist-band above
her hips. It paused there for a moment before flowing over the obstruction,
following the equally tight band that hugged her body down over her sex to
disappear between her buttocks.

Despite having lived in the chastity belt for several weeks now without release,
Susan couldn't help but blush as her eyes drifted past her imprisoned sex. The
intimate hold of belt on her body and the transparency of its exterior ensured
that nothing was left to her imagination. Even the shadowy entrance to her
interior was visible, held open by the short, fat and bumpy dildo that pushed
teasingly into her.

With the soap now gone from her glistening skin, Susan crouched down on all
fours in the shower stall, thrusting her behind up into the air. The pale white
tube that was buried in the rear of the belt quivered with her movements as it
carried its cargo of hot water deep into her behind.

Susan found herself clenching her buttocks, and tried to relax. She knew the fat
plug lodged deep inside her was more than capable of holding in the water; a
fact that she had learned through many uncomfortable lessons.

Thinking about that area made her heart begin to pound in her chest, and she
hastily tried to think of something else. Trig had promised that her training
would end tonight, and she was terrified of what that meant for her.

Glancing over her shoulder, she looked up at the bag hanging from the
shower-stall. It wasn't completely empty, but she was getting impatient.
Reaching back, she tugged the tube from the belt. She couldn't feel it, but the
belt's valve sealed behind her, trapping the water inside until she chose to
release it. There had been one time where Trig had locked that also, and she had
been forced to endure the water all day until she could see him and beg to be
released.

Feeling her cheeks heating again, Susan stood up and turned the taps off. Giving
herself a little shake, she reached out and tugged her favourite pale pink towel
off the nearby hook. Wrapping it around her head, she began roughly drying the
fire-red hair that hung heavy with water over her shoulders.

When it was no longer dripping wet, she began drying her body, wincing as the
soft fabric ran over her still sensitive nipples. She paused to tenderly rub her
small, firm breasts as if in apology, remembering the pain of metal biting into
the soft flesh...

She shook herself, and began drying around the chastity belt. As she twisted her
partially dry, naked body, the transparent exterior glittered in the fluorescent
light from above, reflecting off the sparkly purple tracing over its surface.
Her movements caused the black marking over her belly button to deform, its soft
lines following her movements.

She could feel the water slosh in her belly as she reached down to dry her legs,
but it wasn't uncomfortable. It had taken a few tries before she felt confident
in administering her enemas and keeping it a secret from the other orphans, but
with the belt on, she had no choice. Every second day, she would fill the bag
from the shower head, and hold the water until she was dressed and ready.

She pulled on her pants over the belt, and then a nice, tight t-shirt. She
wasn't allowed to wear a bra, and she hated the looks the boys gave her, so a
warm, woollen jumper went over the top also. Her shoes went on last, and then
she wrapped the enema bag and tube in the towel and stuffed the bundle into her
backpack.

Her cheeks glowing with warmth from the shower, she slung the pack over her
shoulder and exited the shower cubicle. The blush wasn't all from the heat of
the shower though; she was hoping desperately that her belly wouldn't growl
loudly. Some of the other girls suspected what she was doing, and she didn't
need any noises to confirm their thoughts!

She spent a few minutes brushing her hair, glancing nervously at the only other
girl in the bathroom of the Orphanage. She appeared to be ignoring Susan, but
when she finished neatening her own hair, she shot the 16-year-old a hateful
glance and walked out a little quicker than was normal.

Susan sighed once the girl was gone; she knew everyone saw her as a traitor.
They blamed every non-human for what had happened, and Susan was quite literally
sleeping with the enemy.

She smiled at herself in the mirror.

"Just ignore them," she whispered, telling herself Trig would be coming in a few
hours, and then she could get away for the day.

She felt the movement in her gut a moment before it gurgled loudly. Despite
being completely alone, her face flushed red with horror. Hurriedly, she
finished what she was doing and dashed to the toilet.



Whimpering softly, Julie tugged against the cuffs holding her secure. She didn't
know where he had found them, but they were cold, hard steel and had no give in
them at all. They were quite effective at discouraging ideas of escape, she
thought wistfully.

The position he had bound her in only made her yearn for freedom though. She was
flat on her back and naked on the bed, with her legs bent back at the knees and
cuffed to her wrists. Her arms were being held together by leather straps at her
elbows, forcing her to arch her back and push her considerable breasts up into
the air.

As if she wasn't humiliated enough, he had gone and put a bar between her knees,
forcing her to spread her legs widely and display her lightly haired sex to the
room. And then after he had gagged and blindfolded her, he stuck a vibrator in
her pussy. The pain as he clipped the small chain from its base to her clit had
made her scream around the ball of rubber, at least until he had tightened it
more. Its slow vibrations had been tormenting her with pleasure and pain for the
last hour.

Julie was only guessing at how long she had been there; it could have been only
a few minutes, but she had no way of telling. She could have counted the ticking
of the nearby clock each second, but dwelling on its rhythmic sound made time
only pass slower.

She was supposed to be going out with Susan soon; he should be here now! She
chastised herself for being so easily charmed by him. What she had thought would
be quick and enjoyable early-morning game had turned into a frustrating ordeal.

It was even more frustrating for her, because she was supposed to be a Dominant.
The urge to be on top and in control was coded into every one of her 18-year-old
cells, and yet she couldn't ignore the excitement she got whenever Simeon tied
her up. She loved being helpless and in his power, but the thought of anyone but
him doing the same thing made her blood boil.

She had been nervous the first time he had bound her, and it didn't all have to
do with the loss of control. It brought back memories of her time at the hands
of the gang members, and if it wasn't for Simeon's gentle manner, she would have
refused. Now, the thought of him being gentle as he tied her for a sound fucking
made her smile around the ball lodged between her aching jaws.

The vibrator was slowly driving her insane, and she began to squirm in her bonds
again. She could just reach the base of the metallic intruder, but pulling on it
sent pain through her clamped clitoris, and her fingers retreated. There was no
way she could remove the clamp, and she didn't have the right angle to turn off
the vibrator. She whined in frustration, chains rattling as she raged futilely.

Julie paused suddenly as her ears picked up a sound. Trying not to breathe too
heavily through her nose, she listened to the sounds in the room. She could hear
the slow ticking of the clock and the low, muted sound of the vibrator working
away; but there was no other noise.

Her nostrils flared as she tried to smell if anyone was there. Her mentor and
adopted mother, Nyssa, had been teaching her to rely on her sense of smell.
Julie hated being hooded so she couldn't see or hear, but she was getting better
at identifying people in the room.

She easily picked up the scent of her own arousal, bringing warmth to her cheeks
at how obvious it must be. But there was something else, something she wasn't
sure about... She moaned softly, and twisted herself uncomfortably to lift her
head into the air. What was that smell...

Her entire body stiffened as she felt the bed shift underneath her. What on
earth... Her thought was cut off as she felt someone take hold of the clamp on
her clit. He's on the bed, she cried out in her mind, before pain lanced through
the tortured organ and brought an end to thinking.

She screamed loudly around the gag, arching her back painfully and trying to
press her legs together to protect her femininity. Her thoughts were a chaotic
mix of shock, confusion and pain. How had he snuck up on her like that? She had
heard the door shut!

Despite the pain still radiating from her clitoris, Julie found herself pushing
back at him as he withdrew the now silent vibrator. She knew he would smile at
this, and turned red with shame. She felt him moving again, leaning over her.

"Do you want the vibrator back?" Simeon asked slyly, his hand cupping her sex.
Her face went red but she refused to admit it, and replied with a shake of her
head.

Julie felt his touch against her sex a split second before he thrust forwards,
burying his cock in her. She squealed around the gag in surprise and joy, and
then he was fully into her, pressing her tortured clit between them. Her squeal
changed into a cry of pain and outrage... he had planned all this! His low laugh
only confirmed her suspicions.

She was more than wet enough, and Simeon began thrusting strongly into her body.
Julie wanted to die with shame each time he thrust into her and brought another
cry from her throat. It was tempting to use her abilities and heal her poor
clit, but even if she could concentrate enough, it would feel too much like
cheating. Right now, she could do nothing but pull at her restraints as he
worked her towards what she could feel would be a powerful orgasm.

And just as she was sure she was going to cum, he pulled out of her, making her
scream with frustration. He laughed again, shifting around to sit over her head.
Julie whined unhappily as he undid the gag, but opened her mouth as his cock
touched her lips.

Still moaning in shame and arousal, Julie tried to relax as he used her mouth
for his pleasure. She expressed her dissatisfaction by not doing anything,
keeping her tongue still and concentrating on just breathing.

She knew that he would notice, and moments later she was gagging as he thrust
deeply and came in her throat. He held her head close until Julie began to
struggle for breath, and then slowly withdrew. She tried her best not to gasp
for breath, as if to prove that she hadn't been worried at all.

It took all her self-control not to cry with frustration as he replaced the gag
tightly in her mouth. Her hope of release sank as he climbed off the bed and
began to dress, clothes rustling nearby.

He leant down next to her once he was finished and unlocked the cuffs and the
strap around her elbows.

"Stay still," he told her firmly when she started to relax. "Hold this position,
and keep your hands and legs in the cuffs."

Julie groaned loudly, feeling freedom so close, but she nodded obediently. She
almost pulled her hands out as the door opened and closed behind him, but
managed to resist. Her thoughts were full of confusion. Was he testing her
obedience, and would he come back soon to check? Was he in fact still in the
room, trying to trick her again?

The door opened a few minutes later, but it was cautious, as if someone was
trying to remain silent. The touch of awareness that had been growing unnoticed
in Julies' mind expanded sharply into something identifiable, only moments
before the newcomers scent touched her nose. Every cell in her body tingled with
recognition, and Julie knew without a doubt who it was; her partner through
hell, bonded slave and best friend, Susan.

Nyssa had been spending a lot of time on the bond between Julie and her two
friends. She spoke a little about electro-magnetic fields and cellular
communication, but she stopped once it became apparent that Julie had no idea of
what Nyssa meant. Less scientific explanations had been easy though.

Before starting training, Julie only had an awareness of Susan and Kate in her
dreams. Now she could tell when they were near, and get a vague sense of their
emotional state if she concentrated.

Julie heard her try to stifle a giggle as she tip-toed over to the bedside.

"Hello Julie," Susan said suddenly and loudly, her voice full of laughter. Julie
moaned around her gag and tried to convincingly struggle, hiding her own humour.
She knew exactly what Simeon had been planning now, and felt a moment of pity
for her friend.

She listened to Susan giggling naughtily as she turned the vibrator on to full
speed, still trying to appear like she was afraid and plead for release around
the gag.

"You're so cute when you're tied up," Susan said, teasingly running the vibrator
around Julies' sex. Julie groaned loudly at the touch, but it was more from the
effort of resisting the urge to break free and jam Susan's head between her
legs. Giggling again, Susan tweaked Julies' bare nipples, watching as they grew
full of blood.

"Poor Julie!" she laughed, pushing the vibrator deeply into Julies' sex.

Julie felt herself run out of self-control rapidly as Susan began pushing it in
and out. She sat up suddenly, her hands already raised to pull the blindfold
from her eyes. She heard Susan cry out in surprise, the bed creaking as she
started to leap to her feet. Blinking in the sudden light, Julie lunged forwards
to grab Susan and prevent her escape.

She shook the spreader bar free as she did, and in a few moments she had Susan
stuck between her thighs.

"Julie!" Susan cried out, trying to throw Julie off her. "You... he tricked me!"

Holding Susan down with one hand, she unbuckled the gag and grinned down at her
friend.

"I know I did! But a good girl would have freed her poor, horny Mistress!" Julie
said in mock disappointment.

"I was going to do that! I...I was thinking of you!" Susan tried to justify her
actions. "I was going to help you o...orgasm!"

"You were going to tease me because you thought I couldn't do anything about
it!" Julie accused, staring down over her breasts at the increasingly agitated
teenager. With one hand she absently brushed back her slowly regrowing black
hair. Nyssa assured her that with training she could make it grow a lot faster,
but Julie didn't mind it being short, although she had no intention of keeping
it that way.

"I... I..." Susan stammered, unable to think of anything to defend herself.
Smiling wider, Julie shuffled forwards to place her dripping pussy over Susan's
face.

"You can help me orgasm now," Julie suggested, taking a handful of Susan's long,
red hair and lifting her head up slightly. Her violet eyes twinkled dangerously,
promising consequences if Susan refused.

"Julie!" Susan whined, her eyes flickering between Julies' glistening lips and
her eyes.

She hated giving oral sex, but she hated punishments even more, and the thought
of a week with the vibrating dildo inside her chastity belt was enough to get
her to open her mouth. Her tongue emerged reluctantly, and she began to lick.

Julie adjusted her position slightly, spreading her legs and leaning forward to
give Susan a more comfortable angle. It also allowed Julie to lean on the front
of the bed and press down on her source of pleasure.

The efforts of the vibrator and Simeon had brought her to the peak of arousal,
and the feelings of Susan's tongue rubbing up and down her sex had her panting
heavily very quickly. She looked down to see Susan with her eyes closed and face
bright red as she worked. The sight, combined with the feeling of the tongue now
swirling around her clit, had her throwing her head back and grinding her hips
down, her mouth open as she moaned in orgasm.

"Thanks," she panted, climbing off Susan to slump down beside her on the bed.

"Can you go get my clothes, please," Julie asked sweetly after a minute. Susan
sighed, but she could hear the command in it, and hurried to obey.

Susan disappeared into the bathroom whilst Julie dressed, straightening her hair
and washing out her mouth. As much as she liked the taste of Julies' sex, she
didn't want it for the rest of the day.

"Shall we go in a minute?" Susan asked as Julie joined her in the bathroom,
trying to act casual. Her eyes flickered to the steel bonds lying strewn across
the rumpled bed in the other room, and her cheeks flushed slightly.

"Sure," Julie told her with a smile.

"Is Kate coming too?" Susan asked hesitantly. Julies' smile slipped for a
second.

"A few more days," she said softly.

The two girls emerged from the bathroom together, Julie standing much taller
than her younger friend. Grabbing her new purse, she shoved it in her pocket.
Nyssa was trying to get her to use a hand-bag, but so far Julie had refused,
finding it much more convenient, and less of a target for the street thugs that
still held a grudge against her.

She wasn't concerned that the cities underworld was against her; she felt
confident that if she stayed in relatively well populated areas, she could deal
with anything they threw at her, and if not... She silenced the thought, not
wanting to contemplate some of her more dangerous abilities.

"Let's go," Julie told Susan, striding purposely to the door.

She'd never had much money, but Simeon was a generous person; now it was time to
go shopping.



--

Thanks to slavelucy for proof-reading this

--




Chapter 3 - Near Miss



Chatting happily to each other, Julie and Susan wandered from shop to shop,
discussing guys, clothes, and what exactly they were going to buy.

Both girls were totally lost in the bustling shopping centre. They had only a
handful of trips to the place between them, as they had never had any money.
Now, with a couple of hundred dollars to spend and a vague suggestion to get
some clothes, they were free to buy a whole lot of things.

Side-by-side, they approached the next shop in the row.

"Julie..." Susan started, looking a little nervous at the scantily clad models
in the window.

"Oh, come on!" Julie said, laughing softly. "We don't have to buy anything!"

Susan didn't appear reassured as she followed Julie into the lingerie store, her
eyes darting from side to side at the racks of flimsy, silk garments. Her gaze
passed over several images on the labels as she walked, and found her cheeks
warming at how daring some of them were.

"Julie..." she hissed after the older girl. "I don't think I should be in here!"

"It's not like you haven't worn this stuff before," Julie replied over her
shoulder, smiling at the way Susan blushed further.

"Hmm," Julie said thoughtfully, pausing in front of one of the racks to search
through the items weighing it down. Pulling a top free on its hanger, she turned
and compared it to Susan.

"Julie, I'm not trying anything on here!" she whispered, glancing around
anxiously. The fact that it was empty apart from them and the sales girl at the
counter didn't make any difference.

"We can go out the back," Julie suggested with a smile.

Susan groaned loudly, but Julie wasn't giving in that easily, and she soon had
Susan in the changing room.

"Are you ready?" Julie asked, standing outside the curtain.

"Not yet," Susan replied in a hushed tone. "Couldn't you have got a different
size... something not so tight?"

"Well, come out and give me a look," Julie told her.

Susan stuck her head around the edge of the curtain, and glanced either way.

"Can you come in here instead?" she asked, her cheeks warming.

"Why's that?" Julie asked, giving her a confused look.

"I err... you can see the... the belt," she stammered, her eyes darting left and
right.

Giving her a chastising look, Julie took hold of the curtain and tugged it
across the rail. Susan let out a squeal, and immediately her hands went to cover
her top. The waistband of the belt was clearly visible above her pants, and it
didn't take much imagination to guess where the top of the crotch-band went.

"Put your hands down," Julie said in an exasperated tone. "There's no-one else
here!"

Susan took a step back into the changing room, and slowly lowered her hands.

"It fits perfectly!" Julie said, her violet gaze wandering over Susan's chest.

"It's too tight across here," Susan said, her cheeks warming as she indicated
either side of her small, essentially bare breasts.

The slightly pinkish-white lace top started just above her breasts and clung to
her figure down to the waist-band of the belt. Thin, almost invisible straps
traced up over her shoulders, holding up the flimsy garment. The soft, silk
fabric had an intricate design across it, inscribing swirls and vague flowery
shapes across her skin. The tightest part of it was around her chest, Julie
noted, where the two essentially transparent cups lifted and held her small
breasts.

"It looks fine," Julie told her firmly, reaching out and adjusting one of the
cups, much to Susan's dismay.

"I think we have some stockings and some gloves back home," Julie mused, pulling
at the top. "If we find some panties that we don't mind getting torn off you,
you'll look perfect for tonight!"

"Can I help you ladies?" the sales girl asked cheerfully, coming up behind
Julie.

Susan's head snapped up from watching Julies' hands, her eyes wide with horror.
She made a choking noise, and raised her arms to cover herself, retreating into
the changing room.

"We're fine at the moment," Julie said smoothly. The sales girl frowned at
Susan.

"You're supposed to wear your underwear when trying things on here," she said.
Susan made a small whimper and looked at the pile of clothes beside her. There
was her shirt, and her jumper, but no bra.

The sales girl glanced at the pile, then to the belt around Susan's waist, and
then up at Julie, taking in the violet eyes returning her gaze. Slowly the blood
drained from her face.

"Y...you're one of t...them!" she stammered, looking too terrified to even take
a step back.

Julie grimaced.

"Yes I'm one of them. I'm so glad that everyone keeps reminding me, or I might
forget!" Her voice was full of wounded sarcasm, and she sounded on the verge of
tears. She turned away suddenly, and hurried down to the other end of the line
of changing rooms, covering her face with her hands.

The sales girl stood silently, torn between taking the chance to get away and
staring in astonishment.

"She's an orphan," Susan said softly. "Her parents left her here as a baby."
Julie hadn't told anyone other than Simeon about Seth being her father; she was
still trying to sort out her feelings over his absence.

"So... she didn't come with the... the rest of them?"

Susan shook her head

"I... I'm sorry," the sales girl said after a long moment. "I didn't know."

She glanced at Susan, and then down at the top she was still wearing.

"If you want... I can sell that cheap... it's the least I can do." Susan smiled
at the offer.

"You can buy those panties then, too!" the sales girl added with a wink.

Susan almost died with shame.



Why is it that you can live with people your whole life, and then they learn
you're a bit different to them and you suddenly become someone to be feared and
despised? Julie sighed, drying her eyes with one hand. Feeling sorry for herself
wasn't going to help.

She turned away from the wall, and slowly walked back down the line of change
rooms. They were all empty now, their curtains pushed to one side. She entered
the main store, and saw Susan over by the counter. The sales girl was there,
putting some things into a bag for her. She looked up at Julie, and gave her a
weak smile.

Julie gave her an uncertain one in reply, but didn't deviate from her line to
the door. She met Susan there, and they walked out into the shopping centre
together.

"I got them half-price!" Susan related, almost giggling with excitement as she
held up the paper bag. "And I had enough money to get a matching pair of
panties, like you suggested!" She paused for a moment, and looked up at Julie in
concern.

"Are you okay?" she asked cautiously. Julie nodded.

"I'll be fine, don't worry about it."

"She said she was sorry about it... she actually seemed a little interested...
she even asked about the... the belt."

"And what did you tell her?" Julie asked, smiling slyly.

"Oh... she wanted to know whether it was all see-through, and whether it was
comfy, and whether I could take it off..."

"Did you say that only your boyfriend and I have a key?" Julie asked, sounding
amused.

"I told her... my boyfriend has the key..." Susan gripped the bag tightly, as if
trying to hide her embarrassment behind it. Julie laughed at this.

"She looked a bit shocked!" Susan said, smiling slightly.

"Well, not every guy keeps his girl under lock and key," Julie said with a
laugh. "Hey, let's go there for lunch."

Julie paused to indicate a small cafe set up in an open area of the shopping
centre.

"Sure!"

The girls chatted quietly as they waited in the short line. A tall blonde haired
man came up behind them, standing a little close for Julie's comfort. He gave
her a slight smile when she turned to frown at him.

"What's with him?" Susan whispered, moving closer to Julie.

"Hey," he said suddenly, touching Julie on the shoulder. "You're one of those
Mistresses, aren't you?" Julie stiffened at his touch, and turned to glare at
him.

She was taken aback by the look of fascination on his face. He wasn't scared, or
angry, or wary... he was interested in her!

"Yeah, I am," she replied after a moment, her glare softening somewhat.

"So, are you two...?" He glanced at Susan, and his face lit up with a grin at
her look of mortification.

"None of your business," Julie said firmly, putting an arm around Susan and
stepping up to the counter.

Why am I so annoyed, she wondered; he was nothing but nice!

Telling her self to relax, Julie and Susan sat down at a nearby table to wait.
Susan placed her bag on one of the chairs beside her, where she could watch it.

"You're sure you're okay?" Susan asked, leaning on the table. "You're not upset
or anything?"

Julie smiled reassuringly, watching out the corner of her eye as the blonde
haired man sat down a few tables from them.

"You know, it's normally me asking those questions," Julie told her, replacing
her purse in her pocket. "Are things okay at the orphanage?"

Susan sighed, both at Julie changing the subject, and the question.

"This whole rule is so... so annoying! I hate it there now, and everyone hates
me too." She shook her head firmly. "I don't care what the headmistress says;
I'm not going back there tonight."

Julie nodded at this.

"It would ruin it if you have to leave half-way through," Julie said in all
seriousness.

"Yeah," Susan said, sounding uncomfortable. Her cheeks began to warm slowly, as
she thought about the night ahead of her. Was it going to hurt? Would he be
gentle, or would she be punished beforehand? Would she be free or bound tightly?
What embarrassed her most was that she couldn't decide which of the options she
would prefer.

"You'll do great," Julie reassured her, hiding a smile. "You've already
impressed me today; I'm surprised you managed to buy those by yourself," she
said, gesturing to the bag.

Julie saw her friend tense up and glance sharply at where the shopping bag sat.

"I did," Susan said weakly, wondering if anyone would see the label on it.

"On the seat isn't very safe," she said, making any excuse to move the bag.
Leaning out quickly over the table, she took hold of it.

Julie only just heard the hiss a moment before Susan cried out in shock.

"Ouch!" she exclaimed, abandoning the bag to grab at her shoulder. Her fingers
touched metal, a small, familiar looking shape embedded in her clothes.

Julie froze for a terrible second, her eyes fixed on the man standing on the
other side of the cafe, angrily reloading the gun in his hand in seeming slow
motion. He finished what he was doing, and began to raise it again, looking back
at her.

She was still screaming silently at herself to move when someone appeared beside
her, pushing the table over. A strong arm slid around her, pulling her to the
ground behind the table as another dart flashed past where her head had been
moments before.

Susan was still seated in her chair, looking at the whole scene with a detached
fascination. People were running from the cafe as fast as they could, several
shouting about a gun. Chairs had been overturned in peoples' haste to get away,
but the remaining tables were still upright.

"Susan!" Julie yelled, pushing the arm away to go to her friend. Uncaring
whether the shooter was still there, Julie grabbed Susan and pulled her down
behind the shelter.

"Julie..." Susan said, trying to keep her voice steady. "I'm a little tired..."

"What happened?" the man asked. Julie glanced over her shoulder, and recognised
the blonde haired guy from earlier.

"I don't know," she replied, fighting tears. Reaching down, she pulled the dart
from Susan's shoulder. Its tip glinted with blood, and there was a slowly
growing stain appearing through her jumper.

"I... she... there was another dart... can you find it?"

He nodded, and dashed off behind her.

Taking a deep breath, Julie slid a hand up Susan's shirt, placing it just below
her sternum. It was an almost automatic response. She barely began to
concentrate on her regenerative skills, before she could feel herself pouring
into her friend, filling her head with information.

It only took a moment before she felt a glimmer of recognition. The drug felt
very similar to what she had been hit with by Moira.

Trying not to sigh with relief, she pulled her hand back and felt the awareness
of Susan fade.

"I can't see it anywhere," the man said, coming back to her. "Someone has called
the ambulance."

"She'll be fine," Julie told him, wiping away the tears from her eyes. "It just
makes her sleep; she'll wake up in an hour or so."

"Are you sure?" the man asked doubtfully.

"Don't worry, I'm certain," she told him, looking up with glistening, violet
eyes. He was young, only a few years older than herself, she guessed.

"I'll take your word for it then. The doctors will still want to check her out
though."

Julie nodded, holding the now unconscious Susan close.

"Tell me..." he began, trying to distract her. "Is it true that you err... feed
from her... you know..."

Julie couldn't help but groan at this.

"Yes," she said, gritting her teeth.

"Oh... so, does that mean you're a..."

"I have a boyfriend," Julie interrupted quickly, looking at him with narrowed
eyes.

"Oh," he said simply, looking a little disappointed. Julie had no intentions of
feeding his fantasy by mentioning Kate.

Ignoring him, Julie reached out and pulled the bag of lingerie close.

What a great trip, Julie thought grimly.



Lying on the hospital bed, Susan slept off the drugs in her system. She was
still dressed in her clothes, one arm pulled up for the IV the doctor had
insisted on. She startled Julie by sitting up suddenly, her eyes wide and
searching.

"What..." she began, before realising where she was.

"Feeling alright?" Julie asked, sitting up in the chair where she had been
waiting. For once the nervousness she seemed to instil in people had come in
handy and she had had no difficulties being allowed to stay.

"I feel like I had a good nights sleep..." Her face fell. "What time is it?"

Julie laughed, relief flooding her thoughts.

"It's about 4:00," she said reassuringly. "You slept for over two hours!"

Susan sighed in relief, and flopped back down onto the bed.

"Is Trig here?" she asked softly.

Julie nodded in reply. "He's waiting outside. He was too fidgety to sit and
watch you here."

Susan giggled softly.

"There was... someone with a gun, did they find him?"

Julie shook her head, looking solemn.

"The police came and interviewed me, and I told them what I knew. They won't
find him though."

"Why?" Susan asked, rolling onto her side.

"Because the dart had the same stuff Moira used on me, so he had to be with the
Dominants."

"Maybe he was a loser Shadow supporter," Susan suggested with a grin.

"Probably," Julie said. There was no need to assume the worst, she thought,
trying to reassure her self.

"This thing itches," Susan complained. She poked irritably at where the IV was
inserted in her hand. "Call a nurse or something." She began pulling at the
transparent tube, but stopped quickly at the pain this caused.

"Don't touch it," Julie said firmly, standing up. It was an effort for Susan to
pull her hand away, especially now that it itched even worse.

"I've had enough of water-filled bags," Susan muttered, glaring up at the IV bag
on the hook beside her.

Julie left the room to find a nurse, saying that Susan was awake now. Trig burst
in a moment later, nearly tearing the IV from her hand with his hug.

The doctor wasn't happy about letting her leave so soon, but a combination of
Trigs' imposing presence and Julies' violet gaze kept him quiet as they helped a
slightly weak Susan out of the room.

"You're still here?" Julie said in surprise, looking down at their blonde
rescuer who was seated outside. He glanced up and shifted in his seat, smiling.

"Everything's fine now?" he asked concernedly. Julie thought it was a little odd
that he didn't even glance at Susan, but she shrugged it off.

"Yeah," she replied. "Um... thanks for your help..." It was hard for her to say
when he was staring up at her, but she managed.

"It's no problem..." He looked at her expectantly.

"Julie," she finished, trying to be polite. As she looked down at him, she was
struck by how attractive he was. The ridge of his nose, the curve of his chin...

"Well, Julie, I must be off," he announced, standing up. "It's been nice meeting
you!" He looked at her, his face close to hers, and then he brushed past her and
strode off down the white corridor of the hospital.

All the way back to Simeon's, Julie couldn't help wondering why their rescuer
had made her uncomfortable. He hadn't even told her his name...



Keeping to the more empty areas of the station, Moira made her way further into
its metallic depths. She knew vaguely where the Computer Core had been, her
eventual destination, but her first priority was to find something to sate the
hunger growing in her body.

A vague sense of unease was creeping into her mind though. As she walked down
the lonely corridors, she suddenly realised what it was. She couldn't smell
humans.

The suit she wore effectively masked her own scent, but every person she had
been forced to avoid smelled like a pure, red-eyed Dominant, which was crazy.
They couldn't survive for long without a human or two, but she hadn't
encountered a single one.

Determined to verify this, Moira went through the first door she could find,
into someone's empty quarters. A quick sniff around made her raise an eyebrow.
She could smell something now, but it was terribly faint.

Nervous about being in the room uninvited, Moira made her search quick. Just as
she was about to give up, she found a collection of what appeared to be
shot-glasses in the corner of the small kitchen that reeked of sex, the smell
alone making her body tingle. Twisting the tap set into the wall above let out a
small stream of sweet-smelling liquid. Without a pause, Moira raised the now
full cup to her lips and swallowed.

"Oh shit," she said, gasping in surprise at its strength. She stared at the tap
in amazement, and a few second later she had downed several more glasses full.

"Sex on tap," Moira said in disbelief, putting down the glass and walking out
into the corridor. "How very tame," she muttered, her eyes scanning the pipes
along the roof. The liquid had to come from somewhere...

"Hmm," she said to herself, identifying one of the pipes. A quick glance along
its length picked out a helpful arrow showing its direction of flow.

"Excellent!" she said in a pleased voice, noticing that following the pipe to
its source would take her in the expected direction of the Computers. Her
black-covered feet slapping softly against the steel floor, she hurried off down
the corridor.

Moira had to abandon the pipe several times to avoid discovery. She suspected
that it was totally pointless as there were most likely several dozen cameras
trained on her, but in a station this big there were a lot of cameras to track,
and she could easily remain unnoticed. It would only take one person to raise
the alarm and remove all doubt however, so she stuck to the shadows.

Her journey came to an end when she arrived at a pair of large, armoured doors.
The corridor was dimly lit, and the walls were uncovered, showing nets of cables
and plumbing along their surfaces. High above her head was the pipe she had been
following, about as thick as her body and arrowing directly through the wall
above. Moira however, knew exactly where she was, right outside the computer
core. Although the area had changed, the doors remained the same.

A quick inspection revealed that they were locked, and playing with the controls
produced nothing but frustration.

"Have to make things difficult!" Moira growled at the walls, giving the panel an
angry hit.

She spent some time exploring around the secure area, locating the other doors
that were just as locked. Other than knowing its rough shape, its contents were
a mystery. Moira had little doubt that there were no longer computers in there.

"Perhaps I should blow the doors in?" she wondered out loud, thinking of the
weapons she remembered would be in the Armoury.

She was just about to leave when the sound of footsteps made her jump. A quick
glance around located a maintenance doorway she could slip into out of view. She
waited in the shadows, and watched as a minute later two white-coated men came
walking down the hall pushing a gurney in front of them.

Moira frowned, wondering if it was a hospital. She was wondering why on earth
they had converted the Computer Core to a hospital when she noticed that the
person on the gurney was one of her captured guards. Her frown turned to a
scowl. That guard was hers, how dare they take her!

The armoured doors began to slide open, the sound of motors straining clearly
audible from behind the door she had her back to. The men pushed the gurney
through, and a second later the door started to close again. Not wasting any
time, Moira emerged from her hiding place and hurried over. Peering around, she
waited until the men had disappeared through a doorway, and then slipped
through.

The room she now stood in was square, angular, and painted in harsh silver.
Directly ahead was the way the men had gone, its perfectly straight path ending
in the distance with a door identical to the one behind her. Either side of her
the entrance split off into a corridor, their walls curving inwards until she
couldn't see any further.

She took a deep breath, and nearly choked on the harsh smell of antiseptic
filling the air. Maybe this was a hospital now, she wondered, eyes starting to
water.

Giving each possible direction a considering look, she headed off after the men.



--

Thanks to slavelucy for her help proof-reading

--




Chapter 4 - Innocence



Julie patiently lay out the silken clothes on Susan's bed, inspecting each one
before putting it down. Susan was standing a few steps behind Julie, watching
with an expression somewhere between fascination and terror on her face as each
item was placed on the bed. Unconsciously she crossed her arms protectively in
front of her body, hands clenched into fists.

Satisfied, Julie turned around, her face softening as she looked at Susan.

"What did I tell you before?" she asked, sitting down beside the clothes.
"Relax!" she said, answering her own question.

Susan looked as tense as a board, her face grim as she stared at her feet.

"Come here," Julie said, like she was talking to a child who's just stubbed her
toe.

Susan took a hesitant step forward, and then with a sob almost flung herself
into Julies' arms.

"I don't want to do it!" she cried, hugging Julie tightly. "I want to stay the
way I am... I don't want to... to be a slut, I... I want to be a flower!"

Julie blinked in surprise. What on earth was she talking about?

"A flower...?" Julie repeated softly. Susan nodded, and looked up through her
tears.

"He... he said he was going to... to de...de...deflower m...me!"

"You silly girl," Julie said with a laugh. "He means to take your virginity."

"He... does?" Susan asked, blinking in confusion. "But... I thought I wasn't
anymore..."

Julie leant down to whisper in Susan's ear.

"You are in your behind," she said.

"My..." Susan trailed off with a long, pitiful moan.

"You think being with Trig tonight will make you a slut?" Julie looked at her
friend as she nodded, one hand brushing back her red hair.

"It's... its dirty...and it's not supposed to g...go there!"

Julie leant down again, grinning.

"It is dirty and naughty," she said conspiratorially. "And that's why it's fun!"
Susan's cheeks flushed red, and she looked at Julie incredulously.

"Have you... tried it?" Susan asked, her voice shaking. It was Julies' turn to
blush and look away.

"Um... a few days ago, with Simeon... It was hard, for me, after... with the
gang... and it hurt a little..." Her voice took on an edge of excitement. "But I
felt so full, and helpless, and embarrassed... and then he made me cum with his
fingers..." Julie trailed off, her cheeks burning.

"But you'll be fine," she said suddenly, giving Susan a squeeze. "You've had
lots of stretching, and I'm sure Trig will be very gentle." She leant down close
to Susan's ear. "And I don't think you could ever be a slut; you're just so
innocent and shy!"

Susan giggled amidst her tears, and pulled away from Julie.

"Dry your tears, and then you can strip for me like you do with Trig." Susan
looked sharply at Julie, but lowered her eyes a second later and nodded. Julie
couldn't help smiling at Susan's reaction to her guess.

Susan wiped her eyes, sniffing, and then stood up beside the bed.

"Let's see your tease. Don't think of Mistress Julie... think of being playful
with a friend."

Susan nodded, but she still looked uncertain. Turning around slowly, she began
to swing her hips from side to side. Julie started giggling girlishly almost
straight away, causing Susan to freeze and look sharply at Julie.

She started giggling herself, her previously sad, still tear-streaked face
shining with laughter.

"I always feel so stupid doing this," she confided.

"Go on," Julie encouraged. "You were doing great!"

Susan giggled nervously, and returned to swinging her hips suggestively, thumbs
hooked in her jeans. She changed to rotating her hips around, sticking her butt
out and leaning forwards before straightening up. She bent over again, and
getting a grip on the waistband of her jeans, pulled them down to her feet.

Julie hummed in approval, making Susan stumble as she stepped out of the jeans
and kicked them away.

Running her arms down her bare and slightly spread legs, she shot Julie a
shameful glance from below.

"Stay still," Julie said suddenly, reaching down inside her shirt.

"What?" Susan asked, wobbling slightly. As Julie fished around, she became
acutely aware of how the belt displayed her from this angle. The transparent
plugs left nothing to the imagination; even the tight ring of her anus was
clearly visible, showing the darkness that lay within.

Pulling out the key, Julie leant forward and stuck it into the belt. With a
twist the belt unlocked, metal rods retracting from her piercings. There was a
click as the front and rear separated, and Julie began pulling the belt off,
drawing the butt plug from her rear.

"Oh!" Susan gasped, feeling the ribs that covered its surface pop one by one out
of her body. She squeezed her ankles tightly, pushing the plug out with her
muscles. She sighed once it was gone, feeling empty inside without its presence.

Julie put the belt down on the floor, and looked at Susan.

"Do I have to cuff your wrists?"

Susan shook her head, looking back at Julie from between her legs. Her hair hung
down around her, matching the colour of her cheeks. Her eyes flickered to her
bare, glistening labia, filled with yearning.

"No touching yourself... at all!" Julie stressed the last two words.

Susan nodded again, her eyes silently pleading.

"Keep going," Julie said with a smile, sitting back on the bed.

Susan slid her arms back up her legs, slowing down deliberately as they
approached her sex. She resisted the temptation, and returning her hands to her
hips, resumed her swinging. It was even more erotic now, as every time she bent
over, her pink button flashed at Julie.

Blushing hard, Susan bent over again and pulled off her jumper, dropping it to
the ground in front of her. Now clad in only a tight, white t-shirt, she turned
around and resumed her swaying.

As she moved, her lower lips sliding against each other, she slowly pulled on
the shirt until it was bunched up under her breasts. Her eyes were closed now,
and she seemed to be listening to some silent music. As she slowly turned around
again, she pulled the shirt up, timing it so that Julie got only the barest
glimpse of a nipple.

"That's enough," Julie said, sounding amused. Susan halted and turned around,
crossing her arms self-consciously over her breasts. She began giggling
nervously.

"Come on, let's get you nice and clean," Julie laughed, standing up and taking
Susan by the shoulder.

Julie insisted on running the bath and filling it with plenty of bubbles like
Susan was a child. Susan found it embarrassing at first, but she soon relaxed
and let Julie take over, meekly standing up and turning around as Julie covered
her skin with soap.

"What shall we do with your hair?" Julie mused, pouring shampoo across Susan's
head. Her long, red hair was soon covered with bubbles, as they discussed what
to do.

"What about some cute pig-tails? You could look really young and innocent,
especially if I can find some pink ribbons..."

"I'll look like I'm twelve!" Susan squeaked, finding it hard to be assertive
when she's standing in a bathtub, naked and covered from head to toe in soap.

"That's right!" Julie said brightly. "And with your silky clothes, your collar
and a leash, it'll be perfect!"

"Leash?" she breathed, her eyes going wide. "You're going to make me walk
through the house?!"

Picking up the shower wand, Julie turned the taps on and began to wash the soap
off Susan.

"Close your eyes," she warned, holding it up so the water cascaded off Susan's
head.

"You can sit down now," Julie said, putting down the wand and going to the
cupboard. She pulled out a bottle of something and a strange, bottle-shaped
rubber object with a long, thin, slightly curved plastic head.

Unscrewing the head, she filled it with hot water, and then added the
sweet-smelling liquid from the bottle to it. Turning away from the sink, she
advanced on a slightly nervous Susan.

"Up on all fours, and legs apart," Julie said firmly.

"What are you doing?" Susan asked, her voice trembling even as she moved to
obey.

"Making you smell nice," Julie said, dipping the head in the bath before sliding
it straight up Susan's vagina.

Susan whimpered loudly at the sensation, looking down underneath herself to see.
Julie squeezed the bottle, causing the water to squirt out the whole length of
the head. Susan stiffened and groaned, not prepared for the water which then
poured from her around the head of the douche bottle. Julie continued to squeeze
it until the whole thing was empty.

"How was that?" Julie asked, pulling the plug on the bath. Susan looked
disappointed that the nice, warm water was disappearing down the drain.

"It felt... weird," she admitted, stepping out of the bath and letting Julie dry
her.

Sending Susan back to her room, Julie stepped through the shared bathroom into
her own room. She had been stocking up on her own little accessories, and amidst
the clutter of hair-pins and things her own hair was still too short to wear,
was a few lengths of ribbon. She settled for one pale red and one pale blue, as
there were none the same colour.

"Do we have time for this?" Susan asked as Julie sat down behind her and began
to brush her hair.

"Plenty of time," Julie said. "Nyssa should be here soon to check how things are
going."

"Nyssa knows?" Susan asked, mortified at the news. "Can't I get dressed before
she comes?" She hugged herself, hiding her breasts underneath her arms.

"No," Julie replied firmly, putting down the brush and beginning to separate
Susan's hair.

Susan groaned in dismay, earning herself a sharp tug on the hair in Julies'
hands.

Julie quickly found that she couldn't quite remember the knack of getting the
braids right, despite the practice she and Kate had had on each other. Susan sat
quietly, knowing that getting impatient would only cause more painful tugs. As
the minutes wore on, she found it harder to resist the urge to touch her self,
now that the chastity belt was off. She would have been almost relieved when
Nyssa arrived to help if she hadn't been naked, fingers slowly creeping down
between her legs.

"Having trouble?" Nyssa asked, sitting down beside Julie.

"Yeah," Julie admitted. "I'm trying to do pig-tails." Nyssa began working at the
other side of Susan's head, showing Julie how it was done. It wasn't long before
Susan was sitting on the bed, cheeks burning, with pretty bows in the red braids
that hung down over each shoulder.

Nyssa and Julie helped her dress, pulling on the fine lace gloves that went up
to her shoulders. A garter belt and matching stockings followed, and then the
top they had bought earlier in the day.

"Always put it over the straps for the stockings, or you can't take it off,"
Nyssa advised as Susan pulled the silken g-string up. Its lace front hid
nothing, leaving the delicate cleft between her legs clearly visible.  The final
item was a pair of short, white heels, with straps that went up her ankles.

"You look lovely," Nyssa said, as both the older girls stood back to study their
charge.

Susan blushed, and hung her head in shame. She didn't see Julie pull the collar
from her drawer, or the accompanying cuffs.

"Head up," Julie said, her voice sounding proud.

Susan looked up, and before she could protest, Julie had the transparent,
purple-etched collar locked around her throat. She swallowed, her face filled
with dread. She was getting better at not protesting, and put her hands out
behind her for the cuffs.

As Julie hurried off to her room for the leash, Nyssa used a small makeup kit,
enhancing Susan's already considerable blush. She was just applying a little
lipstick as Julie returned, leash in hand.

"Ready?" Julie asked, clipping the leash to Susan's collar.

Susan shook her head straight away, looking terrified.

"I don't want to ruin your lovely lipstick, but I have a gag if you decide to
reconsider half-way," Julie warned, glancing briefly at Nyssa for approval.

The older Mistress nodded slightly before heading to the door.

"I'll tell Trig," she said in a low tone, and then disappeared with a sound of
running footsteps.

"I'm so nervous," Susan said in the barest whisper once Nyssa was gone. "I know
he's seen me like this before, but... you're all making such a big deal out of
it... and... you're being s...so nice!" She was choking with emotion, her bright
blue eyes glistening with tears.

"Don't cry," Julie said soothingly. "You'll mess up your makeup!" Susan made a
weak attempt to laugh.

"Come on, you know Trig. If he sees you crying before you're even in his room,
you'll spend the night cuddled in his arms." Julie put an arm around her friend
and began to walk towards the door. "That's what we want afterwards, but you
have things to do first, before the cuddling."

Susan made a soft giggle.

"Then all your plans for my... de... deflowering... would go to waste!"

"You'd pay for it tomorrow," Julie said warningly, but Susan could hear the
laughter in her voice.

Taking up the leash, Julie pulled a reluctant Susan out into the hallway. It
took a few seconds for it to really sink in that she was outside her room and
wearing practically nothing, but by then the door was several steps away and
Julie's insistent pull on the leash kept her going forward.

Her nervousness increased dramatically as they approached each corner, wondering
desperately if there was anyone there. She noticed quickly that Julie was taking
the longest way possible, but her short protest only earned a sharp tug on the
leash.

They reached Trigs' door eventually, and Julie paused to give Susan a final
check. The poor girl wanted to die of shame as Julie noticed the dampness
between her legs, betraying her intense arousal.

"Good luck," Julie whispered, opening the door to darkness. Susan was grateful
for her presence then; she knew she would have never been able to open it
herself.

The door closed behind her as Julie left, taking the leash with her.

She stood silently for what seemed like forever, her eyes staring blindly into
the darkness.

"T...Trig?" she called out cautiously. When there was no reply, she took a
hesitant step forward, exploring with the tip of her heel.

"Hello?" she asked, wondering if he was even there. Her eyes were starting to
adapt, and she began to make out shapes...

Suddenly there was movement behind her. Before she had even begun to turn, a
hand was clapped over her mouth, and another around her waist, pulling her close
as she began to struggle.

"Mm-mm!" she screamed, trying to wriggle out of her captors grasp. Her heart was
pounding in her throat, terror burning her veins. He was too big, and strong,
but he smelled familiar...

She didn't falter in her struggles once she realised it was him. Her terror
abated slightly, replaced by indignation. How could he trick her like that!

Kicking and screaming around his hand, she was dragged over to the bed and flung
onto its softness. She let out a gasp, trying to clamber to safety, but he was
on her back, taking hold of her pigtails and pulling her head back painfully.

"AH!" she cried, her mouth opening in time for him to pull the scarf between her
jaws and tie it behind her head. Still holding her pigtails, he used his other
hand to remove her heels, baring her silk-covered feet.

Grabbing her around the waist, he pulled her up into the middle of the bed and
straddled her back, pinning her. She kicked and squealed and tried to roll
around to no avail.

His hands were between her legs then, taking hold of her g-string. He began
pulling on it until she was sure it would break, but it suddenly popped over her
buttocks and he was able to pull it down to her ankles.

She began whimpering softly, feeling terribly vulnerable and exposed. Her cuffed
hands squirmed underneath him, silk gloved fingers probing futilely at the
locks.

His fingers began roughly exploring between her legs, touching her dripping sex.
He stuck one finger into her and rubbed painfully, making her squeal.

"What a slut," he said in a low voice. She could tell it was him, but it didn't
matter anymore. Whoever it was, she was just as helpless.

He caught one of her lazily kicking legs, and a few seconds later had the cuff
closing around her ankle. Susan squealed in fear, and struggled as he tried to
grab her other leg in the darkness. She heard him grunt in pain as her foot made
contact with something, and felt a surge of satisfaction. It was short-lived
though, as soon that ankle was cuffed to the opposite side of the bed.

And then his fingers were back, making her squeal with pain as he rubbed and
pinched her sex.

"You know where sluts get fucked," he said to her. "Not in their dirty, wet
pussies."

Susan sobbed loudly, even as she pushed back for more of his fingers. Despite
the pain, she wanted his touch there. But he had moved up, and was probing at
her delicate little anus. His fingers wet from her sex, he began pushing in,
making her whimper.

"Sluts get fucked in their arses, don't they," he told her, climbing off the
bed.

"Mm-m-mm!" she protested, shaking her head in the darkness.

There was a click, and the bedside lamp turned on. Blinking in the sudden light,
Susan tried to make him out. He was wearing all black, and his face was in
shadow as he looked down at her, hands on his hips.

What made her begin to sob loudly was his cock, standing at attention near her
face. She couldn't take her eyes away as he began covering himself with
lubricant, her heart heavy with the thought of it being in her defenceless
behind.

The light went off a few seconds later, leaving her with the image in her mind.
She couldn't think of anything else as he climbed onto the bed behind her. His
fingers returned to stroking her sex, but he was gentler this time, rubbing her
erect clit as he did so.

With his other hand she felt him part her cheeks, and circle her anus with a
lubricant-covered finger. She tightened reflexively, which only made it hurt
more as his rough finger pushed into her sensitive insides, smearing the
lubricant around before withdrawing.

She gritted her teeth as he climbed on top of her, biting into the scarf pulling
her lips back.

"Ready?" he whispered, concern touching his voice.

Susan moaned, his fingers still working her sex. She was horny, she was scared,
and the lubricant felt cold inside her rear.

"F...k...me," she managed through the gag, and then began sobbing with
humiliation.

He shifted position, one hand taking hold of her pigtails. She felt the slick
warmth of his cock pressing at her entrance, and her sobbing increased. He
tensed.

"MM!" she squealed, as he pushed forwards. He wasn't fast, but the sensation as
the head of his cock popped into her rear frightened her.

Her stretched muscles immediately tensed and tried to push him out. She
continued squealing, pulling on the cuffs around her ankles and trying to get
away from the intruder. He pulled back on her pigtails, forcing her to arch her
back and sink herself down on his cock to relieve the pain on her head. Tears of
shame ran down her cheeks, unseen in the dark.

He pushed deeper into her, sinking slowly into her bowels. Her anus ached with
the stretching, making her grind her teeth and whine. She sighed in relief as he
let go of her hair and reversed direction, pulling out of her.

He gave her a moment to recover, and then he was back in her again, stretching
her wider with each centimetre. But again he pulled out, and she relaxed in his
grasp, releasing the breath she wasn't aware she had been holding.

He shifted position slightly, and then he was forcing his length into her again.
Susan had her eyes shut, and her mouth open around the gag, oblivious to the
saliva collecting on the blanket below. Each hurried breath was a whimper that
made Trig uncertain. Should he stop?

Cautious, he began stroking gently in and out slowly, pushing deeper with each
move of his hips. The sensation of her muscles as they pulsed to reject him was
dizzying. The further he moved, the harder she was squeezing.

Susan grew more and more agitated as he thrust deeper. She still hadn't felt his
hips touch her, and she was desperately trying to work out how much more
remained. The feeling of his cock stretching her wide was like nothing she had
felt before, deeply humiliating even when he wasn't moving. He was in the
process of conquering the last part of her body, and it both excited and
terrified her.

The sudden touch of his fingers on her sex startled her. She whimpered loudly,
and tried to push back for more of the pleasure they promised. At the same
moment he thrust strongly, bringing his hips up against her behind and sinking
his entire length into her.

Susan let out a cry, and pulled on the cuffs, trying to get herself off him. She
felt the most powerful urge to expel his member, but she was helpless until he
decided to withdraw, restrained as she was by the cuffs.

"Please," she whimpered around the gag, torn between trying to escape his cock
and push back on the fingers she felt sure lay just out of reach.

He pushed harder, until the cuffs were cutting into her ankles. Then his fingers
were back, rubbing between her lips. She squirmed in frustration, unable to
grind her sex against him like she wanted so desperately to do. He began to draw
his fingers back as he withdrew from her rear, forcing her to impale herself
again in order to stay in reach of the pleasure she craved.

"Good girl," he whispered, making her sob with shame.

He stopped moving and took his fingers away, making her moan with
disappointment. She was so horny she didn't care where he did her anymore, as
long as she could cum.

"F...k...me!" she growled, trying to pull herself off his cock so she could drop
back down roughly. The sensation made her eyes flash open, and it was all she
could do to not cry out.

As soon as she felt him tense behind her she regretted her actions. She wanted
to die of shame, or be gagged forever so she couldn't ask for anything else
stupid.

"You want to be fucked?" he said, sounding amused.

"Mo! Mo-ph-k ma!" she cried, shaking her head and trying to wriggle off him. He
withdrew from her body, and she choked back her tears, hoping that it was over.

Then he took a good grip on her pig-tails. She began squealing like the animal
they were named after, and a second later he was sinking rapidly into her rear.
She writhed and struggled, her body dripping sweat as he began thrusting hard.

She briefly thought that Julies' description was totally wrong. It barely hurt
at all, thanks to the constant stretching she had been receiving, but she was
totally humiliated. A new butt plug always left her feeling beaten and
submissive, but with every thrust he made her sense of utter defeat deepened.

She was crying tears of shame as her body responded to him. Despite the
discomfort and the battering her insides were receiving, she couldn't help but
feel the twinge in her clit every time he sunk into her again.

He let go of her hair long enough to pull off the black shirt he was wearing,
its surface damp with sweat. His thrusting began to grow more urgent as he took
hold of her hair once again, despite her attempts to avoid it. Her eyes went
wide; he was going to cum in her arse!

"MM!" she squealed, trying to look around and plead with him.

He let go of her hair suddenly, and put both hands on her thighs. Pulling her
down onto him, he thrust strongly and came, shooting deep into her behind. She
felt him shuddering with the strength of his orgasm, and began to cry. It was
over... she was his.

Breathing heavily, he let go of her thighs and fished around behind him on the
table at the foot of the bed, placing the object he collected on the bed beside
them. Susan was sobbing loudly as he put his arms around her and lifted her
upright. The cuffs on her legs forced them wide, leaving her straddling his
knees.

With one hand around her body, he turned on the small vibrator and began running
it over her clit. Susan squealed and squirmed in his grasp, the cock buried in
her rear still hard and erect.

Despite her efforts to get away, he soon had her writhing in orgasm. The way her
anus rippled around his slowly softening cock was almost enough to arouse him
all over again.

He let her lie down again after a minute of holding her, and pulled out of her
rear. Removing the cuffs around her wrists and ankles, he left her in the
darkness and went off to the bathroom.

In the dim light coming from underneath the door, she lay in silence. She
refused to cry, telling herself firmly to be strong. Even when Trig returned and
wiped her clean with some tissues before rubbing cream into her sore rear, she
didn't cry.

Pulling the blanket over them both, he snuggled up and hugged her close.

"Trig..." she choked.

"Quiet," he said tenderly, touching her lips.

"Trig..." she repeated. "We put so much work in...into making me look pretty...
and the lights have been off..."

"You'll look just as pretty in the morning, I'm sure," he said softly, his
fingers brushing over one silk-covered breast.

"But I wanted you to see me!" she cried, blinking back tears despite the
darkness.

"I saw you when you walked in, and when I turned the light on briefly," he tried
to reassure her.

"It's not the same," she told him between the sobs growing deep within her.

Trig sighed, and pushing the blankets aside, he climbed off the bed.

"Lie on your back, and keep your eyes closed," he said firmly, walking to the
light switch.

They both winced as light flooded the room, illuminating Susan lying on the bed.
His eyes adjusting quickly, Trig looked down at her, his own eyes aching.
Despite the tears that had streaked her face, and the slightly messy state of
her hair, she looked adorable. Her fingers shifted uncertainly, interlaced as
they were underneath her soft, silk-covered breasts. Her eyelids moved rapidly
as she tried to guess where he was, her chest rising and falling rapidly.

Picking up her g-string from where it had been discarded, he gently slid it up
her legs. Close up, he saw her entire body was flushed from the orgasm only
minutes ago, glowing with happiness. He turned off the light then, and climbed
back in bed with her. She was more than willing to snuggle back into his arms
now.

Her eyes closed slowly, squeezing out the tears which had been growing there.
She had been afraid, but his gentle touch and approval of her appearance made
her happy.

She slid into dreams filled with his scent.



--

Big thanks to slavelucy for proofreading this

--




Chapter 5 - Betrayal



Humming happily to herself, Julie stepped into the bath and turned the cold tap,
looking up absently at the shower-head above. As usual, freezing water burst
from the pipes and caught her in the face, making her squeal girlishly in shock.
Hurriedly she stepped out of the flow, gasping as she fumbled for the hot tap.

"Stupid," she chastised herself once steam was rising from the bottom of the
bath. "Stop dreaming about Susan, and concentrate!"

Pulling the translucent shower-curtain across the railing, she stepped under the
now pleasantly warm flow and resumed her humming. Letting the water run over her
naked form, she slowly turned around, letting its gentle caress warm her cold
skin.

Her thoughts drifted back to Susan as she picked up the soap and began lathering
it up in her hands. If all was going to plan, Trig would be buried deep in the
young girls behind about now. She felt a little sorry for Susan, as she was
almost certain she wouldn't enjoy it, but at the same time she was envious. For
such a small girl like Susan, and with Trigs considerable size, she would be
very well-filled. It wasn't that Simeon didn't satisfy her more than enough,
but...

The sound of something creaking in her bedroom interrupted her thoughts.
Frowning, she pushed back the curtain and looked through the partially open
doorway.

When the only sound she could hear was the drumming of the water against her
backside and the bottom of the bath, she replaced the curtain and raised her
hands to her head again....

"Shit!" Julie yelled, pulling her soapy hands from her short, black hair.
"Concentrate on what you're doing!" Feeling both horny and tremendously stupid,
Julie stuck her head fully under the shower and washed the soap and associated
bubbles from her hair.

"Now it'll be all dry for the next few days," she muttered angrily, replacing
the soap on her hands with shampoo.

Lathering her hair with the correct substance this time, Julie's thoughts
drifted again. She wondered what Simeon would do if she dressed up in sexy
lingerie like Susan, and offered herself for a strong butt-reaming. All the
preparations with Susan had gotten her feeling very dominant... she wondered if
it would do her emotions a little good to be reminded of her place.

Placing her head underneath the shower, she shut her eyes and let it wash away
the soap. Her thoughts already sliding towards sex, her soapy hands drifted
downwards also, parting her lips to circle her growing clit.

"Mm," she purred, sticking her tongue out to lap at the water. Her legs parted
slightly, fingers becoming bolder in their exploration of her petals...

"Julie," a familiar male voice said from the doorway.

Her eyes sprung open in surprise, promptly filling them with soapy water.

"Shit! OUCH!" she cried, pulling her hands from between her legs to wash the
soap from them. A second under the nozzle was long enough, and then she was
furiously rubbing her stinging eyes.

"Julie!" he exclaimed, bursting into the bathroom and pulling the curtain back.

"DAD!" she squealed, blindly flailing at the curtain to protect her modesty.
"I'm in the shower here!"

"Sorry, sorry," Seth repeated, backing away to the doorway.

"Don't you ever knock?" she asked hotly, starting to see again.

"I haven't seen my daughter for 18 years, and she gets angry when I walk in on
her in the shower!"

"You saw me three days ago Dad, and that's no excuse for getting a good look at
my butt!"

"At least now I know my daughter has a little more than her mothers' nose!" he
said slyly.

"Dad!" she exclaimed, blushing profusely. She heard him laughing, and groaned
loudly.

"Hasn't your Nyssa taught you anything useful; girls don't get much privacy
where I come from."

"If you hadn't noticed, you're on Earth, and we don't have glass shower-blocks
here," Julie told him firmly, double-checking she was lathering her hair with
conditioner.

"Oh, so that's why they all started squealing when I walked in!"

"You're terrible!" Julie called, giggling. A glass shower-block would be nice,
she thought; if only to see Susan's reaction to it.

"I didn't come for a social visit though," he said, becoming serious.

"Oh?" she said, washing her hair of the conditioner.

"Yeah... I heard about what happened today. You need to be a lot more careful."

"Oh Dad, come on. I'm a big girl; I don't need any more warnings than Susan
being unconscious for the afternoon."

"I mean it Julie. I don't want to alarm you or anything, but... just be careful,
alright? I don't know if it was just a one-off today, and I want you to be
safe!"

"I'll be careful. I'll check under my bed once I get out of the shower, okay?"

"This is serious!" Seth said worriedly, resisting the urge to step into the
bathroom again.

"I know, I'll be careful, alright?" Julie replied in an exasperated tone. "Don't
trust anyone, check under my bathmat, I'll be fine!"

"I know you will," Seth told her, but he didn't sound too convinced. "Just...
never mind."

He fell silent for a moment, during which Julie turned off the shower taps.

"Pull your disappearing trick," Julie called, pausing behind the curtain.
"You've seen enough of my skin for one visit already."

"Yes Miss," he said, sounding amused. "You sure you don't want a kiss?" he
added, pushing the door open a little more.

"Dad!" she protested, leaning into the protection of the curtain.

"Okay, I'll go. Take care, Julie."

"Yes Dad," she said, rolling her eyes. A second later, she was certain he was
gone.



Her hair still a little damp from the shower, Julie discarded her towel and
walked naked out of the bathroom, collecting her flimsy, pale pink night-gown
from the bed. She sighed as it slid over her form, falling to hang half-way down
her thighs. Turning off the main bedroom light, she flung herself at her bed
with false joviality.

Stretching out lazily on her back, she wriggled around a little on the soft
mattress until she was comfortable. The lamp beside her bed cast dim shadows
over her form, barely illuminating the dark bulk of the blankets pushed up
against the wall.

Letting her eyes close slightly, she thought back over the day gone by. Another
action-filled day in the life of Julie, she thought wryly, recalling the
incident in the cafe.

She slowly became aware of how cold it was outside the hot, steaminess of the
bathroom. Annoyed at having to interrupt her thoughts, she twisted and pulls the
blankets over herself.

Settling down underneath their protection, she let her eyes close again, staring
into the soft redness filtering through from the lamp. She wasn't worried about
the girl at the store, or what was happening to Susan only a few dozen metres
away. She was worried about the events at the cafe, and what the police had told
her.

The first thing that had surprised her was that they believed Susan had been the
target. They had no idea about any second dart, and she had to wonder whether
she had dreamed the sound of it flashing past her head. The other people in the
cafe had been too busy running away to notice the attacker reloading, or where
he had gone afterwards.

But what confused her most was the attack itself... why had they chosen a public
place to make their attempt? Why couldn't they have gotten her in the car-park,
or a million other less busy places? It would have been much easier to capture
her if there weren't people around, unless...

Had they meant for it to be public... had he deliberately missed and hit Susan,
just to scare her? There was so many questions that she didn't have answers to.

She shivered again, huddling deeper into her blankets warmth. Whoever it had
been, he was still out there.

There was a gentle knock on her door, making her sit up.

"Hello?" she called out, wondering who it was.

The knock was repeated, a little more insistent this time. Frowning, Julie
climbed out of bed and pulled on her dressing gown, cringing at the cold.

"I'm coming," she said loudly, tightening it around her as she walked to the
door.

"Yes?" she asked, opening it.

"Hi, Julie," said the blonde-haired man, smiling at her. Julie blinked.

"What are you doing here?!" she exclaimed, taken aback.

"I came to return your purse," he said, smoothly walking past her into the
bedroom. "I like your place," he remarked, looking around.

"My purse..." Julie prompted, still standing by the doorway. She wanted him out
as fast as she could, even though leaving the door open was letting in the cold.

"Oh, yes," he said, as if he had forgotten. Fishing around in a pocket, he
pulled the leather object out and offered it to her.

"Thanks..." Julie said distractedly, looking around. It wasn't cold outside her
room, it was warmer!

Frowning, she left the open door and reached over her bed to pull the curtain
back. Sure enough, the window was partly open.

"Damn it," she muttered. "No wonder I was freezing in here." She pulled the
window shut, cutting off the flow of cold, night air.

"Sorry to bother you so late," he said apologetically over one shoulder as he
studied her wardrobe. "I'm heading out early in the morning, and this was my
only chance."

"Who let you in so late?" Julie asked, a little suspicious. She didn't give much
thought to why she disliked him so much when he was nothing but polite. He had
come all this way to give her purse back, after all.

"Oh, one of those servants," he said offhandedly, running his fingers over the
door of the wardrobe. "This is a lovely colour!" he said, sounding impressed by
the varnished wood. He put his hand on the doorhandle, and just as Julie was
about to object to him peeking at her collection of kinky outfits, the door
flung open and a black figure burst out, throwing him to the carpet.

"Julie!" the blonde-haired man cried out, struggling to his feet as the
black-covered man levelled a weapon at the stunned girl.

With a strong tug on their assailants' leg, the blonde-haired man overbalanced
him and sent him toppling to the ground. The man grunted as he hit the carpet
and kicked back, catching Julies' would-be protector on the back of the head.

"W...what..." Julie stammered, backing up on the bed as their attacker climbed
to his feet and approached her.

"How..." Julie breathed, and glanced sideways at the open window. He must have
come in when she was having her shower... and she had lain her clothes out
beforehand... she hadn't looked in the wardrobe!

"Lights out," the man said triumphantly through the balaclava covering his face,
and raised the gun again.

In a shower of panties and socks, the blonde-haired man brought one of the
drawers from the wardrobe down on her attacker, sending him crashing unconscious
to the ground.

"Are you... okay?" the blonde-haired man asked, panting slightly from exertion.
Julie took a moment for her heart to calm down, and then burst into tears.

"Hey!" he exclaimed, coming over to sit on the bed. Sobbing, Julie crawled into
his arms and buried her face in his shoulder.

"Why..." she choked, squeezing him tightly. He remained silent, and after a few
seconds, Julie pulled away from him, swallowing her tears.

"Sorry," she said, making an attempt to laugh. "It's not very dominant of me, is
it?"

"It's very girly of you though," he said, smiling. Julie made another attempt to
laugh, but it came out more like a sob.

"Lucky I left my purse behind," she said, trying to smile. "You have a habit of
saving me."

"Right place, I guess," he said dismissively. "Do I get a hug this time?" He
grinned playfully.

Julie rolled her eyes. "Fine, but don't tell Simeon," she muttered, leaning over
to embrace him.

"Do I get a name?" she asked in his ear.

"Julian," he replied, sliding his arms around her. Hidden behind her back, his
fingers plucked a small, pointed metal spike from within his sleeve, and pressed
it through Julies' clothes.

She barely moved as he withdrew the fine tip from her back, assuming it was
something in her dressing gown catching her skin.

He held her close for a few more seconds to make sure she hadn't noticed, and
then let go of her. She pulled back, looking at him.

"You should probably go," she advised. "I'll go get someone to deal with this
guy... before he wakes."

She paused imperceptibly to blink, but Julian noticed it.

"But I have somewhere to be in the morning," he said sadly. Blinking again,
Julie frowned in confusion.

"What?" she asked, her head tilting slightly.

"You're a nice girl, Julie," he said with a smile. Julie frowned for a few more
seconds, and then smiled.

"Thanks," she said, sounding happy. She watched as Julian got up and went to her
wardrobe, stepping over the undergarments scattered across the floor. He reached
into the wardrobe, and pulled out a thick collar.

"Hey..." Julie began, blinking heavily. "You... shouldn't... be looking... in
there!"

"Oh, but this collar is mine," Julian told her, sitting down on the bed again.
Julie looked down at it in confusion, her head swaying forwards. It was hard to
concentrate, but she noticed the clear sections along its sides, and the gentle
motion of the liquid stored inside.

"It's for you," he said soothingly. "Want to try it on?"

"Mm... try it on..." Julie said, trying to hold herself upright. There was
something wrong...

"Good girl," he said, pushing her hair back and sliding the collar around her
throat. Julian positioned it properly, and then closed it.

"Tight..." Julie said, looking down at his hands. So fine and delicate, she
found herself thinking. She barely felt the needles inside the collar slide into
her soft throat, releasing more drugs into her system.

Such small hands, she thought, watching the world tilt as she fell back onto the
bed. Like a thief...

Her unfocused eyes widened briefly as she realised what had happened. She had
had her purse at the hospital... but Julian left before she did... he couldn't
have picked it up...

Fighting to put the pieces together amidst the drugs rapidly dragging her mind
into darkness, Julie felt her eyes close. He had brushed past her on his way
out... he had stolen her purse...



"Is she out?" the man in the balaclava asked, standing up and rubbing his head.

"Yeah, she'll sleep like a baby for a few hours," Julian said, standing over the
unconscious Julie.

"You're sure it's her?" the man asked, picking up his gun.

Julian undid the ties on Julies' gown and ran his hand across her belly button.
The black marking was clearly visible through her night-gown, and a few
centimetres above was the bulge of her necklace

"Yeah, it's her. Moira unwittingly gave us all the right information." He
chuckled softly.

"They sabotaged the security system again," his companion said in an annoyed
tone. "We have no idea where she is in the station."

"It doesn't matter, she won't get into the facility," he muttered, putting an
arm around Julie and lifting her upright. She moaned softly, but her eyes
remained closed.

Without another word, they walked out, the lamp faithfully providing light to an
empty room.



Moira made her way cautiously down the white corridor, checking each door as she
passed it. They were all protected by keypads, and she had no idea of what the
codes were. She quickly found herself at the other end, and no wiser as to what
was behind any of the many rooms.

"Fine then," she said, positioning herself outside the doorway she thought the
two men had gone into. They had to come out eventually, and she would be
waiting.

But as the minutes dragged on in silence with no-one emerging, she grew
impatient. Cursing under her breath, she straightened from leaning on the wall
and started to walk away. As she did, the door slid open behind her.

Moira stiffened and turned, her gun raised to silence the expected cry of
discovery. But the white-coated man who emerged was absorbed in a clipboard,
thumbing through the many pieces of paper on it. Oblivious to her presence, he
headed off in the opposite direction. Moira didn't waste any time recovering
from her surprise; she was lunging through the door before it had a chance to
close.

The second white-coated man didn't have time to sound the alarm as Moira's fist
flashed out, catching him square in the nose.

"Ah!" He let out a nasal cry and staggered back from the door as it hissed shut,
hands protectively covering his face.

"What are you doing?!" he exclaimed painfully, blood appearing between his
fingers.

"That's for taking my guard," Moira said smartly, surveying the room with
quickly widening eyes. It wasn't the silver steel table where her semi-naked
guard lay, or the vaguely familiar instruments and objects on the trolley beside
it that made her throat tighten, it was what lay through the window that filled
the far side of the sterile white room.

A small part of her awareness keeping track of her slowly recovering companion,
Moira approached the window, her eyes exploring the large, open area that lay
below. So this is what he was doing...

Trying to control her rising disquiet, Moira turned away from the window.
Casting her eyes across the nearby trolley's contents, she selected a syringe
and filled it with what she hoped was a sufficiently powerful sedative.

"What are you doing?" the man stammered, lowering his hands slightly and backing
away. He twitched his nose slightly, the skin rippling slightly as the cartilage
underneath shifted.

In the blink of an eye, Moira had a grip on his coat and was sinking the syringe
into his neck. He struggled hard against her and pushed her away, causing her to
knock the trolley over. The confusion in his red eyes was gone now, replaced by
anger.

"You bitch," he spat, clutching at his neck and swaying slightly. Moira tilted
her head, as if acknowledging a compliment.

"It's about time you acted Dominant," Moira said in disgust, watching
dispassionately as his eye lids became heavy and he slumped to the ground.

She leant over him to check he was out, before turning to where her guard lay
flat on her back. Her eyes were closed, and her chest was rising and falling
regularly, as if she was sleeping.

Moira felt a chill as she studied what the guard was now wearing. At any other
time, the sight of the tight straps encircling her lithe form would have brought
a sadistic smile to her face, but she knew vaguely what lay in store for the
girl, and it scared her. Placing one hand on the girls' bare throat, she poured
herself into the girl. It would ruin all her carefully done reprogramming, but
there wasn't time to be delicate.

The girls' eyes flew open and she convulsed in shock. A second later she let out
a loud gasp, and sat up on the table.

"What the..." she began, her look changing between Moira's expression and the
outfit she was wearing.

It was made of thick, red rubber, several centimetres thick, and its separate
pieces encircled her body from her ankles to her neck. Each segment was wide as
well, and she let herself be thankful that one of them hugged her breasts,
covering her modesty somewhat.

The man breathing heavily on the floor had been in the process of adding the
straps that joined the separate parts. She could feel them running up her back,
but there was currently only one down her front, starting at her neck and
running down between her breasts to the band surrounding her waist. She felt her
face warm as she realised her naked labia were brushing against the cold steel
of the table; the straps afforded her no protection there.

"What are you doing to me?" the shocked girl demanded of Moira, jumping off the
opposite side of the table and looking for an exit.

"I'm doing nothing," Moira said irritably. She pointed to the window, and
stepped back to allow her room.

The girl stopped trying to work out how to get past Moira, and glanced in the
direction indicated. Her jaw dropped.

Silently, she padded closer to the window and placed her forehead against the
glass. Her breath caused a little circle of fog to appear on the cool surface,
but she didn't notice. She was too busy staring into the glass cylinders that
were arrange in a neat grid across the circular floor below, each one containing
the limp, pale pink form of a captive female.

She glanced down at her outfit, and then back at the cylinders. Where hers was
incomplete, each cylinders' occupants' outfit was not. They all wore a thick
mask that hid their face, and each of the identical red straps around them was
festooned with tubes that disappeared into the floor of the cylinder. Their hair
floated limply around their heads, evidence of the slowly circulating water that
filled each one of the cramped prisons.

"Are they awake?" she breathed, almost unwilling to believe her eyes. There were
hundreds of them, and she could only see a couple that were unoccupied...

"I don't think so," Moira said. "He had only begun to think of this when I left.
Believe me when I say I doubt this is the extent of it."

The girl rounded on Moira, her eyes cold.

"What do you want me for? Are you just teasing me, so you can laugh all the
harder as your goons put me in one of those... those things!?" She stressed the
word as her eyes flickered to the window behind her.

"I spent the last few weeks re-educating you, and I blew it all in one second.
Do you think I'm playing games?" Moira asked dangerously. "I know this place, I
know how big this area was, and I have little doubt that most of it has been
reassigned to what is outside that window or worse."

"Why are you helping me then?" the girl asked suspiciously. "Why not do...
whatever it is you did to him..." She gestured at the man on the floor. "Why not
drug me and get out of here!"

Moira took a deep breath to calm her self. This was not the time to get angry.

"Because," she said in a tone that was so smooth it could cut diamond. "I
underestimated this whole situation, and I need your help."



Susan paused outside the door, feeling guilty. She didn't like leaving Trig in
the middle of the night, but the urge to be with Julie was growing stronger with
every moment. She needed to be with her, to feel her touch on her skin, to taste
her...

Susan shook her head, her cheeks heating despite being alone. But the images
were still there, lurking in her mind and urging her onwards. She sighed deeply
and hurried off through the cold, silent house, not wanting to get caught in her
present outfit of lace and silk.

This always happened at the worst times, when her body would start reminding her
that she was owned by Julie. She was annoyed that it had to happen now of all
times, but the days events had taken a toll on her inherited abilities. Nyssa
had tried explaining it to both of them that she would slowly gain lesser
versions of Julies' abilities, and Susan had tried her hardest to understand.
Her lack of education had been a problem though, and in the end she had settled
with the explanation that whenever her body tried to fix itself or she exerted
herself, she used up her share of Julie and needed to 'refill'.

Getting knocked out for the afternoon and sleeping with Trig was just enough to
cause the longing she was feeling now, and she knew from experience that
ignoring it would leave her with nothing but a bad night's sleep.

She rounded the corner that led to Julies' room, and frowned at the open door.

"Julie?" she called, her feet padding against the carpet as she approached.

"Julie?" she repeated, looking into the empty room. It took a moment to register
the broken drawer and its contents spread across the floor.

"What..." she stammered, stepping back from the doorway. Her heart-rate jumped,
and she began to sweat.

She spun to run back down the hall, and saw something move. Then the world
exploded into stars, pain slamming into her head. She barely had a chance to
feel the bump rising on her temple before unconsciousness claimed her.



--

Really big thanks to the lovely slavelucy for her assistance with the story.

--




Chapter 6 - Friends Forever



Susan was the first to return to consciousness, her eyes opening to the gloomy
rear of a van speeding down a dark road. Her head rang where it had been bumping
against the hard steel floor, overlaid with the throbbing ache of the punch that
had knocked her out originally.

She sat up and instantly cried out at the pain that bloomed within her skull.
Trying not to lie back down was a real effort as the world spun around her, but
she knew she had to stay upright to have any chance of escape.

The constantly moving van didn't help Susan's recovery in the slightest, but she
was able to see enough to find Julie, lying beside her on the floor. Her friend
was still unconscious, the collar around her throat ringing against the steel
floor.

"J...Julie," Susan whimpered, cradling the older girls' head. She was reassured
that she could feel Julie breathing still, but there was no other response.

Terror rose in her throat, making it hard to breathe. Where were they taking
her? What had they done to Julie? She looked up, and through the darkness saw
the two shadows in the front of the van, visible through the small window into
the cabin. There was a moment of illumination as a car approached, but Susan
barely got a glimpse before the light sent knives through her mind, forcing her
to look away. There was a whoosh as the car passed them, and then it was gone.

The van started to slow, the brakes whining underneath the floor. Susan
whimpered, feeling around in the darkness. Was there a door... maybe she could
jump out if when they stopped... but before she could pull together enough of
her thoughts, they were off the main road.

The front wheels hit the dirt hard, making the whole van jolt violently. Susan
cried out in shock, abandoning her efforts to hold tightly onto Julie. Seconds
later they passed the pot-holes and the van began to pick up speed down the now
dirt road.

Their journey didn't go on for long though, as a few minutes later the van
slowed, the fine gravel of the road crackling under the tyres. "Julie..." Susan
whispered urgently, shaking her friend. "Wake up... we need to run! Please...
wake up!" Her voice was growing in hysteria, urged on by the continued slowing
of the van. They were simply rolling now, and the light in the back was growing
as it reflected off the wall of the building they approached.

When Julie remained unconscious, Susan got a better grip on her friend and began
to drag her to the back of the van, sobbing loudly. She fumbled for a
door-handle as the van stopped. She felt the van tilt as their captors climbed
out, and whimpered. There has to be some way out, she thought desperately,
listening to the approaching sounds of boots on gravel.

Her search proved fruitless, as the doors of the van suddenly swung open. Susan
recoiled from the torchlight that was shone in her face, giving the silent man a
chance to drag her from the van by the arm.

"No!" she cried, feeling Julie slip from her grasp. She tried her best to
struggle against his hold, kicking and screaming, but the rising pounding in her
head quickly overwhelmed her and she slipped into darkness again.



The air still tingled with electricity as the gantry began to push forward into
the now stable portal, long silent machines whining with the effort. Due to the
distance it had to travel, the portal was long and uncomfortably thin; scant
metres in diameter and several hundred to the other end. The power requirements
to create the portal were already hideously large, and changing its dimensions
would only increase them further.

"I'll take this one," the black-clothed man said, picking up Susan by the legs
and slinging her over his shoulder. She let out a soft moan as he did, arms
bouncing limply behind her back as gravity tried to pull them against the rope
that held them tight. Her eyes opened slowly, but the blood rushing to her
injured head was enough to send her into oblivion again.

Julian merely rolled his eyes at the display of strength, and crouched down to
pick up Julie. With the young Dominant over his own shoulder, he stepped out
onto the still moving gantry and let it carry him into the portal.

"Hurry up, I don't trust this stuff," he growled at his companion, looking over
his shoulder at the dark machinery that created and maintained the portal. It
had been there for many years, and he was slightly surprised that it still
worked.

"Whatever," the black-clothed man muttered, stepping out onto the gantry
himself. He warily eyed the slightly shifting reflectivity of the portals
inside, taking cautious steps along the gantry as he did so. The slight shifts
in gravity as he moved made him nervous; the smooth, reflective walls were
deceptively deadly and he had no intentions of falling.

He let out a sigh of relief as he stepped off the gantry to the other side, the
solid floor of the space station much more reassuring than the shaky security of
the gantry. A switch on the end started the gantry retracting, the automated
systems waiting patiently for their time to close the portal.

"What do we do with her?" he asked, casually dumping Susan on the floor.



Susan returned to full consciousness with a snap that brought tears to her eyes.
The pain she had been avoiding was gone now, replaced by a dull ache in her arm.

Blinking in the harsh light, she tried to look around. It took a moment for her
to put together the pressure on her head and her inability to move. The tight
metal plates pinning her either side of her chin, across her forehead and behind
her head prevented anything more than the slightest motion.

"Wake up," the girl standing in front of her said, smiling. Unable to open her
jaw to speak, Susan could do nothing but moan and look at the girl. There was
something wrong with her... her smile seemed impossibly false.

She felt the cool grip of the steel all over her body, holding her immobile.
Glancing down over her nose, she could just see the silver bands above her
knees. It was like sitting in a chair, except it had no padding at all, and her
butt was hanging naked in the air. She blushed, realising her breasts were on
full display.

She felt a touch of pain in her arm as something was tugged free, and got a
brief glimpse of the empty syringe in the girls hand before it was out of view.

"Good girl," the girl encouraged hollowly, patting Susan on the cheek. Susan
stared fearfully at her, eyeing the tight, form-fitting clothes the girl was
wearing. Her arms were bare to the shoulder, the black garment reaching from her
neck down out of Susan's view.

"We'll just take care of a few things first, and then begin your treatment," the
girl informed Susan, reaching down for something.

The 16-year-old whimpered fearfully as the chair began to change, lowering her
into a reclining position. Her view was further restricted now, the band that
passed across her forehead came down beside her eyes, giving her nothing to look
at but the roof above.

Her throat tightened with fear as her legs were separated and drawn up by the
chair, exposing her intimate areas to the room and stretching them wide. She
could hear the other people there, but so far, only the girl had spoken.

"Please," Susan whimpered, her tongue probing against the prison of her jaw.

She let out a cry as something pricked her behind, right in the sensitive skin
of her pink anus.

"Just something to relax the muscle," the girl explained. Susan clenched her
rear immediately, but the girl wasn't lying as it grew harder and harder to
maintain.

"Okay," said a male voice softly. Susan began sobbing as she felt fingers
probing at her entrance, coating it with lubricant. She hated not being able to
see them... she needed to know what was coming!

"Try to relax," the girl suggested, as something large and hard touched Susan's
rear. It pushed strongly, slipping easily past her defences and burrowing into
the depths of her behind.

Susan's whole body went red with humiliation as it stretched her wide, made
worse by her lack of any way to defend herself. She couldn't even squeeze it to
try and slow its progress into her bowels.

"Good girl," the girl said soothingly, and inflated the intruder until Susan's
jaw was tight with pain.

 The warm water that burst from its end wasn't unexpected, but she groaned
anyway at the new violation.

"There we go," the girl said, patting Susan's belly. "Just one more thing..."

Susan squealed indignantly as the catheter was inserted and her bladder drained.
The hateful rubber tube was left there until Susan had received, and expelled
the entire enema. She had no choice but to do so into the unseen receptacle, as
she couldn't clench against the pressure of the water.

"Now," the girl said coolly, leaning over to look into Susan's wide, blue eyes.
"I think I might fuck this dirty little whore before we start."

"No!" Susan cried, trying to follow the girl as she disappeared from view.
"Please!" The chair began lowering itself, bringing the faces of the people
around her into view. She blinked back tears, looking up into their lustful
gazes.

"I think this one is perfect," the girl said absently, coming into view again
between Susan's legs as she affixed the black strap-on around her waist. Drawing
the crotch-strap up between her legs, she shivered in pleasure as the internal
dildo slid into her sex.

After giving the straps a final tightening she leant forwards, placing one hand
on her shoulder and the hard tip of the strap-on against her splayed sex. Susan
began sobbing loudly as she looked up at the girls still smiling face; she was
going to be raped!

The girl began to push her hips forward, forcing the dildo into Susan. The
teenager shut her eyes and held her breath to prevent herself from squealing,
her mind focused on every centimetre of the fat, ribbed length burrowing
painfully into her body.

"If you cum before me, little whore, you can go free," the girl said, pulling
her hips back and drawing the dildo out. Her eyes glazed over briefly with
pleasure, and she moaned over Susan's whimpering. She had to enjoy it to go
free?

With the other end of the dildo buried deep in her own sex, the girl began
thrusting eagerly, driving the hard rubber deep into Susan's pussy. The chair
shook with the violence of each stroke, both girls' breasts bouncing wildly.

I have to enjoy it, Susan told herself pitifully, shutting her eyes. Trying to
imagine it was Julie punishing her with the strap-on, she squeezed the rubber
intruder as hard as she could, making the other girl work to pull it from her
sex. Her days spent in the vibrating chastity belt had been exhausting, but she
still had the muscles, and it was only a few minutes before she was panting
heavily though her teeth.

"You're... strong," the girl gasped, ramming the dildo into Susan before pulling
back as hard as she could.

Susan gasped, and strained against the steel bonds. As much as she hated it, it
felt good, and she was trying her best to enjoy it. She had to cum... she needed
to cum!

She squealed and opened her eyes as the girl attacked one of her nipples,
painfully twisting the blood-filled flesh. The girl was looking down at her, as
were all the other people. She was getting fucked by a girl in front of others!

"Cum for me, slut," the girl whispered, twisting Susan's other nipple and
grinding their hips together.

Susan's eyes went unfocused as she came, her body shaking with pleasure. Tears
of shame and relief ran down her cheeks... she had done it, she would be free!

"Good slut," the girl said, drawing the dripping dildo from Susan's body. Susan
shut her eyes, her mind bathed in happiness.

"But you're too slow... I came at least twice then!" Susan's eyes remained shut
and she was unwilling to breathe for a moment. What had she just said?

"I'd help you cum a few more times," the girl said as the chair returned to
normal height. "But you took so long, there's not enough time."

The girl raised the now free strap-on and rubbed the end that had been in her
body over Susan's mouth.

"We'll start your treatment now."



Julie awoke suddenly, her violet eyes springing open. She had been in her
room... then he had been there... Her eyes grew cold as the memories returned.
He had drugged her, and put something around her neck...

She was lying on the floor, its cold, metal surface stealing warmth from her
naked body. She tried to raise her arms to inspect the collar she could feel,
and found them bound behind her back. The rope dug into her wrists painfully as
she strained against them, but whoever had tied her had done it properly.

"What's going on?" Julie demanded, squirming into a sitting position. The room
was cold and sterile, the strong smell of antiseptic bringing back memories of
Moira's doctors office. The closest wall had a few seats distributed along its
length, but apart from those it was plain, dull metal.

"You're awake," said Julian from behind her. She jumped and turned around,
finding him standing over her.

"You bastard," she breathed, glaring up at her. "The whole thing was yours."

"We couldn't have you getting alarmed, now, could we?" Julian said
patronisingly. "We needed to get close, and have you trusting me right until you
fell asleep."

Her heart skipped a beat as she realised what the collar was. Did it have the
same drug Moira had been using on her, locking away her abilities?

"Where's Susan?" she asked angrily, trying to clear her head. Nyssa had been
teaching her this... if she could concentrate hard enough...

"Susan's getting her treatment," Julian explained, smiling in a way that made
Julies' heart sink.

"Leave her alone!" Julie shouted, hiding her rising fear with anger. What were
they doing to her?

"Now that you're awake, you can have a turn!"

"Me..." Julie breathed, blinking back tears. She turned rapidly at the sound of
the door opening behind her, its heavy steel sliding back into the wall.

"Oh fuck," she choked, trying to worm away from the two men in lab-coats that
entered the room. She had to get away... she had to help Susan! Her attempts
were pointless, as they roughly lifted her to her feet and carried her towards
the door.

"Let me go," she pleaded, trying to jerk her self out of their vice-like grasp.
One of them glanced at her, confirming her fears with his red eyes. They were
both Dominants.

The antiseptic smell was stronger as they carried her into the corridor beyond.
For a moment Julie was too caught up in trying to escape, but the sound-proof
windows to her right caught her eye, and she froze in horror. She only briefly
took in the numerous glass cabinets and shelves covering the walls of the room
beyond, and the several other people in there.

"Susan!" Julie screamed, straining against the rope. Her friend was wide-eyed
and naked, her soft pink form in the grip of something resembling a dentist's
chair, if it was made of nothing more than steel... They had been unable to
remove the collar Susan still wore, its purple tracing visible around her
throat, muscles straining visibly against the metal pinning her head.

For a moment, Julie was too caught up to struggle, her eyes locked intently on
the scene before her. The calmly watching people in the room were all dressed in
the same plain white coats, except for one girl, a blonde-haired beauty who wore
a tight, black outfit that clung to her from the base of her neck to part-way
down her thighs, leaving her arms bare.

Julie's eyes flickered to a glint in her hands, but quickly returned her focus
to Susan, her throat tightening at the increasingly obvious terror on her
friends face. The blonde held a curved device up to the back of Susan's head,
and as Julie watched, she pulled back Susan's hair and placed it flush against
her skin. The device seemed to stick where it was placed, reaching from the top
of her head to the base of her skull, splitting apart there to form a
half-collar.

"What are you doing to her?" Julie screamed at the windows, surging against the
men as the girl let go of Susan's hair. The struggled to hold her, and ended up
banging against the glass in their efforts.

Julie froze as Susan made eye-contact, and her eyes filled with tears at the
hopelessness she saw. Susan soundlessly mouthed something, but before she could
complete it, her whole body went rigid.

"SUSAN!" Julie screamed, unable to look away as Susan's whole body shook, her
skin glistening with sweat. They were hurting Susan!

"STOP IT!" she screamed, her arm muscles straining to break the rope. With every
rapid thump of her heart, pain lanced through her throat, but she didn't care.
She had to help!

"Shit," one of the men grunted, his eyes looking nervously around them. The air
was growing thick, and the windows were beginning to vibrate. "Increase her
dosage!"

"Any more could kill her!" Julian hissed, grabbing Julie from behind and helping
them pull her down the hall.

"She's going to kill us!" the man retorted anxiously, his hands itching to reach
for the collar.

"LET GO!" Julie screamed at them, leaning to the window.

Her veins burned with the drugs, but she was so close now! The closest windows
disappeared in a cloud of little granules that rained down on the floor, unable
to take the force pouring from her mind. The men in the room beyond turned
around sharply, looking worried.

"It's almost over," Julie heard the girl say to Susan. Julie was more concerned
by the lack of sound from Susan; despite her obvious pain she was totally
silent.

It was so sudden that Julie didn't have a chance to blink. One moment Susan was
straining against her bonds, and the next she was totally still.

"Susan..." Julie breathed, halting in her struggles.

She stared silently, watching as the blonde girl frowned in obvious
disappointment. She got a last glimpse of Susan's soft, beautiful form, the
blonde bending over her and calmly closing her blankly staring eyes with one
hand. Then the door cut off her view as it slammed shut.



The next few minutes passed in a daze for Julie. She didn't want to believe what
she had witnessed, she couldn't believe it. It couldn't be right... they
couldn't be!

"Worried you'll end up like your friend?" Julian asked, smiling sadistically
down at her. Julie glared back at him with pure hate and strained against the
cuffs holding her immobile. She was in an identical chair to the one that
Susan.... She couldn't think it.

"Don't though, you're more valuable," Julian reassured her. She shut her eyes to
hide the tears.

"I must admit, I was surprised. I would have thought she would be stronger than
that."

Julie didn't respond, ignoring the world around her. Only the barest part of her
thoughts felt them spreading her legs. She had seen it happen... Susan was...

"Perhaps one day I'll get to see how strong you are," Julian said to her. "I'd
like that a lot."

Julie opened her eyes briefly.

"Fuck you," she spat, wishing she could open her jaw enough to spit at him. He
leant down over her, until their noses were almost touching.

"Soon," he said, grinning. Gathering her saliva, Julie exhaled sharply through
her teeth, spraying his face with saliva and hoping desperately that he would
die.

His smile disappeared abruptly, and he straightened.

"Nice try, bitch," he said, his tone deadly. Someone passed him a towel, and he
proceeded to wipe his face with it. "It'll sting for a while, and that's about
it."

He turned away momentarily, and when he returned, he took a painful grip on one
breast.

"I don't think my Master said anything about not inflicting a little damage on
you," he snarled. Two fingers grabbed a nipple, and a second later Julie cried
out in pain as something sharp lanced through the soft flesh.

"I wonder how you'll heal with that collar filling you full of drugs," he said,
repeating the process with her other nipple. "Perhaps when I get my hands on
you, well see just how much these big tits of yours can carry."

Julie shut her eyes again, trying to push the pain from her thoughts. She had to
stay calm...

"Sir, we can't put the nipple stimulators on now," one of the doctors remarked
quietly.

The feeling of gloved fingers at her sex broke her control momentarily, bringing
fear to her thoughts. What were they going to do to her?

Stay calm, she told herself forcibly. You need to survive, Julie, survive so
that you can tell Trig...

She opened her eyes as another set of gloved fingers touched her face. She
watched the tube approaching, but was helpless to resist as it was pushed up her
nose. She began retching as it tickled her throat, snaking its way down into her
stomach.

"A little something to keep your liquids up," the doctor explained, attaching a
bag filled with clear liquid to the tube. "You mustn't get dehydrated."

Julie frowned in confusion. Dehydrated... wasn't that when you lost too much
water from your body?

The fingers were back at her sex, parting her lips. Julie shut her eyes again,
concentrating on what was happening.

The dildo they began pushing into her wasn't the largest she had felt, but it
was still more than filling. Her cheeks flushed red, and she sighed inwardly.
Why does everything require a dildo, she asked herself; is it really needed?

"I hope you have fun," Julian said to her, his smile back again. "We just need a
few litres of your liquids, and then you're mine."

Julie's eyes opened in shock. Did he mean they were... harvesting her sex?

"What?!" she asked, staring up at him. She could feel the dildo moving deeper
every moment.

"Oh, I can't tell you why," he said, enjoying her expression of confused
disgust. "But you have a valuable pussy to some, and hopefully I'll get it for
myself as a reward." He leant down over her again, being careful to stay out of
reach of her mouth. "Wouldn't that be fun?"

"I can't wait-t-ah!" Julie winced as the catheter started sliding into her body.

"We can't have you pissing into the liquids," Julian said, patting her cheek.

With the catheter all the way in, the fingers began to massage her clit,
bringing the warmth back to her cheeks as she felt herself responding. It felt
good, and she hated it.

The feeling of cold plastic around the tiny organ was a surprise, and a second
later came another as the powerful suction began, drawing her sensitive clit
into its hard embrace.

"OH" she gasped, pushing her hips up as the dildo resumed its course.

She was beginning to wince with the depth it was penetrating when a smooth,
rubbery cup touched the skin around her sex. It too began to suck on her,
sealing itself against her pelvis.

"Almost ready," someone muttered as Julie felt the straps being put around her
thighs to hold it in place. Another went down between her buttocks to clip onto
the band around her waist, and the last one from the top of the cup to the front
of the waistband.

"See you in a few days," Julian said happily, blowing Julie a kiss. She listened
until he was gone, sighing in relief at the sound of the door closing.

She heard the hum a moment before she felt it, travelling up the dildo and deep
into her sex. She stiffened, unable to stop herself clenching down on it.

"She liked that," the doctor said, and increased the power.

"MM," Julie moaned, straining against the cuffs. The dildo was merely vibrating,
but the suction was changing, pulling and releasing her clit rhythmically.

Damn it, she thought, trying to think of anything but the machine buried in her
loins.  She had to escape; Julian had said a few days, and the thought of
spending that long in this situation was something Julie did not want to
contemplate.

"Escape..." she breathed, trailing off with a sigh of pleasure as she arched her
back against the restraints. She wanted it to stop... she wanted it to
continue...

"OH!" she gasped as the vibrations seemed to move up to another level. Opening
her eyes, she stared up at the roof in an attempt to gather her thoughts.

It was hard to concentrate on thinking how to escape, and not all due to the
pleasure coursing through her sex. She was afraid of thinking about it, because
she knew that she would have to use her abilities, the very ones she wished
would stay locked away in her mind forever.

Julie knew that she could use them again; the broken window earlier was evidence
of that. The fact that it didn't trigger any headaches like last time was
scarier than the window shattering under the force of her thoughts. There was
nothing preventing her from using it anymore, except the collar.

"Worry about that later," she whispered through her teeth. "I can't stay here."

Shutting her eyes again, she tried to remember what exactly she had done. How
had she broken the window? How had she defended against Shadow?

A low, animal moan escaped Julies' lips, and she found herself squeezing the
dildo with all her strength. She blushed, realising she wanted it to vibrate
harder.

Trying to push it from her thoughts was hard when her body was screaming for it
to go deeper, her hips thrusting up in time with the powerful suction playing
with her clitoris.

"Yes!" she moaned again, pushing against the frustrating restraints. She was
getting closer to a powerful orgasm; she could feel it growing deep within her.

Concentrate, a part of her screamed, trying to gather her thoughts. She wanted
it faster, she wanted to be free, and she wanted to be free to make it go
faster...

Her entire body was flushed red, sweat running down her skin as her body
strained. She was so close to an orgasm and the key to her power. The machine
sucked and released her clit strongly, the abused organ sending pain through her
even as the pleasure pushed her closer to what she craved.

"F-Fuck-yes-s-s-s!" she cried as she came, her vaginal muscles rippling over the
source of her pleasure. The doctor laughed as he watched her shake in orgasm,
but she barely heard it over the blood pounding in her ears. It was here! She
was so close!

The doctor first realised something was going wrong when the collar around
Julies' throat came free, bouncing off the steel mechanisms below to hit the
floor. The transparent sections shattered on impact, sending liquid and shards
of glass across the floor.

He looked up a second before his companion, jaw open in shock. Her eyes were
still shut, and her skin glowed with post-orgasmic flush, but as they watched,
the metal holding her head immobile bent back, and she looked up at them.

Julie froze with indecision, uncertain what to do with the two doctors standing
by her feet.

"Sound the alarm!" one of them cried, and made a dash for the door.

Julie whimpered, and shutting her eyes, lashed out in his general direction. A
split second later there was a loud crash, and the sound of metal and glass
falling to the floor.

Her eyes opened to find the doctor lying on his side on the white tiles of the
floor, surrounded by the contents of the cabinet that was once on the wall above
him. Julies' heart skipped a beat when he didn't move, but the other doctor
still posed a threat.

Her eyes fell on him, hastily filling a syringe with the contents of a small
vial. Panicking, she struck out at him also, sending him backwards to knock his
head hard on the shelf behind. He fell to the floor and was still.

Julie sighed loudly and lay back to recover, resting her head in the restraints.
The rest of her remained trapped in the chair, and the machine was still working
patiently between her legs. She was terrified of the doctors waking up, but she
was extremely aroused also, and her eyes began to close.

Remembering something, she looked up, her cheeks heating as she looked around.
It was one thing to let the machine work and not do anything, but another to
help it...

With the collar gone, it was much easier to concentrate and pick up the two
plastic cups with her mind. For a moment, she lay back and imagined herself
helpless in the grasp of the automated machine, feeling the cups slide down over
her breasts. The suction was already active, and it only took a moment for her
freshly healed nipples to get captured by the tubes, drawing and releasing the
sensitive flesh in time with her clit.

"I'm such a slut," Julie whispered to herself, squirming wildly in her
restraints. She couldn't believe she was willingly staying on a machine to
collect her personal liquids. She could feel its constant pull on her sex...
pulse, relax, pulse, relax...

She raised her head to look down at her body, past the transparent cups to the
device strapped into her. She watched and felt her clit being pulled into the
tube, and then released suddenly. The sight was too much, and for a moment all
she saw was red as another orgasm washed over her body, a loud moan coming from
her open mouth.

"I don't want to go," she muttered, already looking around beneath her as the
orgasm faded. She spotted the controls, and lashed out clumsily at them.

Her eyes widened, and she let out a loud whimper as the machine went up another
level, the sound of its vibrations audible in the otherwise quiet room.

"OH MY," she gasped, using every bit of self control to keep poking at the
numerous buttons.

She collapsed in relief when she hit the right button and the machine fell
silent. Taking a minute to gather her senses, she looked up again and searched
for a way to release the restraints.

With a click they came free, allowing Julie to sit up and pull the cups from her
breasts. Giving her nipples a quick rub to let them recover, she took a deep
breath and began drawing the tube out from her nose.

After much retching it came free, and Julie flung it away in disgust. Lifting
her legs from the open restraints, she fumbled around to unclip the machine in
her loins from the chair and, with a look of regret, pulled it from her sex.

The catheter didn't hurt as much as removing the tube from her abused clit. The
sensitive little nub had doubled in size and taken on an angry red colour,
making Julie nervous about touching it. A little concentration on her
regenerative skills and it stopped stinging with every move she made, but it was
still terribly sensitive.

Stepping shakily off the chair, Julie crouched down in front of the box that had
powered the dildo and its attachments. On its side was a glass jar, filled with
about a centimetre of a slightly murky liquid. Frowning in distaste, Julie
removed the jar and promptly emptied it down the nearest sink.

Cautiously, she made her way to the closed door, trying not to step on any of
the glass that littered the white tiled floor. The doctor she stepped over
seemed to be breathing, but she didn't look too closely.

Placing her hand on the door, Julie paused. Her eyes filled with tears as she
thought about what lay beyond, who lay beyond...

"Susan," she whispered.

--

Kudos to slavelucy for her invaluable assistance in proof-reading

--




Chapter 7 - Disguise



The door flung open suddenly, swinging round to bang loudly against the metal
wall. Julie stepped through, her face hard despite the puffiness around her
violet eyes. Her gaze fell upon the empty chair in the opposite room, causing
her to falter. She was gone!

The blonde girl looked up at the sound, pausing in her job of sweeping up the
glass littering the floor. She gave Julie a cool, considering look before
resuming, the sound of glass scraping along the metal filling the room once
more.

Shaking with emotion, Julie stepped into the corridor. She could feel the little
bits of glass digging into the soles of her feet as she climbed through the
broken window, but she didn't care. Walking up to the chair, she placed her
hands on the metal where Susan's head had been. It was cold.

Choking on her tears, Julie slumped to the floor, leaning on the base of the
chair. The moment the pressure was off her feet she felt her autonomous healing
come into play, pushing the sharp pieces of glass from her skin and closing the
wounds. Cradling her head in her hands as she cried, she barely noticed as the
blonde girl swept the glass up from around her.

"She's gone," Julie sobbed, tears mingling on the floor with the blood from her
feet. "She's really gone!"

Through her tears, she watched as the blood on the floor slowly moved, compelled
by some unseen force to return to her body. Still sobbing, she moved her foot
closer and watched as the thick liquid was absorbed like a sponge.

The glass was almost all gone now, thanks to the blondes' continued efforts.
Through the corner of her eye, Julie watched the girl sweep her pile into a
dust-pan and pour it into the bin. Seemingly satisfied with the state of the
floor, she turned to Julie.

"Excuse me Miss, can you please move? I need to mop the floor." With an
unnatural calm, Julie stood up and faced the black-clad girl. Her expression of
total innocence touched something within her.

"You killed her," Julie said flatly.

When the girl didn't reply, Julie snapped.

"BITCH!" she yelled, lashing out and punching the girl clumsily in the face.

The blonde made a pitiful sound, and stepped back, looking confused. A split
second later Julie flung herself at the girl, sending them both tumbling to the
floor. There was a metallic ring as the girls head hit the tiles, but Julie
didn't hear it.

"YOU KILLED HER!" she screamed.

The blonde girl looked stunned, and as she tried to sit up, Julie struck again,
hitting her on the cheek and sending her head snapping back. There was the sound
of breaking glass, and a split second later the girl went limp.

Julie paused with one arm raised in confusion, watching the girl stare blankly.
As she looked down, the girl's face contorted in pain and she went into
convulsions.

"Oh fuck..." Julie breathed, standing up and backing away in horror. What had
she done?!

The emotions filling her head were too much for the young Dominant, and she
slumped down with her back to the corner of the room, hugging her knees. Eyes
wide, she watched with an expression of disbelief.

The girls' convulsions ended abruptly about ten seconds later, leaving her dazed
and panting on her back. As her eyes started to focus again, she frantically
reached up behind her head, searching in amidst her long, blonde hair. Her hand
came back clutching a curved, silver device, which she hurled clumsily across
the room. Rolling over onto her side, she covered her face and began to cry
loudly.

Julie watched from her position, confused and afraid. What was going on...? She
felt strange... it was hard to keep her eyes open.

Exhausted by her escape, Julies' head tilted sideways, bumping against the metal
door of the cabinet. Her eyes heavy, she caught a glimpse of the blonde shaking
with her cries before oblivion took her.



Julie had been there, and she had heard her Mistress's cries, seen the shaking
of the walls and the breaking windows. And then, just like the girl had
promised, the device which was prickling the back of Susan's neck activated, and
her world became pain.

It seemed to stretch forever, and through it all she could feel the steady
infiltration of the device, sending its tendrils into her thoughts. Searching...
stealing... reshaping... She resisted as best she could, trying to fight
whatever it was doing to her. But it took over in the end, wresting control of
her motor skills from her.

The pain didn't stop then, but it was confined to her chest. For those long,
agonising seconds her body was without a brain, as some part of her still
refused to give in to the machine. And then it was gone, and in one convulsive
motion, life returned. What once were her eyes sprung open as the machine
continued its infiltration, commanding her lungs to take a deep breath.

Her fight wasn't over yet; the machine was determined to suppress every last bit
of her. She could feel the constant pressure, the urge to just let go and slide
into the safety of unconsciousness.

Susan didn't notice as she was released from the cuffs in the chair, or feel the
little bits of glass under her feet as she walked out of the room. The parts of
her mind that remained hers were fighting blindly for their existence.



"Wake up..."

...

"Please, wake up..."

Julie opened her eyes, squinting in the bright light. Her head ached, and she
still felt a little dizzy...

"You have to wake up," said someone in her ear, their voice choking with tears.

"W...What...?" Julie moaned. She could feel someone with their arms around her,
rocking back and forth. Blinking, she noted the empty chair and the little bits
of missed glass underneath it.

"Oh thank you!" the voice cried, and Julie found herself being hugged tightly.
"I'm so sorry... I'm so sorry!" The girl's voice trailed off into sobbing.

Still a little dazed, Julie turned her head to the source of the sobbing, and
came face-to-face with the blonde girl.

"GAH!" she yelped, her jelly-like muscles making her stumble as she leaped out
of the girls grasp. The girl sobbed loudly, and stared pitifully up at the still
naked Julie, her arms raised like she was asking for help.

"Please... don't go..." the girl asked; letting her arms fall limply to her
sides. "Don't leave me," she added in a whisper.

The emotions from before she passed out were returning fast, causing Julie to
sit down and lean back against the chair. She wouldn't cry... Susan wouldn't
want her to cry... Blinking back tears, she stared up at the roof.

"Please... your friend... she's..."

"You killed her," Julie said bluntly, cutting the other girl off.

"No!" the blonde exclaimed, starting forward onto all fours. "She's alive!
She's..."

"YOU KILLED HER!" Julie screamed, tears sliding down her cheeks.

"Please... you have to believe me... I..." The blonde stared at Julie, lost for
words.

"They make you do things," she said softly, gesturing towards where the
mind-control device had come to rest. "Terrible things..." She started forward
again, her eyes filled with tears. "I'm so sorry... Your friend, she has one
now... They take over... Your friend was strong; she didn't want to give in.
That's why she almost died!"

"Almost... but... I saw..." Julie whispered, replaying the events in her mind.

"Please trust me, your friend is alive!"

Julie looked down, a glimmer of hope in her eyes.

"Really?" she asked emotionally.

"Yes!" the blonde cried. "Please, you saved me... I wouldn't lie to you... I'm
yours if you want me..." She trailed off, staring pitifully up at Julie.

"You're not lying?" Julie asked, blinking back more tears.

The blonde shook her head vehemently.

Julie was silent for a long time, trying her hardest not to cry any more. Susan
was alive...

"What was that silver thing?" Julie asked, trying hard to keep her voice level.

"It's a... a control device... it takes over your mind, makes you do things...
makes you help them..." Her face was bleak, as she remembered her time under its
control.

"So, Susan..." Julie's heart sank as the thought of what could happen to her
friend. She had to help!

A loud thud sounded from the room where the doctors were, making both girls turn
to look.

"We have to go!" the blonde shrieked, jumping to her feet. "I locked them in. If
they find us here..." She trailed off, dashing across the room. Cringing with
distaste, she picked up the silver mind-control device which had been attached
to her earlier. The controls on it were smashed, but it appeared to have
suffered no other damage.

"Come on," she hissed urgently, running to the door into the entry room.

Forcing down her emotions, Julie climbed to her feet and followed. She couldn't
help Susan if she was captured again.

"We need to find you some clothes," the blonde said, pushing open a door in the
entry room. Julie followed her in to the small room beyond, and watched
anxiously as she searched through the numerous drawers.

"Here," she said, pulling out a black suit much like her own and flinging it at
Julie. "You need to fit in, in case we're seen."

The suit slid over her fingers like silk, but with the dark sheen of wet latex.
Sticking one leg at a time through the neck and out the bottom, Julie worked the
stretchy suit up to her waist. Sticking her arms through the holes, she pulled
it up to her neck and turned to the blonde.

"You'll need to wear this as well," the girl informed her, holding out the
silver device.

"No!" Julie exclaimed vehemently, taking a step back whilst keeping a careful
eye on the device.

"You have to..." the blonde protested, eyes darting back to the entry hall as
another thud made itself heard. "It won't be obvious mine is missing under my
long hair, but yours is short!"

Julie stared for a long moment, unable to deny the reasoning but terrified of
having a mind-control device anywhere near her head, even a broken one.

"How do you wear this thing?" Julie asked, changing the subject. Looking down at
herself, she pulled at the suit which felt like it was crawling over her skin.

"Please, you must put it on," the girl insisted, offering the curved device
again.

"It's... sticky!" Julie exclaimed, trying to ignore the girls' outstretched
hand. The inside didn't want to slide over her skin anymore, and it seemed to be
getting tighter around her.

"As it warms to your skin, it will stick to you," the girl explained, looking
even more nervous. "Like mine."

Looking down at herself, Julie could see where it was shaping around her
breasts, clinging like a wet t-shirt. It felt weird, and she reached up to pull
at the neck, intending to try and adjust it again. Her heart skipped a beat when
she couldn't get her fingers underneath it.

"How do you take it off?" Julie asked, sounding a little nervous.

"Please... don't hurt me!" the girl exclaimed suddenly, backing into the wall
and cringing pitifully. "You can take it off! You... you soak it in cold water
a...and it will let go!" Her blue eyes were wide with real fear. "Please,
believe me!"

Julie stared in shock at the girl's reaction. She hadn't thought for a moment
that the girl had done anything sinister.

"Please!" the girl said on the verge of tears. She sank to her knees, and stared
at Julies' feet. "Please, Mistress..."

"Hey! Hey!" Julie said soothingly, crouching down. "I believe you! I'll put
that... thing on my neck!"

The girl made a sobbing noise, but wouldn't look up.

Swallowing hard, Julie pried the mind-control device from the girls hand and
looked at it. It certainly looked broken...

"T...Test it on me," the blonde stammered, using one hand to brush back her hair
and expose her neck. "Please, so you know I'm telling the truth..."

"Okay," Julie said nervously. Spurred on by another thud from the rooms beyond,
she brought the device up and placed it on the girls head.

When Julie drew her hand back and it didn't fall from the girls' skin, she broke
out in a cold sweat. What if it still worked...!

"See?" the girl said, looking up with a nervous little smile. "It sticks, but
I'm still me."

Smiling back to hide her rising fear, Julie removed the device and raised it to
her own neck. What if it started working again... what if... what if...?

The girl was right though, she had to do it. Swallowing her fears, Julie put the
device against her skin.

Her heart was pounding in her chest as she released it. The skin underneath
prickled as it stuck to her... but she felt like herself...

"See!" the girl said with a smile, sounding relieved as Julie slowly lowered her
hand.

Julie took a few seconds to be sure, and then with a gasp, let out the breath
she had been holding.

"There are some shoes too," the girl informed, holding up a pair of black shoes
made of the same black substance. "We need to hurry though..."

Julie took the shoes and, uncomfortably aware of the way the suit was hugging
her buttocks, sat down and slipped her feet into them. She started to stand up
when she let out a girlish squeal, and fell back again.

"What is...?" Cheeks heating as she covered her now very visible pubis, Julie
looked up in mortification at the girl. "You didn't say it would do that!" she
squeaked, her face twitching as the suit continued to shape itself to her
genitals. "Oh no... how do you...?" Cheeks heating even more, she trailed off.

The girl let out a nervous giggle, and grabbed Julie by the arm.

"Don't worry," she said, helping Julie to her feet. "It will open for things
like that."

"Wait!" Julie exclaimed as they reached the door. "I had a necklace... where is
it?"

"Oh..." the blonde said, thinking. Turning back, she searched through a few
drawers. Julie looked over her shoulder, and stopped her when she found one
containing her clothes, but her necklace wasn't with them.

"It's not here," Julie said grimly as they left the room. She could feel the
suit still moving around her, and she let out a squeak as she felt it begin to
push into her body.

"Hey, what did you mean, open? Where did these horrible suits come from?" Her
voice took on a slightly hysterical note as they scurried to the door. "And...
how far does it go inside!" She had thought her rubber suit was invasive, but
this thing was slowly crawling into her orifices and she was uncomfortably aware
of how far away from a cold shower she was.

"Quiet!" the blonde hissed, pushing open the door and peeking through.

"You made me put this on," Julie whispered hotly. "You could have told me this
stuff then!"

"It always follows your skin," she whispered back. "Once it gets a few
centimetres inside, it'll stop."

Julie hummed uncertainly, trying to simultaneously squeeze her legs together and
keep her fingers from clawing it off her skin. A whimper escaped her lips as it
slowly made its way into her vagina, like tiny fingers she was helpless to stop.

"Come on, it's clear," the blonde said, opening the door fully. Julie followed
her absently into the corridor beyond, trying to ignore the steady progress of
the suit into her body.

"By the way, I'm Celina," she announced over her shoulder as they walked.

"Julie," the distracted Dominant replied. "It... it's not stopping!" She looked
anxiously at Celina's back.

The blonde glanced nervously over her shoulder, and for a moment she thought the
poor girl was going to start begging again.

"It's designed for human skin..." she replied uncertainly. "It might go a
little... weird."

Julie didn't like the sound of that.



Celina forbade any talking once they were in the corridors, so Julie was forced
to follow behind and try to act brain-washed whenever someone went past.

Celina stopped outside one of the numerous doors in the long corridor, and with
a quick poke at the controls to its right, the door slid open.

"We should be safe here," she said, ushering Julie inside and closing the door
behind them.

The room was only very small, about twice as long as it was wide. Julie had only
ever been in a caravan once, but the bathroom she could see through the small
door in the far end made it look spacious.

"What are we doing here?" Julie asked, looking around disapprovingly. The
left-hand wall had a single, uncomfortable looking bed and a set of featureless
cabinets, and that was it for the room.

"Staying out of sight," Celina said, Julies' tone making her nervous. "If we get
seen outside, we'll get caught."

Julie shook her head, her eye on the door controls.

"We need to help Susan," she said urgently, thinking of her friend. "We can't
stay here."

"We have to," Celina said grimly, plonking her self down on the bed. "If they
find us, we can't help anyone. They won't look for you here."

Torn between the need to help Susan and to avoid being caught, Julie leant
heavily on the wall.

"Is this your room?" Julie asked sullenly.

Celina nodded.

"You lived in here?" Julie asked, raising an eyebrow in disbelief. It was so...
plain!

"I didn't have much choice," she said gloomily. "I didn't have any choices at
all..." She trailed off and stared blankly at the wall.

Julie looked down at the blonde, unable to think of anything to say with her
thoughts centred on Susan.

A soft chime sounded from the doorway. Celina sat bolt upright and looked at
Julie in terror.

"Quick..." she hissed, standing up. "Hide in the bathroom! And..."

As she passed Julie, she plucked the mind-control device from her skin, and
fixed it to the back of her own head.

"Quick!" she said urgently, as Julie pulled back the glass screen of the shower
and flattened her self against the wall.

"Ah, Celina," said a male voice. "I thought I might find you here. You didn't
notice anything odd when you were cleaning the treatment room?"

"Odd, Sir?" Celina repeated softly. "No, Sir. I did my duties and came here to
await instructions."

"I see," he said softly. "Well, don't hesitate to report anything. And get some
rest, you look tired."

"Yes, Sir, it has been a busy day. Thank you, Sir."

"Good girl," he told her fondly. Julie shivered at his tone; it was like he was
talking to a pet.

There was silence for a few seconds, and then Celina's head poked around the
corner, startling her.

"It's okay now."

"What was all that about?" Julie asked, stepping out of the shower.

"They know you've escaped," she replied uneasily, sitting down on the bed again.
Both girls went silent again, lost in thought.

"We should get some sleep," Celina suggested suddenly. "We'll need to be up when
breakfast comes."

Julie nodded distantly. Was Susan preparing for bed, her body under control of
the device on her neck?

Slipping off the bed, Celina pulled a neat stack of sheets from underneath the
bed. "You can sleep on these. If anyone comes..."

"I can probably fit under the bed," Julie reassured her, helping her unfold the
sheets.

The steel floor wouldn't be the most comfortable, but she would live. Laying
down on her back and pulling another sheet over herself, Julie watched Celina
get into bed.

She was glad that the suit had finally stopped crawling over her skin, she felt
almost naked in the black covering. It left nothing to the imagination, with the
way it hugged every curve of her body, from the crease of her buttocks to her
cleavage. Hidden under the plain white sheet, she let a finger explore between
her legs. She had to stick her finger in to the second knuckle before she felt
skin.

Sighing, she pulled her hand back and rolled onto her side. When the light
turned off, the room was plunged into absolute darkness.



Trig woke early, as he always did. He knew without looking that Susan hadn't
returned during the night. Trying to assuage his disappointment with the thought
of finding the two girls entwined in bed, he walked sleepily to the bathroom and
stared into the mirror.

As much as the thought of his girlfriend having a female Mistress was
attractive, he wasn't sure about being the other side of her relationship. He
liked Julie, and he had enjoyed planning out last-night with her, but he
couldn't see it becoming sexual and had no intention of submitting to her. He
smiled wryly into the mirror at the thought of discussing it with Simeon, who
was on the other side of the fence.

Trig quickly grew frustrated with thinking about the complex relationships that
Julie had created with her arrival, and shut the door to the bathroom.

He emerged a quarter-hour later, hair wet from the shower. He was still drying
his hair with a towel when the door to his room was flung open and one of the
maids burst in, looking distraught.

"Trig...!" she cried, and then trailed off, her eyes falling on his face and
slowly travelling south.

"Mm," he hummed coolly, turning to face her. When she failed to move at all, he
calmly lowered the towel from his head and wrapped it around his waist.

"I... I'm sorry," she said suddenly, her face beet-red. "I..." Seeming to
recover, her distraught look returned.

"Julie is missing."

Keeping his face neutral, he asked the question that first entered his head.

"What about Susan?"

The maid was silent, but her expression said it all.

"Give me five minutes," he said. Wordlessly, the maid left the room.

--

Cheers Luce

--




Chapter 8 - Forsaken



With a sudden snap, Susan returned to consciousness. The last few hours were
like a dream, barely remembered images and sensations flashing through her mind.
She remembered how her new clothes had crawled over her skin and the sharp pain
as they had pierced her nipples, but everything else was hazy.

Her first reaction when she found she couldn't move was to panic. Had she been
paralysed by that... thing on her neck?

And then she rolled over on the mattress underneath her, and her body went cold.
It was the most disturbing thing Susan had ever felt, as the new occupant of her
body moved around to get comfortable. With it came the rest of her memories...
the infiltration of her mind... the never-ending pressure as it tried to silence
her. She felt a tiny thrill of achievement that she had resisted the machine,
but the thought rapidly disappeared as her hand moved without her volition,
rubbing at her sore nipples.

Silently she screamed as she tried to break free from its control. She felt so
small... so trapped...

There was a sudden discontinuity in her thoughts, as if something had changed.

Blinking nervously, she tried to work out what it was. What had happened... was
the device trying to get her again? Absently, her fingers rubbed at her recently
pierced nipple, feeling where the suit passed through the fresh hole.

The lights came on suddenly, and Susan raised a hand to shield her dark-adapted
eyes...

"I'm free," she breathed as realisation dawned, excitement rising rapidly.
Squinting as she moved her hand, she reached behind her head...

The door to her tiny cell opened suddenly, and she hesitated. The tall figure
that strode in made her heart stop and her body grow cold.

"Hello, bitch," Lyle said, striding up to her. "No chastity belt to protect you
now!" Smiling smugly, he tore the blanket from her bed and threw it across the
room.

"No!" she screamed, pretty green eyes wide with terror. "You... you're dead!"
With the mattress now bare except for her pillow, Susan curled into the corner
like a child, the black suit covering her nudity glistening in the light.

"I'm very much alive," he replied, undoing his pants. Susan recoiled in horror
at the terrible scars covering his legs, twisted reminders of what Julie was
capable of.

"You... you..." she stammered, voice breaking. "It can't..." Tears began to run
down her cheeks as he removed his remaining clothes. Through blurred vision she
watched him key something into the door controls, and with a click it locked.

"It's time to fuck your arse," he said with a twisted smile, and advanced
towards her.

"NO!" Susan screamed, jumping from her corner to try and get past him. He caught
her easily with one hand, throwing her back on the bed. Before she could recover
he was upon her, roughly turning her onto her back and pulling her arms behind
her until she screamed with the pain in her shoulders.

 "Please...no..." she cried, her screams degenerating into incoherent sobbing as
he roughly parted her thighs. Her slender legs flailed futilely, banging
painfully against the wall.

"I've waited for this," he growled in her ear, positioning himself against her
rear.

She would have given anything for her belt at that moment. His cock was there at
her tiny hole... and with one thrust he was in, the slickness of the suit
allowing easy entry.

Susan shrieked at the terrible violation, her cry ringing in the small, square
room. The suit provided her delicate insides no protection as he began thrusting
violently, battering his way deeper into her body. Unlubricated, the soft
membranes tore quickly under the violence of each stroke, wrenching agonised,
high-pitched screams from deep within her throat.

Her shrill cries slowly died with every thrust, her mind retreating from the
pain and abuse. Lubricated by her blood, he worked himself deeper, thrusting
faster and harder. His hands clawed at her body, fingers adding more blood to
the white sheets as they dug into the soft flesh of her breasts.

Her breathing came in short, sharp gasps, her eyes wide and unfocused. Every few
seconds a sob would escape from her open mouth, a steady stream of saliva and
tears mingling on the mattress under her chin.

He came quickly, the salty liquid burning within her raw interior. His departure
offered only a small decrease in the agony she felt. She was too lost in her
pain to feel him throw the blanket back over her as he departed, or to notice
the discontinuity as control of her body left once again.

She faded into a troubled, dreamless sleep.



The girls ate breakfast quietly from the small tray, the bland food like ash in
Julies' mouth. She could feel her bodies' hunger, but her appetite was gone
under the weight of her emotions. She couldn't stop thinking about Susan,
wondering where she was, what was happening to her.

"She'll be okay," Celina said softly, a smile hiding the concern in her eyes.

Julie looked across at the blue-eyed girl for a second, before returning her
gaze to the almost empty tray.

"Really?" she asked, sounding helpless.

"They won't... physically hurt her," Celina told her. "The Dominants consider us
to be animals here, so they won't beat her, or... have sex with her or anything
like that."

"Not... physically..." Julie repeated slowly.

"She'll... probably be sent down to help with the tanks, which will be bad
enough for her. I saw both your markings... she'll be safe until the bond wears
off enough so that..."

"So that...?" Julie prompted, looking concerned.

"They hate us," Celina said, her voice sounding choked. "The suits mask our
smell, so they don't have to 'endure' it, and apart from their little games,
they ignore us. But they still depend on us for life..."

She turned to stare at the wall, tears in her eyes.

"I've never seen a planet, you know. Ever since I was old enough, I've been
under control of this thing..." Blinking back her tears, she tore the broken
mind-control device from her neck and flung it across the room. The clatter as
it came to rest made Julie look up in surprise, her problems forgotten
momentarily.

"I've seen pictures though, of grass, and animals... and I envy them their
freedom... We're literally like cattle, here... they harvest us! They put us on
drugs and stick us in horrible glass tanks and suck what they need from us..."

"So Susan..." Julies' eyes were wide with disbelief at what Celina was
describing.

"Once she isn't 'contaminated', they'll put her in a tank for a few months. If
she's lucky, the drugs will keep her unconscious for the whole time. If not..."
Celina trailed off, her expression full of pain.

"They... they've done this to you?" Julie asked, horrified. Months of not being
able to move... trapped... As Celina nodded, memories of the time when Moira
imprisoned her in the tube flashed through her mind. And that had only been an
hour...

"The last time... one of the girls didn't wake up when she received her
controller. It wasn't my fault... but... they... they put me in for a year. Most
people remember their time only as a dream... everything was so different when I
woke up... they gave me a few weeks of freedom before... putting it back on me
again..."

Unable to do anything else, Julie sat quietly, trying to process the slightly
disjointed story. Absently, she took a mouthful of bread and chewed.

"Do you know why they wanted to... harvest me?" Julie asked, her voice muffled
by the bread. Celina shook her head silently.

"There's been some weird stuff going on lately... even I've noticed. But... it's
only humans they want, not Dominants."

"Um... well, I'm not a complete Dominant," Julie confessed, pausing to swallow.
"I'm a hybrid."

Celina stared at her for a long moment, trying to work out whether Julie was
lying or not.

"You're really a hybrid?" she asked cautiously, like she didn't believe. "If you
were a hybrid, they would hate you even more. To them, you'd be something...
awful!"

Julie frowned at this, her confusion only deepening. When neither of them spoke,
she took the last of the bread from the tray and stood up to wander across the
room.

 If they really hated what she was, why did they go to all the trouble to kidnap
her?

Grabbing the last of the bread, she left her small chair and sat down on the bed
to eat it in silence, her face grim. Finishing it quickly, she leant back
against the wall, her eyes closing sleepily. It was much too early...



Susan awoke suddenly, disturbed by the way her body was moving without her. It
took a few disoriented seconds for her to remember her predicament, and by then
she was walking... being walked, down a corridor somewhere.

Unable to do anything but watch passively, Susan tried to gather her fragmented
thoughts. The pain of last night was fresh in her mind, but she couldn't feel
anything out of the ordinary; no pain, no aches, nothing. Once she ignored the
slippery sensation of the suit, her body felt completely normal, as if the
injuries she had sustained had simply disappeared.

Each step she took made her unsupported breasts shake, but the remembered pain
from the bruises was missing. Unable to think of any explanation, she wondered
whether it was her bond with Julie that had caused her overnight healing.

Her thoughts immediately turned to wondering where Julie was, and she began
looking at the girls walking with her, desperately hoping that none of them were
her friend. It felt like she was staring through a window at the world around
her, and her frustration grew as she tried to make out the girls' blurred faces.

The person in front of her sharply changed direction, and Susan found herself
walking into a large, open room. From what she could make out it was roughly
square, but before she could be certain she turned sharply to follow several
other girls, their black-covered backs and buttocks all she could distinguish
them by.

So that's what I look like, she thought, her shame rising as she imagined her
appearance in the black suit. She was entranced by the way the light shone off
the suits exterior, faint reflections visible in the smooth surface. She looked
for her own reflection in the blackness, but frustratingly was unable to do so
before she turned away.

Either side of her, Susan could make out the black shapes of the girls sitting
on the floor. She tried to work out what they were doing, knowing that she would
soon be joining them, but her effort proved pointless.

She looked down and got a glimpse of something white jutting out of the floor,
before her view was cut off as her head rose again. Smoothly she lowered herself
down, her hips slotting perfectly into the horse-shoe-shaped seat as she assumed
a kneeling position. Inwardly Susan cringed in discomfort as her weight pressed
her downwards onto the twin poles, their almost frictionless surfaces sliding
easily into her orifices.

Her fear barely had time to begin to grow before the water started, warm jets
issuing from all over their surfaces. Silently Susan wailed in shame as the rate
increased, gently massaging her insides. She could feel the water running out of
her vagina to be caught by the seat and recycled. Her bladder released suddenly,
joining the flow and increasing her humiliation.

The addition of soap to the water wasn't noticed to begin with, but as the
gentle massage continued, Susan became aware of the slight stinging it was
causing. Immediately she assumed the worst, her mind coming up with dozens of
terrible things they could be washing her with, and she began to panic.

Her emotions had no way to escape though, and after a few minutes she began to
calm back down again. The water started to cycle out of her behind, the same as
it was doing for every one of the girls in the room.

The water faded away after a few frustrating minutes, leaving her aroused and
unable to gain release. Smoothly she raised herself from the seat and joined the
line of girls as they left the room, filing out past the man and woman standing
by the door.

Why were they doing this to her, she wondered; why did they want her clean
inside? Her lack of answers only frustrated her further, but she had nothing
else to occupy her mind with, except the girl in front.

"Wait," the man by the door said firmly, his hand brushing her arm. Susan
obediently stepped out of the line and waited patiently, facing away from him.

"I hate having to work here, Julian," the woman remarked unhappily. "The little
bitches always smell in the mornings."

"I quite like the smell," Julian remarked, and took a deep breath to illustrate.
"It's the smell of fear."

"The sooner they're clean and out of the way, the better," the woman said
firmly, watching the last of the girls leave the room. "It's not like we even
need to be here, they'll remain under control without supervision."

"You need to enjoy your work more," he told her smugly. "Some of them are
pretty, for humans..." Susan flinched inwardly as she felt him slap her
buttocks, silently cursing him.

"Why is she here?" the woman asked, sneering.

"She's the new one; 'he' wants to talk to her."

"Pah. The sooner she's sterilised, the better," the woman told him. Susan's
heart skipped a beat, the abject terror that struck her breaking through the
layers of enforced calm. She knew what the woman meant... they couldn't do that!

"Do that later," he said offhandedly. "He wants to see her right now."

"Fine," the woman said as he stepped up behind Susan. "I'll keep watching, not
that anything will happen!"

"Come with me," Julian commanded, ignoring the woman.

Returning to life, Susan obediently followed after him as he walked off down the
corridor. Through the doors either side she could hear the other girls bathing,
and for a moment she envied them. She felt like a long, hot shower.



"We have to go," Celina whispered urgently, shaking Julie by the shoulder. The
short-haired girl grunted unhappily, and rolled onto her back, blinking in the
light.

"Ugh, I feel terrible," Julie moaned, rubbing her eyes. "I shouldn't have gone
back to sleep."

Celina helped Julie to her feet, and passed her a hairbrush.

"Thanks," Julie mumbled, brushing her hair. It would look terrible, but she
didn't care.

"Once they get the security system up, we're as good as caught," Celina said
grimly. "It won't be long now; it's usually fixed the morning after."

"Where are we going then?" Julie asked, hoping her hair looked okay without a
mirror to check.

"We could steal a ship," Celina said uncertainly. "Hopefully by the time they
realise it's gone we'll be out of range of the weapons."

"Weapons..." Julie said flatly, putting the brush down. "I don't want to get
blown up."

"How else can we get away?" Celina looked beaten, as if she'd already given up
on escaping.

"Well... how did they get Susan and me here in the first place?"

"The portal room... but where will we go? I don't know any coordinates."

"They used it to get to Earth... I think," Julie said uncertainly.

"That would take us to wherever they arrived," Celina said, starting to look
hopeful.

"But..." Julie sighed heavily. "What about Susan?"

Celina was silent for a few seconds, her expression bleak. Wordlessly she handed
Julie the mind-control device, and walked to the door.

"We can't help her now," Celina said softly, hitting the door release. Putting
the metal device on her neck, Julie stood slowly and together they walked out
into the corridor



It was an effort for Julie to walk and act calm, when her thoughts were centred
on Susan. She felt like she was abandoning her friend to a terrible fate, if
even half of what Celina had said was true. The blonde had shared the
possibility that Susan could be experiencing it all as just a dream, and Julie
desperately hoped it was true. Celina had thought it best not to mention that
Susan's initial resistance was a good indication she was still fully conscious.

"I can't leave her behind," Julie said under her breath, staring at the backs of
Celina's finely toned legs. "There has to be a way to find her..."

A familiar sensation at the edge of her mind made her pause in mid-stride.

"Wait," Julie said in a low voice, her eyes searching. She hadn't noticed it
before, but it was close...

"In here," she said to Celina's confused expression. Keying open the door they
were stopped beside, Julie hurried through.

"What are you doing!?" Celina hissed anxiously, looking around the thankfully
empty lab.

"Getting this," Julie said with a smile, plucking her necklace from the grasp of
the machine which had been patiently scanning it. Putting the purple and gold
item around her neck, she turned and paused at Celina's expression.

"It'll get noticed," she said, her eyes still darting around nervously.

"I'm not leaving it," Julie said firmly, holding the necklace between her
breasts. Celina looked despairingly at Julie, but the slightly taller girl
wasn't backing down.

"Hold it in your hand, then," she conceded. "It'll get seen though!"

"Let's go," Julie said, nervous about lingering in the lab. Celina whimpered
fearfully, but took the lead, her head full of visions of getting caught.

"I wish I was better at this," Julie breathed, necklace clenched in her hand.
Nyssa had told her it was possible to find someone she'd had contact with, but
Julie had no idea how to do it.

"We need to be careful here," Celina whispered, looking back at Julie. "The lift
down is here, but it's also where everyone..."

As if to illustrate her point, a group of men entered the corridor ahead of
them, talking amongst themselves. Julies' hand was aching from nervously
squeezing the necklace, but the girls might as well have been invisible for all
the attention they were given. Celina looked back at Julie once they were past,
and gave her a relieved look.

Julie was a little disturbed that they hadn't been noticed at all by the men.
With her long blonde hair hanging down her back, the black, form-fitting suit
that Celina was wearing gave her an almost Amazonian appearance, and her figure
more than made up for any lack of breast-size she had. Julie had no doubt that
Simeon would like her wearing the suit, and yet neither of them had drawn a
single glance so far. She didn't want people to walk past and leer, but the
total lack of response disturbed her.

"Down here," Celina whispered, turning left into another corridor.

The girls passed an open doorway, trying to act normal in case anyone happened
to look. Julie froze a split second after she caught a flash of red out the
corner of one eye, her head snapping around.

For a moment she was speechless as she took in the occupants of the room. There
were a lot of guards in there, and a large dais dominated the far end of the
room. And standing between it and Julie, was a red-haired girl in pigtails.

"Julie!" Celina hissed back, her eyes wide with fear. Julie hurried forward,
before anyone saw her.

"It's Susan!" she whispered excitedly, standing beside the doorway.

"She's surrounded by a dozen guards!" the blonde protested, pulling tentatively
on Julies' shoulder. "Hurry, before they see us!"

Julie was silent, feeling the sharp pain in her fingers as she clenched the
necklace. Peering around the corner, she could see Susan's back, and the way the
suit hugged her familiar buttocks. She had no doubt it was her friend; the
different-coloured bows still in her hair gave it away.

She could feel the power rising within her as she continued to watch, her skin
tingling with it. She could do it... she could rescue Susan... she could...

"Stop that," hissed a male voice, grabbing Julie by the shoulder and pulling her
away from the door. Julie almost let out a squeak of horror at being discovered,
but the hand that slid over her mouth to prevent its escape was familiar.

"Dad..." Julie said uneasily, looking up at him.

"You need to get out of here, not perform dramatic rescues," he whispered
angrily, letting Celina go from his other hand.

"But..." Julie stammered, torn between loyalty to her friend and the chastising
look her father was giving her.

"Susan will be fine," he whispered firmly. "I put all this work into keeping you
safe and I find you right here, making foolish mistakes!"

"But..." she began, and wilted under his gaze. "I'm sorry," she said softly,
whilst her emotions raged inside. How dare he chastise her... she had to help
Susan... he left me for all those years... Susan...

"Go home," Seth growled, pulling back his sleeve. Julie got a brief look at the
device encircling his whole forearm as he keyed something in, and then his
sleeve was drawn over it again.

"Take her with you, too," he said, giving Celina a knowing look. The young
blonde looked strangely guilty, but she nodded obediently.

The air seemed thick with energy for a moment, and then with a silent hiss, the
portal opened, displaying the inside of Julies' bathroom a mere step away.

 "What about Susan?" Julie asked emotionally, glancing at the nearby doorway.

"Leave Susan to me," he said firmly, but with a reassuring smile.

Julie stared at him, and then put her arms around his chest to give him a hug.

"Take care of her," she said softly in his ear, and then stepped through the
hole in the air after Celina.

She got a glimpse of his face before the portal closed again.

--

Thanks to slavelucy for her proofreading skills

--




Chapter 9 - Homecoming



Susan was still reeling from the latest assault on her mind, every shred of her
consciousness on a knife's edge, waiting to fight for her life once more. She
could hear them talking at the edge of her thoughts, the man who had brought her
here, and someone else, someone barely remembered before the mind-control device
sunk its claws into her.

"...Julie..." The single word pierced her guard, and she instantly returned to
the world around her. Her memories were confused, and she had to take in the
world around her once again.

The roughly square room was large, its walls and floor the same, boring metal as
everything else she'd seen. The only thing that set it apart was the dais at the
far end, where a dark figure was seated, watching her.

He looked sick, like every minute was an effort for him to continue living, his
gaunt face making Susan wonder whether he was paying attention. His eyes made
her certain he was, the blood red irises glinting with a piercing hatred that
scared her. His dark blue clothes were free and flowing, hands almost hidden by
the sleeves hovering over what Susan guessed were controls. There was something
wrong with his shape, but she couldn't tell what was underneath the fabric
covering him.

Julian was standing beside her, his fingers tapping the side of his thigh
nervously as he waited. Whilst Susan couldn't see him, the guards that stood
either side of the room were just visible to her, black clothes blending with
the obsidian shine of their weapons.

"If the girl is missing," the man said slowly, "she may attempt a rescue of her
friend... be ready when she does."

"Security should be active within the hour," Julian informed him. "It won't take
long to find her then."

Susan felt her heart leap with joy and hope; Julie had escaped! Julie could get
back home and get help, and then she could get rid of this horrible thing...

"Give her something menial to do," the man said, pain flickering briefly over
his face. Julian nodded slightly in reply. The man's hand twitched almost
unnoticeably, which Julian took as a sign to leave.

"Come," he said firmly, brushing Susan's shoulder. Unable to do anything but
obey, she silently followed after him.



Giving every appearance of calm, Trig stepped into Julies' room. Slipping into
habit, he scanned the room, noting the broken drawer, the open wardrobe with its
pushed aside clothes, and the partially open curtains bringing light into the
room. His calm faltered as he saw Kate, sitting at the foot of the bed and
hugging something close to her, knees against her chest.

She looked up as she heard him enter, her emerald eyes puffy with tears. She
made a soft squeak, and squeezed the soft silk bundle of Julies' dressing gown
tightly in her arms. One of the hands gripping the gown relaxed, and Kate began
absently sucking on her thumb.

"Kate," Trig said sternly, knowing that Nyssa wouldn't approve of him letting
her continue. It had taken Moira only a few days to train Kate, but without
using any of her methods, it was taking a long time for the teenager to recover.

"Come on," he said, slipping a hand under her shoulder and lifting gently.
"Let's go find Simeon and see what we can do."

Kate nodded weakly as she uncurled from her position, thumb slipping from
between her lips. Trig could hear the soft sound of rubber squeaking as she
moved, and felt his loins tingle at the thought of what lay beneath her clothes.
He left most of Kate's re-education to Nyssa, but he knew of the fights they had
when trying to get her to give up the form-fitting outfit.

The sound of someone's voice made him pause, his head swivelling towards the
bathroom. Kate leant shakily on him, one arm still tightly wrapped around the
dressing gown. Stepping over to the bathroom door, he pulled it open quickly.

Seeing Julie stepping through the portal caught him unprepared, and for a second
all he could do was stare and watch as the opening in the air closed. It didn't
last long, habit taking his focus to the blonde girl accompanying the young
Dominant, her blue eyes staring around her in amazement.

"Welcome back," he called, ignoring the heavy feeling in his heart at not seeing
Susan.

The dark-haired Dominant turned away from where the portal had been and almost
flung her self into his arms.

"Oh, Trig!" she exclaimed, hugging him tightly. "I'm so sorry." His body going
numb, Trig held her close, not daring to think of what had happened. Even the
sight of her almost painted on clothing wasn't enough to reach him.

Unable to say anything, he watched as Julie went to Kate and embraced her
friend. The bundled dressing gown fell to the floor between them; Kate crying
like Julie had been missing for days instead of the night.

"Julie..." Trig prompted after a moment, his calm face hiding the fear slowly
killing him.

"She's okay," Julie said over Kates' shoulder, avoiding eye-contact with him. He
took a deep breath as relief flooding his being, even though he could sense she
was hiding something.

"But..." he prompted again, steeling himself for the worst. Wordlessly Julie
reached up behind her neck and removed the broken mind-control device from her
skin. It glinted in the light as she threw it clumsily to him, reflexes coming
into action and plucking it from the air.

Trig turned the almost innocent-appearing device over in his hands, trying to
fathom what it was for.

"It goes on your neck... and... takes over... your head," Julie explained, her
eyes averted. "That one's broken... Susan..." She trailed off, and pulled away
from Kate.

"Trig..." she said cautiously, palm up to receive the device that was currently
clenched in his hand. "Trig, don't break it any more..."

His face was rigidly calm, but she could see the rising anger in his eyes, and
the way the muscles in his arm were straining.

"Trig, let go of it," she said firmly, adding an edge of command to her voice.
He flinched and released his grip, dropping it into her hand.

"Sorry," she told him, and glanced sideways at both Kate and Celina. She
couldn't help the smile that crossed her lips at seeing the way Celina was
staring around the room, awed by the colours and the new things she had never
seen.

"We should go tell Simeon what's happened," Trig suggested, pulling himself
together. Julie looked carefully at him.

"Don't worry about her," she said, as much for her own benefit as his.
"Dad...Seth said he would take care of her."

She knew with only a glance that he wouldn't rest until Susan was back in his
arms. Giving her father a silent warning, she put an arm around Kate and called
back at Celina.

"Let's go."



"You're sure about this?" Simeon asked Julie, his face full of doubt.

"No... but Celina said it would work, and she wouldn't lie; she seems to almost
adore me!" Julie rolled her eyes at the thought.

"I noticed, she seemed to want to cling to you like a child," Simeon noted.

She had shared her story with him earlier, almost breaking down as she related
what had happened to Susan. Simeon was confused by the story, and he was almost
certain that she knew more than she was telling him. Celina had revealed little
information about the mind-control device, which he had sent off to the Council
ship parked in the gardens for analysis.

"Well..." Simeon prompted, looking at her expectantly.

Julie whimpered at him, standing in his shower with her hand poised over the
cold tap. Her hand closed around the metal, but she couldn't bring herself to
turn it.

"Just get it over and done with," he told her, unsuccessfully hiding a smile.
"You're not afraid of a little water, are you?"

Julie stiffened at the accusation. Giving him a defiant look, she deliberately
turned the tap as quickly as she could. In an instant the showerhead sprang to
life, cold water bursting forth and catching her in the face.

She gasped in shock, taking a step back as Simeon tried not to laugh. Gritting
her teeth, Julie turned around to stand under the flow of water, letting it drum
against her back.

"Oh s...shit this is c...cold!" she exclaimed, her teeth chattering dramatically
as she hugged herself. It was a supreme effort of will for her not to throw back
the shower-screen and leap into the waiting tub of hot water.

"Is it working?" Simeon asked, sounding amused as he peered at her. Julie shot
him an angry look, but she reached up and scraped at where the suit reached her
neck.

At first it seemed to have no effect, but a little work rewarded her with an
edge that she could pull at.

"Yes!" she almost yelled, stepping quickly out of the flow. Her fingers worked
at the neck, peeling it back like a sticker on a glass window. Slowly her arms
came free, and then began pulling it down her body. She was uncomfortably aware
of how her nipples stood out proudly on her breasts, seemingly growing larger as
she uncovered the soft flesh underneath the blackness.

The invasive suit slipped easily from her orifices like it had turned into
flimsy rubber. Leaving it like a discarded cocoon in the bottom of the shower,
she turned off the water and opened the door.

"Mm, very nice," Simeon hummed appreciatively, eyeing her. Julie grinned widely
despite her shivering, and embraced Simeon in a bear-hug, pressing her naked
skin against him.

"HEY!" he yelled in mock outrage as the cold water on her body quickly soaked
through his clothes.

Laughing playfully, Julie let go and prance naked over to the big, round
spa-bath. Whilst Simeon frantically tried to shed his wet clothes, Julie lowered
herself into the water, sighing as it closed over her skin.

"Thanks," Simeon said sarcastically, standing in his underwear with arms crossed
over his chest. "I come here to help and this is how you reward me."

"You're here just to see me in the nude," Julie accused, eyeing the bulge in his
underwear.

"Maybe I am," he replied slyly. Stripping off his remaining clothes, he slipped
into the tub with her.

"Simeon..." Julie looked at him across the surface of the water, her face pained
as she felt his legs slide against her own. She knew what her body wanted, her
recent exertions made it increasingly hard for her to ignore, but she couldn't
do it...

"It's Susan isn't it," Simeon stated gently, putting an arm around her as he
watched emotions flicker across her features. Julie made a weak attempt to pull
away, but he kept a firm grip on her shoulder, and a moment later he was drawing
her into his arms as she began to cry.

"I left her behind," Julie sobbed, the guilt that had been eating away at her
coming to the surface. "I didn't even... try to help..." She straddled his legs,
pressing herself tightly against him and buried her face in his neck to sob.

"You made the right decision," Simeon whispered reassuringly into her ear,
trying to ignore the softness of her skin against him. "If anything had gone
wrong, you could both be prisoners, or worse!"

"But... I didn't try!" Julie cried, moving so she could look at him, her cheek
resting against his shoulder. "I just... walked away..."

"And now you and Celina are safe here," Simeon told her, giving her a squeeze.
"We won't forget Susan, or the other slave-girls at this Station. And don't
forget your Dad's promise."

Julie laughed sadly between her sobs.

"You don't trust him?" Simeon asked. She shook her head half-heartedly.

"He tells me why he left... but..."

"...It doesn't make up for the years?" Simeon finished for her. She merely
hugged him tighter.

"I think he's done more than you think, Julie," he told her, smiling softly as
she looked up. Her violet eyes were puffy with tears, and her cheeks were red,
but he could see the curiosity in her face.

"You look awful," he said gently, and was rewarded with a rueful smile.

"You think Susan will be okay?" she asked him, her eyes searching for any sign
of doubt.

"Your father's spent most of your life hiding, but he has been taking care of
you, and I think he'll take care of Susan too." Julie looked up at him for a
second, before resting her head back against his bare chest.

"You think so?" she asked, sounding uncertain.

"He'll look after her like she's his other daughter," Simeon reassured her. "Or
else he'll have you and Trig to answer to. You just have to wait and trust him."

"But I hate waiting," Julie murmured, rubbing affectionately against him. Her
doubts remained, but she realised that there was no point worrying when she
could do nothing but wait.

"Waiting isn't always bad," he said slowly, his hands sliding down her back to
disappear under the water. Julie straightened up to look him in the eye,
squeezing his legs between her own as he cupped her cheeks in his hands.

"It can be very bad sometimes," Julie said in a sultry tone, leaning in close to
him. She moved her hips forward, feeling his erection pressed between them.

"Extremely," he agreed heavily, pushing off from the side with Julie clinging to
him.

Sitting her down on a seat jutting out under the water, he leant in and kissed
her on the lips. She returned it almost hungrily, their tongues sliding against
each-other. The taste of her made his skin tingle, like a rush of adrenaline.

"Ah," she breathed around his mouth, her own skin tingling pleasantly.

To Julie it seemed like a contradiction that she could feed off him like she did
Susan, and that he could feed off her in turn; it didn't seem to add up, but she
was thankful that it worked. Without Susan she would have been forced to
covertly feed off Kate, had it not been for Simeon's presence. She knew that she
would eventually have to tell Kate everything, but for the time being she was
keeping her differences hidden. She told herself that her friend was still too
fragile to know, but she wondered whether she was afraid of what Kate would
think...

"Hey," Simeon said gently, looking at her with an expression of both concern and
veiled lust. With a start, Julie realised she had gotten lost in her thoughts.
"You okay?"

She stared for a moment into his eyes, thinking how they looked so similar to
the ones she saw when she looked in a mirror. They had been a dull grey before
his recovery, but as the weeks went by they had changed to what he told her was
their original colour of bright violet.

"Yeah," she said, a smile crossing her lips.

"Susan wouldn't want you to turn me down just because she's been captured," he
said, misinterpreting her hesitation.

"She would be too shy to say so," Julie replied, a slightly sad fondness in her
voice.

"She'll be okay," he told her, smiling reassuringly.

"I know," Julie said hotly, as much for her own benefit as his. "Stop worrying
about me, and start using this!" With her arms and legs wrapped tightly around
his body, she ground her hips against his cock to illustrate.

"You little slut," he teased, his hands kneading the soft muscles of her
buttocks.

"I might be offended by that," she said slyly, and gently caught his lower lip
with her teeth. She let out a slight giggle as his tongue slithered across the
prison of her teeth, releasing him.

"What are you going to do about it?" he asked playfully, pressing her back
against the edge of the tub to emphasise his position.

"Mm," she hummed, feeling his cock pressed against her open folds. "Maybe
I'll..." She bent slightly, rubbing herself against his erection. "...do that a
little more."

"I might have to screw you if you keep doing that," he said, grinning slyly.

"Oh, really?" she asked, grinning back as she tightened her legs grip on his
waist.

"Over the side of the bath," he added, making her eyes widen with desire. Julie
moaned softly, and looking directly into his face, she ground her hips against
his own.

She felt him tense, and then they were moving, pushing them backwards with his
feet on the bottom of the tub. She let out an excited squeal and tightened her
hold around his shoulders as they moved, the water dragging against her naked
body, swirling between them and over her hot sex.

"You asked for it!" he growled, taking hold of her thighs in his hands.

"No!" She squirmed playfully as he pulled on her legs, untangling them from
around his waist.

Her hands began to slip around his neck as he turned her body around, pinning
her against the edge of the tub with his weight. She could feel his cock pressed
between her butt-cheeks, and her heart began to race as she thought about what
he could do in this position. She gave only token resistance as he pulled her
arms free and drew them up behind her back, forcing her to bend forwards over
the edge. Water curled down between her upraised butt-cheeks to caress her
delicate privates.

"Please," Julie pleaded, twisting in his grasp to look back at him. She could
feel the water running off her, running down her smooth skin to land on the
quickly soaking bath-mat.

Simeon entered her swiftly, wrenching a squeal of shocked delight from her lungs
as he slid deep into her sex. His entry sent pleasure up through her body,
vaginal muscles clenching to try and keep the hard intruder inside as he began
to withdraw.

Water still dripping from her body into the quickly growing puddle, Julie shut
her eyes and gritted her teeth as he began stroking rapidly into her. With every
thrust that shook her with pleasure, she felt the slight pain from her
shoulders, reminding her of his control.

Her world contracted to the hard stroke of his cock, the soft, wet sounds coming
from her body, the gentle lapping of water against her thighs and the side of
the tub, and the feeling of droplets falling from her breasts with every shake
of her body. She could hear him breathing heavily above her, and feel his
fingers slide as he tried to maintain his grip on her slippery skin.

"Yes-s-s," she hissed, spreading her legs further for him. Her vaginal muscles
clenched down on him as hard as her hands were on his arms, helping him to hold
her up.

Julies' toes began to curl underwater as she felt her orgasm approaching, its
warmth burning deep within her loins. Through her teeth she let out a pitiful
moan, wishing it could go on forever. It was too soon to cum!

"No," she breathed, trying to force it back down. Simeon could feel her body
tense in preparation and slowed his pace, but by then it was too late, and she
peaked, the orgasm washing over her like a tidal wave over her hastily erected
fortifications.

A long, drawn out sigh came from deep within her throat, but even as she basked
in the warm glow she knew that it wasn't strong enough. She still wanted more,
and the thought made her already glowing cheeks burn with shame.

Simeon slowed his thrusting as she purred in the afterglow, and released one of
her arms. She sighed in relief as the pressure on her shoulder was released, and
then let out a little yelp as Simeon's free arm encircled her waist and lifted
her upright again. Releasing her other arm he hugged her from behind, his cock
slipping wetly from her body due to the angle.

"Don't stop," she panted softly, her hands clasped over his as she twisted to
look over her shoulder.

"I'm not finished," he whispered playfully, and kissed her ear as he pulled one
hand free. She watched as he reached across to the corner of the tub and
collected a small, unlabeled jar.

"One leg up," he said, his voice gently commanding.

"Yes Sir," Julie replied in a teasing tone, trying to hide her nervousness.

 Her heart was pounding as she lifted her foot onto the edge of the tub,
extremely conscious of the way this exposed the pinkness between her firm
cheeks. His hand pushed on her back, making her lean on her knee. She already
knew what he had planned, but the touch of his lubricant-covered finger against
her tight hole sent a shiver up her spine anyway. She couldn't help but try and
lift off his finger as it slid past her defences, her cheeks reddening rapidly
at the shame.

"Not over the edge again," she whispered, shutting her eyes and squirming
slightly as he moved his finger around.

"Aw," Simeon said in mock disappointment, and pulled his finger out.

Julie was already thinking about what would soon follow as he guided her across
the water to where the submerged seat hid. Facing towards him, she stood on the
seat either side of him and squatted down, holding herself above his cock
protruding from the water.

She was almost shaking with anticipation as he placed one arm around her
shoulders and pulled her close. She knew she would probably enjoy it, but she
was still scared; despite her boast to Susan, it would only be her second time.

"Relax," Simeon reminded her with a whisper, gently putting his weight on her
shoulders with his other hand holding his cock steady.

"Easy for you to say," she breathed, laughing nervously.

He heard her indrawn breath as the tip of his cock touched her pink rosebud. He
couldn't help but be both amused and aroused by her fear... she was so complex.
She could voluntarily wear a pair of highly invasive rubber panties and enjoy
every moment, but the thought of anal sex turned her knees to jelly.

She whimpered softly, the head of his cock buried in her butt. With her eyes
squeezed shut, she tried desperately to relax and imagine that it was nothing
more than one of her big dildos she was lowering her self onto. She could feel
his warm firmness sliding past her muscles, the lubricant and water making his
entry painless and easy.

She felt her thighs touch the surface of the water, and moaned softly. Simeon
pushed harder on her shoulders, and combined with her quickly failing knees, she
slid down onto his lap in one swift motion.

"OH!" Julie gasped, unprepared for the sudden penetration.

"There," Simeon whispered in her ear, his arms encircling her body. Gradually
she relaxed and laid forward against him, letting his hands gently massage her
spread cheeks as she hugged him. She could feel the water lapping against the
hot, slippery folds of her sex, and despite herself she pushed down to feel it
brush over her clit.

Panting with arousal, Julie pushed her hips forward, grinding her sex against
Simeon's pelvis as she tried to adjust to the feeling of his cock inside her.
The sensations her muscles were causing as they tensed and relaxed around him
was amazing, and it took all his self-control not to simply pull her up off his
cock and start thrusting.

"Come on," Julie urged breathlessly, one of her hands snaking down between them
to rub her soft, pink petals. Excitement was quickly overriding her inhibitions,
and she began squeezing his cock between her cheeks, lifting herself up with the
arm around his neck.

"Slut," he whispered affectionately in her ear, and with his hands on her
buttocks he thrust upwards, burying himself to the hilt within her tight anus.
Julie let out a cry of shocked pleasure and gripped his cock tightly as he
withdrew. A moment later his hips moved and he was sliding back into her,
stretching her wide around his flesh.

Simeon's ribs ached a little from the force with which Julie was squeezing him
with her knees. She was breathing hurriedly in his ear, her breasts squashed
between their wet bodies. The way her anal passage gripped him was fast working
him towards a powerful orgasm, and judging by the way her fingers were working
her engorged clit between them, she wasn't too far away from one either.

Julie whined for a few seconds as he increased his pace, her mind totally
focused on the feelings in her loins. The fast, regular motion of his cock, the
feeling of her fingers pressed against her clit... Simeon began to tense up, his
thrusting more urgent...

"AH," he gasped, his hips slamming up to press against her behind. Julie
stiffened in surprise as she felt him cum within her, the sudden jet of warm
wetness within her unexpected. Her fingers ground her clit against her pubic
bone as she realised what was happening, pushing herself over the edge into her
own orgasm.

"Mm," she purred, gripping his body tightly as the pleasure washed over her. His
hands left her buttocks to hug her tightly, his cock twitching within her as the
orgasm faded.

"Thanks," she whispered tiredly, nuzzling his neck.

"You too," he replied, sliding off the seat with her. The water closed over them
until all that was visible was their heads.

Julie climbed off him with a groan, and sat down beside him in the water,
resting her head on his shoulder. They were quiet for a minute, slowly catching
their breath.

With a decisive grunt, Julie straightened and looked around for the soap.
Spotting it sitting across the other side of the bath, she moaned unhappily.

"It's too far away," she said to Simeon. He laughed softly, following her gaze
to the pale-blue bar.

"Go and get it, lazy," he admonished her gently.

Narrowing her eyes at the soap, Julie tried to grab at it with her mind, but the
soap seemed as slippery to her thoughts as it would be to her fingers.

"Do it the normal way," Simeon suggested, chuckling softly. "You won't achieve
much trying that."

Julie looked startled, before she realised that he could sense her attempts. Her
cheeks flushing red, she waded across the bath and collected the soap.

"I could do it before!" she protested, and playfully threw the bar at him. He
just grinned at her, watching as it hit the water in front of him with a plonk
and sank to the bottom. Julie grit her teeth, and made her way sheepishly back
across the bath.

"Was this after you saw Susan?" he asked as she reluctantly came to sit with him
again. She nodded.

"Then you were probably all emotional, which helped you use your ability," he
theorised. Julie began blushing furiously as she remembered.

"Tell me what really happened," Simeon said, grinning at her expression. Julie
was unable to look at him as she related the events she had omitted earlier.

"You little devil you!" he exclaimed in between laughs.

"Don't tell anyone!" Julie pleaded with him, her eyes wide with excited fear.

"Of course not," Simeon reassured her, his chest shaking with mirth. With a
groan he stood up in the tub and stretched. Julie stared up at him from her
sitting position with red cheeks, trying to avert her eyes from what now lay
right in front of her face.

"Why don't you get cleaned up and I'll meet you outside," he suggested, climbing
out of the bath. He collected the now limp, silky suit from the bottom of the
shower.

"See you," he said from the doorway, and blew her a kiss.

Julie waved back and gave a weak smile, still unable to quite believe that she
had told him. Trying to ignore the faint sound of his continued laughter, she
collected the soap and began to wash herself.



With a completely neutral expression on her face, Susan folded the sheets on the
bed before her, her hands moving with a practiced ease as she tucked it under
the edge of the mattress. With a casual glance over the neatly made bed, she
turned and walked out of a cell that could have been hers for all she could
tell. Taking hold of the handle on a trolley piled high with more neatly folded
sheets, she pushed it down the small hall to the next cell. The door opened
automatically for her, and she continued the routine of stripping the bed and
replacing them with clean sheets, the same routine she had been following for
what seemed like hours.

A passive observer inside her own body, Susan could do nothing but watch and
endure. Her arms were getting sore from working with all the sheets, and her
belly was rumbling with hunger. But all of the discomforts paled beside her
constant arousal.

She could feel her female juices running down her thigh as she worked. The soft
rosiness of her cheeks and the way her clit throbbed every time she bent over
were slowly driving her mad; made infinitely worse by the fact that she could do
absolutely nothing to gain release.

She knew why she felt this way; her body was telling her that it was time to
find Julie. But there was no hope of finding her friend and Mistress any time
soon. She clung to the thought that Julie was free and looking for a way to help
her out, but she had quickly realised that it would take a lot of time for a
rescue.

Be careful, she silently called to Julie, whilst outside her head she pushed the
trolley up to the next waiting cell.



--

Thanks go out to slavelucy for her help in creating this story

--




Chapter 10 - Dreams



Seated at his desk, Simeon was finding it hard to contain himself. His hands
were clenched on top of the smooth wooden surface, the papers usually covering
it pushed aside. A small screen sitting on the corner of his desk displayed a
slowly moving floor plan of the house, tracking a small glyph that he knew
represented Nyssa. Trying not to get distracted by it, he looked across at
Damien through narrowed eyes.

"I will not authorise any search for this station that the little girl says
exists," the Council Member said angrily, staring back at Simeon. "If you want
to save all the helpless humans, then you can do it on your own time."

"The Council won't look good for abandoning them now we know," Simeon stated
through gritted teeth.

"The Council," Damien responded smugly, "has put me in charge. I'll decide
what's worth investigating, and what's a delusion made up after seeing the
horrible death of a friend."

Taking a deep breath, Simeon let it out slowly. Damien had become more and more
of a problem for him lately. It was obvious he hated both Simeon and Julie, but
neither of them had any idea why. He wasn't particularly tall compared to
Simeon, a fact that he compensated for by never seeming to sit down.

"Maybe the Council will listen when it comes from Nyssa," Simeon replied with
forced calm.

"Nyssa is too busy mourning the loss of her precious Becky," Damien sneered.
"The Council doesn't fully trust her judgement."

Glancing at the screen's floor-plan again, Simeon saw the glyph representing
Nyssa move from where it had been waiting outside. His eyes shifted from
Damien's face to the door a second before it opened, and despite the serious
nature of the conversation he felt a touch of self-satisfied amusement.

"Hi Damien," Nyssa said with a smile, striding into the room wearing a dark-pink
jacket and matching pants. "What a surprise to see you here."

"Evening Nyssa," Damien replied, smiling coldly.

"It's freezing outside," she exclaimed, unzipping the jacket. "They say winter
is almost over, but it feels like it's going to snow again!" She shivered
dramatically, her breasts shaking underneath the plain, white shirt she wore
underneath.

"I'm sure you didn't come to discuss the weather," Damien prompted.

"Even if I had, it's nothing that concerns you," Nyssa replied smoothly,
glancing pointedly from him to the door.

"Well then, we shall continue this later," he told Simeon, trying and failing to
hide the displeasure in his voice. "Nyssa," he nodded respectfully at her, and
then walked out, leaving the door open behind him.

For a moment Nyssa and Simeon stared at each other, sharing the same thoughts.
He was a pain, and there was nothing they could do about him.

"We found it," Nyssa said suddenly, breaking the silence. "You were right, they
had a portal generator." Pulling her jacket off completely, Nyssa threw it aside
and slumped down in the armchair beside Simeon's desk. "We had to fend off the
electrical company, who were interested in why nearly every transformer in the
region blew at around midnight."

"Still functional?" he prompted. Nyssa shook her head in reply.

"They trashed it; there's no way we can get any coordinates from the system, let
alone a stable portal. The girls were definitely there, but beyond that..."

"So, there's nothing to do but wait." Simeon sighed grimly.



Physically and mentally exhausted, Susan walked down the painfully familiar
corridors of the slaves' quarters. She had traversed the halls numerous times
through the day, cleaning the rooms, mopping the floors, and delivering dinners
to the other slaves; it seemed like hours had passed since she had eaten her own
dinner in silence with the other maids.

The darkness of her body contrasted with the soft pink of her skin as she
walked, her small breasts only twists in the light shining from the black
covering. Her face was calm and impassive, hair down over her shoulders, leaving
messy strands hanging down over her face that annoyed her until the new occupant
of her body deemed them enough of a distraction to brush away.

It was only a day and a half since she had been with Julie, but since then she
had been knocked out twice and had sex with Trig, and the more her body had to
recover from, the greater her desire to be with her Mistress became.

She still couldn't quite believe that they had sealed her vagina shut, but the
tugging between her legs with every movement made it hard to ignore. The
Dominants had been annoyed by the "stench" of her arousal, and with a small
device they had caused the suit to seal the glistening entrance to her sex. Her
tormentors had amused themselves by pinching her engorged clit and chastising
her for being such a slut, before eventually growing bored with their games.

Curled up in the corner of her mind, Susan watched passively as her body turned
and entered one of the numerous cells. She had no idea whether it was the same
one she had slept in last night, as they all looked identical.

As soon as she was lying down on the cot the lights went out, plunging her into
darkness. Her body shifted around to get comfortable, and then went still, her
eyes slowly closing. Her fear began to rise within her, memories of the night
before clear in her mind. Would he come for her again?

There was a sudden change in her perception, causing her heart to skip a beat.
It only took a moment for her to notice the difference... she was free again!

With a soft squeal she sprung from the cot and was on her way to the door, the
aches and pains that had been plaguing her merely a distant memory. She didn't
stop to think why; she just stabbed at the controls to the door and dashed into
the corridor.

"Susan!" called a familiar voice from behind her. The young teenager spun, her
eyes widening in surprise.

"Julie!" she exclaimed, happiness flooding her being as she recognised her
friend's face. The first thread of confusion entered her thoughts as she took in
the glare directed straight at her, and she hesitated.

"Julie?" she repeated uncertainly, her face a mask of innocent bewilderment.

The tall girl's arm flashed out and grabbed Susan's wrist in a vice-like grip.
Susan let out a squeal of surprise and pain, unprepared for the violence as she
found herself being dragged down the corridor.

"OW!" she cried, grabbing at Julie to try and regain her balance. "That hurts!"
A door opened before them, a blast of cold air hitting her bare skin. Susan had
barely enough time to register shock before Julie pushed her in, sending her
sprawling on the cold, stone floor.

"Julie! W...what are you doing?!" Her heart was pounding with fear now, and a
growing confusion.

"Quiet!" Julie snapped, her heels clicking on the stone as she strode into the
room. Susan's heard the creak of hinges moving, and sat up to watch in horror as
the brightly lit corridor disappeared behind a solid wooden door.

Unconsciously Susan drew her legs closer as she took in the room around her,
terror beginning to squeeze her throat. With a sense of unreality, her eyes
moved over the heavy stone blocks making the walls and floor, the ancient
looking bearers holding up the roof, and the heavy iron lock on the door that
Julie was in the process of securing.

The air was cold, the only warmth coming from the burning torches mounted around
the walls of the room. Their light flickered across Susan's skin, across the
stone walls, and across the heavy, metal devices spread around what she could
only describe as a dungeon.

She didn't want to believe it was true, that she had been transported from a
Space Station to a cold, medieval prison by walking through a doorway, but the
stone under her hands felt real, and her eyes could see the strangely beautiful
shadows cast by the heavy iron cage in the far corner. There was a stone slab in
the middle of the room, and equally heavy shackles hanging from either corner.

Her gaze fell on Julie, and she shivered involuntarily. Her Mistress was wearing
a black leather corset that hugged her form tightly, cupping her breasts and
reaching down to just above the beginning of the black g-string that hid the
folds of her sex. The heels on her knee-high leather boots clicked as she walked
towards Susan, her gloved hands placed firmly on her hips. Standing over Susan,
she watched dispassionately as the confused teenager cringed away from her
violet gaze.

"J...Julie, what's g...going on?" Susan stammered, unable to make eye-contact.

There was a loud creak of leather as Julie crouched down, one hand grabbing a
handful of bright red hair. Susan barely had a chance to reach back and grab
Julie before she began pulling.

"AH!" Susan squealed, trying desperately to relieve the strain on her scalp.
"Please...AH! OW!"

Tears began to fill Susan's eyes as Julie dragged her by the hair over to the
stone slab in the middle of the room. She felt the cold stone edge cut into the
front of her thighs as she was pushed face-first over it, and then Julie was
climbing up to straddle her back.

"Julie!" Susan pleaded, pushing against the stone with her legs to try and get
free.

"Sit still," Julie growled angrily, catching one of Susan's flailing arms. The
terrified girl began crying as Julie closed the first heavy shackle around her
wrist, using the time to try and hide her other hand underneath her body.

"No!" she sobbed pitifully, her muscles no match for Julies' strength as her
second arm was shackled to the slab.

"P...Please!" she cried tearfully as Julie climbed off her and pulled the chains
tightly through the rings set into either corner of the stone, looping them over
sturdy pins at the base of the slab. Susan was forced to lie flat against the
cold stone, her arms now stretched out tightly either side of her body. She
pulled futilely at the shackles, causing them to dig into her soft skin.

"W...why are you d...doing this?" she sobbed, blinking tears from her eyes to
watch Julie as she walked around behind her. She made a choking sound as Julie
shackled both legs to the base of the slab, spreading them wide.

"Please... say something!" Susan tugged weakly against her restraints.

"I'm very disappointed in you," Julie told her from behind. She rubbed a gloved
hand up Susan's thigh, making her shiver at the touch. "You gave in so easily to
them."

"I didn't!" Susan cried, trying to look over her shoulder. "I... I didn't have a
choice!"

"You had a choice!" Julie snapped, slapping Susan's defenceless rear with her
hand. "But you were too weak!"

"No..." Susan protested weakly between sobs.

"You were weak, and you let them control you!" Julies' hand came down on her
behind again, and she cried out. The slap didn't cause much pain, but she was
scared and confused by Julies' behaviour. It hurt that she was being punished
for something she didn't even understand.

"I didn't... I didn't..." Susan pulled at the shackles, their heavy chains
ringing against the stone.

"You even came for them, just like a dirty whore," Julie said spitefully, her
hands sliding up Susan's thighs. She ran a finger across the black smoothness
over Susan's crotch, the suit parting at her touch to expose the glistening slit
that lay beneath.

"You seem to be enjoying yourself," Julie said in mock surprise.

"Please Julie... stop it, please!" Susan pleaded weakly. Julie ran her fingers
between Susan's labia, the blackness of the suit peeling away to expose the
soft, dark pink skin underneath.

"You are enjoying this, aren't you, slut?" Julie plunged two fingers into
Susan's sex, the rough leather scraping against her sensitive interior. Susan
squealed in pain and thrashed against the shackles holding her down on the
block, her eyes filling with fresh tears.

"Since you like getting fucked by girls so much, I think it's my turn to have
some fun." Julie laughed cruelly as she pulled her fingers free and placed her
hands on Susan's hips, the dildo now strapped to her waist positioned against
the girls' unprotected lips.

The terror that flooded Susan's mind washed away any thought of where the dildo
had come from. All she could think of were the inches of black, studded rubber
pressed against the entrance to her vagina, and how she had no way of defending
herself from it.

"Oh no... No...NO!!" Susan cried, growing louder and more frantic as Julie
pressed harder. "Please Julie! Don't...AH!"

With one violent thrust of her hips Julie sent the dildo arrowing forwards into
Susan's sex, burying it deep within her warmth. Susan let out a long squeal of
betrayal and pain as Julie began to stroke in and out with the strap-on, the
hard, fat rubber stretching her painfully wide.

"Please... don't..." Susan sobbed, tears squeezing past her tightly shut eyes.
Her body shook with each stroke of the rubber cock into her pussy, sending
stabbing pain through her wrists and ankles as the shackles cut into her. A part
of her knew that relaxing would make it easier, but her thoughts disappeared
underneath the tide of hurt and confusion she felt.

"Keep squealing!" Julie snarled at her, thrusting hard with her hips. The dildo
disappeared to the hilt in Susan's body, the studs over its surface tearing at
her lining. She let out a pained scream as the tip hit her cervix, bucking
against the cold iron holding her captive.

"Oh fuck yes," Julie panted, almost withdrawing the dildo from Susan before
slamming it back in to the base once again, pressing her hips against Susan's
buttocks.

Susan cried out again, straining against the shackles. Her bare nipples rubbed
against the rough stone surface below her, adding a little more pain to her
torment. She wasn't concentrating enough to notice that the suit she had been
wearing only minutes ago was gone, and she was now totally naked.

With the base of the dildo grinding against her clit with each push, Julie was
fast reaching a powerful orgasm. One hand let go of Susan's waist to disappear
underneath the front of the strap-on, squeezing her clit as she watched the
glistening rubber projecting from her hips disappear into Susan's body. Her
labia were stretched tightly around the studded intruder, the neat little holes
of her piercings clearly visible.

"Yes... ye-s... m-ah!" With a loud, orgasmic grunt Julie thrust deeply as she
came, grinding her hips against Susan to further stimulate her clit. Susan
sobbed uncontrollably as Julie leant forwards to push deeper, feeling the small
jerks of the dildo as her mistress's hips shook.

"Thanks, slut," Julie said, unceremoniously unbuckling the dildo from her hips
and climbing off it. Susan let out a loud sob as the discarded rubber toy slid
slowly from her body and dropped to the ground at Julies' feet.

"And now," Julie began, kicking the strap-on away, "since you've been such a
good girl..."

Breathing heavily, Susan turned to look over her shoulder. She moaned in fear as
she saw Julie crouch down, and felt her rough leather fingers probing at her
lips. Half-expecting Julie to force her to cum, Susan was initially confused by
the sensation of cool metal slipping through a piercing.

Her confusion lasted only a moment, as with a distant rattle of chain, something
pulled hard on her soft, glistening lip. She whimpered softly, her body tense as
she waited for the almost painful pull to end. As Julie began to repeat the
process with the opposite lip, Susan realised what was happening. A part of her
recalled that Julie had once threatened to hang weights from her pussy, but the
thought disappeared with a cry as Julie let the second one fall, sending pain
shooting through her lip as it reached the end of its' chain.

"A few more," Julie called, using the back of her hand to start the weights
swinging.

With every breath a soft, pained whine, Susan lay still and tried not to cry as
Julie hung more of the iron weights from her soft flesh. If she had been able to
think clearly, she might have wondered where the weights had come from, but the
pain and confusion she felt made the inconsistencies around her seem
meaningless.

"Beautiful," Julie said proudly, lifting all the weights on her open palm. Her
violet eyes watched as Susan relaxed in relief, before she snatched her hand
back, letting them drop sharply. Susan let out a wounded squeal and surged
against the merciless iron of her shackles. A smile crossed Julies' lips as she
watched her prisoner go limp in defeat and start to sob brokenly.

Heels clicking against the stone floor, Julie slowly walked around to the front
of the slab. Her tightly shut eyes red and puffy, Susan listened to Julie
approach and turned her head away, trying to hide her face in her bare shoulder.

"No!" Susan protested in the barest whisper as Julie took a handful of her long,
red hair and lifted, forcing her to look forward. She gave up after a second,
and opened her eyes.

"Why?" she asked, her voice cracking with emotions; betrayal, confusion, pain.

 She shied away as Julie brought her free hand up and, to Susan's surprise, ran
the tips of her fingers tenderly up her tear-streaked face. For an instant, she
thought she recognised the loving Julie she remembered.

"It's just a dream, Susan," Julie said in a surprisingly urgent tone.

And then she was gone, and the hand drew back and in a flash slapped Susan
across the cheek, causing her to burst into tears. Her head fell limply to bang
against the stone as Julie let go of her hair. She made a soft gasp at the pain,
but didn't move.

"You stupid girl," Julie snarled, walking around to the back of the slab again.

Susan barely saw the motion out of the corner of her tear-streaked eyes. There
was a soft, almost innocent swish, followed by a loud crack as pain exploded
across her backside. Susan let out a cry and convulsed reflexively in her
restraints, setting the weights in motion once more as an angry red line grew
across her smooth cheeks.

"Wake up," Julie called, the last word a grunt as she swung the cane in her
hands again. The sound of its impact against Susan's skin filled the room,
followed a moment later by her strangled scream of pain.

"It's not real!" Julie almost yelled, and brought the cane down on Susan's
behind once more. She heard what Julie was saying, but the pain was clouding her
thoughts.

"Susan, concentrate on my voice!" The cane slammed into Susan's rear, making her
whole body jerk with the force. Even as she screamed, a part of her was
listening, trying to understand.

"Concentrate! It's not real!" Julies' voice sounded wrong now, distant and yet
clearly masculine. As Susan began to wonder, the sensation of the cane began to
fade, the pain becoming further and further detached from her. It wasn't real;
it was just a dream...

"Close enough," the voice said. With a snap the dream was gone, fluttering away
into the shadows of her mind. She could hear something strange now, like someone
in pain but who had forgotten how to scream. What was it? It seemed close...

As soon as Susan realised that the person screaming was her, sensation came
crashing in once more. There was a ghostly sensation of pain as her mind took
control of her body once more, and then in one convulsive move she sat up on her
cot, a half-finished cry dying in her throat.

"W...What..." she began, shaking in the arms of someone who seemed slightly
familiar. She could feel sweat dripping off her face, taste the salt on her
lips. Something seemed to grow within her, something she couldn't recognise. Her
companion sensed it though, and rolled her over as she threw up violently on the
floor, making pitiful choking noises.

"Just let it happen," he said soothingly, one strong hand holding her waist with
the other providing support for her head so she didn't make a mess of herself.

Susan moaned sickly as she tried to breathe, setting off another bout of painful
dry retching. Pouring all her remaining energy into calming her stomach, she
hung limply in his arms as the heaving tapered off. She felt totally drained
now, driven to the edge by an ordeal that had been confined to her skull.

Once she could hold her own head up, her companion pulled one of the
pushed-aside sheets off the bed. She was too exhausted to struggle as he gently
wiped her face clean, despite being unable to see anything in the pitch-black
room.

"You're not Julie," she said shakily as he discarded the dirty sheet onto the
floor.

"No," he replied, brushing her hair back with his hand.

"But you... smell like her," Susan told him, almost too tired to be confused.

"She's my daughter," Seth whispered. "Shush," he said, touching her lips before
she could say anything else. "Just go to sleep, Susan. You're safe."

She was too exhausted to feel the mental suggestion in his voice. Alone in her
head once again, Susan slid into the comfort of oblivion.



With her dressing-gown wrapped tightly around her body, Julie followed Trig down
the hallway to Simeon's room. Her arms were crossed tightly under her breasts,
trying to hide the brown, furry bundle of her teddy bear. She had almost left it
behind, dreading Trigs' amused smile at a Dominant taking comfort in a stuffed
toy, but the thought of it sitting alone in the darkness made her sneak it out
of her room.

They were taking no chances tonight. On Simeon's insistence, Julie would sleep
in his room and Trig would sleep next-door in the study. Despite denying that
they had let anyone in last night, the maids had been instructed not to let
anyone into the house, and Simeon had included the Council envoy. He had enough
problems without Damien looking over his shoulder the whole time.

Trig halted outside Simeon's bedroom door, standing to one side as Julie caught
up.

"Good night," he said in a low voice, watching her closely. Julie leant in and
gave him a kiss on the cheek, her violet eyes mirroring the worry she saw in his
face.

"You too," she breathed, and stepped through the doorway.

--

Thanks go out to slavelucy for her help in making this story better than I could

--




Chapter 11 - Freedom



Squeezed into a corner of the small cargo-bay, Lyn tried to make her self
comfortable amidst the heavy, steel boxes stacked there. In the dim light thrown
from the little LED's glowing nearby, her dark-adapted eyes could just make out
her feet squashed up against the side of the box opposite her.

"This trip had better not take very long," she muttered, giving up trying to
find a comfortable sitting position. Lying herself down between the boxes, she
rested her head on the floor and tried to relax, letting the soft hum of the
engines below fill her mind.

"Fuck!" she cursed under her breath, rolling over onto one side. The hard, flat
surface of the box underneath her was extremely uncomfortable as a sleeping
surface.

"Oh, forget it," she grumbled, getting up and climbing off the box.

Her eyes searching the darkness all around her, she crept over to where she
could see the LED's glowing. Before the lights had gone off, she had gotten a
good look at the long, pill-shaped containers stacked neatly in columns. There
were about a dozen cradled in their specially designed harnesses, filling a full
half of the cargo-bay.

"I wonder..." she breathed to herself, peering at the line of status LED's.
Running her fingers around them, she located a seam in the otherwise smooth
exterior. Following it around, she was able to open the controls for the
container.

"Hmm," she said thoughtfully, her face aglow with light from the exposed screen.
For a moment, all the strange symbols and jagged lines scrolling across meant
nothing to her, but then cold realisation hit and she took a step back in
horror.

"Watch out," Moira hissed from the darkness as Lyn bumped into her. Thinking she
was still alone, Lyn jumped in shock.

"Oh crap," she breathed, glaring at the silhouette of Moira. "Don't sneak up on
me like that!"

"You were making enough noise down here that they could probably hear you
upstairs!" She could feel Moira's disapproving frown.

"Bah," Lyn spat, turning back to the controls. "Have a look at this. Is that
a..."

"...a heart-beat?" Moira finished. "Yes. They're shipping people in those
things."

Lyn shuddered, and not only from the thought of being transported like cargo.
She didn't like the sound of fascination in Moira's voice.

"Why, though? Why were they putting people in those tanks as well?" Feeling
cold, Lyn moved closer to study the controls.

"I don't know why," Moira said in a low voice. "But I have a few ideas, and none
of them are good."

"We should let these people out," Lyn said firmly, her fingers already feeling
at the controls.

"And then what? Hijack the ship from the men with guns?" Moira shook her head.
"We need to stay hidden; leave them for now."

A bright light started flashing on the controls, causing Lyn to snap her hand
back. Quickly she shut the control panel, her heart thumping. "Stupid girl,
stupid, stupid girl," she chastised herself mentally.

"I managed to steal some spare blankets," Moira told her, as if nothing had
happened. "They should make things a bit more comfortable, depending on how long
this takes."

Lyn nodded, looking nervously at the container she had touched. Nothing seemed
to have happened...

"Do you think they can hear us?" Experimentally she tapped a tune on the
exterior of the container, leaning in to listen for a few seconds afterwards.

"If they can, they can't respond," she answered herself dully, hoping whoever
was inside would forgive her for whatever she had caused.

"Leave them alone," Moira suggested, the edge in her voice making it
non-negotiable. "Don't give them false hope."

Lyn sighed, and turned away from the container. I will help them, she promised
herself.



All Jessica had to tell the time was the soft thudding of her heartbeat. The
time between Moira shooting Lyn and herself with the dart and waking up in the
darkness was filled with broken memories, disconnected images and sensations
that made no sense to her.

The first few moments after awareness returned were filled with the terror of
drowning. Her body went rigid and she pushed upwards, seeking air as her mouth
opened to exhale a chest-full of warm liquid. But her face was brought short by
the soft, resilient roof of her new world, and the next breath she took filled
her lungs with more liquid.

Her panic rising, she frantically searched for some way to escape from what she
was certain would become her watery grave, hands and feet pushing and probing
the confining walls. Her bare skin found nothing but the impassive, silky walls
that contained her; there was no air, and no way out.

Blindly gasping like a fish, Jessica felt disappointed as she admitted defeat,
thinking of all the things she didn't get to do. She began to feel light-headed
as the oxygen in her blood ran low, spots swimming across her vision. It
couldn't end like this...

On the verge of passing out, her body took a sudden breath, filling her lungs
with liquid. She had no doubt she was going to die, even as she felt the rush of
oxygen returning to her brain. Another convulsive breath brought clarity to her
thoughts, along with confusion as she felt unconsciousness retreat.

Her mind reeling, Jessica allowed herself to return to a regular breathing
pattern, sucking in the oxygen-rich liquid and then exhaling. The feeling of
drowning returned along with it, causing her to start gasping again. By now she
had realised that she wasn't really going to die, but the thought provided no
comfort.

Trying desperately to relax and breathe the warm, oxygenated liquid that
surrounded her, Jessica explored her horizontal prison. It was roughly
cylindrical; thin enough that she could flatten her naked body against one side
and use her elbow to just touch the other, and long enough so that with her feet
flat on the end, she could easily reach the top with her hands.

Gentle currents caressed her skin as she searched the darkness, but she couldn't
find the source of the disturbances. Was the liquid that surrounded her coming
through the walls, slowly filtering out any impurities and replacing them with
life-giving oxygen? Her exploration revealed nothing though; every bit of the
interior of her world was as smooth and featureless as the next bit... except
for one.

With a little wriggling she rolled over onto her side and reluctantly pulled her
legs up to her bare chest, one hand slipping down between them. She had felt it
during her movements, but had been reluctant to touch it until now, dreading
what she would find.

She felt a chill run through her as her exploring fingers touched what felt like
the smooth wall of her prison where the soft skin of her pubis should be. Her
hand shaking, she followed the edge where her skin disappeared under the foreign
substance, tracing it down between her legs and back up between her buttocks.
She shuddered as her arm brushed against the umbilical that it was connected to,
the snake-like tube tethering her to the wall down near her feet.

Her heart was pounding as she pressed against where it covered her sex, feeling
something almost like jelly moving underneath. Pressing lower, she felt the
jelly moving over her clit, and between her slightly parted lips. Nearing the
base of the umbilical, she pressed down and felt where she was penetrated by the
attachment, the small finger that invaded her vagina expanding as the jelly
moved.

Her vocal cords tightened as she exhaled sharply, but without any air her cry of
dismay went no further. A horrible feeling of violation filled her mind, and she
cracked. Both hands closed tightly around the umbilical, squeezing out the jelly
that filled it. She wasn't sure whether it was alive or some kind of weird
machine, but she hated it, and with a burst of strength she yanked hard on the
umbilical.

Her mouth opened in a silent scream as what felt like a million hooks dug into
her soft flesh. She let go reflexively, pulling her hands away from the
attachment that was still moulded to her body. Tears filled her eyes and were
washed away by the liquid surrounding her.

Her chest shaking silently with her crying, Jessica remained in her foetal
position, trying to ignore the tingling of remembered pain between her legs. She
didn't know how long she had been asleep, and her fragmented memories provided
no comfort. What had happened? Was this Moira's doing?

She knew it wasn't, and the knowledge chilled her. Despite her womb-like prison
she had to admit she was relatively comfortable and free to move around, and
from what she remembered of their briefing on Moira, she loved her victims to be
both uncomfortable and tightly restricted. Even if she had changed her tactics,
Jessica knew that not even Moira had the kind of technology to join flesh
with... whatever it was moulded to her genitals.

Her thoughts were interrupted as the umbilical between her legs shook, suddenly
coming to life. Her heart-rate increasing rapidly, she reached down and touched
the snake-like tube, feeling as it throbbed, like something was moving within
it...

It expanded suddenly in her hand, and she let out a soundless cry of fear as she
felt something fluid pulsing through it. She had a moments warning of warmth
against her anus, and then it was flowing rapidly past the tightly clenched
muscle and up the tube she could now feel snaking its way into the depths of her
bowels.

Recovering quickly from the horror she felt, Jessica desperately clamped down on
the umbilical with her hands, halting the flow into her rear. Her chest heaved
as she breathed rapidly, her diaphragm aching from the effort despite the
thinness of the liquid. She strained for a few moments as the pressure mounted,
fighting desperately despite the fluid already escaping through her fingers, but
she quickly realised that she couldn't stop it indefinitely.

She began to cry as she relaxed her hold, the sensation of the warmth travelling
up inside her revealing how deeply the tube went. The resulting burst of warm,
thick fluid into her bowels filled her with shame and discomfort. She had always
refused when her Master had suggested enemas, and the fluid forcing its way into
her felt every bit as bad as she had imagined.

The sudden sound of tapping caught her attention. It was distorted by the liquid
surrounding her, but as it continued, a familiar tune emerged.

"Lyn!" she mouthed silently. The growing fullness in her belly forgotten, she
braced herself and beat hard against the top of her prison. Excitement filled
her thoughts, even as she realised the walls were easily absorbing her attempts
to communicate. She could be wrong, but only Lyn would have chosen that tune!

Clinging to the small hope of rescue she now had, Jessica gave up her efforts
and tried to relax as the enema filled her, listening for more tapping. The
pressure her raised legs were putting on her colon made her lie out flat,
holding her belly as it continued to swell.

The flow ended after another minute, leaving Jessica alone and feeling violated.
She hated the bloated feeling of her belly, and she hated the thought of
expelling it, but she had no choice. Shutting her eyes in the darkness and
lifting her legs, she bore down with her stomach muscles. She groaned silently
in discomfort, but the umbilical kept her plugged and refused to let any of the
horrible liquid out.

"Please," she silently pleaded, holding her distended belly and wishing for
freedom. She wanted to see something, to touch something, to feel the comforting
presence of something solid and real, instead of the squishy walls around her.

She was unprepared as the umbilical suddenly started sucking, rapidly drawing
the liquid from her body. She squealed silently in shock and discomfort as what
felt like her guts were drawn out her anus. A wave of nausea hit her as more of
the foul liquid was forcibly pulled from her, and she had to concentrate on
keeping control of her stomach.

As suddenly as it had began, the suction ended, leaving Jessica drained and
crying brokenly. There was no longer anything comfortable about her womb-like
world. The umbilical felt like an intruder between her legs, just waiting for
the signal to rape her body again. She hated how helpless it made her feel, how
at any moment it could fill her with something painful and she could do nothing
to prevent it.

Still sobbing silently, she curled into a ball and hugged her knees, dreaming of
light and freedom.



Julie awoke slowly in the morning, hovering on the verge of consciousness as she
luxuriated in the warmth of the bed. She could feel her teddy against her, and
shifted slightly to bring his softness close, part of her laughing at how
childish it was.

She could hear Simeon talking in a low voice, and despite wanting to continue
sleeping she found her self listening to his words.

"...no signs of forced entry. The windows are always locked, but hers wasn't."

"Then this was an inside job?" Nyssa's voice reached Julies' ears, and she
shifted her head on the pillow to hear easier.

"It has to be," he replied. "Security was disabled in her room, so no-one
noticed their entry. And no alarms were tripped when they left. Security should
have gone crazy when it found two people it didn't see arrive."

"Then it is an inside job," she sighed. "And they know our technology, so it's
one of us."

"It could be anyone who actually performed it, if they were given the
instructions." Simeon sounded weary already.

"We can trust the maids," Nyssa told him "I spoke to all of them, and they don't
know anything."

Julie wondered how she could sound so sure, before remembering just how
persuasive a Dominant could be. It chilled her that she could force someone to
tell the truth just by asking.

"It's someone from the Council's envoy," Simeon said flatly. Nyssa didn't
respond, as they both shared the same thought; Damien would not like hearing
that there was a traitor amongst his crew.

"How is she?" Nyssa asked softly. Julie could feel her mentor looking at her
from across the room.

"She's a tough girl," he replied, a touch of affection in his voice. "I think it
was harder to trust Seth than she let on."

"Did you tell her?" Nyssa asked him cautiously. Her curiosity spiking, Julie
dared to open one eye so she could watch them sitting in the corner of the
bedroom.

"Nothing specific," he admitted. "I can't be certain of what he told Cassandra,
or how much she believed."

"She recovered very quickly for someone who learned about us the way she did,"
Nyssa mused.

Julie shut her eyes, her mind whirling. Her Dad was talking with Cassandra all
along?

"She'll come looking for Susan," Simeon said. "She expects one night away, even
if she doesn't approve, but two nights..."

"Tell her as little as possible," Nyssa advised. They fell silent for a few
seconds.

"She's not very good at feigning sleep," Nyssa said in a low voice, just so that
Julie could hear.

"Let her pretend," Simeon suggested, sounding amused.

Feeling guilty for eavesdropping, Julie snuggled down under the blanket and
listened to them leave. She would have to get up soon, but for now she was
content to lie quietly and hug her teddy.

"Bring her back safely," she whispered.



Body and mind exhausted, Susan barely stirred as her black form-fitting garment
was sprayed with a fine mist of cold water and peeled off. Naked as the day she
was born, she was dried off and then laid out on a soft bed. She dreamed that
Julie was there, smiling as she lovingly tied back her hair. Her dream-self
blushed as she offered her hips for the comfort of the chastity belt, feeling
the plugs slip deep into her body as it closed around her. Warm and safe, the
darkness of sleep took her away.

She awoke what seemed like days later, her blue eyes fluttering open to see the
thick, grey sheet surrounding her bed. The air smelt like Julie, but it was
different, more masculine. She had a dim memory of a male Julie holding her, but
she couldn't remember any details.

Looking up, she saw the top of the bunk bed she was lying in, the makeshift
curtain pushed underneath the mattress above. The bed was in the corner, with
two walls hard steel and the remainder covered by the curtain.

Pulling one arm from the warmth of the blankets, Susan lifted the bottom of the
sheet and peeked underneath. She winced at the light, but her eyes quickly
adapted, showing her the small room she was in. There was a small table in the
middle with two chairs, and a bigger desk on the far wall, covered with glass
and machines that she had never seen before. She couldn't see any doors from her
position, and the room appeared otherwise empty.

Withdrawing her head back into the cosy shadows of the bed, Susan lifted the
blanket and looked down at herself. She was slightly disappointed to find that
the chastity belt she had dreamt wasn't real, but the black straps around her
chest drew her attention. She traced them with her fingers, following the one
that encircled her body below her small breasts, and the one that moved up
between the two soft bulges of flesh, splitting at the top of her sternum to
disappear over her shoulders and join with the strap again. As she followed
them, her fingers lingered on the collar that still encircled her neck,
reminding her of Julie.

Susan pulled at the strap between her breasts, wondering why it was fatter than
the rest of them. It seemed sticky, and she had to exert a little effort before
it released her soft skin. She wondered what it was for, peering at its
otherwise featureless blackness.

"Maybe it's my new clothing," she fantasised, pressing the strap back against
her skin. The sight of her small, firm breasts separated by the strap brought
the horniness she still felt to the surface. One hand disappeared under the
blanket to nestle in the rapidly moistening folds between her legs, stroking her
clit as she imagined being allowed to wear nothing but the black straps.

She moaned softly, spreading her legs wide for her fingers. Perhaps the fat area
would shock her as a punishment... She ground her engorged clit between her
fingers, her mouth opening in a soundless gasp.

She breathed deeply, drawing in the scent of the male Julie. Perhaps there would
be more straps to go between her legs, and they would shock her pussy as well...
Her other hand slid down between her legs as she looked down at the straps
around her body, watching the rise and fall of her breasts as she breathed.

 She could feel her heart pounding in her chest as she imagined the strap
between her legs, electricity lancing through her clit and making her writhe in
pleasure and pain. The electricity didn't have to stop there, she thought. It
could also go further back, and shock her tight little anus if she was very bad.

She arched her back and moaned again, brushing one finger across the pink
rosebud between her cheeks. They could have plugs on the straps, and shock her
deep within, forcing her muscles to dance for the merciless electricity.

Her fingers slid deep into her glistening sex as the orgasm she had craved for
so long washed over her, a long, drawn out sigh escaping her open mouth. It felt
so good, that for a moment she lost all awareness of the world around her. She
didn't hear the frantic footsteps as Seth burst into the room and flung back the
curtain, expecting the worst.

For a moment Susan was too shocked to respond, torn between wanting to continue
her self-stimulation and wishing the ground would open up and swallow her. Seth
reacted first, but surprisingly instead of being shocked by her actions, he
almost collapsed with relief.

"Oh shit," he panted, and started to laugh as he sat himself down on the floor.
"I should have thought..."

"Stop looking!" she squealed hysterically, getting tangled in the blankets as
she simultaneously tried to clean her hands and cover her nudity. Eventually she
just covered herself with the blanket and moaned shamefully, pressing her face
into the pillow.

"I'm sorry," Seth chuckled. "I thought you were dying or something... your
heart-rate went crazy! Here, let me take the monitor off..."

"Go away!" Susan cried, gripping the blanket tightly as he moved towards her.

"Don't be silly," he laughed, easily tearing the blanket from her fingers and
pulling it away. Susan moaned in humiliation, curling up tighter as she tried to
hide her breasts underneath her body. She stiffened as his fingers touched her
back, and with a click the straps of the monitor came free.

"There, you're still alive," he told her in amusement, gently coaxing her to
raise each arm so he could pull the straps up over her head.

Once she was free of the monitor Susan covered herself with the blanket again,
her long red hair on the pillow the only part of her visible.

"Come on now," Seth said, pulling gently on one edge. "You're a beautiful girl,
and you're not the first one I've seen enjoying the touch of her own fingers."
Susan whimpered softly, pulling the blanket tighter around her.

"Look, it's okay what you did. I've seen how things can get when you're away
from your Dominant for a while, and it's nothing to be embarrassed about."

When she didn't move, he prodded her sharply in the spine, causing her to yelp.

"I'm not going anywhere until you come out from underneath the blanket," he told
her firmly.

"Can't I get dressed first?" Susan asked dejectedly, letting the blanket move
back to expose her red face.

"You probably don't remember me putting you to sleep in the first place," he
told her gently. "I've seen most of you already."

"That's different!" she protested, her cheeks heating even more.

"Come on, I want to see the little minx that has my daughter so worried!"
Susan's face lit up at the mention of Julie.

"Is she okay?" Susan asked anxiously, looking to his face for confirmation.

"She's fine," Seth said reassuringly. "You can see her in a few hours, once you
have some food and get cleaned up!"

Feeling giddy with joy, Susan reluctantly relaxed her hold on the blanket and
sat up, her arms crossed over her chest.

"You remind me of Kelly," he said, his voice taking on a distant tone. "She was
always so shy and yet so naughty."

Susan blushed furiously even as she felt a touch of sadness for him, remembering
the video she had seen of Kelly. Slowly she lowered her arms and stared at the
floor, trying to ignore his gaze.

"I found some clothes for you," he said approvingly, standing up and turning
away.

Remaining in her sitting position, Susan watched him pick up the mess of clothes
he had flung in the general direction of the table during his hasty entry. She
felt the heat return to her cheeks as she realised there was no underwear, but
she accepted the offered clothes with a soft "Thanks".

She was grateful that he didn't watch as she dressed in the unfamiliar clothes.
The pants were slightly tight, and the shirt too loose, but she managed, pulling
on the loose shoes he gave her.

"There's no food here," he told her when she stood up. He pulled back the right
arm on his long-sleeved shirt, exposing the device strapped around his forearm.

"What's...?" Susan began as he stabbed it with his other hand, trailing off as
the portal opened in mid-air before them.

"Hey, Julie does that!" she exclaimed, hurrying over to look around the hole in
the air.

"Be careful, that pretty silver will shred your fingers if you touch it," he
warned. Worry briefly crossed her face as she peered at it, but she clasped her
hands tightly behind her back.

The silvery edges were neatly rounded, their surfaces shimmering slightly in the
light. The open end showed a totally different scene to the room she was in, and
the opposite side of the disc-like portal was the same, featureless silver.
Seth's warning was exaggerated, as the portal traversed a short distance so
touching it would only feel like a mild electric shock. It was the longer ones
that were more dangerous, but he thought it best that she didn't try at all.

"Happy?" he asked as he stepped through to the other side, smiling at her
curiosity.

"Mm!" she hummed in reply, looking amazed as she put one foot through and
stopped half-way. Her only previous experience with a portal had been a quick
glance before tumbling through with Julie.

"Best not to do that," he suggested gently, trying hard not to laugh as she
hurriedly hopped through. "Julie wouldn't forgive me if you got cut in half."

"In half?!" she breathed, her eyes wide with newfound fear.

"Come on," he chuckled, placing a hand on her shoulder. "Let's get you some
food."



The other side of the portal seemed like it was carved out of rock, roughly
circular tunnels snaking off either side of where they entered. Regularly placed
lamps along the ceiling cast pools of light on the steel mesh floor, cables and
pipes visible underneath.

"This way," Seth said, and started off down one of the tunnels. Susan followed
close behind, only half paying attention as she took in the cave-like
construction. She wondered if she was underground, but before she could ask him,
the smell of fresh bread reached her nose.

She purred happily, suddenly realising how hungry she was. Seth showed her the
small canteen through a side-passage, where the smiling cook proceeded to bring
food out as fast at the 16-year-old could eat it.

Seth refused to answer any of her questions about where she was, evading them
with enigmatic smiles or gestures for her to continue eating. She frowned at him
each time, but she felt reluctant to press him.

"Time to send you home," he announced once she had eaten all she could. Her face
lit up with excitement, and she almost leapt from her chair to embrace him.

"Thank you!" she said genuinely.

"My pleasure," he assured her, pulling back his sleeve again.

Susan looked closely at it as he did, noting the strange symbols on the inset
keys that covered its dark brown surface. They glowed softly as he pressed
several in deliberate succession, and then with a soft snap the portal slid open
beside them, making her jump.

"Can it open through things?" she asked, imagining the portal appearing in the
middle of the table, or worse.

Seth shook his head, smiling.

"Don't you worry your pretty head about that," he told her. "Go and give Julie a
hug for me."

Her face shone with happiness over the blush in her cheeks.

"I will!" she exclaimed, stepping through the portal onto the soft carpet of
Simeon's bedroom that lay beyond.

She turned around to say goodbye, but there was only the wall.

--

Thanks to the greatest editor I could ask for, slavelucy

--




Chapter 12 - Keeping Promises



Sitting on the side of the spa dressed only in her soft yellow towel, Julie
stared intently at the bar of soap balanced on the edge of the sink across from
her. If Simeon wouldn't teach her how to use her abilities, she would practice
by herself.

"Move," she breathed through clenched teeth, her violet eyes sharp and focused
on the soaps' milky curves. She had only finished her shower minutes before and
the air was still warm and humid, her short hair dripping water down her neck.

"Move," she repeated, leaning forward slightly. Unable to stretch further, the
towel slid down to expose the shadowy cleft between her breasts.

"Move!" she hissed, the beginnings of frustration making her grip the edge of
the spa. She had only the vaguest idea of what she was doing, but despite being
told that experimentation was dangerous, she had to try anyway. She wanted to be
useful; if she had known how, she could have helped Susan!

"Move!" she hissed again, louder this time. Was it her imagination, or did the
soap shift slightly?

"Come on!" she pleaded with the impassive bar of soap, desperation welling up
within her. She had to do it! But the soap remained in the steady grip of
gravity, silently defying her.

Julie stared at the soap as it disappeared behind a haze of tears. In one
horrible instant all the confidence she had felt, all the trust she had in Seth
and all the certainty that she would see Susan again disappeared from her mind.
She slumped forward and buried her face in her hands, putting all her remaining
self-control into remaining silent as her body shook with each broken sob.

As if to taunt her, she felt the power within her growing, tingling down the
nerves of her body. Her hands slid back over her tear-filled eyes to clench into
fists, and she hated it, hated the power that made her unique, hated it because
she couldn't control it, and hated it because she couldn't use it to help the
people she loved. She wanted it to be gone, to leave her alone. With a sob she
pushed it away from her, like a child pushing away a toy.

Being made of stronger glass, the shower screen survived the burst of energy
that shook the room. The mirror over the sink wasn't as tough, and instantly
turned into a hundred deadly shards.

Julie screamed in fright, raising her hands to protect herself as little pieces
of glass rained down upon her, too far from the wall to get hit by the larger
slices. She panicked, dropping her towel as she leapt from the side of the bath
to run back into the bedroom, shaking little bits from her hair.

Narrowly avoiding stepping on any of the glass, she launched herself at Simeon's
bed, burying herself under the covers. Naked and feeling dizzy, she curled up in
the darkness and wished for her old life.



Drawn by her scream, Trig flung the bedroom door open only seconds after, hand
poised to pull the weapon which lay almost permanently at his hip. He noted the
broken glass, the discarded towel, and the quivering bulge underneath the
covers. He sighed sympathetically, understanding her frustration, and closed the
door again.



Julie heard Simeon come in a few minutes later, having felt her moment of
uncontrolled destruction. She knew it was obvious where she was hiding, but she
remained still anyway, desperately hoping that he would leave her alone.

"Be careful, Julie," she heard him say softly, followed a moment later by the
sound of the door closing again.

She sighed, emerging from underneath the blankets like a feminine butterfly. Her
eyes were red and puffy with tears, and her short hair was a mess, having dried
in bed. Blinking in the light, she slid naked off the bed and made her way to
the bathroom again, the carpet tickling her bare feet.

She eyed the floor for a moment, before stepping out onto the tiles, placing her
foot on one of the few clean patches. Using her toe to push away a little cube
of glass, she put her other foot down. Her towel lay just out of reach still, so
she stretched out her leg and placed it on the edge of the spa bath to balance
her self.

Reaching for the towel lying amidst the broken mirror, she looked down, catching
a thousand images of her naked figure, legs lewdly spread with one arm
stretching towards the yellow bundle. She couldn't help the blush that touched
her cheeks, suddenly aware of how exposed she was.

Smiling slightly, she plucked her towel from the ground and straightened up,
shaking off the sparkling pieces of glass. Distracted, she didn't feel the
twinge in the back of her mind as Simeon's portal opened in the bedroom.

The sound of Susan's voice cut through her thoughts like a knife. She froze, her
violet eyes swivelling around to look out into the bedroom. Had she imagined it?

Then she heard Seth speaking, and her heart leapt into her throat. "Go and give
Julie a hug for me," she heard him say.

"I will!" she heard Susan exclaim. Her heart pounding, Julie put her leg down
and turned around, wrapping the towel around her body.

She heard Susan's sigh as she walked into view, her back to Julie.

"When I find her," she added to herself, looking around in confusion as she
tried to work out where she was.

"Susan..." Julie said softly, unsure of what to say. Her friend whirled around,
red hair swinging around to briefly cover her face. She looked shocked, for a
moment too surprised to say anything, and then her brow furled as she looked
past into the bathroom.

"I..." Julie started, her cheeks warming, "had an accident." When Susan didn't
speak, Julie made her careful way back to the bedroom and then almost leapt at
the redhead.

"I'm so sorry," she whispered, hugging Susan tightly. Remaining silent, Susan
slowly put her arms around Julie.

After a moment, Julie pulled back, looking down at her friend in worry.

"What's the matter?" she asked, disturbed by Susan's lack of response. Susan
turned away, taking a deep, shaky breath.

"I..." she began, but couldn't complete it. Keeping her head low, she sat down
on the side of the bed and hugged herself.

"Susan..." Julie prompted, her heart sinking. Trying not to shake, she joined
Susan on the bed.

"I wanted to forget it," Susan said softly, staring at her feet. "It wasn't
real... I wanted to be like it never happened..."

Julie leant in close, her violet eyes following a tear down her friend's cheek.

"You can tell me," Julie told her, voice quavering with the effort of
suppressing her dread. Susan raised her head, and looked at Julie.

"They... took over my head!" She paused to wipe away her tears, replacing her
hands in her lap. "It was like... I could see and hear and feel everything, but
I couldn't move."

"I know what happened," Julie said softly, reaching across to touch Susan's
hand. "It's over now."

"No," Susan choked, pulling her hand away. "Not just that..." She looked down,
taking another deep breath. Julie flinched like she had been hit, but she
remained silent.

"When I... she... went to sleep... the dreams..." Susan hugged herself again,
and continued in a whisper. "They were so real..."

Julie remained silent, her heart heavy. A part of her wished Simeon would come
in so she didn't have to hear what happened.

"I wanted to forget it," she repeated, "but I saw you and..." She trailed off,
her voice shaking.

"You dreamt about me?" Julie asked hesitantly. Susan nodded her head once.

"You... don't have to tell me," Julie told her, reaching across to touch Susan.
She flinched at first, but a moment later she took Julies' hand and squeezed it
tightly.

"I know it wasn't you," she said quietly. "But... I can't help seeing your
smile... with the..." She shivered, pulling on Julies' hand.

"Oh, Susan," Julie exclaimed, drawing her into an embrace. Susan sighed softly,
laying her head on Julies' chest. "I would never hurt you like that." Her voice
was full of love and reassurance, and Susan felt her eyes fill with tears.

"I know," she whispered, closing her eyes and relaxing in Julies' steady arms.
She could feel the warmth of the older girl pressed against her, smell the clean
scent of her skin, and she felt the tingle begin between her legs.

"Nyssa told me how you'd feel," Julie said, feeling the change in her friend.
Gently she brushed Susan's hair back with one hand and looked into her eyes. "If
you're too uncomfortable, it can wait for another day."

"I... don't think it can wait," Susan whispered, swallowing hard.

"We can't stay here then," Julie told her, glancing briefly around Simeon's
room. "We'll go to my room, okay?"

Susan let out a whimper, and made a weak nod.

"Let me get dressed first," Julie suggested, loosening her towel. Susan sat up
as Julie stood, letting the yellow covering fall carelessly to the ground. She
smiled at Susan's indrawn breath, and deliberately tried to show herself off as
she pulled on the clothes set out in a neat pile beside Simeon's bed.

"I think there's someone who might like to see you," Julie mentioned casually,
straightening her top on the way to the door.

Susan's face brightened considerably as she sprung from the bed after the older
girl. Julie led her out of the bathroom and down the hall one door. Trig was
already waiting there and before the young girl could react he had her in his
arms, almost lifting her into the air with a hug.

"Trig!" Susan squealed in delight, wrapping her arms around his body and
squeezing with all her might.

He laughed happily, placing one hand on her buttocks and lifting her up for a
kiss.

"I'm going to wrap you up in cotton wool and never let you out of my sight," he
promised, suddenly solemn. Susan giggled happily, enjoying being back in his
strong arms, so different from Julies'.

"That's a lot of wool," she said dreamily, making Trig chuckle.

"I'm sure Julie can help with something rubber in the meantime," he said with a
wink, setting Susan back down on the floor.

"Rubber..." she squeaked, pressing back against Trig even as she looked hungrily
at Julie.

"I've got a few things that would fit," Julie said thoughtfully, moving up to
take Susan's hand.

"I think we have all of Moira's slave training gear down in the basement, if you
don't," Trig told her, grinning deviously.

"We do?!" Julie exclaimed in surprise. So that's where it all went, she thought
to herself.

"Bring her back in something tight and restrictive for me," he instructed Julie
with a smile.

"Julie! Trig!" Susan looked at both of them, suddenly feeling extremely
vulnerable.

"I promise," Julie replied solemnly, eyes twinkling playfully.

"Have you eaten yet?" she asked, turning to Susan. She jumped at the question,
before nodding uncertainly.

"Good," Julie said with a smile. "Let's go then."

"But..." Susan protested, "Shouldn't you tell Simeon I'm here?"

"Trig can take care of that for us," Julie reassured her, and with a firm grip
on Susan's hand she started down the hallway.

"Trig!" she cried, looking back pleadingly.

"See you in a while, Sue!" Trig called after her with a smile that faded once
they were out of view.

He didn't want to feel jealous of the two girl's bond, but every time they were
together he felt uncomfortable, like Julie was slowly stealing her away from
him. Even though he knew their relationship didn't work like that, and there
would be no sex if it wasn't for Julies' ownership of Susan, it still hurt that
someone else was with her.

And now that Julie was being hunted, he was even more anxious when Susan was
with her. Even if Susan was willing to risk it again, she was young and he
couldn't bring himself to trust her judgement on it. It was taking all of his
self control to stand still and watch her walk away, and only the knowledge that
she needed to be with Julie now held him back.

When she disappeared down the stairs at the end of the hall, he started off
after them. Simeon had told him to guard Julie, and he would obey with a smile



Susan began whimpering softly as they approached Julies' room, increasing in
volume as the door closed behind them. She felt so horny it scared her; certain
that if Julie kissed her, she would agree to anything.

"Please hurry," Susan whispered, almost shaking with nervous excitement.

"I know," Julie breathed in response, pulling the curtain closed and turning on
the bedside lamp.

"I'm so horny," Susan admitted as her cheeks turned red, "that I... I actually
p...played with myself."

"Really?!" the young Dominant exclaimed, turning to look at Susan in surprise.

"I k...know... it was my f...first time not being t...told to."

"Do you feel guilty?" Julie asked, coming up to squeeze Susan around the waist.
The redhead nodded, breathing rapidly.

"Bad girls don't get to wear clothes," Julie told her suggestively.

"W...what do they wear?" Susan asked, taking the edge of her shirt and starting
to lift it. Despite its looseness, the hard nubs of her nipples stood out
clearly through the fabric.

"They wear big, red marks on their behind," Julie said, her thumbs slipping
underneath the waistband of Susan's pants.

"N...not too many," Susan breathed, lifting her shirt further to expose the
black marking that stood out clearly above her bellybutton, twin intertwined
lines cut across with a third, jagged line.

"And tight, slippery rubber," Julie added, pulling Susan's pants down slightly.

The young girl moaned softly, and in one quick movement she pulled off her
shirt, throwing it to the floor and baring her chest. Her nipples stood out
prominently on each small breast, the dark areolae that surrounded them
contrasting with her pale pink skin. Neither girl was tanned in the slightest,
the long winter having removed any effects of the sun.

The neck of the shirt caught on the collar that had encircled Susan's neck for
the past few days. She had no recollection of her captors' earlier attempts to
remove it or of the materials silent resistance to everything they tried; she
would have been more reluctant to wear it if she knew of its strength.

Smiling, Julie and slowly drew Susan's pants down to her ankles. Blushing
furiously, Susan bent over and undid the shoes Seth had given her, kicking them
off in the approximate direction of the shirt.

"Please just do it," she pleaded once she was naked, one hand already rubbing
between her legs.

"Hands behind your back," Julie snapped, stripping down to the black, lace
underwear she had put on only minutes ago.

"Please!" Susan whined, hesitating a moment before obeying. She rubbed at the
top of her buttocks with her fingers, embarrassed by the wetness she felt on
them.

"First, something to keep you quiet," Julie suggested to herself, crouching down
and pulling the box that now contained her 'toys' out from underneath the bed.
Her own silver vibrator was in there somewhere, but she knew it would remain
unused in favour of bigger and better toys.

"Oh yes," Susan breathed as her Mistress withdrew a bright red ball-gag from the
box.

Her eyes were wide as she knelt down and opened her mouth in submission. Instead
of the expected gag, Julie leant in and kissed her openly, the touch like fire
in her mouth as she instantly responded, lips joined intimately.

"I was so worried about you," Julie said shakily, breaking the kiss. Susan
licked her lips dreamily, her mind totally focused on the lingering taste of
Julie in her mouth.

"I know," she whispered back. "Please... I can't wait..."

Susan opened her mouth widely like a baby bird begging for food, happily
accepting the rounded rubber. As it was buckled behind her head she moaned
loudly, her blue eyes distant with arousal. In her kneeling position she spread
her legs again, her cheeks warming as she offered herself.

"Did you touch yourself without permission?" Julie asked her, voice firm as she
pulled a black scarf from the box.

Susan nodded urgently, eyes wide as the world disappeared behind the thick
fabric. She groaned around the gag, her legs moving further apart to expose the
dripping slit that lay between them.

Once she was certain Susan couldn't see anything, Julie removed a short, red
paddle from the box. It wouldn't be the first time she had used its leather
surface on Susan's behind, but it had been a while since the last spanking.

When she turned back, she noticed that Susan's hand was back between her legs,
working busily on the soft folds that hid there. She smiled and, keeping the
paddle a surprise, slapped the back of Susan's hand with her own.

"Susan..." Julie said sternly as Susan let out a muffled yelp and snatched her
hand back behind her.

"Stop being a slut," Julie chastised, taking Susan by the arm and pulling her to
her feet. Guiding her to the end of the bed, Julie made her put each hand on the
low, wooden bed-end and spread her legs.

"Further," Julie commanded, ignoring Susan's scared whimpering. The red-head
placed them roughly in line with each foot of the bed, bending down to thrust
the puffy lips of her sex out.

Julie couldn't help the excited shiver that ran through her at the sight of
Susan standing the way she was. Abandoning her original plan, she dropped the
paddle on the floor to come up and press her hips against Susan's. Susan moaned
and straightened up as Julie reached around her body to massage her breasts. Her
heart pounding, she let go of the bed and held Julies' hands with her own as
they squeezed the soft flesh on her chest.

"I can skip the spanking," Julie told her in a whisper, "...if you let me fuck
that naughty pussy of yours."

Susan went dead still as the memory of her dream came flooding back.

"What is it?" Julie asked cautiously, lowering her hands. Susan made a soft,
wounded sound around the gag filling her mouth.

"Did... was it the dreams?" Julie queried, her hands already working at the
buckle in front of her.

Susan whimpered again as the gag came free, and nodded her head.

"I'm so sorry," Julie told her, hugging her tightly. "Do you want me to stop?"

Susan's thoughts were in turmoil. Her dream-Julie had been so cruel, but the
Julie that was holding her now was so nice, and she felt so safe in her arms.
She knew she would cum if her Mistress used the strap-on, and that she would
never do anything like the dream, but the doubts still remained, and her
sex-starved mind could think of only one solution.

Her heart pounding, Susan took Julies' hand in her own and guided it back to her
breast, the red finger marks almost faded.

"Please..." Susan whispered, terrified of the words she wanted to say. "F...Fuck
me like the r...real J...Julie."

"Susan..." Julie began, sounding pained. Susan's reactions scared her, and
knowing nothing of what had happened in the dreams, she was hesitant to do or
say anything that might upset her.

"Please," Susan repeated, squeezing Julies' hand. "I want to know."

"You're sure?" Julie asked hesitantly.

"No," Susan admitted breathily, and rubbed herself gently against Julie. "But do
something fast!"

"No gag," Julie told her, uncertainty evident in her voice as she walked the
red-head around and lay her down on the bed.

Quivering visibly, Susan spread her legs and reached up to grab the top of the
bed, the tightening of her skin flattening her breasts out. Working quickly,
Julie stripped off her panties and pulled the red phallus of the strap-on from
the box. She tightened the leather straps around her waist, and pulled the final
one up between her buttocks, holding the anatomically correct rubber erect
before her.

Crawling up over Susan, Julie positioned the strap-on between her legs. With one
hand keeping her balance, she placed it against Susan's lips and began to push
forwards, slowly burying the hard rubber in her body.

Susan moaned in fear as she felt her lips part for the intruder, memories
returning in force. But the reality was already different, Julies' movements
tentative and cautious, and as it began to move deeper she arched her back and
moaned hungrily, willing her to hurry up.

Once the strap-on was firmly embedded within Susan, Julie ran a hand down
between their bodies and gently rubbed at Susan's clitoris. Her mouth opened in
a soundless cry, and she arched her back, lust filling her blindfolded face.

"I won't have to even move this dildo and you'll cum," Julie teased playfully,
lying herself down on Susan's body as she continued her rubbing.

 Susan whined loudly and tried to wriggle away from the fingers sending pleasure
coursing through her loins, her bare nipples rubbing against the lace bra Julie
still wore. Julie pulled her hips back slowly, drawing the dildo out as her
fingers worked Susan into a squirming frenzy.

She felt Susan's whole body begin to quiver from the approaching orgasm. With a
powerful thrust of her hips Julie buried the strap-on in Susan's body, its'
suddenness pushing the redhead over the edge. With her arms wrapped around
Susan's shoulders Julie held the dildo within her as she squirmed in orgasm, her
squeal cut off with a passionate kiss as her muscles tried to milk the dildo
firmly planted within her.

"Gag me," she gasped once her mouth was freed. Julies' fingers guided the rubber
ball back between Susan's open lips, and tightened the strap again.

Before Susan could adjust Julie was moving the dildo again, pushing it deeply
into her vagina only to withdraw and start again. Her mouth wide open around the
gag, Susan groaned as the rubber moved within her, pleasure radiating from each
powerful stroke. She could feel Julies' sweaty skin sliding against her own,
tingling erotically as her body recognised her Mistress.

She gurgled happily around the rubber ball, eyes closed underneath the blindfold
as she spread her legs wider in submission. Each penetrating thrust of the dildo
fed the warmth growing deep within her, less urgent than her first but just as
strong.

Her muscles clamped down on the dildo again as she came for the second time,
hands tightly gripping the top of the bed as its warmth washed over her.

"Good girl," Julie whispered as the young girl shuddered softly, their hips
pressed tightly together.

Smiling to herself, Julie reached down and unbuckled the gag once more, drawing
it from Susan's mouth glistening with saliva. Susan took a deep, hurried breath,
and then sighed loudly in contentment.

"You're much nicer than my dream Julie," she purred, basking in the warmth
suffusing her body.

"Now it's my turn," Julie whispered, pulling the dildo from Susan's vaginal
passage and rolling off.

"And no hands," she added. Unbuckling the strap-on, she threw it off the edge of
the bed as Susan shuffled down to crouch between her legs.

Despite the blindfold, she had no trouble finding Julies' sex with her mouth.
Her lips closed over the soft folds of flesh, tongue already outstretched and
eagerly exploring between them. Julie sighed loudly and shifted to get
comfortable, spreading her legs wider.

"Oh...y...yes!" she cried as Susan's tongue found her clit and began probing
around the erect organ. Squeezing the sheets tightly with one hand, the other
slid underneath her bra and squeezed the soft flesh of her breast, pinching the
nipple tightly. Susan's tongue felt so good!

Julie moaned as Susan pressed harder, reaching up to grip one breast and squeeze
the soft flesh as she spread her legs wider. Her toes curled as she lifted her
hips to Susan's mouth, her other hand holding the blanket in an iron grip, the
only thing stopping her from reaching down and grinding Susan's face against her
sex.

It was a strange sensation for Julie, being able to sense Susan and feel the
warm glow of her orgasm slowly fading, to feel the sexual hunger that still
drove her to catch her Mistresses' clit between her teeth and swirl her tongue
around it.

"Yes-s-s-s..." Arching her back, Julie gripped the blanket in her hand tighter.
She was getting closer; she could feel her orgasm approaching like the glow of
the morning sun below the horizon.

The sound of the door opening was clearly audible the quiet room and it took
Susan only a moment to realise what it signified. She began to raise her head in
horror, but Julies' hand beat her to it, holding her firmly down. She squealed
in protest, and the muffled sound was enough for Julie, orgasmic warmth washing
over her

Susan slipped away a few seconds later as Julies' hand went weak, panting
heavily. Before she was sitting upright she was clawing at the blindfold,
pulling it up off her head in a flurry of red hair.

"Oh," she breathed, looking at the two girls standing in the doorway with an
expression of utter mortification.

Kate stood frozen in the doorway beside Celina, torn between her wish to turn
away and run, and the powerful attraction she felt as she breathed in the warm
scent of sex. She felt a growing need to join them on the bed, to push Susan out
of the way and bury her head between Julies' thighs, even though she knew it was
forbidden by Nyssa whilst she recovered.

Next to her, Celina made a soft choking noise, her eyes locked on Susan's face.

"Susan..." Celina began, her expression changing from shock to the verge of
tears in a single word.

The sound helped Kate regain control of her self, and she began to take in the
rest of the room, noting the strap-on and the clothes strewn across the floor.

"Julie," Susan exclaimed suddenly, her face transforming into a mask of horror
as she recognised Celina. "It's her!" She recoiled visibly, raising her hands
protectively to cover her bare breasts.

"Susan..." Julie panted, sitting up on an elbow and trying to catch her breath.
"Susan, it's okay."

"No! She... she put that... that thing on me!" Her blue eyes were wide and fixed
firmly on the teary-eyed blonde.

"I know," Julie replied breathlessly, twisting to pick up her shirt that was
draped over the drawers beside her bed. "She was like you, Susan. She had one of
those... things too."

"She..." Her expression slowly changed to one of weary confusion. "She did?" Her
eyes turned briefly to Julie.

"I... attacked her, when I thought you..." Unable to finish the sentence, Julie
paused to pull on her shirt. "I broke the control thing... she's free."

Whilst Susan struggled to understand what had happened, Julie climbed off the
bed and tried to locate where she had thrown her panties. Quietly confused by
the exchange, Kate drifted into the room and began collecting the clothes,
bundling them together to give to Julie. Her mouth was open to speak as she
handed them over, but the Dominant's expression stopped her.

"You... you had one of those too?" Susan stared at Celina, her own eyes filling
with tears. She must have been controlled for days... weeks... Susan didn't want
to think further back, it was too horrible to contemplate.

"I'm so sorry!" Celina cried and ran forward to embrace Susan, leaning forwards
over the bed to pull her close. Recovering from her initial shock, Susan
shuffled forwards on her knees and returned the hug.

"Me too," she whispered, trying her best not to cry. She hadn't really given any
thought to the other girls at the station until now, every one of them trapped
in a world she had spent mere hours in.

"We have to help the others," Susan choked, turning to Julie with tears in her
eyes.

"We will," Julie said reassuringly. "Simeon and Nyssa are working on it."

"I'll help as much as I can," Celina promised, relaxing her embrace. Looking
happy but tired, Susan unfolded her legs and sat on the edge of the bed next to
Celina.

"See?" Julie came up and put an arm around Susan. "The Council will help them."

Susan smiled weakly, shutting her eyes as another weight was lifted from her
mind. The hunger she had felt for Julie had faded, leaving her feeling tired and
empty. Physically she was full of energy, but the past few days had taken their
toll on her mind. She felt safe with Julies' arm around her, and in her relaxed
state all the tiredness that had been held at bay flooded into her. She was
tired of action, tired of sex, tired of danger, and tired of staying awake...

In a moment Celina knew what was going on in Susan's mind. She could feel the
redhead beginning to lean back on her arm, a sign that sleep was fast
approaching

"Susan..." Celina called softly. "Come on, open your eyes, you need to stay
awake." She glanced at Julie for support, but she was already looking down at
Susan in concern.

"Susan, what's the matter?" Julie asked, sounding more worried than Celina had
expected. Julie was getting better at telling how Susan and Kate felt, and her
friend's sudden weariness had scared her.

Blinking slowly, Susan looked up again, her eyes dull and red with her earlier
tears.

 "I... just feel a little tired," Susan said, sounding distant. "I'll be okay."
Celina gave her a gentle squeeze.

Susan felt her eyes closing again despite her attempts to keep them open. Being
awake was so hard though, and the darkness of sleep was growing attractive. She
wasn't hungry, she wasn't horny, and she could feel Julies' comforting warmth
close by. Sleep would be so easy...

"Susan, remember the dreams," Celina whispered urgently. Having experienced it
only yesterday, she understood the sudden and overwhelming desire Susan was
feeling to sleep, but she also knew that she shouldn't sleep, no matter how much
she wanted to.

"Come on, Susan..." Julie repeated with increasing nervousness, looking to
Celina for help.

Susan's eyes opened briefly at Julies' voice, before the darkness became too big
and her eyes slid shut, taking her into the world of sleep.

"She's out," Celina said grimly, letting Susan lie back limply onto the bed.
"Help me get her comfortable."

Her face filled with worry and confusion, Julie put a hand under Susan's thigh
and lifted her with Celina, moving her to the middle of the bed.

"Go get Trig," Julie cried urgently at Kate. "He'll be in the next room."

"R...Right!" Looking equally confused, Kate dashed off through the bathroom.

Tears in her eyes, Julie pulled the blanket up over the naked and vulnerable
Susan.

--

Big thanks to slavelucy for her help and support

--




Chapter 13 - Unexpected Guests



The recent demise of T-6 at the business end of Moira's gun had promoted T-5 to
his Lord's assistant, a fact that filled him with happiness. Apart from the
slight limp when he walked and being older, he was almost physically identical
to the late T-6, and he was secretly pleased to know that he was once again the
highest of the T Series.

Carrying a large, pill-shaped steel container in his arms, he shuffled his way
down the corridor to where his Lord waited. He knew the pain was worse today; it
had been inevitable that the drugs' efficiency would diminish despite their best
efforts. Until a cure could be found, it was now T-5's responsibility to keep
his Lord as comfortable as possible.

The doors at the end of the corridor were closed, and the guards that were
normally inside stood at attention either side of them. Their gazes turned to
T-5 as the doors opened to admit him, light spilling through into the darkness
beyond. Realising that his Lord was resting, T-5 increased his pace so the doors
could close sooner. If his Lord was in the dark, then his condition must be
worse than he had been told.

The lights came on a moment before the door closed, providing just enough light
for T-5 to make his way over to the dais where his Lord was reclining in his
seat. Without waiting for a confirmation, he crouched down and with a touch of
his finger opened a panel in the base of the seat.

His face was bathed in a soft blue glow from within, pipes and tubes twisted
together behind the flat glass screen that displayed the vital signs of the
chairs occupant. To the left of the screen were two receptacles, one empty and
the other filled with a container identical to the one T-5 held in his hands.
Bringing the replacement up, he slotted it into the receptacle.

There was a soft click as it locked in position, and a small message appeared on
the screen. Satisfied, T-5 took hold of the almost depleted first container and
removed it from the chair.

"Five�?" came a weak voice from above.

"Yes Sir," he replied, closing the panel again and standing up. "How are you
feeling?"

"How do you think I feel?" the man in the chair replied rhetorically, annoyed by
the question.

"We've confirmed the location of the resistance base," T-5 informed him
smoothly. "The teams are standing ready for your command."

"Good. And our� allies?" the man prompted, sounding pleased by the news.

"We've had no word except to say they've received the latest shipment."

"I see."

"We've had no progress finding the girl, either," T-5 told him grimly. "And we
think she may have taken Celina."

"Taken her?" The man chuckled softly. "Five, Celina will have helped her
escape." There was an edge of fondness to his voice.

"She would betray you so easily?" T-5 sounded disturbed by the news. He knew
little about the blonde, except she was special somehow.

"In an instant," the man said with certainty. "She never appreciated what we're
doing�" He trailed off, and took a deep, pained breath, one hand dropping from
the padded arm of the chair to gingerly touch his side. The twilight hid a lot,
but T-5 could make out the crisp lines of the medical harness underneath his
clothes.

"But fortunately for us," he continued as if nothing had happened, his voice
growing cold, "her defection is not important." T-5 felt a sudden urge to step
away from the figure, frail as he was. "She was just another failure."

There was a long moment of silence, during which T-5 felt extremely
uncomfortable.

"Order the strike," the man said, in a voice that T-5 had to strain to hear.

"Yes Sir."



It was an effort for Trig to contain himself as he sat on the bed, cradling
Susan in his arms. She was usually so peaceful when she slept, but the soft,
terrified whimpers that she made every few seconds cut through him like knives.

"What's wrong with her?" he asked, raising his head to look at Celina. Sitting
next to him, Julie tensed as she heard the underlying panic in his voice.

"I�" Celina began, looking helpless. "I don't really know. You feel fine, and
then� you're suddenly tired, and�" She trailed off, taking a deep breath.

"But it was so sudden," Trig argued. "Why did she fall asleep when she didn't
want to?" Hearing the demand in his voice, Julie resisted the urge to put a hand
on his thigh.

"I don't know," Celina said weakly, trying her best to explain her experiences.
"Every time I was free, it happened; I felt like that. And whenever I gave in,
the dreams came� and all the fear and terror�" Her voice cracking like she was
about to burst into tears, Celina trailed off, unable to look at anyone.

When Trig opened his mouth to speak again, Julie did reach out and touch his
leg. She deliberately didn't look at him, and after a moment of enduring his
silent gaze, she felt him settle down slightly.

"How long will she sleep?" Julie asked, trying her best to remain calm
especially after effectively telling Trig to do the same. Celina looked up
briefly.

"A� an hour or so?" she stammered in response, sounding uncertain. "It could be
more� or less� depends on how� bad the dreams are�"

"An hour," Julie heard Trig breathe, and felt a moment of both sympathy for him
and admiration that he felt so close to the young girl.

"Will she� be okay when she wakes up?" Julie felt her heart skip a beat as
Celina shook her head in confirmation of her fears.

"She'll feel� awful; scared and confused� and before she can feel better, the
tiredness will return�"

Her face bleak, Celina slumped down on the floor next to Kate, leaning back on
the bed.

"It comes and goes for a few days, too" she said softly, staring at her feet.
"You want to sleep so badly, but you're scared to relax� scared of what lies in
wait�"

Julie shivered at the emotions she heard in the girls' voice. Celina wasn't
talking about the past, Julie realised; she was talking about now.

"You don't feel safe inside your own head," Celina continued, hanging her head
to hide the tears that threatened to escape down her cheeks. "You can't, because
no matter what you do, they can get inside� they can take everything�"

Having spent most of the previous day with Julie and Celina, Kate felt a pang of
sympathy for the blonde girl beside her. She had experienced her own
brain-washing at the hands of Moira, and she could identify with what Celina had
described; not feeling safe inside your own head. And as she looked at Celina,
she could see the fears that she felt every minute reflected back at her,
softened by only a single day of freedom.

Without saying anything, Kate leant over and embraced Celina, holding her close
as she began to cry.

"I'm sorry�" Celina sobbed into Kates' shoulder. "I should have told you
earlier� I should have said something�"

"It's okay," Julie said, feeling numb as she remembered the pain in Celina's
voice. "It wouldn't have changed anything."

Holding Susan in his arms, Trig felt his frustration rising at how helpless he
was. He yearned for a tangible enemy that he could defeat, and with Celina the
closest thing, Julies' gentle reaction to her angered him.

"Trig," Julie said steadily, the strength with which she reached out and gripped
his wrist contrasting with the softness of her voice. She could feel his
emotions like a bottled up storm beside her, ready to explode at any moment.

Taking a deep breath, Trig made eye-contact with her. His mind was already
weighing up the odds as to whether he could get past her long enough to
do� what?

"Please," Julie whispered, imploring him to calm down. "Susan will need you when
she wakes up." Silently she pleaded with him, knowing that if he tried to take
out his frustrations on Celina she would have no hope of stopping him without
using the abilities she wished she didn't have.

His jaw rigid, Trig continued to stare into Julies' violet eyes. He knew that
she was right, and that what he wanted to do so much was wrong, but hearing the
soft, terrified whimpers of his Susan was almost too much to bear.

"I'm so sorry," Celina said from the floor, her voice filled with emotion. "I
was trying so hard to hide how I felt� I didn't think that she would feel the
same, until�" She trailed off.

Julie watched as understanding crossed Trigs' face.

"Don't worry about it," Julie said to Celina, still looking at Trig. She relaxed
her grip on his wrist as he shut his eyes and squeezed Susan tightly, his face
softening.

"You� you mean it?" Celina straightened to look up at Julie over the edge of the
mattress.

"Of course," Julie reassured her, pulling one of the bedside drawers open and
selecting a handkerchief. "Here. You look a mess!" Celina made a weak laugh,
taking the offered hanky and wiping her eyes with it.

"Much better," Kate told her, relaxing her embrace. Celina smiled slightly as
Kate helped her shakily to her feet.

"We should leave soon; it may be too much for her if everyone is here." She
paused for a moment to wipe her eyes again, still leaning on Kate to keep her
balance. "Someone should stay, someone she feels safe with�"

Julie turned and smiled softly at Trig.



He was still holding Susan from behind when she awoke and immediately began
crying. She squinted through her tears long enough to tell it was him, wishing
the pain would disappear along with the light as she shut out the world again.

"Oh Sue," Trig whispered softly, hugging her nakedness close. He had taken off
his shirt, and the softness of her back felt wonderful against his chest. He
hoped that physical contact would make her feel safer.

"Trig," she managed weakly, gripping the arms around her body like a safety
harness. She could feel the hairs on his skin tickling the bottoms of her bare
breasts, but embarrassment was the furthest emotion from her mind.

"It's okay," he said softly, caressing the side of her face. "You're safe here."

"It was awful," she sobbed, her legs curling up protectively underneath the
blanket. "I was so scared�"

"It's over now," he reassured her, his arms strong and steady. He could feel the
pounding of her heart as he held her, and the constant quivering of her body.

"They� stole my body," she whispered, the horror in her voice making Trig want
to scream with frustration. "I couldn't escape�"

"But you did escape," he told her, straining with the effort of keeping his
voice calm.

"I know," she replied weakly, but there was no happiness in her voice.

"Well, then tell me what's wrong," he suggested, pouring love and affection into
the words. He gave her a gentle squeeze.

"Trig," she choked, wriggling around to hug his bare chest tightly. "I� I know
they were after Julie, n�not me. I was just� in the way� a b� bonus�" She broke
off, shaking visibly as she began crying.

His heart slowly breaking for her, Trig sat quietly and held her as she cried.
He wished Julie was here; she always seemed to know what to say to make Susan
happy again. But she wasn't, and he had to help her as best he could.

"I love Julie," she said softly, long minutes after she'd run out of tears to
cry. "But she's dangerous to be around� I wish I had never met her
sometimes� but then I think that without her I would probably be one of Moira's
pets now, with Kate�"

She fell quiet, content to lie in Trigs' warm embrace and feel safe from the
world around her.

"It might have been nicer that way," she continued after a moment. "To have my
mind blank� nothing to worry about except sucking on my gag, and pleasing my
Mistress�"

"But we would have never met," Trig reminded her softly, worried by her musing.

"I know," she replied softly, and squeezed him tightly. "And I'm glad we did."

He smiled lovingly, and without a word leant down and kissed her on the cheek.
She made a happy sob, and with fresh tears in her eyes she buried her head in
his shoulder again. He put an arm around her and held her close, enjoying their
quiet moment together.

"Would you like to be like that for today?" he asked her once her gentle sobbing
had subsided.

"Be like what?" She looked up at him, her blue tear-stained eyes tired but
curious.

"To wear the blue suit and have nothing to worry about?"

"Maybe later," she replied wearily, resting her head on his chest. "I just want
to sleep again."

"No sleeping," he told her firmly, lifting her chin with his hand. "I don't want
you dreaming again."

"They were awful," she whispered, her eyes filling with tears again.

"Hey!" he exclaimed, his face softening. "Don't start crying again!"

She let out a squeal as he stood up, lifting her up into the air.

"Put me down!" she protested, sounding almost like herself again. He smiled as
he set her back down on her feet again.

"There, you're awake again," he said with a grin. She glanced at the bed,
looking at it yearningly.

"Right then," he said loudly, drawing her attention. Celina had said he needed
to distract her. "We're going to see how much you like having no worries."

Susan frowned in confusion.

"What do you mean�? Oh!" she exclaimed as he opened the door to Julies' wardrobe
and pulled out a neat stack of blue rubber. "We're going to do that now?!" Her
face filled with both fear and lust when he nodded. She knew the suit was once
Alexis's, but she was with the Council's doctors now and Julie had ended up with
it.

"Don't worry about anything," he said softly, pushing open the bathroom door,
her room visible through the other side. "All you have to do is obey."



Smiling sadly to himself, Seth remade his bed after Susan's night in it. It had
been a long time since he'd really had a partner, and he missed waking up to the
warmth of a girl in his bed. Although he couldn't escape the needs of his body,
he had never really struck up a real relationship with any of the girls. They
always brought back memories of Kelly, both happy and painful.

He sighed, telling himself what seemed like the millionth time that it was time
to move on. He had a daughter who had grown into a young woman now, and it was
time he started being a father to her.

Seth knew it wouldn't happen any time soon; his responsibilities were too great.
The last assault they had launched on the Station had provided information that
was horrifying to even contemplate, and they couldn't sit back and let it
continue. They would act soon, and it was up to Seth to analyse the information
and hopefully give them an advantage.

He knew he was delaying as he straightened the sheets of his bed for the third
time. He didn't want to read any more of the stolen files, but he knew he was
the only one who could understand them well enough. He straightened up and
looked over at his desk, cringing at the untidy stack of teal folders in the
middle.

"Might as well get it over with," Seth said to himself, his shoulders slumping.

The first dull thud shook the room, causing him to stumble more in surprise than
any difficulty standing. He frowned in confusion, looking up in the approximate
direction of the sound.

"What the hell�" he began, trying to recall if they were doing any blasting
today. The second thud, this time from below, removed any doubt from his mind.
They were under attack.

"What is it?" he yelled, the arm of his shirt already pulled back. There was a
moment of silence, broken by another dull thud in the distance.

"It's Guy's forces!" sounded the panicked reply from the device on his arm,
speaking over the background noise of frantic talking. "They've got bombers
outside the nest, and we've already reports of incursions into the outer areas."

"Shit. They've taken out the external defences?" Seth started towards his desk
as another detonation rattled the stack of dirty dishes perched on one corner.

"They know what they're doing." Seth could hear people rapidly giving orders on
the other end, and none of it sounded good.

"We're falling back to the central complex. We've got the stockpiles there� we
can hold out for a while whilst we evacuate."

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Seth cursed. He was pretty certain that it had been his
midnight visit to rescue Susan that had tipped them off, not that it mattered
anymore.

"Forget holding out," he ordered. "Tell everyone to grab what supplies they can
and get to these coordinates." His fingers flickered over the buttons for a
second, the strange glyphs lighting up at his touch.

"Yes Sir!" The communication ended then, and Seth took a moment to gather his
thoughts.

"Why now?" he asked the silent walls, running a hand through his dark hair.
Taking a deep breath, he began picking up the folders off the desk. They
couldn't afford to loose the information contained in them, especially not now.

Holding the folders close, he stabbed at the device on his arm. With a snap the
air parted before him, exposing a familiar scene of trees and neat gardens
beyond. He couldn't see Julie through it, but he knew she would be nearby.

Before stepping through the portal, he looked around the room for what was
probably the last time, thinking about the time he had spent within its walls.
As he turned, one of the folders slid from the stack he was holding, falling to
the ground with a heavy thud.

He sighed, and reached down with his free hand to pick it up. Despite the years,
he had no real memories there, and it wasn't hard for him to step through the
portal, crossing millions of kilometres in a single step.

He didn't even glance over his shoulder as the portal closed behind him. The
folders in his arms and the information they contained were all that mattered
for now. He glanced briefly at the one he had dropped, before heading off in
search of Julie.

The writing on the front of the folder, in neat black letters, read "J-2".



Sitting on the cold bathroom floor with her naked body glistening with
lubricant, Susan watched as Trig unfolded the rubber stockings she would soon be
wearing. Her heart skipped a beat as she took in the dildos visible inside,
their hard rubber exteriors seemingly hungry to invade her.

"Okay," Trig said simply, and holding the stockings open he brought them to her
feet.

Trying her best not to touch the dildos, Susan lay back and poked her feet into
the legs of the stockings. Her heart was pounding as Trig pulled them up for
her, the rubber sliding easily over her lubricated skin. She had seen Julie
dress up like this before, but it was her first time and she was finding it both
exciting and terrifying.

She felt the resistance of the ankles in the suit, and Trig had to pull hard to
get her feet to slip through into the heeled shoes. Once they were firmly inside
with the lubricant squishing around her toes, Trig began smoothing it out up her
legs.

"Lie back and knees up, pet," he commanded gently. Susan felt a twinge in her
sex as he called her pet, and hurried to obey, blushing at how it exposed her
body to him. The hairless lips of her sex peeked out between her thighs,
glistening with moisture above the tight, pink pucker of her anus.

Her heart pounded with fear as she watched him lubricate the snake-like tube
that issued from the end of the fat butt-plug inside the crotch of the
stockings. It was all one piece, and she knew there was no way she was escaping
having it buried within her rear. It scared her to know that it was specifically
for administering enemas deep inside her.

Susan whimpered softly as she felt his finger on her tight little hole, gently
smearing lubricant around it. His finger darted inside briefly, easily pushing
past her muscles. She yearned to let go of her legs and cover herself, but her
desire to please Trig, her curiosity and the fear of punishments for disobeying
drove her on.

"Be careful," she breathed, feeling him place the smooth tip of the tube against
her rear. Guided by his fingers it slid in easily and began travelling up inside
her.

It filled her with shame to know that she was lying there and allowing him to
dress her, but a part of her was grateful for the distraction from her memories.

"It hurts," she moaned softly, squirming on the floor as the tube slid deeper
into her colon.

"Almost done," he reassured her, letting go of the tube. "You can put your legs
down now."

With her legs out straight, Trig positioned the dildo against the lips of her
sex. The butt-plug was directly aimed at her anus, held there by the tube lodged
deep within her. With one hand against the crotch of the stockings, he began to
push them into her.

"Oh!" she moaned, feeling the twin plugs sliding into her body. The sensations
brought back memories of her chastity belt, but there was no time to wonder
where it was.

"Ah Trig, it hurts!" Her rear throbbed painfully as the plug stretched her wide,
muscles complaining about the violation.

"Just a little more," he reassured her, and the fattest part of the plug began
to push past her muscles. She whimpered as it slid in, and then relief came as
her ring closed around the thinner base, snug against the smooth rubber of the
suit.

She felt his fingers probing at the lips of her sex, and then the almost
familiar sensation of a catheter. She gritted her teeth as it was inserted, her
face turning red as her bladder suddenly emptied. Her head snapped up and she
looked down in shock, but when Trig pulled his hands back there was nothing but
smooth rubber where her pussy had been.

"Trig!" she whined, her muscles clenching on the plugs.

"Down here is where it goes," he explained with a grin, patting the inside of
her thigh. She looked closer, and could see a tiny port half-way towards her
knee where the liquid could be released. She felt a powerful thrill as she
realised she couldn't even choose when to void herself anymore.

"Sit up, pet, it's time for the next part." Blushing furiously, Susan moved to
obey, feeling the dildos shift uncomfortably inside her. She had never gotten
used to the rigidness of the chastity belt's plugs, but at least their movements
had been predictable. The pulling and relaxing of the rubber as her legs moved
made them seem to dance within her body.

She raised her arms and let him slip the corset down over her head. His strong
arms had no trouble tightening it around her waist, and despite her protests he
did so until he was satisfied it was small enough.

Susan was breathing shallowly as Trig helped her slide on the top-half of the
suit. Raising her arms above her head, she slid them up into the arms of the
suit as Trig pulled it down. She was plunged into darkness as the body was
pulled down over her, and then she had to fight to get her head through the top.

"It's tight," she protested once her mouth was free, red hair covering most of
her face. She pulled back her hair, sighing as she felt the lubricant making
parts of it wet.

Trig reached up under the suit and guided her breasts into their individual
cups. He smoothed the rubber down her body, and then helped her stand up.

"I hate heels," she complained, trying to balance by herself.

"No more talking," he told her, picking up the final pieces of her outfit.

"Not those!" Her blue eyes went wide as she saw the mittens he was holding.

"Hands out," he commanded, holding the mittens ready.

Susan whimpered softly, and with her heart pounding relinquished her hands to
him. Her fingers slid into their own little tubes inside the mittens, and then
he rolled the long arm of the mitten up to her elbow, so she couldn't pull it
off. Her other hand followed quickly, and then Trig clipped them to the waist of
her suit, making her arms effectively useless.

"Now for the last bit," he told her, picking up the long penis gag. Susan was
about to protest when he began unscrewing the dildo, leaving it as a blue
ring-gag.

"Open wide," he commanded, smiling widely. Panting heavily, Susan opened her
mouth and let him slip the ring between her teeth. He buckled it behind her
head, and then gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Good girl," he said affectionately, and with a hand on her back guided her to
her bedroom.

He saw her stiffen as he closed the door and began to undo his pants. He wanted
so much to pin her to the bed and ravish her, but she looked so hot and
submissive in the blue suit that he didn't want to have to pull it all off her
again.

His cock sprang free from his pants as he slid them down, and he had to hide a
smile as Susan ran her tongue nervously around the ring in her mouth. She had
guessed his intentions when he inserted the gag, but seeing his member still
made her feel acutely vulnerable. The ring-gag brought back frightening
memories, but she trusted Trig, and pushed them from her mind.

Without being prompted she crouched down in the middle of the room on her knees
and raised her head, blue eyes wide with both fear and hunger.

"Not there," Trig laughed, and trying his best to act casual with his erection
swaying in the air, strolled over and sat down on the side of the bed.

Susan moaned loudly in shame, her face turning bright red as she shuffled over
to follow him. She yearned for the use of her hands as she brought her head
closer to his cock, but she could only wriggle her fingers in the mittens and
feel helpless.

"You okay?" Trig whispered to her, the lust on his face briefly replaced by
concern.

Her blush deepening, Susan leant forward and slipped the head of his cock into
her mouth. Her tongue swirled around the sensitive flesh, causing Trig to grit
his teeth to prevent himself from groaning.

"That's good," he breathed, looking down and making eye-contact with her. He
felt her moan softly around his cock, but she kept her eyes up as she moved
forward, taking more of him inside.

The warmth of her mouth felt amazing around his cock, and the soft noises she
was making as she struggled to suck with the gag in only made it feel even
better. Growing quickly frustrated with it, she returned to using her tongue and
bobbing her head, on the edge of gagging as he touched the back of her throat.

He was just about to close his eyes to enjoy the sensations when the air
shimmered and parted in the middle of the room. The resulting portal was
side-on, so Trig couldn't see through it, but the sounds of gunfire and people
yelling were clearly audible.

His hand was down in a flash, grabbing a handful of Susan's hair and pulling her
head off his member. Silently cursing himself for letting his guard down, he
dived for where he had discarded his pants. He heard Susan's pained squeal and
winced, but he had more pressing business.

"Ig-h!" she cried, hurt by his sudden violence. She saw the portal a second
later as she turned around, and her eyes went wide with fear.

"Stay there," Trig hissed at her, fishing his gun from his pants and training it
on the back of the portal. Anyone coming through would have his back to him,
Trig reasoned quickly, trying to estimate whether he would have time to at least
pull on his pants.

Sobbing in terror, Susan crouched down and with a quick movement rolled her slim
form underneath the bed. Trig watched her out of the corner of his eye and was
relieved that she was no longer directly visible.

"Help me with this!" came a cry though the portal. Trig shifted his stance, his
eyes locked on the closest edge of the silver doorway.

Someone stepped through the portal backwards, carrying one end of a steel
container. The newcomer didn't notice the weapon trained on him until his
companion was through and the portal closed behind them.

"Where the hell are�" His companion trailed off in mid sentence as he spotted
Trig.

"Err�" he began slowly. "Hi?"



--

Thanks to slavelucy for her assistance and support

--




Chapter 14 - Foreign Soil



Moira was the first to notice the shift in gravity. It was only slight, but
years of travel had made her able to tell the difference between the gravity of
a planet, and the artificial one of a ship.

"We're almost there," she announced in a low voice. Lyn stirred nearby, both of
them wedged in amidst the unmarked boxes sitting in the cargo bay.

"Yes, but where is 'there'?" Lyn asked, lazily uncurling herself from her
resting position and sitting up.

"Your guess is as good as mine," Moira told her, sounding annoyed. She hated not
knowing things.

"What now?" Lyn rubbed her eyes and squinted in the twilight.

"We hide these blankets and sneak out the moment we're on the ground."

"Sneak out? We don't know where we are! We should stay here, and steal the ship
or something whilst they're unloading!"

"We're sneaking out," Moira said firmly, already stuffing the blanket she had
been lying on down between two crates.

"But why are we leaving? Why won't you tell me what you're doing?" Her
companions silence for most of the extremely boring trip had worn her
self-control thin, and she was having trouble containing her frustration.

"Because if I'm wrong," Moira hissed angrily, "you want to be able to sleep at
night." Having finished hiding her blanket, she strode off into the darkness of
the cargo bay.

"What� What's that supposed to mean?!" Lyn called after her, but there was no
reply. "Why can't I make that decision? Damn you!" She pounded her fist on the
steel crate underneath her, and instantly let out a yelp of pain.

"Oh, fuck you," Lyn muttered, and began angrily shoving the blanket into a gap.
If Moira wouldn't tell her, she would have to find out for herself.



Sleep held no refuge for Jessica, trapped in the warm darkness of her prison.
Her dreams were filled with claustrophobia and a constant feeling of drowning,
leaving her exhausted and weary.

She awoke slowly, uncertain what was real and what was made by her subconscious.
The long hours of silence and deprivation wore heavily on her mind, and she
could feel her grip on reality slipping, senses dull and distant.

I'm going crazy, she thought to herself. Even the small currents that had been
gently running over her bare skin were gone, stealing yet another small amount
of stimulus from her. She yearned for something solid, something hard and firm
that she could cling to and be certain it was real. But everything around her
was soft and slippery, designed purely to keep her safe and secure without any
care to her mental health.

She hugged herself in an attempt to feel something, but even the touch of her
own skin felt unreal. She brushed her fingers over her soft nipples, but she
felt almost nothing, and it both frightened and confused her.

Gritting her teeth, she violently pinched the nipple in her fingers. There was a
slight resistance, and then as clear as daylight she felt the sharp pain of her
nails biting into the soft flesh. It hurt like hell, and she began roughly
massaging her breast, cringing in pain even as she felt the joy of knowing she
was alive.

But it still didn't feel right. Her nipple throbbed angrily, but as she rubbed
the soft flesh she didn't feel the expected touch of her own skin. There was
pressure, but no contact, and it confused her for a moment.

Still feeling her breast, Jessica's heart sank as she realised there was
something covering her skin, like a thin layer of something slimy. She could
feel it covering her fingers when she rubbed them over the nipple she had
pinched, and she felt both disgusted and violated by her new torment.

Her jaw rigid with determination, she began clawing at her belly, nails slicing
through the film easily. Her now exposed skin felt strange to her, and she
realised that the slime was the reason her sense of touch felt dull, not because
she was loosing contact with reality.

She began laughing in relief as she cleared the slime from her fingers, bringing
the reassuring touch of her own skin to her. As she cleared her breasts she
could feel the freely floating slime brush against her bare skin. She smiled and
moved her hand quickly through the cloud, relishing such simple sensations as
the tiny pieces hitting her palm.

She breathed in then, sucking in a chest of liquid. The cloud shifted towards
her face as she did, and with a cold feeling she realised that she would now
have to breathe the liquid she had polluted. Her lips snapped shut and she held
her breath, desperation welling up within her. The liquid meant she couldn't
hold her breath as long as in air, and it only took seconds before she started
to feel dizzy. With no other choice, she took a deep, shuddering breath, grimly
trying to catch the bigger pieces with her teeth.

But the slime that floated freely around her rapidly dissolved, and soon she was
unable to feel it with her fingers. The knowledge provided Jessica with no
comfort though. Even if she was to clear her entire body it wouldn't help; as
soon as she lay still it would start covering her again, insulating her from the
real world and stealing her only remaining sense.

Curling into a ball, she began crying softly, the realities of her prison too
much to bear. She yearned for freedom, but she had no idea how long a rescue
would take, or even if she would be sane enough to notice.

She pushed the thought away, telling herself firmly that she would stay herself
as long as it took. She could count sheep� or spend time thinking about her
Kevin�

Gritting her teeth, Jessica shook her head. She was fairly certain that Lyn was
outside somewhere, and was hopefully searching for a way to help her out. All
she had to do was survive until then, and everything would be fine.

Her thoughts stopped as with no warning her world lurched, throwing her
violently against the soft side. She barely had time to panic before another
jolt sent her bouncing off the roof. Their softness meant it didn't hurt, but
the sudden unexplained motion terrified her, and it took several seconds before
she was able to brace herself with her arms and legs.

Her heart thumping, she tried not to cry as she curled up in the darkness, knees
and elbows wedged against the roof. Her helplessness was terrifying, but not
knowing where she was being taken scared her even more.

She felt like a fish, being shaken about in a plastic bag on the way to its new
home.



Crouched near the entrance to the cargo bay, Lyn and Moira watched as the man
with a forklift-like machine manoeuvred in for the first set of containers.

"Where are they going?" he called to his partner, who was busy using the crane
that ran the length of the bay to move a large, steel crate.

"Just stick them in the usual place," he shouted back. "Oh, and they want one
set aside for use immediately, so get one ready when you're done."

"Got it; I'll use one of these." The forklift whined as it lifted the first two
containers into the air, wobbling briefly as their contents sloshed around
inside.

"Get ready to move soon," Moira whispered, her eyes following them over the top
of the pile of crates they were hiding behind.

"Do you even know where we are?" Lyn whispered back hotly, still continuing her
quest to get information out of the Mistress.

"I have a few ideas," Moira replied, her tone warning against any more
questions.

"That's really helpful," Lyn muttered.

"Right about now," Moira said to herself, staring intently at the crane.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Lyn hissed through gritted teeth.

As if on cue, the crate which was previously swinging gently from the crane
suddenly dropped, slamming to the ground with a deafening crash.

"FUCK!" someone yelled over the din, and seconds later the man with the forklift
was running up the ramp into the cargo bay towards the crane, its cable rapidly
unwinding from the winch to pile up on top of the crate.

"Let's go," Moira announced, vaulting over the crates to dash for the open bay
door.

"D�Did you�?" Lyn spluttered in shock, staring as the two men tried to work out
how to stop the sabotaged winch. "W�Wait!" Scrambling to her feet, she leapt
over the crates after her.

"Quickly," the red-eyed Dominant hissed, crouching low at the top of the ramp
and looking over her shoulder. They hadn't been seen yet, but it would only take
one glance and it would be over.

"Calm down," Lyn whispered to her once they were together again.

Moira gave her an indecipherable look before hurrying down the ramp, the thick
rubber soles of her suit almost soundless against the steel. Lyn followed
closely, her eyes widening as she surveyed the loading bay.

It was a large, rectangular room, easily encompassing the bulk of the cargo ship
at one end. Above them the roof was closed, the powerful motors that moved it
still cooling after their effort. Powerful lights were spread evenly across its
surface, illuminating the entire area. It wasn't the fact that the bay was empty
of other ships that made Lyn uneasy, but the fact that it looked like there had
never actually been any other ships in it.

The grey walls were featureless excepting a large cargo door at either end,
lacking the usual ramps and catwalks that allowed quick access to a ship for
repairs. There were no terminals, no machines, no guards, nothing. As she
reached the bottom of the ramp, she realised that if the cargo ship were to
leave, the entire room would be completely empty.

"There's no cover here," Moira said shortly, already heading directly for the
nearest door.

"What the hell is this place?" Lyn hissed, having to work to keep up with the
pace Moira was setting.

"A landing bay," she replied.

"You don't believe that any more than I do," Lyn replied hotly.

Moira reached the heavy steel door first, and went straight for the small panel
beside it. Lyn barely had time to reach her side before she had the front of the
panel off and was peering behind it, studying the arrangement of wires behind
it.

"This place is weird," Lyn muttered. "It looks more like� like�"

The panel in Moira's hands beeped loudly, and with a low hiss of hydraulics the
door began to slide open.

"Like it's a fa�ade?" Moira suggested, carelessly shoving the panel back into
its socket.

"Like it was built yesterday," Lyn finished, leaning in to study the panel that
was now glowing an angry red.

Moira sniffed dismissively and strode off to the slowly widening gap between the
two halves of the door. She knew she would have to tell Lyn what was happening
eventually, but she still maintained a small hope that she was wrong, that Guy
had heeded her advice.

"It wasn't built yesterday was it?" Lyn asked, walking slowly to the entrance.

"No," Moira said softly, eyeing the gloom beyond.

"Finally, an answer!" she exclaimed in mock triumph.

Moira stepped through, triggering the lights by her presence. There was a
momentary flicker, and then they shone brightly, illuminating the passage in
sickly green.

"Why are the lights green?" Lyn asked slowly, shivering at the horrible colour.

"You can still get back to the cargo ship," Moira told her, the green lights
hiding the sudden paleness of her face. "It'll be safer there for you."

"I'm not a child," Lyn snapped, anger briefly overcoming her unease. Moira
turned and stared at her, and Lyn felt herself go cold at the deadly seriousness
she saw in her eyes.

"I'm coming," Lyn said slowly, surprising her self with the steadiness of her
voice.

Silently Moira nodded, and together they stepped into the passage.



Trying to keep herself from worrying about Susan, Julie walked slowly through
the gardens that surrounded Simeon's home. The air was cold and sharp, and she
found herself looking up at the clouds that covered the sky, wondering if it
would snow again. She doubted it though, as it was almost at the end of winter.

She glanced sideways, a slight frown crossing her face as Celina brushed against
her shoulder. The other girl didn't seem to notice though; her eyes remained
wide and searching, trying to absorb everything at once. Julie couldn't help
comparing her to Kate who, whilst seeming brighter now that she was outside, was
nowhere near the bubbly friend she remembered.

"Is it normally this noisy outside?" Celina asked suddenly, glancing across at
Julie.

"Noisy?" Julie turned in confusion.

"Yeah� noise from the trees." She imitated the sound of a bird chirping.

"Oh! That's just a bird!"

Celina looked thoughtful for a moment. "They fly, right?"

"Yep," Julie replied weakly. The gaps in Celina's knowledge of the world still
surprised her. It was hard to believe she had never been on a planet before.

Having avoided the gardens ever since her encounter with Shadow, it came as a
shock to see a painfully familiar fountain come into view right in front of her.
Seeing past it to where she had lain with Trig, the fragmented memories of that
terrifying night took on a new clarity. Everything looked so different during
the day and without any snow, but she knew exactly where it was, and the
thoughts made her shiver.

"What's that?" Celina asked, gesturing to the concrete construction.

"It's called a fountain," Julie explained distractedly. "It's� a decoration."

"It's great!"  She left Julies' side for the first time since coming outside and
began to walk quickly around the edge of the pool the fountain sat in, her eyes
sparkling as much as the water was.

Julie sighed to herself, letting the gentle ripples in the water distract her.
Kate came up and put an arm around her, sensing her Mistresses mood. Coming here
reminded her of Shadow, and of what she could become if she chose to.

Slightly on edge, she looked up from the pool as something moved out the corner
of her eye. She half expected it to be Shadow returning for revenge, so it came
as a surprise to see the tall, strong figure of her father step through the
trees.

Once she recovered from the initial shock, she noticed that the serious look he
had on his face wasn't directed at her. Following his gaze, she found Celina
staring back at him from the other side of the fountain, her face pale.

"Celina�" Julie said slowly, and then turned back to Seth. "�Dad?" The word felt
strange as it came off her tongue. She felt Kate's arm around her tighten
slightly, but whether it was possessiveness or because she had never met Seth,
Julie was uncertain.

"I'm glad to see you're all okay," Seth said, smiling suddenly and looking over
to Julie. Crouching down, he sat the stack of folders in his arms down on the
paving around the fountain.

"Hello Kate," he said with a smile. Kate mumbled an inaudible greeting in reply,
studying the man who was her Mistresses father with a mixture of fascination and
fear.

"How is Susan?" Sitting down on the edge of the pool around the fountain, he
patted the paving and looked expectantly at his daughter.

"She's been better," Julie told him, approaching cautiously. She had a strong
feeling like she was being watched, and it was growing with every moment. The
air seemed strange, the skin at the back of her neck prickling, and her tension
was showing in the way Kate was looking around nervously.

"She'll be okay in a day or two, don't worry. Just give her time."

"What's going on?" Julie demanded suddenly, looking directly at him. He laughed
gently, but it sounded forced.

"Your mother was always good at telling when there was something wrong."

Julie stared back silently, and after a few seconds Seth sighed heavily and
looked down at the paving.

"I'm going to have to stay here for a few days," he told her levelly.

"What?!" she exclaimed, immediately thinking of Simeon's reaction to her father
being in the house. "Why do you have to stay here?"

Seth looked up at her for a moment, gauging her reaction. Perhaps he shouldn't
tell her about the others just yet�

"Because Guy, the leader of the station you were on, is currently in the process
of destroying my previous residence." He sighed inwardly; it had never been a
home for him, just somewhere to stay.

Julie narrowed her eyes at him. "Why would he want to do that?"

"Because�" He glanced sideways at Celina. "Because I'm one of the leaders of a
group who oppose what he's doing," he explained.

A million questions came into Julies' head. What were they opposing exactly? Why
did this 'Guy' want with her?

"Where is the rest of the group?" she asked flatly, the strange feelings
suddenly making sense. Was she sensing the portals opening and closing nearby?

Seth looked up at her and smiled sheepishly.

"I hope your boyfriend doesn't mind too much."

"I�" she began, trailing off. Her shoulders slumped, and she sat down heavily
beside him with Kate.

"Why can't the world leave me in peace?" she whispered.

"I'm sorry," Seth said sincerely. "I've tried my best to protect you, but� there
are things that are more important."

"Like what?" Julie asked, on the verge of tears. "What's so important that you
have to� to attract the people who want to� who want me!"

"I can't tell you that," he told her sadly. "I can tell you that you're safe
though."

"How?" she sobbed, and looked up at him. "How can you be sure?" Seth smiled
wryly.

"We're safe because they're having troubles getting their portal generator to
work."

"But�" Her expression brightened slightly as she realised he was probably
responsible for the sabotage. "Can't they use a ship instead?"

"They could," Seth conceded. "But ships need big portals, and that size is
easily detectable from here. By the time you were in any danger, we could be a
safe distance away."

"R�Really?" she stammered, wiping the tears from her eyes with her sleeve. "You
mean� I've been worrying for nothing?"

"You didn't look too worried, out here just the two of you," he pointed out.
Julie looked suddenly very worried.

"Oh no, I didn't tell Trig I was coming out here!" She scrabbled to her feet,
looking at him urgently. "If he sees any of your friends, he's going to panic
when he can't find me!"

She dashed off in the direction of the house, shoes slapping loudly against the
paving.

"Julie!" Kate called out, and ran off after her.

"Wait!" Seth cried at the departing girls, glancing at his wrist device. It only
took a moment to see that the trip from the base to Earth had depleted most of
its remaining energy, and it would take a few hours to be able to go anywhere
with it.

"Can you help me with these?" he asked Celina, leaning over to pick up the
folders.

Her face white, Celina stared at him for a long moment. Then slowly, she
approached and took half the pile from him.

"Thanks." Standing slowly, he maintained eye contact with her.

"Do you have any idea what is in these?" she asked slowly.

"I've had a brief look at one or two," he said knowingly.

"Will you tell her� about me?" Celina looked like she was on the verge of tears
again, preparing to beg and offer anything to keep her secrets.

"You know," Seth said slowly, "if they were to lose the picture in this file,
they would never know it was you�" Lifting the top folder off the stack, he
casually swapped it with one from Celina.

Celina stared at the folder in silence for a second, before slowly opening the
top. Her cheeks turned red at the image of her naked and standing tall that was
clipped to the very top. It was a clear shot, but a quick flick through
confirmed it was the only one of her in there.

She glanced at Seth once, and then being careful, she folded the picture in half
and then pulled it free to slot it quickly into her pocket.

"Thank you," she whispered, forcing calm into her voice.

"My pleasure," he told her softly.

"Do� do you really think I can start a new life here?" She looked up at him, her
eyes glistening with tears.

"I hope so," he told her, trying to keep the uncertainty he felt from his words.
The knowledge she had was undeniably dangerous, but as far as he could tell from
the information they had intercepted, Guy didn't care that she was missing, and
it confused him. Was she a ticking time-bomb, waiting to betray them all? Or was
it something else?

Shaking his head slightly, he shifted the weight of the folders and started off
in the direction Julie had gone. Celina patted her pocket to ensure the photo
was secure, before following after him, her expression brighter.



--

Big thanks go out to slavelucy

--




Chapter 15 - Out of the frying pan...



After what seemed like an eternity to Jessica, her prison had begun to shake
again. The constant motion had made the water push her around randomly,
destroying any sense of direction she had. She knew the knowledge wouldn't have
helped, but it was better than nothing at all.

It stopped soon afterwards, and she was left in peace. With nothing but her own
thoughts to keep her company, she drifted on the edge of sleep. The darkness
closed in around her, making her feel small and helpless.

A sudden thud reverberated through her liquid-filled world, frightening her.
Blindly her eyes searched the darkness, listening as what sounded like claws
raked the outside of her container. And then suddenly she was moving again, the
container swaying slightly as she was transported.

With another heavy thud her container was put down again. There was silence
again for a minute, and Jessica was just starting to relax when with only a
moments warning the liquid around her stirred, started to swiftly drain away.

Her heart-rate increasing rapidly, feeling the small slits down near her feet
where the liquid was quickly exiting. It took a moment for her to notice that
the walls around her were shrinking, like a deflating balloon with her inside
it.

Once she remembered that she needed the liquid to breathe, she panicked,
furiously trying to hold the walls out with her arms and legs. A split second
later she felt the attachment between her legs release and begin pulling away,
rapidly drawing its snake-like intrusions from her body. The sensation of it
being dragged from inside her colon made her feel terribly sick and she had to
fight not to throw up. By the time she had recovered her strength the walls had
already tightened too far around her body, pinning her arms at her sides.

As she felt it closing in around her head, she strained hard, trying her best to
preserve some liquid for her to breathe. But the walls tightened, plastering
themselves to her face and squeezing the last of the precious liquid out from
around her.

Her panic rising fast, Jessica squirmed against the resistance of the walls
pressing in around her. The pressure of the walls was almost painful, flattening
her breasts against her chest and rendering her arms and legs almost immobile.
She felt like she was slowly being crushed, and her struggles were doing nothing
but depleting the oxygen in her blood.

It seemed like forever before she stopped struggling, unshed tears making her
eyes ache as she once again faced death. The silence welled up around her, her
mind focused on the way her fingers were weakly feeling at the walls that
contained her, so smooth and uncaring�

The sound of the container opening was dull and distant, but it still made her
heart leap with the first sign of hope. She was already feeling dizzy from a
lack of oxygen, but she squirmed urgently, trying to hurry her potential
rescuer.

The container rolled over slightly, and suddenly she was falling through the air
to land hard on the ground. The walls cushioned most of the impact, but being
unable to prepare her self for it, it still hurt. She thrashed violently on the
ground, even as she felt consciousness beginning to fade. She didn't want to die
so close to freedom!

Something took hold of what had now become a giant cocoon with her inside and
began to drag her across the floor by her feet. Silently she screamed for them
to open it up, to forget moving her! But on they dragged, spots flickering
across her vision as the seconds wore on.

With a sickening jolt she was suddenly hauled into the air by her feet, fast
enough that she could feel the cocoon stretch around her. Blood rushed to her
head, providing a short burst of clarity. It was then that the cocoon split open
at her head, and in a rush of slime and female flesh she fell like a rag doll
onto the cold, steel grate below.

Her head ringing from the impact, Jessica rolled onto her side and assumed a
rough foetal position, her eyes tightly shut to protect them from the harsh
light. For a long moment she lay still as the pale blue slime slowly began to
drip from her naked form, glistening briefly in the bright light from above
before disappearing into the shadows underneath the grate. A shudder started at
the base of her spine, rapidly travelling up her body, and in one powerful
convulsion ejected a fountain of pale blue liquid through her mouth.

She moved then, arms that had lain limply at her sides suddenly drawing up to
clutch painfully at her chest. She took a gasping breath that was more of a
gurgle, and then with another powerful shudder expelled more of the liquid.

Taking another gasping breath, she gritted her teeth and managed not to cough
this time. Her arms had barely enough strength to move, but through force of
will she managed to roll onto her chest and raise herself up. Slime continued to
drip freely from her body as she moved, pouring off her chin and the tips of her
breasts.

Her next breath set off a painful convulsion in her chest, causing liquid to
spray from her nose and partially closed mouth. Opening her jaw, the remaining
liquid poured free, followed closely by a weak, but clearly pain-filled cry.

Unable to hold it back any longer, she fell forward onto her elbows and began
coughing uncontrollably, her lungs trying to clear themselves of the remaining
liquid. Desperately she tried to regain control, her chest muscles crying out in
pain with each spasm. Above her an engine worked quietly, lifting the now empty
cocoon away to be refilled with another innocent.

With a weak, but determined groan, Jessica forced herself to stop coughing and
take deep, measured breaths. It hurt, but she had to calm down and work out
where she was. Balancing on one elbow, she lifted her other arm and tried to
wipe the slime from her face, clearing her eyes so she could see. She made a
noise partway between a pitiful sob and a suppressed cough as she tried to make
out the room around her. The light lanced painfully into her eyes, but she was
determined to see.

She felt the vibrations of another person walking on the grate a moment before
she saw them. They were only a white blur to her, but she desperately hoped they
were here to rescue her. Even when they grabbed her by the upper arm in an iron
grip and hauled her to her feet, she still hoped.

Jessica spluttered pitifully, trying to communicate with her confused vocal
cords. Through her feet she felt another person come up behind her and take hold
of her free arm. In one quick movement they closed the first cuff around her
wrist, crushing her hopes of imminent rescue.

She was let go then, and with little strength in her legs she fell to hang by
one wrist from the chain attached to her cuff. They ignored her as she tried to
form a plea, wordlessly lifting her other arm and closing the opposite cuff
around it.

Half-standing now, she could feel the slime as it slid off her body, running
down between her legs to disappear through the grate. Through slitted eyes,
Jessica watched helplessly as they cuffed her ankles, their attached chains
ringing against the metal.

She felt the chains begin to move, the slack quickly disappearing in them and
pulling her further upright. Her legs were quickly pulled wide as her arms were
drawn up and out over her head, lifting until her feet left the ground.

The pain in her wrists was intense as she was forced to bear all her weight on
them. Weakly she kicked, trying her best not to sob in case she started coughing
again. With her eyes closed, she had only the high-pitched hiss that began
building in the air to warn her.

From all directions the jets activated, high-pressure water bursting from their
nozzles and turning instantly into a stinging mist directed at the helpless
Jessica. They hit her simultaneously from all sides, the tiny droplets cutting
through the layers of pale slime to pummel her soft skin.

The sound of her scream was lost underneath the cacophony of the jets, a moment
before her open mouth was filled with water and she was forced to close it.
Agony bloomed over every bit of her naked, hairless body, but the chains held
her fast as she convulsed. It only took seconds for the freezing water to steal
her body's warmth, and she slipped into unconsciousness from the shock.

It seemed like she was out for hours, but in reality the water continued for
only half a minute before shutting off. With simultaneous clicks the chains
holding her sprung free of their cuffs, leaving the gleaming silver bands around
her limbs. With nothing to support her Jessica collapsed to the floor, the
impact jarring her awake.

She let out a broken sob and curled into a ball, every bit of skin burning from
abuse. She began quivering intermittently, her body fighting between its
exhaustion and the need for warmth.

The white people approached her again, taking a limb each and lifting her into
the air. Jessica moaned helplessly, her body shivering visibly and leaving a
trail of water behind on the plain concrete floor around the grate. Her head
lolling back, she watched through blurred vision as she was placed on a
featureless, steel bench, the people still holding her limbs out.

A fifth blur came into view above her, sliding a gloved hand slowly over her
bald scalp. Jessica whimpered at the touch, her eyes wide with fear. She could
see clearer now, and her fear only deepened to see the heavy breathing masks
they were all wearing.

The gloved fingers were firm but gentle as they pried her jaw open, lifting
upwards so she had to tilt her head back. Her tongue flickered in her mouth
nervously as she made out the bulb-shaped object in their hand. Bringing it
closer, they slid the long, slender tip between her lips, easily pushing past
her tongues' hasty defence.

Jessica made a weak choking sound as the curved tip hit the back of her throat.
It was withdrawn slightly in response, and the hand gently stroked the soft,
pink skin of her throat.

"Swallow," the person commanded her, muffled by a mask. They squeezed the fat,
bulbous base of the object, causing something warm and sticky to squirt from the
end.

Jessica gagged in shock, and tugged weakly against the people holding her still.
She didn't want to feed like a baby from a bottle, but its sweet taste on her
tongue made her realise how hungry she was.

The person with the bottle didn't say anything as she closed her lips around the
end and tried her best to swallow around it. Despite the shame of being fed she
wanted more, frantically swallowing as they slowly emptied it into her mouth.

She whined unhappily when the now empty bottle was withdrawn and her benefactor
released her head, moving out of view. Her heart began to pound once more as the
taste faded from her mouth, the reality of her predicament returning in the
aching of her limbs where she was being held.

She looked up as the people holding her began to move, pulling her down the
table and drawing her legs further apart. Staring down over the blurred mounds
of her breasts, she watched as the person she had thought of as her friend move
to below her and lean over. The sudden touch of their gloved hand on her leg
made her cry out, and she began struggling anew.

"Please," Jessica cried hoarsely at them, and then launched into another fit of
coughing. Tears filled her eyes as she tried to double over, the painful
protests of her weary chest muscles overridden by the reflexive need to clear
her lungs.

The person between her legs straightened up, withdrawing a small, gun-like
device from underneath the bench that trailed a length of fine chain from its
handle. Their gloved fingers experimentally squeezed the trigger, causing the
two halves of its 'barrel' to swing together like hands catching a moth. As they
continued to squeeze, part of the chain that swung underneath was drawn inside,
and then with a loud click it stopped.

When the trigger was released, the two gleaming halves parted and a small,
circular length of chain fell out, falling carelessly to the ground below.
Satisfied, they loaded a small metal tag into the gap between the two halves and
leant forward, giving her no time to react.

Jessica stopped coughing abruptly as she felt the touch of the device on her
sex. Her left labia slipped between the two halves that promptly clamped down,
trapping the soft flesh in their grasp. There was a loud click and a numb
feeling, and then the two halved parted, revealing the tag now hanging by a loop
of chain from her freshly pierced lip.

The pain seemed to come an eternity later, the numbness turning into an agony
that seemed to jump all the way up her spine. She took a deep breath, and then
promptly slipped into unconsciousness.



The tension Trig had been radiating evaporated as soon as the two men left the
room with their container, Seth coolly giving them directions as to where it
should go for now. Ignoring everyone else, he immediately crouched down and
peered underneath the bed for Susan, softly calling her name. It only took a
moment to confirm that she had fallen asleep again.

"Time to go," Seth whispered in Julies' ear, and catching the three girls with
his arms, firmly steered them out the door. Reaching back, he pulled the door
shut, catching a glimpse of Trig pulling the sleeping Susan out.

"I don't want to leave her," Julie told her father out in the hallway.

"I saw that," he replied, absently watching the men carrying the steel
container. "You can't take care of her all the time. You have two other pets to
take care of, remember."

"I know," Julie said solemnly, thinking guiltily of how she had been avoiding
spending time with Kate.

"She'll be fine in a day or two," Celina comforted from behind. Julie nodded,
not feeling confident.

"Wait�" She raised her head to frown at Seth. "I don't have three pets!"

"It won't be long, knowing you!" He grinned widely, showing a mouthful of white
teeth.

"I�" Julies' face turned bright red and she suddenly became interested in the
floor. "It wasn't intentional!"

"Just stack it on top of the other one," Seth called down the hall, pointing to
where a second box had been placed by another two men.

"She's quite a beauty in that suit, isn't she?" he remarked to Julie. Julie felt
the warmth return to her cheeks once again.

"Is that your expert opinion?" Julie poked, trying to hide her embarrassment at
realising she agreed with him.

"Well, I didn't get that suit you like made for nothing," he teased with a wink.
He'd only seen her in it once, but she had looked like a mirror image of his
Kelly.

"What suit?" Celina asked innocently, looking at Julie. The dark-haired girl
moaned in mortification and hung her head.

"She hasn't shown you it yet?" Seth feigned disbelief. "Well, what it is, is�"

"Dad, NO!!" Julies' head snapped up in shock, and she fixed him with a deadly
stare.

"Let's go find your boyfriend," he announced, smoothly changing subject like
nothing had happened.

"My�" Julie gritted her teeth as he strode off purposely down the hallway. She
was grateful for the distraction from worrying about Susan, but� did he have to
tease her like that?

Seth needn't have bothered, as a second later Simeon and about a dozen guards
strode into the hallway ahead of him.

The sight of the guards and their guns turned the men milling absently around
the two boxes into action. Hands were already reaching for the arm-devices as
they moved, the first two taking up positions either side of the corridor whilst
the others ducked behind the boxes for cover. The guards stopped, raising their
weapons to fire�

"Stand down," Seth's voice cut through the air like a knife. There was the
barest moment of hesitation before the four men stopped, crossing their arms
grudgingly.

"It's okay," Julie called out to Simeon, her heart thumping with sudden
adrenaline. "They're friends."

Simeon stared for a long moment, and then with a tilt of his head signalled the
guards to relax. He didn't move forward though, and Julie could still feel the
energy he was holding, ready to strike out with his mind.

She heard Seth sigh quietly, before striding purposely down the hall.

"What's going on�?" Simeon began angrily.

"You must be Simeon," Seth said pleasantly, extending his hand. "My daughter has
told me a lot about you!"

 "I� you're Seth?" Simeon looked surprised, and after a moment he uncertainly
took the offered hand. Julie relaxed slightly as she felt Simeon release the
energy.

"Your Dad is mean," Kate whispered in Julies' ear. Julie turned in surprise to
see the grin on her face, deep green eyes sparking with amusement at how he had
embarrassed the older girl.

"He's always like that," Julie complained, blushing again. Watching Simeon's
face as he spoke with Seth, she noticing the tiredness he was hiding and felt
sorry for him. Perhaps she could help him, later.

"What does Simeon do, exactly?" Celina asked, listening attentively to both
conversations.

"He monitors all the Dominants around here, things like that," Julie explained.

"Are there lots here?" Celina sounded interested.

"Not as many of them as there used to be." Julie almost said 'us', but she
wasn't sure she wanted to count herself as a real Dominant yet; it felt too much
like ending her old life completely.

"Why?"

"It's� complicated," Julie replied. Celina frowned at this, but she didn't
pursue a better answer.

"Just�" Simeon trailed off, and for a moment Julie saw just how tired he really
was. "I'll get the maids to find you some empty rooms; just try to behave and
we'll sort it out later."

"I'll give the order," Seth replied with a nod, and stepped back respectfully.
"Thank you for your hospitality," he said seriously.

"Simeon�" Julie left Kate and Celina and rushed to his side. He put an arm
appreciatively around her, and whilst he gave her a reassuring smile, Julie
could feel how he was leaning on her, and it worried her. Ignoring the proper
decorum Nyssa had been trying to teach her, she gathered her strength and
reached out into him to see if he was well.

"I'm fine," he whispered to her, amusement showing through his tiredness as he
skilfully kept her abilities from finding out anything useful.

"Hey!" she protested softly, frowning in concern. Behind her, Seth began giving
out orders to locate the rest of their group.

"You have to teach me how to do that," Julie whined in frustration, still trying
half-heartedly.

"Behave," he commanded with mock sternness, hiding a smile. Julie growled deeply
in her throat, but she gave up her attempts to read him.

"How about this," he proposed, speaking so only the two of them could hear. "If
you go and spend the day being a friend to Kate instead of avoiding her, I'll
show you a trick or two."

Julie winced, and looked down at her feet guiltily. Simeon smiled sadly at her.

"She's not the friend you remember, I know, but she is still Kate. The more you
help her, the faster she'll improve."

"I know," Julie said wistfully. His words had the sound of Nyssa in them, and
she smiled inwardly, knowing that Nyssa knew she would listen better if it came
from Simeon.

"You need to talk to her, laugh, things you used to do together," he continued.
"She follows you everywhere, but you rarely say anything to each other."

"I know," Julie whispered. She wanted to talk to Kate, but she could never think
of anything to say. All she could think about was her best friend lying in her
arms, feeding like a baby from her bare breast, and she couldn't face it.

Raising his voice, Simeon lifted Julies' head by her chin. "How about you take
the two girls here out to lunch? Kate hasn't been outside for a while, and
Celina would love to see the world, I'm sure!"

Julies' face brightened at the thought. She and Kate had rarely gone out for
lunch when they were at the orphanage, but Simeon had taken her out a few times
when he wasn't busy, and she had enjoyed them.

"Out to lunch?" Kate grinned hungrily, her green eyes shining with happiness at
being able to go outside now.

Simeon nodded at her, and then looked at Julie again. "Is Trig�?" He glanced at
the door to Susan's room.

"She's out again," Julie explained, worry showing through her high spirits.

"I'll find a few guards to come with you then. And no buts!" he cut her off as
she opened her mouth.

"But Dad says the people who were after me won't be coming back for a while!"
Julie looked slightly put out that she had to be babysat to go out for lunch,
whether she was being hunted or not.

"It's not so much for your protection," Simeon leant in to speak quietly, "but
for your two friends. The locals aren't happy with us at the moment. People know
enough not to attack a Dominant like you, but people around them aren't so
lucky."

"But, I went out with Susan and�"

"I know you did," he interrupted firmly, "and today I want a few people to look
after you." His face softened, and he leant in close. "Trust me, it's
important," he whispered.

"Okay," Julie said, unable to help smiling back. "But only as long as they don't
look like guards!"

"You'll never notice them," Simeon promised with a nod.

"So where are we going?" Celina asked, coming up to look over Julies' shoulder.

"There's a little caf� that's near the orphanage I remember," Julie suggested.

"That place is too expensive," Kate reminded her, pulling her face as she
recalled the prices.

Bending her knees to make herself shorter than him, Julie looked up at Simeon
and batted her eyes at him pleadingly.

He sighed dramatically.

"I'll go get some money."



"They're gone now," Trig whispered into Susan's ear, one hand stroking her cheek
as she whimpered softly. "It's just us."

When she didn't respond, he gently lifted her head and began to undo the buckle
on the gag. Freed of its bondage, her mouth slowly closed, the pink tip of her
tongue darting between her lips as if to ensure the gag was gone. She took a
deep breath and swallowed hard, her face eventually softening as she finally
fell quiet, her whimpering a memory.

Trig smiled down at her, and shifted to get comfortable on the bed. If she was
sleeping peacefully, he was happy.



--

Thanks go out to slavelucy

--




Chapter 16 - Friction



Her heart fluttering with happiness at being outside, Julie walked purposely
along the footpath, a quietly giggling Kate and wide-eyed Celina either side of
her. The clouds she had been worrying about earlier had parted, bringing enough
sun to take the chill out of the air and permit them to leave their jumpers
behind. Celina didn't seem to notice the cold at all, and both Kate and Julie
refused to pay it any heed, eager for winter to be over.

"Oh, stop it!" Celina whined at Kate, blushing slightly. "How was I supposed to
know?"

Kate burst out laughing then, and Julie found it hard to keep a straight face
herself. Celina turned bright red, but even she giggled slightly.

"That 'shop keeper' person looked a bit shocked, didn't he?"

"Just a bit," Julie teased, smiling wider despite her best attempts not to.

"How was I supposed to know you can't eat it?" Celina protested, trying to
defend her mistake. "It smelled great!" She pursed her lips, still unable to get
the taste from her mouth. "I'll taste it for the rest of the day, now."

"The lesson here is 'don't eat strange, pink bars'," Kate said, suddenly
serious. "Smelling like fruit doesn't make soap tasty!" She had to stop walking
as she began laughing uncontrollably again, unable to get the image of Celina's
horrified expression out of her mind.

"It was awful!" Celina giggled, stopping with Julie as they waited for Kate to
calm down. "They shouldn't put those things next to real food, other people
could get tricked!"

"I don't think there's any danger of that now," Julie laughed. "I think everyone
in town heard your squeal!"

"I was hungry! Where is this place we're going anyway?" Blushing furiously,
Celina quickly changed the subject.

"It's not far," Julie reassured her, trying so hard to stop giggling she almost
missed the shortcut down a side-street.

The girls emerged moments later from between the tall brick walls, the main road
spread out before them. Julie felt Kate and Celina move closer as they entered
the flow of pedestrians along the footpath, her firm stride carving a path
through the throng for them. She tried to keep her gaze to herself, but every
time someone moved out of the way she wondered whether it was out of politeness,
or because of the violet eyes that stared back at them. It made her
uncomfortable to strike fear into people like that, and she sighed softly in
relief as she made out the cafe through the crowd.

"Smells nice," Kate remarked as they approached, already hungrily eyeing the
food arranged along each shelf of the glass counter inside.

"Mm," Celina agreed wordlessly, breathing deeply as if she could consume
everything with her nose. "Where should I start?" She turned to Julie, eyes
glittering with excitement.

"Um..." Julie couldn't help smiling at her eagerness. "How about we get a table
first?"



Licking her lips, Kate settled back languidly into her chair.

"That was great," she purred happily, scanning her plate for any remaining
crumbs of food to eat. "We should come here again."

Slightly disappointed that her plate was clean, she looked enviously across the
table at Celina as she devoured a slice of cake. Despite Julies' best attempts
to convince her to try and use cutlery, Celina was using her fingers, the
slender digits covered with cream.

"How can you eat like that?" Kate watched in amazement as the slice quickly and
messily disappeared. "It gets all over you, and..." she began, before trailing
off as a frown crossed her face. "Is that blood?"

"Mm-ph?" the blonde managed around her mouthful, confused.

Julie looked up from her own plate. "Celina... your back, it's bleeding!" she
exclaimed suddenly, standing up in shock.

Celina's eyes locked onto Julie as her face drained of colour, and she froze in
the process of licking her fingers clean.

"I... it is?" she stammered, trying her best to sound unconcerned. She looked
over her shoulder at the dark, vertical stain slowly appearing through her
shirt.

"Oh..." Julie saw the quickly suppressed flicker of horror that flashed over the
girls' face, and her heart skipped.

 "I... Is there a... bathroom I can use?" Celina stood up and quickly licked the
remaining cake off her fingers, looking around like a trapped animal.

"Are you okay?!" Julie looked worried, and she could see several other people in
the cafe were taking notice as well, turning in their chairs to stare.

"I'm fine," she said dismissively, but the silently pleading look she gave Julie
suggested otherwise.

"This way," Julie urged, stepping around the table and directing Celina to the
small door in the rear of the building.

"Thanks," Celina said sincerely once they were alone. She seemed to relax
slightly, some of the dread in her expression seeping away like the blood
trickling down her back.

"Do you need a doctor?" Julie moved in closer, trying to get a look at the girls
back. "Take your shirt off, I'll keep the door shut."

"No, I'm okay," Celina told her dismissively, tensing slightly at Julies'
proximity. "It's nothing really; I'll just use some of that paper stuff to clean
up." Quickly she slipped into the single toilet stall and closed the door.

"Celina..." Julie paused, feeling lost. "You can talk to me... are you hurt?"

"No, no," Celina called, her voice quavering. "I can manage."

"What's wrong, why are you bleeding?"

"It's..." She seemed on the verge of saying what was wrong, the words straining
to escape from her mouth, but she hesitated, and fell silent.

"Celina..." Julie gritted her teeth. Something was wrong, and she had to act.
"I'm coming in," she stated, reaching for the doorknob.

"Don't!" Celina's cry didn't stop her as she turned the unlocked handle and
pushed it open.

Celina's shirt was draped over the toilet, the pale blue cloth stained red with
her blood. Naked from the waist up, she stepped away from the doorway, the backs
of her knees bumping against the top of the small toilet and halting her
retreat. Blonde hair cascaded down over her shoulders to brush against the soft
flesh of her breasts, but she made no effort to cover herself, her fingers
bright with more blood.

"Celina..." Julies' eyes were wide at the blood on the other girls' hands.

"Please go," the blonde-haired girl whispered shakily, her blue eyes filled with
fear.

"Let me see," Julie suggested, sounding like she was talking to a small child
who had cut themselves. "It can't be that bad."

Celina whimpered softly as he shoulders slumped in defeat, and she turned
around, letting Julie take a look.

Julie took a sudden, sharp breath, holding it in as her eyes travelled down the
gentle curve of Celina's spine. The unexpected cruelty of it shook Julie,
leaving her cold and frightened that people could be so cruel. She let out her
breath slowly as her gaze slid up, each neat, deliberate line sending a
different emotion flickering across her features.

Julie felt her head swim, and then instinct took over, abilities stirring deep
within her even as she leapt back from the cubicle, a loud crack filling the
small room as the tiles she had been standing upon were shattered by the force
of her movement.

"Julie!" Celina turned around and flattened herself against the rear of the
cubicle, her face contorted with fear.

Julies' entire body was rigid as she half crouched up against the door, the
adrenaline that poured into her veins sending her heart racing. Instinct
screamed at her to get away, and trying to keep it from stealing control of her
actions again was like holding an angry snake covered with jelly. But what
struck terror into her heart was the power that had come unbidden to her mind,
strength to level the building yearning to be released, to strike at the girl
cowering at the far back of the cubicle in front of her. She dared not move, as
if even taking a breath would be enough to make her lose concentration.

"I'm sorry," Celina cried as she stared back at Julie. "I didn't think... I..."
Slumping to the ground beside the toilet, she began sobbing softly.

Julie shuddered, the power within her fading away as quickly as it had come. A
moment later the pain bloomed in her muscles, her legs and back screaming in
protest at the speed she had moved. Her legs shook with the sudden effort of
keeping her upright, and she was forced to sit down on the cold tiles.

She let out the breath she had been holding in a moan of pain, drawing her knees
close to her chest and shivering visibly.

"C...Celina..." Julie stammered, blinking back tears. "W...What w...was
t...t...that?" The other girl didn't respond, her sobs the only sound she made.

Julie had no words to describe her feelings. She was terrified that she could
lose control with so little warning, that she had actually wanted to hurt
Celina. She had no idea what had caused her reaction, it had happened far too
quickly for her to remember.

"Why... why did seeing that make me..." She trailed off without finishing her
question, breathing heavily as her shaking subsided.

Celina continued to sob, unable to talk. She wanted so much to explain to Julie,
to tell her why, to tell her what they had done to her, to let someone else know
her secrets. But every time she opened her mouth to speak, she lost her nerve.

"Please Celina, say something..." Julies' voice took on a note of urgency, as
the sounds of the cafe beyond the door reached her ears.

"I...I can't tell," Celina breathed, barely loud enough for Julie to hear. "Not
now."

"You have to tell someone," Julie reminded her, keeping most of the frustration
she felt from her voice.

Wiping the tears from her eyes, Celina stood and sniffed loudly.

"I'll be out in a minute," she said wearily, picking up her shirt.

The pain in Julies' legs had faded enough for her to move, and some of her
strength had returned. Without a word she climbed shakily to her feet and pulled
open the door to the bathroom. She felt all eyes turn to look at her as she
walked out into the cafe and sat down again with Kate.

"Julie, what happened?" Kates' voice was full of concern, the paleness of her
friends face and the way she was shaking only confirming what she could already
sense.

"I don't know," Julie whispered in reply, staring blankly down at the table in
front of her.

"Are you okay?!" Julie heard her leave her seat and felt her place an arm around
her shoulders.

"No." It was an effort not to cry, even though she wanted to so desperately.
After coming so close to losing control, she refused to let her guard down for
even a moment. She would be strong a little longer.



Waking up to a blinding light was not what she had expected, and for several
seconds she was too dazed to understand where she was, or what had happened to
her. But then reality set in, and with it came a rising terror as the memories
she had of a warm bed and soft sheets were replaced by tight straps and that
caress of water over naked skin.

As her eyes tried to focus, her mind struggled to sort out her memories. She
remembered saying goodnight to her parents as they went to bed, and then hopping
into her own, but then she was suddenly waking up here, with no way of telling
how much time had passed.

Her vision still blurred, she tried to turn her head to see better and felt the
resistance of the mask she wore. Its tight straps held it snugly against her
face, its smooth, stiff rubber pressing against everything but her eyes. She
could feel the pull of the hoses that connected to it, feeding her air and food
via the hard mouthpiece that kept her jaws apart.

As if it had only just been inserted, she found herself retching, trying vainly
to dislodge the tube that ran down her throat and into her stomach. The pain in
her diaphragm grew with each reflexive spasm, and it was several minutes before
she was able to relax.

Her futile attempts to double over had made her aware of the bonds that
restrained her. Painfully tight gloves encased her arms to the wrists, joined to
straps that held them high above her head, whilst equally tight boots anchored
her to the ground, preventing her from even bending her arms by virtue of the
tension they placed on her body.

Her breathing began to grow ragged as her terror deepened, driven by frustration
as she tried to pull her arms free. Suddenly she could hold her emotions in no
longer, and with a muffled cry she threw herself against her bonds, twisting and
squirming insanely. Every tube attached to her body tugged and pulled, the
constant awareness of her whole body only fuelling her frenzied struggles.

Lungs strained for air as she fought for freedom, the twin hoses that fed her
mask ignorant of how much her exertions cost her. With her head swimming, she
gave up and hung limply in her bonds, chest heaving with each wracking sob.

Unshed tears filled her eyes, turning the world her mind had begun to sort out
into a blur. She blinked furiously, trying to see through the mask that covered
her head even as she dreaded what she would see.

The image that resolved itself was distorted by the curved glass around her, but
it wasn't enough to hide the sight of the neat rows of tubes, tubes just like
the one she was being held inside. Looking into the one next in line from her,
she could make out the limp, female form inside, breasts bulging obscenely large
underneath the network of red webbing that covered her skin.

She couldn't see herself, but each horrified gasp she took made her conscious of
the new and unnatural size of her own breasts. Her struggles had made the fleshy
globes bounce and tug, and now they throbbed painfully with each rapid pulse of
her heart, quietly yearning for freedom from the tight cups that constricted
them.

Fresh tears threatened to blot out the image, but she blinked them away
furiously, staring at the other girls' chest. The thick tubes that sprouted from
the dead centre of each red-encased breast filled her with dread, their unknown
function creating emotions far stronger than the reality could have ever done.

It was an effort to move her focus downwards, to take in the large,
tube-festooned bulge that sat between the girls legs. The straps that held her
legs together made it difficult to see clearly, but her mind had no trouble
imagining where the thick, heavy tube that emerged from behind the girls' figure
went.

As if on cue, she watched as a thick, bright blue liquid began flowing up the
tube, its' slightly uneven colouring allowing her to watch as it forced its way
into the girls body. The sight drove her to renewed struggles, as she could feel
the fat end of her own thick tube buried uncomfortably in her anus. Each twist
of her hips made it shift deep inside her, the sensation causing waves of shame
and violation to wash over her.

She was only slightly reassured by the knowledge that her vagina remained empty
of intruders. She could feel the unknown bulge between her legs, aware of the
way it pressed into the delicate folds of her sex, spreading them and touching
places she didn't talk about.

Hot and dizzy, she went limp again, closing her eyes and desperately trying to
wake up from what felt like a horrible dream. Her arms ached, and she yearned to
lower them, but the restraints didn't care about her comfort. It had to be a
dream, just a terrible, sick dream. Maybe it was caused by stress, she
theorised, or maybe frustration. Perhaps she was simply tangled in her blankets.

Just as she was beginning to believe herself, she felt the tight cups holding
her breasts stir, brushing gently over her nipples. Her cheeks began to warm and
she went rigid, her heart pounding in her chest. Had she imagined it?

Without any further warning the machines that lay beneath her feet came alive,
and with a powerful sucking motion, pulled on both nipples, drawing the soft
flesh into what felt like two small, rounded cavities inside the cups.

She cried out in pain as the suction continued, her nipples expanding rapidly to
fill the available space. There was no break, as with a rhythmic pulsing the
suction began to pull at each nipple in turn... left, right, left, right...

If the lenses of the mask covering her face had been large enough, she would
have watched in horror as the twin tubes that sprouted from her breasts filled
with her milk. Instead, her eyes could only stare out of the small, round holes
as she felt the warm liquid begin to flow, terrible realisation making them grow
wide. Her mind knew she wasn't supposed to be producing milk, and the violation
she felt knowing her body had been tricked into doing so sent her crazy.

With each pulse of the suction she threw herself against her bonds in an almost
convulsive movement, heedless of the pain it caused in her wrists and ankles.
The lenses of her mask quickly fogged up, sweat and tears blinding her as she
began to cry. Her struggles died off shortly after, the slowly fading pressure
in her breasts providing no comfort.

It was then that, just like her nipples, she felt something brush over her clit.



Walking slowly in amidst the glass tubes, his eyes passing casually over each
female imprisoned inside, Guy let his troubles fade away. Down here, surrounded
by hundreds of captives, was where he was truly in control. The knowledge that
with one touch to the buttons that sat at the foot of each tube, he could
increase the torment of its occupant - or even end her life - filled him with a
sense of power that no amount of weapons or ships could provide.

On a whim, he leant over and with a tap of his finger, ended the supply of
sedative to the girl before him. He knew it would take a few minutes for her to
awaken, so he wandered off, wanting to get as much out of his rare walk as
possible. As if to remind him that his time was short, he felt a twinge of pain
across his belly.

"Each day brings my life closer to the end," Guy said suddenly, his voice
filling the silence. As he spoke, he lifted the front of his shirt with one bony
hand, exposing the medical harness that seemed to be devouring his belly in a
mouth of steel framework and tubing.

"And each day these girls are tormented, never knowing that their pleasure and
pain keeps that day at bay." With his free hand, he slightly adjusted a valve,
increasing the dosage. The pain that sliced across his belly barely registered
on his face. Steadily he pulled his shirt down once more, the harness becoming a
mere bulge underneath.

He paused in his walk to look inside the tube beside him. The girl inside, a
brunette who's long, curly hair floated loosely around her head, was squirming
slowly, thrusting her hips forward as if meeting the steady strokes of an
invisible lover. A quick glance told him she remained unconscious, happily
dreaming whilst the machine between her legs collected the liquids of her
arousal.

"I don't do this for entirely selfish reasons, you know," he spoke into the
silence, walking away and leaving the brunette to her dreams. "Sometimes I like
to think that what we do here may one day benefit the rest of our species; that
had things been different, these people would willingly help us. Instead they
sleep, in their own small ways fighting a war they know nothing about."

Guy stopped, having returned to the first tube, its occupant now fully awake and
writhing in terror at her unexplained captivity. A sadistic smile crossed his
gaunt lips at having wakened her for the first time, and he deliberately
positioned himself out of her field of view so as not to spoil those precious
first moments for her.

"Or perhaps I merely grow soft as my time draws near," he growled, leaning over
and with a touch starting her harvest cycle early.

He watched as she renewed her struggles, the tubes from her breasts quickly
filling with milk. Silently he counted, and exactly on time she went stiff,
tubes between her legs twitching as they came to life.

"Un-bottle another girl," he commanded, walking around to the front of the tube.
"Swap her with this one, and then bring her up to me. I like this one's spirit."

"Yes Sir," Julian acknowledged from nearby, having been following and listening
silently the whole time.

"Dress her in something nice," Guy added. "And keep her free."

He looked at the girl, watching as her soft brown eyes showed first shock, and
then when she realised he didn't mean to rescue her, narrowed in hatred at
seeing her captor.

"Yes," Guy said quietly to himself. "Spirit like she used to have."



Slipping his arm around Julie, Simeon leant over and gave her a gentle kiss on
the cheek. She murmured softly and shifted so she was resting against him,
closing her eyes wearily and shutting out the familiar world of her bedroom.
Even though it was only a few hours past midday, she wanted to do nothing but
sleep, to escape from the troubles that seemed to plague her. The privacy of her
own head was no longer private, a soft awareness of Kate and Susan at the edge
of her thoughts providing a constant reminder of who she was.

"Why can't I be normal?" she whispered, catching Simeon's hand and squeezing it
tightly. He squeezed back, remaining quiet.

"I didn't want any strange markings or weird mind powers, I wanted to eat
ice-cream and be with my friends."

"You have friends here, and I'm sure we have ice-cream," Simeon told her,
feeling helpless in the face of her depression. His words didn't even bring a
hint of a smile to her lips.

"Nyssa tries to help, but I hardly understand anything she says. She always
tells me it's too dangerous," Julie let go of Simeon's hand to shake her finger
in imitation of the older Dominant. "It's too dangerous to do any real learning
with Susan, or Kate."

She fell quiet then, breathing heavily and taking Simeon's hand again to squeeze
even harder.

"And you refuse to teach me about any of my other... abilities." Her voice was
accusing, and she opened her eyes to look up at him, tears blurring her vision.
"I almost killed Celina today... I was so close to it, and... and I have no idea
why..." She burst into tears then, the last of her words lost in her sobbing.

"Oh Julie," Simeon whispered, pulling her close. He felt her hesitation before
she folded into his arms, and he hated that it was his fault.

"I'm so sorry you feel like this... I know you must be frustrated, but I don't
know how to help."

"Teach me!" Julie cried, suddenly pushing away from him. She climbed to her feet
and walked across her room to lean against the wall, sobbing loudly.

"I don't know anything... I keep doing things I don't understand, I... I feel
things that I've never felt before and..." She turned around, her violet eyes
locking onto him. "And you know and you won't tell me!" she screamed, and then
as if it had taken all of her energy, she slumped weakly against the wall,
sliding down the plain white plaster to sit on the floor and hug her knees.

Stunned, Simeon remained sitting on the end of Julie's' bed. Her outburst had
shocked him, not only because it was very unlike her, but because he felt it was
his fault. He had sensed her frustration after her times with Nyssa, but he had
never pursued it, trusting Nyssa to know what she was doing.

"I'm horny," Julie said softly from across the room. "I want to be alone and cry
myself to sleep, but I can't stop thinking about you." She sounded weary, almost
resigned to her primal urges being in control.

"What happened with Celina?" Simeon asked her.

"Why does that matter?" she returned.

"Well, because something had to happen to make you feel like this!" Simeon's
voice was firm, and yet full of concern for her.

"What happened was I almost killed her," she told him in a whisper, her face
pale as she recalled.

"But before that...?"

"I don't know!" It came out as almost a shout. "She was bleeding, and I tried to
help, and suddenly I was leaping back, preparing to... to... I don't know..."
She trailed off with a whisper.

"I can't help you if you don't tell me everything," Simeon said softly, climbing
to his feet.

"Why should I tell you anything?" she snapped in response. "You never give me
anything back."

"Okay," he said finally. "I'll do it, I'll teach you."

"That's what Nyssa said," Julie replied bitterly.

"Nyssa... Nyssa is under orders not to help you too much," he admitted grimly.
"You don't know, but the Council is very worried about you, and they feel the
best way to keep you under control is to make sure you don't know anything
useful."

Julie didn't say anything, but he could feel her rising anger from across the
room.

"You haven't had a Dominant upbringing, and they think all your sudden, new...
power will go to your head."

"What's that supposed to mean?" she asked, her voice dangerously flat.

"It means they fear you'll go around breaking into banks and making half the
orphanage into your slaves, stupid things like that," he explained simply. "I
thought Nyssa knew what she was doing; I thought she would see you weren't like
that and try to help you." He moved from his position on the end of the bed to
come and sit next to Julie.

"I'm sorry," he said sincerely, putting an arm around her. She stiffened at his
touch, but as quickly as it had come, her anger faded and she found herself
pressed against him, crying silently.

"Will you really teach me?" she asked when she had run out of tears. He nodded,
and finally got her to smile.

"Thank you," she whispered, and returned her head to resting against his chest.

"Come on, you should get up and reassure your two special friends, don't forget
they can sense your emotions, and it can be very confusing when they're not used
to it."

"But I want to stay here," Julie whined, breathing in deeply as she smelled his
scent.

"Up," he commanded, and climbed to his feet, dragging her up with him. "Let's go
find Kate; you're practically oozing sex now, a walk will do you good." Julie
forced herself to let go of him, as much as she didn't want to.

"She'll be with Celina," Julie noted with a slightly apprehensive tone.

"You'll be fine, I'll come with you," he said reassuringly, opening her bedroom
door. "My work can wait another day."



--

Huge thanks to that great gal, slavelucy!

--




Chapter 17 - Cold Chill



"Keep moving," Julian growled, causing the girl to stumble as he shoved her in
the back. She looked back over her shoulder to glare at him, but the still
visible hand-mark on her cheek from her last hot retort ensured she kept quiet.

Julian made a point of leering at her, causing her to quickly look away as she
hid the blush that came to her cheeks. Every step she took reminded her of how
little she wore, the essentially transparent strips of silk that served as her
shirt and top allowing the air to touch everything.

It's not like he hasn't touched it all before, she thought angrily, recalling
how he had stripped the suit off her like he had been undressing a doll. A
feeling of horror made her shudder as she remembered how he had then prepared
her unconscious replacement, watching her reactions the whole time and taking in
every look of disgust as if it gave him pleasure. She had started to hate him
then, and her feelings had not improved one bit since.

"You will remain quiet," he ordered suddenly, needing no other words to express
his dislike of her. The touch of his hand on her shoulder made her stiffen, but
instead of the expected shove, he guided her through a set of wide doors.

Even though his face had been distorted by her mask and the glass tube, she had
no trouble recognising the figure seated at the opposite end of the room.

"Thank you Julian," he dismissed the younger man with a flick of his wrist.
Julian didn't look impressed with this, and she took the chance to throw him a
smugly satisfied grin that only widened when his face clouded over with rage.

"Do you think it is wise to be alone with this girl, Sir?" He spoke through
gritted teeth. "Perhaps I should find a less insolent..."

"That will be all," Guy told him, promising consequences despite the edge of
frailty in his voice.

"As you wish," Julian replied, his grey gaze falling on her with enough
intensity to peel paint. Brown eyes looked back unflinchingly above her
continued grin until with a furious look he turned away and stormed out.

"You are brave to bait Julian," Guy told her as the doors closed, cutting off
her avenue of escape. "He hates what he cannot have."

Her grin faded, and she turned to glare at him, arms crossed defiantly
underneath her breasts. Guy smiled at this, ignoring the barely covered curves
of her naked beauty to stare into her eyes. His steady gaze unsettled her, until
after several long seconds she was forced to look away. It was only for a
moment, but she knew he had noticed, and she hated losing.

"What is your name, Miss?" he asked. Having won their battle of wills, he now
allowed his gaze to travel down her figure, drinking in the curve of her hips,
the smooth indent of her belly-button, and the puffiness of her labia from her
recent time with the harvester.

She continued to glare silently, resisting the growing urge to massage her
aching breasts. They had returned to their normal size by the time she was free,
but a painful injection to each one ensured her torment continued. The doctor
who gave them had begun to warn her of the consequences of such rapid hormonal
changes, but Julian had silenced him before she could find out what they were.
She had a feeling that the aching was only the start.

"You can call me Guy," he told her, his gaze returning to her face. Again she
faced him, brown eyes burning with anger. After a long moment, she shuddered,
and looked away.

"Annabelle," she growled, staring at her feet as she tried to work out why she
just told him that. I never tell anyone my full name, she cursed silently. I
hate it!

"Welcome, Annabelle," he said with a soft smile.

"Anna," she snapped, glaring at him once again. He merely inclined his head in
acknowledgement.

"What do you want?" she demanded when she began to feel her gaze waver.

"Can you dance?" he returned smoothly.

"I'm not dancing for you, pervert," she spat back, looking slightly shocked.

"Your breasts hurt," Guy stated calmly. "Trust me when I say you will feel much
worse in a few hours."

"And...?" She raised her arms slightly, unconsciously protecting her aching
chest as he confirmed her fears.

"And I'm sure you want to be somewhere more comfortable when it starts," a
slightly cruel smile on his face.

Annas' eyes narrowed in loathing, whilst inwardly she shivered, wondering what
lay in store for her.

"Fuck you," she replied defiantly, firmly recrossing her arms even as her heart
pounded with fear. "Find some other slut to get you hard."

Guy smiled at her from across the room.

"If only that were possible," he said with a note of sadness in his voice, one
bony hand moving to rest across his belly.

Some of Anna's anger faded, as she knew he didn't mean there was a shortage of
other girls. But she refused to feel sorry for her captor, and continuing to
glare, sat herself down on the cold metal floor to wait. Shamelessly she crossed
her legs in front of her, as if taunting him with her nudity. Injections or not,
she would never dance for him.



"How is Susan?" Simeon asked casually once they were out in the hall.

"Probably still sleeping," Julie replied as they walked, more worried about
seeing Celina again.

"Probably," Simeon repeated disapprovingly, and stopped to frown.

"Do we have to start this now," she protested.

"You're here, I'm here," he pointed out firmly.

Julie glared at him for a second before giving in, knowing there was no arguing
when he used that tone. Reluctantly she felt for the little bundle in the back
of her mind that she knew was Susan.

"Okay, okay, she's... she's awake," Julie said with a note of surprise. "...I
think..." Simeon chuckled at this.

"Go find out," he suggested, pointing to Susan's door.

Julie nodded, wondering why her friend hadn't even said hi. She reached for the
door handle, and then pulled her hand back like it had snapped at her.

"Maybe later," Julie said hurriedly, and walked quickly off down the hall.

"What's wrong?" Simeon called after her, running to catch up. She didn't reply,
but the burning of her cheeks told him all he needed to know.

"Oh Trig," he laughed, "You don't stop do you!"

"Trig?!" Julie exclaimed, trying not to giggle too much herself. "What about
Susan! I feel like I've turned that innocent girl into a sex monster!"

"Well," Simeon began, trying to control his amusement. "Actually, that is sort
of your fault."

"I know that," Julie told him, calming down. "Nyssa tried to explain how,
but..." She shrugged.

"A lot of this can be fairly complex, and Nyssa... well, she can over-explain
things." Julie nodded enthusiastically in agreement.

"Now," he said, changing subject, "where is Kate?" He looked expectantly at
Julie.

"That way," she replied reluctantly, pointing vaguely down the hall.

"Good." Simeon smiled at her, and resumed walking.

"Anyway, Susan has basically gotten your... considerable sex drive." He paused
to grin at the blush suffusing her face. "And being with Trig only makes it
stronger; it sort of gets mixed with the longing she feels for you when they are
together."

"So, when Trig is with her," Julie mused, "She feels more horny afterwards,
instead of less?" She felt a tingle between her legs at the delicious cruelty of
it.

"Not quite," he told her, and laughed at the look of disappointment that crossed
her face. "But that is pretty much the result... you like that idea don't you!"

Julie nodded, blushing again.

"Ah, we'll make a Mistress out of you yet!"

"You're trying to think of how to make me like that!" she accused, sticking her
tongue out cheekily.

"Well, you are the teachers pet," he pointed out, grinning evilly.

"Keep pets on a leash at all times," she reminded, and then skipped away safely
around a corner.

"We'll see about that later!" he called after her.

Rounding the corner, he almost walked into Julie's back.

"It's a date," she whispered to him, violet eyes centred on Kate, who was
standing in the middle of the hallway looking very flustered.

"Celina," she called out, staring at the door in front of her. "Please come
out!" A moment later she sighed, and gave Julie an exasperated look.

"I don't know what's wrong, she won't unlock it!"

"Her room has a lock?" Julie looked sternly at Simeon. "We will talk about my
lack of lock later."

"Stop delaying," he chastised gently. "Remember to say her name first; it gets
her attention and makes her more likely to obey."

Taking a deep breath, Julie nodded and came up next to Kate.

"Be gentle," Kate told her quietly. "She's scared."

Without thinking, Julie threw her arms around Kate and kissed her, her lips
cutting off Kate's surprised cry. After a second she began to respond, her lips
burning with a need that was almost animal, just as Julie pulled away.

"Wow..." Kate gasped, unprepared for the reaction she felt inside her. "I...
what..."

"Sorry I've been avoiding you," Julie whispered sincerely. "Things are
different, but we're still friends, right?" Kate nodded mutely, stunned by the
sudden, powerful feelings filling her. They had barely touched since that
weekend, but she was still owned by Julie, and a months' worth of hunger hit her
as their lips parted.

Julie stepped back and faced the door, hiding her relief.

"Celina," she called out with a power that made Kate's eyes widen for a second
time. "Open the door."



Susan stirred beside Trig, her legs slowly straightening out underneath the
blanket covering them both to the waist. The blue rubber suit still hugged her
figure up to her neck, and it squeaked softly as she moved, the light coming in
through the partly drawn curtains shining off its polished surface.

"Welcome back," Trig whispered as her eyes fluttered open and focused on him.
They were sharing the pillow, close enough to feel her breath on his face.

"I fell asleep again," she said drowsily, a smile coming to her lips at seeing
him.

"You did," he confirmed, "Feeling better now?" She nodded lazily.

"Much better," she purred, blue eyes still heavy with sleep.

"Do you remember what happened?" Trig watched as her cheeks, already a soft pink
from the warmth of the blanket, turned a bright red.

"A little," she replied quietly. "I think there was one of those round
things..." Trig nodded as she looked to him for confirmation.

"What happened?" She looked only slightly concerned, as Trig was too relaxed for
there to be any danger.

"They were some friends of Julies' dad," he reassured her.

"Her dad is here?" Susan looked surprised when he nodded. "Cool!" she exclaimed,
before her face softened.

"I wish I had a dad," she said with a touch of sadness.

"Aw, but you've got me!" Trig grinned as she pulled a face and poked him in the
chest. Although he had unclipped them from her hips, she still wore the mittens
on her hands, turning them into two useless fists.

"You're different! You're not my dad, you're my Shane," she told him fondly,
using his rarely mentioned real name.

"And you're my kinky little Susan," he replied, running a hand down the blue
curve of her figure.

"I'm not kinky!" she protested, blushing strongly.

"You're wearing blue rubber up to your neck," Trig began, his hand sliding up
her body to cup one of her small breasts. "Both holes are plugged with
dildos..." His hand travelled down to press against the soft mound between her
legs, causing her to inhale sharply with pleasure.

"...and I can feel your heat through the suit..." She tried not to moan as he
rubbed his hand over her sex, feeling the soft, rubber ridges press into the
sensitive folds of her sex. "...but you're not kinky." His hand continued to
move, causing her to squirm as the slick rubber caressed her clit.

"No-oh," she breathed, rolling over so she could spread her legs wider. The
further apart, the deeper the dildos sank into her loins and the heavier her
breathing became.

"Okay then, open your mouth, Miss Non-Kinky," he teased. With a loud, nervous
moan she obeyed, guessing what he was about to do.

With a little force, he worked the ring-gag between her teeth, his hand leaving
its place in her thighs to help buckle it tight.

"I love you," he whispered, running a finger around the blue ring holding her
jaws apart and moving close as if to kiss her. He smiled as she tried to lick
him with her tongue, kicking back the blanket which ended half hanging off the
end of the bed. His erection stood up clearly under the pair of shorts that soon
joined the blanket at their feet, allowing her to run her eyes over his bare
skin.

Her breath whistling through the gag, Susan couldn't move her eyes from his cock
as she turned around, bringing her face closer. She felt Trigs' hands on her
hips, and let out a surprised squeal as he lifted her up and placed her astride
his chest.

With a nervous giggle she lay forward, catching his cock between her fists. He
sighed as for the second time that day he felt the warm wetness of her tongue
swirl around his head. Eyes becoming lidded, he lay his head back on the pillow
and watched her smooth, blue-covered buttocks wriggle in time with the bobbing
of her head on his cock.

Every time she pulled back her head, the wet sucking noise that came from her
mouth filled her with shame, even as she felt her sex tighten in response. The
ring-gag not only made it nearly impossible for her to remain silent, but meant
she was constantly drooling. She hated the feeling of it running down her chin,
and her inability to do anything about it only added to her arousal, driving her
to press her hips against his chest and let the gentle rocking motion of her
body rub the hidden folds of her sex.

"Having fun?" Trig asked heavily, moving his left hand from holding her thigh to
probe the thin rubber between her legs.

Her deep, lustful moan vibrated around his cock as she pushed back to meet his
hand. Above his fingers sat a neat, round plug, the only feature on the suit he
could see. She moaned again as he pushed on it, a louder, more shameful sound as
she felt the plug move deep in her anus.

Susan began to play with his balls, her sex-clouded eyes taking on a touch of
fascination as she cautiously rubbed them with her gloved hands. She had never
sucked him from this angle before, and she liked how much easier it was to take
him deeper down her throat.

As if trying to see how much easier it was, she tilted her head back and pushed
forward, letting his cock slide as far in as she dared. Her body wanted to
retch, but she tried to hold it as long as possible, helped by the low groan
Trig made as she wriggled her tongue.

Her fragile self-control shattered as without warning, Trig jammed the tip of
her vibrator against her sex. With a gurgled squeal she pulled her head back,
torn between squirming in pleasure and coughing as she looked over her shoulder.

"You liked that?" he asked, grinning as her face turned the colour of her hair.

"Yes," she moaned through the ring-gag, careless of the saliva covering her
chin. Her eyes were half closed as the vibrations teased her, the hard rubber
plugs allowing them to reach deep into her loins.

"Don't stop then!" The vibrator was withdrawn briefly, making her whine in
unhappiness.

Eagerly she took him in her mouth again, not caring about the noises she was
making as long as the vibrator was returned. Each breath around his cock was a
gentle purr of pleasure as he ground her little pink sex toy against her clit.
She had no idea how he had found it; she usually hid it far underneath the bed,
and he wouldn't have explored there.

Trig groaned loudly as she sucked hard on his cock, as if trying to draw the
seed from the balls she continued to play with. She felt him respond, thrusting
upwards to place more of himself inside her mouth. The sudden movement
threatened to make her choke, an uncomfortable reminder of how open the gag left
her.

The vibrator left her momentarily, before she felt it pressed hard against the
plug over her anus. Her blue eyes widened as the vibrations travelled deep into
her rear, his palm still grinding against her clit. The sensations made her
thrust her hips back at him, drawing a loud moan from her throat that caused
Trig to groan a moment later.

"Fuck," he gasped, breathing heavily. "Don't moan like that, you'll make me cum
too quickly!"

Susan's response was to moan again, a sound cut off with a gurgle as he sharply
pushed his hips upwards.

"Oh!" he grunted, slowly relaxing. "I said don't!"

A determined glint in her eyes, she took a deep breath and pushed forward,
taking as much of him down her throat as she could. He felt her muscles tighten,
and then she exhaled, humming loudly.

"Fu-u-ck," he groaned, tensing his whole body.

Running out of breath, she raised her head briefly, tongue constantly rubbing.
You naughty little...

His thought died as she started humming again, the tightness of her throat and
the vibrations of the noise almost pushing him over the edge.

Her next breath came quickly, and as she lowered her head down on his cock once
more, he knew this was it. Silently promising consequences for cutting short his
fun, he reached down and placed his free hand on the back of her head.

His touch scared her a little, but she still hummed around his cock, feeling it
twitch as he went rigid, pressing the vibrator hard into her sex. As her breath
ran out, he shuddered underneath her and came, pumping himself down her throat
as his hand prevented her from moving. Susan squirmed as her own mini-orgasm
washed over her, eyes tightly shut as she swallowed as fast as she could. She
knew she should feel ashamed, but with the vibrator buzzing hard against her
clit and his cock pulsing against her tongue, she didn't care about anything but
the moment.

Eventually his hand relaxed enough for her to raise her head, and she seemed
almost reluctant as she let his cock slide from her mouth. Breathing heavily,
she crawled off him and nestled up in the crook of his arm.

"You are..." he began between breaths, "...amazing." He fumbled with her
ring-gag for a moment before it came loose.

"Thank you," she purred, enjoying the smell of his sweat and the pride she felt
at being the cause of it. Her face was bright red with warmth, the suit she wore
trapping the heat of her body.

"You're also in trouble!" His hand which had been gently stroking her ear gave
it a slight pinch. Susan giggled playfully.

"What do you mean? I didn't do anything!" She raised her head from resting on
his chest, trying to appear innocent. She knew exactly what he meant, and would
never be able to look at him again if she thought about it too much.

"You're so cute; my little red-haired slut." He sat up and gave her a kiss on
the forehead, smiling fondly as her face darkened further.

"Come on, time for a shower," Trig decided, climbing over her and off the bed.
"You feel like you're cooking in that thing!"

"I am!" She giggled as he lifted her off the bed and carried her to the
bathroom. "I don't know how Julie can wear these suits, they're so hot! It's all
squishy inside with sweat and that Jelly you covered me in!"

"And a few other things, seeing how much you like that little vibrator of
yours," he said slyly, bare feet slapping against the tiles.

"You knew about it!" she squealed, burying her face in his chest to hide her
shame. Trig burst out laughing.

"Not until today," he admitted, setting her back down on her feet. "It's a
pretty small thing, I almost didn't see it!" She moaned in mortification.

"You won't tell J... Julie, will you?"

"Why would I do that?" He looked slightly surprised, and paused in reaching over
the bath for the taps.

"She doesn't need to know about your little toy."

"Well..." Susan trailed off, becoming interested in his muscular buttocks.

Trig stared at her for a long moment, trying to work out why she looked so
guilty. It's not like she can use it often, he mused. If she's not with me or
Julie, she's in the belt...

"Wait..." he said suddenly, realisation slowly dawning. "You can feel it through
the belt!" he accused, the way the blood quickly drained from her face making
him fight not to laugh.

"Shush!" Susan cried, looking anxiously towards Julies' room even though a quiet
part of her mind told her she wasn't near.

"Can you cum?" He exploded with laughter as she began hitting him, her small
gloved fists raining down on his back.

"Trig!" she squealed in dismay. "Stop laughing!" Her cries only got louder when
he caught her wrists and lifted her up into the air, muscles rippling in his
arms.

"Answer the question," he demanded mock-seriously, deftly avoiding her flailing
legs. "Answer and I'll put you down!"

"Never!" she cried, grinning in defiance.

"You're being very resistant today, it's very unlike you!" His grin said he
didn't mind one bit.

"But it's much more fun," she replied, and sank the tip of her foot hard into
his thigh.

"OW!" he exclaimed, cursing his moment of distraction. "You naughty little..."

Susan let out a surprised yelp as in the blink of an eye she found herself over
his knee with her rear up in the air, his hand already descending.

Slap! Slap! Slap!

For the first few she was too shocked to make a sound, but as his hand came down
on her behind again, she began bucking wildly and pummelling him with her fists.

"Trig!" she squealed indignantly, the blue rubber covering her buttocks
providing little protection. "Don't! OW! I'm sorry!"

Slap! Slap!

"OW! Trig, please!" Her long red hair hung down over her face, waving about
wildly as she tried to squirm out of his grasp. "OW! Okay, I'll stop being OW!
Trig!"

Grinning with amusement, Trig let her go, watching from the edge of the bath as
she scampered off back to her room, furiously rubbing her sore behind.

She hid around the corner for a few moments, giggling nervously as she waited
for him to come after her. When she heard the shower start up instead, she stuck
her head into bathroom and pouted, embarrassed by his casual nudity even as she
tried not to watch how the water flowed over his body.

"Hey," he called to her, as if nothing was out of the ordinary. "Can you grab me
the soap?"

Susan's eyes narrowed in suspicion, but he seemed to be ignoring her. Cautiously
she re-entered the bathroom and collected the soap off the sink, made difficult
by the gloves turning her hands into fists. Too late she saw the soap already
sitting on the edge of the bath/shower, as his strong hand closed around one
wrist.

"You tricked me!" she cried, the soap falling to the floor.

"I did!" he crowed, grinning widely as he pulled her closer.

It was then that she felt the cold water on his skin, stealing the warmth from
her arm despite the suit. Susan knew he liked a cold shower every now and then
to "make him stronger", but he would never...

Her scream echoed through the house.



The door opened before Julie faster than she had expected, and her surprise only
increased at finding Seth standing in the way.

"Good try," he told her seriously. "Next time though, use more force in your
voice, and less in your mind. Give me another minute." With that he shut the
door again, leaving her stunned out in the hall.

"D... Dad!" she yelled after a moment, banging her fist on the door. "Hey!" When
there was no reply, Julie turned to Simeon, who looked as confused as she was.

When it opened a second time, it was Celina on the other side. She looked like
she'd been crying, her pretty features red and stained with tears, and her shirt
had been replaced by the black silky suit, its creepy figure-hugging fabric
leaving nothing to the imagination.

"Come in," she whispered, keeping her eyes lowered. "And I'll explain what I
can."

--

Thanks to the worlds best editor, slavelucy

--




Chapter 18 - Storytelling



The extravagance of Celina's room was almost enough to make Julie forget the
uneasy feeling in her heart. Being located in the middle of the house meant it
had no windows, but the perfectly varnished wooden panelling, decorative light
fittings and plentiful gold trim made up for it. With Kate following her
closely, she sat down on the double bed pointing out from the opposite wall and
almost fell backwards as she sank into its softness.

The room was large enough to fit a small table and two chairs to Julie's left,
one of which was occupied by Seth who looked unusually serious. As Celina took
the other chair, Simeon closed the door behind them and leant against it to
listen.

It was an effort for Julie to remain quiet as they waited for Celina to speak;
she was uncertain she wanted to hear why the blonde had rows of neat, vertical
lines covering her back, but now she was there, the delay was enough to make her
fidget impatiently.

The soft hum of the small bar-fridge in the corner was the only sound until Seth
leant over the table and spoke.

"I had hoped Celina could wait until she was ready to tell you, but it seems I
was wrong."

"You know about it," Julie stated, her eyes narrowing. She was still angry about
being kept in the dark by everyone, and her father was no exception.

"I know a lot of things," he replied cryptically. Julie gritted her teeth, but
the hand Kate placed on her thigh was enough to restrain her; now was not the
time to argue with him.

"What happened in the cafe bathroom?" Kate asked tentatively, breaking the
uncomfortable silence that had fallen on the room.

"Well," Julie began slowly when Celina didn't speak. "Celina started bleeding,
so I took her to the bathroom, and when I saw her back I... I don't know, I got
scared or something."

Kate could tell that Julie was downplaying her memories of what happened; she
knew it would take more than that to make her friend so upset.

"There were all these..." Julie halted, trying to find the right words to
describe what she had seen.

"They're scars," Celina interrupted without looking up. "They were... testing
different strengths of an infection... finding out my resistance."

"An infection," Julie repeated, looking horrified. "They... experimented on
you?!" Celina let out a sob and nodded, remembering the pain of each scar like
it had just happened.

"Why though?" Simeon was both disturbed and confused by the thought. "A strong
Dominant can heal almost anything, why go to all the trouble of experimenting?"

"Because..." Seth paused, sounding reluctant to speak. "It is an infection that
kills Dominants."

"I've never heard of such a thing," Simeon said sceptically.

"Then we've been doing our job," Seth told him, his expression saying he would
reveal no more.

"Is that why I reacted, because it could kill me?" Julie stared at her father,
daring him to not answer.

"Possibly," he replied. "I don't know exactly what it would do to hybrids."

Julie nodded thoughtfully, pushing aside her anger at his vagueness. If they
were trying to learn about the infection, perhaps that was why they captured
her. She still didn't understand why they used that machine on her, though, and
just remembering her behaviour on it was enough to make her blush.

"Is she... are you contagious?" Simeon turned to Celina.

"No," both she and Seth replied, before Seth added: "What remains of the
infection is under the skin; you would need to get blood from there in an open
cut, or drink it." Julie pulled a face at the thought of drinking blood.

"But wait, why are they doing experiments anyway?" she asked, looking confused.
"They don't seem the kind of people to look for cures." Julian had been more
interested in hurting her than anything else.

"Because..." Celina explained. "The master of the station is dying from it."



Trying to ignore the dizzy feeling that was slowly growing in her head, Anna
watched from her position cross-legged on the floor as Julian walked past her,
holding something in his arms. The cold floor had grown warm underneath her bare
buttocks, the tiny and essentially transparent skirt she wore not long enough
for her to sit on.

Guy was silent as Julian crouched beside his chair and opened the hatch at its
base. Trying not to appear interested, Anna watched him swap the object in his
arms with the one in the chair, getting a brief look at the pill-shaped canister
he held.

"It is the one I asked for?" Guy asked in a low voice, making no comment about
why Julian was delivering the canister instead of T-5. It would not surprise him
if Julian had killed T-5 in an act of rage; it had happened before, although he
couldn't prove it.

"Yes," Julian replied flatly, standing up with the empty canister in one hand.

"Good. That will be all."

Guys' dismissal of him caused a flicker of anger to pass across Julian's face.
For a moment, Anna thought Julian was going to hit him, but he seemed to regain
enough control of himself to nod stonily and walk away.

"One day he won't be here to protect you," he whispered harshly, pausing as he
passed by her. She looked up at him with the barest hint of a smile on her soft,
red lips, unflinchingly meeting the hate in his grey eyes. With one hand she
swung at the small patch of skin visible between his pants and shoes, her nails
leaving a surprisingly deep cut.

"Who said I need protection?" she said loudly in reply, maintaining eye-contact
with him as she returned her hand to her lap.

But instead of the rage she had been expecting, Julian started smiling, a cold
expression that made Anna uneasy.

"I will enjoy breaking you," he told her, and glanced down at his leg.

She followed his gaze down, her face going pale as she watched the cut close up
before her very eyes. As injuries went, it wasn't a huge one, but the impossible
speed with which it disappeared scared her. What sort of person was he?!

Despite her shock and now genuine fear of him, Anna managed to meet his eyes. He
only looked back for a moment before he walked off, but as she heard the doors
close behind her, she knew she had lost another battle.

"Julian is unique," she heard Guy say once they were alone again, his gravely
voice taking on a hint of sadness. "Unique and... flawed."

Anna tore her gaze from the doors to face him, still very pale

"Flawed?!" she exclaimed, shocked by his understatement. "He just... healed that
cut quicker than I can lick my lips!"

"Ah, I forget you are from Earth," Guy apologised. "This must be all new to
you."

"What do you mean, 'from Earth'?" Anna stared at him in disbelief. "What other
place would I be from?! You've watched too much TV, Grandpa!" She smiled smugly,
finding it hard to be scared by a crazy old man and what she now dismissed as a
clever trick by Julian.

"So what happened, did daddy give you this place for you and your friends to
play space men?" she sneered, standing up to glare at him. "Do you capture girls
like me because we never looked twice at you in school?"

"You have a great imagination for one so young," Guy said coolly, fascinated by
her behaviour. "And yet you could not be more wrong. Come closer, I will show
you why you were brought here."

Anna's glare became slightly suspicious, and she took a second to consider
before approaching, prepared to fight if he tried anything. She felt
uncomfortable being almost naked so close to him, but his gaze stayed on her
face, quietly contemplating her.

When she stopped only a few metres away, he leant over the edge of his chair and
opened the hatch Julian had been poking around in earlier.

"This canister down here is what keeps me alive," he explained, waving his hand
to indicate the shiny steel pill nestled in amidst the complex web of glowing
cables. "The liquid inside helps hold my infection at bay."

"Pretty lights," Anna said sarcastically. "What does that have to do with me,
except letting me know how to kill you?" She glanced briefly at the canister, as
if measuring how long it would take her to steal it.

"I am not like you," Guy stated levelly, his dark red eyes staring intently at
her. "Your world has legends of vampires; I am about as close to a real one as
you will find. I heal faster, and I'm stronger than you will ever be, despite my
condition. But I don't feed on blood, I feed on sex, and these canisters contain
the liquids we harvest from the cunts of every human girl here."

Anna was silent, too stunned to say anything. The horror of the whole concept,
and the authority with which he spoke was nearly enough to make her believe him.
She realised she was squeezing her legs together and tried to relax them, even
as she thought back to her time in the tube, remembering how the machine had
made her cum over and over... harvesting her like a cow for her milk.

"This canister is from you," he told her, his normally rough voice sounding
almost soft.

"That... is from me?" Anna made a weak attempt at laughing, but it lacked her
earlier conviction. "Yeah, right!" she scoffed. "I wasn't in there long enough
to fill a cup, let alone one of those things!" She looked down at the canister,
estimating its capacity to be at least several litres, and imagining it full of
her female liquids was something that made her feel ill. Even if she told
herself she didn't believe him, it was like learning someone had been collecting
the hairs off her hairbrush, only infinitely more intimate.

"We keep records on all the girls here," Guy informed her, watching the way she
was increasingly swaying, unable to maintain her balance. It would not be much
longer... "In one month, you will have been here two years."

"Two..." she breathed, and then fell to her knees, one hand catching the
arm-rest of Guys'  chair to stop herself from ending up flat on her face.
"You... you're lying, I only just woke up today, I can't have slept for... that
long."

"For most of the time you were sedated," he explained. "The remainder, your
conscious mind was suppressed. You woke up only because I woke you."

"No," she choked, refusing to believe him. With her free hand she pressed
against her chest just above her aching breasts, feeling the rapid pounding of
her heart. What remained of her mind that wasn't paralysed by horror knew her
heart shouldn't be beating so fast. The sweat pouring off her almost naked body
was stinging her eyes, trickling down her back to disappear in the curve between
her buttocks.

She didn't hear Guy call to her as she fell forward, her arms having barely
enough strength to stop her head from hitting the floor. Unable to escape the
powerful drugs she had been given, Anna's body violently rebelled at its
treatment. I feel so hot, she thought detachedly. It hurts...

She slid into unconsciousness.



"You expect me to stay quiet about this?" It was an effort for Simeon to keep
his voice down as he spoke to Seth near the door. "This could destroy our very
society! The Council needs to know everything..."

"You will tell no-one, and especially not the Council." Seth's voice carried a
dangerous tone. "We have kept this secret since long before you or I was born;
we'll do anything to protect it, and I would hate to break Julie's heart."

"Are you threatening me?" Simeon's face hardened.

"I am asking you to trust that we know what we're doing," Seth replied quietly.

"Trust you? Your daughter trusted you, and you abandoned her!"

"I did what any father would have done," Seth told him steadily.

"She needed your protection and you weren't there. If these people were hunting
her all this time, its blind luck she wasn't found earlier!"

"You know nothing of what happened," Seth hissed, anger showing on his face.
"Kelly died to hide her, and she would have stayed hidden except for Moira. Guy
wanted me as much as he wanted Julie; I needed to hide, and the Resistance
helped me."

"But why, why were they looking for you both? Why was it so important to leave
her?"

"You think I will tell you, when I won't tell her?" Seth looked slightly
suspicious.

"She trusts you had a good reason, but that won't last forever," Simeon told him
in exasperation. "If it is too hard to tell her, tell me then!"

"Did she ask you to do this?" Seth turned away to watch the girls huddled in the
middle of the bed, whispering quietly amongst themselves. His gaze lingered on
Julie, who had turned her back to the rest of the room, sensing that she was
listening despite showing no interest.

"She talks about you all the time, but no, she never asked." Simeon watched as
Julie's father sighed heavily.

"When Guy was first infected, he was funding our work on the Amplifier... the
necklace. He contacted us about researching hybrids... I was the best person for
it, but I declined." Seth took a deep breath before continuing.

"Kelly became pregnant with Julie the year after. We learned later that Guy had
drugged her so it was almost guaranteed her child would be a hybrid. That drug
was one of the many wonderful gifts Moira gave us, but the hybrid children it
created never lived long enough to be useful to them. So they forced me to work
on the problem, in order to save my own daughter."

Simeon knew that Moira had been involved in illegal hybrid research, but the
knowledge that she could create them so easily was shocking, given that none had
survived. The drugs he was taking before Julie made them useless only worked on
a small percentage of hybrids, and an even smaller amount lived past puberty.
Why he of all people had lived for so long was something no-one could answer.

"And you did it in nine months," Simeon whispered, both impressed and horrified.

"Six months," Seth corrected, sounding slightly proud. "But Guy never learnt
how; the Resistance found us and we moved to Earth before he could get my work."

"We have no records of you coming here," Simeon told him.

"Of course not, he would have checked those." Seth paused to gather his
thoughts, turning to lean back on the wall and stare up at the ceiling. "The
Resistance wanted my help with some of their work, so I... left them. It wasn't
for long, a week or two, but Kelly was... a very social person, and people were
interested in our eyes, Julies and mine. Some of Guys men learned about us, and
unable to find me, they came for Julie instead..."

Seth trailed off into silence, eyes closed as he remembered that day. Simeon
didn't fail to notice the girls had stopped talking, and he could see out the
corner of his eye that Julie had turned part-way around so she could see, and
hear, better.

"I took anything that didn't belong on Earth; the police didn't find anything
special. I would have taken Julie from the hospital, but... she looked so
peaceful there, sleeping in her cot. All I had to offer was a life of running...
so I..." Seth paused, his voice cracking with emotion. Tears squeezed their way
through his closed eyelids, but he made no move to wipe them away. After a
moment, he coughed loudly and gave his head a shake to clear it. His eyes opened
and focused on Julie, the tears turning her face into Kelly's for a brief
moment.

"So I left her. I made sure there was no record of them, and by the time Guy
realised he wasn't looking for a mother and daughter anymore, the trail was long
gone."

"Until Moira," Simeon added quietly.

"Moira left Guys service before Julie was born, one of the reasons he came to
me," Seth explained. "No doubt she led Shadow here, searching for Kelly and the
Amplifier; instead, she found Julie. She would have recognised her own work
pretty quickly."

"So she went back to Guy just to let him know?" Simeon sniffed in disbelief.

"Why does Moira do anything?" Seth shrugged. "But I doubt we've seen the last of
her."

He fell silent, gazing down at Julie as she smiled back at him over her
shoulder, wordlessly thanking him for telling the story.

"I... have work to do," he mumbled suddenly. With a smile at the girls and a nod
to Simeon, he opened the door and left.

For a long time nobody moved, the silence broken every few seconds by Julie as
she sniffed. Simeon watched from across the room, uncertain whether to leave the
girls in peace, or go over and comfort her.

"Julie, I..." Lost for words, Celina trailed off without finishing.

"I'm fine; I just need a minute to think." Julie sniffed for the hundredth time,
and wiped away the tears she was trying to hide by keeping her head bowed.

She hated Simeon seeing her in her current state, and gave him a puffy-eyed
attempt at a smile and mouthed "I'm okay", hoping he would leave. He wasn't
convinced though, and despite the pleading look on her face, came over to wrap
his arms around her from behind.

"I'm fine!" she hissed indignantly, trying to wriggle out of his embrace.

"Sure?" His concerned expression couldn't hide the faint amusement he got from
her discomfort, an expression that widened into a smile as she growled angrily.

"I'm sure!" Julie glared playfully at him as he let go and stepped back.

"I'll see you girls at dinner then," Simon announced, and with a mimed kiss
directed at Julie, turned and left.

As soon as the door had closed behind him, Kate was leaning forward onto her
hands and sticking her face into Julies'.

"Okay, what is going on with you and him?" she demanded, grinning widely.

"Oh, nothing!" the violet eyed girl replied, recovering quickly from her
surprise.

"That wasn't 'nothing'!" Kate insisted, emerald green eyes narrowing in
response. "He did everything but invite you into bed after dinner!"

"That is already arranged," Julie said deviously, enjoying the look of shock
that crossed Kates' face.

"I knew it!" she exclaimed, pounding one fist against the mattress. "Kate has
been out of the loop for too long; tell!" Julie groaned loudly.

"Perhaps I should start from the start, when we went to bed," she suggested
slowly. "...That night." Kates' smile slipped slightly, but she still nodded as
she sat up again. Her memories of the days prior were broken and confused, and
the weeks that followed were just as bad. She barely remembered getting the
lollypops with Julie and almost nothing afterwards.

"I have to find out sometime," she said softly.

"What..." Celina began nervously. "What happened?"

Julie sighed as she looked at the girls seated in front of her.

"Well, everyone else has told a story, I guess it's my turn."



An hour later the three girls emerged from Celina's room, walking side-by-side
to Julies' room. After absorbing the story in silence, and then asking a few
innocent questions, Kate began probing her friend for exact details of her times
with both Simeon and Susan. Julie had strained her vocabulary, blushing her way
through every awkward story whilst Kate giggled and Celina listened intently,
her blue eyes wide with fascination.

It didn't take long before Kate wanted to see the toys Julie was speaking of,
their descriptions enough to make her sex grow slick in her panties. She had
seen Julie and Susan together earlier in the day, and learning that the
strap-on, blindfold and gag were tame compared to some of Julies' other toys was
more than enough to make her curious.

"Okay, where are they?" she demanded once they were in Julies' room, crouching
down to peer underneath the bed.

"In the wardrobe," Julie told her in exasperation, quickly collecting the
discarded gag and taking it to the bathroom for a quick wash. She noticed how
wet the floor was and smiled to herself, clearly smelling Susan and Trig.

"This stuff is so kinky!" Kate exclaimed with the wardrobe doors wide open,
unable to keep the lust from her voice.

Julie looked a little nervous as she replaced the ball-gag in the wardrobe. She
could feel the need growing in both Kate and herself with every passing moment,
and she knew where it was headed. Celina looked more than interested in the
collection of sex-toys, and Julie couldn't politely send her away, but imagining
the blonde watching made her uneasy, and there was only one other option.

Still thinking, Julie collected the strap-on from off the floor and washed it as
well, not listening to the two other girls talking. Returning to her room, she
found Kate in the middle of trying to fit the ball-gag into an apprehensive
Celina's mouth.

"These things are pretty big," the brunette remarked, trying to act casual as
she let Celina go. "It would never fit!" Her cheeks turned bright red a moment
later as Julie continued to stare at her, causing her to look away hurriedly.

"Actually," the young Dominant corrected, plucking the gag from Kates'
unresisting hand. "You just need to use a little force." Grabbing Kate by the
jaw, Julie firmly inserted the gag into her open mouth, easily batting away the
girls' hands as she buckled it tightly. As soon as she was free, Kate reached
for the buckle.

"Don't touch," Julie commanded sharply.

"Mm!" she protested, but let her hands drop to her sides. Glaring at Julie, she
explored around the rubber ball with her tongue as she tried to remember why the
sensation seemed familiar.

Julie gave her a sweet smile in response, before turning to Celina, her
expression serious.

"I want to stay," Celina said before Julie could speak.

"You can't just... sit and watch," Julie told her, looking uncomfortable. "And I
don't need any more pets." She smiled weakly.

"I know, but... I don't want to be alone." Celina looked pleadingly at Julie.

"I'll be here the whole time if you need me," Julie tried to reassure her. She
felt Kate come up behind her, brushing against her back and emitting a barely
audible whine of impatience.

"Please, I'll be quiet!" Celina was about ready to drop to her knees and beg,
and Julie couldn't bring herself to insist that she left.

"Okay," Julie sighed, turning to the wardrobe. "But... you will be very quiet."
She showed Celina her spare gag, which was smaller than the one Kate had and fit
more comfortably in Susan's mouth. Obediently, Celina opened her mouth and
allowed her self to be gagged.

"Just find somewhere to sit," Julie told her with a gentle smile. Celina moaned
around the rubber ball in reply.

"Now, strip," Julie commanded, turning to face Kate.

Shocked, Kate made no move to obey, and stood still as Julie came up close until
she could feel her friends' breath on her skin.

"Do it," Julie whispered, and planted a kiss on Kates' cheek, just above the
strap of the gag. Her touch was like fire, a heat that went straight to Kate's
sex and made her quiver with sudden arousal.

Kate hurried to obey, driven by the bond to her mistress that had lain dormant
during her recovery. Quickly she stripped off her shirt, exposing the soft, pale
curves of her figure. The thin straps of her flimsy pink bra pressed into her
skin, her breasts threatening to burst from its confines. Bending forward, she
slipped off her shoes and paused, hands on the waistband of her jeans. Green
eyes stared nervously up at Julie. She wanted to be naked, to give everything to
her, but still she hesitated, confused by her feelings.

"And the pants," Julie prompted, trying to smile reassuringly.

Kate moaned loudly, shame warming her face as she pulled her jeans down to her
knees to expose a matching pair of pink panties, the soft cotton damp with her
arousal. She tugged awkwardly at her jeans, freeing one and then the other leg
and leaving her in nothing but her socks and underwear.

Julie watched the black marking on Kates' belly move as she straightened, the
thick lines forming the same symbol that was on her own belly. She could see the
confusion and fear in Kates' bright green eyes, as she fought the urges growing
in her.

Julie took hold of Kates' hand, and with the other took a pair of cuffs from the
wardrobe. Kate whimpered as Julie stepped behind her and closed the first cuff
around her slender wrist.

"Just relax," Julie whispered to her, undoing the pink clasp in the middle of
her back. The cold steel of the remaining cuff swung free from her wrist,
bouncing against her bare thigh as Julies' fingers pulled her bra-straps down
over her shoulders. The soft cups remained for only a second before falling
away, uncovering the dark circles of her areolae and pink nipples that were
already hard and erect.

Julie reached around her and cupped both breasts in her hands, causing Kate to
moan again as she rubbed her nipples. The almost naked girl placed her hands on
top of Julies', pressing them into her breasts.

"Not yet," Julie told her softly, catching Kates' hands and pulling them back
behind her. The final cuff clicked around her wrist, restraining her until Julie
set her free.

"Stay there." Behind her, Julie quickly stripped down to her own black lace
underwear. She glanced at Celina, noticing how she was staring intently whilst
she absently rubbed at her own nipples through the black suit.

"Now... Kneel," the violet-eyed girl commanded, walking around to stand with
hands on her hips in front of Kate.

A flicker of anger crossed Kates' face at being ordered around, but she moved to
obey, lowering herself to her knees.

"Good girl," Julie said approvingly, and immediately Kate began blushing.
"Right, legs apart!" she ordered. Kate moaned with shame as she parted her legs,
her sex clearly visible underneath her panties, the only piece of clothing she
had left besides her socks.

Trying her best to remain passive, Julie paused to watch as Celina stripped off
her own jeans and shoes, imitating Kate by leaving her panties on. The black
suit hugged her figure from below her buttocks up to her neck and it hid
nothing, making the white of her panties stand out. Breathing heavily around the
gag, she shuffled up to kneel in line with the stunned Kate and spread her legs
in submission.

Julie made a soft choking sound as Celina looked up at her, blue eyes silently
pleading. She had no idea how to respond; it was already hard enough for her to
be Mistress to Kate, without Celina complicating things.

Julies' face hardened, and she looked firmly at the blonde kneeling before her.
In a tone that made Kate shiver, she spoke.

"What do you think you're doing?"

Kate realised that the person standing in front of her was no longer the Julie
who had bought lollypops with her all those weeks ago.

She was Mistress Julie now, and Kate liked it.

--

Gigantic thanks to that wonderful lady, slavelucy

--




Chapter 19 - Double Trouble



Her long blonde hair hanging down over her face, Celina knelt silently before
Julie, her head lowered as she seemingly ignored the young Dominant's question.
With her mouth filled by a red rubber ball-gag, her hands clasped behind her
back and legs spread wide to display the plain white panties she wore, she was
the image of submission.

The black suit that looked like it had been poured onto her naked body seemed to
enhance rather than hide her beauty, causing the light to shine off the smooth
curves of her considerable breasts and the slight imperfection of her belly
button. Her arms and legs, uncovered by the suit, glistened with a faint sheen
of nervous sweat.

To Celina's left knelt Kate, in a similar posture with legs apart and hands held
behind her back. The bare steel cuffs restraining her dug into the thin flesh of
each wrist, preventing her from reaching up and removing the black ball-gag
making her jaw ache.

Unlike Celina, she had no suit to cover her, and apart from the pair of tight,
pink panties around her pelvis she was totally naked. But despite that, Kate sat
straight and tall, proud of her nudity and refusing to show her nervousness.

Without Moira's drugs, her breasts had stopped producing milk after a week, but
they had not yet shrunk back to their original modest size, and her areolae
remained large and dark. Her nipples stood out proudly, hard with arousal and
the cool of the air, but her expression was anything but one of lust. She had
turned slightly towards Celina and was staring incredulously at her, shocked by
the girls' unexpected approach.

Julie towered over them both, trying her best to look firm as she stared at
Celina. Wearing nothing but a black lace bra and matching panties that were
trying to be a g-string with their skimpiness, she still managed to look
intimidating with her short black hair, violet eyes and hands planted on her
hips.

"Well?" she prompted impatiently, looking like she expected Celina to reply
around her gag. "Look up at me!"

Reluctantly the blonde raised her head, but she kept her gaze low, as if afraid
of making eye contact. Julie grimaced, and crouching down, she removed Celina's
gag.

"Thank you, Mist..."

"I'm not your Mistress," Julie cut her off.

"But I am yours; everything I have," Celina replied, staring at the carpet
between them and spreading her legs slightly wider.

"Celina," Julie said softly, smiling. "Is this because I freed you?"

Celina nodded hesitantly.

"Then why do you want to be mine? You don't owe me anything; we got out of there
together." Julie smiled at her as she made eye contact.

"I... I wanted to be free so badly," Celina admitted, looking away again. "But
now that I am, I have no idea how to... be free. I don't know what to do,
everything is so different. I don't want to go back, but... I don't want to be
free anymore."

"Oh, Celina, stop that!" Julies' face filled with pity, and she moved forward to
hug her. "Being free is great, isn't it Kate?" Julie gave her a firm look over
Celina's shoulder, and after a moment she mumbled agreement around her gag.
"You'll get used to it, don't worry."

"Do... do you think so?" Celina sniffed emotionally.

"Of course I do!" Julie pulled back, smiling reassuringly.

"Are you going to send me away now?"

"Well... if it makes you feel better, I suppose you can stay. Quiet!" Julie cut
her off as she started to speak. "I didn't say you could talk. Now, open up."

Back to being Mistress Julie, she pushed the gag into Celina's smiling mouth
again and buckled it tightly, the straps biting into her cheeks.

"Much better," Julie said in approval. Standing up, she studied the two nervous
girls. "That's enough delaying. It's time to punish the both of you."

Celina's smile disappeared, and she lowered her head submissively, whilst Kate
merely frowned, wondering if she had heard right. Taking her time, Julie walked
to the wardrobe and from the back, retrieved a wooden 40cm ruler which had begun
its' life in Simeon's desk. Julie had found herself bent over that same desk
after making a particularly smart comment only a few weeks ago, her bare behind
being warmed by the ruler she now held in her hands.

"Mm-mph!" exclaimed Kate, seeing Julie and realizing she had really meant it.

"Quiet means you too," Julie growled, taping Kate's nose with the rulers tip.
She glared up at her in reply, not looking the slightest bit chastised.

"Now, I saw the way you two acted in the cafe today," Julie announced, pointing
at them with the ruler. "You were both disgraceful; you were messy and ate far
too much. Especially you, Kate..." Julie levelled the ruler at her in
accusation, trying her hardest not to laugh at Kate's shocked expression. "I
would have thought you were starving!"

"Mph!" she protested, her expression shifting from shock to one of indignant
anger. "Mm-m-mph!"

"Did I give you permission to make noise?" Julie asked sternly.

"M-mmph!" she continued, trying to point to Celina with her head, who they all
knew had eaten far more. "Mm-mph..." Julie swung with the ruler.

Slap.

Kate squealed more in shock than pain, nearly falling over into Celina as she
reflexively jumped. Her eyes were wide as she stared down at her chest, trying
to free her hands from cuffs so she could rub the red mark forming on one side
of her bare left breast.

"I said quiet." Julie watched as Kate raised her head to glare up at her, the
muscles in her face tight as she attempted to crush the ball-gag between her
teeth.

With a smile Julie swung the ruler, the thin wood stinging as it landed on
Kate's other breast. She yelped as the soft flesh absorbed the impact, creating
another red mark on her skin.

"Stop glaring at me," Julie warned her. Kate was still angry, but there was
something else in her eyes now. For the first time since stripping, she felt
vulnerable, helpless to stop Julie from doing whatever she wanted. She had to
trust that her Mistress knew what was best.

"Legs further apart," Julie commanded, and delivered a stinging hit to Kate's
inner thigh.

Kate whimpered and spread her legs wider, suddenly aware of how flimsy her
panties really were, and just how damp they had become. She was scared now;
scared of what Julie might do to her, and scared of how much she was enjoying it
so far.

Julie crouched down in front of her and smiled as she gently rubbed her sore
breasts.

"Good girl," she whispered, and kissed her on the forehead, sending shivers down
Kate's spine and straight to her sex. Her body knew her Mistress, and it yearned
for her touch, but it would have to wait as Julie stood up again and moved over
to the wardrobe.

With a second pair of cuffs and a hair tie in hand, Julie sat herself down
behind Celina. She did not resist as her arms were cuffed together, or as her
long hair was pulled back into a pony tail. Finished, Julie came around to stand
over her.

"Look at me," Julie commanded, lifting Celina's head with the ruler under her
chin. Reluctantly she made eye contact, looking nervously up at Julie.

"Good. Now, how much does this suit protect you?"

Celina barely had a chance to look confused before Julie slapped her right
breast with the ruler, her squeal of pain muffled by the gag. Without pausing,
Julie swung the ruler around to hit her opposite breast, bringing tears to her
eyes.

"M-mph!" she cried, throwing herself at Julie's feet and sobbing around the gag.

"Celina, you're not really in trouble!" Julie crouched down and lifted her back
into a sitting position, hugging her tightly. "I'm not angry at you!"

"Mph..."

"Don't talk," Julie said, gently pushing on the ball between Celina's lips. "You
wanted to be mine, and for the next hour, you are." She could see the fear in
Celina's eyes; feel how she wanted to pull away.

"You don't have to be afraid, you're safe here." Julie gently stroked her on the
cheek. "You just need to relax, and trust me. Do you trust me?"

Celina whimpered as she nodded.

"And do you think I'm really going to hurt you?"

Julie smiled when she shook her head.

"See, you'll be fine. Now let me dry those tears." Picking up Kates' nearby
shirt, she gently ran it over Celina's face, bringing a slight smile to the
girls' lips.

"And legs apart," Julie whispered in her ear, reaching down to cup her sex
through the thin cloth panties. "I want to see my new pussy." Celina began
blushing, and tried to wiggle away from the hand on her privates.

"Wider," Julie commanded, rubbing her hand up and down. When she was satisfied
with the distance between Celina's knees, she gave the girls' sex a pat and
stood up.

"Good, now to punish you two naughty little sluts." She smiled down at them and
hit her palm with the ruler, the resulting crack making them both jump.

Stepping between them, Julie reached down and with each hand took hold of the
chain joining their cuffs. Straightening, she lifted their arms up behind them,
the pressure on their shoulders forcing them to bend forward. Immediately both
girls began whimpering as they felt how helpless they were.

"Stand up," Julie told them sweetly, lifting higher.

"Ah, Ah, AH!" Kate and Celina both climbed to their feet, bent forward at the
waist and panty-covered behinds thrust up in the air to relieve the pain in
their shoulders. Breasts hanging free underneath them, the two frightened girls
strained to keep up on their tip-toes as Julie led them to the bed, any pause
causing more pain for their tortured arms.

"Kneel," she ordered, lowering them down so they were both bent over the side of
the bed on their knees.

"Good girls," Julie told them proudly, letting go so she could give them both an
affectionate pat on the head. "Now, stay still, or your punishment will be much
worse."

Watching them with one eye, Julie opened the bottom drawer of her wardrobe and
pulled out all of the brown, itchy rope she hated so much. Except this time it
wasn't going to be used on her, but the two girls squirming nervously on the
edge of the bed. She threw the pile of rope over to the bed, where it landed
across Kate and Celina's bare backs.

Collecting her small, silver vibrator and the only four individual leather cuffs
she had, Julie returned to the bedside, smiling at how her two girls were
nervously trying to shake the rope off.

"I said still," Julie reminded them, taking each slender leg and closing one of
the cuffs around it.

"Now, to keep you still..." Jumping up onto the bed between Celina and Kate and
hoping she had enough, Julie selected a length of rope and tugged it free.
Looking up, she located the hook Simeon had put in her ceiling just above the
bed and carefully hooked the middle of the rope over it. One end she tied to
Kates' cuffs and the other went under Celina's.

The girls resumed whimpering as Julie took up the slack and began pulling,
lifting both girls' arms up behind them. When it was taut, she tied it off
loosely and picked up the remaining rope.

"Since you are both so disobedient," Julie said as she tied one end of the rope
in her hands to the foot of the bed. "I need to make sure your legs stay out of
the way."

Feeding the end of the rope through the D-link on Kates' ankle cuff, Julie then
ran it up around the rope holding her arms up and down through the other cuff.
Pulling it tight forced Kate up onto her knees as her legs were pulled up and
out, leaving her unable to stand up and relieve her bound arms, or protect her
rear with them. The rope tightened further as Julie bound Celina with the same
piece, pulling until Kate felt her toes brush against her fellow prisoners'.

Tying off the rope to the other side of the bed, Julie stood back to watch as
they squirmed, trying to find a comfortable position in their bondage. Spreading
their knees relieved some of the tension in their legs but also meant their
behinds were lower, adding to the strain on their shoulders. And so they
wriggled, moaning pitifully around the gags filling their months and knowing
their torment had only just begun.

"Now there is just one thing left to do before I begin," Julie told the two
helpless teenagers, smiling as she picked up the ruler off the floor.

Placing her hand on Kates' buttocks, Julie began gently rubbing, letting her
fingers slide over the silky panties as they explored the curves of her friends'
rear. Kate moaned loudly, unsure whether to push back or pull away from her
touch.

Hooking her finger underneath the waistband of the panties, Julie pulled them
down to Kates' knees, exposing the smooth curve of her cheeks that flowed into a
tiny pink anus and hairless labia peeking out between her thighs.

"Good girl, you have been shaving," Julie said happily, much to Kates' dismay.
She gave the humiliated girls' sex a soft rub that sent fire through her loins,
before moving across to Celina.

The bound blonde whimpered fearfully as Julie began pulling down her panties,
despite not being truly naked. Julie took her time exploring with her fingers,
probing the black, silky folds between Celina's lips.

"You horny little sluts, you're both dripping wet back here," she chastised,
enjoying the twin moans of shame from the bed.

Celina squirmed in her restraints, unable to escape as Julie sank two fingers
into her slick hole and began to gently masturbate her. She was no stranger to
sexual pleasure, having been forced to orgasm countless times in the tubes, but
Julies' fingers were a completely different sensation, and one that filled her
with both shame and lust.

Her shoulders held flat against the bed, Kate stared sideways at her partner in
bondage, watching her screw up her face and wriggle whenever Julie found a
sensitive spot. Each time Celina tugged at the ropes binding them both, Kate
felt her own limbs protest, and she began to dread when their punishments really
began. She realised their shared bonds meant that when she struggled, she would
hurt Celina too, and it scared her because she knew she wouldn't be able to keep
still.

Getting a firm grip on the ruler, Julie brought it up close to Celina's
suit-covered behind. Withdrawing her fingers suddenly, she brought it down to
deliver a stinging blow across the girls' shapely buttocks. The unexpected pain
took her by surprise, making her yelp loudly.

Crack!

The second hit with the ruler started her struggling, arms and legs straining
futilely to protect her vulnerable rear.

Crack!

The blonde began squealing around her ball-gag as Julie smacked her again and
again with the ruler, the suit providing no protection from the merciless wood.
It hurt, but it was more humiliating than painful, knowing that she was helpless
and that Julie could do anything she wanted to her.

Crack! Crack!

Celina squeezed her eyes shut as Julie began hitting her on the backs of her
thighs, the bare skin clearly showing each red mark. The pain got worse with
each new stripe, until she was whimpering and trying her best not to cry out as
the hits began to overlap.

Crack! Crack!

Julie paused, the long seconds as Celina waited for more pain almost unbearable.
Instead of the ruler, she felt Julies' soft fingers on her sex again, gently
stroking the fire of her arousal. She moaned loudly and tried to push back,
yearning for more.

"Stop that," Julie growled, slapping Celina's buttocks with her bare hand and
causing her to yelp.

Celina blushed furiously and began to whimper in frustration, wishing Julie
would stop teasing her and make her cum. Her nudity and helplessness had already
gotten her horny, and the intimacy of her spanking had only added to it, the
glow of heat from her skin fuelling the heat in her loins and slowly driving her
wild.

Crack!

The sudden impact of the ruler against her rear made Celina scream in shock and
pain, the hard wood like fire on her already sore skin. She fought her
restraints with renewed vigour, panting heavily around her gag as she tried to
escape the touch of the ruler.

Beside her on the bed, Kate was whimpering quietly, unheard over Celina's
struggles. Her limbs were constantly being jerked at by the ropes binding both
girls, and the aches in her shoulders and legs made her almost eager for her own
spanking to begin, just so her slow torment would end. It made her sex tingle to
think that she was naked, tied up and unable to escape being punished. She had
received more than her share of spankings at the Orphanage, but the knowledge
that it was Julie holding the instrument of pain excited her, and she didn't
understand why.

Julie paused in her spanking of Celina, and moved in close between her two
captives, placing her hands on their behinds. Both girls looked up at her over
their gags, fear and lust in their eyes.

"Are you having fun, Celina?" she whispered, her fingers sliding down to tease
the slick entrance to the girls' sex. Despite how much Julies' touch hurt her
rear, Celina moaned loudly and pushed back at the hand.

"Do you know that your struggling hurts Kate as well?" The way Celina's eyes
widened told Julie that she hadn't realised.

Still with a firm grip on the ruler, she gave Kates' rear a swat, making her
yelp in fright and jump in her bonds. Celina began whimpering to Kate in apology
as she felt the rope pull at her arms and legs, pleading with her soft, blue
eyes for forgiveness.

"Don't apologise yet," Julie told her. Celina moaned in shame as Julie brought
her hand up and ran her wet fingers over the girls' lips, stretched tight by the
ball-gag. "You'll get your turn when I punish Kate."

Both girls moaned fearfully at this, and pulled experimentally at their bonds,
just to check that there really was no escape.

"And that isn't too far away," she added in her friends ear, and sank two
fingers into her dripping slit. Kate bucked and squealed as Julie wriggled them
around, her inability to do anything else making it even more arousing.

And just as quickly they were gone, and Celina was howling around her gag again
as Julie punished her with the ruler. The sore blonde thrashed just as strongly
as before, the torment this caused Kate forgotten.

Crack! Crack!

Without warning it was over, as with a loud humming, Julie buried her silver
vibrator to the hilt in Celina's vaginal passage and held it there with her
hand.

"Cum for me, my little slut," Julie cooed, her fingers pressed between Celina's
lips as she pulled up the girls panties to trap the vibrator inside. Celina went
dead still as the toy buzzed away inside her, stunned by the sensations the
vibrations caused.

Julie was starting to get worried by the girls' inaction, before she let out a
long, drawn out whine and squeezed her legs tightly together.

"Almost there," Julie whispered, rubbing Celina through her now soaked panties.
The blonde whined again, her eyes shut tight with concentration. She could feel
herself nearing orgasm, cheeks darkening with shame as she realised she was
going to cum on Julies' hand.

Its heat burst free within her like a bubble, quickly warming her whole body
with pleasure as her sex clamped down on the vibrating machine buried in it. She
was only partly aware of the loud moan escaping her lips and of Julie telling
her she was a good girl, being so focused on the feelings radiating from her
loins. The pain of her behind seemed to fade as the orgasm washed over her,
bringing momentary freedom from the discomfort of her bondage.

And then the warmth flowed away, leaving her happy and sore as Julie withdrew
the vibrator and turned it off. The young Dominant sat herself down on the bed
and gently stroked the back of Celina's neck, listening to her panting as she
recovered.

"Did you like that?" Julie asked with a smile, leaning in close as the exhausted
girl nodded tentatively. "Get comfy then," Julie told her. "You'll have to wait
until Kate has her turn before you go free." Celina moaned unhappily, her eyes
wide and pleading.

Julie climbed off the bed and strode purposely across to the wardrobe, her tall
female figure imposing in only her skimpy underwear. She picked up the black
strap-on dildo she had cleaned earlier and with a slightly devious smile, pulled
off her panties and strapped the artificial penis to her hips.

From her spot on the bed, Kate couldn't see her Mistress until she was standing
over her, ruler in hand.

"Are you ready?" Julie asked in a sultry tone, before kneeling down and sinking
the dildo into Kates' waiting sex.

The bound girl squealed in violation as the firm rubber slid into her passage,
impaling her on its' length. She knew it was pointless but she struggled anyway,
pulling wildly at the cuffs around her wrists and ankles in an attempt to escape
as Julie began to slowly stroke in and out of her body.

Crack! The sudden bite of the ruler across her cheeks made her cry out in shock.

"Lie still," Julie commanded, and let the ruler rest on Kates' back as a
reminder.

Kate moaned loudly around the gag, part fear of the ruler but mostly ecstasy as
Julie resumed slowly screwing the girl with the strap-on. She spread her legs
wider and pushed back to meet each stroke, barely aware of how sluttish she was
behaving now that she was getting the attention she craved from her Mistress.
She wanted to cum so badly that she had almost forgotten about the spanking
until the dildo slid out from between her legs and the ruler came crashing down
on her buttocks, leaving a thick red line.

Kate jumped like she had been shot, throwing herself against her bonds as she
howled at the top of her lungs. Having witnessed Kate being punished numerous
times before, Julie was not fazed by her friends' loud reaction, and began
laying down stroke after stroke of the ruler, rapidly turning Kates' naked
behind an angry red colour.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

From her position beside Kate, Celina could just see Julie, and her eyes
followed the bobbing of the dildo intently, watching it glisten with Kates'
liquids. She knew it had been used on Susan earlier, and she found herself
wondering what it would feel like inside her, to have someone else press their
hips against her and hold it deep inside.

Kates' constant squealing changed tone as Julie sheathed the dildo in her sex
again and started thrusting hard, making soft, wet noises that turned her face
as red as her behind. She was quickly approaching the orgasm she craved, but
Julie pulled back out before she could reach it, causing her to scream in
frustration.

Crack!

With a hit to her thighs the spanking resumed, the backs of her pale legs
turning a bright pink from the ruler. She could feel the air blow over her
slightly parted labia as the wooden tip came close, teasing her with the
pleasure she desired whilst bringing only pain. She wanted it to end, and she
wanted it to go on forever, as long as she got to cum.

"Get ready, my pet," Julie called out over the sound of Kates' voice. There was
a soft thud as the ruler hit the ground, and then she was burying the dildo in
Kate once more.

The naked brunette squealed in delight as she was roughly penetrated by her
Mistress, but it was short lived as the rubber phallus was withdrawn. She had
barely begun to voice her displeasure when the tip of the dildo touched her
tight, pink anus.

"MMM!" she cried in horror, helpless to resist as it slid painfully past her
defences and deep into her bowels. She closed her eyes and shuddered, the aching
fullness in her behind too shameful to endure.

But she had no choice, as the dildo began to move inside her, pulling out
part-way before Julie drove it home again with her hips, making Kate yelp.

"Just relax," Julie suggested, and reached down to stroke Kates' clit with her
fingers, gently rocking her hips back and forward.

Kate whimpered loudly, the pleasure and pain driving her crazy. The strap-on was
painfully large and penetrating, and each time Julie slid it into her, her sore
skin stung as their bodies touched. But despite how much she hurt, her sex
burned with arousal, and Julies' fingers were working her closer to the orgasm
she desired so much. She almost couldn't believe what was happening; never in
her wildest dreams had she thought Julie would be screwing her arse with a strap
on dildo.

Julie chose that moment to sink it deep into Kates' anal passage and at the same
time slid two fingers into her slit and began rubbing the thin wall separating
the orifices.

"That's it, cum like a good girl," Julie whispered when Kate went wild. She
could feel every last centimetre of the rubber cock in her rectum, feel every
minute movement of Julies' hips. Her buttocks screamed their pain from Julie
pushing against them, and she was pouring sweat, her short brown hair sticking
to her face.

The final touch was Julies' thumb grinding against her clit, and she came hard,
squealing around the gag still filling her mouth as her sex clamped down on the
fingers wriggling inside her.

She could feel Julie pushing down on her back to keep her still as she squirmed,
keeping her firmly impaled on the dildo. Her whole body flushed with heat as the
orgasm washed over her, the pain from her spanked rear feeding the pleasure
radiating from her loins.

After what seemed like forever, it was over, and Kate let out a sigh of
contentment as she relaxed in her bondage. Discomfort briefly crossed her
features as the strap-on slid from her behind, leaving her feeling empty inside.

"Don't go away," Julie commanded, to which she grunted, wondering how she could
possibly go anywhere bound as she was. It was only a few seconds before she felt
the well lubricated head of a butt-plug against her anus, and despite her whines
of protest, Julie inserted it to the base.

"You can wear that until you go to bed," Julie informed her, giving her behind a
pat and causing her to shriek in pain.

Leaving Kate to contemplate her anal intruder, Julie quickly unbound Celina and
helped her to sit up, waiting until she had stretched her tired limbs before
removing the gag.

"Ouch," she complained, stretching her jaw. "I'm so sore now!" Julie sat Celina
down on her lap and gently massaged her shoulders.

"But did you have fun?" Julie watched the blonde start blushing as she nodded.

"What... what is that thing in Kates'...?" she trailed off nervously.

"One of these," Julie said, and calmly handed Celina the second butt-plug.

She stared silently at the object in her palm for a minute, looking both
terrified and excited by it.

"Would you like me to put it in for you?" Julie asked in her ear. Celina
whimpered, rolling the soft pink rubber plug in her hand. Beside them, Kate
grunted loudly, looking to be let freed.

"Bend over if you want it." Julie let her hands slip from Celina's shoulders to
tug at her panties suggestively.

Shutting her eyes, Celina slid off Jules' lap and onto all fours, offering her
behind. Covering two fingers in lube from the open jar on the bed, Julie smeared
the plug with it and then with a quick yank she had Celina's panties down to her
knees and the tip positioned at her entrance.

"It's easier if you relax," Julie told her, smiling as she went as stiff as a
board.

"Relax?!" the quivering girl exclaimed, staring over her shudder like Julie had
gone crazy.

"It's not that bad!" the young Dominant laughed, and with a firm push inserted
the plug half way before Celina tried to pull away. Julie caught her around the
waist and pushed it in the rest of the way, only to let her go and giggle in
amusement as she half ran half crawled across the room to curl up in the corner.

"Oh... fuck," she stammered, touching the oval base of the plug clearly visible
between her cheeks. "It... it feels so big..." She stared at it, her eyes wide.

"You can take it out if you want," Julie reminded her. "Only Kate has to wear
hers." The still bound girl grunted unhappily at her name.

"I... I'll keep it," Celina managed, her knees almost giving out as she climbed
to her feet.

Julie smiled broadly, and went over to give her a hug.

"You're great," Julie whispered fondly, finding it hard to think they had only
known each other a few days.

"You are too, Mistress."

Julie pulled back and tried to frown despite her smile.

"...Julie," Celina corrected herself, blushing.

"Better! Come on, let's get dressed for dinner, I'm starving!"

"M-mmph!"

Celina followed Julies' lead, quickly putting her clothes back on. Once they
were dressed, Julie turned to the bed when Kate was struggling to get free.

"We'll be back soon!" Putting an arm around Celina, Julie ushered her to the
door.

"M-MMPH! MPH...!"

Kates' frantic squealing cut off as the door closed.

"Are you going to leave her in there?!" Celina looked shocked until Julie shook
her head.

"I'll just wait out here for a few minutes!" Julie grinned evilly. "She knows
dinner won't be for a while, she'll go crazy imagining a few hours like that."

"That's mean!" Celina exclaimed, but even she was smiling.

"I know," Julie giggled, and leant against the wall to wait.



--

Thanks to slavelucy for helping make this story what it is

--




Chapter 20 - Friend or Foe



Julie had never worked out how the maids did it, but the three hungry girls
found dinner waiting for them in the dining room, hot enough that it could only
have just been placed there.

"Julie!" Susan leapt from her seat next to Trig and ran over to embrace her
Mistress, sighing happily.

"It hasn't been that long since I saw you!" Julie laughed, hugging her back.
"Did you two have fun showering together?"

Susan made a shocked squeak and looked down at her feet as Julie let her go, her
face turning bright red. Trig watched as she hurried back to her seat, hiding a
smile behind a fork laden with meat.

"Hope you're hungry," he remarked as the remaining girls seated themselves,
noticing the way Kate and Celina winced as their behinds touched the cushions.

"Not this hungry!" Julie shook her head at the size of her dinner. "Simeon has
them fattening me up, I'll bet," she speculated, eyeing her plate with mock
suspicion. Trig chuckled, and returned to his own food.

Conversation was sparse whilst they ate, Celina impressing even Trig as she
quickly consumed everything in front of her.

"How did you eat all that?" Susan asked incredulously, finishing at the same
time only because she had started earlier.

"I haven't eaten food like this before," Celina told her. "It's all new, and
tastes so good, I just... eat everything!"

"Wow..." Susan stared in fascination, unable to imagine never eating all the
things she loved. "Do you like it here then?"

Celina looked a little uncomfortable with the question.

"Well... everything is so different and a little scary... but everyone has been
so nice to me, and..."

"Hide," Trig interrupted her, suddenly looking tense. "Quickly, get under the
table!"

"W...what..." Celina stammered, confused and frightened by his behaviour.

"Trust me; just do it!" he hissed urgently.

"Just go," Julie whispered, trying to project calm. Celina nodded obediently,
and slid off her seat to crawl under the table, hidden by the table cloth.

A moment later Damien strode into the room like he owned it and looked around,
disappointment briefly crossing his face as he realised he hadn't caught Simeon
at dinner.

"Where is he?" he demanded.

"My Master is busy, can I help you?" Trig spoke through his teeth, forcing his
expression into neutrality. He knew exactly what the darkly clothed Council
member had intended, since he had done it before.

"You can tell your Master that his new arrivals must leave... now." Damien
sounded almost pleased to say it.

"My Master has already granted them permission to stay for several days," Trig
informed him coolly.

"I don't care, they are a security threat, and I want them gone by tonight! Tell
him this is not optional, and failure will result in the rest of the Council
being notified. My men will remove them by force if necessary."

"What is so dangerous about them?" asked Julie across the table.

"This is none of your concern, little girl," Damien told her patronisingly.

"This coming from the little boy trying to rule the cubby house," Kate said
sweetly, uncaring of the consequences as she smiled at him.

"Would you like to play with the tea-set, Master?" Julie held out her glass to
him, her smile just as sweet.

"I will inform my Master of your wishes as soon as possible," Trig said
hurriedly, before the outraged Council member could start shouting.

"See that you do," Damien snapped after a long pause, and stormed out.

Celina returned warily to her seat when nobody spoke for almost a minute,
looking shaken by the whole thing. Julie and Kate were fighting not to laugh,
whilst Susan was staring at them in awe. Glass still in hand, Julie emptied it
in one shot and slammed it down on the table.

"That felt great!" she exclaimed, turning to Kate. "I'm so sick of his crap!"

"He's a dick, and I don't care what Council he is on," Kate replied, grinning
widely. "I don't remember much of the last few weeks, but I remember him!"

Trig chuckled and shook his head, wishing he could tell Damien what he thought
of him. He hated Simeon's instructions not to say anything provocative, and the
effort of restraining himself was killing him.

"So why did you hide Celina?" Julie asked, noting the blonde girls' confused
expression.

"Simeon and your father think we should keep Celina being here to ourselves,"
Trig explained. "So she can start a new life here in peace."

"And Damien isn't someone who is very peaceful," Julie growled.

"No," Trig agreed.

"Thank you so much," Celina said quietly, her eyes filling with tears. "You're
all so nice to me..."

Turning her chair slightly, Julie embraced Celina as she began to cry with
happiness.

"Hey, you don't need to cry!" Julie held her close as first Kate, and then Susan
came around to join the hug.

"I... I..." she attempted between sobs, before giving up trying to talk and
surrendering to her emotions.

She hadn't really believed it until now, but sitting with her new friends, she
realised that she really was free. She had the thing she had always wanted but
never imagined she would get, and it felt wonderful. Even the pain from her
behind felt good, because she knew that she had chosen it; that it had been her
decision to submit to Julie and hers alone.

"Is... is she alright? Is she hurt?" Trig looked baffled by the sudden tears,
wondering if it was normal or if he should be concerned.

"She's fine," Susan reassured him, looking up briefly to smile at him.

Sometimes he thought he understood Susan, but other than those brief moments,
girls were a constant source of confusion, and this time was no exception. He
shook his head and gave up trying to understand, turning his attention to the
maid who had just arrived in the doorway.

"Mistress Julie?" she said tentatively, standing with her hands held behind her
back.

Julie glanced up at her name, and peered at the maid, taking in her long, brown
hair and the skimpy black mesh top and skirt that seemed to be their uniform.

"Lilly?" she ventured, recognising her. Lilly blushed and nodded, squeezing her
legs together as she recalled the first time they met.

"I have a message for you," she said, stepping into the room. Her short skirt
shifted as she moved, giving tantalising glimpses of her panties, but she had
long since gotten used to showing them off.

She recalled her first few weeks at work, and despite the excellent pay, being
so close to resigning because of the almost indecent uniform. They hadn't told
her about Dominants, and she had initially been shocked when one of the Masters
had invited her back to his room. Shock had turned to confusion when he seemed
amused by her refusal, and after a lot of coaxing by the other maids, she had
agreed when he asked again later that night.

She had never forgotten him, or the touch of his tongue. She remembered lying in
her bonds begging for him to screw her, and then screaming when he politely
refused. She learned later that whilst the guests were not permitted to actually
have sex with the locals, they were free to do almost anything else, and many of
the other maids considered spending the night with a Dominant one of the best
parts of the job.

"A message," Julie began, frowning in confusion. "...for me? What message?"

Lilly glanced down at Celina, who was clinging to Julie like a child. "I shall
come back later; you're busy."

"I'm okay," Celina said, lifting her head to smile. Her eyes were red with
tears, but there was a reassuring happiness behind them, and Julie couldn't help
but smile back.

"What is it, Lilly?"

"Master Simeon has requested you visit him as soon as possible," Lilly told her.
Julie smiled and nodded, recalling their earlier date and wondering why he
wanted to remind her of it.

"You are supposed to wear this," she continued, and revealed the small, purple
ball of fabric she had been hiding behind her back. "And only this," she
finished.

Julie took the bundle from Lilly, her heart skipping a beat as she shook it to
unfold a tiny silk g-string.

"You're already late, too," the maid added as almost an afterthought, and began
grinning widely.

"Damn him," Julie breathed, feeling her cheeks heating. He had deliberately sent
Lilly to embarrass her, and it had worked.

"Better get changed here, Julie," Kate suggested, sounding amused. "There isn't
much time!"

"If you laugh, I'll make sure you can't sit down for a week," Julie threatened
as she stood up, clutching the g-string tightly in her hand.

A flicker of worry crossed Kate's face, before she started giggling helplessly.
Julie found it hard to act very dominant when everyone was trying not to laugh
at her discomfort. Trig was a statue for all the emotion he was showing, but
Susan wasn't as good at hiding her amusement, and Julie's glare was enough to
send her into fits of giggles. It was like payback for all the embarrassment
Julie had caused her.

With an annoyed grunt the young Dominant turned and stormed out the door, trying
unsuccessfully to hide her shame underneath anger. Her cheeks burning, she
started running in the direction of her room. There was no real point to
hurrying, because she knew he would punish her no matter how quickly she got
there. But it made her feel better.



Anna drifted in and out of consciousness, unable to tell the difference between
reality and what her confused mind was creating. The pain came in waves,
signalling the transition from one dream to another, and the only constant was
that she was helpless in all of them.

She was back in the tube, her naked body held firmly in the straps, only they
were hurting her now, growing tighter and tighter and...

She was being thrown onto a bed, and someone was standing over her, and her
limbs wouldn't obey as they bound her spread-eagle. She was screaming...

She was back in the room where Julian had taken her after releasing her from the
tube, bound to the cold steel table beneath her. Julian began mauling her
breasts in his hands, and she was crying out for him to stop. And then the
doctor came into view, a massive syringe in his hands. The needle sank into her
belly and she was screaming again, pain and fear overwhelming her as the plunger
was pushed in...

They continued for what seemed like forever, nightmare after nightmare
assaulting her mind. Gradually she realised she really was bound flat on her
back to a bed, thrashing feverishly and screaming hoarsely around the rubber bit
between her teeth. She felt like she had been kicked in the belly and had her
breasts pummelled before being rolled down a flight of stairs; she ached all
over and was horribly thirsty.

As her grip on consciousness strengthened, Anna found she could do little but
sob in agony, occasionally pulling at the cuffs binding her naked figure when
the urge to double over grew too hard to resist. Her eyes stung with the sweat
pouring off her, not that she could see anything in the utter darkness around
her. The sheets underneath felt like sand paper on her skin, and despite being
exposed she was glad that they were not covering her.

She jumped in shock as someone touched her face, but she was too tired to move
as the strap holding the bit between her teeth was loosened. The bit was gently
prized free and left to hang around her neck, the saliva on it long since dried
up.

"Drink," the person said, pushing something round and plastic between her
parched lips. Anna could only croak as cool, plain old water began to trickle
from its' tip.

She began coughing straight away, ending up with most of the water running down
her chin. But the person was patient, and kept trying until she had swallowed
the remainder.

The nozzle was withdrawn, and despite her weak complaints, the bit was replaced
in her mouth and buckled tight.

Alone once again, Anna slid into an exhausted sleep.



Clutching her pale-pink dressing gown tightly, Julie ran barefoot down the
hallway to Simeon's room. Despite how hard she tried to hold it there, the silky
covering threatened to drop from around her shoulders at any moment and reveal
just how little she wore underneath.

"Damn gown, behave," she muttered, holding the two sides together just below her
neck with one hand. The waist tie had already started to loosen, giving brief
flashes of her bare thighs as she moved. Just when she thought it was about to
slip off her, she reached Simeon's doorway. Nervously clutching the gown closed,
she opened the door with her free hand and stepped in.

The bedroom was comfortably warm, the soft light of the two bedside lamps giving
it a cosy feel. Julie sighed in relief when she saw that Simeon wasn't present,
and began looking for somewhere to hide the gown. Perhaps she could hide it
underneath the bed...

With enough force to shake the walls, the door slammed shut behind her, causing
her to nearly jump out of her skin with fright. In her shock she let go of the
gown which immediately began to slide off her shoulders, revealing her figure
from the valley of her cleavage where her necklace was nestled, down past the
marking over her bellybutton to the tiny violet triangle of her g-string. Her
hands shaking, she caught the treacherous garment before it could fall any
further and pulled it around her again.

"D...damn you Simeon," Julie cursed, trying to control her shaking. She knew it
was him who had closed the door, but she was too shaken and inexperienced with
her mental abilities to make sure of it.

Taking a deep breath, she hurried over to the bed and crouched down. Despite how
much she hated it and knowing she was disobeying his order, she froze, unwilling
to shed the dressing gown so soon. By taking it off she would be surrendering
her body to him, and after playing the Dominant all day it was hard to let go.

"I said only the g-string," Simeon whispered into her ear, startling her. His
arms were already looping around her body, taking hold of the gown as she tried
to stand and pull away. The front parted and she emerged like a pale pink
butterfly from the silken cocoon, red with shame and looking panicked as her
arms became entangled in the sleeves.

Simeon pulled the gown free and flung it away with one hand, the other pushing
Julie face first and squealing down onto the bed.

"You disobeyed me," he growled with mock anger, jumping up to straddle her bare
back as she tried to get up.

"W... what did I do?!" she cried, trying to sound like she didn't know what he
meant.

"Don't give me that!" he laughed, and slid his hands under her body to fondle
her breasts squashed against the sheets.

"Hey, stop it!" she protested vehemently, and began to clumsily hit him with her
fists. Twisting her head, she gave him her best attempt at a glare, her eyes
softening when she saw that he wasn't wearing a shirt.

"Stop glaring and lie still, and I'll stop," he promised.

Julie growled from the depths of her throat, and with a visible effort she
stopped hitting him and crossed her arms in front of her to rest her chin on. He
continued to play with her breasts for several long minutes, until she was just
about whimpering with shame.

"Good girl," he said approvingly, and gently ran his hand through her short,
black hair. Julie gritted her teeth, but she still felt a touch of happiness at
having pleased him. Climbing off, he stood back and watched as she sat up, arms
held protectively over her breasts.

"Are you ready to learn?" Simeon asked cheerfully, smiling at the look of
surprise on her face.

"What... we're doing that now?!" she exclaimed.

"Would you prefer we do it some other time?"

"Well... no..." Julie shifted uncomfortably and looked away. "But... I thought
we were going to... you know..." She glanced up briefly and began blushing as
she saw the lustful look in his eyes.

"Don't worry about that, my little Dominant-in-training," he said reassuringly,
and then with a wink added, "There are reasons why most parents find someone
outside the family to teach their child."

Julie's violet eyes widened as understanding dawned, and her blush deepened.

"You... you're not going to tie me up and cane me, are you?" she asked
hesitantly.

"No, no... they only do that in the military!" Simeon laughed. "We use a method
that's a little more fun." Sticking a hand into his pants pocket, he pulled out
a handful of what looked like black rubber knobs.

"Here," he said, throwing one which she was unable to catch with her hands still
protecting her breasts.

"Thanks," she muttered, having to bend forward and collect it off the carpet.

Blushing as she felt Simeon's gaze on her chest, Julie studied the rubbery thing
in her palm. It was slightly larger than her thumb, open at the base and hollow
like an oversized thimble. She tried squeezing it, but could barely deform the
hard rubber.

"What is it?" she asked, confused and a little nervous as her mind thought up
different uses for the little things.

"It's called a 'sucker'; not very creative, but very good at its job." Holding
one between his thumb and forefinger, Simeon crushed it flat across its' middle.

It only took Julie a moment to work out what it would be used for, and her eyes
narrowed at the sucker in her hand.

"You're going to stick them on me," she stated, wondering what it would feel
like stuck to her skin.

"Not me," he corrected. "You're going to stick them on yourself." And with that
he stepped forward and dropped the rest of the suckers in her lap.

"Me?!" she exclaimed, stiffening like he had dropped a handful of beetles on
her. "No way... I can't even squash them!"

"I can show you," Simeon replied, and jumped up onto the bed, sitting himself
down behind her with his legs either side of her. She smiled as he pulled her
close to his chest and kissed her on the cheek, breathing in the soft, flowery
scent of her hair.

"Now, lean back on me and relax," he whispered in her ear, sliding his hands
down her arms until he held her hands in his own.

"Okay," she said softly, a little nervous but at the same time wanting to know
what was next. She pressed back against him, enjoying the feeling of his warmth
so close and becoming increasingly aware of how horny she was getting from it.

"Good girl," he said, lifting her hands with his own and placing them on her
bare breasts again.

"What are you doing?" Julie asked uneasily as he began to gently massage them,
squeezing the soft flesh under their hands.

"Close your eyes, relax, and think of me," he whispered. "Want me... need me..."
Her eyes closed, she moaned softly as he began to rub her nipples. His commands
were strange, but she trusted him and tried her best.

"That's it. Now try not to hurt me too much, and..."

"Oh... f...!" Julie gasped, her eyes springing open and staring sightlessly at
the ceiling as Simeon seemed to flow into her. Physically he remained sitting
behind her with his arms holding her close, but to her it was like she had just
been an empty puppet, and he had just put his hand inside her and brought her to
life. It was the most amazing and terrifyingly intimate feeling she had ever
experienced.

"I know it's scary, but can you stop resisting?" Simeon asked, his voice showing
the strain. "This is really hard!"

"S... sorry," Julie stammered, but she couldn't bring herself to let him in all
the way.

"Trust me," he whispered lovingly. "You'll be fine."

Julie took a deep breath and nodded, smiling slightly as he gave her hands, and
breasts, an affectionate squeeze. It frightened her to do so, but she
concentrated on relaxing and letting him in.

The fear melted from her face, replaced by a look of ecstasy as she gave the
last of herself to him. Her eyes were wide and unfocused, and she moaned weakly.

"Good work," he told her, and she felt his approval.

"W... what is this?" she breathed, amazed by what she felt.

"This is how I will teach you," Simeon replied. "Now, are you ready?" Julie
nodded uncertainly, still feeling overwhelmed.

"Try to follow me," he told her, and hugged her tighter. She nodded again, and
closed her eyes.

She felt him start to withdraw himself from her, slowly flowing back into his
body, and she tried to copy the feeling.

"Come into me," he whispered patiently, gently guiding. "Push forward..."

Julie whimpered in confusion, not understanding what to do.

"You're almost there," he reassured her. "Almost..."

And then with an ease that surprised her, she was in him, feeling everything
from the beating of his heart to the arousal growing down low.

"Oh... wow," she breathed, nearly squirming with the sensations.

"Just get used to it for a minute, and then we'll start," he told her, smiling.

"That wasn't very hard," she whispered thoughtfully.

"Because I was helping you," Simeon pointed out. "For me, it was like breaking
in when all the lights are out!" Julie giggled.

"Why don't we do this more often?" she asked dreamily. Simeon shook his head.

"Because it's dangerous for too long, and it's addictive," he said seriously.

"Dangerous?" she repeated uneasily, turning her head to look at him.

"We're fine right now, don't worry," he told her. Julie mirrored his movements
as he picked up one of the suckers from her lap and held it in front of her
face.

"Now, watch me closely."

Pressed up against him, Julie could feel as he concentrated, strength flowing
into the muscles of his hand. She could feel the warm glow in them, and watched
as he proceeded to squeeze the rubber sucker until it was flat.

"Wow," she breathed, impressed by how easy he made it seem.

"Your muscles aren't meant to work this hard," Simeon explained slowly, relaxing
his grip. "And you damage them by overworking them. So you almost have to repair
the damage as you do it, as well as strengthen the muscle."

Julie nodded, trying to understand what he meant.

"Watch again." Julie shut her eyes to concentrate as he slowly repeated it for
her, squashing and releasing the sucker between his fingers.

"Okay," Julie said, and took the sucker from his fingers.

"Start off slow," he suggested, still holding her hands. She nodded, narrowing
her eyes at the black rubber she held.

She could remember how to call the now familiar warmth, but the rubber remained
defiant no matter how hard she squeezed. Simeon gave her a gentle kiss on the
cheek as he waited, causing her to blush slightly.

"Almost there," he told her, watching as she slowly worked out what to do. Her
fingers quivered, starting to compress the rubber before losing their strength
again. Each time she got closer, until she managed to hold it, almost completely
flat.

"Good, you did it!" Simeon hugged her tightly as she relaxed and began to smile
proudly.

"It hurts," she complained, shaking her fingers.

"You'll get better at it," he reassured her. "Now, I want you to do it again,
and then place it right here." He let go of one hand and ran a finger around her
left nipple, causing her to whimper nervously.

"Do I have to?" she asked, rolling the sucker between her fingers.

"You can do it," he encouraged, smiling over her shoulder.

Julie sighed, and taking a deep breath, started to squeeze the sucker again.



Anna had no idea how long she slept for, but she felt a little better when she
woke up. The rubber bit was gone from her mouth, and whilst she still wore the
padded cuffs around her ankles and wrists, they were no longer attached to
anything. Their soft and yet firm presence on her otherwise naked body reminded
her that it hadn't all been a dream; that she really was a prisoner here.

Lifting her head off the pillow, Anna took in the small, darkened room she was
in. It was long and thin, with barely enough space for the bed, and a single,
slightly ajar door at her feet. The once neatly pressed sheets covering the bed
underneath her were wrinkled and damp with sweat from her earlier feverish
struggles, the glow from the doorway turning them into a complex map of shadowy
hills and valleys.

The sound of someone talking outside the room made her conscious of how exposed
she was lying naked on top of the bed, but the effort of rolling over and
tugging at the sheets to cover herself made her feel terribly dizzy, and she was
forced to stop and lie back down.

Anna fought not to make a sound as tears slid down her cheeks, her head
throbbing with each beat of her heart. Her body shook as she cried in silence,
wishing that she could be back at home with her family. If what she had been
told was true, then she knew they would have given up on ever finding her long
ago, and it hurt even more to think that the whole time she hadn't even known
she'd been kidnapped.

Gradually she cried herself out, until she had no more tears left and simply lay
there in the dark listening to the muffled sound of her captor talking. Her
stomach growled hungrily, but she didn't have the energy to look for food, and
feared drawing attention to herself by calling out.

She looked up as the light went out behind the door, and she could hear someone
approaching. They moved swiftly in the darkness, coming up beside her and
placing something on the floor. She flinched as they touched her shoulder, and
despite her tiredness tried to pull away.

"Easy," Guy said soothingly, sliding one arm under her bare back and helping her
into a sitting position.

"My head," she groaned as the blood seemed to leave her skull in one big rush,
leaving her feeling light-headed.

"Just relax," he told her, propping up the pillow underneath her so she could
rest her head. She sensed him bending to pick up what he had placed there
earlier, and the clatter of metal on metal. "Now, open your mouth..."

"What... why?" Anna frowned in the darkness, fearing another gag.

"If you don't want it..." Guy trailed off, but the smell of food that reached
her nose made her mouth water.

"I can feed myself," she growled angrily, but it lacked her usual spirit. Her
arms felt like lead, and she doubted if she could even lift a spoon.

"Not in the dark you can't," he pointed out, sounding amused by her defiance in
spite of her obvious exhaustion.

"Then turn on ah..." Anna was cut off as Guy stuck the spoon full of soup in her
mouth. She was too weak to protest, and obediently swallowed the hot, strong
tasting liquid.

"You need to stay in the dark," Guy explained as he pulled the spoon back. "Your
eyes are fully dilated after the drugs; too much light will hurt them."

"How can you see?" she queried, slightly nervous at the talk of drugs. She felt
the spoon touch her lips, and grudgingly opened up, swallowing hungrily.

"We have better eyes than you do," he explained patiently. "Don't worry, yours
will recover."

The spoon touched Anna's lips again, and she opened them again.

"If you have to feed me," she began quietly after swallowing, sounding resigned
to this latest indignity. "Can you go faster? I'm hungry!"

--

Thanks to slavelucy, whos' help makes this story what it is

--




Chapter 21 - Teachers Pet



Her fingers aching, Julie held the rubber sucker to her nipple, the soft, pink
flesh unaware of what awaited it.

"Do it quickly, it's easier that way," Simeon suggested, sitting behind her with
one arm around her waist and the other holding her free hand.

"Okay," Julie said nervously, and then let go of the sucker.

She gasped as the black rubber instantly sprung back into its original shape,
the sudden vacuum forcibly drawing her nipple inside.

"OW!" she cried, staring at her breast in shock. "OW, OW, OW!" She squirmed,
fighting to keep her hands from tearing the nasty little piece of rubber off her
nipple. "It hurts!"

"Stop being a baby," Simeon laughed. "They're not that bad!"

"It's not your nipple being torn off," she replied testily as her breast
throbbed in pain.

"But I can feel it too," he reminded her, amused by her performance. "And it
doesn't hurt that much!"

Julie whimpered softly, trying to ignore the strange feeling she was sharing
with him. It almost felt like she was holding her own hand instead of Simeon's,
as if they were no longer two different people anymore. It both scared and
excited her that he felt the same thing from her, that everything from the pain
of her nipple to the damp feeling between her legs was visible to him. She
noticed that she was even breathing in time with him, her body changing rhythm
to match his.

"There's nothing like this feeling," Simeon whispered, following her thoughts.
"It's scary to lose your secrets, but it feels so good to join with someone
else."

"It does," she agreed, and rubbed her back sensually against him. "But I don't
like it, it doesn't feel... right."

"Me too," Simeon said quietly. "My teacher said that it feels like we were meant
to do it, and that she always wanted more, but it was never like that for me...
perhaps it's a hybrid thing."

"She...?" Julie repeated, sounding a little jealous.

"Nyssa," he admitted, looking slightly guilty.

"So that's how you know her," Julie said, looking over her shoulder to glare
accusingly.

"Don't worry, it's not like that," he said hastily. "She was my teacher and my
friend, nothing more!"

Julie sniffed, not looking convinced.

"Besides, she's changed a lot since then, after joining the Council and all."

"Really..." Julie narrowed her eyes at him, but she was just playing; their
shared feelings meant she knew he was telling the truth.

"How about you stop the jealous girlfriend act and put a sucker on the other
nipple," Simeon ordered with a grin.

"It's not an act!" she protested innocently, but hastened to pick up one of the
black rubber suckers from her lap.

It was only slightly easier for her to squash the second time, her muscles
protesting the stress she was putting on them. The feeling was uncomfortably
familiar, almost identical to the pain she had felt after nearly attacking
Celina.

"Concentrate on strengthening and healing the muscles or you'll hurt yourself
more," Simeon advised.

"I'm trying," Julie answered through gritted teeth as she brought the end of the
sucker up to her remaining bare nipple.

"Put it on," he ordered, seeing her hesitation.

She whimpered, and reluctantly let go, gasping again as her nipple was drawn up
inside. Her hands shook with the urge to protect the sensitive little nub, and
she scrunched her face into a painful grimace, but she managed not to cry out
this time.

"Good girl," Simeon said proudly, hugging her tightly to him. "You're doing
great so far, I'm so proud of you!"

Julie turned her head to meet his lips as he kissed her, smiling under his
praise even as she blinked back tears. The pain in her nipple had subsided to a
dull throbbing, but she doubted her lesson would be as simple as pulling off the
black knobs adorning her breasts.

"Thank you," she whispered as their lips parted.

"Don't thank me yet," he replied with a smile that made her uneasy. "Now I
really get to have fun!"

"W... what do you mean?"

With one arm around her waist, Simeon slid his other hand down between her
thighs.

"Legs apart, please," he said in her ear, enjoying her soft whimper as she moved
to obey. He could feel the tension rising in her, as she wondered what he would
make her do next.

"We're going to play a little game," he told her, picking up the suckers that
sat on the bed between her legs one by one. "How it works is that for every five
seconds you take removing them from your lovely breasts and healing them back to
normal, I will place one on your pussy."

"What if I don't want to play?" Julie asked. She started to grow anxious as she
imagined how much one on her sex would hurt.

"Then I'll tie you up and make you," Simeon said, tightening the arm he had
around her waist. "Only then you won't be able to use your hands, so we could be
playing for hours!"

"You're mean," she said with an insolent grin. "It sounds easy anyway, I'm good
at healing!"

"Is that so?" Simeon was amused by her overconfidence. "Are you ready, then?"

Taking a deep breath, she raised both hands to her breasts, already calling on
the familiar healing warmth inside her.

"Start counting," she commanded.

"One..."

Grabbing the two suckers with her fingers, Julie began pulling on them. At first
it was a gentle pull, as it hurt when she moved them, but when she realised this
wasn't going to work, she started to pull harder.

"Two... Three..."

"They're not coming off," she said angrily, but Simeon could hear the worry
starting to creep into her voice. He smiled inwardly, knowing that pulling them
off like that was nearly impossible, and she seemed to realise that and freeze
up, knowing she couldn't do it in the time left.

"Four..."

"Simeon!" she cried, trying to concentrate so she could squeeze the suckers and
reduce the suction holding them on.

"Five!" Simeon crushed one of the suckers between his fingers, placed it up
against the top of her left labia and let go.

Julie yelped, immediately closing her legs and turning red as she fought not to
scream out loud.

"One..."

"Oh... fu... fuck," she gasped, shuddering visibly as the hard rubber sucker
seemed to bite down and pull at her soft lip.

"Two..."

"Stop counting!" she begged, trying to regain her concentration.

"Three..."

"Damn you!" Going stiff with the effort, Julie squeezed the rubber knobs stuck
to her breasts as hard as she could.

"Four..."

"Ah! OW! FUCK!" The left one came free in her hand, releasing the angry red
flesh of her nipple and areolae. The previously small, pink organ had swollen to
almost twice its original size and was encircled by a dark red ring from the
base of the sucker, the skin inside distorted to form a lump where it had been
pulled up inside.

"Five!"

"N-AH, SHIT!" Tears sprung into Julies' eyes as Simeon added a sucker to her
right labia, directly opposite the first. She clenched her hand into a fist
around the black rubber as she waited for the pain to subside so she could think
again.

"One..."

She let out a pained sob and forced herself to focus, squeezing the other sucker
on her nipple and pulling it free.

"Two..."

"Stop fucking counting!" she screamed angrily, and flung the suckers in her hand
across the room.

"No, four!" he replied coolly, skipping one.

"Please, don't," Julie sobbed helplessly, her anger gone as fast as it had come.

"Five." Simeon had to hold on to her tightly as he added the third sucker to her
sex, his ears ringing as she screamed. Suction was such a cruel torture, because
he knew that unlike cuts or hits, it took a lot before her natural healing
reflex would activate and numb the pain for her. He didn't enjoy hurting her
like this, but it was perfect for teaching how to use her abilities under
stress.

"One..."

Sobbing freely, Julie shut her tear-filled eyes and concentrated on summoning
the warmth inside her. It grew easily, and she focused it on her throbbing
nipples.

"Two... Three..." Smiling proudly, Simeon watched as her two red and swollen
nipples returned to normal.

"Four. Nineteen seconds! Great work, Julie, you did so well!" He put his other
arm around her comfortingly as she cried in relief.

"However... there is still the issue of your language and that little tantrum
you had."

"Please... take them off," she whispered pitifully.

"I'll take them off once you go over and pick up the suckers you threw," he
promised, pointing firmly with finger outstretched.

"But..."

"Quick, before I decide to even things up down here!" He ran his fingers over
the three black suckers attached to her sex to illustrate. "Go, and do it on all
fours, now!"

Too upset to argue anymore, Julie left his arms and the comfort of the bed to
crawl on her hands and knees over to where the suckers had landed. Every
movement of her legs brushed against the ones on her labia, adding to her
torment.

"Now use that naughty mouth of yours to pick them up."

"Like hell I am!" she snapped, dignity overriding her emotions. Simeon packed up
laughing as she snatched the suckers up off the floor, climbed to her feet and
strode over to throw them in his lap.

"Ah, that's the Julie I know! Come on, the lesson is over, sit back down before
we lose our sense of each-other." Simeon patted the bed between his legs
invitingly.

Smiling slightly despite her anger, Julie sat down on the bed and laid her back
against him, sighing as her awareness of him returned to full strength.

"Just relax, I'm not going to hurt you again," Simeon assured her as he slid a
hand down to her sex. His fingers slipped in between her folds, gently stroking
her as the pain faded away.

"Mm, that feels nice," she said softly, feeling the warmth of his healing
radiate through her loins. One by one he removed the rubber suckers until it was
just his hand on her mound, the soft hairs tickling his damp palm.

"I'm sorry I made you cry," he apologised quietly. "It was to teach you to use
your abilities under stress."

"It's okay," she replied, smiling. "I thought it was something like that."

"We should stop it now," he said, the feeling of him leaving her body telling
her what he meant. She sighed and did the same, until she was herself once
again.

"You must promise not to try that with anyone else," Simeon told her seriously.

"I won't."

"It will only work with another Dominant, as well. If you do it for too long,
you can become... stuck together; your body forgets where it ends and the other
person begins. Understand?"

Julie nodded mutely, a little frightened by the intensity of his voice.

"I know you would never do something silly though," he said, his voice gentle
once again. Julie smiled and leant back against him, resting her head on his
shoulder as he ran his fingers slowly through her short, black hair.

"I'll be careful," she promised, quietly absorbing all she had learned in the
warmth of his embrace. She felt strangely vulnerable being naked with him still
wearing his pants, and she self-consciously moved her legs closer together,
trying to hide how open she was.

Her hope that he wouldn't notice was dispelled as he let his hands drift
downwards to rest with his fingertips brushing her pubic mound, gently circling.
She sighed softly, part lust and part shame as she parted her legs for him
again.

"Good girl," he whispered lovingly, smiling as her face turned bright red. He
slowly moved his fingers downwards, enjoying how her legs almost imperceptibly
moved further apart the lower he got.

"Come on, let's move," Simeon said suddenly, and much to Julies' dismay pulled
his hands back.

She squealed as he caught her under the arms, but instead of the expected
tickling he lifted her up off the bed and began dragging her giggling and
squirming towards the top of the bed.

"I can walk," she reminded him, poking his side playfully as he put her down.

Simeon lay out lazily on his back, and Julie quickly curled up in the crook of
his arm, resting her head on his chest.

"Much more comfortable," Simeon said thoughtfully, reaching down to stroke the
back of her neck.

He liked the way her breasts rubbed against his side as she breathed, and the
soft shadows created by her upturned buttocks. As if she could sense his gaze,
she wriggled her behind sensually, and then raised one leg up so it lay across
his own, like she was half mounting it.

"You look lovely," he breathed huskily, to which she purred playfully in reply.
He stayed still as she placed her hand on his chest and began tracing her way
down over his belly, circling the black symbol that marked him as a Dominant.

He closed his eyes as her touch moved closer to the waistband of his pants, his
erection already straining to break free of its confinement. The touch of her
tongue on his skin was unexpected, and she began to lick her way downwards,
crawling backwards as she followed the path her fingers had taken.

Reaching his pants, she loosened his belt and began to pull them down, revealing
the pair of red boxer shorts he wore underneath, his cock pushing at the soft
fabric. She ran her fingers teasingly over the clearly visible point and giggled
at how he tensed from her touch, before moving away to remove his pants

"You're such a tease," Simeon growled as she ran her hands up his legs, enjoying
the brush of his body hair against her skin.

"And you love it," Julie replied, and slid her hands up the legs of his shorts
to encircle his cock.

Simeon murmured as she began to gently stroke him, her touch ever so delicate.
He did love it, and he knew it was because she was so good at it. She was still
getting the hang of oral sex itself, but she seemed an expert at getting him,
and also herself, hot beforehand. It was the one time she got to lead in bed
with him, and she always made the most of it.

Almost reluctantly she let go of his cock, pulling her hands out of his shorts
so she could remove them. As his member sprung free, she paused to lean down and
run her tongue up his length, making him groan audibly.

"Get on with it, you little bitch," he whispered hungrily. Julie grinned up at
him and with a deliberate slowness continued pulling.

"Don't make me get out the ring gag again," he growled, and grinned back at her
as her cheeks warmed in memory of the last time she had teased him too much.

"Spoil sport," she said, pouting. Simeon feigned sitting up, and with a nervous
squeak she hurried to pull his boxers off completely.

"Much better," he said with a nod, and settled back down as Julie crawled up
over his slightly parted legs.

Simeon closed his eyes again as her hand encircled the base of his cock, and
with the other pulled it closer to her face. He felt her give the tip a
tentative lick, and then slowly make her way down the shaft, seemingly gaining
confidence as she went.

She took a moment to wet her lips, before sliding her tongue the whole way up
and taking the head into her mouth. Pulling back slowly like she was ending a
kiss, she licked her lips again.

"Thank you," she said softly, and Simeon opened his eyes to see her looking up
at him, blushing with her hands still wrapped around his cock.

"For what?" he asked, trying not to sound impatient.

"For teaching me," she replied. "You didn't have to."

"With a reward like this, why wouldn't I?!" He smiled as she blushed further,
but managed to keep eye contact.

"Would you like me to suck your cock, teacher?" Leaning forward slightly, she
closed her lips around the tip again and batted her eyes.

"I've been waiting five minutes for it," he growled. Julie bared her teeth,
showing how his cock was sitting between them.

"If I so much as feel those teeth, you'll get a spanking you'll never forget,"
he warned her, amused by the power play.

Julie hummed lustfully and looked like she was contemplating disobeying for a
moment. Then her teeth were hidden by her lips again, and she started gently
sucking the tip of his cock.

"Good girl," Simeon said quietly, sighing as she took a little more of him into
her mouth, her tongue swirling around the head.

He felt her hand tighten around the base of his cock a moment before she pushed
him to the back of her throat, muscles rippling as she swallowed quickly to try
and keep it there. He smiled to himself as she made a muffled choking sound and
hastily lifted her head off him. She never seemed to realise that it was much
easier if she took her time, and he had no intention of telling her because he
loved the noises she made trying.

She began to gently stroke him with her hand as her head bobbed up and down, her
eyes lidded as she concentrated. Again she tried to take him down her throat,
and he groaned over the sound of her gagging.

"Do that again," he breathed, resisting the urge to just push her head down with
his hand.

Julie moaned in reply, but instead of attempting another deep throating, she
bared her teeth and catching the head of his cock between them, pulled back
slowly, scraping them over the sensitive tip.

For a moment Simeon was too stunned to move.

"That's it," he shouted, sitting up sharply. Julie squealed in fright, letting
go of his cock and trying to back away.

"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to!" she cried as he grabbed her around the waist.

"You're in trouble now!" He was grinning as he threw her onto her back where he
had previously been, pinning her down underneath him before she could roll away.

"Ready?" he asked, pushing his knees between hers and spreading her legs.

"Yes!" she panted, realising what was happening as his cock pressed up against
her damp lips.

With one swift push he impaled her on his member, sinking deep into her loins.
Julie squirmed happily as he began thrusting hard, driving into her hard enough
that they both shook with the force.

"Don't stop," she gasped, straining against the hands holding her arms down
above her head and loving the helplessness she felt.

"Don't what?" Simeon looked down at her, pretending not to hear as he froze
mid-stroke.

With a squeal of playful frustration, Julie exploded into struggles, throwing
herself about wildly. And then with a demonstration of her newfound ability,
surged up off the bed and rolled them both over, ending up on top straddling his
hips. Before he could recover, she had his arms pinned and was grinning down at
him.

"What do you think you're doing?" Simeon asked, looking impressed by how quickly
she had picked up what he had taught her.

"Practicing," she announced smugly. "And how you're on the bottom, I can do
this!" She raised her hips up, and then slowly lowered herself back down on his
cock. "And you can't do anything about it!"

"Well, Miss Star Pupil, let me give you a quick lesson!" He smiled up at her in
a way that made her own grin slip. "All the strength in the world won't help
you..." He tensed up underneath her. "...if you don't have something to brace
against!"

Julie's eyes went wide and she squealed as he proceeded to lift her up into the
air and then roll back over so she was underneath again. This time there was no
hesitation as he thrust his cock into her sex again and began thrusting rapidly.

"D...Damn you," she gasped, once again helpless beneath him and so close to the
orgasm she wanted. "Harder!"

Simeon groaned as her muscles tightened around him, and he increased the force
of his strokes. She came hard and fast, her sex clamping down like a vice as she
moaned in pleasure. Feeling his own approaching quickly, he let go of her arms
and pushed down on her shoulders, thrusting deeper into her.

With only a seconds warning, he jammed his pelvis against her squirming body and
came, pumping himself up deep inside her. He shut his eyes and held her close as
the pleasure filled him, their sweaty bodies sliding against each other.

Julie took advantage of his momentary weakness to free her arms, and threw them
around him, pulling him down so she could kiss him. His lips parted for her, and
they spent the next minute just holding each other, kissing lazily as his
erection faded away inside her.

She remained quiet as he rolled off her into his back, moving only to return to
her spot in the crook of his arm, resting her head on his chest with eyes
closed.

"You okay?" he asked gently. She sighed in contentment and rubbed her head
against him, enjoying the afterglow.

"You're amazing, you really are," he said fondly.

"Thank you," she whispered, blushing. "But I'm not that amazing."

"Yeah, you are! You're the most amazing girl I've ever known, because you like
me!"

"Oh, I thought it was because I'm so pretty," Julie said, turning her head to
smile at him.

"Well, that too," he added, and fell silent.

"What is it?" she asked gently, concerned by the quiet sadness in his face. It
was a few seconds before he spoke.

"Well, I was just thinking how lucky I am to have you. There haven't been that
many girls who actually liked me."

"But... you're a Dominant," Julie said, confused.

"And there are drugs that can almost take away the dependence. I was always...
the sick guy with the funny skin; people stayed away."

"But you're great! Any girl who ignored you was stupid," Julie told him firmly,
and put an arm across his bare chest.

"They were always a little scared of me, as if being a hybrid was infectious.
But you're not." He reached up to take her hand and give it a squeeze.

"Because I'm like you," she said softly.

"Yeah, you are; the only other one in the world like me." Simeon lifted his head
from the pillow, violet eyes looking into violet eyes filled with tears. "And I
never want to lose you."

"Me either!" Julie wriggled up to kiss him. "Don't cry; I'm not going anywhere!"

"I was so scared when you got kidnapped, I didn't sleep all night. I didn't say
anything, not even when you came back... it seemed so silly... so weak. And
now... well, I thought if I teach you, you could protect yourself better... so I
wouldn't lose you again."

"It's okay to be scared," Julie told him lovingly, surprised by the sudden
emotion. It scared her a little that he might love her just because she was like
him, but during their shared time together earlier, she had felt some of what he
felt for her, and it was so much more than that. "I was pretty scared getting
kidnapped too!" He laughed through his tears.

"I feel so stupid, now."

"There's no need to feel stupid," she said, smiling at him. "And don't worry
about me; the next time I get grabbed, I'll come right home."

Simeon nodded, and put his arms around her, holding her close and simply
enjoying her presence. They lay in silence for several minutes, before Julie sat
up long enough to turn off the bedside lamp and pull the sheets up over them.

He kissed her in the dark when she lay back down beside him, and closed his
eyes.

--

A big thank you to slavelucy for her assistance

--




Chapter 22 - Treason



Anna hated the fact that she couldn't keep her eyes open for more than five
minutes without drifting off to sleep. Through most of the morning she drifted
in and out of her dreams, staying awake only long enough to eat more of the food
Guy put in front of her as her eyesight and strength returned. She rapidly grew
sick of sleeping, but first her exhaustion, and then Guy's insistence, kept her
flat on her back in bed.

"Damn it, I'm getting up," she called out to him suddenly, pushing herself up
onto her elbows.

"Stay there," he ordered from the room beyond, sounding distracted.

"No," Anna said under her breath, and with a groan of effort managed to sit up
in bed. "Oh, my," she gasped, holding her head and swaying as the world spun.
She barely noticed as the thin sheet covering her fell away to expose her
nudity, gentle curves and swollen breasts giving her a strangely beautiful look.

But she was determined not to give up, and with a visible effort pulled her legs
up to her chest, pausing again to lean forward on them and rest, breathing
heavily already. It was much harder than she had expected, and it scared her
that she was so weak in a place like this.

"I can do this," she told herself, her voice barely audible.

Placing her hands on the mattress, she turned herself to the edge of the bed and
slowly slid her legs out from underneath the sheet. Hanging them over the edge,
she gave her toes an experimental wriggle, smiling slightly at doing such a
simple thing. She glanced around the room, her eyes scanning the floor for
something to wear, but it wasn't really a surprise when she found nothing but
the cold, featureless steel.

"You think no clothes will keep me here?" she muttered, staring down at herself.
She was conscious now of the pull of her breasts, swollen as they were with the
milk her confused body was still slowly producing. They hung heavily from her
chest, areolae dark and large around her hard nipples, and she knew that there
was only one way they could return to their previous size again.

Silently hating her captors, she pulled the sheet from her lap and with a grunt
rose shakily to her feet. Her head immediately started pounding again, and she
was forced to lean on the side of the bed to keep her balance as the floor
seemed to tilt crazily. Despite herself she glanced nervously at the doorway,
hoping that Guy didn't choose this moment to come and check on her. Naked and
bent over the bed, her bare buttocks quivering as her knees threatened to give
way, she felt extremely vulnerable.

But her head soon settled down again, and Anna was able to stand unsteadily by
herself, bending back slightly to offset the foreign weight on her chest. She
could feel her strength returning slowly as she moved, and smiled to herself,
proud of her quick recovery.

Taking a deep breath, she bent down again and grabbing the edge of the plain
white sheet with both hands, pulled with all her meagre strength. It seemed
determined to stay on the bed, though, and she had to put all her weight into it
before it would come free from where it was tucked in against the wall. Throwing
it around her naked figure like a cloak, she made her way slowly to the door.

Cautiously she peeked out, taking in the hemispherical area that lay outside the
bedroom. The doorway she was standing in was off to the left side of the flat
wall, giving her a clear view of a space that could have easily fitted her house
if the ceiling had been higher. The curved wall was entirely made of glass, but
still unwilling to believe she was no-longer on Earth, the inky blackness beyond
made Anna suspect it was night.

She saw Guy standing at the front of the room, staring out into the darkness.
His shirt sat discarded on the desk directly behind him, and Anna was able to
make out the glint of steel around his lower body, from the base of his ribs
down to the waistband of his pants. She was tempted to move in closer to see
what it was, but then Julian moved, his jet black clothing making him nearly
invisible against the darkness of the windows. Her eyes narrowed with loathing,
and she unconsciously pulled the sheet tighter around her self.

"Why is he here?" she whispered, trying to calm the unease that was creeping
over her with the sound of her own voice. She took another look around the room,
but beyond the desk and a slightly sunken area in the middle of the room which
had seats set into it, there was no cover. Unless she revealed the fact that she
was up, she was trapped in the bedroom.

Taking a deep breath, she leaned out further into the room, looking along the
wall and noting the doors spaced along it. Stepping back to the relative cover
of the doorframe, she began planning her escape, trying to work out how fast she
could reach one of the doors before they noticed her. She would have to do
something about the dragging sheet first, and then hope that the door she chose
was a way out.

"Is there any word from the team?" Guy asked Julian, his voice carrying across
the room. Anna smiled to herself and gathering the sheet up around her waist,
stepped out into the room, hoping their conversation would provide enough of a
distraction for her to slip away.

"Last report, they were having difficulties with automated defences inside the
base," Julian replied. "They're several hours overdue now."

"Good. And what about fixing the generator?"

"Still no word on how long it'll take," Julian told him, sounding angry. "That
bitch's father took several important components, and our allies aren't being
cooperative with replacements."

"Respect your enemy, Julian," Guy said calmly. "They are an annoyance, but they
provide a useful distraction. The generator is a complication we will deal
with."

Her bare feet soundless against the floor, Anna crept along the wall to the
nearest doorway. Her hands shook with impending freedom as she reached for the
doorhandle and turned it slowly, trying to remain silent. Pulling the door open
slightly, she peeked in� and her heart sank as she saw the small kitchen that
lay beyond; a dead end.

Silently cursing, she closed the door again and headed for the next one along.
Guy and Julian were still talking quietly, and didn't appear to have noticed her
yet. She still had a chance�

"Get back to bed, Anna, I won't tell you again."

Anna froze half-way between the first and second doors, looking like a deer
caught in the headlights of an oncoming car. She quivered for several seconds
with indecision, and then made a run for it, her feet slapping against the steel
floor and her soft brown eyes wide with fear and fixed on what she hoped was the
way out.

It took Julian only a couple of seconds to cross the room and block her. Anna
screamed in fright, both at being caught, and the speed with which he had moved.
She tried to turn and run in the other direction, but he easily grabbed her by
the wrist and like she weighed no more than a doll lifted her up into the air
with one hand.

"OW! Put me DOWN!" she yelled at him, the sheet falling away to leave her naked
and squirming in mid-air.

"Stop struggling," he snapped at her. In reply, Anna landed a kick square in his
chest. He might have been made from stone for all the injury it caused, but his
face clouded over with anger, and lifting her up higher, began to smack her bare
arse with his hand.

"FUCK YOU!" she screamed, twisting and pounding at his arm with her free hand to
try and get loose.

Slap! Slap! Slap!

"LET ME GO, YOU SICK FUCK!" But no matter how hard she struggled, she couldn't
escape his iron grip, and her strength was quickly fading.

"Please� stop," she begged, on the verge of tears. The pain was nearly as bad as
the humiliation she felt as blow after blow was rained down on her defenceless
rear end.

"Please� help me!" Anna pleaded with Guy, who was leaning on the edge of his
desk, facing away from them. "Please� PLEASE!" she screamed, and burst into
tears.

"Julian," Guy said firmly. The grey eyed man ignored him, and began to hit her
harder, turning her thighs and buttocks bright red.

"Please� stop�" she sobbed, holding onto his hand with her free arm to try and
relieve the pain in her shoulder. "Please�"

"Julian, that's enough."

"Stop� oh� please�"

"Julian, stop it now," Guy ordered loudly, turning around to face them. Julian
paused, glaring at Anna as she hung limply from his grasp and cried. And then he
let her go, dropping her carelessly to the ground where she collapsed on top of
the sheet, quickly curling up into a ball with her hands held protectively over
her rear.

"Don't try to escape," Julian spat, and then bent down and tore the sheet out
from underneath her. Anna made a weak attempt to grab at it, but it was already
out of reach. Sobbing brokenly, she curled in on herself tighter, as if fearing
more abuse from the man standing over her.

"Leave her alone, Julian," Guy commanded, and turned away again.

"I enjoyed our little play together," Julian whispered, leaning over her so she
could hear. "I can't wait 'til next time!"

He straightened up and with a glare directed at Guy's back, walked off, taking
the sheet with him. Anna watched through her tears as he exited through the far
door, mentally noting it down as the exit for her escape. He had moved so
fast� nobody could move that fast�

"Are you okay?" Guy asked her from across the room.

"Are you okay?" He repeated the question when she said nothing.

"How do you think I feel?!" she screamed, and hugged her knees close, ignoring
the pain in her breasts caused by the pressure.

"I did not tell you to stay there for no reason," Guy said

"Does that make you feel good?" Anna raised her head to glare at his back,
blinking back her tears.

"I have my reasons," he told her wearily.

"Oh, there is a reason! That makes my butt feel so much better!" she said
sarcastically.

"Julian is dangerous. If I had stopped him straight away, he would hate you more
than he already does."

Anna sat up slowly, the cold steel floor taking some of the heat from her
buttocks and soothing the pain. Crossing her legs, she stared at him in silence,
burying her fears underneath the anger she felt looking at her captor.

"Fuck this," she spat, and stood up. Arms crossed defiantly underneath her
breasts, she strode towards the door.

"Don't try to escape again," Guy called out.

"Make me," she retorted. Naked or not, she refused to give up on freedom.

"There's no point," he told her, sounding amused.

"Why, are there a dozen guards outside?" She paused and turned to face him,
hands on her hips.

"No, there are no guards; but there is nowhere for you to go."

"What do you mean?" she asked slowly, a cold feeling settling on her heart.

"Come over and see," he said, gesturing for her to move closer.

Ignoring the fact that she was completely naked, Anna approached the desk where
Guy was standing. She was feeling a lot better now, and she was more than
confident she could avoid the old man if he tried anything.

"What am I supposed to see?" She halted at the corner of the desk and looked
into the darkness, her expression one of disinterest.

"Keep looking," Guy said, reaching behind for a small panel set into the desk.

Anna glanced up briefly as the lights dimmed, and then went out entirely. But
now she could see outside, see the murky brown that surrounded them, and the
stars shining through.

"What�?" Anna trailed off as she stepped closer to the windows. She felt a
strange terror rising up inside her, as the world she had known trembled under
the weight of what she saw. The stars were underneath her, but that was
impossible unless�

"I told you, and you didn't believe me," Guy reminded her quietly.

"No� You're tricking me," Anna breathed, shaking her head in denial. "It can't
be�"

"Your world does not have the technology to travel far from Earth. But you
aren't the only humans out there."

"I don't believe you," she whispered, her brown eyes following the stars as they
moved. They were turning slowly, and there was something blotting out the stars
to her left.

"It has no official name, so we just call it home," Guy explained, watching her
reactions as the curved blue crescent of the world came into view.

It would have been night below had the planet possessed an actual surface, but
the gas giant they were orbiting had only the ring of asteroids around it,
rubble of a moon long since destroyed. The area lit by the distant star revealed
a complex pattern of blues and whites, glittering in the light. It would have
been beautiful to Anna, if it didn't feel like the world had been pulled out
from under her feet.

"No�" she choked, placing her hands flat on the window and sinking to her knees.
"No, it� can't�"

And in that moment, she lost hope entirely. There would be no escaping; she
would never see her home again. She didn't even know where home was; which one
of the uncountable stars out there was the one she remembered shining down on
her. She was kneeling naked on the floor in a space station far away, and nobody
knew she was there.

"What do you want from me?" she whispered brokenly, staring at the planet below.

"I want you to go back and lie down," Guy replied evasively.

"Please� why?" Anna turned to look at him, her eyes glistening with tears.

"Go," he commanded loudly, his gaze on the floor at his feet.

Anna's face hardened in anger, and she straightened up.

"I'm not your slave," she spat. "You can't tell me what to do."

"Go," he repeated, pointing without looking up.

"Why are you doing this to me?!" she screamed, and then broke down sobbing.

"Fine," she choked when he did not reply. "If you won't talk to me�"

Standing up, Anna strode determinedly past him, and headed straight for the door
she had seen Julian use. She paused at her destination and glanced back over her
shoulder at him, almost hoping for a reaction of some kind. But he didn't move,
and with a dismissive sniff she hit the door control and walked out.



Placing his fresh cup of coffee on the table in his room, Seth sat himself down
in the wooden-backed chair and ran a hand wearily through his black hair. He was
troubled by what Julie had told him about her stay on the station, and yet it
all made sense. Their immediate concern would have been getting a canister of
her liquids for Guy, and then afterwards testing her resistance like they did to
Celina. If they hadn't underestimated her strength she would probably still be
there, but there was nothing he could pin his sense of unease on.

Picking up his coffee, he took a sip and shook his head, dismissing the feeling
for now. With one hand he dragged one of the folders off the stack in the middle
of the table and opened it to the first page.

He had stayed up late last night reading through them, learning the finer
details of Guy's experiments. The T-Series cloning and accelerated growing, the
harvesting machines, Celina� it was all there on paper.

"The J-Series," he read to himself. With another sip he sat up and continued to
read.

"Removal of genetic safeguards� improved resistance�" Quickly skimming over the
page, he muttered under his breath and began to look disinterested. Given the
utter failures they'd had in the other folders trying similar things, Seth
doubted he would find much of interest in the one before him.

He was about to place it on the pile of folders to read through later when one
of the words caught his eye. Blinking, he leant forward and read it closer.

"'Subject codename J-2, named Julian�' Julian�" His heart sank, and placing the
coffee cup down he quickly turned to the next page.



�Subject grew to an approximate age of 27, indicating success from an increased
dosage. Base template application was successful; however a failure in the
loyalty template similar to the C-Series (Subject C-6, 'Celina') indicates
further changes to brain structure. Tests show template application resulted in
episodes of total lapse of morals and possible delusions (Appendix 3), however
the Subject's mental abilities are not measurably impaired. Telekinetic strength
remains high�



"Oh shit�" Seth hurriedly turned back the page, paying more attention to the
words of the summary. "They did it� they finally did it�" His heart pounding, he
began flicking through the numerous pages in the folder, taking in the equations
and chemical formulae. They were radically different to the previous folders,
and yet the work looked familiar to him� familiar because he had written most of
it 18 years ago.

"They got my notes�" Feeling ill, he paused over one page, noting the changes
they had made. There were good reasons he hadn't made the same changes with
Julie, and the consequences terrified him.

"Guy, how could you�?" Closing the folder, he got up and nearly ran for the
door. There was something he had to check.



Guy hadn't lied to her; there were no guards outside. Anna was alone and naked
in the well lit hallway that curved off either side of her, the distant echoes
her only companions. Picking a direction at random, she headed down the hall,
arms held tightly underneath her swollen breasts to stop them from bouncing
painfully as she walked.

She sniffed intermittently as she walked, knowing how pointless her display of
rebellion was. Her eyes were red and puffy from crying, and the slumped shape of
her shoulders gave her a pitiful, hopeless appearance. She was scared and lonely
and had no idea where she was anymore; the corridors looked all the same to her.

She wanted to believe that it had been some sort of trick, to deny what she had
seen so she could have some hope of returning home. But she couldn't think about
anything but the blue planet, impossible for her to understand and yet always
there, a constant reminder of how far away from home, and from hope, she was.

Lost in her thoughts, Anna didn't see the body until she almost tripped over it.
She halted and immediately began to tremble, the blood draining from her face as
she noted the unnatural arrangement of limbs.

"Um� hello?" she called to the corpse. Fear turned her voice into a squeak, and
she began to back away, her breath coming in short, sharp bursts.

"A� are� y� you�" she stammered, and began to sob in terror.

"Dead?" finished a voice from behind her. "Yes."

Anna had no time to run as she was grabbed around the waist and then thrown
screaming up against the wall. The air was torn from her lungs, and her head
rang as it hit the hard steel, stunning her momentarily.

"Nobody will hear you," Julian said, sadistic satisfaction in his voice. "You're
all mine."

"Please� don't�" she choked, trying to breathe with the pressure he was placing
on her chest.

"Are you afraid?"

"I�" she gasped, weakly trying to grab him so she could push him back and get
some air. But he seemed elusive, and she couldn't even touch him�

"You are now," he breathed, his grey eyes glinting with a happiness born out of
insanity. Seeing the pure terror in Anna's face, he relaxed his hold so she
could speak, relishing the way she hung limply and coughed. He knew there wasn't
enough time for him to play with her like he wanted, but he was too impatient to
wait for another chance. And if he couldn't have her, then no-one would.

"What� what are you?" Her soft brown eyes, wide and filled with tears, focused
on him, begging silently for him to let her go.

And then Julian stepped forward out of the shadows, walking over slowly until he
was close enough to reach out and gently run the back of his hand up her cheek.

"I�" he began, pulling his hand back to lick her tears from his skin. "�I am the
last person you will ever see."

With what sounded like a series of wet gunshots, her legs bent horribly below
the knees, bones breaking like plywood under the brute force of his mind. Anna
convulsed once and then went limp, her eyes wide and vacant as she blacked out.



"Skip!" shouted Celina, throwing her yellow card down on the pile and grinning
excitedly.

"Evil," Kate muttered, and stuck her tongue out at the blonde sitting next to
her in the circle.

"Don't be a sore loser Kate," Julie teased, selecting a yellow card from her
hand and placing it on top.

"Yeah, Kate," Susan said with a grin, changing it to red with her own card.

"Just because I always win, you pick on me!" Kate waved her remaining card at
them.

"Draw two!" Celina exclaimed, and threw the red card down, almost quivering with
enthusiasm.

Muttering under her breath, Kate added two cards to her hand. Seated on the
floor in Celina's room, the girls had been playing for the last half-hour during
which Kate had won all but one game. Julie had suggested it as something fun to
do, and to help Celina feel more comfortable here, but she was keeping a close
eye on Kate at the same time.

She had been woken up around midnight by her awareness of Kate, and the fear
that filled her friends' emotions. Leaving Simeon still sleeping, she had gone
down and comforted her friend into the early hours of the morning. She had been
hoping that the worst of it was behind them, but sitting there with her hands
restraining Kate's to prevent her from sucking her thumb, she felt her anger
boiling.

The scars Moira had left went deep, and it was still a long way to recovery.

"So how did things with Simeon go?" asked Kate slyly, grinning at Julie over her
cards.

"Oh, fine�" the young Dominant said evasively, fighting to keep her face
neutral. Recovery might be months away, but she found it reassuring that there
was more of the old Kate emerging every day.

"It was just 'fine'? We heard you screaming down here!"

"You did?" Julie's face filled with panic, and she unconsciously moved her arms
in closer to protect her nipples.

"No," Kate said, revealing the lie. "But now you have to tell us!" The girls
giggled as Julie's face fell, realising she had been tricked.

"Evil," Julie muttered, repeating Kate's earlier comment as she put down her
card.

"Come on, tell! Help me out here!" Kate looked to Susan and Celina.

"Do we have to talk about it?" Susan asked quietly, already blushing.

"I want to know!" protested Kate. "And you won't tell me anything about Trig
either!" Kate leant forward across the circle towards Susan, grinning widely.
"So� is he big?"

"Find your own boyfriend," Susan snapped hotly, and hit Kate on the nose with
her hand of cards.

"OW!" cried Kate, her pride hurt more than her face.

"You deserved that," Julie laughed.

"Sorry," Susan whispered, embarrassed and blushing from her sudden outburst.
Selecting a card, she added it to the stack.

"Wild� red!" yelled Celina.

"You don't have to call out the card so loud," Kate pointed out, rolling her
eyes at Celina as she put down her own card.

"Sorry," the blonde girl muttered, looking chastised.

"You can call it out if you want," Julie added. "Kate is just teasing."

"Oh!" Grinning again, Celina turned to Kate and narrowed her eyes. "You're
evil!"

"Skip, Uno!" shouted Susan, looking excited to be so close to winning. Celina
whined in dismay as she lost her turn.

"Not you too!" groaned Kate. "I'll just have to do� this!"

"No!" cried the other three girls.

"She had one card!" added Celina, looking heart-broken.

"Ah, I win again! I am so great!" Smiling smugly, Kate lay back on the carpet
and stretched lazily. "It's so hard being me; I should get a medal or�" She
finished with a yelp as 108 Uno cards landed on her face, scattering everywhere.

"What� who?" she spluttered, sitting up and looking around in bewilderment.
Spotting Julie with a giant, guilty grin on her face, she began gathering the
cards spread around her.

"Throwing cards at me, I'll get you all!"

The feeling of heavy footsteps through the floor made her pause, and a second
later the door burst open and Seth hurried in.

"Dad, what are you�" Julie trailed off as he shut the door and turned to face
them, looking pale and haggard.

"What do you know about Julian?" he demanded, looking first at Julie before his
gaze settled on Celina.

"Why do you care about him?" asked Julie, confused. She turned to Celina and
faltered, seeing the pale, worried expression on her new friend's face.

"What's going on?" ventured Kate nervously.

"Celina?" said Susan gently, putting a shaky hand out to touch the girls' thigh.

"I� I'm okay," Celina whispered, and gave Susan a weak smile.

"Do you know anything?" Seth looked down at her, and Julie was about to protest
his abrupt behaviour before Celina responded.

"The folders don't lie," she told him grimly. "He is the monster you think he
is." At this, Seth's face fell as his fears were confirmed.

"Are there more like him?" he asked wearily. Celina shook her head in reply.

"But then why now? Why the suicide tactics? There's more than enough evidence in
our base to let his so called allies know he's been screwing them over� they're
going to be more than angry"

"They will kill everyone they can," Celina agreed sadly.

"Wait� 'kill everyone'?!" Standing up, Julie stepped in front of her father and
glared at him. "What are you talking about; who is killing who?"

"You can't let them hurt the girls trapped there!" Susan cried out. "They can't
do anything!"

"We'll try our best to help the girls escape," Seth reassured her. Tired of
being ignored and kept in the dark by him, Julie exploded.

"Hey, I asked you a fucking question!" she shouted.

The room fell silent, and for several long seconds nobody moved.

"Watch your mouth," Seth said slowly.

"Fine, ignore me." Violet eyes filling with tears, she stepped around him and
opening the door, ran out.

"Julie!" he called out, and leaving the other three shocked girls standing in
silence, hurried after her.

"Julie, come back!" he said, standing outside the door. "Don't walk away!"

"And why not?" she asked over her shoulder. "It's what you did."

Seth winced at the hurt in her voice.

"Because I'm your father," he replied carefully, taking a step towards her.

"You are not�" she screamed, turning around, "�my father!" And then she burst
into tears and ran off.



--

Thanks go out to slavelucy

--




Chapter 23 - Broken Heart



Consciousness returned suddenly to Anna, the overwhelming terror and agony still
fresh in her mind.

Her first instinct was to get away and hide, but after several seconds she
realised she was unable to move and her fear jumped to a new high. Her entire
body felt numb and the thought that he had left her paralysed was even more
dreadful than being dead.

Her paralysis was not complete though, and she found the simple sensation of
breathing reassuring, telling her that something still worked. But it felt
strange at the same time, almost automatic in its regularity, and a little
frightening that she had no control over it.

As the seconds turned into minutes, her terror that Julian could return at any
moment to finish her off faded, to be replaced by a cold fear of being trapped
in her paralysed body forever. Her eyes were closed and it was frightening not
to be able to open them, reducing her senses to her hearing and the glow through
her eyelids.

"Anna," said a familiar voice from close by. Relief flooded through her as she
realized Guy was there; she knew he was her captor but she felt safer with him
there to keep Julian away.

"I know you can hear me. Try not to worry; you'll be free in a few minutes."
Anna felt him brush his hand over her cheek, the touch surprisingly tender, like
he was touching a lover instead of his prisoner.

"The paralysis is just so you can't feel the pain, and it's only temporary until
I can heal you. It's� been a while since I tried to heal someone�"

If Anna hadn't been panicking as she imagined what Julian had done to her, she
would have heard the emotion with which he spoke. Sitting on a chair next to the
bed, he stared at her face with eyes lost in the past, seeing a different girl
lying on the bed with a blanket draped over her. He always remembered her from
that morning; her face and the enthusiasm in it for the day ahead. If only they
had known�

Guy shook his head, dispersing the dream and focusing on reality; Anna needed
him, and this was something he could do. It would be hard with his injury, but
it was his fault she was hurt and he was determined to heal her.

Standing up, he pulled back the sheet covering her, wincing at the bruises that
began just below her swollen breasts and grew worse the lower he looked. He had
managed to stop Julian before he had reached her pelvis but by then her legs
were already broken. Guy found it hard to look at them, their slender beauty
reduced to two pulverised masses of bruising. Julian had broken every bone like
a child would break a stick, snapping it piece by piece until there was nothing
big enough to break anymore.

Sitting himself down on the side of the bed, he felt his anger burn as he
stripped off his shirt and placed his hands on her left thigh. Julian's acts of
cruelty had to stop, and the only way to do it was to kill him. Guy no longer
cared how powerful a weapon the man was or how much effort had gone into
creating him; this time he had gone too far.

"I'm going to start now," he informed her, sounding more confident than he felt.
It was going to take a lot of strength and experience to heal her, and he didn't
have much of either.

Taking a deep breath, Guy focused inward and summoned the familiar warmth
within. Immediately the injury across his belly began to throb painfully, and it
was an effort for him to remain silent as he began to push his way into her leg.
His anger increased as he felt the full extent of her injuries, and he promised
himself that Julian would pay dearly.

"This will feel a little weird, so try not to worry."

If Anna had been able to move, she would have sat up and tried to stop him as
the flesh under his hands began to first crawl and then physically ripple. Any
doubts she had about the abilities of the Dominants vanished as with the most
uncomfortable feeling the shattered segments of her femur began to repair
themselves, bruised muscles working to push the larger parts together whilst the
smaller fragments were rapidly dissolved for their raw materials.

Anna cried inwardly as the movement showed her just how injured she was; she
could feel each individual piece now, and knew that unless Guy could do
something, she would never walk again.

But he was doing something, slowly reassembling her leg like a giant jigsaw
puzzle gone wrong. He would pause regularly to gather his strength, and she
could hear by his breathing that it was taking a lot of effort.

And it really was hard work for him. Healing her was nothing like healing
himself, because her body had to be pushed and pulled every step of the way; the
more work to be done, the more the flesh tried to ignore directions, making
healing more than minor injuries in a normal human exhausting for the Dominant.
It was much easier if the patient was owned by the Dominant and knew how to help
out, but Guy had to rely on willpower alone.

He was already weary by the time he lifted his hands from her now healed leg,
but with a determined look on his weathered face, he moved to her right one and
kept going. Helpless, Anna could only endure the feelings and wonder� why was he
being so kind, and driving himself to the edge of exhaustion to help her?

"I can do this," she heard him whisper, the strain audible in his voice.

Her frustration began to grow rapidly as the minutes added up, finding her
paralysis harder to bear than the sensation of her bones shifting. Unable to get
her questions answered, she lay in silence and waited.

It seemed like forever before Guy took his hands away and leant back to rest
against the wall behind him, shaking visibly. He seemed to have aged another ten
years, but he was smiling broadly as he gazed at Anna's bare legs, bruised but
whole again. Even as tired as he was, he felt more alive than he had felt in
years.

"Just give� me a minute� to recover," he panted, whilst Anna screamed silently
in frustration.

"It's going to hurt when I take the device off your neck," he warned her. "I
don't have the strength to heal the bruising."

Anna tensed mentally as he reached down underneath her head, his fingers
brushing something hard stuck to her skin.

''Ready?"

"No!" she cried out in her head, but he couldn't hear her. And like a freight
train, her body, bruised and abused, returned to her.

Her eyes opened and she made an injured whimper, remaining otherwise perfectly
still. Pain shot through her chest with each sharp intake of air, hurt as they
were from Julian's hold on her. The swollen mounds of her breasts still ached,
but it was the pain in her legs that took her breath away.

"Oh," she gasped, tears filling her eyes. She would not cry; she refused to cry.
"P� put it back on."

"No," he said wearily, closing his hand around the small mind control device.

"Please� it hurts!" She was trying her hardest not to sob, as even breathing
sent pain through her bruised ribs.

"It's too soon after taking it off," Guy told her sadly, distressed by her pain.
Already he could feel the bond between them growing, and his red eyes watched as
the black marking formed above her belly-button.

"Please!" she screamed, lifting her head to plead with her eyes. When he shook
his head she began to cry brokenly, tears streaming down her cheeks as the pain
grew too much for her to bear.

"Please� help me�"

"I�" he choked. He could sense her pain and fear growing with every moment, and
it brought back memories. They were so alike, that it was like seeing it happen
all over again� watching her die and being unable to help.

With a shudder he leant forward and then much to Anna's dismay gently lay
himself down so his chest was pressed against her own.

"I cannot help you any other way," he said firmly, silencing her protests. She
was so soft, he thought, but he resisted the temptation to touch the gentle
curves of her sex, despite how much his body desired it.

"Hurry up," Anna whispered pitifully. She could feel the pain fading, but having
him pressed against her aching breasts was almost too high a price.

Suddenly Guy went limp, his head dropping to rest on her shoulder. Anna forgot
her shame long enough to look worried, but he seemed to be merely sleeping.

"Hello?" she whispered, not knowing how to react. Why was he helping her so
much? She didn't understand; he was her captor, and yet he looked at her so
strangely� as if he was in love.

"If I wasn't so good at self-control, I'll have you squirming on my hand," he
whispered, eyes still closed. Anna started blushing, recalling what he said
about feeding on sex.

"Should I be glad you are?" she asked softly, and immediately kicked herself
mentally for it. She was supposed to hate him, and yet she found herself
wondering if he was okay, and wanting to help him.

"Don't worry, you're not going crazy," he reassured her, opening his eyes and
smiling. "It'll take some getting used to, though."

Anna raised her head and was about to protest that she didn't know what he
meant, when he rolled off to lie beside her, and she saw the marking on her
belly.

She stared at it for several seconds, and then with a heavy sigh her head
returned to the pillow. She didn't know what it meant, but she had a fair idea.

"I don't want to know," she muttered, too tired to worry.

Guy was asleep again, his body pressed against hers and an almost happy smile on
his face. Anna looked closely at him, interested that he seemed younger whilst
asleep and trying to guess his age. He still looked much older than she was, but
she thought he was in his early thirties now instead of old enough to be her
father.

Closing her eyes tiredly, she wondered how she had ended up here, high above
another world in bed with the man who kidnapped her. Still weak from the drugs
and the aching of her body, sleep came quickly.



"Sleep well?" asked Guy, watching as Anna's eyes fluttered open. Seeing him
lying so close to her, she wanted to be angry and say something smart in reply.

Instead she blushed and looked away, wishing she could disappear underneath the
sheet covering them both and not think about how she had just spent the last few
hours naked and curled up next to her captor. Her dreams of him were still fresh
in her mind, and her cheeks burned with shame as she remembered how the dream
her had reacted as his fingers explored her body� touching places that sent fire
up her spine.

"No pain anymore?" he asked, the concern in his voice adding to Anna's
confusion.

"No� no pain," she mumbled in reply.

"Your breasts still hurt though," he stated.

"Yeah, thanks to you," she told him, but she couldn't put any anger into the
words, and it made him smile to see distress flicker across her features.

"Your feelings will return to normal after a few days," he reassured her.

"Why are you doing this?" she asked in a defeated whisper.

"Doing what?" he returned after a moment, sounding guarded.

"Helping me� in the beginning you were so� cold, and now you're worried about
me. Why?" She lifted her gaze to his face, and looked into his eyes. "Who do you
see when you look at me?"

Immediately he sat up and went silent, his expression unreadable. She could tell
he hadn't expected she would notice, and it had really been a stab in the dark
for her, but now that she knew, she intended to pursue it.

"If I'm just a� a substitute for some ex-girlfriend," she said hotly, feeling
some of her anger returning. "�I should at least know who she is!"

"Helen," he whispered hollowly. "Her name was Helen."

Anna blinked, anger replaced by surprise that he had actually answered her.

"She was a normal, human girl like you, so full of life and love. She wanted to
see everything, to explore and get something named after her; it was her dream�"

He sounded happy to be talking, but there was an underlying tone that kept Anna
quiet� he only spoke in past-tense.

"She had a fiery temper, and yet was so gentle once you knew her� she used to
curl up next to me and tell me about the wonderful places we would find
together�"

"She sounds lovely," Anna said softly when he trailed off.

"She was," Guy replied, his expression becoming sad as he stared at the wall.

"What� what happened to her?" she asked hesitantly, pushing herself up on her
pillow so she could see him better. His red eyes closed, and he seemed so
struggle with himself.

"I've never told anyone that before," he whispered after a long pause.

"Can you tell me?" No matter how hard she tried to remind herself that he was
her captor, she couldn't help the sympathy she felt for him. She could feel his
pain like it was her own, but she knew nothing of the bond between them, and the
feelings confused her.

"We� were scouting out an unexplored system, about a day from home. We picked up
some� features on the surface of an otherwise dead planet; I thought we should
wait for the rest of our team, but Helen� she wanted to be the first to claim
it, and I couldn't deny her that dream."

"What did you find?" prompted Anna when he fell silent.

"Something we were not meant to find," he breathed.

Anna sat up a little straighter, expecting him to continue sharing his story.

"You can't stop there!" she protested indignantly when he said nothing. It was
obviously hard for him to tell her, but the way he said it just made her want to
scream for more.

"I'm not finished," he replied, sounding slightly annoyed.

"Sorry," she mumbled automatically, and then stiffened as she realised she had
just apologised to him. Guy smiled, but it was short lived, and his gaze quickly
returned to the wall.

"It was a building� a facility of some kind, mostly hidden underground. It was
only by chance that we picked it up."

Anna looked a little disappointed with this revelation, but she kept quiet as he
continued.

"It had been abandoned a long time ago and the exterior showed it, but we
managed to get inside without losing the atmosphere. We had no idea who made it,
what language everything was written in, or why they left it there, and it was
so exciting. There was so much to explore, so many things to look at�"

Guy paused and took a deep breath, his expression pained. Anna had visions of
his long-lost love dying in an accident or something she could imagine happening
in an abandoned base, but the reality was much more chilling.

"I was so stupid; I should have noticed the green lighting� nobody can live
under that. The architecture� the writing� it was all wrong, but because the air
was breathable we thought it was made by humans�" He shook his head sadly.

"We must have set off an alarm or something, because they came not long after.
There was only one� but it was more than enough. I� I've never felt fear like
that before� I couldn't move� and Helen� she wanted to know why� she couldn't
feel it."

He remembered it like it had happened only yesterday. He knew every last detail,
from their dusty footprints on the floor to the raw fear pounding through his
heart as it approached.

"It� ignored me, like I wasn't even there� and by the time she realised it
wasn't friendly, it was too late�" He paused again, trying to control the
shaking of his voice.

"It� left her on the ground, and watched� I was so scared, I� went to her. She
was hurting so much, and I couldn't help her� their attacks don't heal, and it
knew it� it wanted me to fail. I tried to fight it off but it was so fast� it
took her, and�"

Guy trailed off, unable to say it. She hadn't made a sound, but he had felt her
pain and his own injuries had paled into insignificance.

"I don't remember much after that," he said eventually, his voice steadier. "The
doctors said I would be dead within days, but I'm still fighting it. I can't
heal it� I can't even cut it out� but I can slow it spreading�" He raised his
hands from his lap to clutch his belly, the metal harness doing what it could to
help his slowly failing body.

Anna stared at him in silence, her mind blank. She didn't know what to think of
his story. Normally she would have laughed at the strangeness of it, and said
that he'd watched too many sci-fi movies and started to believe it. But his
emotions were too raw, and the pain she felt from him too real, that she
couldn't help believe him, and it scared her.

"How touching," Julian said sarcastically from the door way, his face twisted
with spite.

"Get out, Julian," Guy said in a dead flat tone, his eyes staring down at the
bed beneath him.

"No," Julian replied simply, and instead walked casually into the small room. "I
don't think I will."

"Julian�" Guy looked up, real anger in his voice.

"You did a nice job on the girl," Julian said conversationally, merely smiling
at the hate being focused on him. "It's a pity you're so� weak, now." Guy made a
choking sound as the force of Julian's twisted mind grabbed him around the
throat and began to lift, dragging him up the wall.

"She was mine, how dare you interrupt my fun," Julian raged at the top of his
voice, any trace of his earlier smile gone.

"I should�" He broke off with a gasp and doubled over as Anna's bare heel lodged
itself firmly between his legs.

"Fuck you," she spat, pulling her leg back under the cover of the sheet. "Leave
us alone!"

"I should have� killed you first," Julian hissed, straightening up slowly. His
grip on Guy loosened, causing him to fall back down onto the bed. "You little
bitch!" With one hand he lashed out and slapped her across the face.

"Leave her� alone," Guy gasped, hands held protectively around his throat. He
had never seen Julian like this before, and he began to worry that he would be
unable to kill him.

"J2!" Julian froze as Guy spoke, his hand raised to deliver another blow to
Anna. The young girl was fighting back tears as she stared at her attacker, the
hand-mark turning bright red on her cheek.

"Get out," Guy commanded.

Julian shuddered visibly, sweat breaking out across his forehead as insanity
struggled against the conditioning that compelled him to obey. It took only a
second, and then with a dull thud his fist impacted with Anna's breastbone,
knocking the breath from her.

"No," Julian said flatly, staring as Anna coughed painfully on the bed.

And then with a dull boom, the station shook.

"They're here," Julian breathed, and then looked up and grinned crazily. "Sounds
like you really pissed them off." When Guy didn't reply, he abruptly became
angry again.

"You're not going to get your revenge, old man," Julian snarled. "I would kill
you now, but it will be much more fun�" Leaning out over the bed, Julian punched
the medical harness around Guy's waist as hard as he could. "�letting it do it
for me."

The blood draining from his face, Guy looked down at the bent front of the
harness, pale blue liquid pouring from ruptured tubes to run wasted down onto
the bed. The harness had absorbed most of the impact, and its fragile contents
were now broken beyond repair.

"Watch your Master die," Julian hissed at Anna. "You'll join him when they get
here." Turning his back on them, he walked out.

"We have to move," Guy said quietly, trying to stop the leaking from the harness
with his hands. "They will kill everyone here."

"Why?" asked Anna, quivering visibly under the sheet now that Julian had left.
"Why are they here?"

"Because� I betrayed them," Guy told her, climbing off the bed and leaving a
trail of liquid behind him. "Move it� forget the sheet!"

Anna whimpered, but with a final tug the sheet came free and she was able to
slide off the bed with it covering her nudity. The open front gave flashes of
her bare legs as she stumbled after Guy, small patches of bruising still visible
on her pale skin.

By the time Anna caught up to him, Guy was bending over his desk and stabbing
urgently at the keys set into the top. She felt exhausted by the trip across the
room, but after her encounter with Julian she was just glad to be alive.

"Let's go," Guy said suddenly, abandoning the controls. Grabbing Anna by the
arm, he pulled her after him as he ran for the door. His urgency scared her, and
she could do little but hold the sheet and run.

"Where are we going?" she panted as he stopped in the corridor outside.

"You're going to get out of here," he told her, and started off down the
corridor to the left.

"Wait� what about you?!" she called after him, hurrying to keep up.

"I don't have much time left," he said grimly, and as if to illustrate the point
he stumbled as the feeling in one leg briefly disappeared.

"But� you can't�" Anna trailed off, realising she actually cared whether he
lived or died.

The station groaned again as another dull boom was heard below them.

"They're breaking in," Guy explained, halting before one of the doors. After a
second it slid open, revealing the plain, square lift beyond.

"Why are they here?" Anna asked again once they were inside. The doors slid
quietly shut and they began to move downwards.

"I had to get close to them," Guy said, sounding pained now. He leant up against
the wall and put a hand on his belly, and then his legs gave way and he slumped
to the ground.

"Are y� you�?" Anna stammered, crouching down in front of him and looking
worried.

"I'm fine," he lied. Anna could feel how much it was hurting him now, and she
knew he wasn't.

"I had to, to learn how to beat them," he continued, the numbness slowly
spreading upwards from his legs. "I traded with them� I� I gave people to them,
so they would trust me�"

Anna yelped as the lift came to an abrupt stop, and a second later they were
plunged into darkness. The door hissed part-way open and stopped, revealing that
they had stopped about a metre above the floor of the corridor beyond.

Guy winced as pain shot through his stomach. It was progressing quicker than he
had expected, and he knew he would not be able to take her any further.

"I did some terrible things�" he said sadly.

"This isn't the time for last minute confessions," Anna snapped, putting her arm
around him and trying to haul him to his feet.

"You need to go down two more floors," Guy told her, pushing her away from him.
"Find the room with the tanks in it, I freed the rest of the girls and they'll
need help. Some people will come for you, go with them."

"But�" Anna stared at him, unwilling to just leave him behind.

"Anna, go!" he ordered. "They will be here soon!"

He watched as she crawled over to the partly open doors and paused.

"Guy�" she whispered, turning to look back at him.

He smiled. It was the first time she had said his name.

"Go!"

Tears streaming down her face, Anna slipped through the door and without looking
back, she ran.



Laughing softly to himself, Guy watched her run into the twilight. The white
sheet she still carried shone briefly in the dim emergency lights shining down
from the roof, and then she was gone.

He wondered whether she would hate him, once the initial effects of the bond
between them faded. Perhaps the Resistance was right, he thought sadly. Perhaps
ensuring their survival was pointless if you lose your humanity in the process.

He believed everything he had done was for the best, and yet her rejection made
him feel terrible. All the people who had died because of him� the failed
experiments� all the people he had sent away, their fates unknown� Julies'
mother�.

He thought about Julie, remembering the face he had seen in the photo's Moira
had. She had merely been a way to get Seth involved, but he had never expected
him to succeed so well. She was a total unknown, and he hated not knowing
things.

He smiled in the darkness, the cold spreading through his chest. The liquids in
the harness had long since stopped leaking, and the infection was spreading
rapidly now, consuming him from the inside. There was no point wondering
anymore, but he still wished he could know more about the violet-eyed girl. How
strong was she? Was she able to resist them? Would her children be hybrids too?

He would never know. He hoped he was right, and the Resistance came in time. His
belly no longer hurt now, and he had lost feeling in his hands. He didn't want
to be alone. He wished Anna would come back, but there was nothing but silence
from beyond the doors.

He had known her for such a short period, and yet for the first time in so long,
he had been happy.

He was still smiling as the darkness took him one last time.



--

A big thank you and hugs go out to slavelucy for her editing skills

--




Chapter 24 - Letting Go



"Julie...?" Her voice full of concern, Susan stuck her head around the door and
peered into Julies' room. The lights were turned off, and the fading glow of the
sun from behind the closed curtains provided little illumination for her to see
by.

"Julie, are you okay?" When there was no reply, she pushed the door open further
and stepped in.

"Hey, Susan," Julie greeted from the bed, sounding flat. "Sorry about the game."

"Everyone is worried about you," Susan said gently, closing the door and trying
to navigate across the room through the twilight.

"I know. I'll be fine."

"You don't sound fine," Susan said, unconvinced as she sat down on the edge of
the bed. "Your Dad says... he's sorry he upset you." Julie sniffed in disbelief.

"He sounded like he meant it," Susan assured her quickly.

"Then why couldn't he tell me that himself?" Julie asked, anger creeping into
her voice.

"Because... he went back to the Station," Susan explained uneasily. "Most of his
friends went too... and they had guns."

"Typical, he's off being heroic instead of looking after his own daughter,"
Julie said bitterly.

Susan knew Julie was upset and being irrational, but the emotion with which she
spoke still shocked her, and she wished she knew how to comfort her friend.
Hesitant, she reached out and put one hand gently on Julies' shoulder.

"I'm sure... if there was time... he would have come," she managed slowly.

"He's only my father when it suits him," Julie muttered. "I've seen him a maybe
dozen times this month, and then... he just suddenly moves in here, and thinks
he can get away with telling me the... the least he possibly can!" She sat up
then, shaking with anger.

"His story about drugs and this Resistance, and how this Guy person thinks I'm
some sort of... super cure... its all crap. If I have to be from another planet,
my Dad should have a better excuse for leaving me than fighting some fucking
stomach bug! Why can't it be... evil crime lords, or space pirates, or... or
aliens, or..."

Her sudden rant running out of steam, Julie trailed off and hung her head sadly.

"Why couldn't I be normal?" she asked the floor, and flopped back down onto the
bed to stare up at the darkened ceiling.

"I'm sorry," Susan said sadly.

"No, I'm sorry. I... I know I'm being silly, but... I thought I would be happy
once I found my family." Julie sighed heavily.

"Things will get better," Susan told her, trying her hardest to sound
reassuring.

"I hope so," Julie replied, sounding depressed. Susan lay down behind Julie and
put her arms around her, giving her a warm hug.

"Thanks, Susan," Julie whispered after a minute of silence. "It was nice to talk
about... all this."

 Susan nodded, deciding silence was the best response.

"He's nice though, when he's around," Julie admitted softly. "He makes me laugh,
and he... always asks how I am."

"He's trying," Susan confirmed.

"Yeah... maybe..." Julie fell silent for a minute, her hands clasped tightly
with Susan's over her belly.

"He gave me a spaceship, though!" she exclaimed. Susan giggled.

"Maybe trying too hard," she said with mock suspicion.

"Normal people might get a car from their parents, if they're rich or
something... but a SHIP?!"

"You get all the cool stuff," Susan muttered, pretending to be jealous.

"Like all those kinky toys?" Julie teased.

"Or that weird necklace that makes me see things," Susan said with a giggle.

"Do you think I should say sorry?" Julie asked quietly. Susan didn't reply, not
knowing what to say.

"I was kinda mean to him," she admitted, sounding guilty.

"You said he wasn't your Dad," Susan reminded her quickly.

"I know that," Julie snapped back, and Susan giggled lightly. She could feel her
Mistress was happier now, and it reflected on her own emotions. It still took a
bit of getting used to, but she was starting to adjust to the complexities of
their shared feelings.

"Where is that necklace, anyway?" Susan asked suddenly, sitting up.

"Jabbing into my right breast," Julie muttered, and wriggled dramatically to try
and dislodge it.

"Can I... have a look at it?" Fumbling in the dark, Susan managed to turn on the
bedside lamp so they could see.

"Sure, but why?" Sitting up, Julie fished down her shirt for the necklace.

"Well... I've been wondering...about what happened last time."

"When you watched... us fighting?" Julie asked, thinking back to that horrible
night when she had nearly been killed by Shadow. She didn't remember much after
meeting him in the gardens with Trig, except that it had hurt an awful lot.

"Yeah, that." Susan flinched as Julie placed the necklace in her hand and let
the fine chain go.

"What, did you see something?"

"...No, nothing," Susan replied, sounding a little disappointed. "Perhaps it
only... AH!" With a shout Susan jumped and threw the necklace back at Julie as
if all of a sudden it had become hot.

"What happened?!" exclaimed Julie, wary of picking up the necklace from where it
had landed in her lap. Susan sat quivering for a moment, and then started to
laugh nervously as the slight ache in her head faded.

"Um... it still works!"

"What did you see?!" Feeling a little jealous that Susan could make it work when
it was nothing more than jewellery around her own neck, Julie leant forward
expectantly, dying to know what happened.

"Um... well you were kinda glowing," Susan told her, trying to relax after the
shock. "Like... the lights in the garden when it's foggy."

"Glowing?" Julie frowned at this. "What colour?"

"I dunno!" Susan giggled nervously. "A Julie colour? It was really quick!"

"Well... try it again!" Julie picked up the necklace and swung it at the younger
girl who squealed and batted it away.

"No! It's weird!" she exclaimed.

"Hey, I'm stuck with my head and its weird powers," Julie reminded her. "At
least you can take the necklace off!"

"So?!" she protested, but quickly wilted under Julies' steady frown.

"Fine, I'll try again," she said, pretending to sulk as she took the necklace
from Julie. Trying to distract herself from what was about to happen, she
studied the object sitting in her palm.

"Wow, this thing is really naughty," she exclaimed, blushing as she looked at
the two small golden figures clasping the top of the violet gem between their
legs. "Are they your par...?"

"DON'T ask me that!" Julie cut her off quickly, and then covered her eyes and
groaned. "I don't want to know!"

Susan giggled nervously, and clutching the necklace in her hand, looked up.

"Well, it's working again," she informed Julie, closing her eyes and turning her
head slowly from side to side as she looked around.

"Am I glowing again?"

"Yep, the same Julie colour as before," Susan replied.

"How about now, does it change?" asked Julie, summoning the warmth of her
healing. Susan shook her head.

"Okay... how about now?" Glaring at the desk lamp, Julie concentrated on willing
it to move.

"Maybe a little brighter," Susan told her, opening her eyes. "What are you
doing?"

"Trying to throw that stupid lamp across the room," Julie said with a slightly
disappointed smile. "It doesn't want to go, though, just like the soap and the
hairbrush and everything else I've tried to move!"

"How about you pick them up like everyone else!" Susan grinned.

"That's what Simeon said, so I grabbed the soap and threw it at him in the
bath!" Julie giggled as Susan started to blush again.

"You're so cute," Julie told her, and was about to lie back down lazily on the
bed when something tickled the back of her mind. Both she and Susan turned to
look at the same time, and a split second later the air snapped open directly in
front of her wardrobe.

Her eyes widening in shock, Julie immediately shuffled over to sit protectively
in front of Susan, her violet eyes locked on the silver-rimmed doorway. The
sound of peoples voices could be heard on the other side, and just as Julie was
about to move closer to investigate, a girl stepped through onto the carpet.

The shiny black outfit that seemed poured onto the slender body of their
unexpected visitor brought back chilling memories for Susan, and she felt her
heart skip a beat when she looked at the blank expression on the girls' face.
The moment of terror as she wondered whether they had come to reclaim her was
debilitating until she remembered where Seth had said he was going. Her heart
leapt for joy as another shiny-black-clothed girl walked through the portal,
lining up behind her companion with her back to the bedroom wall.

"He did it!" Susan cried, and almost leapt off the bed in her excitement as a
steady line of girls began to enter through the silver doorway into Julies'
bedroom.

Following closely behind her friend, Julie approached the portal and gaped in
horror at what seemed like a hundred girls standing in the wide corridor visible
on the other side, silently following the orders of the Resistance members
watching over them. She had never imagined that there were so many girls being
held captive there, and for a moment she was too stunned to think.

It soon registered that the men were carrying strange silver guns like Susan had
said, and Julie began to feel uneasy. She caught Susan by the shoulder and
pulled her close, trying to work out why things felt so wrong. Then she noticed
the expressions on the faces of each one of the Resistance, the solid
determination trying to cover the abject fear that was in their red and violet
eyes. They were all Dominants, and they were all extremely scared of something.

"Seth?" called Julie loudly, putting an arm around Susan.

"What's the matter?" Susan could feel Julies' nervousness and pressed back
against her, her touch reassuring.

"I don't know," Julie whispered in reply.

"You two, go through and make room," she heard her father's voice call out. Two
of the Resistance members left the group guarding the girls and stepped through
the portal, the fear they had been radiating easing as their feet touched the
soft carpet.

"Best if you get out of the way," one of them advised, giving Julie and Susan an
attempt at a smile.

"Thanks," Julie replied weakly, but she didn't move from her spot. Instead she
watched as they opened the bedroom door and began to usher the growing pack of
mind-controlled girls out into the hallway. Despite the gentleness in their
commands, Julie could hear the tension that still filled them.

"Julie!" She turned to her father who was standing just beyond the portal,
carrying the same strange gun as everyone else and looking just as stressed.
"Stay there, don't come through," he commanded, pointing firmly at her feet.
Julie frowned at him.

"What's going on?" she demanded, squeezing Susan tightly.

"Julie, not now, please," he sighed, looking pained, and before she had a chance
to respond he had stepped out of view.

Susan immediately felt the anger and hurt that poured into her Mistresses'
feelings, and turned to look up at her.

"Julie..." she said soothingly, her heart sinking as the older girl pulled away
and headed straight for the portal.

"Julie, stop!" Susan's voice became more urgent when she realised Julie was
intending going to go through, but it was already too late.

"Wait," Julie commanded as the next girl made to cross the portal. Completely
obedient, she stopped and waited patiently as the young Dominant came through.

"Julie... c...come back!" cried Susan. Ignoring the frantic calls of her friend,
Julie looked around the shadowy corridor for her father.

There were black-suited girls standing everywhere, disturbingly ignorant of the
chaos around them as Resistance members ran past in all directions, shiny silver
guns held ready as they followed the orders coming through the arm-radios that
each one of them wore. The lights set into the ceiling were dark and silent, and
a heavy looking lamp had been set up to one side of the corridor, casting
shadows that shifted and jumped about crazily as people stepped in the way. Now
that she was through the portal, Julie could see that there were several other
circular doorways in the air clustered around the one she had just stepped
through, showing various parts of the house that she recognised.

"Damn it, talk to me!" she yelled over at her father, who was hurriedly giving
orders out to a group of three members. He turned sharply, and his jaw dropped.

"Julie, I said DON'T come through!" he cried, looking horrified. "What are you
doing?!"

"What are YOU doing?!" she shouted back. Seth ran a hand through his hair,
wondering if things could get any worse.

"Forget everything else, get the girls out of here NOW!" he ordered, turning to
two of his men who were carrying a case of something towards the open portals.
There was a moment of hesitation before they put the case down and hurried to
obey, leaving it and its fragile contents forgotten on the floor.

"Julie, please go back through the portal," he pleaded, hurrying over to his
daughter. "It's not safe here for you."

"And why not?" she demanded, standing tall before him. She could tell he was
terrified for her safety, but she didn't care at that point. Her growing
uneasiness was forgotten under the tide of her emotions; she was determined to
get some answers.

"Please, just go!" he begged, visibly holding himself back from physically
picking her up and throwing her through. "It's not the time for this. Right now
we have to get the girls out of here. Please, go back."

"But why, Dad... why won't you explain everything?" The fear in his voice
softened her anger somewhat, and she felt her eyes growing heavy with tears.

"Because there are some things people don't need to know," he said evasively,
looking desperate.

The number of girls standing around had thinned already, and with less people
blocking the light, the damage that had been done to the walls was much more
obvious. Julie looked away from Seth for a moment, her eye caught by the gouges
hewn into the steel floor only metres away from her.

"What happened here?" she asked in a whisper, her blood going cold. If she
didn't know better, she would have sworn she was looking at claw marks.

"Please, go," Seth nearly cried. The device around his forearm came to life
then, and Julie could hear someone yelling frantically through it over a high
pitched whine in the background. Every one of the Resistance members who wasn't
ushering the docile girls through the portal immediately lifted their weapon to
readiness, and as a group they broke into a run down the corridor.

"Dad..." The unease which had been lurking in the back of her mind jumped
dramatically, and she began backing up towards the portals as the sound of
people shouting echoed down the corridor.

"I have to close the portals, GO!" Seth shouted at her as the communication from
his forearm device went suddenly silent.

"I..." She wanted to turn, she wanted to run and get away from whatever it was
that was approaching them, but she was too scared. At the furthest end of the
corridor, where it curved away to the right, she could see the men of the
Resistance firing, the whine as their guns discharged merging into one painful
sound. She had never seen an energy weapon before, and to her it looked like
they were firing toy guns into the distance, with no recoil or visible effect on
the gun itself. But they were far from toys, and the damage to the walls around
her stood testament to the devastating power held within each one.

"Julie, come on!" Around them, the Resistance fighters were falling back, one by
one exiting through the portals to the safety of the other side.

"Julie... ignore it, we need to go NOW." Abandoning his passive approach, Seth
grabbed her by the arm and started to pull as first one, and then another of the
portals closed.

"I can feel it," she whispered, stumbling backwards as Seth dragged her away.

There were about a dozen of the defenders left, and Julie could see it now. It
was surprisingly tall, and she imagined it would move very quickly when it
wasn't fending off the shots fired by the men around her. She wanted to scream
and run, but she felt numbed by its presence. She could feel it like a weight on
her mind, and what scared her the most was that it seemed to recognise her. It
knew what she was, and it hated her.

She was barely aware that she had stopped moving, and that her father was almost
crying as he pulled on her arm. Her head was swimming, and with a detached
feeling realised she was no longer in control of her actions. Her terror had
taken over, just like that time back in the cafe bathroom. Only now it wasn't
scars on Celina's back that she was scared of, it was the creature that was
rapidly approaching where she was standing. It was big, it was alive, and Julie
had to get away from it.

Releasing her arm reluctantly, Seth began to back away slowly from Julie as the
air seemed to grow thick around her. He had already tried to pull her with all
his strength, but he knew that whilst she was holding herself there with her
abilities, there was no way he would be able to move her. Even though he doubted
he would live another minute on this side of the portals, he couldn't bear to
abandon Julie there. It was time to trust that she was as good as Guy had hoped.

"Get back!" he shouted, waving at the remaining Resistance members who had
already stopped firing at the creature. It was already clear that they didn't
have the firepower to even slow it down, and yet instead of killing them it was
standing about ten metres away, watching... studying them in the silence left by
the guns.

Julie moved then, raising her hands slowly up to her head. Her violet eyes,
which had been staring unblinkingly at the creature, closed slowly, and as she
tilted her face forward she started to scream. Agony poured through her skull
with a strength she had only ever felt once before, and had hoped she would
never experience again. The hate from the creature she had been feeling pressing
in around her turned to rage as she fell to her knees and cradled her head in
her hands. She took a sharp breath between screams, and the floor around her did
something that steel was not supposed to do; it rippled.

In a burst of motion the creature started towards them as around it the walls
screamed with the sound of metal bending. Julie's world was pain, and she could
think of nothing but stopping the thing that in less than a second would be upon
her.

And then with a detonation that shook the beleaguered Station, the entire
corridor collapsed in on itself.

--

Thanks to slavelucy for making me finally post these chapters!

--




Chapter 25 - Them



Anna froze as the emergency lights cut out, plunging the already gloomy corridor
into total darkness. Blinking blindly, she crouched down and waited, but after a
minute she realised they weren't coming back. The desperation that had been
lurking in the back of her mind threatened to overwhelm her then, and she took a
deep, shuddering breath to try and calm down.

Calm was hard to find, though. She had so far been unable to find a way down to
the next level, and she was terrified of returning to the lift where she had
left Guy. She didn't understand it, but she had felt when he had died, and it
had taken all of her strength not to curl up and cry. It had been the worst
thing she had ever felt, and all that had been holding her together was the hope
of escape.

Naked and cold with only the flimsy sheet to cover her, Anna shuffled over to a
doorway and put her back against the closed metal door, hugging her knees close
as she fought not to cry. Where was everybody? What had happened to them? Was
anyone left to find her?

As the minutes wore on she began to cry softly, her hopes of rescue fading as
the distant thuds of explosions tapered off into utter silence. She hated him,
but she could think of nothing else except that he was gone, and how much it
hurt her.

The sound of the floor groaning made her lift her head, and her eyes scanned the
darkness frantically as she tried to work out what was happening. The groan
filled the air again, and this time she felt it through the metal underneath her
bare feet. Clutching the sheet tightly around her body, Anna stood up and slowly
emerged from the cover of the doorway.

She couldn't see anything, but it felt good to at least be doing something.
Trying to remain as silent as possible, she crept slowly down the dark corridor,
one hand outstretched to feel for obstacles whilst the other held the sheet. She
was pretty sure the groan had come from this direction...

Without warning the whole corridor began to creak, the sound of stressed metal
filling Anna's ears as she dropped to her knees and looked around frantically.
The floor began to buckle underneath her feet, and as she began to scream the
air was filled with a deafening thump. A burst of wind blew her backwards as it
tore the sheet from her fingers, sending her sliding painfully along the metal
floor for several metres.

Her screams cut off as soon as the floor settled down, but she was still shaking
like a leaf as she felt around blindly for her only cover, the white sheet. She
almost sobbed in relief as her hand finally touched cloth, and hurriedly pulled
it around her, wincing as she moved the newly bruised muscles in her back. She
knew it was silly to be so happy about a boring old sheet, but at that point it
was all she had, and she found its softness comforting.

As the ringing in her head faded, Anna realised she could hear someone
screaming. Turning, she took in the gaping hole that now blocked the entire
corridor, and the glow of light that was coming from below. She trembled as she
imagined what would have happened if she had been standing there when it had
collapsed, but she was alive, and it sounded like someone was hurt.

Making her way over to the twisted edge of the floor, Anna crouched down and
peered at the bottom, but other than the torn shrapnel of the collapse she
couldn't see anything.

"H...Hello?" she called out, trying to control the shaking of her voice. "I...Is
someone there?"

The screaming continued unabated, pausing only for whoever it was to take
another sharp breath. Anna looked around, but she could see no safe way to get
down through the twisted metal to the floor below.

"A...Are you h...hurt?" she ventured loudly.

"Quiet," hissed a male voice from close by. Anna jumped in shock, and a moment
later she saw a stern looking face pop up to her right.

"W...who are you?" she stammered, pulling the sheet closer around her as the man
climbed up onto her level. He looked at her, and then slowly crawled forward to
give her a smile.

"I'm Paul, Miss," he said reassuringly, stopping to crouch in front of her.
"Want some help?"

Anna nearly burst into tears with happiness, and threw her arms around him.

"Thank you," she choked, trying her best not to cry as he held her tightly.

"Come on, we have to get down below," he told her after a few seconds, and
gently pushed her away.

"But... I can't climb..."

"Hop up on my back, and I'll carry you down," he suggested, an edge of urgency
in his voice. Anna looked uneasy, but she had little choice. Getting a good grip
on the sheet, she shuffled forward as he turned around and put her arms over his
shoulders.

"Lock your legs around my waist," he said as he stood up slightly. Beyond
blushing, Anna merely cringed and did as he ordered. Straightening up fully and
with Anna clinging to his back like a limpet, Paul made his way over to the edge
and started to climb down.

She was too terrified to do anything but hold on tightly as they made their way
down the wall to the level below. Miraculously the sheet didn't snag on anything
during their descent, and Paul was able to place her down on the floor with her
dignity mostly intact.

Her gaze fell first on the girl lying on her side on the floor, clutching her
head and sobbing brokenly. Her shadowy figure was curled up in a neat circle of
untouched metal, outside of which the floor was buckled like a gigantic fist had
repeatedly smashed against it.

"It hurts," she moaned weakly, and curled tighter in on herself.

"I know it does, but we have to keep moving," said the man who was crouching
beside her.

"I don't want to move," the girl replied weakly and moaned in pain.

"W...what happened?" Anna whispered, unable to comprehend what she was seeing.
She looked up at Paul, who shook his head.

"I don't know," he whispered back.

"You have to move, Julie," the man said, the sadness in his voice overlaying the
urgency. "They will come to investigate."

"Why didn't you tell me?" she whispered to him. "Why?"

"Would you have wanted to know?" he asked, reaching out to put his hand on her
head. She sobbed loudly, and eventually shook her head.

"Seth, we need to move," said one of the men who were guarding the area. Anna
looked at them for the first time, noting the guns they carried. She had to
squint slightly as one of the small torches built into the top of each one was
shone in her direction, illuminating the twisted metal behind her.

"I know that, give her another minute to recover," Seth replied firmly, turning
to face the man.

"We may not have another minute," the man replied. "We will move slower with the
girls, Sir."

"I'm aware of that," Seth snapped. "And we wouldn't be alive at all if it
weren't for her. Give her another minute."

"Who says I'll slow you down?" Anna asked hotly. "Just because I'm a..." She
halted as Paul placed a hand on her shoulder, and shut her mouth.

He seemed to radiate a calm that left her unable to move as he plucked the edges
of the sheet from her hands. She had a moment where she thought he was going to
tear it away and leave her standing naked, but instead he tied the two corners
together for her, turning it into a cape. As she stood there, he moved down her
front, his careful hands tying several knots in it down to just below her waist.

"What about my..." she began, and then with a ripping sound he tore a small hole
in the side with his bare hands for her left, and then right arm.

"There you go, Miss," he said quietly.

"T...thanks," she stammered, slipping her arms through and looking down in
surprise at her makeshift dress.

"Can you stand?" Seth asked quietly. Swallowing her sobs, Julie nodded slowly,
and took Seth's hand to help her up.

"Ah, that hurts," she moaned, swaying unsteadily and squinting in the light. "It
didn't hurt... like this last time!" She made a weak attempt at a laugh.

"You didn't bring down several tons of steel last time," Seth reminded her,
feeling reassured by her smile.

"I suppose," she mumbled.

"Do you want me to carry you?" he asked with a smile.

"No," she snapped, and let go of his hand to stand on her own. "I'll walk."

"Let's go then," Seth commanded, looking around at the remaining Resistance men.
"We need to get down two more levels to the portal room, power it up, and get
out of here before we're found."

"Sounds fun," someone commented, but there was no laughter in it.

"Come, Miss," Paul said quietly as the group began to move. Still a little
nervous about the sheet covering her, Anna held it tightly as she stumbled after
them, letting Paul and two others follow behind.

Julie could feel the tiredness creeping into her body as she struggled to keep
up, reminding her of how much it had cost her to bring the roof down on the
creature. She had no idea what it had been, but her father had been right; this
wasn't the right time to ask questions like that. It could wait until they were
safe again.

They reached the stairs down in only a minute, and were soon hurrying down to
the next level. Julie and Anna smiled uncertainly at each other as they reached
the bottom together, but Seth was urging them forward before they could speak.

"We've already helped them out," Seth informed Anna when she slowed as they
passed by the giant steel doors to the tank chamber. Anna nodded numbly, glad
that the girls trapped there were now free, but her memories of being in there
still frightened her.

They reached the next level without incident, and soon they were standing in
what Seth called the portal chamber. A neat rectangular shape, the far end was
dominated entirely by the complex machinery that generated the portals, with
several sections open and their innards exposed. Whilst Seth and two others who
Julie suspected were engineers worked on it, the rest of the Resistance took up
positions around the circular dais that filled most of the remaining space. A
solid looking ramp protruded out from it towards the door, whilst above sat a
giant winch for moving goods about. Anna was uneasy, as it looked like a total
dead-end, but everyone else seemed relieved to be there.

"What's going on?" Anna asked Julie quietly as they watched the gloomy corridor
outside. The chamber itself seemed to be one of the few areas with power, its'
lights and soon the portal machinery fed by a secondary generator, were still
functioning.

"They're trying to get that machine to work, I think," Julie whispered in reply,
glancing back at where Seth was. "So we can get back home."

"Don't you... have a ship or something?" Anna frowned in confusion. "How did you
get here?"

"Well... it's... complicated," Julie said eventually.

Anna didn't look satisfied with this, but Julie was thankful she didn't pursue
it because she had no idea how to explain it. How could she say that they'd come
through holes in the air, or that by bringing down the roof with her mind, she
had distorted the fabric of space enough to erase the nearby portals and destroy
the fine machinery that had been holding them open. She hadn't really understood
Seth's extremely sketchy explanation whilst they had been running, and she had
no hope of telling it to Anna.

With a sigh Julie sat down on the edge of the round, steel dais that lay in the
middle of the room, barely noticing as Anna joined her there. Her head had
stopped pounding painfully, but she was still on a knife's edge, the terrifying
power within her waiting just beneath the surface of her mind. Seeing the...
creature seemed to have awakened it, and now she had no idea how to stop it.

The quiet was making everyone uneasy, but nobody was quick to say anything after
what had happened. The events of the last few minutes had only just started to
sink in, and Julie could feel how wary some of the Resistance were of her. She
wished she could tell them that she never asked for any of this, and that it
wasn't her fault, but she couldn't do it. She didn't want to admit she was
upset.

Every head in the room turned as a loud, metallic crash echoed down the corridor
outside, the sound reverberating through the floor. The utter silence that
followed was broken seconds later by someone whispering "Shit!" A few people
laughed nervously, but it didn't last long.

"Stay cool guys, this shouldn't take much longer," Seth called from the back of
the room.

Anna glanced at Julie, hoping for some reassurance. She was desperately hoping
that Guys' story had been a lie, and that everyone was terrified of something
other than the... things he had spoken of. She didn't want it to be true.

But Julie didn't even notice that Anna was looking at her, she was so focused on
what was happening in her head. She could still sense them, and every moment the
feeling grew as they approached, like a weight slowly growing on her shoulders.
She couldn't tell their numbers, or how far away they were from reaching the
chamber, but there was more than one... lots more.

As the pressure grew, she felt the dreaded power within her gathering itself for
another fight. The pain she knew would accompany it didn't frighten her nearly
as much as the thought of losing control again... of tearing walls down and
destroying things like she had just done.

"Not again," she breathed, gritting her teeth and clinging to reality,
determined not to give in. She felt her control slip slightly as the whine of
guns charging filled the air, followed a moment later by boots thudding against
the metal as the men ran to the entrance in preparation for their inevitable
arrival.

"Julie, what's going on...?" Julie heard Anna's shaky voice, but she couldn't
answer. Already the pain was beginning to grow behind her eyes, like a drill
boring into her skull as her body reacted instinctively to the approaching
threat.

She held her hands to her temples and raised her head to see, her position on
the edge of the dais giving her a view over the shoulders of the Resistance of
the gloomy corridors beyond. Even with the men shining the lights on their guns
into the darkness, she couldn't see what was down there, but she could feel it.

Even as it began to emerge from the milky blackness, she could feel the weight
of its presence on her mind. She knew it could sense her just as clearly, but
its rage wasn't directed at her like the first one she had killed... there was
something else.

A split second later, following mere meters behind the creature, came a second
figure almost running on all fours to keep up. His clothing in tatters and his
body covered with slowly healing injuries, there was no trace of humanity left
behind Julian's eyes as he pursued the fleeing creature. Julie felt her heart
grow cold as she sensed the raw power pouring through his mind, its force
propelling him forwards even as he used it to strike wildly at the completely
alien defences of the creature.

She watched in horror as with a screeching of claws it halted and turned its
terrifying frame upon Julian, the air seemingly burning around it as it
attacked. She wouldn't have believed it possible, but with his bare hands Julian
blocked each furious strike of its forelimbs, her eyes barely able to keep up as
he first merely defended himself, and then began to force the creature back
towards the chamber.

But where her eyes failed, her mind saw everything clearly. She could feel the
raw telekinetic energy Julian was using to enhance each strike of his fists, and
to block attacks that should have shattered bone like driftwood. His mind stuck
continually at the defences around the creature, the very fabric of reality
twisting and creating a terrifying light show that only she could see as the two
forces raged against each other. Unable to comprehend what was really happening,
Julie had only her instinct to go on, and it was screaming that this was very,
very bad.

Recovering from their initial shock, the Resistance added their own firepower to
the fray, shouldering their guns and sending flashes of energy down the
corridor. The creature was barely able to defend itself from the shots, narrowly
deflecting several before it realised it couldn't hold off two attackers at
once. Claws tearing into the tortured floor panels, it launched itself sideways
and retreated into the darkness of a side-corridor, Julian following closely
behind.

Julie was shaking visibly as the whine of the guns faded away into the receding
sounds of battle. Her violet eyes hardly saw the scarred walls and panelling of
the corridor as she watched the fight between Julian and the creature continue
out of view of everybody else. She wasn't afraid that Julian would lose and that
the creature would come for them next. What made her grow cold with fear was the
restraint she felt in his attacks... he was holding back. He had been merely
toying with the creature, and it knew it.

"W... was that...?" Anna stammered, unable to finish her question. Even in the
shadows of the corridor she had gotten a clear view of the two fighters, and she
didn't want to believe her eyes.

"Incoming! Hurry up, Seth!" shouted one of the Resistance, the last second
overlaid by the sound of their weapons charging again.

It sounded like a distant rumble at first, slowly resolving itself into the
sound of claws pounding against the metal floor plating. Unable to see anything
in the darkness of the corridor, Anna looked to Julie, and her already
worry-creased face filled with concern.

"Are... you okay?" she asked, staring at Julies' white knuckles as she clutched
her head. As she watched, blood began to well up from where the young Dominant's
nails were digging into her skin, quickly turning into a trickle down her cheek.

"They're... coming," Julie managed slowly, focusing everything on restraining
the power in her head that was straining to break free. "I won't... lose...
control..."

She felt Anna pull away in fear as the dais shuddered under them both, but she
couldn't afford to think about the other girls' reactions. They would be here
within seconds, and Julie didn't know what would happen. If they all went after
Julian they might gain a few more minutes, but if not...

As if confirming her fears, she heard one of the Resistance yell out, and the
frighteningly familiar hiss of deflected shots momentarily melting patches of
panelling. It was an effort to open her eyes and raise her head a few
centimetres so she could see the doorway.

In a blur of speed the first one was upon them, ignoring the weapons fire around
it as it caught the first defender it encountered in its forelimbs and launched
itself straight through the group, throwing several to the ground with its bulk
before landing with its prize pinned underneath it. Mere metres away, Julie
stared at him in the bright lights of the portal chamber, seeing the raw terror
in his eyes as he looked up at the creature on top of him.

She yearned to help him, to use some of the power she was so desperately holding
back, but she was too afraid of the consequences to let go. Pain raging through
her skull like liquid fire, she stared in horror as the creature leant down
close and dug its claws into his shoulders, blood spilling out onto the floor as
it sliced through clothes and flesh alike.

The next few moments as he went rigid were forever burned into her mind.
Completely ignoring everything else, she watched the veins in his bare arms
start to swell and grow dark, like a poison that was rapidly spreading through
his body. It seemed like forever before she saw the dark lines start to show in
his neck, and it was then that he started to cry.

His head lolled back limply as the creature lifted him by the shoulders, pulling
him close to its body. As Julie stared with blood trickling down over hands
still holding her head, she made eye contact with him, the silent pleading in
the dark red depths of his gaze wrenching at her chest. She knew she should do
something, but she felt paralysed by her horror, unable to do anything but be a
passive observer.

She would never forget the look of surprise that crossed his face as the
creature began to consume him. Each minute change was burned into her brain as
flesh and bone alike melted like chocolate into the body of the creature holding
him in its forearms like a rag-doll. The device on his arm, useless and made of
inedible metal, fell to the floor below, followed seconds later by his clothing.
It left nothing of him behind.

Julie was trembling visibly as the creature raised itself to its full height,
the life it had taken already forgotten. It seemed like everything stopped as it
slowly turned and focused its utterly alien eyes on the young Dominant.

She was able to meet its gaze for only a split second before her self control
slipped, and without a sound the creature was thrown across the room to land
with a sickening thud against the far-right wall of the portal chamber. Before
she knew it she was sliding off the edge of the dais, barely managing to keep
her balance as the pain nearly drove her to her knees.

"Don't... let... go," she choked, barely containing the storm contained in her
skull. With step after shaky step, she made her way towards the entrance to the
room, ignorant of the remaining Resistance defenders pulling back from the
entrance.

She could hear her father yelling at her from the open portal on the dais behind
her, but the words were lost. She was focused entirely on the bodies lying on
the floor around her, torn apart by the creatures standing at the doorway to the
shadowy corridor. She could feel their hatred bearing down on her, but there was
something else keeping them at bay... they were wary of her. The creature she
had swept aside like a bug hadn't moved from where it had landed, slumped
against the wall in a pool of dark blood.

Julie didn't know what she was doing anymore as she looked at the people lying
around her like discarded toys. Their deaths were too much for her to bear. They
had been defending her... and she had done nothing...

She looked up from the floor, seeing the three creatures standing so close to
her now. They hated her, and in that moment she hated them back.

The first one was thrown aside with enough force to create a sizeable dent in
the wall when it hit. The pain barely had time to register in her head before
she drove the second one down through the floor, metal plating bending like
paper.

With a supreme effort, she caught herself before she killed the third one.
Barely holding onto her raging abilities, she sank to her knees and falling
forward, was violently sick over what she had just done.

"I..." she choked, shivering uncontrollably as her stomach threatened to heave
again. The pain in her head faded in comparison to the horror she felt realising
she had just killed three... four intelligent creatures. It didn't matter to her
that they would have killed her just as quickly without any remorse. With the
blood from the cuts on her head stinging her eyes, she felt no better than them;
no better than Julian or Shadow or anybody else.

But the remaining creature wasn't going to wait for her to recover, and launched
itself at where she was kneeling. She felt more than saw its movement, and
barely managed to roll out of the way before it slammed into the floor, claws
raking the metal. Terror pounded through her with each rapid beat of her heart
as she scrabbled to her feet, instinctively leaping back as it sliced through
where her chest had been milliseconds before.

"No..." she whispered to herself, desperately holding back her mind from
destroying her attacker.

"I..." With a grunt, she caught the claw about to crush her skull, instinct more
than any conscious action saving her once again.

"I will..." She held its' forelimb back for what seemed like an eternity, the
agony in her head matched by the pain she felt just having its scaly limb
touching her skin. It felt like her skin was burning away, but she didn't dare
let go.

"...not..." Julie was forced to leap back again as it released her hand and
swung at her side with its opposite limb. It advanced just as quickly and struck
again, giving her barely enough time to raise both arms and block it. The impact
as it hit her palms felt like being hit by a steel beam, but her arms survived
intact.

"...kill it!" She was amazed she had survived for so long, but her luck wasn't
unlimited, and with her arms raised, her body was completely exposed to the claw
that slashed diagonally through her clothes from underneath her left breast down
across her belly to end at her pelvic bone.

Julie had no time to be surprised as the creature pulled back to strike again,
but before it could finish her off, something large slammed into its side and
thew it up and over the dais to slam into the machinery on the other side.

Julie collapsed heavily onto the floor, clutching her stomach as blood quickly
soaked her shirt. It hurt too much to scream, and the pain in her head was
already threatening to send her into unconsciousness. She drew her legs up
protectively, barely able to think through the agony as she curled into a ball
and gasped for breath.

She could feel her grip on reality slowly slipping away, but was powerless to
prevent it as awareness of her body began to fade. The pain in her head and her
belly grew remote, giving her a brief moment of detached calm at the edge of the
darkness.

She wondered whether she was going to die now. She felt strange knowing that
Julian's sudden attack had saved her from being killed by the creature straight
away, only to die slowly on the floor from a relatively shallow injury.

She felt sorry for thinking that Seth had lied about everything. The infection
he had told them about wasn't a real infection... it was the creatures. Just
like a Dominant, they could kill you just by touching. She wondered whether
Celina knew the truth about what had created the marks on her back. Had she been
hiding it too, or did she really not know?

She barely noticed as her father swept her up in his arms, and ran with her
towards the waiting portal. She just wanted to see Simeon again. Her thoughts
faded away, and she sank into unconsciousness.

--

Big thanks to slavelucy for editing this

--




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lord Douche


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





