BDSM Library - Caged




Caged
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ms Loren takes her submissive out to a got club for a surprise.
I arrived at Mistress' home to find it empty. Her car wasn't in the driveway.
The only answer upon ringing the bell was the barking of Ms Loren's puppy,
Chiot. It was odd.

But I had instructions to prepare dinner each Friday night and have it ready by
a certain time. I knew better than to loaf around wondering where she might be.
I had a key and Mistress' good wishes to use it if needed. So I unlocked the
door and stepped inside.

Chiot pounced me. I immediately had faint dog paw prints on my white scrub dress
and a run in my white stockings. I chided him and pushed him off of me to pet
his head. Then I dodged when he leapt at me again. I ran into the kitchen with
him chasing me.

As I guessed, his food dish was empty. No wonder he was so glad to see me. I
filled his bowl halfway as Mistress usually instructed me. That seemed to
satisfy him. Or it occupied him, at least.

I dug through the grocery bag I brought with me and put away the things that I
wouldn't use immediately. Then I retreated to Mistress' bedroom. She kept a
space in her closet and the bottom drawer of her dresser for me. I kept my
cleaning uniform there. It consisted of a short skirt, a near sheer, fitted
white blouse, thigh-high stockings, a tiny black thong, and very high-heeled
pumps. The high heels often made me a bit wary until I'd been in them for a
while. It felt nice to get out of my work clothes though. I'd been on my feet
most of the day assuring patient X got his shot, taking patient Y's blood
pressure, and asking patient Z twenty thousand questions about her health
history.

Still, the spiked high heels were daunting. They often made my feet hurt after
wearing them for more than half an hour. But Mistress loved them, and they
didn't tend to stay on the floor very long once she arrived anyway.

Chiot finished his puppy chow and didn't seem to care that I was preparing food
until I began cutting chicken. Then his nose perked up and he began whining. I
laughed but ushered him into the back yard, making sure he had a full water
dish. It was hot, after all.

I contemplated turning the water sprinkler on for him but decided against it. If
he got wet I would have to give him a bath. I didn't feel up to it at that
moment. Perhaps during the weekend I would.

I turned my focus back to dinner and had just cooked the chicken when I heard
Mistress' car door. I dropped everything, quickly washed my hands, and dashed
for the front door as quickly as I could in the spiked heels. I reached the door
just as Mistress opened it. I sighed in relief and took her briefcase.

She smiled wickedly and said, "Hello pet."

"Hello Mistress." I responded, worrying about what was in store for me. Her
smile was especially devious. "How was your day?"

Mistress told me of the various things she did that morning while I followed her
into the kitchen. I'd helped her prepare the format for a report earlier in the
week and she told me that it had gone over well with her boss. That made me very
happy.

Mistress sat on a chair at the table in the kitchen and crossed her legs. I
fetched a cold glass of water for her and massage her neck as she continued. It
seemed that she would have a great deal of paperwork to do in the coming week.
She wasn't looking forward to it.

When Mistress paused for a sip of her drink I took the opportunity to excuse
myself briefly and fetch her hairbrush. When I returned and brushed her hair I
think that she nearly purred. I could feel the tension in her body slipping
away. It was a glorious feeling.

After a while she told me to stop and I sat the brush on the table. I thanked
Mistress for allowing me to brush her hair and kissed her feet. She smiled and
motioned me toward the stove. I nodded.

While I prepared dinner Mistress asked me about local politics, golf scores, and
what the Democratic and Republican presidential candidates had done that day. I
made a point to keep up with Mistress' interests just so we could have such
conversations. I knew that she didn't rely solely on me for news. There were
times that she quizzed me about current events, usually while I was tied to some
immobile object in a rather compromising position. But I still felt as though I
still offered a valuable service in that regard.

Our conversation lasted through dinner, which was tasty. I was glad I'd chosen
an easy recipe that was difficult to screw up. Not only that, but since dinner
had been so easy it gave me time to concentrate on making a very good dessert. I
was proud. I couldn't wait to see Mistress' face as she took the first bite. I
planned to bed to be allowed to feed it to her.

"That was very good pet." Mistress commented when she had finished dinner, "I'd
like to see you in the bedroom when you've cleaned."

"But..." I pouted, "Would you like dessert Mistress? I..." Mistress silenced me
with a stare. I swallowed and nodded. "Yes Mistress."

Mistress rose from the table slowly.  Then she walked toward the bedroom and
mentioned changing clothes. I begged to be allowed to undress and then redress
her but she only smiled and shook her head. I had to clean, after all.

I pouted a bit while I ran dishwater. But I was soon consumed with cleaning
tasks and was happy enough to be doing something. Perhaps if the kitchen were
particularly spotless when I finished Mistress would let me pleasure her in bed.

It had been nearly two weeks since the last time Mistress commanded the use of
my tongue. I adored lapping at her sex and she knew it. Perhaps Mistress was
punishing me for something? I hoped not. She usually told me if I'd done
something wrong. Maybe she merely wasn't feeling like it lately. I hoped that
she wasn't becoming bored with me.

A touch startled me out of my thoughts. Mistress giggled a bit behind me. "It
wasn't my intent to scare you pet." She said. It wasn't an apology. It was a
statement, but said with a warm and kind tone of voice.

I nodded and felt a bit woozy as Mistress brushed my hair while I washed and
rinsed the pots and pans that wouldn't wash well in the dishwasher. It was
heavenly. I didn't bother to ask what had prompted this kindness. Mistress
regularly liked to spoil me one minute and turn my rear end rather pink with a
spanking the next. Perhaps I should have been wary because of that. But her
fingers along my hair and the brush through it drove almost all thought from my
mind. It felt wonderful.

She stopped as I had nearly finished the dishes. "Don't worry about the rest of
the kitchen." She said, "We don't have a lot of time and I want to make good use
of it."

"Yes Mistress." I replied. She retreated down the hallway toward the bedroom. So
much for a sparkling kitchen perhaps earning me the reward of being allowed to
pleasure her. I pouted a bit more.

When the dishes I just rinsed were dried and put away I pranced down the hallway
and into Mistress' bedroom. She was there, waiting for me. She sat on the edge
of her bed reading.

She had changed clothes. She was no longer in the khaki slacks and white blouse
of her business day. A tight vinyl tank top hugged her breasts and left quite a
display of cleavage. A black leather skirt fell to mid thigh but had a slit a
few inches long up one side. Her shapely legs were wrapped in black silk nylons.
She wasn't yet wearing shoes, but a pair of high-heeled boots waited next to the
bed on the floor. She looked stunning.

The book closed with a snap as I entered. Mistress looked up at me and my gaze
fell to her collarbones. She preferred that I didn't look her in the eye, but
she didn't quite like the idea of me looking at the floor all the time. Her
collarbones were a good compromise.

"Strip for me." Mistress said in a nonchalant tone, "I want to see a little
show." She lay back on the bed. "And turn on the light. It's getting dark but I
want to see you clearly." I nodded, flipped the light switch, and noticed that
the bed had a few articles of clothing on it. But I didn't pay too much
attention to what those bits of cloth were.

Instead, I concentrated on taking off my cleaning uniform. I swayed a bit,
imagining music in my head. I tilted my head a little so that my hair cascaded
down my back. Thanks to Mistress' brushing it was soft and free of tangles. I
ran my fingers through it and swayed my hips.

Mistress seemed to enjoy the spectacle, so I continued in the same fashion.   I
turned sideways and unbuttoned my blouse. Then I turned so that I faced away
from Mistress and slid the blouse off my shoulders. I peeked at her over the
same shoulder and she smiled. Then I let the blouse fall to the floor.

I ran my hands from my upper thighs to the swell of my breasts, tracing my
curves. I turned to face Mistress halfway through the motion. I closed my eyes
and hoped that Mistress wouldn't mind. I became very, very embarrassed when I
knew that she was watching. I could feel my cheeks becoming pink.

My miniskirt unzipped and slid to the floor easily. Then I spun away from
Mistress again so that she could watch my backside. I flung my hair and looked
over my shoulder again, directly into her eyes. She had told me to put on a
show. Perhaps she wanted a daring show? She didn't seem to mind and though I was
embarrassed, it was worth it to look into her beautiful near blue eyes.

I grasped the waist straps of my black thong in either hand and slowly slid the
garment down my thighs. I continued to sway my hips the whole time, and bent at
the waist as the straps reached my knees. I nearly doubled over by the time they
reached my ankles. I was sure Mistress could tell that I was wet with the view
such that it was.

I hoped that it excited her. Teasing her was turning me on. Besides, I wanted
her. I wanted her to want me. I closed my eyes and begged for her fingers inside
me as I stepped out of the thong, careful not to tangle it around the tall,
spiked heels of my shoes. But Mistress stopped me almost at that exact instant.
There were times I would nearly swear that she could read my mind. That was one
of them.

I was told to turn around and face her. She had a lustful look in her eyes when
she rose from the bed. I returned my gaze to her collarbones and crossed my
wrists behind my back.

She padded across the room slowly, swaying her hips. She wrapped her arms around
me. Her claws dug into my sides. I whimpered slightly and felt the heat that was
growing in my sex take a giant leap forward. Mistress pressed one thigh between
mine gently. I purred.

"I think that will do nicely." She said. Then she kissed my neck and left me
reaching for the wall to steady myself. I was woozy again. Would she have me
right there? Would she push me to the floor and bury my face between her legs?
Would she spin me around, press me against the wall, and push her fingers into
rear from behind?

I wanted all of that and more. I wanted to beg for it. But when I regained my
senses she was already crossing the room again, moving away from me.

She spun to face me and was holding the few pieces of clothing I'd noticed
earlier. "I want you to keep the stockings and heel on for the time being." She
said, "But put these on as well."

"Yes Mistress." I replied, and took the garments. I slid into a black lace bra.
The cups were silk but only from the bottom up until the point where my nipples
were covered. Then they were black lace. The bra was very cute.

Ms Loren also had me put on a  very small black thong. It was only a small
triangle of material and straps to hold it in place over my sex. It barely
covered my little strip of pubic hair. I blushed a bit as I put it on.

The skirt was something I hadn't seen before. It was as short as the one I wore
as part of my cleaning uniform but it was pleated and solid gray. It looked
something like a perversion of a school uniform skirt.

The only other pieces of clothing offered were black, satin, full-length opera
gloves. They fit me perfectly and covered my arms to the center of my biceps.
They were very soft. I touched my belly and traced my belly button. I liked how
they felt on my skin.

Mistress noticed. "Yes pet," She said, tracing one red fingernail where I had
just traced my skin, "They feel good, don't they?" I nodded. She smiled. "I plan
to make use of that later tonight. But for now," She check her watch, "We need
to be going."

I blinked. I opened my mouth and then shut it. Mistress raised one eyebrow. "Yes
pet?"

"I..." I stammered, "Um... are we going out with me dressed like this Mistress?"

She smirked. "Yes pet."

"With respect, May I please have a top to wear Mistress?" My voice was near
whining.

"No pet."

I could only agree but couldn't bring my mouth to say the words. So I nodded. I
was covered, I supposed, more than when I wore my bikini. Yet I'd not left the
house to go somewhere public dressed in so little before. Then I perked up a
bit. "Are we going to a play party Mistress?" I asked.

Mistress shook her head. "No pet." She sat down on the bed and extended one
foot. I took the cue, knelt before her, and helped her put on her boots.

"But..." I continued.

"Pet?"

"Yes Mistress?" I looked up. She looked at me with a knowing smirk.

"Would I take you anywhere that would put you in more danger than I could
protect you against?" She asked.

Her boots were being stubborn but I managed to slip the first onto her foot and
then slide the zipper up her calf. I picked up  the second. "No Mistress." I
said as I held her delicate foot and slid it into the leather of the boot.

"Then trust me."

"Yes Mistress."

"I don't want to hear another word about it."

"Yes Mistress." But where were we going? I couldn't guess.

The smell of rain was in the air. I hadn't realized it, but the sky spat a bit
while Mistress and I ate dinner. It made the night especially cool considering
how hot the day had been. As such, I was allowed to wear a jacket over my bra.

Mistress drove us downtown and parked. The sidewalks were slick. I was glad that
she took my arm and allowed me to navigate. I knew she was capable of taking
care where she walked. Of course she was more than capable. But it made me feel
better, useful, to guide her around slippery gratings and manhole covers.

I relaxed when I realized where it was that we were going. It was a safe place.
It was somewhere we could go and not worry about someone running to Mistress'
boss to tattle-tale.

The steps down into the club were filled with people. That meant the place was
near filled to capacity. The club expanded under an entire city block...
literally, under it. The cavernous place was the basement of several buildings
where walls had been knocked out here or there for a doorway, bar, table, or
stage. Hence, the name of the club was Catacombs.

Thankfully, the bouncer at the door recognized us. She smiled and her posture
relaxed a bit, tattoos rippling even in the darkness as her skin slid over
well-muscled arms. I purred. Mistress shot a glance and a smirk my way. I
thought I knew the exact four-letter word that crossed her mind. I at least know
what word crossed mine. Meow.

I dug our identification out of my purse. It was still the law that ID had to be
checked and Mistress was adamant that we would break no sensible law directly,
nor would any be broken on our account. The key word was sensible.

We were admitted with another smile. I thought of staying to flirt a moment but
wasn't sure Mistress would allow it on that particular night. She had plans for
me. So I followed her into the club.

It was her turn to lead me now. She clipped a leather leash to my smooth steel
collar and made a slight hand signal. I nodded affirmation. It was one of her
prearranged hand signals. She taught them to me when she first collared me. It
meant that I wasn't to speak unless spoken to... by her, and her alone.

We left our coats at the coat check window. I felt naked. I was wearing so
little! I felt as thought everyone in the place was sizing me up for dessert. My
nipples became hard little pebbles that showed through the thin silk and lace of
the bra I was wearing.

Mistress led me to the bar and ordered two ginger ales. She looked around, then
back at me. She smiled. I blushed. She leaned close and spoke in my ear to be
heard above the music, "Are you more proud of or embarrassed by the leash?"

I felt my cheeks warm a little more. "I'm both embarrassed and proud, Loren." I
said into her ear, "It's a turn on as well, to be claimed like this. I'm not
sure which is prevalent but if I were forced to choose then I would say the
latter that I mentioned." I was worried that she would make me spell it out for
her. Not that she misunderstood. She knew exactly what I meant. But she enjoyed
making me state, in plain terms, just how wet I was, how excited a certain
activity made me, or how much I wanted something sexual.

Thankfully, my response seemed good enough. She nodded. She smiled. Then our
drinks arrived at the bar in front of us.

While I reached into my small purse and paid, I felt Mistress unfasten the leash
from the collar around my neck. I was disappointed but only for a moment. She
looped the leash around one of the bar stools and then clipped it to the collar
around my neck again.

"I want to take a look around." She said into my ear, "There are a few people
here I want to speak with. Be a good kitty. Stay." I nodded my compliance and
handed her one glass of ginger ale. I tried to hide my embarrassment by
pretending the straw and bubbles of my own glass were utterly fascinating.

Then I felt Mistress' hand on my hair. I looked up. She was smiling again. She
leaned toward me and I could feel her breath on my ear. I shivered.

"I doubt you'll come into any trouble," She said, "But if you do simply ask the
bartender for help." She kissed my hair. "You're an open book here pet. I can
read your every emotion on your face or in your body language. It's so
enticing."" She pressed herself close to my body, took my hand in hers, and
pressed my hand against the portion of her skirt that covered her sex. She was
warm to the touch. And then she disappeared into the crowd.

How could she do that to me? It was so cruel! My own sex throbbed and ached from
her teasing. I couldn't stop thinking of how much I wanted to pleasure her with
my tongue and fingers.

I watched, trying to follow her for a moment but it was near impossible. There
were far too many people to do so in the bar. But I did notice a woman nearby
staring at me as though I had walked out of a science fiction novel. I avoided
her gaze and turned my attention back to my ginger ale.

The bartenders both milled about behind the oak, brass, and black leather
counter. I watched as the shorter, butch bartender squirted whipped cream onto
the top of what looked like hot apple cider. When she looked up she winked at
me. I blushed and tried to pick Mistress out of the crowd again. I knew I wasn't
wearing much, but was I really so much of a spectacle?

When I turned away from the bar to look around my eyes drifted into those of the
woman who was staring at me earlier. She was standing right next to me. She
touched the leash that connected me to the bar stool and I nearly smacked her.
That was my Mistress'!

She said something, but I couldn't hear her over the music. Not that it
mattered. I couldn't speak to anyone but Ms Loren.

The woman was my height. Or rather, she was a little taller than me but I was
wearing heels high enough so that we seemed the same height. She had dark hair
and deep green eyes. She was fairly attractive. I guessed that she was perhaps
in her late twenties. But something wasn't quite right. She didn't seem to fit
in at the bar. I wasn't sure what gave me that impression, but I wondered.

Her face twisted into an expression that seemed too haughty for someone who
looked so uncomfortable in a leather miniskirt. Then she rolled her eyes and
leaned forward to speak into my ear. "What's with the leash?" She asked.

I shook my head from side to side. Then I ran my fingers across my lips in a
zipper-like fashion. I hoped that she took the hint.

She seemed confused. She leaned forward again. "What?" She asked, "You can't
talk?" I nodded. "You can talk?" I fought hard not to roll my own eyes and shook
my head back and forth.

The woman's brow furrowed. She seemed at a loss. She leaned forward and spoke
into my ear again. "Can you or can't you talk?" She asked. I shook my head back
and forth again. "Why not?" I made the zipper motion across my lips again.

The woman frowned. It was clear to me that she didn't understand. So be it. I
couldn't explain it to her and even if I could I doubted that she would
understand. She seemed rather naive and I wondered what she was doing at a
fetish bar. She didn't look the type. Something seemed off about her.

She shrugged, shot a disdainful look at me, and walked back to her perch at the
bar. I saw her lean forward and speak to one of the bartenders. She pointed at
me. I looked back down into my drink.

The music stopped for a moment. I heard a lady's voice though the speakers,
welcoming everyone to the club. I guessed that she was on the main stage, which
was in a room adjacent to the one that held the bar in which I stood attached to
a stool. Her voice went on to announce that a cage dancing competition would
begin shortly. I blushed bright crimson. So that's what Mistress was up to! She
wanted to watch me dance.

The music began again and I looked up. Mistress walked toward me with her head
high. The crowded bar seemed an afterthought, if it was in her mind at all. The
patrons seemed to glide out of her way without so much as thinking of it. I
marveled a bit. She was so very graceful.

I could see the woman who asked about the leash in my peripheral vision. She
followed my gaze and then stepped off into the crowd with a frown. I grinned.
Good. I hoped she wouldn't bother me again. She seemed so odd in this place. No,
that wasn't it. She seemed vanilla. What was she doing there?

Then Mistress had the leash attached to the collar around my neck in her hand.
Her leash. Her collar. She leaned forward so that I could hear her. "Is
everything well?" She asked. Then She leaned back just enough so I could follow
her eyes. They were looking in the direction of the woman from the bar who asked
about the leash.

I nodded and leaned forward, "She was interested in the collar and leash
Mistress." Mistress nodded in turn. She took her glass of ginger ale from my
hand. Then she looked up at me. I guessed what she would ask and I shook my
head. I leaned forward and said into her ear, "I asked the last time we were
here Mistress. They don't have any straws."

Mistress scowled. I guessed that she didn't wish to smear her carefully applied
new lipstick. I didn't like the idea either since I was the one who had applied
it between paddle swats. It had been quite a challenge.

She leaned forward and spoke again in my ear. "I'd like you to keep a few straws
in your purse from now on." She said, "And keep them in a protective paper or
plastic bag."

I nodded. "Yes Mistress."

Then Mistress turned. Her face brightened. A slender woman with beautiful,
blue-black, curly hair stood behind her. I recognized her from a munch three
weeks ago. I thought that she belonged to one of Mistress' friends, but I
couldn't remember her name.

The curly haired submissive girl curtsied and leaned forward to speak to
Mistress. I couldn't hear what she said but Mistress smiled and nodded. She then
held up one finger with it's red nail and I lowered my eyes as she walked off a
few steps with the curly haired submissive.

Why did Mistress insist on secrecy? They were obviously discussing something
that Mistress didn't wish me to hear. Not that I had much of a chance to
overhear anything. The music was still very loud and thumping.

I looked up toward the bar and saw the lady who approached me earlier again. She
smiled a sterile grin and turned back to the bar. I wondered why she was here
and why she asked me about the collar and leash.

Mistress beckoned with one finger and I pranced over to her. She held out her
hand. I blushed slightly but placed the end of the leash in her hand. She
smirked.

Then we followed the curly haired girl though the crowd to one of the tables
tucked away in a corner. I saw the curly haired girl's Mistress sitting there.
The music was a little less loud in the corner, and I could almost make out
their conversation, but not quite.

The curly haired girl nodded when her Mistress spoke in her ear. Then she turned
to my Mistress and said something. Mistress glanced at me then said something
back to the girl with curly hair.

I did my best but couldn't remember the names of anyone at the table. What would
I do if Mistress asked me for their names? I would be in big trouble. I just
knew it.

I took a seat and Mistress sat next to me. Her hand immediately found my thigh
and inched just under my skirt. I swallowed hard. The curly haired girl's
Mistress grinned. I think she knew. Perhaps she does the same thing. Or perhaps
she suggested it. I had no way of knowing.

From the table we had a perfect view of one of the club's dancing cages. They
were nearly seven feet tall but only three feet across. Each was raised above
the ground on a thin dais and was suspended from the ceiling by chains. Or
perhaps the chains were merely decorative. I wasn't sure.

We watched several dancers. Mistress played with the lips of my pussy and
occasionally my clit the whole time. I knew I was sopping wet. I went to the
bathroom twice and did my best to assure that I was dry but Mistress just began
again when I returned. It was terribly frustrating.

I enjoyed the show and began to think that's all it was. Perhaps Mistress only
wanted to tease me and show me off to her friend. I still couldn't remember her
name. That made me nervous.

Then the emcee called my name with her soft, electronically amplified voice. I
looked at Mistress. She only grinned and got up from the table. She nodded to
her friend and led me by the leash to the nearby cage.

A woman wearing a long white dress and holding a microphone opened the door. My
Mistress said something into her ear and the lady nodded. She stepped back.

Mistress held the door for me and tied my leash to one of the cage's bars. She
leaned forward and kissed my forehead. "Make me proud." She said.

The cage itself was warm with the energy of the club. I felt the beat of the
music throb through it. Then I heard the door of the cage clang closed behind
me. Mistress grinned, looking up at me from the dance floor. The emcee had let
Mistress close and latch the door. I could tell she enjoyed it.

One song ended and the next began. They were all industrial goth with little
variation. They had almost identical rhythms. I didn't feel as thought I needed
the fresh start, but I took advantage of it. The song started slowly and so did
I.

I could either dance very structured dances like the waltz and the foxtrot or I
danced completely improvised dances like salsa or swing. I wasn't good at the
things in between. I wasn't comfortable dancing on the floor at clubs with
someone else. I never felt as thought I knew what I was doing.

But cage dancing was more like stripping. It was complete improvisation. I could
make it all up as I went along. And I loved that. I could make it look good.

I closed my eyes. My hands roamed my body. My fingers worked their way through
my long, auburn hair. I caressed my nipples through the thin silk and lace bra.
I traced fingernails up my legs to trace my hips and then cupped my breasts. All
the while I swayed my hips and waved my hair back and forth hypnotically.

Before I knew it, the song was near over and the emcee was releasing me from the
cage. I was disappointed. I didn't want to stop. I enjoyed myself.

When I stepped down from the cage I was glad that Mistress had dressed me so
scantily. I felt warm and a little sweat beaded on my forehead. I wanted a drink
and hoped that Mistress hadn't finished my ginger ale.

We left the club early in the morning. While she drove I begged Mistress to
allow me to pleasure her. When she silenced me on the subject I begged that she
pleasure me instead... that she bend me over the couch when we got home and have
her way with me while she wore a harness and dildo.

She laughed at that. She said she was surprised that a single night of teasing
could have me begging for such things without any prodding. But I doubted that
she was actually surprised.

Mistress had me kneel in the living room when we arrived at her home. I hoped
that she was putting on her harness and dildo. I desperately wanted that. But
she didn't. Instead she walked into the living room, the heels of her boots
tapping on the floor, saying, "I just couldn't get you to shut up on the drive
here. So I thought that this might be in order." She was carrying her favorite
dildo and a dildo harness gag that I bought her for her birthday. I couldn't
hide my smile as she strapped the strong leather around my head.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kittenfemme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





