BDSM Library - Chloe Gets More Than She Bargained For




Chloe Gets More Than She Bargained For
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The transvestite Chloe meets a master who realizes what she really is and does things to her she had previously only dreamed about. But he takes her so much further than that and soon Chloe is in over her head.
Chloe gets more than she bargained for 
by 2NN 

Warning: This story is not for minors or people who are easily offended
by homosexuality or S&M. If you are a minor or easily offended, go
elsewhere now. 

This story was inspired by an account of a real-life experience a reader
sent me. Thank you.

Chapter 1: First encounter 
Chloe had been waiting anxiously for this
weekend for almost a month. Tonight she was going to meet the mystery
man who had so ignited her deepest and darkest fantasies. 

Chloe was a transvestite of the submissive persuasion. To the outside
world she was still the same old guy, but at night, sitting by her
computer she became a raging rubber fetishist, an ultra submissive
transvestite for whom almost nothing was too extreme. As of yet her
encounters in the real world had varied from some almost vanilla
encounters to a few truly extreme sessions. In the most extreme she had
been inescapably bound in rubber and placed underneath the floor of the
toilet of a gay club, a tube running from one of the urinals into her
mouth. 

Most of Chloe's contacts had been over the Net and it was the same with
this guy. She had made contact a couple of weeks ago and very quickly
his suggestions as to what he would like to do to her, had driven her
almost wild. She simply had to meet this guy. Chloe was terribly afraid
that the meeting would prove to be a massive disappointment, that he
couldn't live up to what he had written during their e-mail exchange.
And at first it had looked like her fears had been true. They had met at
a busy cafe close to the hotel where they both stayed. Chloe had
insisted that their encounter not take place in her home. So they met at
the cafe, Chloe dressed as her boring, old male self. The guy whom she
would call Master within an hour, arrived fashionably late. He looked
perfectly ordinary, somewhat above average height and with a knowing
smile that gave Chloe an expectant little shiver down her spine. Nothing
more. They ate a light meal while they chatted about nothing in
particular and Chloe began to get the feeling that this was gong to be
bust, a lot of trouble for nothing, a weekend stay at a hotel for
nothing. 

But when the noise level rose in the cafe rose as people streaming from
work began to fill up the place, it became much harder for others to
hear what they were talking about and the man leaned forward and looked
her into the eyes: "Enough of this chitchat, you filthy slut. It's time
that you get into your rubbers and get ready for a good fucking." The
man spoke in calm and reasonable tones but there was no mistaking his
intentions or the intensity of his words. Suddenly things had gone from
too slow, too much too fast. Chloe began talking about safe words and
rules and the man agreed to all her proposals, but the way in which he
agreed made her shiver. It was perfectly clear that he wanted her
wrapped up in feminine rubber attire as soon as possible and that she
could expect little mercy from him. Maybe this was going to be a good
weekend after all. 

He had insisted that they have separate rooms at the hotel and that the
action take place in her room. Now they first went to their separate
rooms to change. Chloe didn't know how much he needed to change, but she
certainly had a bit of work to do before she looked like a proper rubber
clad whore. She dressed as per his instructions and soon she thought she
looked very good. She wore a full-body, black rubber suit open only at
the neck, hands and crotch. Covering her crotch was a pair of tiny, red
rubber panties squeezing her genitals almost uncomfortably. Almost. On
her feet were a pair of high-heeled pumps and on her hands were shoulder
length, red, rubber opera gloves. Compressing her waist was a stiff red
corset. Chloe looked in the mirror and thought she looked very sexy. She
couldn't wait to find out what he thought of her. She had left her head
uncovered and had thrown a bathrobe over the costume so that she could
stick her head around the door when opening it without attracting too
much attention. 

When she heard knocks on the door, her heart began to pound. This was
it. As she opened the door she was slightly disappointed. The man wore
nothing more provocative than a pair of black boots, black jeans and a
tight-fitting, black T-shirt. He looked ordinary. 

But his behavior certainly wasn't. He pushed her inside and as he
slammed the door behind him, he shouted in her face: "Stupid bitch. Why
aren't you properly dressed? Why is your face not covered?" When Chloe
tried explaining, he slapped her face hard, so hard that she fell down.
As he knelt beside her, she almost said the safe word as he grabbed her
neck with strong hands. She opened her mouth to say it and just then he
kissed her. Hard. Her hands had flown to her face to protect it so her
crotch was undefended and now his palm folded over her genitals and
began to knead them. Chloe went from almost shock from his violent
behavior, to almost shock from his insistent groping. He kissed and
groped her for a long time and Chloe could feel herself get hard, her
cock straining against the red, rubber panties. Then, just as suddenly
as he had slapped her, he stood up and again ordered her to finish
dressing. She was a second recovering, but as he looked at her
menacingly, she quickly sprang into action. Faster than she would have
thought possible her bathrobe had been thrown away and her face had been
covered in a black, rubber hood, leaving only her eyes, nostrils and
mouth uncovered. To cap it off she fastened a thick and broad, black
leather collar around her neck. 

The man looked at her and nodded approvingly: "Much better slut. Much
better." He indicated that she should kneel before him and she rushed to
do so. Then he continued: "A few ground rules: Obey me without
hesitation at all times. The first and last words out of your mouth will
always be 'Master', IF you are allowed to speak. And finally you are
absolutely forbidden to touch yourself or to cum without my permission.
The rest you will learn as we go along." Chloe shuddered. Maybe she had
found a master who could bring her to new heights after all. 

Then the games began. He pulled out his member and Chloe was convinced
that he would want a blowjob. But no. Instead he pissed in her mouth,
forcing her to swallow very quickly, so as not to stain the carpet,
something she thought both the hotel and Master would disapprove of.
Somehow she managed to swallow it all and she tried to catch her breath,
Master spun her around and threw her down so that she stood on all
fours. There was no time to react as he began slapping her ass with his
bare hand, leaning into the blows. He kept up the slapping until Chloe
was groaning with pain. Then he stopped and quickly greased up her ass.
As his fingers entered her, her groaning turned passionate. The passion
in her cries intensified when he slipped her erect member out of the
panties and began stroking it. Everything was going too fast, but Chloe
didn't care anymore. She was so close to cuming, her cock throbbed with
need as her moaning became louder. Just as she was about to cum, Master
pulled his hand away. 

Chloe whimpered with disappointment, but had the presence of mind not to
finish the job herself. That would have been a mistake. Her whimpering
turned to cries of passion once again as he mounted her from behind
while resuming his stroking of her cock. The fucking Chloe now received
ranked among the best she had ever had: long, passionate, and hard and
gentle at the same time. It would have been perfect if he had allowed
her to cum. Instead he let her hang as he shot his load up her ass,
again taking his hand away just as she was about to explode. This time
she almost cried and begged for release. Chloe couldn't remember having
ever been so horny before. As Master came while letting her hang
unfulfilled, she did beg for release but it did her no good. Master just
turned her around and ordered her to clean his cock. Normally she would
have thought it a disgusting job and refused to do it, but she was
desperate to be allowed to cum and thought that obedience might help.
Whether obedience helped her case or not was hard to determine. She
wasn't allowed to cum, but neither was she punished. In any case there
wasn't time to think it over as Master began playing with her body.
Producing a pair of rubber mittens for her hands seemingly from thin
air, Master rendered her hands useless as he sealed them inside the
mittens and tied the mittens to her collar. 

Again he started by groping her now unprotected body, but soon he was
ordering her around; making her strike certain humiliating poses or
simply grovel at his feet. As she did this, the man produced a camera
and began snapping away. Chloe had long wanted to have some photos taken
of her while dressed properly and this was part of the agreement they
had reached before even meeting. 

Chloe loved it. Here she was being bossed around, displaying her
submissiveness and having someone to take pictures of it as well. The
only thing she didn't like was the frustration of having a raging
hard-on and not being allowed to cum. Her cock was hard, throbbing and
ready and there was nothing she could do about it. 

After a while Master got horny again and soon Chloe was on her knees
servicing him. As she sucked Chloe tried to rub against his leg as she
tried to get off, but a warning from Master made her stop. With her
mouth full of cock she whimpered with disappointment. 

When Chloe had swallowed his cum he gagged her with huge, black
ball-gag. Then he threw her on the bed and tied her legs wide. His
attention then once again turned to her cock. First he played with it
some more, this time actually making her cry with frustration as he
denied her the orgasm she so wanted again and again. After that his
attention to her cock turned more painful. First he "just" flicked his
nail at her balls, making her scream with pain as he grazed them with
enough force to make her go rigid with pain. Then he began using hot
wax. When Chloe saw what his intention was, she immediately began
humming a tune, which was the agreed on "safe word" if she was gagged.
Master heard this, looked up and smiled: "you don't really think that
you're getting off that easy, do you?" he mocked. Chloe was shocked!
Master was going to break the rules! She began screaming behind her gag.

This did her no good as he sat on top of her, pinning her to the bed. He
then tied straps from her collar to the headboard of the bed, insuring
that she wouldn't be able to sit up. Once this was accomplished he got
off the bed and turned on the TV, making sure the volume was just loud
enough to drown out her muffled screams. Then he resumed playing with
her genitals. In minutes Chloe was screaming and thrashing as the pain
in her crotch drove her almost mad. When it was finally over she lay
sobbing, her genitals completely encrusted with wax and throbbing with
pain. Chloe was sure that her cock was permanently damaged. 

Master soon proved that this was wrong. He removed the wax, cleaned her
cock and allowed her a bit of rest. While he left her alone, Chloe
wondered how she was going to get out of this one and if she had finally
gone too far. After about half-n-hour Master returned his attention to
her, or more specifically to her member and Chloe was very surprised
that he had her hard and throbbing, this time for sexual release, within
just a few minutes. She couldn't believe that she could still go hard
for a man who had just hurt her and scared her more than she had ever
been scared or hurt before. Nonetheless he kept her on the brink for
what seemed like hours before removing her hand to the sound of her
mewling pleas, ignoring them completely. 

Once he was done playing with her cock, he released from the bed and
helped her stand. She was still gagged and her hands were still in
mittens and tied to her collar, so she didn't dare resist. Besides, the
fear she had felt had been mostly replaced by lust and she was now more
interested in cuming than in escape. Master led her into the bathroom
and held her cock while she relieved herself on his command. Then he
looked deeply into her eyes and said: "I'll take out your gag so you can
drink. If you even consider screaming, I'll dip your cock and your balls
in boiling water. Understood?" Terrified Chloe nodded. Then her gag was
removed and he let her drink from a bottle of soda. 

He then re-gagged her and led her back to the bed. As she watched he
covered it with a black rubber sheet and Chloe felt a shiver of fearful
anticipation run down her spine. They had discussed mummification and
she now saw him take out a great deal of things made out of rubber. She
was still very nervous about him breaking their agreement, but she had
looked forward to this very much and couldn't help getting excited.
Before wrapping her up, however, Master had some needs to fulfill and he
pressed her up against the wall as he fucked her ass with great force
and skill. Chloe had to admit that the man really knew how to use his
cock. Just having him inside her, made her go hard and needy again. 

Once his needs had been taken care of, he threw Chloe down on the rubber
sheets. First he strapped her legs together, before making her put her
arms down her side so that he could strap them in place too. Chloe could
have resisted, but she was too scared and horny. Besides it was quite
clear that Master was ready for almost anything, so she gave up and soon
she lay helpless on the bed. 

Master then replaced her gag with a short, thick tube, which he taped in
place. Then he took out long rolls of rubber and began wrapping her up.
Master was far more meticulous than anyone she had ever met before and
when he was done, Chloe was wrapped in a rubber cocoon so thick that she
had trouble even wriggling. All sight had disappeared and all the sounds
were muffled. The only places he had left uncovered were her breathing
tube and her genitals. Leaving her genitals free had definitely not been
part of the agreement, but then Master had already shown nothing but
disregard for their prior arrangements. Chloe once again began feeling
nervous about the whole thing. Master finished the job by meticulously
wrapping her up in a layer of duct tape. 

Chloe's nervousness was well founded as it turned out. At first he
"just" teased her some more, making her thrash and scream for release
that never came. When her thrashing became too much, he used long,
sturdy cargo straps to tie her to the bed, almost squeezing all the air
out of her. After he had finished playing with her cock some more, she
heard him say that she should get ready to swallow. A funnel was
inserted into her breathing tube and soon she felt warm piss filling up
her mouth. Finally, just to really scare her, Master held his hand over
the breathing tube, completely sealing off her air supply. In just
seconds she was close to panic as he denied her air and she was sure
that he was going to let her die, when the hand was removed and she was
once again allowed to breathe. 

It took a while for her to regain her composure and when she did, Master
once again began playing with her cock. After another long and
frustrating session where she was not allowed to cum, she felt him pull
a condom over her cock. Then he leaned close and said to her: "The
condom is connected to a bag, so if you need to pee, just do it. I'll be
back tomorrow." His words once again threw her into near panic. Was he
just going to leave her here? What if something happened? 

As before there was nothing she could do. She was inescapably bound and
all she could do was to listen to the drone of the TV drowning out both
her cries for help and Master's retreating footsteps. She faintly heard
the door close and then she was alone. She briefly considered the
possibility that he had tricked her and had actually snuck back into the
room to watch her, but considering his brutal treatment of her, she
found it highly unlikely. In any case she had little choice but to wait.

Chloe must have fallen asleep, because when she once again returned her
attention to the sound of the TV, it sounded more like the morning news
than the late-night movie. He had left her like that the whole night!
Chloe lay shocked for several hours before she heard the sound of the
door opening and footsteps approaching the bed. She heard Master's voice
ask her: "Still alive, are we?" and she nodded vigorously, hoping to be
set free. 

But she was not released. Instead the funnel was placed in her breathing
tube and her mouth was once again filled with urine. Then she felt the
bed give as Master sat down and began playing with her cock. This time
it was not only frustrating, but also painful as she had blue balls from
the day before and was very tender from not being allowed to cum. It
didn't matter. In minutes she was again straining for release as the
need to cum filled her whole universe. She didn't know for how long
Master played with her cock, but when he took his hand away she was
again crying with frustration. 

Then, without a word of warning, he left her again. She heard the door
close and she alone with the droning TV. She was tied down and helpless,
unable to move and the only way she had of keeping track of time was the
sound of the TV. During the day she filled urine bag attached to her
cock and she must have fallen asleep again, because once again the sound
from the TV were those of an action packed Saturday night movie. 

Finally late a night Master returned, but still he did nothing to
release her. He just changed her urine bag, played some more with her
cock before leaving her alone again. Chloe cried with frustration as he
left, both sexual and otherwise. She was trapped and the long hours
spent in the same position were beginning to hurt her body. But she had
no choice. In spite of her aching body and her terrified and excited
mind, she was forced to spend another night alone, mummified and
strapped to the bed. This had been one of her fantasies for a long time
and she couldn't deny that it excited her, but the fantasy had been
taken too far, to where it scared her badly. She was unsure that she was
ever going to be let free. Still, she was tired and so she fell asleep,
her mind visited by dreams of hard and unforgiving slavery to the cruel
man who held her captive. 

When Chloe woke up she could feel someone playing with her cock. She was
very tender and the slightest touch was an exquisite mixture of pleasure
and pain. However, this time Master didn't play with her cock for long.
When he took his hand away from her straining and tender cock Chloe got
yet another nasty surprise. Suddenly she felt her cock being enveloped
in an icepack, the painful cold filling her dark and immobile universe.
As she cried her cock shrunk until it was just a tiny shivering
appendage. Then things turned for the worse. To Chloe's desperate cries
Master locked a chastity device onto her cock. It consisted of a steel
tube enveloping her entire cock. At the end there were some small holes
so that Chloe would be able to pee, but she would be unable to touch any
part of her cock unless she used something roughly equivalent to a
knitting needle. The tube was only big enough to hold her cold and
flaccid member and the minute it began to grow, it pressed painfully
against it's steel prison. It was bent; forcing her cock to point
downwards and thus prevented an unsightly bulge in her pants. The
chastity tube was held in place by a steel ring going around Chloe's
scrotum. The ring was hinged on one side and locked in place by a steel
padlock on the other. Chloe cried with frustration and despair as Master
sealed her poor cock inside it. She immediately began thinking about how
to get it off. 

After fitting her with the chastity device Master began removing Chloe's
bindings. Slowly the duct tape and the rubber strips came off until
Chloe finally lay prone on the bed. At first her limbs were simply too
stiff to move, but as she gradually gained control over them she chose
to remain still so as not to displease Master. Seeing this made Master
smile and after a little while he climbed on top of her chest and made
Chloe blow him. When she had swallowed his cum he got up and ordered her
to kneel before him. In spite of her sore muscles Chloe quickly knelt in
front of him, her head pressed against the floor. Then Master spoke:
"I'm going to go now slave and you will be free until we meet again. I
expect you to be at this hotel in one months exactly, fully dressed,
ready and waiting for me on Friday night." Chloe nodded in agreement,
but secretly thought that it would be a cold day in Hell before she came
to see this man again. Sure, he had taken her to new submissive heights,
but he was just too dangerous. Chloe wowed to be more careful in the
future. The only problem remaining was how to get the chastity device
off without calling too much attention to herself. But these thoughts
were shattered as he spoke: "I know what you are thinking you miserable
slave-shit. You are just going to take the chastity device off and stay
the hell away from me. Well, you can forget about that." As Chloe
stiffened with fright Master first told her that he had sealed the lock
on the chastity device so that he could spot any tampering with it. This
would not have been a problem if not for the second thing he revealed.
Master knew all about her: her real name, where she lived, where she
worked, everything. He even showed her photos taken inside her
apartment. He also promised that he would find her and punish her if she
tried running away. If Chloe didn't turn up promptly for their next
meeting things would go badly for her. 

Things had gone from bad to worse and Chloe sat in shock on the floor as
Master left the hotel room. He knew everything about her. Escape
suddenly seemed very far away. She didn't doubt his ability to watch
her, catch her or punish her after what he had done to her over the
weekend. Chloe couldn't see a way out. For the time being she would have
to play along and obey him until she could come up with a plan. However,
there was another feeling besides despair creeping up on Chloe. She felt
it stir in her now imprisoned member and she felt it tingling in her
stomach. Chloe couldn't help but feel a strong submissive attraction to
the cruel man who had just for all intents and purposes enslaved her.
Chloe couldn't deny that she was still strongly attracted to him and the
things he did to her, so for the next month or until she thought of
something else, she would play along more or less voluntarily. 




Chapter 2: More frustrating encounters. The next month was very
frustrating for Chloe. Every minute of every day she could feel Master's
control over her life. She had to sit down when peeing. She was forced
to avoid places with security checks because of the fear of setting the
metal detectors off. Chloe didn't have too much of a social life as it
was, but what little she had now suffered as she preferred to stay at
home, too self-conscious about her chastised cock. Every day she became
more and more horny and the slightest touch, a colleague brushing
against her in the hall, now triggered a storm of sexual fantasies. At
night she dreamt of endless brutal fuckings and of delightfully
humiliating golden showers. When the month was over and she checked into
the hotel, her heart was racing and her underwear was soiled, almost
dripping with pre-cum. 

As soon as the door shut behind her, she dared wait no longer. Much
quicker than she would have thought possible just one month ago, she was
covered from head to toe in the same rubber costume as before. Almost
bursting with anticipation she sat just inside the door and waited for
Master to knock. She didn't have to wait for very long before she heard
someone knocking on the door with heavy blows. Chloe quickly got up and
opened the door and looked out. Right outside the door Master stood with
a wicked smile on his face: "Stupid slut," he said in the most pleasant
of tones as he walked in, "it's about time I fucked that tight ass of
yours, don't you think?" It wasn't so much a question as an order and
Chloe acted accordingly. She quickly climbed onto the bed and positioned
herself on all fours. Wasting no time Master entered her from behind and
to Chloe's delight he fucked her long and hard. When he had come Chloe
relished in cleaning his cock, herself very surprised that she was so
pleased to see Master. Master seemed not to notice Chloe's somewhat
surprising devotion. Instead he busied himself with first checking that
her chastity device had not been tampered with. Once he had established
that it was untouched, he proceeded to put Chloe's hands in mittens and
to tie these off to her collar. Then he had her grovel at his feet,
declaring her devotion to him, before he punished her a bit on general
principles. 

Then he released Chloe's member. Chloe sighed with anticipation and
relief, as her cock instantly became rock hard. Using his trademark
touch he began manipulating her member until she was once again reduced
to a pleading and begging wreck. And again there was no sexual release
to be had. Her cock was slick with pre-cum when he finally removed his
hand, but Chloe was still desperately pleading for release, crying as
she realized than none would be granted. 

As Chloe sat sobbing on the floor someone knocked on the door. Chloe
stopped sobbing and began thinking about where best to hide, but Master
clearly had other plans. He ordered to sit still and went to open the
door. Chloe had her back to the door, but she heard how Master greeted
whoever was at the door as an old friend as he let him in. Chloe was
very surprised and humiliated at this, but she was smart enough not to
complain. Not that it would have done her any good because as soon as
her head turned up, she was forced to swallow a steady stream of piss
from first one man, then the other. When they had relieved themselves,
Chloe was once again placed on all fours and thoroughly fucked in both
ends. Whoever the other man was, he was almost as good as Master and his
frustrating manipulation of Chloe's member was masterful. By the time
she had been fucked at both ends by both men, Chloe was not only feeling
extremely frustrated, but also very well-fucked. 

Having no idea what came next, Chloe waited docilely on all fours on the
floor, her mind completely occupied by her overwhelming need to cum. But
again there would be no release. Instead she was once again mummified,
cocooned underneath many, many layers of thick, black rubber held in
place by a layer of duct tape. Once again her only connections to the
outside world were her breathing tube (also used for swallowing great
amounts of piss) and her throbbing and needy cock. As had been the case
one month ago, she was again held down by sturdy cargo straps and had
trouble even wriggling. It was just as it had been one month ago. The
two men played with her cock until she was almost out of her mind with
need, just like one month ago. In fact there was only on difference and
that was the presence of a huge vibrating dildo lodged in her ass. It
didn't make matters any better, but rather increased her already
desperate need. 

Again Chloe remained mummified from Friday night until Sunday morning,
her only contact with the outside world being the urine she was
regularly required to swallow and the constant and frustrating
manipulation of her poor cock. On Sunday morning her cock was again
locked inside it's steel prison causing Chloe to break down crying. She
was still sobbing when Master instructed her as she knelt on the floor
in front of him, her rubber bindings gone and her muscles once again
sore and stiff from their long confinement. Chloe had hoped that he
would set her free or at least grant her an orgasm, but she was sorely
disappointed. Instead her slavery deepened. Not only did she now have to
wear the chastity device, but also Master now demanded that she wear
very small rubber panties and very tight rubber stockings underneath her
regular clothes. And that wasn't the end of it. He also gave her a
large, vibrating butt-plug and demanded that she have it inserted at all
times, except when using the toilet. Finally Master gave her a list of
pornographic websites and demanded that she visit them every day. He
also instructed her to surf for porn for a minimum of three hours a day.
Again he made it clear that he had ways of checking her every move and
that he would punish any transgressions. Then he left her, instructing
her to be at the hotel in a month from now, dressed and ready to be
punished. 

After another round of despair Chloe realized that she had no other
options than to obey. She got up, undressed and took a shower before
pushing the vibrating butt-plug in place and putting on her rubber
panties and rubber stockings. 

Her life now became decidedly anti-social as she struggled to keep up
with Master's demands. Not only was three hours of porn surfing
time-consuming, but also the butt-plug embarrassed her to the extent
that she now shunned company. Firmly lodged in her ass and driving her
mad from lack of release, it's very faint humming sound meant that she
spent as little time as possible with other people unless the room was
noisy. Even in noisy rooms she now tended to shun others, as she felt
constantly embarrassed and exposed. The reason for this was her chastity
device. Entering the second month of enforced abstinence, while being
forced to watch intensely arousing images every day, Chloe now
experienced even the slightest touch from another human being as a
sexual thing. Even the touch of animals, the warm feeling of a dog
pressing against her leg, filled her with sexual fantasies. To combat
these feelings Chloe now stayed more and more at home. But at home she
was required to surf for porn for at least three hours every day. Since
she was now home without anything to do, the periods she spent in front
of the computer looking at porn increased dramatically, exceeding even
the three hours Master had ordered her to spend. This only fuelled her
unfulfilled desire, driving her further into intense sexual starvation.
Chloe now had to wear a sanitary napkin inside her rubber panties as
they filled up with pre-cum. 

At first Chloe had wanted to escape from Master's grip and had spent
hours thinking about how to do it, while still retaining her old life.
She had come up with no plan and now it didn't look like she would ever
come up with one. Now all she could think about was sex and how to
please Master so that he would allow her to cum. Thought of escape
evaporated along with many other daily thoughts. Her work suffered and
her colleagues looked strangely at her as she floated around on a cloud
of sexual frustration. 

After a month of this she again sat waiting docilely inside the door of
her hotel room, dressed from head to toe in tight rubber, some red but
most black. When Master knocked on the door Chloe's heart again leapt
with anticipation and she quickly let him in and dropped to the floor to
worship him. She could hear Master's derisive laughter and wondered what
he had in store for her this time. Chloe had expected the usual fucking
and here she wasn't disappointed, just as she had expected to have her
hands sealed inside mittens and tied to her collar. No surprises here.
But what Master did next was surprising. First he inserted a ring-gag
into her mouth and filled the hole in this with a rather long penis
shaped dildo, thus making sure she couldn't speak. Then he put a leash
on her chastity tube and led her out the door. Chloe whined behind her
gag and tried resisting, but a forceful tug on her cock-leash convinced
her that resistance was futile. So she followed Master into an empty
hallway and over to the elevators. There were no one in the elevator,
but Chloe somehow doubted that Master would have cared if it had been
full. He didn't seem the least bit embarrassed to be dragging a
rubber-bound TV-slut around by her chastised cock. 

The elevator came to a halt in the parking basement and Master led Chloe
to his car and dumped her into the trunk without another word. They
drove for a long time before the car finally came to halt and the trunk
was opened. Master pulled Chloe out of the trunk and again led her by
the leash. He led her right up to the front door of a gay S&M club Chloe
didn't even know existed. It was Friday night and there was a line of
rowdy and expectant people waiting to be let in. Master led Chloe right
past this line, passing so close that they could touch her. And touch
her they did. As Chloe walked past the line hands touched every inch of
her body and catcalls followed from those who couldn't reach her. When
he came to the front of the line Master turned to face it and said:
"This rubber TV will be available for use, free of charge, inside. She
will be available for use until Sunday morning." With that Master turned
around and led Chloe, who was too shocked to even resist, into the club.
The doorman greeted Master like an old acquaintance. 

As Master led Chloe through the club she attracted plenty of attention
and everywhere Master told people that she would be available for use
free of charge. Finally they came to a darkened room. Inside the room
there was nothing except a dim light bulb in the ceiling, a ring firmly
embedded in the floor and a chain secured to the ring. The walls and
floor were covered with cold, hard tile. At the end of the chain was a
steel cuff and Master now used it to chain Chloe to the floor, securing
the cuff around her right ankle. He forced her to stand on knees and
elbows since her hands were still attached to her collar and then he
removed the dildo from her mouth and addressed her: "If I hear any
complaints, any at all, about your lack of willingness, I swear that you
will be punished more severely than you can even imagine." This shut
Chloe up before she could even object and she meekly answered: "Master,
yes Master." It came out quite garbled because of the ring-gag, but
Master seemed satisfied that she had indeed understood. 

Then Master left her, not even saying goodbye. Chloe now waited on all
fours, her hands useless and her mouth and ass readily accessible,
completely defenseless. She didn't have to wait for long before her
first "customers" arrived and began abusing her. 

For the next almost two days Chloe was gang-banged almost constantly.
The constant fuckings were interrupted from time to time when some
imaginative master tortured her. It was relatively light for the most
part (Chloe thought Master might have told the customers not to damage
her permanently), but one of the masters did manage to make her scream
until she passed out as he fisted her very hard while brutally squeezing
her balls. 

There was a lull in the amount of attention she received on Saturday
morning, but word had apparently gotten around and she was never
completely alone in that whole period of time. There was always someone
present to fuck her or piss in her or on her. After a few hours Chloe
was covered in piss and cum and soon it stung her eyes, making her cry.
She was constantly swallowing either piss or semen and pretty soon she
had to relieve herself. Since no one would let her take a break she was
in the end forced to pee on the floor. No one seemed to mind, but a few
laughed at her lack of self-control. 

The whole period inside the darkened, tile covered room was one long
nightmare of unending and merciless fuckings. It had long been one of
Chloe's darkest sexual fantasies and she cried that her cock should be
locked away now the she was almost bursting with arousal. 

By the end of the first night Chloe was very sore and tender in her
mouth and in her ass. By Saturday night every touch in those places made
her scream and by Sunday morning she doubted that she would ever be able
to walk or talk again. It was so painful that moving or even screaming
caused her more pain. When Master came for her on Sunday morning Chloe
cried with relief. 

Master on the other hand seemed completely indifferent to her and simply
ordered her up so that she could follow him out to the car. Just walking
made her scream in pain and she was completely spent when he closed the
trunk, sealing her in silent darkness. Chloe managed to sleep in the
trunk, but she felt far from rested as he pulled her out and led her to
her hotel room. 

Once inside Master gave her new orders before again leaving her. If it
hadn't been for her by now paralyzing fear of what Master would do if
she disobeyed, Chloe would simply have collapsed on the floor. Now she
was able to shower and check out of the hotel dressed according to
Master's new orders. Her butt-plug had been increased in size, to the
point where every step was a struggle not to waddle helplessly and her
rubber panties and rubber stockings had been replaced by a full-body
rubber suit leaving only her head and hands free. The suit was to be
worn at all times. Furthermore the amount of time she now had to spend
watching porn had been increased to at least five hours a day. Whatever
little social-life she had left she could now wave goodbye to. 




Chapter 3: Chloe gets what she really wanted Master's new instruction
for Chloe proved much worse than she had imagined. Her social life was
now reduced to the contact she had with her colleagues at work and since
Chloe's behavior had grown more and more strange during the months she
had been Master's slave, even this contact was weak. 

After work she rushed home to receive Master's orders. He hadn't given
her a date for their next meeting, but instead he began giving her
increasingly stringent orders via mail on how to run her life. Not only
did she now have to wear the rubber suit all day and make sure that the
monster dildo was firmly lodged in her ass, endlessly vibrating away.
Now she had to dress in her rubber costume, complete with corset, heels,
hood and gag the minute she came home. This meant that she now
constantly pranced around in her most feminine and sexy outfit,
something that did nothing to cool her already overheated sex-drive. It
also prevented her from going out once the door had closed behind her at
night. Since she had to wear a gag almost constantly and because Master
gave very specific instruction about it, her eating habits changed as
well. She now only used plates, knives and forks at work. At home she
got all her nutrition from a thick, viscous porridge-like substance she
cooked from various vegetables once a week. Once the vegetables had been
cooked for far too long, she had to run it through the food processor,
reducing it to mush. The gag she had to wear all the time was a ball-gag
with a small hole in the center of the ball. Chloe ate by sucking up the
mush through a straw inserted into her gag and since Master had decreed
that she could only use a chair while at work or while sitting in front
of the computer surfing for porn, Chloe now ate all her meals kneeling
in front of her doggy-bowl on the kitchen floor. 

None of it seemed very strange to Chloe anymore and she hardly ever
thought of escape. If anything seemed strange to her it was the show she
had to put on every day at work. Her mind was now constantly occupied
with thought of how best to please Master so that she might be allowed
to cum. There wasn't a single moment, night or day, when she didn't
think about release and her sensitivity to touch had reached new and
ridiculous heights. Even the act of wiping her ass with toilet paper was
now in her mind a sexual thing. At first the full-body rubber suit she
had to wear underneath her regular clothes helped by numbing the
sensation of touch somewhat. But this soon passed as the feel of the
rubber itself became increasingly sensual to her. Chloe had reached the
point where she had to restrain herself from moaning out loud when
strangers accidentally brushed against her in the street. 

At night, after consuming her liquid meal, she sat in front of the
computer surfing endlessly for porn. A sizable portion of her income was
now used to pay for her porn surfing. 

Two months went by like that, but still there was no word form Master on
when they should meet again. Chloe was desperate. She so wanted to show
Master what a good slut she had become and how much she deserved to be
allowed to cum. One more month passed and it did nothing to alleviate
her desperation, but gradually she was getting more and more used to the
idea that as mere slave she had no say whatsoever in what happened to
her. Master would know what was best. 

After four months Chloe got fired. Her work had suffered badly from her
constant sexual daydreaming and it came as no real surprise to anyone,
least of all Chloe. The goodbye was awkward since Chloe had become so
odd during the last couple of months. Chloe wasn't sad about it. In fact
all she could think about was getting home and sit at the computer, at
Master's disposal. Chloe of course wrote a mail informing Master that
she had been fired and Master replied promptly. It was as if he had
waited for this all along and had plans ready for it. He ordered her to
get rid of all that she owned, except her computer, her rubber outfits
and one set of regular clothes and to cancel the lease on her apartment.
Once Chloe had done this she would receive further instructions. 

Even in her feverish state of permanent sexual arousal and constant need
to obey, Chloe recognized that this meant that something truly
irreversible was about to happen. So far all that had happened to her,
no matter how humiliating and painful, had been reversible. Chloe had
been pushed very far, but still, if she had really wanted to, she would
have been able to break free from Master's grip. But now she clearly
recognized that if she followed Master's instruction to the letter the
result would most probably be her permanent and inescapable slavery to
Master. In all likelihood there would be no going back after this. 

Chloe thought about it for a short while, but of course she never really
had any choice. She had to obey Master. Besides, it was impossible for
her to deny that the thought of permanent slavery turned her on more
than almost anything else. 

This meant that there was no hesitation as Chloe sold all her
possessions and told her landlady that she would no longer need the
apartment by the end of the month. She managed to get all of this done
in less than a week and proudly sat down in front of the computer in her
now empty apartment to write to Master. Her apartment was so empty that
she slept on the bare floor wrapped in rubber sheets; her life reduced
to endless sexual hunger and need for obedience. 

Master's reply was not long coming. It instructed her to be check in to
a hotel carrying all her belongings and all her money the next Friday.
Master's mail made it quite clear that she would not be coming back.
Chloe's heart pounded with anticipation as she read this. She was
already impatient. 

When the day arrived Chloe meticulously cleaned her apartment, put the
key in an envelope and slipped it through her landlady's mail slot. Then
she took her belongings and left. All she now owned was held in two
bags: a case holding her notebook PC, her identity papers and her
savings and a bag holding her rubber clothing. 

As soon as she had checked in to the hotel and closed the door behind
her, she quickly changed into her rubber costume: full-body suit made of
black rubber covered by a red corset, red rubber, opera gloves, rubber
hood leaving only her gagged mouth, nostrils and eyes exposed and
finally a pair of red stilettos with seven-inch heels. As she knelt down
behind the door, she could feel her heart pound with anticipation. This
time Master was a long time coming. Chloe waited behind the door for
several hours and she began to fear that she had been tricked when he
finally knocked on the door. Chloe leapt up and opened the door to let
Master in. Although it had been months since she had seen him last, he
hadn't changed a bit. He looked his same old cruel self. This was
confirmed when he started out by slapping her face so hard that she fell
down: "Stupid slut," he sneered at her, "you're really in it now, aren't
you?" Chloe felt the cold hand of fear grip her. What was he going to do
to her? At the same time she felt enormously aroused by his words. This
was the kind of brutal and merciless treatment she had been craving for
so long. No matter what he was going to do to her Chloe was sure that it
would be painful, humiliating and demeaning and she now realized that
this was exactly what she needed. 

As she tried to kneel in front of him to show her submission, he flipped
her over onto her stomach and took her in what was the most brutal
fucking Chloe had ever experienced. It was as if each of his strokes
were meant to punish her, to pound and to tear her. It only made it more
arousing for Chloe. Her long months of quiet and repressed slavery and
abstinence had convinced that she needed to be punished, that Master had
the right to do exactly as he pleased with her, no matter how brutal it
would turn out to be. 

Master fucked Chloe for an unusually long time and Chloe was getting
tired from the pounding when he finally pulled out. Her cock strained
for attention and she desperately wanted to plead for release, but
decided to wait until she had cleaned his cock; a task she performed
with relish. The cleaning complete she begged Master, pleaded for him to
grant her an orgasm, but her request was met by derisive laughter.
Master still chuckled as he gagged his sobbing slave and used an
armbinder to trap her hands behind her back. Then he pulled her to her
feet, attached a leash to her chastity tube and led her out of the door,
taking her possessions with him as he closed the door behind him. He
offered no explanation as to what was going to happen to Chloe and she
couldn't ask him. She didn't resist him either and docilely let him lead
her into the parking basement, where he promptly threw her into the
trunk of his car. The ride was uneventful and Chloe was not surprised
when he pulled her out of the trunk and led her into the same gay
S&M-club she had been gangbanged in before. 

This time Master didn't stop next to the line of people waiting to get
in. He simply dragged her into the club and straight into the toilet.
Here, next to the urinals, was a thick steel plate with a truly
monstrous dildo mounted in the center. The tip of the dildo had a little
hole in it and Chloe instantly began to get a bad feeling about this
dildo. Her fears proved well founded as Master removed her butt-plug,
greased up the monster-dildo and pushed her down on it. Chloe was
convinced it was far too big. It felt like she was going to split in two
and she screamed as the tip entered her, but there was no way around it
and slowly, painfully she was pushed down the length of it's monster
shaft until her butt-cheeks met the metal plate it was mounted on.
Chloe's screams had died as she struggled to breathe, struggled to
convince herself that she wasn't going to die from the brutal intrusion.

While Chloe struggled to adapt to the intrusion in her ass, Master tied
her legs. First he used straps to fuse her calves to her thighs and then
he used heavy straps to secure her legs to her body, making it look like
Chloe was sitting in a very painful squat. The straps also made sure
that her arms were now fused with her body. Then he took a strange strap
and placed it over her eyes and forehead, pulled her head back until she
looked straight up and finally secured it to the metal plate, insuring
that Chloe's head could not be moved and that she could only look
straight up. The strap was strange because it had holes for her eyes so
that she could still see. Then he removed her gag and inserted a very
large glass funnel into her mouth, making sure that Chloe could not
remove it by leading a strap behind her head and fastening it to eyelets
in the funnel. Finally he pulled a condom of sorts over Chloe's
chastised member. The condom had a tube in the other end, a tube that
ran into the nearest drain. 

Then he addressed Chloe: "You are now a urinal. I have always thought
that this was the ideal position for you, so I made arrangements with
the club to install you." Chloe whined with fear as she began to realize
what was about to happen. Master continued: "I have put signs up on the
other urinals telling people that they are closed for repairs. You are
the only urinal in the club this weekend." As he turned to leave he
said: "Did I mention that this weekend is the annual beer festival, an
extremely popular event in this club? Have fun." Chloe screamed as
Master left the room, leaving her as the only functioning urinal in the
building. 

The first guy to use her got a bit of shock as he realized that the
urinal was looking at him with pleading, desperate eyes. Chloe could
look up at the people pissing down her throat by looking up through the
side of the glass funnel. In fact Chloe could look nowhere else but up.
She did have the option of closing her eyes, but what good would it do
her? With her eyes open she could at least try to plead for mercy from
whoever used her mouth. But mercy was not prevalent among the men
pissing into her wide-open mouth. Rather the sight of a rubber-bound TV
with her mouth open just waiting to swallow their piss, turned most of
the guys on something awful. Once word got around that Chloe was the new
urinal, sales at the bar skyrocketed. During the whole night and well
into the morning Chloe had at least two guys pissing down her throat at
a time, all the time. She barely had time to breathe and after a couple
of hours she was bloated from all the urine she had to swallow. As the
night progressed her bladder reached a state where she had to pee
constantly. 

Chloe tried screaming, crying and begging, but all were very hard with a
funnel pressed almost down into your throat. Besides, it probably did
her more harm than good, since it seemed to turn people on. Chloe was
desperate, but there was no pause until early Saturday morning when most
of the customers had gone home. Not everyone had left the club and Chloe
still had a steady stream of customers and piss coming to her during the
day, but at least there were breaks of several minutes and sometime as
much as half-n-hour. 

This gave Chloe some time to think and her thoughts disturbed her
enormously. When she took stock of her hopeless situation, Chloe found
that she liked it. In fact she loved it. She loved being forced to drink
piss, she loved being held in inescapable bondage and she loved that she
was now Masters complete plaything, a mere object. Her own liking for
the situation scared Chloe badly because it meant, combined with
Master's brutal treatment of her, that she would in all likelihood be
spending a great deal of her life doing this: swallowing piss. These
thoughts scared Chloe badly, but they also excited her. 

As before her mind was filled with the need to cum. It was now more than
six months since she had had her last orgasm and most of that time had
been spent in intense arousal. Again she was filled with an overpowering
need to cum, with an overpowering need to obey so that she could be
allowed to cum. As Saturday night and the beer festival continued Chloe
whimpered with need as her cock strained against it's prison, but there
was no one who wanted to hear about the needs of a mere urinal. Urinals
are made to be pissed in, nothing else, no matter how pleading their
eyes may look. 

Saturday night was yet another nightmare of unfulfilled lust combined
with the ever-present fear of drowning in all the urine that was
deposited in her mouth. Saturday proved to be even worse than Friday and
sometimes six guys or more pissed into her gaping and receptive mouth.
Chloe spent the whole night and most of the early morning in a state of
near panic as she tried to keep up with the flow. Her stomach was now
visibly bloated from all the disgusting liquid and Chloe had lost all
bladder control as the urine just ran out of her in a steady stream. To
make matters worse, her arms and legs had begun to suffer from the long
hours spent in the cramped position. On Saturday morning they had hurt,
but that hurt was now replaced by a deep, burning ache and Chloe feared
that if she wasn't set free soon her arms and legs would suffer
permanent damage. She cried with relief as the number of people began to
dwindle and she knew that Sunday morning had come. If things were as
they had been before Master would soon come to release her from this
position. She was sure that she would be used for something equally
painful and humiliating, but she didn't care. As long as she was
released from this position. Not only could she feel that she was close
to damaging her limbs, but she just couldn't swallow any more piss. It
had become too much. 

But Sunday morning came and went without any sight of Master and as the
number of people picked up on Sunday night with still no sight of
Master, Chloe had been reduced to a panicky whining. That is, whenever
she didn't have her mouth full of urine. On Monday afternoon Chloe had
some sort of panic attack, briefly blacking out as she realized that
Master might not come to release her at all and she lost her sense of
time. All she knew now was that she had been in her present cramped
position for days without any hope of release. By now even the dull,
burning ache had disappeared from her arms and legs and Chloe feared
that she might never be able to use them properly again. 

Chloe stayed in her horrible position as a urinal until Thursday night.
She had lost all hope when suddenly she recognized Master's face through
the stream of piss he released down her throat. There was no one else in
the bathroom and after closing his fly, Master addressed Chloe: "Chloe,
you filthy slave-slut, I believe you have finally reached your proper
station in life." Hearing this Chloe knew what was in store for her and
she began sobbing as Master continued: "I'm going to turn you
permanently and irreversibly into a urinal. Believe me, it's for your
own good. It is definitely the best thing that can happen to you." With
those words, accompanied by Chloe's hopeless whining, Master poured a
tasteless liquid down her throat and soon thereafter Chloe lost
consciousness. 

When she woke up, she was in a hospital bed, unable to move. The first
person she laid eyes on when she woke up as Master, so she knew that she
had not been rescued, especially since it seemed that the world had been
turned upside-down. As she adjusted to the surroundings she realized
that Master's idea of how to turn a TV-slave into a urinal was far more
drastic than she had realized. Both her arms and her legs were gone and
as she tried opening her mouth to scream, she got two more nasty
surprises: Her mouth was now permanently opened as much as possible and
she no longer had any voice. Also she realized the reason that she was
seeing things upside down. It was because her head had been bent
backwards and fixed in this position. She hardly had any movement left
to her. She descended into a complete hysterical blackout. 

When she finally came out of her blackout Master was still beside her.
Speaking in deceptively friendly and reasonable tones he informed her
that her arms and legs had been too damaged for her to keep them and, as
was the case with her vocal cords, she wouldn't need them anyway. The
rest of the changes were necessary for her to function properly as a
urinal. He also told her that she had been kept sedated until her wounds
had healed so that she was now ready to assume her proper position in
life. With that he lifted her out of the bed and carried her away. Chloe
cried hopelessly, but her crying stopped as she felt Master's hand on
her cock. She no longer wore the hated chastity device! Maybe Master
would allow her to cum at last. But as before she was disappointed.
Master just played with her member, again and again denying her release
and Chloe was again crying as Master dumped her into the trunk of his
car. 

He took her to the same club as before and here the preparations for her
arrival were in place. A giant dildo had been mounted in the floor and
Chloe was now pressed down over it. It was even larger that the one she
had thought would split her in two and again she was convinced it would
kill her. Of course she had no such luck and soon her butt-cheeks
touched the floor as she sat gasping for air. To make absolutely sure
she couldn't move four steel rods were now inserted into holes in the
floor. The rods were placed so that they pressed against her body,
forming a kind of cage. Then steel bands were wrapped around her body
and around the steel rods, insuring that Chloe was inescapably strapped
to the rods and thus to the floor. A thick rubber hood was then pulled
over her head, which was now completely bald, as was the rest of her
body. The hood had openings for her eyes, mouth and nostrils, but over
the eyeholes were pieces of clear plastic. Then tubes were inserted into
her nostrils and down into her lungs, so that she would be able to
breathe at all times. Chloe now expected to funnel to be inserted into
her mouth, but first came a truly fiendish catheter pushed up her
urinary track, making her squirm with discomfort. Then her cock, which
was still embarrassingly erect, was strapped to her body, which was then
wrapped in thick black rubber. Chloe was now covered almost completely
in thick, black rubber. Finally came the dreaded funnel, irrevocably
reducing her to a urinal, a mere object. This funnel was bigger than the
one that had been in her mouth the last time and the way in which it was
secured was different too. Now the funnel was simply shoved down her
throat and twisted a half turn. Modifications made to her jaw, which was
now devoid of teeth, and matching grooves in the glass funnel made up a
lock, securing the funnel in Chloe's throat. 

Chloe knew that her fate was now sealed and tears ran soundlessly from
her eyes as she saw Master pull out his member to be the first one to
piss in the new urinal: "Well Chloe, finally you have become what you
always wanted to be: a stinking toilet. Congratulations." Then he let go
and acrid piss streamed into her upturned and eternally waiting mouth. 




Epilogue: For the rest of her life It had been years since Master was
the first one to use Chloe in her capacity as a urinal, but he had by no
means been the last. Chloe had become somewhat of an attraction at the
club. So much so that two months after installing Chloe, the management
had removed all the other urinals at the club. The customers simply
preferred pissing down into Chloe's mouth as opposed to a regular
urinal. Her presence had also increased the sales of beer and other
types of alcohol with a diuretic effect. Beer festivals had become a
monthly event instead of an annual event. Chloe's presence had also
sparked other activities in the toilet. Many guys were greatly aroused
by the sight of the armless, legless and hopelessly objectified,
rubber-bound TV, and apart from the increasing number of people fucking
while looking at her; she now also attracted guys jacking off into her
permanently open mouth. Some nights Chloe attracted a whole bunch of
guys standing in a circle, jerking off into her mouth. 

But mostly Chloe's life was an endless stream of piss filling her until
she felt like she was going to burst. It was especially bad during the
weekend, but there was a steady stream of people during the weeks as
well. Business slacked off during the daytime hours and the toilet was
cleaned everyday while the number of people in the club was low. The
cleaner, an elderly Chinese-looking man who never spoke to her, removed
the rubber covering Chloe and washed it. He also washed Chloe with a
cold, hard water jet. Then he checked that her catheter was in order,
but he only replaced it once a week. As he checked the catheter, he
never missed a chance to play with Chloe's erect cock. Chloe's libido
was still as strong as ever, perhaps even stronger than when she had
been installed, and she was still only allowed to cum when Master said
so. This meant that each day for a full hour, she had no choice put to
put up with the cruel torture of the elderly cleaner. Chloe cried and
her body trembled with unfulfilled desire, but she could no longer
object and trembling was about a much resistance she was capable of now.

When he was through playing with her cock, a task he obviously enjoyed,
he once again strapped it to Chloe's body and wrapped her in rubber,
sealing her off from the rest of the world. Then he threw fresh new
pellets into the newly cleaned urinal and left. The pellets looked and
smelled just like the pellets that are thrown into regular urinals to
prevent them from smelling so badly. Apart from the urine itself they
were Chloe's only source of nourishment. They rested on a grille at the
bottom of the funnel where they were gradually dissolved by the piss and
ran down into Chloe's mouth. They were not an improvement on the already
horrible taste of urine, but the provided two vital functions for the
urinal: they prevented her from smelling badly and provided her with the
nourishment she needed to survive. 

A doctor had checked on Chloe recently and declared that she could live
for at least another fifteen years functioning as a urinal. When Chloe
had heard the doctor she had trembled with desperation and lust. She
knew that she was never going to be released. By her own count she had
been a urinal for five years now, but it might have been longer. Her
sense of time was extremely fuzzy. 

Chloe's world had shrunk down to almost nothing. She could only look
straight up and see the people pissing down in her mouth and the ceiling
beyond them. Her rubber hood even robbed her of her peripheral vision
and the cleaner meticulously taped her eyes shut when he removed her
rubbers. She lived only to swallow urine and provide arousal to others. 

Not that it bothered Chloe anymore. After a short initial period of
intense desperation Chloe had come to realize that being turned into a
urinal, a mere object, was the best thing that could have happened to
her. Although filled with a constant and almost paralyzing fear of being
inadequate as a urinal, the hopelessness, helplessness and complete and
utter submission in her situation aroused her more than she could ever
express. Or rather would have been able to express if she had had the
ability to do so. She felt deep affection for Master for being so good
and kind as to not only recognize this, but to actually do it to her 

And finally Chloe knew she was special to Master. He came to see her
regularly and the first weekend of each moth was special. Very special.
On the first Saturday of each month Master came to the club, usually
accompanied by his newest little slave boy or sissy. He always started
by releasing a long stream of piss into Chloe's mouth and she relished
every drop. Then he would have his newest possession piss into Chloe as
well, so that she could see that they were properly chastised. Their
faces always revealed that Master absolutely did not allow them to cum.
The all looked at Chloe with a mixture of horror and envy and none of
them were with Master for long. Master told her that he sold them to
wealthy men both in the country and abroad and always the slaves looked
desperate when he said this. 

Master's new slaves looked at Chloe with envy because Master allowed her
to cum. Once a month, on Saturday night, a small crowd would gather in
the toilet to see Master play with his possession. He would take out her
member, yank the catheter out and begin to gently manipulate Chloe's
member. As always it drove her absolutely wild and he enjoyed keeping
her on the edge for hours at a time. While he did this people would
still use Chloe and soon the taste of piss, the feeling of swallowing
the disgusting liquid, was inextricably linked with the feeling of
intense pleasure, further intensifying her commitment to Master and
plunging her deeper into absolute submission. 

Eventually, just as Chloe thought that Master would deny her the orgasm
after all, he would grant her release. Most of the time using his
skilled hands, but sometimes but rubbing her cock against the floor with
his shoe or by letting his new slave trample Chloe's member with his or
her stiletto shoe. The end result was always the same as Chloe exploded
in a truly massive orgasm, her whole body shuddering as her semen
covered a large part of the floor. Afterwards, as Master's new slave
licked the floor clean, Chloe would be filled with affection for this
unbelievably cruel man who had turned her into just another filthy
urinal. Chloe knew that she owed everything to this man and she loved
him deeply. Master had known that she was nothing but a dirty,
piss-loving whore and he had done to her that which she deep down inside
had wanted most. Chloe, who would never leave the toilet and whose life
consisted in swallowing piss, was happy and grateful. She loved Master. 

THE END 2NN 

Drop me a line at story_2nn@yahoo.com and tell me what you liked or
disliked about the story. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





