BDSM Library - Mistress Natasha




Mistress Natasha
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A married male sub has his first session with a professional dominatrix
The soft black and chrome leather bustier pushed Natasha's breasts upward to
astonishing heights; the mounds of soft flesh trembled with every step that she
took. John sucked in a deep breath as she walked towards him. She was truely a
Goddess. Her legs were on display in black thigh high vinyl boots, the heels of
which had to be at least 6 inches high and devilishly pointed. This caused John
to tremble. How did she know about my shoe fetish he thought as he admired her

Her skin was delicate and pale contrasting sharply with the dark clothing. Her
hair was pulled into a high tight ponytail that trailed down her back. Her
eyebrows had been plucked to a perfected arch; her makeup expertly applied to
accentuate her high cheekbones, dark eyes, and full mouth. He had never seen her
look sexier.

Her lips were painted fire engine red as her were her long slender fingernails
and he watched, enthralled, as she ran her tongue around her plump lips with a
look of pure hunger. In her right hand she carried a black riding crop that she
was softly tapping against her milky upper thigh, leaving slight red lines on
her skin.

His cock was hard as a rock now and pointed proudly toward the ceiling. He was
cuffed to a frame in the middle of the room, naked, the harsh leather of the
cuffs biting into his flesh. He waited to do the bidding of this, his new
mistress.

John had known Natasha for a quite some time; when he first met her he thought
that she pretty straight laced, looking like an old time school madam. Never in
his wildest dreams could he have imagined this.

He and his wife Kate had been exploring the world of bondage and submission for
some time, with John becoming a slave to his Mistress wife Kate. Natasha was
someone that they met whilst on their journey. John had always been enthralled
by her beauty and elegance whilst Kate had been attracted to her sexually right
from the start.

Mistress Kate had organised for John to visit Natasha at her house, where she
played the role of professional Dominatrix.

Come in, Natasha said. As she closed the front door she commanded, I want you to
undress and kneel here in front of me. She then sat in a high backed chair
whilst John knelt on the bare floorboards in front of her. Keep your head bowed,
address me as Mistress and do not look at me. Do you understand? John replied,
yes Mistress.

The two of them were by the front door whilst Natasha quizzed John about his
likes and dislikes and about his wildest fantasies. He couldn't disguise his
arousal at discussing his most intimate thoughts and secrets with her. Natasha
had laughed gently as she reached down and grabbed his hardening dick and balls
in one hand. As she squeed them she said I promise you, you'll do things for me
that you never imagined you would do for another woman. Whilst I will not
replace your wife, you will come to want me almost as much as you want her.

Natasha then had leaned over and whispered in his ear detailed instructions. Do
as I command and you will be rewarded beyond your wildest dreams, disobey me and
you will be punished severely she said as she squeezed his cock and balls with
ferocious intensity. He fought back his guilt at being with her in the first
place and concentrated on the wonderful feelings she was bringing to his
manhood. John was deeply in love with his wife and totally devoted to her as a
husband and a slave. But kneeling here in front of Natasha, being controlled and
dominated by her like this. He knew that he had never wanted anyone as bad as he
wanted her and that he would endure any pain that she gave him and do whatever
she asked of him just for the chance of pleasing her and being rewarded. Now
crawl and enter my dungeon if you are prepared to submit to me totally Natasha
commanded. 

He obeyed quickly. He got on all fours from where they were sitting and crawled
into the room just down the corridor. He had entered a room with a giant frame
in the middle and lined with all manner of bondage toys, floggers, whips and
restraints. Natasha ordered him to stand. He did as he was told, she then cuffed
him tightly to the frame. There he waited for what ever Mistress Natasha wanted
to do to him. Afraid but at the same time incredibly turned on.

She blind folded him and proceeded to run her soft hands gently all over his
body. As her hands drew nearer to his engorged cock a drop of precum slid down
the head of his cock. She came and pressed herself against him, then cupping his
balls in one hand roughly. She then placed a leather cock ring around both his
cock and balls. She leaned in and bit him sharply on the neck. His breath caught
and his eyes watered at the sudden pain. She stepped away and whack! John felt
the incredible pain of her riding crop landing on his arse. Whack! Whack! Whack!
Again and again she hit him. He let out a loud cry. Silence you worthless excuse
for a man. Mistress Natasha then inserted a ball gag into his mouth and
proceeded to flog him again and again.

John let out a few muffled moans but could not get much sound past the ball gag.
That's better said Mistress Natasha. I hate listening to whining, snivelling
slaves and she proceeded to beat John harder. She stopped momentarliy and ran
her hands over the welts and his back and arse. Excellent she exclaimed,
whenever you sit down or look in the mirror for the next few days, I'm sure
you'll think of me as you wear my mark.

Natasha just laughed. She reached around and undid the restraints that were
holding him captive. Get down on your knees! she commanded.

John quickly dropped to the ground and looked up at her lust clouding his eyes.
Mistress Natasha slapped him hard across the face. I told you not to look at me.
She lifted one booted foot and settled it onto his shoulder; her heel dug into
his tender flesh. She then removed the gag. Lick my boots slave, show me how you
worship a woman, Natash ordered. John proceeded to lick her boots from the tip
of the heel to the point of the toe and then up to the very edge of her glorious
soft creamy thighs. As he reached the top of her thigh high boots her could
smell the intoxicating aroma of her beautiful pussy. John then moved onto the
second boot and again used his tongue to lick and clean the emblems of Natasha's
power and of his submission. After several minutes of this Mistress Natasha
placed her crop under his chin and forced John back onto his knees. Now show me
what else you can do with your worthless tongue she said, grabbing the back of
his head, she pulled his face into her scantily clad pussy.

He inhaled the scent of her deeply and pressed a kiss to her most intimate spot
through the material of her panties. Pull my underwear down and eat my pussy,
you worthless cunt! she demanded and smacked his back hard with her crop.

John hurriedly did as he was told, burying his face into her naked, bald cunt.
She was delicious, her sex was hot and wet, and the smell was intoxicating and
incredibly sweet. His tongue moved over her fevered flesh, digging its way deep
into her slit, sliding back and forth over her hardened clit, and poking its way
into her tight love hole.

He looked up at her as he was doing this and watched as her beautiful eyes
rolled to the back of her head. Her head lolled backwards and a loud moan
escaped her lips. She clamped his head against her cunt and again moaned softly,
bucking her slender hips into his face.

As she bucked against his face he continued to eat her pussy, licking and
teasing her tender flesh. That's it you worthless cunt, eat me, eat your
Mistress, Natasha screamed as she had her first orgasm. Fuck me with your finger
as you eat me, Natash ordered. He gently inserted one finger into her well-lubed
vagina and began finger fucking her with it slowly and evenly, concentrating his
mouth on her clit. Soon she was coming again, an incredible orgasm wracking her
body and she screamed out yes, yes! fuck me with your finger, eat my cunt! make
me cum. A steady stream of cunt juice ran into Johns waiting mouth as she
climaxed against him.

Suddenly Natasha pushed him away onto the floor. Her breats heaving and he
breathing coming in short rapid breaths. Once she had caught her breath and was
able to speak normally, she gave her next directive.

Get on the table and lay on your back, she sneered down at him, and again he did
as he was told. She then blind folded him and secured him to the table with
ropes so that he could not move. Lifting his legs she inserted a large plug into
his arse and hung several heavy weights from it. You had better keep that plug
in there, she commanded. Carefully she stepped up onto his torso, the thin
needles of her heels cruelly grinding into his soft skin. Everywhere she stepped
brought more pain but, the more she did that, the more he realized that he had
really liked that.

Sharp stabs over his abdomen, chest, and thighs, soon blurred together and he
was in ecstasy as he felt her use and trample him this way. She then put the
heel of one shoe into his mouth. Suck it, just like a cock, suck it good, show
me good little cock sucker you are, she purred to him.

He did as she said and began sucking the heel of her boot in and out of his
mouth slowly and sensuously. In his mind he imagined that he was on his knees
before her sucking her strapon cock as she told him that this was where he
belonged, on his knees sucking a cock like a little sissy. She was soon fucking
his face with her foot. This was making him even harder and harder and he could
only think about cumming. He needed that sweet release.

His cock stood straight up, harder than it had ever been in his life. Suddenly
just at the right moment Mistress Natasha lowered herself down over his bulging
member, engulfing it in her tight, wet pussy in one lunge. He almost came then
and there at the sudden surprise and warmth of her cunt surrounding his cock.

She started gyrating her hips on top of him creating the most delicious
sensations radiating from his cock outward. Her pussy was so soft and yet tight,
he felt as if he was sinking into the finest velvet. Desperately he wanted to
thrust up into her. To fuck her with all the lust and passion that he felt, that
she had instilled in him. But he was immobilised, unable to move.

This is the only thing that a worthless slave like you is good for said Natasha.
Providing pleasure for his Mistress. Your nothing but a tongue and a cock for a
strong women to use as she desire she exclaimed asd she starated riding him
harder and faster.

Oh yes she said. Yes! Fuck I love to ride a cock. I love taking a cock the way I
want when I want. Fucking myself. Taking care of my own desires.

Oh Mistress! John says, I want to cum, please let me cum.

As she continues to ride him, Natasha suddenly slaps him and says, shut the fuck
up, I don't care what you want.

Suddenly she screams, louder than she has screamed before. Ahhh; Oh fuck. Yes!
Yes! Yes! she sreams as she comes harder than ever before.

As her orgasm subsides Mistress Natasha catches her breath and climbs imbs off
of him abruptly and stands. Untying him Mistress Natasha tells John to get
dressed and go home. If there is a next time you will have to try harder to
please me, you useless slave she says. If you try harder and manage to please
me, maybe I'll let you expereince a little plasure of your own she sneers as she
walks from the room.

John gets dressed and goes home to his wife, Mistress Kate. He didn't say
anything and she didn't ask how things went. He was glad about that because he
would have had to say that he had one of the most intense and erotic experiences
of his life and couldn't wait for more.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Maid Evie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





