BDSM Library - From a Husband to a Housekeeper




From a Husband to a Housekeeper
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I am changed from a husband to a sissy slave by my wife and her new man.  I wind up as a maid in his house.
     This story is intended for the reading enjoyment of adults and is thr fruit
of my own imagination.  Please send any comments to 4playd@comcast.net.  I Love
hearing from you.               


                            From A Husband To A Housekeeper
				Written by 4play 

     Home alone on a Friday evening, I was waiting for my wife to come home from
work.  She was a couple of hours late by now and I was getting worried.  She had
worked late quite often lately, but had never been this late.  She was a 29 year
old lawyer and headed for a partnership in a fairly prominent law firm.  She had
to work hard to achieve her goal, but it irritated me that she wasn't home to
make supper when I got home.  Sure my job at the auto parts store ended promptly
at 5, and she was making a lot more money than I was, but she was still my wife.
I sipped my beer and seethed at her disregard of my feelings.  She was a very
strong willed woman and I think one of the reasons she married me was that I
always treated her with respect.  Over our five years of marriage she made all
the decisions and I went along with whatever she wanted. Whenever I tried to
tell her that I disagreed with her, she would remind me that she had a degree
and I had a mere G.E.D. She knew how to twist that knife to her advantage.  That
she always got her way didn't keep me from feeling resentful.  I was the man and
she should listen to me.

     Just as I reached for the phone to call her office, Mary walked in the
front door accompanied by a big black man.  I asked her, " Where have you been?
I was getting worried."  Before she could respond I asked, " What is that nigger
doing in our home?"  Mary smiled and told me," This is Jacob, he is my lover
dear."  Jacob strode over to me and slapped me hard across the face three times
before I could even bring up my hands to defend myself.  I stood there stunned
with tears running down my cheeks.  He told Mary, " You were right dear, your
husband is a pussy." Mary just smiled an evil grin.

     Jacob was at least 6'2" and very muscular and looked like a giant compared
to my slight 5'6" body.  He told me, " Strip off your clothes boy."  I was
shocked, nobody has ever talked to me like that, and I certainly had no
intention of getting naked in front of this bully. He smiled at me and said, "
Your choice boy, either you strip or I will beat you unconscious and strip you
myself." I looked to Mary for her to intercede, but she just told me, " You'd
better obey dear, for your own sake."  I looked at his fists and unbuttoned my
shirt and dropped it to the floor.  He nodded his approval and told me,
"Everything off boy."  I bent down and untied my shoes and removed them as well
as my socks.  I looked up at him, my eyes pleading for mercy, but saw only a
stern face.  He was clearly determined to humiliate me in front of my wife. 
Mary was enjoying this scene.  I unzipped my pants and let the fall to the floor
and stepped out of them.  Now only wearing my briefs, I begged Jacob, " Please
sir, don't make me do this," He slapped me again and warned me, " You will learn
to obey me without hesitation or pay the penalty."  I meekly replied, " Yes
sir." and slid my briefs down and stood naked before them.  Jacob let out a
hearty laugh when he saw my nude body."  He asked Mary, " How did you stand
being married to that pitiful thing?"  She answered, " I thought he was cute
honey, and he was very compliant to my wishes."  Jacob responded by saying, "
And soon he will be compliant to mine also."        Jacob told me, " This is how
things are going to be from now on boy.  Mary is now my lover and you will be
permitted to stay on as our servant if you are obedient.  She is moving into my
house and you can either shift for yourself or come along as our maid."  I
looked over at Mary and she was nodding at me.  She told me, " I still love you
dear, but Jacob turns me on like you never could.  Be a dear and just go along
with things for me. It would make me so happy if you could adapt a bit."  All of
this took me by surprise, they had planned all of this without me suspecting a
thing.  He asked me, " What is your decision boy, or should I say girl?"  I knew
I couldn't live without Mary, she had all of the money and I felt trapped.  I
told Jacob,"  I want to go with Mary sir."  He replied, " Very good, I knew you
would."  He continued saying, " Mary told me you were a racist pig, and you
already demonstrated that to me when I came in.  You will soon learn which of us
is superior.  You are a feminine little man, and I will change you into my
bitch."

     He now ordered, " Get down on your knees in front of me girl and pay homage
to your master."  I was defeated and sank down to my knees in front of him.  "
Good girl." he praised me. "Now take my cock out and suck me hard so Mary and I
can have sex."  I begged him, " Please sir, don't make me do this. I'm not gay." 
Mary chimed in, " Go ahead dear, it was fine with you for me to suck your cock,
why is that beneath you?" The stern look on Jacob's face told me that I had no
choice and that I had better get to my disgusting chore.  I unzipped his fly and
reached in and took his cock out.  It was huge.  I put it to my lips and taking
a deep breath took the head into my mouth.  Jacob ordered, " Now suck it bitch
and take it deep."  My eyes were closed as I was trying to pretend this wasn't
happening to me. He commanded, " Open your eyes bitch and look at me.  Keep your
eyes on mine."  I opened my eyes and had to tilt my head back to look into his
eyes.  I sucked him for only a couple of minutes before he was hard as a rock.
His giant organ filled my mouth and was choking me.  He made a thrust with his
hips and shoved it down my throat, causing me to gag.  He then withdrew leaving
me gasping for air.  He said, " Not bad for a first effort bitch, but you will
get better with practice."  With his erection sticking out in front of him, he
took Mary by the hand and went into the bedroom.  Mary told me," Get up dear and
follow us. I want you to watch how a real man makes love to his lady."   I got
to my feet and trailed behind them worrying about the pride in her voice when
she said," His lady."

     Once in the bedroom Jacob stripped off his clothes while Mary was getting
undressed.  He did have a well developed body.  Mary pulled back the covers on
the bed and lay there anticipating the sex to come.  Jacob told me, " Get one of
her nighties and put it on bitch, I want you to stand by the bed and watch."  I
asked, " A nightie sir?"  He said, " Yes a nightie, you aren't a man so you
might as well be a girl."  I shuddered, but went to the dresser drawer where she
kept her dainties, pulled out a short pink nightie and slipped it over my head. 
I went to stand by the bed.  Jacob laughed at me standing there in a pink
nightie adding to my humiliation.  He raised Mary's legs and shoved his cock
into her with no warm-up.  My humiliation had been foreplay enough for her. 
When she started moaning with pleasure, I understood what she saw in this man. 
They made passionate love for over an hour and I lost count of the number of
orgasms she had. When they were finished, Jacob told me, " Get over her and lick
her clean sissy."  I was surprised by this and hesitated.  He demanded, " Do it
now bitch and get used to it, it will be one of your duties from now on."  I
knew he was serious and that he would back up his demand with force, so I got on
the bed crawled between her legs and began licking away like a slave. Mary
softly praised me, " That feels so good dear.  I know all of this is a shock to
you but you'll see that as soon as you learn to accept your new role, we can all
be happy."  After she was satisfied that I had licked and sucked up all his
semen, she pushed me away.  She told me, " Thank you dear, that was so sweet of
you."  Jacob told me, " Now come here and lick my cock clean too."  I was beyond
having any pride left so I licked her juices off of his cock.  He was smiling by
the time I finished.  He told Mary, " You were right, he was a natural
submissive and it would be easy to turn him into a sissy."  Then he told me, "
As long as you obey me I will treat you decently. I will support you, buy you
clothes to wear and supply all your basic needs.  You will have your own room in
my house and of course are free to leave anytime."   I nodded and said, " Yes
sir."  Mary clapped her hands and said, " We will be so happy together!"      

     Jacob told me to bring them each a glass of wine and I hurried off to get
them.  When I delivered their wine Mary thanked me.  Jacob told me, " Go and
shave your body now. I don't want any hair from the neck down." That was the
last straw, I wasn't going to do that.  I told him, " No sir, I won't do that." 
He set his wine glass on the bedside table and took his belt from his pants on
the floor.  He grabbed my arm with an iron grip and sat on the edge of the bed.
He pulled me over his knees and spanked me with his belt until I cried and
begged him to stop.  He soothingly told me, " Now, now girlie, I warned you that
you must obey or face the consequences."  'Yes sir, you did, but shaving my body
is something girls do." I sobbed out.  He said, " That's right, you aren't a man
so you will be better off as a girl. Now do what I told you to do.  I meekly
replied, " Yes sir, please don't hit me any more."  Mary encouraged me by
saying, "That's a good dearie, life will be much easier for you if you just
learn to obey and stop that foolish pride stuff." I held my poor throbbing
bottom as I went into the bathroom to shave.  I was never very hairy to begin
with, but being hairless would make my small frame look even more feminine.  Of
course, that was his plan. 

     I started by shaving my armpits, followed by my legs. I shaved the few
hairs around my nipples, then clipped short my pubic hairs with a scissors and
shaved them clean.  The hairs between my legs and around my asshole I had to use
a mirror to see, but they were shaved off too.  When I was smooth as a baby, I
used some of Mary's lotion to prevent rash and put my nightie back on. 
Gathering up my courage, I went back in the bedroom to face them. 

     Jacob had me lift my nightie so he could inspect the job I had done.  He
even fondled my balls and had me turn and spread my ass cheeks for him to
inspect that area too.  He told me, " Good job girlie, now be sure that you keep
yourself that way."  " Yes sir." was the only reply I could make.  Mary gave my
balls a gentle squeeze and said, " See dear, that wasn't so bad. I do most of my
body all the time, you know."  She took my penis in her hand and gave me a few
strokes to bring me to an erection.  She then showed it to Jacob who said, "
It's cute, but not anything like a real cock."  He asked me, " Would my sissy
like to come now?"  I was very turned on and quickly answered, " Yes sir, may I
please?"  He smiled and said, " Yeah, go ahead and jack yourself off, but don't
spill a drop."  I stroked myself madly for a couple of minutes and shot my small
load into my left hand.  With shaking knees, I heard him say, " Now lick your
hand clean." His belt was still close to him so I did as he ordered.  " Good
girl." He said.  Then he explained, " I want you to get used to the taste of
cum, you will get lot of mine and some of yours.  Soon you will crave it" I
shuddered to realize what my future was.  He was determined to make me a  girly
cocksucker.  I knew I could never stand up to him and wanted to stay with Mary,
even as a servant.  I was trapped.

     Less than an hour had gone by since they finished making love, but already
Jacob was feeling horny, he started caressing Mary again. She told him, " Please
honey, I'm still worn out from the last time. If you want relief, give your
sweet come to your sissy direct this time.  He nodded and told me, " Come over
here sissy and suck me off. You've already sucked my cock and swallowed my come,
it's time you did both at the same time."  I knelt before him and took his cock
into my mouth.  " Remember to look at my eyes while you do this, I want you to
know that you are sucking my big black cock and that I am in charge."  I bobbed
my head in a nod and looked into his eyes. He reached his hands inside my
nightie and took hold of my nipples.  He remarked, You have tiny nipples, but
they will grow with use." Oddly enough, it was pleasant to have him playing with
my nipples. Even though he filled my mouth, I kept slurping and sucking away. 
As he got closer to orgasm, he grabbed my head with both hands and began
thrusting. He rammed his cock down my throat and shot his load there.  He
quivered there for a few seconds and withdrew.  " That's giving good head sissy.
I think you were born for this.", he told me. I blushed and said, " Thank you
sir." Mary told me, " You looked so cute with his cock in your mouth dear. I'm
proud of you."  She then told me, " You can sleep on the couch tonight, turn out
the light on your way out."  I nodded and left them in the dark together in our
bed.

     With all that had happened to me in the last few hours, I was in too much
emotional turmoil to sleep.  After watching them screw I knew why she was
infatuated with him.  If I went with them I would be not much more than a slave,
but if I stayed here I would be broke and alone.  I finally fell asleep still
undecided about my future.  It was morning when Jacob slapped me on the ass and
told me to make coffee and breakfast for them.  I hustled out off the couch and
went to the kitchen.  When the coffee was done perking, I carried two cups to
the table where they were waiting.  Mary thanked me and then told me, " By the
way, I gave our notice last month, we have to be out of here on Sunday. Jacob
has some friends coming over to empty out our apartment today."  That was when I
made my decision, I couldn't stay here and so if I didn't go with them I would
be homeless as well as broke.  I just replied, " Yes Mary, I understand."  When
the eggs toast and bacon were ready I brought them their plates and served their
food.  I asked Jacob if I could get dressed and he replied, " No, you look
darling in that nightie, but you can put on a pair of Mary's high heels and a
robe.  We will buy you some pretty things to wear as soon as we can, but for now
that will be your wardrobe."  As I left he told me, "Put on some nice red
lipstick too, I want you to look pretty for my friends."  Lipstick?  This was
going far too fast for me, but i answered, " Yes sir." and left.

     I found pair of open toed shoes that seemed to fit me and a pink robe to
match my nightie and put them on.  I went to her make-up cabinet and found a
tube of red lipstick and applied it to my lips.  Looking at myself in the
mirror, I realized that I did make a fairly nice girl.  I went back out to the
table and saw that they were finished eating.  I refilled their coffee cups and
cleared off the table.  Strangely I found that I could manage nicely in those
shoes and they made a sexy click when I walked on the tile floor.  After the
kitchen was cleaned up and the dishwasher loaded, I poured myself a cup of
coffee and took a sip.  Mary called me and said, " Come sit with us dear." I
went to the table and sat down.  Jacob asked me, " Have you decided to come with
us?"  I answered, "Yes sir."  He told me, " I want you to be sure, Mary thinks
you will do fine, but I want you to tell me that you want to be subservient to
me and to serve us both."  I blushed and stated, " Yes Sir, I want to be
subservient you. I recognize that you are superior to me and I promise to serve
you both well sir."  He smiled and said, " And you will obey us quickly and
cheerfully."  I replied, "Yes Sir, I will obey you both quickly and cheerfully." 
I rubbed my sore ass to show him that I understood the price of disobedience. 
'' Very good, " He said, " Now we need a name for you. I was thinking of Fifi,
but Mary says that is trite.  How about Tricia?"  I told him," If that pleases
you sir, I will be happy with it."  He was beaming now and said, " Good that is
settled."  He turned to Mary and said, " Meet Tricia, darling, she will be our
servant in your new home." Mary got up and gave me a big hug. She told me, " You
make me so happy Tricia, we shall be girlfriends."  I blushed and said, " Yes
ma'am."

     Just about then the doorbell rang, Jacob told me, " Answer the door Tricia,
that must be my friends."  I went and opened the door and there stood four
gangbanger type black men all wearing matching jackets.  I welcomed them in and
they entered chuckling at my appearance.  They went to Jacob and exchanged
handshakes and respectfully said hello to Mary.  Jacob told Mary, " These are
some of my friends, they were associates of my brother who you defended."  Mary
said, "Pleased to meet you men. I will show you what goes and what stays here." 
The men were soon busy packing stuff down to their truck, Jacob didn't help them
one bit.  It didn't take very long before those young men had the place emptied
of our belongings.  Mary put her blonde wig on me saying, " Just for the ride
over there dear Tricia."  We Went to the manager's office and turned in our
keys. Jacob told me, " You ride with me Tricia, Mary will bring her car, the
boys will take your stuff to my house.  I was hoping to ride with Mary and get
some time alone with her, but tried not to show my disappointment and got into
his car.  Mary followed behind us, the truck with the men were behind her.  As
the convoy wove it's way across town, Jacob was fondling my shaved genitals and
telling me how I would soon love being his bitch.  I sat quietly and listened
for the 20 minute drive. 

     I didn't like the look of the neighborhood, it was in a rundown part of the
city, but his house was well kept and attractive.  He led me and Mary into his
house and told the men to take Mary's clothes to the master suite.  He told them
they could keep my clothes or give them away. He told them they could also have
our few appliances and pots and pans etc..  " My house is fully supplied with
things much better than those.", he boasted.  He showed me to a room in the
attic.  It had a couple of windows, a single bed with a lacy slipcover on it, a
dresser, a small desk and a huge closet.  He told me," This will be your room
Tricia, The bathroom is down on the second floor. "  We will get you some nice
curtains for the windows." He told me.  I thanked him and followed him
downstairs to the Master suite where Mary was directing the hanging of her
clothes in the closet.  She saw us and said, " Oh Jacob, this is magnificent! I
have my own walk in closet and we have both a tub and a shower in our bathroom. 
I feel like a queen." She gave him a big hug and a kiss.

     His friends soon had all of Mary's things unloaded and told Jacob they were
finished.  He thanked them handed them a $100 bill and told them that They were
invited to a party he was hosting in two weeks.  They told him that they
wouldn't miss one of his parties.  The leader of the four told Jacob that his
new lady looked very classy indeed. He also said, " Your new sissy slave has
real possibilities too."  Jacob replied, " Thank you Spike, Mary was my choice
and bringing her hubby along was hers."  Spike chuckled and said that bitch sure
don't look like no hubby now."  I stood there blushing in my robe and heels. 
The four guys left all laughing at me.  

     Jacob kissed Mary and said, " Welcome to your new home sweetie, you will be
very happy here."  He looked at me and told me, " Tricia why don't you go to the
bar and pour us a glass of Champagne.  You will find a bottle chilled in the
refrigerator."  I said, " Yes sir." and left on my errand.  I opened the
refrigerator behind the bar and saw several champagne bottles chilling there. I
took  one of them and holding a towel over the cork twisted the bottle until the
cork popped out. I filled two glasses and brought them to Jacob and Mary.  They
drank a toast to their new life.  I had less enthusiasm for what my new life
held for me.  All I had in the world now was a short nightie, a robe and a pair
of high heels. 

     Jacob told me, " Tonight you won't have to cook supper Tricia, I will send
out for pizza.  Tomorrow you will familiarize yourself with the kitchen and
start your cooking duties while Mary and I go shopping for some suitable clothes
for you."  I said, Yes sir, thank you sir."  Mary smiled at me and told me, "
You are being so sweet Tricia, I know this has been hard on you, but you are
adapting well." She gave me a kiss on the cheek.  I loved her so much. Jacob
told me, " Take off that robe now Tricia, I think you look cute in that
nightie."  I took off my robe and laid it over a chair.  I could feel a slight
draft on my bare bottom.  My nightie just barely covered my genitals and I felt
very vulnerable.  Jacob sensed my feelings and smiled.  He wanted me to feel
that way.

     He Picked up the phone and called in an order for pizza, then told me to
refill their glasses.  They sat on the couch sipping their champagne while
waiting for their food to arrive.  I sat in a chair across from them, trying to
keep my bottom covered. I soon found that if I crossed my legs in a feminine
manner, I could retain a bit of modesty.  I wished I had some trousers to wear,
or even a pair of slacks.  When at last the doorbell rang and Jacob handed me a
$20 bill and told me to answer the door.  He added, " Let the delivery guy keep
the change." I hated having a stranger see me like I was dressed, but went to
the door and opened it.  There was a young man holding two pizza's and he
stifled a laugh when he saw me.  I took the pizza's, handed him the twenty and
told him to keep the change.  The kid said, " Thank you ma'am." and left happy
with the large tip.  I closed and locked the door and took the food to the
table.

     I found the plates and set two of them on the table.  Opened the pizza
boxes and told them,"Your supper is ready."  The came to the dining room table
and sat down. Jacob wiggled his empty glass at me and I went to the bar and
opened another bottle of champagne which i brought to the table and refilled
their glasses.  Jacob said, " Very nice Tricia, you may get yourself a glass and
join us."  I thanked him and did just that.  I hadn't eaten all day and was
famished.  I wolfed down the first piece and reached for another.  Mary
cautioned me. " Take little bites dear, you must learn to eat like a lady now." 
Feeling ashamed of myself, I apologized saying, " Yes ma'am, I'm sorry."  The
second piece took me much longer to finish, but I was dainty while eating it.
Mary smiled at me and praised my demeanor saying, " See dear, I knew you could
learn some new things."  She leaned over and gave me a peck on my cheek.

     After supper was finished, I cleared off the table while they finished off
the bottle of champagne.  Jacob then said, " Come on girls, it's time to play." 
He took Mary by the hand and led her upstairs to the Master suite with me
following behind.  Once in their bedroom, Mary stripped off her clothes while
her new man was removing his.  When he was naked, he told me, " Come and suck me
hard Tricia."  I sank to my knees in front of him and quickly took his cock into
my mouth.  As before his manhood filled my mouth as it got hard and I began to
choke and gag.  Since I was looking up at his eyes, I saw him smile.  Clearly he
didn't need my help to get hard, but was using this ritual as a way to keep me
feeling submissive to him.  It was certainly working, on my knees with his cock
in my mouth I felt like a slave.  After a few minutes of this, he pulled his now
rock hard cock out of my mouth and went to join Mary on the bed.  From last
night's experience I knew he wanted me to stand by the bed and watch him drive
Mary wild with his sexual prowess.  Accordingly, I took up my position and stood
patiently and watched their enjoyment of each other's bodies.  Mary wrapped her
legs around him as he rode her to many orgasms.  When at last their passions
were spent, Mary lay there exhausted and listening with sweat.  Jacob lay back
and told me, " Ok Tricia, time for you to clean her up."  I dutifully climbed on
the bed, crawled between her legs and began sucking and licking her freshly used
pussy.  She had a couple more orgasms as I did a task that would have previously
been unthinkable.  I was on my knees with my mouth buried in her crotch, which
left my bar ass sticking up in the air.  Jacob took this opportunity to shove
one of his fingers up my asshole.  My head snapped up in shock.  He told me, "
Keep doing what you were doing."  I went back to my licking and sucking while he
finger fucked me.  Despite his invasion of a previously untouched area, I found
myself humping back against his hand.  His expert manipulation made me spurt my
puny load.  He laughed when he saw that he had made me come without touching my
cock.  Mary told me to stop which I gladly did.  Jacob took my head in his hands
and pulled me to his cock.  I licked his cock clean of her juices.  When I was
finished doing that he asked me, " Does my sissy bitch like having her pussy
played with?"  With my semen still laying on the sheets, it was impossible to
deny, so I said softly, " Yes sir, I didn't know that I did, but I do."  He
laughed heartily at my response and said," I do know how to treat a lady. Don't
worry Tricia, I will take good care of you too."  He gave me a light slap on the
ass and told me, " You did well tonight, but it's time for bed. Lick up your
mess here and go to your room. Be sure to hang your robe in your closet."  I
licked my semen from the sheet and walked out of the room.  Mary Blew me a kiss
as I left the room. 

     After walking down to the living room and retrieving my robe, I climbed the
two flights of stairs to my room.  I didn't like the idea of sleeping alone, but
I had no other choice.  I hung my robe in the closet and kicked off my shoes,
and crawled into bed.  Mary's lovely warm body which I had taken for granted for
so long was now in Jacob's bed.  I cried myself to sleep.

     The next morning, the bright sunlight flooded my room and I awoke early.  I
stepped into my shoes and walked down to the second floor to use the bathroom. 
As I sat there, I thought about how Jacob had brought me to orgasm by poking in
my ass.  As disgusting as the thought was, I had come without stroking my penis. 
Maybe I wasn't as straight as I had always thought.  Straight?  I was wearing a
short pink nightie, high heeled shoes and a blonde wig.  I was being treated
like a girl and yet I came from him playing with my ass.  I was totally
confused.  Part of me wanted to run from this place, but dressed like I was in
this neighborhood worse things awaited me out there.  Jacob knew what he was
doing when he gave my male clothes away.  I got my nightie off and stepped into
the shower. The nice long shower felt good and it seemed to wash away the
humiliation I had endured for the last two days.  I dried myself off and checked
for any stubble on my body.  There wasn't any yet, so I slipped my nightie on,
stepped into my shoes and Put the blonde wig back on. Checking myself in the
mirror, I saw I looked presentable and went down to the kitchen to start the
coffee. 

     I found the coffee and filled the coffee maker and sat down to wait until
it was ready.  As soon as it was ready, I poured myself a cup and sat back down
to leisurely enjoy it.  This was a nice house and a great step up from our old
one bedroom apartment.  I was having my second cup when Jacob and Mary walked in
on me.  I immediately stood up and said, " Good Morning Sir and Mary."  They
both smiled and wished me good morning too.  I poured them each a cup of coffee
and they sat down at the table to enjoy it.  Jacob reached into his shirt pocket
and pulled out a bottle of pills and told me, " I want you to take two of these
every morning Tricia, they are vitamins and I want you to stay healthy and keep
up your strength."  I took the bottle from him, got a juice glass full of water
and swallowed two of the pills.  " Good girl, I see that you have learned to
obey." Jacob told me. He then said, " Fix us some breakfast, I think pancakes
and sausages would taste good this morning."  I hurried to find the ingredients
and started cooking while they sipped their coffee.  Mary told Jacob, " This is
so cool, I used to serve my husband like that and he never appreciated the work
I did.  This will be a good lesson."  I blushed when I heard that because it was
true.  I really never realized how much work she did.

     Once I had started cooking the sausages and mixed up the pancake batter I
asked, " How many pancakes sir? He replied four. I asked Mary, " How many for
you Mary."  She told me two. Jacob told me , " Make one for yourself Tricia." I
said, " Yes sir, thank you."  When the meal was ready I served them their
breakfast. Since I hadn't been invited to join them, I ate my meal standing at
the counter.  The two lovers were laughing and enjoying each other's company and
I felt very left out.  When they finished eating, I cleared off the table and
they thanked me for a good breakfast.  Mary went to shower and get dressed and
Jacob called me over to him. I stood in front of him and he told me, " Lift your
nightie dear." I did. He then told me, " Hold your little peepee up." I did. He
reached into his pocket and pulled out one of those plastic tie wraps.  As I
stood there, he placed around my scrotum above my balls and pulled it very
tight. It hurt, but not terribly so.  I asked him, " Sir may I ask what that is
for?"  He smiled and said, " You could say it is to mark you as my property, but
there will be other benefits."  He then stood up and left to take his shower.  I
was left standing in the kitchen with this tight ring around my shaved scrotum. 
I wondered what that was all about.  I would find out soon enough.

     Jacob and Mary soon came downstairs fully dressed and ready to go out. 
Jacob told me, " Better start planing supper, I think roast beef, mashed
potatoes and gravy would be good." Mary added, " Also a veggie and a salad."  I
nodded my head in agreement.  I hated being left alone, but knew they were going
shopping for some clothes for me.  It would be great to get out of this nightie. 
Just before they went out the door, Jacob turned to me and said, " I hope you
are here when we get back, but remember you are free to leave."  He closed the
door and they were gone.  I was free to leave, right!  Naked except for this
nightie and wearing high heels how far would I get?  I went to the kitchen and
started familiarizing myself with things there and finding the ingredients for
tonight's supper.  That ring around my scrotum was uncomfortable, but not
painful, but I knew it was there as I moved around. 

     By the time they came home, the roast was in the oven and things were well
underway with the supper.  They walked in both carrying sacks and boxes.  I
hurried to greet them.  Mary excitedly told me, " We bought you so many pretty
things to wear, you will love them." I helped them carry the items upstairs to
my room.  Jacob said, " I'll leave you girls alone to put things away.", and
left the room.  Mary was delighted to show me my new wardrobe.  I was not
surprised to see that all the skirts were mini's.  All the blouses were white
and very sheer.  There were three pairs of shoes, all with 4" heels.  Mary had
me put on a black bra and put some breast forms in the cups.  She exclaimed, "
You look wonderful now dearie."  There were many pairs of nylons in different
shades, a couple of garter belts to hold them up and although I looked through
the sacks, no panties.  I asked Mary, " Why are there no panties Mary?"  She
smiled and told me, " I was going to buy you lots of lovely panties, but Jacob
told me not to, he likes the idea of your barely covered  bare bottom.  He
thinks it will keep you constantly trying to maintain your modesty."  She had me
put on a garter belt and put on a pair of black nylons.  " They make your legs
look so nice.", she      announced.  She next had me put on one of the white
blouses.  A quick look in the mirror told me that my bra was clearly visible
through the thin fabric.  Now came the black mini skirt and the shoes.  Mary
kissed me and told me, " You look lovely Tricia.  Jacob will be so pleased."

     She took me by the hand and led me downstairs to the main bathroom.  " It's
time you learned to put on your makeup. A girl must always look her best."  She
showed me how to apply a base coat, then added a little blush to my cheeks. She
was talking to me like I was her younger sister instead of her husband.  She
told me tomorrow we have to pluck those eyebrows honey, they are too bushy to
look nice.  She had me use eyebrow pencil to darken them.  The eyeliner was very
difficult for me to apply as I had always been very touchy about my eyes.  A
Little mascara and my lashes and she was satisfied.  She had me apply a thick
coat of red lipstick.  She straightened and brushed my wig and then led me
downstairs to show Jacob how I looked.  She told me, " Put a little wiggle in
your ass when you walk dear, men like that."  I managed to do that. 

     We walked into Jacob's office and Mary said, " Ta da, look at Tricia now!" 
Jacob Stood up from his desk chair and said. " You look beautiful Tricia.  I
knew you would make a pretty girl."  He came over to me and kissed me on the
mouth shoving his tongue into me.  I was quite surprised by this, but kissed him
back.  I found myself getting hard.  How strange, here I was being treated like
a girl and I was aroused.  He stepped back and told me, " Lift up your skirt
Tricia."  I raised my skirt using both hands.  He smiled when he saw I had no
panties on.  Unknown to me, he also noted that my balls were turning purple.  He
told me, " Very nice, now you better go get supper ready."  I said , " Yes sir."
and left to do what he'd ordered.  I heard he and Mary chuckling as I left.

     When all was ready and the table set, I told them that their meal was
ready.  They sat and ate while I ate standing at the counter in the kitchen.  I
really wanted to join them, but I hadn't been invited.  Once they were finished
eating, I served them an after dinner drink and cleared the table . When the
kitchen was cleaned up and the dishwasher loaded and started, I went to see if
they needed anything else.  Jacob told me. " That was a good meal Tricia, you
are coming along nicely."  I smiled and thanked him.  He then said, " By the
way, I have decided that you should take two of those vitamins both morning and
evening."  I went and took two more of those pills.     He then told me, " You
have done well and as your reward, you may masturbate for us."  I blushed red as
a beet but reached down, grabbed my penis and started stroking it.  Try as I
would , it wouldn't get hard for me.  Jacob urged me on saying, " Come for us
you sissy bitch."  I was totally humiliated. I wasn't nearly as well endowed as
he was, but I had always gotten hard.  Now I was stroking furiously without
results.  He laughed at me and said, " Come here, I will help you."  He had me
bend over in front of him facing away.  " Spread your ass cheeks bitch.", he
commanded.  I obeyed him, ashamed to be exposing my most private area to him. 
He dipped his finger in the butter which was still on the table, and shoved his
finger up my asshole.  As he plunged his finger in and out, he told me, " Wiggle
that ass bitch."  I wiggled it from side to side as well as humping back against
that intruding finger.  It didn't take long before I experienced and orgasm that
left my knees weak.  Strangely, very little came out of my dick, just a little
clear liquid.  Jacob Laughed at me and told me, " Tell your master thank you for
fucking you."  I turned to face him and said, " Thank you Master for fucking me,
it was very kind of you sir."  He said, " You're very welcome Tricia.  Now turn
around and I'll take that ring off of you."  I turned to face him as he took out
his pocket knife.  He slipped the knife blade under the plastic and cut it off. 
It actually hurt as the area filled with blood again.  I thanked him for setting
me free of that ball restraint.  He grinned at me and told me, " I hope you now
understand that you are now totally dependant on Mary and I for your orgasms.
You are so pitiful that you can't even masturbate anymore.  All pleasure will
come from your ass pussy or your titties."  I was aghast, could he be serious?  
He told me, " Go to bed now Tricia and think about what I just told you.  I
answered, " Yes sir." and hurried upstairs to my room. 

     Upon opening the door to my room, I saw that they had hung pink lacy
curtains on my windows and placed a teddy bear on my bed.  The whole room now
looked much more girly.  I Hung up my clothes, put on my new black nightie and
crawled into bed.  As I lay there I fondled myself to see if I could get hard
without an audience. I stroked for twenty minutes with no result before I gave
up.  Thinking back over the day, I tried to think what could have caused that. I
had awakened with an erection and now it was impossible to achieve one.  The
only possible cause was that plastic ring.  When I thought about it, wasn't that
the way they made steers out of male calves?  Could he have neutered me?  The
very thought brought me to tears.  Not only was he turning me into a girl, but I
now realized that there was no going back.  I sobbed pitifully and cried myself
to sleep clutching my teddy bear..    

     In the morning, I awakened as soon as it got light.  I dressed in the same
clothes I had worn the previous evening and went downstairs to the bathroom to
wash my privates and apply my makeup.  It took me nearly an hour to get myself
looking presentable.  I heard the shower in their bathroom running and hustled
downstairs to put on the coffee.  Shortly after the coffee was done, Mary came
down still wearing her nightie.  She told me good morning and took the cup of
coffee I handed her.  She kissed me on the cheek and sat at the kitchen table. 
She said, " I took the week off, Jacob will be down soon, he has to go to his
company and we can have a nice girly time alone."   Jacob soon came into the
room dressed in a suit and tie. He looked every inch the businessman.  I knew
what Mary saw in him, he was a handsome man.  He had only coffee and toast and
then kissed Mary and walked out the door. 

     No sooner was he out of the door when I started crying and asked Mary, "
Did you know what he did to me?"  She came and gave me a hug.  She told me, "
Only after it was done dearie.""He told me after I showed him how nice you
looked now."  That explained the laughter I heard. My voice sounded strangely
higher than I remembered it.  My fears from last night came flooding back and I
wept pitifully.  Mary comforted me, " There, there dear it's too late now to
worry about it.  I can help you learn to love being a girl."  I protested, " But
is it true that the only way I can come now is as his girl or yours?"She smiled
and told me, " That's not so bad dearie, remember that I was dependant on you
for my orgasms and they weren't forthcoming.  Now you will have to depend on
Jacob or me, it's only fair."  Still sobbing, I knew that what she said was
true.  She assured me, " You won't have to do anything that I didn't have to do
for you. It will be good for you to be the submissive one."  I went and took my
pills, then sat down to sip my coffee.  Mary reminded me, " Remember that Jacob
will take good care of you as long as you are obedient.  If you keep yourself
looking pretty he will tend to your sexual needs."  I already knew how virile he
was and didn't doubt what she said a bit. She told me, " I still love you and 
even more as Tricia.  We can still have sex, but now it will be as lesbians." 

     She took me by the hand and led me to my room.  She was smiling sweetly as
she told me, " I'm sure you will love being my girlfriend.  She slowly undressed
me and then took off her nightie.  She kissed me thrusting her tongue into my
mouth.  She whispered, " Play with my breasts Tricia."  I was thrilled to do so,
she had such wonderful breasts.  We lay on my bed with her on top of me as I
sucked her nipples and caressed her breasts.  She was pulling and twisting my
nipples and it felt great.  She turned around placing her pussy at my mouth. 
She told me, " Lick me baby."  As I licked her bottom, she leaned down and took
my penis in her mouth.  I could feel her running her tongue around it as she
sucked on it.  I licked her to an orgasm but my penis stayed soft.  She got off
of me and shook her head saying, " Would my baby like to come?"  Duh!  I was
desperate to come.  I said, " Yes ma'am, I would like that very much."  She knew
she had me where she wanted me now and said, " Just lie there baby, I'll be back
in a minute."  She left the room and I couldn't resist stroking my penis.  Alas,
nothing happened. It still felt good, but nothing happened.

     Mary walked back into the room wearing a black strap-on dildo.  Where had
she got that thing?  She told me, " Get on your hands and knees baby, Mary will
get you off.  I got on all fours on the bed.  Mary put some lubricant on, around
and inside my hole.  She placed the head of the fake cock at the entrance and
slowly pushed it inside of me. She leaned over my back and grabbed my nipples
and using them to control my movements she was riding me like a woman possessed. 
She was loving being in charge of my pleasure.  By the time she was finished, I
had experienced three orgasms.  Although there was very little discharge, the
orgasms were intense.  Mary pulled out of me and tucked a wad of Kleenex between
my ass cheeks.  She asked, " Was that good for you baby?"  I knelt there weak
and trembling, but managed to say, " Yes Mary that was great."  She moved around
so that the dildo was at my lips, there were bits of shit still on it. She told
me, " Kiss it bitch.  I want you to show me how much you appreciate what I did
for you."  I obediently kissed the head.  " Good girl." Mary said.  Then added,
" Get dressed and come down to the bathroom.  She walked out slipping her
nightie back on. 

     I recovered myself, got dressed and walked downstairs to the bathroom. Mary
had me sit on the john and started plucking my eyebrows.  When she was finished
they were very thin and arched.  She was proud of her work and told me that I
looked lovely.  I told her, " Thank you Mary."  She asked me, " Do you know why
I made you kiss that dildo with shit still on it?"  I answered, " No ma'am, but
it was disgusting."  She told me, " I did that because I know Jacob will make
you kiss his cock after he fucks your ass.  It was meant to teach you the value
of giving yourself and enema before he uses you."  " An enema?" I asked.  Then
said, " That's disgusting."  She chuckled and said, " Your choice dear, but I
know I would if I were you.  Unless you want to lick shit."  She took my hand
and glued false fingernails on and repeated it with the other hand.  She painted
them  a bright red and then put on two coats of clear polish over that.  Those
nails were a good inch longer than my real nails.  I asked her, " How am I
supposed to work with these things?"  She assured me, " You will adapt dearie.
After all you do want to get laid don't you?"  I blushed and replied, " Yes
ma'am I do."  She handed me the bottle of nail polish and told me to paint my
toenails too.  I took off my nylons and began painting my toenails.  Mary left
the room.

     When I finished, my toenails matched my fingernails and after they dried, I
put my nylons back on, stepped into my shoes and went to find Mary.  She was in
the kitchen and when she saw me she told me, " Time to get to work Tricia,
you've had your fun already.  Go strip the sheets off of the beds, gather up the
laundry and bring it all down here to the laundry room."  I had been hoping that
we could have another chat, but went and did as she ordered.  She showed me how
to sort the clothes, load the washer and get the thing going. " Go back upstairs
to the linen closet, find clean sheets and remake the beds while you wait for
this load to get done.  " Yes ma'am." I replied and went to do as ordered. 
While making their bed, I realized that I was now their maid.    

     Those chores done, I went back down to the kitchen laundry room to empty
the washer and load the dryer.  I put the second load in the washing machine and
went to relax for a bit.  With all these chores and having to look pretty too,
it was quite a schedule.  Mary walked in as I was having a cup of coffee and
joined me.  She had me get up and make her a salad and told me to make one for
myself too.  We sat and ate our salads like two ladies.  She asked me, " Did it
feel good getting screwed like a girl?"  I blushed and said, " Yes ma'am, it
did."  She said, " I noticed that you had three orgasms.  Did you ever have
three orgasms during sex as a man?"  I had to admit, " No, I never did. I always
thought that when I had one it was over."  She stated, " I know that too well. 
It didn't matter to you weather I was satisfied or not."  Wow, I never realized
how much resentment she felt towards me.               We finished our lunch and
she told me,"  Fold the laundry now and remember that Jacob likes his shirts
ironed and his underwear too."  Ironing was clearly to be another of my duties. 
I put the laundry away and started in on the ironing.  I had been busy all day
and those heels were killing my feet.  Mary sat reading a book nearby and I was
still working.  She smile at me and said, " You look so domestic Tricia."  I
thanked her and kept at the ironing until it was finished.  After I had hung his
shirts in his closet, and Mary's blouses in hers, I went downstairs to relax for
a bit.  No sooner had I sat down when Mary asked, " What have you planned for
supper dearie?"  Supper? I had been so busy I had forgotten all about that.  I
apologized, " Please forgive me ma'am, I hadn't thought about that yet."  She
told me, " You had better get started then, he will be home before too long." 
She cautioned me, " You had better take your duties seriously, Tricia. You DON'T
want to make him angry."  I had already experienced a terrible spanking for
angering him and I had no desire to provoke him again.  She warned me, " If he
thinks you aren't a good servant, he might throw you out of his house.  If that
happened where would you go?  You are no longer a man and not yet a woman.  Who
would have you?"  I knew she was right and that knowledge crushed my spirits
completely.  She told me, " You are now totally dependant on Jacob.  You are his
property and he will use you as he sees fit.  Get over any fantasies you have
about ever being a man again and become the best girl you can be. If you can do
that, you will be much happier."  She stood there with her hands on her hips and
said, " Either that or walk out that door this minute."  I had tears running
down my cheeks when I said, " I have been trying very hard to be a good girl and
I will try even harder.  Please ma'am, please let me stay."  She laughed at me
and said, " I was about ready say Jacob has you by the short hairs, but you
don't have any."  She laughed at her own joke and then went back to read some
more.  I scurried to the kitchen to start cooking supper. 

     I put on an apron to protect my pretty clothes and found the ingredients
for spaghetti.  That would be a quick meal.  Making the meatballs was a bit
awkward with my new long nails, but soon I had them browning on the stove.  I
placed the noodles in a pan of boiling water to cook them. The only thing I
could find for the sauce was some pre-made sauce and that would have to do for
tonight.  My breasts seemed very tender tonight, I supposed it was from Mary
pinching them this morning.  While the meal was cooking, I thought about how
Mary had let me know very clearly what my situation was.  I had nothing of my
own left, even the clothes I wore came from Jacob.  I could never go back to
being a man again since the only way I could orgasm was in the female role.  If
he ever threw me out, the only thing I could do is to find some gay stud to take
care of me and then I'd be worse off than I was now.  Jacob's guarantee that I
could leave whenever I wanted, was worthless now.  Leaving was the last thing I
wanted to do now.  It was clear that I had no other option but to be a docile
sissy slave.

     Supper was almost ready when Jacob walked in the door.  Mary went a give
him a big kiss.  He asked her how her day went.  She told him, " Great. I
introduced Tricia to lesbian sex and she loved it.  She did the laundry and
ironing and we had a nice chat about her place in this household.  He was
smiling as he listened to her report.  He said, " I knew that your hubby would
make a great slave bitch the moment I saw him."  He called me to him.  I went to
stand in front of him.  He commanded me, " On Your knees girl."  I sank down to
my knees and batted my eyelashes at him.  He told me, " I want you to beg me to
let you suck my nigger dick.  You used that racist word when you first saw me
and now you will beg me to fuck your mouth."  He knew that I was his and would
obey him and stood there smirking at me on my knees before him.  He was
determined to make sure I had not a shred of pride left.  Having no choice, I
abased myself by saying," Please sir, may I suck your wonderful black cock."  He
scowled and ordered me, " Try again bitch and say it like you mean it."  I
replied, " Please sir, pretty please will you fuck my mouth with your nigger
dick?"  He laughed and said, " I knew that not only would you suck my cock, but
beg for it too."  He opened his fly and pulled out his cock.  I kissed the head
and took it into my mouth.  He opened my shirt and reached inside my bra to grab
my nipples.  I sucked and slurped on his cock as he stretched my nipples.  Once
he was rock hard, he release my nipples and grabbed my head with both hands.  He
rammed his big cock down my throat repeatedly until he shot his load there.  My
throat spasms milked out every drop before he pulled out.  He patted me lightly
on the head and said," Good job bitch, after only a few tries you can now deep
throat me."  He took Mary by the hand and went to the bar to fix themselves a
drink.   I still knelt there choking and gagging, trying to catch my breath. 
When I recovered sufficiently I got up and went to tend to setting the table. 

     Jacob and Mary came into the kitchen and he handed me a full wine glass. 
He told me, " Go ahead and drink it, you earned it."  My mouth tasted of his
cock and I was delighted with his generous offer.  I gave him a slight curtsy
and said, " Thank you kind sir."  They went to sit at the table as I served
their food.  Oops, I had forgotten to take my pills, so I took two of them and
washed them down with wine.  Jacob invited me to eat with them and I was happy
to do so. My blouse was still unbuttoned and he told me to take it off.  I took
off my blouse.  He said," And the bra too.  I reached behind me and unhooked my
bra and slipped it off.  He stared at my bare chest and saw that my nipples were
still erect.  He reached over the table and fondled my breasts and said, " Hmm
coming along nicely."  I looked down and noticed that I now had the titties of a
young girl.  He told me, " Keep taking those pills Tricia and they will grow. 
If not, we will get you implants."  I looked at him wide-eyed, but answered, "
Yes sir, I will."  It wasn't enough for him that I dress like a girl and be used
sexually like one, he wanted me to be a girl physically too.  


     During the meal, Mary casually mentioned that she had started her period
today.  Jacob patted her on the shoulder and assured her that it was ok.  He
said, " I have another girl to use while you are out of action."  He chuckled
and stared right at me.  When the meal was finished and I had emptied my second
glass of wine, Mary told me, " I'll clear the table tonight dearie, you have to
get yourself ready.  Remember what we talked about this morning?"  Jacob asked,
" What was that?"  Mary told him, " Just girly stuff my love."  I took my cue
and left to give myself and enema.  As disgusting as the idea was, I remembered
her warning and knelt of the floor and shoved the enema bag hose up my ass. 
When I released the clip, a gallon of warm soapy water gushed it's way into my
bowels.  I knelt there head to the floor until the pressure became unbearable
and sat on the pot and spewed it out.  I repeated the process to be sure I was
totally cleaned out.  I washed my bottom and went downstairs.  Jacob had
refilled my wine glass and i gladly drank it down.  I was as nervous as a new
bride on her wedding night.  Jacob took my hand and led me to his bedroom.  He
kissed me lightly on the neck as he dropped my skirt to the floor.  I now stood
there wearing just my garter belt, hose and heels.  He stroked my penis for a
few minutes and was delighted when it showed no sign of becoming hard. 

     Jacob told me, " Spread your legs and put your elbows on the bed dear." 
When I had obeyed him, he asked," Are you ready to become a woman?"  I moaned, "
Yes sir, please take me now."  He lubricated my asshole and started shoving
himself inside me.  It hurt more than I had imagined as it was much bigger than
Mary's dildo.  He grabbed my titties and pulled me back until he was fully
buried inside me.  He withdrew part way and again shoved it in to the hilt.  He
repeated this several times before he started a rhythmic stroking in and out. 
Mary sat on the bed and watched.  She encouraged Jacob by saying, " That's it
give it to her, Ram it to her and make the bitch moan."  I was moaning like a
slut, the pain from my nipples was almost as bad as that in my asshole.  In
spite of the pain and degradation I felt, I had several orgasms during my
ordeal.  When he finally stiffened and shot deep inside me, I was happy that it
was over.  Just as Mary had predicted, he turned me around and made me lick his
cock clean.  I was now glad that I had given myself those enema's.  Once he was
satisfied, he told me, " You are a nice piece of ass Tricia.  Now that you are
my bitch, you will call me Master."  I meekly replied, " Yes Master."  He smiled
at my compliance and said, " You may sleep with us tonight."  Mary crawled into
bed on the left side of the bed, Jacob took the middle spot and patted the bed
on the right side.  I crawled into bed on that side.  He reached over and
grabbed my right breast and with the other hand took hold of Mary's left boob. 
He said, " I am a luck man, two girls to use and they both love me."  Mary said,
" Yes Jacob my lover."  I meekly said, " Yes Master."  I rolled over on my side
and was quickly asleep.  It had been a rough day.  I slept soundly until I was
awakened in the middle of the night by Jacob shoving his cock inside of me.  He
grabbed my titties and softly said, " Shhh, we don't to disturb Mary."  Once
again he raped my once virgin ass.  When he reached his orgasm, he patted me on
the ass and rolled over.  I felt so used, but he was content and I had two
orgasms myself.  I knew that I only existed to serve them and shrugged it off. 
I went back to sleep with my poor ass leaking his slime. 

     Jacob awakened me in the morning with a slap on my ass and told me, " Rise
and shine, get downstairs and put on the coffee.  I scrambled out of bed,
gathered up my clothes and hustled downstair.  I badly needed a shower, but
while the coffee was perking, I retrieved my bra and blouse from the night
before and stepped into my skirt.  My nylons could wait until after he left for
work.  Jacob came down dressed to the nines, drank a cup of coffee, ate a piece
of toast and got up to leave.  He grabbed my ass and told me, " Be a good girl
Tricia."  I smiled at him and responded, " Yes Master."  He walked out the door. 
Mary came down shortly after he left and sat at the table.  I brought her a cup
of coffee.  She told me, " Thank you Tricia."  She asked me, " Did you enjoy
Jacob making you a woman?"  I blushed, looked at the floor and answered, " It
hurt ma'am, but yes I did enjoy it."  She smiled and said, " I knew you would.
Being a girl is great."  She then asked me, did you come last night?"  I was
ashamed to admit it, but I told her, " Yes ma'am, several times."  She thought a
minute or so before she said, " That means I'm the only one in this house that
didn't come last night."  She got an evil look on her face and asked me, " What
are you going to do about that?"  I stammered saying, " But ma'am, what could I
do, you know I can't get an erection and even if I could you are on your
period."  She laughed and said, " My poor girl, you are so naive.  Take off your
clothes and get a towel from the bathroom."  I took off my clothes and got the
towel.  She told me, " Better take off the wig too." I did so gladly, that
damned thing was hot to wear.  She told me to lay down with my head on the
towel.  I obeyed her and she straddled my face on her knees pinning my arms to
my sides.  Mary now ordered me to take out her Tampax.  I asked , "But how
ma'am, I can't move my arms."  She slapped my face and demanded, " Use your
teeth you fool." She pulled my head up so I could grab the string with my teeth. 
As she lowered my head back down the bloody thing landed on my chin.  I
shuddered at that which caused her to giggle.  She told me, " Don't let that
scare you dearie, it gets a lot worse.  Now lick me to orgasm."  She grabbed my
ears and pulled my face to her crotch.  I licked and sucked until she achieved
her orgasm.  When she finished, she got off of me and told me, " That felt
great, but you look like a vampire now.  Wipe yourself with that towel and go
take a shower.  Better shave again, I can see some peach fuzz."  I wiped off my
face and chest then stood up and gathered my clothes.  I literally ran to the
bathroom I was so eager for a shower. 

    With the warm water flowing over my body I still felt dirty and used.  I
scrubbed my face several times before I picked up the pink razor to shave my
body for the second time in four days.   I dried myself off noticing my titties
were still growing and were much more tender then ever before.  I was becoming a
girl alright!  I went to my room and put on a new outfit and placed my old one
in the laundry basket.  I chose the pink skirt and bra for today and the
matching shoes.  I found a pair of pink nylons and put them on, I looked in the
mirror and thought I looked darling.  I went back downstairs to serve Mary.  She
was in her chair reading her book and looked up when I came in.  She told me, "
You look so sweet in that outfit."  I thanked her for the compliment.  She told
me Tuesday is housecleaning day, so get the vacuum and clean all the carpeted
rooms first.  Once again I spent the whole day working while she relaxed.  I
knew that she relished having me in her power.     

     The rest of the week was mostly the same.  I Serviced Mary in the mornings,
and Jacob in the evenings.  Every day I worked ceaselessly around the house.  I
kept taking my pills and my titties kept growing.  Although I tried frequently
to get an erection, it never happened.  Even though I never slept without being
awakened and used that week, I did enjoy sleeping in their bed.  Having multiple
orgasms made the pain involved worth while.  I was falling love with Jacob. 
Especially after her flow lessened, I found the lesbian sex sessions with Mary
very enjoyable.  Though my role in sex was now that of a girl, I was having more
sex and orgasms than I ever enjoyed as a man.  My hair kept growing longer, but
I only needed to shave every four days to keep my body smooth.  Jacob told me
that I was adapting nicely.

     Saturday morning I awoke when Jacob slapped my ass and told me, " Get up
girl and make breakfast."  I said, " Yes Master, should I get dressed first?" 
He replied, " No, Don't bother, that nightie will suffice."  I stepped into my
shoes and hurried downstairs.  I got the coffee started and   got things ready
to cook bacon and eggs for them.  My feelings were a bit hurt as Jacob had been
quite short to me this morning.  He had been so sweet to me last night and the
difference puzzled me. 

     Jacob and Mary walked into the kitchen holding hands. He wore jeans and a
t-shirt, she was wearing her robe.  While they enjoyed their coffee I cooked and
served their breakfast.  I ate mine at the kitchen counter.  Once they were
finished eating, I cleared off the table and cleaned up the kitchen.  When I
could no longer stand it I asked him, " Please Master, may I ask you if I
displeased you?"   He smiled and told me, " No bitch, you were fine and served
your purpose nicely."  He went on to say, " You will sleep in your own room
until her next period.  You will still service me orally, but until then any
orgasms you get will have to come from Mary."  I looked at Mary and she looked
like the cat that swallowed the canary.  She knew that she had me where she
wanted me, totally under power.  Now it became clear to me that Jacob only
considered me as his convenient cum-dump.  He loved Mary and other than turning
me into a freak slave, didn't care for me at all.  I told him," Yes Master,
thank you."           

     Jacob got up from the table and went into his office to do some paperwork. 
Mary had a smirk on her face as she said, " Let's go to your room girl." 
Although I was reluctant to go with her given the mood she was in, I meekly
said, " Yes ma'am.", and followed her up the two flights of stairs.  Once in my
room, she closed the door behind me.  She ordered me, " Take off that nightie
and look at yourself."  I did as she had told me.  She snarled, " Do you think
something like you could compete with a woman like me?" She opened her robe
exposing her luscious body.  I looked down at my budding breasts and my useless
penis and clearly saw the disadvantage I was at.  She laughed at me then
informed me, " He loves me but only uses you."  I knew she was right and that
made her remarks all the more hurtful.  She had encouraged me to go along with
the changes and now feared that I was trying to take her man away from her.  She
told me, " You will remain here only as long as it pleases me as well as Jacob." 
She grabbed me by scrotum and pulled me close to her then screamed, " Do you
understand?"  I nodded my head vigorously.  Even though my balls were now
useless they were still tender.  Mary smiled, confident she had won and released
her hold on me.  She told me, " I want you to show your submission to me now." 
I asked, " How would like me to do that ma'am?"  She told me, " Kneel in front
of me with your mouth wide open." I knelt before her and she spread her legs and
stepped forward to      release a stream of urine into my mouth.  " She told me,
" Swallow it as fast as you can dearie and don't waste a single drop."  It was
hard to swallow with my mouth wide open, but I finally got it all down.  I
feared I would be sick.  She laughed at me and then said, " Now bitch, I have
fucked you and will do so any time I wish, you have lapped my menstruating pussy
and now have drunk my piss.  Therefore from now on you will call me Mistress. 
Is that clear you sissy freak?"  I answered, " Yes Mistress, you have made that
very clear."  She said, " OK piss breath, go brush your teeth."  She strode out
of the room.  I knew that she was demanding before, but now really feared her. 
She had great power over me and wasn't afraid to use it.

     I went down to the bathroom and gargled with mouthwash and brushed my
teeth.  Then I retreated to my room. I didn't want to look at either of them
now, just wanted to be alone.  I felt very low as I knew that I was nothing but
a slave in this house.  Lay on my bed holding my teddy bear, crying and feeling
depressed.  Mary came into my room after a couple of hours to check on me. She
noticed me wiping tears from my eyes and tried to console me saying, " Don't cry
dearie, I had to make you know what your new status is."  I sat up and replied,
" Yes Mistress and you certainly did that."  She told me, " I came by to let you
know that you wouldn't have to cook for us tonight, Jacob is taking me out for
dinner and dancing.  You can make yourself something to eat."  She noticed my
disappointment at not being included and asked me if I thought an orgasm or two
might cheer me up.  I still resented her earlier abuse of me, but craved an
orgasm.  I whimpered, " Yes Mistress, that would be very nice."  She left the
room leaving me to assume she was going for her strap-on, but much to my
surprise she wasn't wearing it upon her return.  She told me, " I'm not in the
mood to screw you tonight, but here satisfy yourself if you must." She tossed me
a dildo.  She was grinning as she added, " I would suggest you suck it to get it
wet before shoving up your ass."  She was chuckling as she left imagining me
screwing myself all evening while she and Jacob enjoyed their evening out. I
told myself there was no way I would degrade myself like that.

     Jacob hollered for me to come to his bedroom, so I quickly gathered myself
together and hurried downstairs.  I walked into his bedroom and saw him standing
there naked. He pointed to his cock and I went to kneel in front of him.  He
told me, " I want you to drain my balls before I shower, get with it."  He
seemed so curt, but I batted my eyelashes at him and said, " Yes Master, I would
be honored to do so."  He wasn't the least bit subtle, as soon as he was hard,
he began fucking my throat.  I choked, gagged and struggled for air but he
didn't quit until he had shot his load down my throat.  He pulled out leaving me
gasping for air and went off to shower.  Mary was putting on her makeup at her
vanity.  She had witnessed the whole thing in her mirror. She told me, " Nice
job Tricia, now leave us so we can get ready."  I said, " Yes Mistress, thank
you."  I      I struggled to me feet and went back to my room.  I faced a long
lonely night and finally decided to look through some of the girly magazines
stacked on the desk.  I suppose Mary had thought it funny to leave me only such
things to read, but maybe she also believed that it would help me to be more
feminine.  I heard them drive off about an hour later and went downstairs to
make myself a salad.  After eating I went to Jacob's office as I had noticed a
computer in there.  I turned it on and found that luckily there was no password
required.  Out of curiosity, I clicked on the symbol for Internet Explorer and
was delighted when I found myself on the internet. I did a search for
interracial sex to see if I could find out any information that might help me. 
I found a chat room and entered it. When asked to enter a nickname, I typed in
slavehusband.  I thought that best described my situation.  I wasn't online very
long before a new box appeared on my screen. Someone was talking to me.  His
name was BlackMaster4subs.  I typed, " Hello sir."  He had me describe myself in
detail and my situation.  I poured out my story. It felt good to tell my secret
feelings to a stranger.  He asked where I was located and I told him.  He told
me he could use a slave slut like me to entertain customers in his bar in New
Orleans.  I told him thanks and that I was sure I would get plenty of sex there,
but I also told him that I was already owned by Jacob.  He assured me that if I
ever wanted to leave, he would send me a ticket and pick me up at the airport. 
He told me to think about it and signed off.  Next I chatted with another sub
male whose wife went out on weekends. All the submissive's I chatted with all
reassured me that my role was indeed my place.  I finally logged off and went to
my room.

     As soon as I entered my room I saw that black dildo laying on my bed.  I
was very turned on from the chat room and lay down on the bed and took the dildo
into my mouth. I sucked and licked it for a few minutes think of the black dom
in New Orleans.  I thought about how he had told me that he would have me
wearing a micromini skirt and a brief bikini top and going through his nightclub
flirting with men.  I rolled over on my stomach and inserted the dildo in my
ass.  So much for my resolve.  I knew how pitiful I was to be laying there
playing with my boobs and screwing myself like crazy with a fake cock.  I
quickly came and shortly after that fell asleep with it still embedded in me. I
dreamed of being a bar slut in New Orleans.  

     Around three o'clock in the morning Mary and Jacob came home.  Mary told
Jacob, " Let's go check on Tricia."  They went up to my room and Mary flipped on
the light.  " Aha, I knew the bitch would fuck herself.", she screamed.  I awoke
with a start and started to get up. But Jacob shoved me back down on the bed. He
said," So my little slut missed my big cock so much she had to fuck herself."  I
meekly said, " Yes Master."  He laughed out loud and said, " It sure didn't take
me long to turn you into a slut for black cock, did it?"  I blushed and said, "
No Master, it didn't."   He laughed again saying, " Look at the racist pig now,
craving my big black cock like a common slut."  He thought a minute or so and
told Mary to get the video camera.  When she brought it on the tripod, he
pointed at the bed and turned it on.  He told me, " Since you like that thing so
much, you will spend the rest of the night screwing yourself with it. The camera
will film you and you'd better not quit until I say you can.  Do you understand
slut?"  I gasped, but replied, " Yes Master."  I took hold of the end of the
dildo and started fucking myself slow and easy.  They watched for a few minutes
before they left laughing.  After shoving the dildo in and out for a few
minutes, I had an orgasm and took the drab of liquid that came out to lubricate
the dildo.  The hours dragged by and after several orgasms, nothing was coming
out anymore.  The dildo got dry and I used saliva to try to keep it wet.  The
last hour or so was very painful for me, but with that camera running, I dared
not stop.  When Jacob came to my room it was after seven.  He could see that I
was in agony and mercifully told me I could stop.  I pulled out the dildo and
set it aside.  He told me. " I hope you have learned your lesson bitch."  I was
actually crying when I told him, " Yes Master, I certainly did."  He told me, "
I wasn't being cruel, just trying to make the punishment fit the crime."  He
took the camera and left the room. 

     When I tried to stand up, I realized how weak I was, but staggered down to
the bathroom to take a shower.  Even after a nice warm shower, I still felt
dirty.  Jacob was right, in a week he had turned me from a racist, sexist pig to
a sex crazed slut.  My new breasts were a previously unknown source of
stimulation and pleasure.  My once virgin anus now craved cock.  As I applied my
makeup, I was ashamed of what I saw in the mirror.  In a few months, my own hair
would be long enough that I could stop wearing that wig.  Even though I felt
trapped in my situation, I was starting to like being a girl.  Each day my
breasts grew a tiny bit and I wondered what they would be like in a year. 
Already I was a freak with young girl tits and a useless penis.  My voice seemed
higher now too.  Mary was right, there was no going back now.

     When I looked presentable, I went to my room and got dressed, then took the
washed dildo downstairs with me.  Jacob was in his office, and Mary was sitting
at the table reading the Sunday paper and having her coffee.  I walked up to her
and set the dildo on the table.  I said, " Thank you for letting me use this
Mistress."  She smiled knowingly at me and told me," I knew you couldn't resist
using it, I hope you enjoyed it."  I meekly looked down at my feet and admitted,
" Yes Mistress, I enjoyed it the first time."  She giggled at my reply clearly
understanding that the last four hours had been miserable for me.  " Well
Tricia, I hope you know that if you need sexual relief you will have to beg me
for it.  There will be no more of this self help foolishness."  I murmured, "
Yes Mistress I understand that now."  She was not only going to use me as her
lesbian lover, but was going to make me beg her for it too.  Had I treated her
that badly or was she just taking advantage of my submissive status? 

     Jacob walked into the room and sat down at the table. He had me refill his
coffee cup and then asked me, " Were the girls having a nice chat?"  I lied and
said, " Yes Master."  Mary smiled sweetly, smugly confident that I would not
reveal what she had told me.  Jacob asked me, " I s your pussy sore today?"  I
answered, " Yes Master it is, but I know it was my fault, I was a naughty girl." 
He said, " Think no more about it, you have been punished already."  I Gave a
little curtsy and said," Thank you Master."  I went to the kitchen to make a
cake for dessert tonight. Jacob went into the family room to watch football. 
Mary walked up behind me while I was mixing the cake batter and shoved her
finger up my sore ass.  I winced, but said, " Thank you Mistress."  She wiggled
her finger a few times but it only caused me pain.  She pulled her finger out
and had me suck it.  She giggled and told me, " You are pathetic."  I replied,"
Yes Mistress, I    know I am."  She went to sit beside Jacob.

     When they had finished their meal and the table was cleared off, Jacob told
me, " Go to your room Tricia, there will be no threesome for you tonight."  I
told him, " Yes Master, thank you."  I really meant it as I had little sleep
last night.  I went to my room, undressed and slipped into a nightie then
crawled into bed.  My bottom still hurt from the four hours of abuse early this
morning. Even as tired as I was, I fondled myself for a few futile minutes
before giving up and going to sleep. 

     When I awoke in the morning, I felt much better.  I dressed and went
downstairs to get the coffee going.  An hour or so later Jacob walked in wearing
his suit and tie.  He had his usual toast and coffee and left.  Mary came down
dressed in her business suit and just had coffee.  She asked me, " Do you
remember the chores for Monday Tricia?"  I replied, " Yes Mistress, Changing the
sheets, doing the laundry and ironing."  She smirked at me and said, " I'd love
to stay and play with you dearie, but it's time I got back to work."  She
finished her coffee and left for her office. I was happy to see her go, my ass
was still sore and I certainly didn't want to be her toilet again.  Hurrying to
get my work done, I quickly stripped the beds and changed the sheets, gathered
up the laundry, sorted it and put in the first load.  I wanted to get back
on-line and chat with unknown people.  The chat session on Saturday night had
been quite stimulating and reassuring. It was clear that many black men liked
having white women and also loved humiliating their husbands.  Those submissive
white sissies had let me know I wasn't alone. I thought I could chat for half an
hour and still get my work done.

     Everything worked out as I had figured it. I had a chat with a black man
who claimed to be a cruel master.  When I told him what had happened to me, he
thought it was funny. He also told me that he would have treated me much
harsher.  When we finished our chat I realized that Jacob was fairly kind to me. 
I logged off and went to finish the laundry and ironing.  I skipped lunch to
make up for the time spend on-line.  The laundry was all put away and the
ironing finished by the time Jacob walked in.  He told me, " Take off your shirt
and bra, I want to see your titties while you suck me off."  I said, " Yes
Master." , and stripped to the waist.  I knelt before him and took out his cock
and soon had him rock hard. He pinched my nipples while I was sucking, but
grabbed my head when he started thrusting down my throat.  I was struggling for
air but he soon shot his come down my throat and released me.  He said, " Good
work girl, you have really learned to suck cock well."  He lifted me up and
kissed each of my nipples, which sent shivers through me.  He told me to get him
a drink, which I quickly did.  When I handed him his drink, he asked me, " How's
your pussy doing?"  I told him, " It's still tender Master, but ready for you
whenever you so desire."  He laughed at that and remarked, " I knew you were a
bitch the moment I saw you."  He went to watch the evening news and I went to
finish preparing supper. 

     Mary walked in a little late and had me fix her a drink too.  She took the
drink and went to sit by Jacob until supper was served. I was invited to eat
with them tonight and was delighted to do so.  I was glad to see them eat the
meal I had cooked, I took pride in the fact I was getting to be a pretty good
cook.  Mary talked about her first day back to work and seemed excited that had
some interesting cases to work on.  Jacob announce that his construction firm
had landed a good contract on a government project.  I felt inferior to these
two important people since all I had accomplished today was laundry, ironing and
giving a blow job.  No wonder I was there servant.  At the end of the meal, they
went to watch television for awhile and I cleaned up the kitchen.  After the
10:00 o'clock news they told me to come with them.  We had our typical
threesome, I sucked him hard and stood by while they had fantastic sex.  After
they were finished, I licked them both clean and was sent off to my room.

     The rest of the week followed pretty much the same pattern, each day I
hurried through my chores to save a half an hour for chatting on the computer. 
It was the only time that I felt independent.  Each day Jacob would use my mouth
when he got home and each night we would have a 'threesome'.  On Thursday
Morning Mary told me to prepare a grocery list of things we needed.  I wound up
with quite a list which I gave to her on Thursday night.  She handed me a sack
and told me to go try them on.  I went up to my room and found the bag contained
a pair of pink capri pants, a matching low cut blouse and purse.  When I went
downstairs to show her she told me," You look darling in those dearie."  I said,
" Thank you Mistress, but what are these for?"  She said, " You silly girl, all
your clothes are too sexy to wear to the grocery store."  Grocery store?  I
couldn't imagine going out of the house like I was now.  She handed me her car
keys and told me that I could take her car and get all the things on the list. 
I told her, " But Mistress, I have no money."  Jacob handed me three $100 bills.
He told me , " Be sure that you get a receipt and bring home the exact change. 
I said , " Yes Master, of course."  I was very nervous about going out in
public, and also amazed that they would trust me with her car and $300.  That
they did, showed their confidence that I was under their control.  Even during
our 'threesome' that night I worried about going out of the house.  I had become
accustomed to my place here and dreaded going out as a girl.  

    The next morning, I dressed in the pink outfit and matching heels.  Looking
at myself in the mirror, I knew I looked like a slut on the make.  Mary told me
I looked fine before she left for work.  I thought she wanted me to look like a
trollop.  They hadn't pierced my ears yet, so I wore clip-on hoop earrings.  I
waited until after the morning rush hour and then went to the garage.  Mary's
car was there and she had the garage door opener on the console.  Since I had no
key to the house, the garage would be my only entrance on my return.  I opened
the garage door, gathered my nerve for a minute and backed out closing the door
behind me.  I knew the city and drove to a grocery store in a middle class area. 
I hoped to find a better class of people there than in our neighborhood.  I had
my driver's license in my purse, but prayed that I wouldn't have to show it.  I
drove like an old lady, being very careful to obey the laws.     

     Once at the store, I parked and strode in like I belonged there.  False
bravado covering my insecurities.  I got a cart and started going up and down
each aisle selecting items on my list.  Once an older man asked me where the
spices were located, and I had to tell him in a soft feminine voice that this
was my first time in the store.  He walked away none the wiser and I got more
confidence.  By the time I had the items I had put on the list and the few
things that Mary had added, my cart was filled up.  I went to the check out
stand to pay for the items and was delighted to see the total come out to
$276,35.  I gave my $300 to the clerk and received back $23.75 in change.  The
clerk had the bag boy carry my groceries out to the car for me.  I thanked the
young man and wanted to give him a tip, but feared coming home without the exact
change. 

     Driving very carefully, I got back to our house, pushed the button on the
opener and, thank god, it opened.  I backed into the garage and closed the door. 
I was very relieved to have made the trip without any trouble.  Had I really
become so feminine in such a short time?  It took me several trips to empty the
car and even longer to put all the stuff away.  Deciding to save my shopping
outfit for trips out fo the house, I changed back into a skirt and white blouse.
I thought I deserved a break and went to Jacob's computer.  Today I talked with
another sissy husband and also a black dominant.  The sissy only had to dress
fem on weekends, the black dom claimed to have trained several male slaves.  He
told me to get a dildo and fuck myself, that's when I logged off.  I had learned
my lesson!  I completed my Friday chores by the time Jacob came home.  What a
relief!  He had me lift my skirt and reached down to fondle my testicles.  He
smiled and said, " They are shrinking nicely, I'm glad that I didn't cut them
out."    While I was servicing him, he reminded that he was having a party
tomorrow night.  He told me, " I want you to make a bunch of munchies and to
serve my guests like a cocktail waitress."  When he finally pulled his cock out
of my throat, I said, " Yes Master, I would love to."  As bad as it was having
him fucking my throat, at least his load was deposited beyond my taste buds so I
didn't have to taste it. He asked me to give him the receipt from the grocery
store and his change.  I had that stuff laying on the counter and quickly
retrieved it for him.  He scanned the bill and counted his change before saying,
" Good girl, it comes out perfect, just as it should."  He patted me on the head
and went to watch the news. 

     Mary came in a bit later and I handed her a glass of wine.  She commented,"
I love the way your voice sounds now Tricia, it must be an octave higher than
before.  It sounds very ladylike now."  I softly said, " Thank you Mistress." 
Her hand slipped under my skirt and she caressed my bare fanny.  She asked
sweetly, " Is my girl feeling horny?"  I blushed because I truly was. I hadn't
had an orgasm since early Sunday morning.  I softly said, " Yes Mistress."  She
then asked, " Will you gladly pay homage for me to take care of you?"  I knew
what that meant and wasn't sure that I was willing to drink her piss just to get
off.  She ran her finger down my crack and touched my asshole.  I said, " Yes
Mistress, I will gladly do that, if it pleases you."  She smirked as she told
me, " I knew you would."  She went to sit with Jacob until supper was served. 

     After supper was finished, Jacob told Mary, " Sorry dear, I just have to
work on my new contract proposal tonight, I want to submit it on Monday."  She
replied, " That's all right , I can find something to amuse myself while you're
busy."  I had a good idea of what her amusement would consist of and hurried to
clean up the kitchen.  Mary told me, " Tricia, go to your room and wait for me
there."  I nervously said, " Yes Mistress.", and climbed the stairs to my room. 
Once there I took off my clothes and sat naked waiting for Mary to show up.  She
kept me waiting for about 15 minutes and I fondled my tiny balls and stroked my
penis in the vain hope of getting an erection.  She finally walked in wearing
her robe and said, " You horny little slut, you can't wait can you?"  I blushed
when I admitted, " No Mistress, I wish to serve you."  She chuckled, then said,
" I want you to beg me to let you be my toilet."  This was getting to be
outrageously humiliating for me, but then she held out her hands showing me they
held her strap-on and a tube of lube.  I was so horny that I begged, " Please
Mistress, would you use my mouth for your toilet?"  She smiled and said, " Yes
my little slave, I will. Kneel in front of me."  I knelt naked in front of her. 
She fondled my breasts and pulled my face to her crotch.  She told me," Open
wide and don't spill a single golden drop."  She released a stream directly into
my mouth and I had to swallow quickly to keep from spilling any. She must have
been holding it in for hours. I drank so much that I was now full.  She finally
stopped and let me breathe a bit.  She told me, " That my little slut will be
the price for you to come.  Whenever you get horny, just sweetly ask me if you
can be my toilet.  If you are willing to humble yourself like that for me, I
will be happy to screw you."  She pulled my head back to her crotch and had me
lick her to an orgasm before she told me, " All right, get on the bed and assume
the position."

     As quickly as I could I got on the bed on all fours.  I felt her lubricate
my ass and waited impatiently while she strapped on the dildo.  She knelt behind
me and shoved her way into me.  Holding my nipples, she rode me wildly until I
had three orgasms.  When she pulled out of my I was weak and still quivering. 
She gave me a light slap on my bottom saying, " You may stay here and go to
sleep baby, you've earned a rest."  She walked out of the room, turning off the
light on her way out.  I stayed on all fours for a few minutes, before I crawled
under the covers and slept like the well fucked slut I was.

     The next morning I took a warm shower, shaved my body, applied my makeup,
dressed and went downstairs.  Mary gave me a good morning kiss on the cheek when
I brought her a cup of coffee.  I made breakfast for them and they let me eat
with them again.  Jacob told me, " I want you to look very pretty tonight Tricia
and serve our guests politely."  I assured him that I would make him proud of
me.  After breakfast, Jacob went to his office to work for awhile.  Mary went to
read her book and I went to start making snacks for the party.  By the time I
was finished we had enough food to feed an army.  We had an early supper and
Jacob and Mary went to get ready.  I changed into a new outfit, sprayed myself
with a bit of perfume and redid my makeup.  I wanted to look pretty for Master's
guests.

     By seven o'clock all was ready and so were we.  The first guests arrived
about twenty minutes later.  I went to the door and let them in.  They soon
started arriving in bunches and well before eight the place was full of people. 
Spike and his men showed up as a group accompanied by two white girls.  The look
he gave me sent shivers down my spine.  I really feared him and was glad that
Jacob considered me his property.  As I circulated through the crowd, delivering
drinks the men seemed to take me for granted, but the women laughed at me. 
Three ladies cornered me and lifted my skirt.  One of them said, " I can see why
Mary chose Jacob, that little dickie looks like a toy."  I was blushing and
feeling very humiliated by their jeers and snide remarks.  Another one said,"
You must eat pussy real good for Mary to keep you around.  Do you eat pussy
good?"  I meekly said, " Yes ma'am, I do." They all laughed at my response. 
Spike and his girl came over and after seeing my standing there with my bare
bottom showing, walked over to Jacob.  Jacob motioned for me to come to him and
the girls let me go.  I was happy to be away from those cruel women. 

     Jacob told me, " Spike wants to see your room, show it to him and be nice
to him."  I apprehensively said, " Yes Master."  I led Spike and his girl
upstairs to my room.  When I turned on the light, she said, " It looks so girly,
you must be happy here."  I told her, " Yes Ma'am I am." Spike asked me, " Do
you eat pussy you sissy bitch?"  I was shocked by his question but replied, "
Yes sir."  " Good',  he exclaimed, " Eat this one."  His girl had raised her
skirt and I noticed that she wore no panties.  I was afraid to disobey him and
sank to my knees and began licking her pussy.  She grabbed my ears and held my
head where she wanted it.  She was humping against my face and soon had an
orgasm.  Spike said, " She loves that and I won't do it. Real men fuck women. 
Only white wimps eat pussy."  His girl told me, " Thanks honey, that was very
nice of you to please me like that."  I looked up at her and said, " You're very
welcome ma'am."  I started to get up, but Spike put his hand on my shoulder and
held me down.  He told me, " Stay down there, bitch, you're not finished yet." 
I thought, " Oh no, he's going to make me suck him."  He saw the fear in my eyes
and said, " I'm going to teach you to play the trombone."  Trombone?  He dropped
his pants and told me," Crawl around behind me."  I did as he ordered.  " He
told me, " Now lick my asshole and while you do that reach around and stroke my
cock."  I gasped!  He couldn't be serious could he?  He warned me, " Don't make
me tell you again, just obey."  I put my tongue gingerly on his asshole.  He
said that's the way girl, lick it like it's candy and start stroking."  I began
licking and stroking his cock at the same time.  He soon was very hard and I
stroked and licked away hoping to end the ordeal as quickly as possible.  His
girl was laughing at me and Spike told her, " We used to make the white boys do
this when I was in jail.  They didn't like it either, but also obeyed."  He told
me, " Stick your tongue in there girl."  I forced my tongue  inside his hairy
hole.  By the time he shot his load I was totally degraded and in tears.  He
pulled up his pants and led me back down to the party. 

     He led me back to Jacob and told him, " Your slave girl has musical talent,
I just taught her to play the trombone."  Jacob roared with laughter when he
heard that.  Spikes men also thought that was very funny.  Mary looked puzzled,
so Jacob told her, " I'll explain it later dear, maybe even show you what that
means."  He asked me, " Well Tricia, did you enjoy it?"  I sobbed out, " No
Master, it was horrible."  He replied, " It didn't hurt anything but your pride
and if you had any of that you wouldn't have become a girl for me."  He walked
away leaving me standing there afraid to look at anyone for a few minutes before
i collected myself enough to resume my hostess duties.  As I mingled through the
crowd, those same three black women that had cornered me before managed to
surround me again.  One of them told me, " We want to see your tits girl."  I
pleaded, " Please ma'am, not here in front of all these people."  She said, "
Are you going to take off that blouse, or do we take it off of you."  My
response was to start unbuttoning my blouse.  When it was undone, I slipped it
off.  " Now the bra too, we want them bare."  I unhooked my bra and slipped out
of it.  One woman took my blouse and bra and threw them in the corner.  My
breasts now filled a B cup and stood straight out from my body.  I felt very
exposed and  my nipples were hard.  I was blushing with shame.  The woman told
me, " Be proud of those girl, men love them and so should you."  They let me go,
but I would remain topless for the rest of the night. 

     Around 4 AM, the last of the guests were leaving.  Spike and his girl came
up to me.  She told me sweetly, " Thanks baby, that really felt good when you
ate my pussy."  Spike gave me a wink and said, " See you again Tricia, we can
practice your musical skills."  He laughed, tweaked my nipple and walked out the
door.  I was very happy to see him go.  Jacob told me, " The cleanup can wait
until morning, you can go to bed now."  I was happy to hear him say that as I
was very tired and said, " Yes Master, thank you."  I retrieved my blouse and
bra and went up to my room.  I stripped off my skirt, shoes, garter belt and
hose and crawled into my bed.  Reliving my ordeal with Spike in my mind, I
wondered how I could have sunk so low in such a short time.  In my former life I
wouldn't have even talked with someone like Spike and tonight I had licked his
ass and stroked him to a climax.  Jacob had been right, I had no pride. I
fondled my breasts until I fell asleep.

     The next morning, I slipped into a nightie, stepped into my heels and went
downstairs to start cleaning up the remains of the party.  I put on the coffee
and started right in picking up drink glasses, emptying ashtrays and collecting
trash.  By the time Jacob and Mary came down, the house looked presentable
again.  They were having their coffee when Mary asked him, " What was that
trombone thing all about anyway?  You said you'd tell me later."  I cringed
hoping that he wouldn't explain the humiliating thing I had done last night. He
didn't.  He said, " Better yet. I'll show you.  Come here Tricia and show Mary
how you play the trombone."  I was crushed, but knew I dare not refuse his
order.  I knelt in front of him and undid his pants and slid them down.  I had
tears in my eyes as I moved behind him.  I licked his asshole and stroked his
cock with both hands to the sound of Mary's laughter.  I kept licking and
stroking until just before his orgasm when Jacob turned around and shot his load
into my mouth.  Mary clapped with glee and exclaimed, " That was wonderful! 
Thank you Jacob darling. That was so much better than a simple explanation." 
She came over to where I still knelt and kissed me on the cheek and said," Thank
you for your part in the demonstration too Tricia."  I could have not been less
sincere when I told her, " You're welcome Mistress." 

     While they were eating their breakfast, Mary told me, " By the way Tricia,
you looked lovely last night when you were topless, I think you no longer need
to wear a bra with padding."  I told her, " Thank you Mistress."  For the rest
of the day I wore only my nightie with no bra underneath. The feeling was great
not having my boobs confined in a bra.

     The next three months went by fairly normally, I had gotten the housework
routine down pat.  My days were still busy, but not frantic.  Most evenings I
took part in a 'threesome' but still got screwed by Jacob during Mary's periods. 
Those were the best times for me as I felt like a needed part of the family. 
Jacob always treated me sweetly when I was sleeping with them and serving as his
bitch.  I had gotten to love the taste of semen, both his large doses and my own
puny dribbles.  He hadn't repeated or even mentioned the trombone thing, which I
was very grateful for.  I had adapted to my place here and preferred being the
housewife to working at my former meaningless job.  My breasts had stopped
growing when they were a C cup.  I loved them and how feminine they made me
feel. 

     One night at supper just as I was counting the days until her next period,
she told Jacob that she had missed her period and thought she might be pregnant. 
Jacob got up from the table and gave her a big kiss.  My first reaction was one
of being surprised, Mary had always been to career oriented to stop taking the
pill.  My second selfish thought was how disappointed I was to be losing my bed
position for the near future.  Mary positively glowed as she made her
announcement.  I could only think of how much more work I would be doing with a
baby in the house.  Jacob told her to get a pregnancy test and she told him she
had one.  After supper they went upstairs and she performed the test.  They came
back down delighted.  My wife was going to have his baby!

     Jacob went into his office to work on his computer.  Mary asked me, "
Aren't you happy for me Tricia?"  I lied and said, " Yes Mistress, you will be a
good mother."  She smiled at that and told me, " And you will be a great nanny
too dearie."  She told me, " Come on sweetie, let's go to your room.  To
celebrate this happy occasion, I will fuck you without you having to beg me for
it."  That offer I was thrilled to accept.  I went to my room and stripped
naked.  Mary showed up a few minutes later wearing her strap-on.  I didn't have
to be her toilet, instead she lay with me on the bed and we kissed and cuddled
like two lovers.  She fondled my breasts and I fondled hers for some time before
she had me get on my hands and knees.  She lubricated my asshole and shoved the
dildo inside me.  Instead of the usual furious screwing, she used long slow
strokes and made love to me for over an hour.  It was so romantic, it wasn't
like being raped at all.  When she had brought me to three orgasms, she pulled
out and kissed me on the mouth.  She told me, " You are so sweet to have changed
for me.  I love you better as Tricia than I ever did as my husband."  I
answered, " Thank you Mistress, that means a lot to me."  She got up and left
saying, " Just stay in bed dearie, I know you're tired."  I thought that was so
sweet of her and crawled under the covers to sleep.

     Two days later, Jacob came home with some pills and told me, " I want you
to take two of these each morning and another two each evening."  I said, " Yes
Master, may I ask what they are for?"  He firmly stated, " They are to be taken
because I said so."  I felt chastised and said, " Yes Master."  I took two
immediately.  Over the next few weeks I noticed my breasts were getting fuller. 
I read the bottle and one day while they were both at work, I went on Jacob's
computer and did a search for Fenugreek.  What I found shocked me, they were
pills to increase the amount of milk flow.  I did a search for men breast
feeding babies and found that it was possible.  Damn, they were planning on
having me nurse their child!  Mary would have the baby and return to work,
leaving me to raise the baby.  They had obviously planned this out well before
she got pregnant.  From what I had read on the internet, Jacob would be getting
me another drug to bring in my milk when the time was right.  I kept this
information to myself, but felt sure that I knew what lie in store for me. That
night I cried myself to sleep again, any hopes I had that Mary would someday
leave Jacob were now gone.

     As the weeks went by, Mary got bigger and bigger, but also more radiant. 
She loved the idea of having his baby.  After she got too big for comfortable
sex, Jacob had me start sleeping with them again.  He would use me each night
before going to sleep and usually wake me during the night for a repeat
performance.  He was a manly man and his virility never ceased to amaze me.  I
was in heaven, I felt very close to him. In the last two weeks before Mary
delivered, Jacob started milking my breasts every day.  Despite the fact that I
was born a man, milk was coming out of my tits.  Despite what I had read on the
internet, I found this amazing.  Mary watched with fascination and even sucked
milk from my breasts herself.  They were delighted their plan was working out. 
The day Jacob took Mary to the hospital in labor, he asked me if I wanted Spile
and his friends to babysit me.  I quickly replied, " No Master, I will be fine
alone, thank you."  He laughed and left me alone.  He didn't come home that
night, but called me the next morning.  He said, " We had a boy, 7 pounds 2
ounces and it looks like he will be hung like his dad."  I Congratulated him and
then he told me, I'm going to stay here a few more hours with Mary, milk
yourself before I get home."  I told him, " Yes Master.", and he hung up.  I sat
on the chair and milked my breasts until nothing more came out, catching the
discharge in a glass to show Master. 

     That night he came home and had me sit on his lap. He told me it was time
for a talk.  He asked, " Do you know why I made you get milk in your fine
breasts?"  I replied, " I think so Master, you want me to nurse the baby."  He
smiled and said, " I always knew you were a smart girl, that's right. Mary felt
that with her new partnership, she couldn't afford to take too much time from
work."  He fondled my beasts as he said, " I did some research and found out the
you could do that chore for her.  You will be his wet nurse as well as his
nanny."  I was breathing heavy from his ministrations, but murmured, " Yes
Master."  He took me by the hand and led me to his bed.  As he screwed me from
behind, he milked my breasts again.  When he was done, he cuddled with me and
told me, " You will make a great mother to my son.  I will get you some clothes
that don't look so slutty.  After all you're going to be a mother now."  I told
him, " Thank    you Master, that will be nice." 

     When Jacob came home the next evening he brought a rocking chair with him. 
He also set up a cot in the other bedroom on the second floor.  He told me, "
You will sleep in the nursery until Jacob junior no longer needs you.  The
rocking chair is for you to use while nursing him."  He also gave me a nursing
bra and a shawl.  He told me, Mary will be coming home with our baby tomorrow,
so we'd better get to bed early tonight. He took me by the hand and led me to
his bedroom.  He milked my breasts, which felt good. Lately they had become
painful if not milked regularly.  The herbs and drugs he had supplied with had
worked out well as far as me nursing was concerned.  Then he made love to me and
cuddled with me afterwards. At first I had been puzzled that for the past two
weeks he hadn't used me orally, but decided that he didn't want to taint my
milk.  That was fine with me as I didn't like that anyway.

     Shortly after noon the next day, Jacob brought Mary and their son home. 
Mary handed me the baby and told me, " Take him to his room dearie, and stay
with him to tend to his needs."  I replied, " Yes Mistress." , and did as she
had told me.  Once in the nursery, I sat in my rocker and held the baby.  I
thought of how racist I used to be and was amazed that now I was caring for a
black baby.  When he awoke, I put him to my breast and he began to suckle. 
Taking those hormones and drugs all seemed worth it now.  My tits were being
used for more than making me look like a girl.  I knew that I loved that baby
and that I would spend the next twenty years or so taking care of him.

     The next four weeks Mary stayed home recuperating.  She would hold the baby
sometimes but always handed him to me to be fed.  Jacob still screwed me every
night, but once he was finished, I went to sleep on my cot in the nursery. 
Twice a night the baby would awaken and I would nurse him and change his diaper
before going back to sleep.  My nipples were cracked and very sore but I felt
very maternal.  I was tired from lack of uninterrupted sleep, tending the baby
and keeping up with my housework.  Now I was a member of the family and felt
very needed.  Mary had taken pills to dry up her milk once she knew that Jacob
junior was getting all the nourishment he needed from me. 

     Once six weeks had passed since the birth of the baby, Jacob and Mary
started having sex again and I became merely the nanny.  Jacob treated me very
nicely and even Mary was sweet towards me.  While I nursed her baby, she told me
how sweet I was and how maternal I looked.  She even used her strap-on to bring
me to orgasm without paying homage to her.  The clothes I wore were still
dresses, but more like a housewife than the slut stuff I used to wear.  Despite
being forced into this situation, I knew that I was happier being a woman than I
ever was as a man.       




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mwmsissy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





