BDSM Library - The Truth About The Darkness




The Truth About The Darkness
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A women goes to prison for her son and descovers a new of way surviving with some of the female inmates.
The truth about the darkness.
By littlered

You've all heard the stories, well this is mine.

 My chains rattle beside my feet as the bus travelled across the open country.
The view was wonderful and I made sure I took in every second of the
breathtaking view. This would be the last time I'd see it for sometime. The
fields seemed to melt into the distant hills, the sheep and cattle were grazing
as if they hadn't a care in the world. I watched a kestrel hovering for a few
seconds then it swooped down so gracefully so catch its meal. How I envied that
solitary kestrel, totally free and unaware of the evils of this world.

 Soon the hills gave way to the walls and wire of the prison complex, I shut my
eyes for a second trying to imprint the images I had just viewed then turned to
take a look at the rest of the prisoners. They gave me the shivers, they all had
body art and piercing's and were chatting to one another as if they'd known each
other years. I felt so out of place, I was the only one who hadn't spoken a word
on that journey, I had sat in my floral dress with my long autumn red hair
hanging neatly down my back and tried to sit as lady like as I could with the
chained restrictions.

 Was all this trouble going to be worth it? My son had been growing cannabis in
our loft, I didn't know but I accepted the responsibility to save him as he was
training to become a doctor and it would have gone to waste if that was on his
record. He's going to do so much with his life unlike myself I'm still a lowly
receptionist at some dodgy computer firm, what have I got to lose? What have I
got to lose? This is the first thought that came into my head. If I'd have known
exactly what I was going to lose maybe my train of thought would have been
different, Then again.

The wheels came to a screeching halt and we were ordered off the bus in line.
This was going to be my home for the next twelve months. I looked around and
surveyed my surroundings, Plain grey brick with a multitude of bars and barbed
wire. I had seen them on the telly but nothing prepares you for the moment you
are standing there with the chains on knowing as soon as that big gate closes
this is your life and you have to deal with it no matter what.

Its strange how as soon as you walk down that pathway with the other inmates
staring at you, your insides churn and twist around, your mind becomes foggy and
all you can think of is surviving. Nothing else, just surviving. Its not the
time you spend there that changes you, it's the instant those gates close and
you walk the path between the inmates, they spit and curse at you whilst
greeting and cheering those who are returning from re-offending.

From that moment I knew I was the outsider, as I looked around at the inmates I
saw no-one like me, I had the classic Roman Catholic background. I went to
church every Sunday; I was even the head of our local choir. I had got married
when I was 22 and I had never had pre-marital relations. I was now coming into
my 40s and still I was as prissy as ever. One of my most vivid recollections is
that cold damp claustrophobic room, I stood there unknowing totally oblivious to
what was going to happen next. I saw the desk and the chairs and assumed it was
an interview or paper work of some sort, how wrong could I have been.

The door opened and a tall robust blonde figure appeared. "Well come on we
haven't got all day you know" she said standing there ogling me. "Come on what?"
I ask feebly and totally innocently.

"I need to strip search you before you are taken to the holding cells. Now can
we please get a move on, I've thirty other prisoners to do and I want to get off
in an hour." she said as she came forward and took the strap off my dress, as if
to help me unclothe. I was a grown women I didn't need unclothing by some
overweight women who looks like she's fresh from the Russian wrestling team.

 I unclothed with her help, I daren't say anything to the contrary she was hell
bent on having me undress as quickly as possible. I was mortified when I saw
another women appear and take away my clothes. There I stood totally naked you
have no idea of the thoughts that ran through my mind, but if you have a good
imagination you can visualise. She bent me over the desk, running her fingers
lightly over my spine from the base of my neck to the crack of my behind. Slowly
she inserted two fingers deep inside my anus, stretching the skin widely and
trying to peer in as she went. I shuddered when I felt her trying to force more
fingers inside there, to my horror after some effort she managed four I think. I
didn't dare to look.
She pushed me onto the desk on my back and spread my legs wide, after cupping
and rolling my tender erect breast in her hands she slid them down to my damp
wet crotch. I took a deep breath and held it whilst she positioned herself
staring directly between my legs, then she slid her fingers deep inside me
stretching me wide open and gawping inside the widely parted hole.

 "You're going to have to wait there, I knew you were going to be trouble." she
said as she pulled my face closer to hers and left the room. On her return she
had a bucket with her and something small in her fingertips. "Just stay where
you are, I'll tell you when you can move."

 I clenched my buttocks tightly together as she seemed to be forcing something
inside my bottom using her fingers to get it as far up as possible. "Get up and
wait, when you feel you must go use the bucket, do you understand?" she boomed
at me.

 "Yes Miss, I understand." I retorted feebly. I didn't though, I didn't have a
clue. I was soon about to find out though.
I was made to stand in the corner while she stood there watching me, watching
every single move I made. My tummy started to rumble and I felt these dull,
aching cramps in my lower bowels, I started to pace round the room, them came
that awful moment I felt a sudden urge to 'poo' so to speak I dashed over to the
bucket and held my tummy tightly as I rocked backwards and forwards squeezing
out what was left of what felt like my entire insides.

 I had to crawl off that bucket my insides hurt so much, I felt so degraded. I
crawled into the corner and sat there hugging my knees rocking forwards and
backwards trying to ease the cramps and watched the women as she sifted through
my shit, lifting it up and examining it closely. I felt so ill I wanted to be
sick. Some horrid blue dungarees were thrown at me, I hurriedly got dressed and
left the room, following another female officer to my cell.

 That first night I just cried, I sobbed from dusk till dawn when the breakfast
bell went and the cells were unlocked. I walked inline, talked in line, ate in
line, showered in line, even went to the toilet in line for the next few weeks.
There was a group of girls who were in the same block as me and during our
'free' time while we were to go to the telly room or play pool, etc they would
taunt me and pick on me, Calling me prissy, One day the leader of the group
grabbed my hair and dragged me close to her, "Better watch your back grahams,
I'm waiting for you." she whispered.

I was so scared I stayed in my cell from then on, little did I realise that's
exactly what they wanted. Once when I was in my cell the group of girls, I'd say
around six of them, entered my room and surrounded me, I was so scared. The
leader Zoï¿½ came over to my bunk and sat with me "We can do this the easy way or
the hard way." she said as she winked at me.

 I knew what she wanted, I had heard rumours about them and I'd heard the
stories of those who didn't comply with her so I lay back slowly and embraced
her advances on me. She slipped her fingers inside my mouth and I chocked at
first till she put mine in hers and sucked on them tenderly, I followed by
example. I didn't want to upset her.

 I lavishly suckled on her finger tips as her other hand started to wander down,
I felt it moving beyond my breasts and beneath my belly, I breathed in slowly as
she slipped them gently between my thighs, using little pressure to prize them
apart I moved forward to her as she approached to kiss me and kissed her in
return. The feeling was unbelievable but then something stirred inside me, I
didn't want to be here, I didn't belong here and I didn't want to do this. I
pushed her away and one of her friends came and pinned me down to the bed by my
shoulders. I tried to kick out and struggle as much as possible then another
came and pinned my legs open grabbing a sheet off the top bunk and tying my legs
securely to the support posts of the bunk beds. The binding was so tight that it
hurt my ankles and in that instant I knew my first decision would have been the
brighter one. I wriggled and tried to make it as difficult as possible as they
removed my clothing. One by one they did as they pleased with me I remember
however being forced to lick one of them out, the tall black one who I later
found out was called Rachel, the eating of her pussy made me feel ill at first.
I had never done anything of the sort before and quite frankly the thought of
anything like it had repulsed me but I did as I was told anyway, mostly as I was
tied and bound and feared for my safety if I refused and second because when she
was licking me it felt strangely good.

 The second time they came to my room I remained calm, I didn't struggle as
before and this time I have to admit was a much better experience although I was
there slave and this time I got no pleasure of my own they made me pleasure them
instead. I knelt on the floor when requested and licked and used my fingers till
I was exhausted. I still remember Rachel when she crouched over me for me to
lick her pussy she spread her legs so wide then laughing with the others began
to urinate on me. My clothes were soaking I felt like a human toilet. Used
abused and just so humiliated.

 This became routine I don't know whether I hated it or whether I enjoyed it, I
think it was a mix of both to be honest. Time went on and the sessions got
longer and more expressive and intense. I was used in all manner of ways. From
the small meaningless tasks as fetching and carrying when we weren't playing I
had to follow the group like I was dog, regularly I was made to go about on my
knees at their heels. The sort of things I was made to do I'm sure I have no
need to go into detail with.

 Then came the change. It was the first Monday of the month and my fourth Monday
at the prison. I had heard there was a new group of prisoners arriving on the
Wednesday and I'd been hoping and praying that I'd be finally released by then.
That day Rachel came to my cell and sat on the bed. "I know how you are feeling,
we are all introduced this way, I've come to make you an offer." she said
looking into my eyes." If you are prepared to go through the initiation you can
become our equal and help us introduce a new girl on Wednesday"

 I thought about it for a minute and to be honest I was scared of they would do
if I refused but also somewhere deep down inside the hidden recesses of my mind
the idea appealed to me. "What would I have to do?" I asked shyly.

 "You have to let me pierce you on your kitty bits dear. You've seen mine and
the others, well that's how we initiate someone into our group, we all started
where you did but you have proved worthy, a rare gift which I'd like to harness
and develop for you."

 I took a deep breath and thought for a few minutes, a piercing wasn't exactly
for life was it? I could remove it if I no longer wanted it and I remembered how
they would squirm and wriggle in ecstasy if I tickled the barbell or ring with
my tongue.

 "Does it hurt?" I asked "No, not really, it goes a little over sensitive for a
few days but wow it sure makes you giggle when you walk."

"It doesn't actually go through there though, does it?" I asked.

 "No ,it goes in the hood, you'll have the same as me a vertical hood piercing
the most amount of pleasure for the least pain investment trust me." she said
smiling. "Ok then. I'll do it." I said in one breath so quickly as if I would
change my mind in a flash. Now I had said yes, there was no turning back.

 The following day the girls came to my room. Rachel had the ring in her fingers
and Zoï¿½ had the needle and stuff. I felt a huge lump hit the back of my throat
as I dropped my dungarees to the floor and lay on the bed. Zoï¿½ slid herself her
between my thighs neatly and started tugging slightly on my clit, I later found
out that was to perk it up ready for the piecing. I shut my eyes and gritted my
teeth as I felt her putting the tube in place. Too late to change my mind now I
thought.

 In all honesty though it wasn't as bad as what I thought, like a little startle
before I knew the jewellery was in place. I looked down "Wow it's so pretty." I
said suddenly as I looked at my newly pierced clit, I was so proud I had done it
and Rachel was right, god it felt so good. Rachel knelt forward and christened
it licking it lightly rubbing it over my clit and twisting it slightly with her
tongue. She told me how to look after my newly acquired body enhancement then
they left me to it saying tomorrow we get the chance to pick a new slave and it
was my turn, with a little guidance of course.
I remembered how I felt when I first got off the bus and walked down the path,
this time I was at the other side and looked like everyone else. I joined in the
jeering and fitted in with my group nicely. In a place like this the last thing
you want to become is an outsider.

 There she was, I spotted her as soon as she had got off the bus. She looked
exactly like I must have looked when I first emerged into the prison world and I
pointed her out to Rachel. "Good pick girl, excellent choice, just how I like
'em all innocent looking, the more innocent they look the dirtier their
secrets." she said and winked at me.

 That night I moved my fingers down to my fresh piercing and tickled the ball,
it felt so good. I carried on bringing myself to the edge as I thought of that
prissy little slut I'd seen get off the bus and the new experiences she was
going to receive, the thought of her strip search and enema just sent me over
the edge. I had some wonderful dreams that night. I was turning into what I had
once despised, I don't know what I wanted or what turned me on more, did I envy
the new girl and all her new experiences, did I wish for it to be me yet again
or was I looking forward to having her as my slave, making her pleasure me and
pleasure me. I'd make her do time and time again, her name was Kayleigh and
Rachel was right she did turn out to have dirty secrets.

 Needless to say my twelve months went quickly after the first one, would I do
it all again? I don't know but I wouldn't change my experiences they are what
make you, you at the end of the day. I have to finish this now Rachel is
finishing work soon and I'm supposed to be cooking tea. Bye for now, all hope
you enjoyed.

littlered




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littlered


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





