BDSM Library - A New Batch Of Stallions




A New Batch Of Stallions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master Dave grabs two new pairs of slaves and transforms one pair into ponies and the other pairs into perfectly trained house slaves. The transformations get more and more extreme as time goes on... This story is sort of a sequel to my story "Stallions".
A new batch of stallions
by 2NN 

This story is not for the faint of heart. If you are a minor or do not
like depictions of male homosexual behavior or extreme S&M, stop reading
now. 

This story is sort of a sequel to my story "Stallions" and follows
Master Dave as he captures and trains a new pair of ponies. 

Prologue 
Master Dave had been watching Ben and Thomas for a couple of
weeks and he was now ready to grab them. Ben and Thomas were perfect.
Neither had any family; neither had any real friends and both had crummy
jobs where no one would miss them. To make matters perfect they lived
together in one of those huge apartment buildings where no one notices
their neighbors. Master Dave could make them disappear without the
slightest problem. 

Master Dave had been looking for a new pair of ponies for a few months
now, ever since Ro-Ro and Tan-Tan had been worn out. His eyes had fallen
on Ben and Thomas at one of the gyms he worked out in. Master Dave
worked out in as many different gyms as possible just to see if there
were any potential slaves among the bodybuilding crowd at these places.
So far his success had been spectacular. Almost all of his bodybuilder
type slaves had been spotted at the gyms. Most of the slaves Master Dave
caught were gay, more or less repressed. It was the same for Ben and
Thomas. They lived in a homosexual relationship, sharing bed as well as
apartment, but to the outside world they pretended to be just good
friends sharing an apartment for economic reasons. Not that it fooled
many. Master Dave had noticed the looks both Ben's and Thomas's
co-workers cast in their direction. They knew. 

Ben and Thomas had no social life to speak of outside the gym and even
at the gym it was very limited. They went straight from work to the gym,
where they worked out for a couple of hours each day, only exchanging
nods and curt greetings with the other bodybuilders there. After the
workouts they went home, ate and watched TV together. Just like so many
ordinary couples did. Master Dave didn't understand why they didn't just
get out of the damn closet. It wasn't like no one knew and while some
would probably mind those people already had them pegged as "fucking
homos". Not that Master Dave cared about this. He had already planned
the future for the two lovers and it held nothing but pain and
humiliation. Ben and Thomas were perfect for many reasons, mostly
because both were very good-looking guys with near-perfect bodies,
meticulously trained, but their self-imposed isolation also made them
perfect, since no one would miss them. 

There was one other thing, which Master Dave had found out while he had
observed them through the hidden cameras he had mounted throughout their
apartment that made them more attractive to him: They fucked like
rabbits. Ben and Thomas were among the most sexually active people he
had ever encountered. Or rather among the most sexually active he had
encountered outside the compound or in the dungeons around the country.
Ben and Thomas did it whenever they got the chance: when they woke up,
while taking their morning shower, before leaving the apartment, when
they stepped inside the door after their work-out, while cooking, after
dinner, while watching TV, while doing the dishes, while preparing to go
to bed and sometimes several times during the night. Sometimes they even
snuck out during their lunch break to fuck in a public toilet. Master
thought it was quite something and it would make it easier to control
and to punish them once he had caught them. 

Master Dave struck Friday night, just as they had closed the door to the
apartment behind them. By remote control he triggered a canister of
sleeping gas he had hidden in their apartment. The gas was odorless and
colorless and neither Ben nor Thomas knew what hit them as they fell to
the floor unconscious. Master Dave then entered their apartment using
the key he had stolen off Thomas one afternoon. Thomas had just thought
he had dropped it and stupidly neither had thought to change the locks.
Once inside the first thing Master Dave did, was to inject a strong
sedative into each of the unconscious men. Then he opened the windows
and when he was sure the gas had disappeared he removed his gasmask.
Going through the apartment meticulously he removed all the surveillance
equipment he had installed and tidied the place up. In the morning he
would call a moving company using Ben's name. The company would then
pack up Ben's and Thomas's belongings, put them in a storage container
to be shipped overseas. Along the way Master Dave would make sure that
the belongings disappeared. The movers would know only that Ben had
called them and Ben would pay them using his credit card. Everyone would
assume that Ben and Thomas, who most people knew or suspected were
lovers, had chosen to move out of the country together. End of story. 

Master Dave now opened his kitbag and began preparing his two new slaves
for transport. First he cut away their clothes, making sure to gather
all the pieces in a garbage bag. Second he sealed their hands in black,
rubber mittens. These squeezed their hands into useless cone-like
shapes. Then he put thick and broad, black, leather collars around their
necks. To the collars he secured the two new slave's hands, now tied in
a most painful backprayer. He finished tying up their hands by strapping
their elbows in so that they lay against their backs. Next he gagged the
two slaves using huge, black rubber ball gags before sealing their heads
inside thick and very tightly fitting, black rubber hoods, leaving only
their nostrils free. Turning his attention to their feet, he put
high-heeled boots on them; boots made from hard, shiny, black plastic
with stilettos six-inches high. Although Master Dave wasn't into women,
he did admire their footwear, especially what stilettos did for body
posture. They had the added benefit of being hopelessly impractical to
run or even walk fast in, so anyone wearing such boots was instantly
made a bit more helpless. Finally he strapped their legs together at
their knees and ankles. 

Now he was ready to transport them to the compound, the secret place he
and other masters owned, a sanctuary for brutally sadistic men,
protected at the highest level by the authorities. First he checked that
no one was in the hallway before slinging Ben over his shoulder and
carrying him down the stairs to his car, discretely parked in a dark
corner of the parking basement. No one bothered taking the stairs since
the building had an elevator and they lay deserted. At his car he opened
the truck and threw Ben inside. He quickly secured Ben to the bottom of
the trunk using heavy cargo straps and soon it was completely impossible
for Ben to even move. 

Getting Thomas out of the apartment proved just as easy and it wasn't
until he had secured him tightly that there was a spot of trouble.
Master Dave had positioned his car so that it could be seen from as few
places in the basement as possible but of course it could be seen from
some spots. Just as Master Dave stood up two young men came into the
basement and could clearly see right into his trunk. Both reacted with
shocked silence and Master Dave immediately realized that he had to act.
Wasting no time he ran straight towards them and suddenly they realized
that they had to try to escape. They were too slow. Master Dave quickly
caught up with them and although they tried to put up a fight, he was
too big, too strong and too well prepared. In his pocket he always
carried around a can of sedative gas and in seconds the two unlucky
young men lay unconscious on the cement floor. 

To avoid more trouble he quickly threw them into the trunk and drove to
a dark secluded spot nearby to decide what to do. They were just coming
around so he sprayed their faces once more and looked them over. The
unlucky boys looked to be about twenty-two or twenty-three, clean-cut
college students. Neither was very tall and both were quite slight of
build with fine, slightly soft features. 

Master Dave already had two slave boys (also unlucky former college
students), but both were now perfectly trained, completely obedient and
docile, as all the resistance they had had in them had long since been
punished out of them. Actually they had been getting a little boring
lately, providing no slip-ups to punish. Now he had two young men who
looked like they could be trained to be his next batch of slave boys. An
opportunity like this was too good to pass up. His two current slave
would fetch a nice price and it was much more fun torturing a slave into
shape than merely having an obedient little slut obeying your every
command. Master Dave usually never trained a pair of house-slaves while
also training a pair of ponies since the workload was that much bigger,
but he had been a little bored of late, in search of a challenge. 

Of course their disappearance could prove to be a problem, not being as
well prepared as that of Ben and Thomas who would just vanish without
anyone noticing, but that could be handled too. First Master Dave
stripped them, then he drugged them and then he tied them up in exactly
the same way as he had tied Ben and Thomas up. It was good that he
believed in proper preparation and in redundancy. It meant that he had
brought twice as much equipment as had been needed for the original
snatch. It had come in handy. Finally he strapped them into the trunk,
once again marveling at how much space there really was in his car. 

This task done, he got into his car and inspected their wallets. Jonah
aged 23 and from his student identity card a law student at the local
university was the pretty white boy who was the last one of them he had
tied up. Elijah aged 24 was an English major. Elijah was a gorgeous
black boy, who looked so suitable for slave duty that Master Dave would
have considered grabbing him in any case. With this information he
called his connection deep inside the law enforcement community and gave
her the details. The woman promised to get back quickly. 

Master Dave hadn't even driven an hour when she called back. The news
was good, very good. Jonah was a very promising law student, but with a
poor attendance record. He was an orphan and had gotten a full
scholarship. While he was considered brilliant, a young man with a
promising future, he was also considered unstable. There would be no
problems convincing people that he had just packed his bags and left. As
for Elijah, the news was even better. He too was a star student and he
too had lost his parents. Jonah had never known his whereas Elijah had
lost his only the year before. No one would miss them. Improving the
plausibility of Elijah's disappearance was the fact that he was an
aspiring writer; someone everyone thought would do great things, but who
also had displayed a great deal of independence. No one would be
surprised if he went missing. In both cases all Master Dave had to do
was to set the stage properly and everyone would think their
disappearance completely normal. 

Master Dave laughed as he drove up Dr. Jacobsen's clinic to deliver the
two soon to be slave boys. Things were working out perfectly. While they
had their hair and their teeth removed, something that would take a day
or two, he had time to stage their disappearance and start preparing the
soon to be ponies. It was going to be great. 




Chapter 1 
When Ben woke up he was unable to move. After some confusion
he found out that he was tied, gagged and blindfolded, lying on his side
and strapped down so securely that he could only move his head. He
experienced a moment of panic as he realized his situation and tried
screaming. The sound was so muffled that even he had trouble hearing it
properly. It made him realize that he had to wait and see what happened.
Escaping from these bonds was impossible so all he could do was wait.
Calming down he realized that he was in a moving car. Ben was very
puzzled. How had this happened? All he could remember was coming home
with Thomas. And then nothing. This sparked a new round of panic: What
about Thomas? Was Thomas all right? This sparked a new round of futile
struggling as he worried about his friend and lover. 

Right next to him Thomas was going through the same and he too
eventually had to settle for waiting to see what would happen when they
arrived at their destination. 

After a long, long drive Ben and Thomas felt the car stop and soon
thereafter the trunk was opened and cool air touched their skin. Then
the straps were released and strong hands lifted them out of the truck
and helped them stand, swaying insecurely in their new, unfamiliar
footwear. Ben and Thomas felt something being attached to their necks
and then they felt their legs being released from their bonds. They
didn't have time to find their footing properly before they felt someone
pulling them by their necks and they had to stumble along, not able to
get proper footing in the painful boots they now wore. 

As Thomas gained a little more control over his new boots he tried
resisting and so did Ben, and they both stopped and refused to go any
further. Master dealt with this silently and harshly. He didn't believe
in talking to beasts, so he simply grabbed both pony boys by their balls
and squeezed them - hard. Ben and Thomas fell to the ground as pain
exploded from their crotches. As they lay there they felt the riding
crop beginning to strike them. The two ponies mewled with pain until
they finally figured out that whoever controlled them wanted them to get
up again. They were both whining with pain as they struggled to get up,
finally succeeding. Although they could not see it, their bodies were
now covered in welts and there was no more rebellion as Master led them
towards the stables. 

As Ben and Thomas were brought to a halt, Master went behind Thomas and
released his arms from their painful backprayer position. Thomas
immediately tried fighting, but he was blind, his hands were encased in
mittens rendering them useless and Master was much stronger than him, so
after a short fight Thomas was hanging from his tied wrists, his feet
dangling a few inches above the ground. He again tried fighting as he
felt Master grab his ankles and tie them so that he hung with his legs
spread wide. Again the fighting did him no good and he hung his head in
defeat. He didn't stay in this comparatively relaxed state for long.
Master tolerated no resistance and now he whipped Thomas mercilessly and
soon Thomas was screaming behind his gag, thrashing and twisting as he
tried to escape the whip. It did him no good. Soon his whole body was
covered in angry, red welts and his balls were swelling badly as the
whip had found them several times. Thomas was sobbing hysterically under
his hood and hung limply, trying to mewl out that he would behave. 

Ben had heard all this, but hadn't fully understood it so when Master
turned his attention to him, he tried the same things as Thomas had.
Soon he too hung in his bonds, hysterically mewling out his defeat. 

Then finally Master removed their hoods. As they blinked towards the
light, they saw the powerful man who had caught them. Seeing each other
was reassuring at first, then disheartening. Not only had their lover
been caught as well, it also meant that now there would be no one
looking for them. Master saw the looks on their faces and smiled. He had
them now and was already well on his way to breaking them. He saw their
pleading and questioning eyes, but he had decided that these two would
be trained by using reward and punishment only, no words, no verbal
instructions. They would have to figure out what pleased their new
Master and what displeased him and they would have to do it just like
the dumb animals they had now become. So without a word of explanation
he proceeded to prepare them. First he gave them a series of very
painful and extremely humiliating enemas, filling them up until they
thought they would burst and then letting them hold the enemas for a
long time before allowing them to relieve themselves. It was intensely
humiliating and Ben actually began crying after the fifth enema. Thomas
held out and managed not to cry, but Ben was dissolved in tears as
Master finally let them expel the tenth and last enema. 

Master then removed their collars, covered their hair with a bathing cap
and taped their eyes over before covering their bodies in a thick layer
of disgusting goo. The stuff itched and burned and the slaves twisted in
their bonds as Master let it do it's work. When he washed it off with
ice-cold water neither Ben nor Thomas would ever again grow body hair. 

Both Master's new slaves had behaved during the last part of the
preparations, so Master decided to show them what the reward for proper
behavior could be. Surprising them both very much he wordlessly stepped
between them and grabbed their cocks. Thomas and Ben had both received
several blows to their genitals and neither believed that they would be
able to get hard just yet. They were wrong. Quickly they felt how
Master's expert manipulations made them first hard and then throbbing
with need. In a couple of minutes both were moaning and jerking their
hips as they moved towards massive orgasms. Just then, with both slaves
about to cum, Master removed his hands. Ben and Thomas whined with
frustration. He couldn't just leave them hanging there! Their hips
thrust uselessly into thin air as Master went to fetch the next item
needed to prepare them. 

Master first lowered them just enough to allow their feet to touch the
ground. Secondly he tied their legs to poles he had screwed into the
floor behind them, insuring that they would be unable to move their
legs. Then he got their new footwear. The first part of their new boots
was a piece of black, plastic four inches thick and shaped like the
point of a very small stiletto shoe. Their toes would "rest" on this
piece of plastic, but there was only enough room for their toes if these
were severely compressed. Master didn't see this as a problem. He simply
took a U-shaped piece of steel, which was a little narrower than the
plastic piece and hammered it down over their toes, crushing the toes
and welding them to the plastic at the same time. Ben and Thomas
screamed as he did this and Ben had to be brought back to consciousness
using smelling salt. From the back of the plastic piece, away from the
crushed toes, a piece of flat and slightly curved steel rose almost
straight up, forcing the slaves to put all their weight on their broken
toes. Although they didn't know it, they would never again walk using
their heels. 

Both Thomas and Ben were now crying almost hysterically, but there was
no mercy from Master. Completing their footwear, he covered their feet
to above their ankles with a hard, black, plastic cover. It now looked
like the two pony boys wore very high-heeled platform boots with
ultra-high platforms and very pointed toes. Only there were no heels and
all their weight rested on their toes. With a little imagination it
could be said that it looked like they had hooves, but really it looked
like they had been given punishment boots, as indeed was the case. In
time their nails would become a problem and Master had made the cover so
that it could be taken off and their nails cut and their feet washed.
While their feet would be washed regularly, Master didn't plan to go on
cutting their nails for long. When the ponies had adjusted a little to
their new and always painful lives, he would simply pull out their
nails. Much less fuss and a good way to put slaves in their place. 

Master now met no resistance from the stunned and shaken slaves as he
reapplied their collars and once again secured their hands in a brutal
backprayer. Both looked absolutely terrified of him and didn't even dare
put up a token fight. This made Master smile. Breaking a slave was so
much fun and training him, once this had been achieved, was so much
easier. These two had for all intents and purposes been broken already.
Now both stood bound and gagged, wincing in pain as they swayed
insecurely in their new and brutally painful boots. Neither tried to
move or resist; both looked at him with large frightened eyes, waiting
to see what he would do to them next. This was the kind of behavior a
slave should display and Master thought that this merited a reward.
Again he stepped up to them and grabbed their cocks. Both gave a
frightened start, afraid of what he might do to them, but neither dared
move. Then he began manipulating their cocks. After all the pain they
had been subjected to neither had thought about sex in any way, but now
they both first sighed, then began to moan as Master made their cocks
almost painfully hard. With a touch like no other they had experienced,
he kept them on the edge for what seemed like hours before letting them
cum. For both Thomas and Ben it was less of an orgasm and more of an
explosion and both screamed with joy behind their gags, for a moment
completely forgetting their hopeless situation, the intense hurt this
man had subjected them to and for a moment expelling from their minds
the fact that their future suddenly looked bleak, a never-ending
succession of painful moments and their lives were now locked in
slavery, hard and cruel. As they came both thought only about how
fantastic this cruel and brutal man was. At that moment both thought
that pleasing this man would be worth it, no matter what they had to do.

Coming down after their orgasms both stumbled a little as they tried to
maintain their balance. Putting more weight on their broken toes was
painful and once again brought home the hopelessness of their situation.
Not that there was anything they could do about it. Master was still in
complete control, but now their fear and hate of this cruel man was
mixed with strange and confused feelings of lust. Although they both
tried, neither could deny that Master had given them a fantastic orgasm,
an experience so intense it made both men wonder if they really were
submissive or what. Master knew that these thought would go through his
new slaves' heads and it was part of the reason he had allowed them to
cum. The more he could occupy their minds with fear and lust, the
better. Eventually this mixture would dominate their every thought,
expelling all thought of escape of freedom, making them accept their
slavery without even thinking about it. Fear and lust; it was a winning
combination. 

Presently he led the new ponies to their enclosure where they would
sleep. Again they were in for a nasty surprise. They would sleep
standing up, a pole with a giant steel dildo was forced up their ass and
a strap secured to their collar holding their heads up in the most
uncomfortable manner. They stood so close that Ben's cock, which much to
his embarrassment was erect and ready for action, touched Thomas's
abdomen. Thomas's cock was also at full mast and touching Ben's abdomen
and as Master tied their legs to the poles the situation was intensely
humiliating to the slaves. Here they were, being tortured, enslaved and
degraded by this evil man and yet their cocks clearly showed the world
that the situation aroused them. It didn't get anymore degrading and
embarrassing than that. 

Before leaving them for the night Master fed the two slaves. He did it
without even removing their gags. In their ball gags were a little plug
that could be removed. Once he had removed it he inserted a tube into
the whole and fed them the only kind of meal they would "enjoy" for the
rest of their lives: a thick, whitish goo that tasted just like cum. He
let them wash it down with the only liquid they would be allowed: a
yellow liquid tasting just like urine. Because of the gag and because
they were already terrified of displeasing Master both saw swallowing as
their only option. 

After feeding them he left them for the night. Standing there, securely
tied, punished, afraid and filled with intense fear mixed with
uncontrollable lust, Ben and Thomas looked at each other, each trying
and failing to provide comfort for the other. They were still intensely
embarrassed by their stiff cocks, but now that they were alone they gave
in to their lust and began trying to move, trying to get off. It wasn't
easy as their bonds and the pole in their ass held them very tightly,
but they were able to make tiny movements, creating just the necessary
amount of friction. Their overfilled asses also provided an extra
measure of stimulation and after a great deal of frustrated effort they
managed to cum. Thomas came first, his cock spewing cum over Ben's
abdomen as he screamed behind his gag and tried to throw back his head.
Not long after Ben came, he too screaming and trying to thrash.
Afterwards they couldn't meet the other's gaze as they both succumbed to
the humiliation of situation. It took a while, but they were eventually
able to look at each other again. Neither got any sleep that night
because of the pain in their feet and the intense feeling of humiliation
settling over them. Also both were beginning to get very nervous about
their arms. These had been tied in a backprayer for far too long and
they were going numb. If their arms were held in that position for much
longer, they would soon sustain permanent damage, further decreasing
their possibility of ever escaping this cruel place. 

Damaging their arms was exactly what Master had in mind. Previously he
had removed them to begin with, plunging his new slaves into shock and
despair. It was a fine strategy and it was most satisfying to watch, but
he had decided that it was time to try something new. He would of course
eventually have their arms removed and their voices fixed so that the
only sound they would be able to make would be that of a horse. But for
now he thought it might make the slaves desperate to feel their arms
just wither away, to be unable to use their voices. To put them in a
situation where everything; the punishments, the training, their own
physical deterioration and deprival would drive them into despair,
frustration, hopelessness and eventually into acceptance of the fact
that they were now slaves and that there was nothing they could do about
it. He thought the process might take slightly longer than the old one,
but that it would hopefully make them even more broken, obedient and
docile. No matter what he couldn't loose. There was great sport to be
had from these two. 




Chapter 2 
The next morning training started for the two new ponies.
First their genitals were sealed inside small, black rubber pouches,
which sat like small, black spheres attached to their crotches. This
insured that their cock wouldn't get in the way when running, just as it
also insured that they couldn't get hard, now adding frustration to the
fear and lust used to train them. 

The first part of their training he would leave mostly to his
stable-hands, a couple of guys who would soon be fully trained masters
themselves. In the beginning it would mostly be basic walking training
and posture and there would be plenty of that later. In fact walking,
trotting and holding the correct body-posture were training lessons the
unfortunate pony boys would receive regularly for the rest of their
lives. 

In the meantime Master would see to the two other slaves he had
acquired, Jonah and Elijah. When he arrived at the clinic their initial
transformation was already complete. Both were now completely toothless
and almost completely hairless. Some of his other slave boys had had all
their hair, including their eyebrows, removed, but Master had decided to
leave these two a little hair. They still had eyebrows and both had been
allowed to retain a thin, and closely cropped stripe of hair running
down the center of their heads, sort of a miniature Mohawk. The final
evil touch was the removal of their toenails. 

The good doctor had tied them up according to Master's wishes and they
stood waiting for him. Their feet were sealed inside black, plastic
boots with four-inch platforms and eleven-inch, ultra-thin stilettos
made of steel. The boots were ankle-high and at least three sizes too
small, which combined with their wounded toes made the slave-boys cry
from the pain as they swayed uncertainly in their new and unfamiliar
footwear. As with the pony boys, their genitals had been sealed inside
an impossibly small bag, this one made from fine metal mesh, and sat as
a small, painful and frustrating ball in their crotch, inaccessible to
their own manipulations. Their hands were inside the same rubber mittens
as the ponies' were and around their necks were broad collars made from
shiny steel, welded in place and signaling the finality of their
slavery. There would be no escaping this man whom they would soon call
"Master". Their hands inside the mittens had been secured to their
collars. Finally their mouths, now smooth-gummed, had been filled with
jaw-wrenching, black ball-gags. They stood waiting for Master with wide
frightened eyes as they both cried from the pain in their feet, but both
stood with their feet together and with their backs perfectly straight,
looking down, as proper slaves should. Angry red welts on their buttocks
and thighs told Master that the good doctor had taught the little shits
a lesson in obedience. Good. They had better learn that they were the
lowest creeps on the planet and that everyone was better than them and
there was no reason why this lesson should be postponed. 

Master walked around his two new slave boys, carefully inspecting their
bodies, feeling them up, poking and prodding them along the way. Both
started at his touch, squealing a little when his groping got brutal,
but both had already learned to stand still. It was quite impressive,
but Master knew that the doctor was a particularly brutal and efficient
master himself and even though his taste ran to very buxom women as
could be seen by his monstrously big-titted nurses, his touch with slave
boys was almost as sweet as with girls. 

After inspecting the new slave boys and commenting to the doctor what a
fine job he had done on such useless material, Master attached leashes
to the collars of the slave boys and led them out to his car. Here he
strapped their legs together and threw them into the trunk of his car,
where he carefully strapped them to the floor, removing almost all their
freedom of movement. He encountered no resistance from either of the two
slave boys. Both were too frightened and both realized the hopelessness
of their situation. There was no immediate hope of escape and both
desperately wanted to escape the doctor. 

In the darkness of the trunk Elijah struggled with himself. Standing in
his new painful footwear, tied up and helpless, he had actually begun to
feel sexy in spite of the pain. He had told himself that he was just
confused and he had almost been successful. At least until he laid eyes
on his friend Jonah. He had always cared a great deal for Jonah, but had
never thought of himself as a homosexual. But when he saw Jonah tied up
brutally and wearing those sexy boots, Elijah could no longer deny his
feelings. He was overwhelmed by a desire to rub against him, to kiss
him, to fuck him. The feeling was so powerful that he couldn't hold
back. He was just about to rub playfully against Jonah when the doctor
had entered the room and taught them how to behave. The punishment was
yet another massive surprise for Elijah. Again he found himself
responding very differently to the whipping than he would have expected.
He didn't actually like the blows and he also disliked the pain
intensely, but the feeling of being owned and controlled turned him on
so much. By the time they both stood sobbing, his cock was straining
against it's mesh cage, crying for attention. And it didn't end there.
When Master arrived and inspected them, Elijah just barely managed not
to groan with lust as Master's hands ran over his body. He had never
even suspected this about himself, but already after two days Elijah
knew that he was born to be slave and that Master would get only token
resistance from him. The realization filled him with a mixture of
despair and lust since he now knew that Master would have no problems
with him. If Master tried releasing him now, he would probably crawl
back and beg to be enslaved. 

It was very different for Jonah. He hated everything that had been done
to him intensely, but even he couldn't deny that there was something
sexy in the situation when Master inspected him. It was sick and
twisted, but the feeling of sex had been palpable when Master had run
his hands down Jonah's back. Jonah had also noticed that Elijah was
reacting very differently to his capture. To Jonah, Elijah had always
been just a friend. A very good friend, but nothing more. Now he had
seen the looks Elijah had cast his way and now he knew that Elijah would
probably rather think of him as a lover than as a friend. And that
wasn't all. Elijah looked like he had actually enjoyed the whipping the
cruel doctor had given them. Even though he cried it looked like he just
wanted to beg for more. This scared Jonah badly, but not nearly as much
as the uncertainty of his situation. Master had already done terrible
things to them and Jonah had the distinct feeling that this was only the
beginning. 

Jonah was all too correct in his assumption. Once inside the compound
and inside his home, Master had the two new slave boys kneel before him
as he explained their situation: "You two worthless little shits are now
my property," he started, "and there is nothing you can do to change
this. I control every little aspect of your useless little lives."
Master allowed the words to sink in before continuing: "And since I am
the one in charge, I have decided to give you new names." Pointing at
Elijah he said: "From now on your name will be Bimbo." Then he turned to
Jonah and said: "And I think that an appropriate name for you will be
Toy." Master chuckled a little at this. He had seen the looks the black
slave who was now called Bimbo had cast the other one and had gotten an
idea. Toy would be a very appropriate name for the little white slave. 

As Bimbo and Toy sat and tried to comprehend what was happening, they
heard two sets of stiletto heels clicking across the wooden floor in
perfect unison. Coming up beside Master were two perfectly trained slave
boys; the slave boys Bimbo and Toy were to replace. It was a pair of
twins, completely hairless, without even eyebrows, with delicate fair
skin and soft brown eyes. They wore the same type of ankle-high boots as
Bimbo and Toy: four-inch platforms with eleven-inch ultra-thin
stilettos. The genitals were sealed inside the same kind of pouch and
this was just covered by tiny, white rubber aprons edged with mock-lace
also made of rubber. Around their necks were shiny steel collars, welded
in place, but other than that they had no bonds and didn't wear gags.
Their bodies were smooth and looked soft and somehow oiled and their
lips were big and slightly parted in a sexy invitation to a blowjob.
Neither Bimbo nor Toy doubted that they were smooth-gummed as well. 

When they reached Master they knelt in perfect unison and kissed
Master's shoes as a greeting. After kissing his shoes they remained
kneeling, their heads pressed to the ground, eagerly awaiting their
owner's command. "Stand up, you useless shits." he barked and the two
perfectly trained slave boys stood up, put their hands behind their
backs and lowered their heads as they awaited further orders. Master
then explained that Bimbo and Toy were going to replace the twins,
Master just called them the sluts, not bothering to distinguish between
them, in one month and that they had better get used to the idea. For
the first time the composure of the twins broke as both began to cry.
Both were well trained enough to maintain their posture and to remain
silent, but it quite clear that they didn't want to leave Master. It was
something Master was quietly proud of, the fact that all of his slaves
eventually came to love him; no matter how much they hated him to begin
with. It usually took a great deal of training and harsh punishment, but
eventually they all longed for his touch, his approval and his
attention. 

Master ordered the twins to remove Bimbo and Toy's gags. He wanted to
hear them say how they longed to serve him. Usually the slaves were
reluctant at best in the beginning, but this time he got a small
surprise. Master already knew that Bimbo was going to be easy to train,
but he was surprised at his very eager reaction. Bimbo immediately
crawled across the floor and said with fervor in his voice: "Please
Master, take me. I want to be your slave, your Bimbo." Bimbo's voice
cracked a little towards the end and Toy looked incredulously at him
while Master laughed: "Show me," he said and took out his cock. Bimbo
swallowed a few times but soon Master's magnificent cock was in his
mouth and he tried his best to please him. Bimbo wasn't very good, but
Master was sure that with the right training and the right amount of
brutal punishment he would get there. Toy looked on amazed as his friend
sucked the cock of this brutal man as if it was the most natural thing
in the world. 

When Bimbo had swallowed Master's load and sat kneeling with a dreamy
little smile on his face, the twins regagged him before Master turned
his attention to Toy. "Your turn," he said to Toy, who just shook his
head in desperation. Master was not a man who took no for an answer and
certainly not when coming from a useless little slave like Toy. First
Master got a riding crop and whipped Toy's ass until the slave boy was
sobbing. But he didn't stop there. To make sure that Toy understood who
was in charge, Master had the twins hold his legs wide before he once
again used the riding crop. The blows rained down on Toy's imprisoned
member, but the mesh bag did nothing to soften the blow and soon Toy's
screams were high-pitched squeals as his balls were being pummeled by
the crop. After a short while Toy was ready to do anything, anything at
all, for Master, and he almost eagerly crawled over to Master to give
him the blowjob he wanted. Toy definitely didn't like sucking Master's
big, fat cock, but he tried to do well, putting a lot of effort in it
and finally Master shot his load into his mouth. Toy didn't want to be
punished again so he tried very hard to swallow all of it. He almost
succeeded as thin stream of cum ran down his chin. Master saw it and Toy
stiffened as he prepared to be punished. Master let him get off lightly,
with only a spanking but Toy was still sobbing when the twins gagged
him. 

Master then turned to the sluts and ordered them to lead the two new
slaves down into the dungeon and to begin their training. Walking
properly in their new footwear was the first lesson they would receive.
The sluts were desperately sad at the prospect of leaving Master, but
both knew that begging would only cause them great pain. They also knew
that Master would be disappointed at their poor behavior and they wanted
desperately to please Master, no matter what the consequences were for
themselves. So they just lead their replacements into the dungeon and
started their training while Master arranged for the sale of the sluts. 

In the dungeon Bimbo and Toy got their first real taste of the
perfection required to serve Master. Walking properly in their new
footwear was not just the absence of stumbling or the ability to foot
down your foot so that the step looked somewhat elegant. It was
perfection in every movement of the whole body as you walked: putting
down the foot just right, swaying properly with your tight little ass,
holding your back straight and your head in the proper angle. As the
twin demonstrated proper walking technique to the new slaves, both Bimbo
and Toy almost despaired. How were they ever going to achieve such
elegance and grace? The answer was of course that they would achieve it
by training endlessly and by being punished for the tiniest of mistakes,
lapses in concentration so small that the new slaves couldn't believe
it. Master had given the sluts permission to punish the new slaves and
when he joined them after three hours, Bimbo and Toy were covered in red
welts and both were sobbing as the sluts did their best to train them to
perfection. Of course the prospect of being replaced by these two might
have made them use the whips more eagerly that they would have
otherwise, so all in all Master thought that their training progressed
just fine. As he entered the dungeon all the slaves knelt to greet him.
It pleased him that the sluts had already imparted that lesson on their
replacements. He felt almost sad that they had already been sold.
Almost. The buyer Master had found for the sluts was a notoriously
brutal man, a master who wore out slaves in a matter of months with his
incessant torture. The man had taken breathplay to new heights and the
last slave Master had sold to the man had been worn out in five weeks.
When Master had seen him last he had been fitted with a collar that was
effectively a mobile garroting device, his tongue hanging out of his
bluish face and his desperate eyes looking as if they were ready to pop
out of his head. The sluts were well trained and used to heavy torture
so Master thought that they might last almost a year, but surely no more
than that. 

Master turned his attention to the new slaves and demanded that they
show him their progress. Both the sluts and the slaves looked visibly
nervous as they got up, aware of the consequences of failure. All in all
Master thought they were coming along nicely, but of course he did say
so. Praising a slave was out of the question. The most they could hope
for was the absence of punishment. And since they were of course not up
to his standards yet a sound whipping was in order. 

Afterwards Bimbo and Toy sat on the floor crying, their asses almost too
tender to sit on, which of course was the reason why Master had ordered
them to sit on their heels. Both were terrified of him, even if Bimbo
also lusted powerfully after him. Then Master did something, which
surprised the new slaves. He ordered Toy to stand and as he did, Master
removed first his gag and then the mesh pouch imprisoning his genitals.
Since Toy was neither gay nor masochistic, at least not yet, his cock
was limp and flaccid. This changed when Master began kissing and
caressing him. The change from the brutal treatment before caught Toy
off guard and Master was a true expert. To his surprise Toy found
himself responding to Master's kisses and when Master's hand cupped his
genitals and began to stroke him, he groaned with desire as his cock
rose to full master. Toy didn't understand what was happening and he
knew that he should hate it, but he found himself completely unable to
do so. Soon he was kissing Master with fervor and groaning with urgent
need. When his need was greatest Master broke their kiss and said: "Beg
me to fuck you slave. Tell me what you really are." Toy was confused and
lusted so badly after Master that he couldn't think of what to say at
first, but finally after a few false starts he begged: "Please Master.
Please fuck me. Please fuck me hard. I am your property. Please fuck
me." Toy's voice sounded broken and he gasped for air as Master held his
cock, stroking it until Toy was on the edge. Master made sure that he
was still on the edge when he turned him around and entered him from
behind. Master was more than six inches taller than Toy and since they
were standing Master had to lift Toy up and set him down on his cock.
The intrusion was very painful as Master's giant unlubricated cock
entered his ass, but Toy was almost past caring. He needed desperately
to cum and Master's hand on his cock removed all of his worries and
focused him on one thing only: the need to please Master so that he
could be allowed to cum. 

When Master was all the way in, Toy's face was contorted in a silent
scream. A scream of pain and passion as Master rapidly brought him
towards the most fantastic orgasm of his life. But that would have been
too easy. Instead Master removed his hand just as Toy was about to cum,
causing Toy to whimper with need as Master continued his fucking
unabated. Master did this ten more times until he had reduced Toy to an
incessantly begging, completely dissolved slave boy who would do
anything to cum. Master let him beg some more, but when he felt his own
orgasm approaching he let the slave cum as well. Toy screamed and
thrashed as his cum spewed out over the floor, his whole being consumed
by this massive orgasm, which focused him on the need to please Master.
He had only been allowed to cum because he had pleased Master and Master
had by fucking him like he had made sure that he knew. 

This was of course the reason that he granted his slaves orgasms so
relatively frequently. It focused them on the need to please him. It had
another very important effect. The extreme horniness of the slaves and
their focus on pleasing him to achieve permission to cum turned the
orgasms into something other than a mere physical release. It turned the
orgasms into something that almost literally ate the minds of his slaves
and made them completely docile and obedient. The orgasms were so
powerful that they dominated their minds completely and since the only
way to achieve them was to please Master, these orgasms were literally
mind-blowing. This was the reason he allowed his slaves to cum almost
right away without really earning them: to make them addicted. 

These considerations definitely didn't enter Toy's mind as he crawled
over to kiss Master's shoes as he thanked him profusely, mindlessly
babbling his devotion. He gladly licked Master's cock clean just as he
relished in licking the floor clean. It wasn't until much later that he
started thinking about what he had done. He couldn't believe that he had
begged to let another man fuck him, that he had licked his dirty cock as
well as the floor clean and that he had liked it. That he had loved it.
In fact just thinking about it made his imprisoned cock try to get hard.
He hated Master but the mere thought of being fucked by him, made Toy
get horny again. Not that he had stopped being horny since Master had
fucked him. It was like a switch had been thrown and now he was horny
all the time, horny for other men. Toy started out feeling guilty when
he thought about being fucked by Master, but in a matter of minutes his
thoughts had turned to when he was going to get fucked by Master again
and how he could best please Master so that he would be allowed to cum.
Master's plan worked every time, no matter if they were gay or not to
start with. In a matter of days they were turned into little homo slave
boys, just begging to be fucked. 

While Toy was being fucked both the sluts and Bimbo were almost crying
with envy. When Bimbo saw Toy's cum spray out over the floor he wanted
to be fucked so badly he could almost taste it. And Master didn't
disappoint him. Soon Master's cock was pumping in and out of his ass
while Master manipulated his cock until Bimbo screamed and begged for
release. But this time there was no release. Bimbo was already addicted,
so why reward him? He would have to work much harder for his first
orgasm and besides Master's plan for him included very few orgasms
indeed. Instead Bimbo was allowed to clean Master's cock while the sluts
imprisoned his needy cock, making Bimbo cry with frustration. Once his
cock had been imprisoned his and Toy's training resumed as Master molded
them into perfectly docile and obedient little slave boys. 




Chapter 3 
After a month of training Bimbo and Toy were well enough
trained to get rid of Master's old slave boys, the sluts. He called the
master he had arranged to sell them to and made an appointment for the
handover. When the day arrived the other master lived up to his
reputation as both brutal and inventive and a true expert in breathplay.
He admired the stilettos Master Dave had put on the sluts, so he allowed
them to keep them on. The rest of their outfit was changed, and not for
the better; at least not from the slaves point of view. First he
released their imprisoned and needy cocks. Then he put very tight steel
bands around their scrotums and cock heads and to these he attached
steel wires about a foot in length. To the ends of the wires he attached
three pound lead weights so that each slave how carried around two lead
weights dangling from their genitals, endlessly tangling and swinging so
much it made them scream with pain. Or rather, they would have screamed
with pain had they had the air to do it with. To make sure that he
slaves could not help themselves, he sealed their hands inside rubber
mittens just like the one Master Dave used on his slaves and then he
simply tied them together on their backs, wrists and elbows. Living up
to his reputation as a master in breathplay, he put special garroting
collars on them; thick steel collars whose diameters could be reduced
until the slave could no longer breathe properly. But capping these
inventive collars off, were a pair of equally inventive hoods. They were
made from thick, elastic and clear rubber, so that the slaves could see
through them. They were fastened to the garroting collars forming a seal
around the neck and had only one more opening. This opening was a
through a tiny valve in one nostril, providing yet another possibility
to deny air to the slaves. The hoods had one final and very useful
detail. The slaves were ungagged, since neither had the air to even
moan, but in a normal hood their mouths would have been inaccessible
while the hoods were on. The master had solved this problem by shaping
the hoods so that at the slaves' mouths, the hood extended inwards and
down into their throats, providing an easy way to face-fuck the slaves
without talking their hoods off. 

The two slaves were completely desperate once their new hoods and
collars had been fitted, their eyes looking desperately around as they
struggled for air, every move not only robbing them of precious air, but
setting the lead weight hanging from their genitals swinging, causing
them great pain. Master Dave loved it. Very complete. Master Dave and
their new owner celebrated the handover by forcing the slaves to their
knees and face-fucking one slave each. As the twins were lead away to
their new and probably very short and painful lives, they didn't even
have air enough to beg as semen dribbled out of their rubber-clad mouths
and down their chests. After seeing their new owner Master Dave gave
them six months at most. He doubted that they would have air enough to
speak for the remainder of the short slave lives, but then again what
was the purpose of a slave if not to please his master? And Master Dave
had no doubt that they would please their new owner, so it was a happy
ending after all. 

As they were driven off Master returned his attention to his four new
slaves. First he went to see the ponies, Ben and Thomas. Only he had
given them new names to match their new status. They were now called
Bebe and Toto. Bebe and Toto had been through a month of brutal training
punctuated by mind-blowing orgasms. They had adjusted to their new
footwear and though Master could see the rebellion still lurking just
beneath the surface, both behaved well enough. Their taste for rebellion
was obviously tempered by the fact that both clearly lusted after him.
When their cocks were left free, they rose to greet Master whenever he
appeared, much to the embarrassment of the ponies. 

When Master arrived at the stables, they were being strapped inside
wooden crates, ready to be shipped off to the good doctor to have their
teeth and most importantly their arms removed. Over the last month
Master had allowed the ponies only enough freedom of movement for their
arms to prevent their arms from actively rotting off. But while they had
not rotted off, they had been permanently damaged as Master had
demonstrated to them the day before by freeing their arms altogether. To
Bebe and Toto's horror their arms simply hung limply at their sides,
neither their arms nor their fingers responding to their commands.
Master wanted them to feel this helplessness before he had their arms
removed. He just loved the desperation it triggered in his slaves. The
removal of their arms was something he had planned all along, since he
couldn't see what use arms were to ponies. 

Master smiled down at the sad ponies as the lids of the crates were
nailed shut. It would be a month before they were returned from the good
doctor and in the meantime he would complete the training of Bimbo and
Toy. 

Life as a slave had turned out to be two very different things for Bimbo
and Toy. Bimbo had surrendered almost immediately, becoming a docile
little slave boy in a matter of days, if not hours. As far as training
Bimbo was almost ready, already obeying even the most painful or
disgusting order without the slightest bit of hesitation. But while he
loved Master with all his heart, it was a frustrated love. He had only
been allowed to cum once since Master had caught him, and it had been a
fabulous and mind-blowing orgasm, but since then his cock had only been
touched to be teased and was now producing copious amounts of pre-cum
inside it's mesh prison. The frustration made Bimbo work hard to please
Master and he thought no sacrifice too big in his quest to please Master
and achieve an orgasm, but for now at least none were forthcoming. 

For Toy things were very different. He had not harbored any homosexual
tendencies that he knew of and had started out hating everything about
Master, but now he had been reduced to an obedient little slave boy who
loved everything Master did to him. Among the things Master did to him,
was making sure that he came at least ten times a day and often a lot
more. Sometimes it was Master fucking him or giving him a handjob, but
mostly it was Bimbo being ordered to blow Toy. This made Bimbo insanely
jealous of Toy, but it not only increased Toy's love for Master, but
also made him love Bimbo dearly. He constantly tried to show his
affection for Bimbo and when Master permitted it, he would kiss and
caress Bimbo to show his affection. The signs of affection only made
Bimbo more frustrated and made him even more jealous of Toy. However, he
had little choice but to reciprocate the kissing and caressing and to do
his very best when giving Toy head because Master had ordered him to do
so. 

Both slaves were devoted to Master already, but while one was perfectly
happy, the other was outrageously frustrated. 

It was this situation Master intended to exploit to it's fullest
potential in the completion of their training, as he had very different
roles in mind for the two slave boys. 

He started by transforming Toy. While Bimbo stood by and watched, he
tied Toy to a table and proceeded to remove all of Toy's fingernails and
toenails. The pain was unbelievable and Toy not only vomited from the
pain but also passed out several times. Bimbo stood by feeling guilty
for enjoying the sight of Toy suffering. After the removal of all of
Toy's finger- and toenails, Master took out a large hammer and to the
desperate and hysterical cries of the slave boy, he crushed all the
bones in both his hands and his feet. When it was over Toy had been
reduced to a hysterically babbling wreck. Master smiled down at his
slave and laid his hand on the slave's cock: "There, there, you
worthless shit. We're almost done," he said in his most mocking tone.
The tone made Toy cry even harder, but although he had thought it
impossible, his cock reacted to Master's touch and rose to full mast.
Could it really be that he had become so masochistic, that he was now so
much of a little, pain loving gay slave boy, that he actually enjoyed
what Master had done to him? The thought stopped his crying for a while
as Master prepared his final transformation. 

First Master but a pair of truly tiny ballet toed boots, without heel
and made from hard, black plastic onto Toy's feet, compressing them
unbearably and locking them into a position where the foot extended from
the leg so straight that one might doubt whether there was an ankle
joint or not. The mittens for Toy's crushed hands made from the same
hard, black plastic as the boots and locked Toy's hands into useless
cone-like shapes. Finally he untied Toy and lifted him down onto the
floor where he tied Toy's forearms to his upper arms and his calves were
fused with his thighs, forcing him to stand on all fours, his hands and
feet in their black encasements pointing straight up. 

Toy now stood like a dog on all fours and as such Master attached a
leash to his steel collar and secured it to a radiator while he attended
to Bimbo. 

Bimbo was no longer enjoying the situation as he had realized that
something equally horrible might be done to him. He stood trembling with
fear as Master ordered him onto the table. Master didn't tie Bimbo up,
but instead he started to remove Bimbo's chastity device. Bimbo's heart
began racing as his hopes for an orgasm rose. But just as Master was
about to free Bimbo's cock, he remembered something. Leaving the pouch
still securely on, he again turned his attention to the hysterically
crying dog-like slave boy on the floor. Toy began crying as Master
neared with a very thick piercing needle, but there was nothing he could
do as Master first pierced his tongue, then put a large ring through the
hole before finally securing a one-pound steel weight to the ring. This
had the effect of pulling Toy's tongue out of his mouth, making him
drool like the doggy he had become. It made Toy cry even harder as
Master turned his attention to Bimbo who was almost holding his breath
in anticipation of an orgasm. 

Master saw the look of hope in his slave's eyes and smiled. That hope
would soon be crushed. He removed Bimbo's chastity pouch and started to
play with Bimbo's cock as he listened to his slave's incoherent grateful
babbling. But of course there was no orgasm for Bimbo. Just as he was
about to cum Master removed his hand, leaving Bimbo hanging. He cried
and pleaded, his training forgotten, but there was no orgasm for him.
Instead Master produced his new chastity device. It looked like a giant,
hollow steel cock with a sphere at one end to hold his balls and that
was exactly what it was. Secured to his body by a steel belt locked in
the small of his back, it completely engulfed his cock and his balls.
But that was not all. Inside the steel cock was a rubber sleeve and this
sleeve not only held his cock, it also provided stimulation for it. It
pulsated gently, making sure that Bimbo was always hard, but at the same
time the sleeve was able to register when Bimbo was about to cum,
stopping it's pulsing and preventing him from cuming. Bimbo couldn't
touch any part of his genitals and the steel tube only came off once a
week when Master washed his cock. To make sure that he could pee, a
massive catheter had been pushed up his urinary tract and it came out of
the tips of his steel tube and was closed with a small plug at the tip. 

The sleeve made sure that Bimbo was always hard, always needy, but that
he never came. He could remove the plug so that he could pee, but that
was as much control as he ever got over his cock. He now permanently
sported a giant steel erection from his crotch, which never did him any
good. 

To make his degradation complete, Master made him not only the slave boy
taking care of everything around the house, but also the one taking care
of Toy. Taking care of Toy proved to be the worst part for Bimbo. Not
because it was painful, but because it made him wonder if Toy wasn't the
lucky one after all. Toy had no duties except for being fucked in the
ass or face by Master once in a while. He spent all his day just being
led around by Bimbo, whom he soon came to love even more than he already
had. Bimbo was given a bottle with a screw top, which could hold one
quart of liquid. Bimbo's job, on top of all his other duties, was to
fill this bottle to the brink with Toy's cum. He gave endless handjobs
to Toy, but the most efficient way of pumping semen out of Toy also
proved to be the most humiliating. The most efficient way of pumping Toy
for cum was by fucking him up the ass with the giant steel dildo while
giving him a handjob at the same time. It made Toy squeal with lust in
seconds and after just a few minutes his body would convulse as his eyes
rolled back and he screamed his orgasm out while the cum pumped out of
his cock and into the waiting bottle. 

It took at least twenty orgasms to fill the bottle and in order to fill
it before nightfall, while still doing his chores, Bimbo literally had
to run around the house with Toy in tow on all fours like the good
little doggy he had become. 

After a few weeks of this treatment Bimbo was completely desperate. He
was so sexually frustrated that he thought his balls as well as his head
were going to explode from unfulfilled lust and he had to work well into
the night to complete all the tasks Master had given him. Bimbo's hope
of ever being allowed to cum shrank with every passing day and soon all
he hoped for was that the batteries in his chastity device would run
out. However, there was not much hope of that since the battery pack was
part of the steel tube and was recharged every night. As for Toy the
treatment quickly reduced him to a dumb animal, his mind gone in the
endless orgasms. He only thought of following Bimbo around and of how
much he loved him. His affection for Bimbo was only rivaled by his
affection for Master, who only occasionally required his services.
Otherwise all he had to do was to follow Bimbo around and get fucked by
him. Soon it was all he thought about and he lost most of his human
abilities. Soon he was no longer able to form words and just moaned or
panted instead as all his energy went into producing semen and waiting
for the next orgasm. 

Every evening Bimbo would be required to show Master the full bottle
before drinking it's contents and cleaning it so that it would be ready
for the next day. At day he walked around doing his chores in his
four-inch platforms with eleven-inch heels, his steel collar and
sporting a massive steel erection from his crotch, a bottle with Toy's
cum dangling from the steel belt holding the hollow steel dildo in place
as he led Toy around. Toy, who only had eyes for Bimbo as he followed
him around with a permanent erection. 

As Toy's body adjusted to the situation his balls began to produce more
cum and Bimbo had to fuck him less to get the same amount of semen, but
again Master had a remedy for that. He simply increased the size of the
bottle until Bimbo had to fuck Toy just as many times as before. As
Toy's body adjusted again, so did the size of the bottle until Toy's
body could produce no more semen. By then the bottle was more than half
a gallon. 

What little mind Toy had left focused on how much he loved being a doggy
slave boy and how he loved Master and Bimbo. The only time a day he
didn't love was nighttime. In the few hours Bimbo slept Toy's balls grew
heavy with cum, making them ache after only a few hours. When morning
came and it was time for his first orgasm of the day, Toy would almost
cry with desire and relief as Bimbo's giant steel cock entered him and
his hand grabbed his needy cock. The first load of the day was always
the biggest, but Bimbo had to be careful not to spill anything because
Toy's first orgasm of the day was always the most powerful and sometimes
his trashing was so violent that his cum was spilled on the floor. It
was impossible to get all the spilled semen back into the bottle and it
meant that Bimbo had to work that much harder to fill the bottle. 

Bimbo had tried topping it off with water. Just once. Master had of
course spotted it right away and the punishment was such that Bimbo
would never even think about doing it again. 

After a few months of this both Bimbo and Toy were locked into their
roles as Master's little pets; Bimbo perpetually frustrated and Toy now
just a mindless doggy slave, living for the next orgasm and loving his
new life, the old one all but forgotten. However, Master thought that
their new existence was a little too painless. Slaves should always be
in some kind of pain according to Master's beliefs. So Master introduced
the "one for you - one for me"-game as a regular feature in his evening
entertainment. It was quite simple. After Bimbo had drunk all of Toy's
cum for that day, he was given two sets of needles: one for Toy and one
for himself. He would then be required to use a needle inserted into
Toy's body in such a way that it made him scream with pain. Once the
first needle had been inserted into Toy's body, usually in the genital
area, Bimbo had to insert the second needle same place in his own body.
This went on until there were no more needles. Bimbo had never been
given a set of less than fifteen needles for each slave. 

To make sure that the maximum amount of pain was induced Master removed
Bimbo's chastity device so that he could stick needles in his cock and
balls. With the chastity tube off Bimbo was tantalizingly close to
cuming, yet exceedingly far away. If Bimbo and Toy had been less well
trained they might have made an agreement that Toy should scream no
matter where the needles were inserted and thus avoided a lot of pain.
There were three things wrong with assumption: Firstly both were far too
well trained. Secondly Master would spot it instantly and thirdly, Toy
was now so far gone that he actually had trouble understanding even
simple sentences, and abstract concepts like cheating were completely
out of his grasp. Master had truly reduced him to an animal. An animal
whose love for Bimbo was now tempered by a terrible fear of the needles
the other slave boy carried. 

Further increasing the pain and discomfort for Toy, Master introduced an
almost constant state of asphyxiation by buying a garroting collar from
the master who had bought the sluts. The constant breathplay had a
couple of effects. It robbed Toy of air until he no longer had enough to
moan. It also reduced his already limited mental faculties further,
making him even dumber and more animal-like. But it also made his
orgasms more powerful as it turned out that it turned Toy on very much
being choked as he was fucked. This in turn increased the amount of
semen he produced, which in turn made Master increase the size of the
bottle Bimbo had to fill with Toy's cum. In time it also wore Toy out
much faster than Bimbo, but Master had predicted that. He had talked to
the master he bought the collar from and among other things they had
discussed the sluts. Master's prediction had turned out to be true. The
sluts had lasted five months before being discarded, but the master had
been most satisfied, so all was well. 

In the end the brutal treatment wore Toy out in less than two years and
he was replaced by another slave boy who was treated exactly the same
way. Bimbo lasted for more than ten more years. Around the house he was
Master's little fucktoy and of course did Master's every bidding, no
matter how painful or humiliating. Sometimes there were other slave boys
around the house, apart from the succession of Toys, but Bimbo became a
fixture. He wore the giant steel dildo/chastity device constantly and
was always needy and never allowed to cum. The chastity device only came
off when his genitals were being washed or tortured and the latter
happened far more often. Other than the first orgasm Master had granted
him he never came again and his face acquired a permanently pained
expression of sexual frustration. Bimbo died of a stroke from all the
unfulfilled frustration one morning while fucking the eighth replacement
for Toy and Master found him slumped over the uncomprehending doggy
slave, Bimbo's massive steel cock still inside the slave's ass. 




Chapter 4

A month after being sealed inside wooden crates and shipped
off, Bebe and Toto returned to Master's stables. Their teeth and their
arms had now been removed and they were both desperate. Right up until
the moment when they woke up and realized that their arms really were
gone, both had hoped that somehow their freedom would be restored. While
both had been forced to acknowledge that they had a submissive streak
(Bebe's submissiveness being far stronger than Toto's) and that they
enjoyed being taken by Master, they had held a futile hope that they
would be free after all. Now that their arms were gone and they were
smooth-gummed, they had to admit, even to themselves, that they were
going to be slaves for the rest of their lives. A contributing factor to
this realization was the fact that Master had also had their voices
changed so that the only sounds they now could produce were horse-like
whinnies. There could now be no doubt that they were going to be
pony-slaves for the rest of their lives, at the mercy of a cruel and
brutal man. Secretly it made both of them, especially Bebe, hard with
desire. Bebe had had a natural submissive streak, which had been greatly
increased as Master conditioned both Bebe and Toto to be his ponies.
Part of it was the brutal and incessant training and the hopelessness of
their situation, but another part of it was the constant orgasms. At
least in the beginning, being Master's slave was not only very
demanding, but also very rewarding. While every wrong move was punished
severely, every command obeyed to the letter resulted in mind-blowing
orgasms. Both ponies were already completely addicted to the constant
orgasms. 

It was along these lines Master continued their training. Their training
once again involved proper walking and running technique and proper body
posture as well as behavior. It was physically extremely demanding and
adding to this was the constant sexual attention of the stable hands.
Behaving correctly resulted in a furious fucking with a most pleasurable
reach-around, while incorrect behavior resulted in furious punishments.
Only about a month after returning from the doctor the two ponies were
completely docile and obedient, both not only accepting their fate but
sometimes also relishing in it. The sight of Master made both ponies
moan with desire and both playfully leaned into his touch whenever he
came to the stables. 

With the initial training in place, Master began training the ponies for
the races he had planned for them. Master had great ambitions for this
set of ponies. There were three main categories of races to compete in:
the speed races, the posture races and the pain races. The speed races
were simple enough: a flat out races over two miles with a team of two
ponies dragging a jockey riding a sulky. The posture races were not
really a race, but more of a competition in the style and posture of the
pony teams to see who had the most well trained team of slaves. The pain
races were races where the pony teams were first subjected to horrific
torture and then driven around the track to see who were best at coping
with the pain. In the past pain races had been somewhat disorganized,
with masters torturing each others ponies somewhat randomly, but now
they were highly organized and the ponies were subjected to carefully
specified torture before being raced. 

Master wanted his new ponies to compete in all three competitions so
Bebe and Toto were subjected to grueling training from morning to night.
When they weren't being exhausted by training, they were being exhausted
by endless fuckings. Master had instituted a happy hour at the stables
right after the ponies returned from the day's training. For two hours
(one hour wasn't nearly enough for Master) everyone could come and fuck
the two ponies and since they were allowed to cum, both Bebe and Toto
came to love these sessions even if they were exhausting. 

However, the constant training took their toll on their minds. Gradually
they no longer thought of the world outside the compound, about their
lives as free men and lovers, about the unfairness and the brutality
they were subjected to. Gradually these thought were replaced by an
overwhelming feeling of love and affection for Master and a desperate
desire to please him, by the sense that this was right and that Master
treated them well, that they owed him everything. Eventually the ponies
believed that they owed Master everything and that they were indeed just
property. As they raced around the track, spurred on not only by the
whip, but also by the thought of the fantastic fucks they would receive
if they did well, their minds were filled with the need to please Master
and precious little else. Bebe and Toto were becoming dumb animals, just
like all of Master's other ponies. 

Training for the speed and posture races were conducted at the same
time, with long, hard runs where the emphasis was on proper technique
and posture. Training for the pain races were another matter altogether.
Under regular circumstances the ponies all wore more or less the same
"uniform": boots that allowed forced them to stand on their toes only
(Master's version of these boots were of course more painful than that
employed by most other masters), a huge buttplug with a flowing tail, a
sturdy steel collar, a bit with reins attached, a pair of blinkers and
finally a mesh pouch holding the pony's cock and balls. 

The version employed in the pain races was slightly different. The
standard steel collar was replaced by a garroting collar, and before
sealing off their cocks and asses, these were filled up with copious
amounts of chili oil, making the ponies screams with what little air
they had left. The final addition was the so-called pressure harness,
which consisted of three wide metal bands encircling the pony's upper
body and two encircling the pony's head, one over the eyes and another
going beneath the jaw and over the top of the head. These were tightened
until the pain was nearly unbearable. Now the ponies were ready to
compete: their insides filled with burning chili oil, their bodies and
heads compressed unbearably and their breathing so restricted that the
ponies could not even scream. It was not uncommon that of a starting
field of eight pony teams only one or two competed the course, while the
others either fainted or lay twitching in pain. Master was determined
that Bebe and Toto complete every race and the only way to make sure
that they did, was to subject them to that kind of torture until they
were "used to it". Neither Bebe nor Toto thought that they ever really
got used to the horrific torture, but eventually they were able to run
even when their insides were burning, their bodies felt as though they
were being crushed and their breath was all but gone. They were fuelled
by their love for Master and the knowledge that obedience was rewarded
by glorious orgasms, while disobedience resulted in punishments so
severe they made the race itself seem like a vanilla outing. 

Finally, after months of grueling training and harsh torture, punctuated
by mind-blowing orgasms, Bebe and Toto were ready to be raced. Before
being packaged for the journey the ponies stood ramrod straight in front
of the stables, awaiting the inspection of Master. Both stood completely
still, feet together, without even swaying as they waited for Master.
Only their toes rested on the tiny platforms, now increased in height to
six inches, carrying all their weight as the rest of the foot, encased
in hard and unyielding, black plastic, was effectively in line with the
leg. In their crotch their overworked cocks were imprisoned inside
black, rubber balls and in their asses resided massive, black rubber
cocks with flowing tails attached to the ends, giving the impression
that the ponies had real tails. Around their necks were thick and broad
steel collars and in their mouths were huge, jaw-wrenching black,
ball-gags. Blinkers and bits would not be fitted until it was time to
race. 

As the ponies stood there, nothing but the desire to please Master
filled their puny minds. In less than a year he had conditioned them to
the extent that they barely remembered being treated as humans. Master
clearly saw their pride in being his property and smiled. Such devotion
should be rewarded, if not exactly with affection. After inspecting his
property, he strapped their knees and ankles together and sealed their
heads inside thick, black rubber hoods. Then he strapped them to the
bottom of the trunk of his very large SUV and drove off to the
tournament. 

Two days later he arrived at the place where the races would be held.
Along the way he had stopped in forest stretches twice to feed the
ponies, allow them to relieve themselves and to fuck them. The ponies he
extracted from the trunk were happy, proud and very affectionate. Again
Master smiled. It was a smile any human being holding even a fraction of
sense would fear, but the ponies only saw approval and love, not the
impending pain and humiliation. 

After fitting them with blinkers and bits and securing them to the
sulky, Master rode his ponies towards the pen he had reserved for the
event. Along the way both the ponies and Master saw a great many other
ponies, all tied up in more or less the same way. At this event there
were only male ponies present, but Master knew that there were similar
events for female and even for shemale ponies. Master trotted onto a
practice track and let the ponies run, noting with some satisfaction
that their form was near perfect and that both looked to be fit. Master
wanted to win badly, but in any case it was a win-win situation for him.
Even if he didn't win he would have the glorious opportunity to inflict
real damage on the useless shit who had made him look bad. 

The next day was speed races. If he was to win, the ponies would have to
perform perfectly for four heats before reaching the final. Nobody had
of course bothered to inform the ponies of the rules, but they were
simple. Losers were put into the punishment pen, where everyone could
have their way with them and punish them as harshly as they desired, for
as long as they desired, as long as the ponies were able to stand up the
next day. The winners were left alone until the next race, but only the
winner of the final race would be left unpunished and even rewarded with
an orgasm, that is unless the master of that team objected to them being
allowed to cum. This system meant that an early exit could ruin a pony
teams chances of winning anything at all, since it could theoretically
mean that a team could be tortured right up until it was time to race
again. 

As Master lined Bebe and Toto up on the starting line for the first
heat, both were too pumped up to notice what little they could see of
the competition. Not that they could see much, since the blinkers
effectively cut off their peripheral vision and even the slightest
attempt at turning their heads would be dealt with severely. But Master
had seen what there was to see of the competition. He could see that at
least two of the teams were comprised of slaves with discipline so lax
they could only be in an almost consensual relationship, with a master
who treated them too kindly. Or at least the relationship had up until
now been consensual and the treatment been almost vanilla. Master knew
that those two teams were up for sale at the end of the races, but he
doubted that the ponies knew. He also doubted that they knew what
awaited them when they lost this race, as they must surely do. 

Master's evaluation of the competition proved to be correct as Bebe and
Toto won the race for him and the other ponies were led off to the
punishment pens. Behind him he heard the garbled protests, then screams,
of the ponies that had gotten so much more than they bargained for. 

Master and his team of devoted ponies won the four first heats, even if
the last one had required a strong finish to clinch, and were now ready
for the final speed race. There were five teams in the final: a team
made up of two very large, very pale white ponies, both as big and as
muscular as Bebe and Toto. Then there was a team made up of two swarthy
and muscular ponies with a slightly Arab look. Then there was a
positively daunting team made up of two huge and extremely muscular
ponies, both as black as midnight. Finally the team that Master thought
stood the best chances of winning consisted of two tall and slender
ponies with a complexion like coffee with cream. The two black slaves
filled Master with lust and a desire to punish and they looked like they
were born to run. Bebe and Toto, with their tiny Mohawk haircuts, were
the most hairy of the pony teams, which all looked very fit and above
all extremely well disciplined. The race was for all intents and
purposes over right after it had begun. For all the effort the other
teams poured into it, none were able to catch the two attractive brown
ponies, who almost cruised to victory. The race became a race for second
place instead between Master and his team and the master controlling the
Arab-looking team. The two pale ponies had nothing left and the two
ponies the color of midnight were too clunky to keep up. In the end it
was a photo finish and the Arab ponies won literally by half a
cock-length. One of the Arabs was extremely well endowed and his master
allowed him to race with his cock unfettered for this reason. The Arab
pony was of course well enough conditioned to love his master and as
result he ran around with a permanent erection and as it was, this was
what clinched second place for his team. 

Not that it did him or his fellow pony any real good, since they were
all thrown into the punishment pen. The pen was filled with ponies
already trying to scream their heads off and soon the latest batch of
unlucky losers joined the chorus. Since the competitions were over for
the day, the remaining masters now joined the ones already working hard
to make the ponies scream and the torture started in earnest. That night
there were no orgasms for Bebe and Toto, but rather and endless
succession of painful encounters with unknown and unfriendly masters.
Apart from the standard whippings Bebe and Toto were given electric
shocks to their genitals and had them turned into pincushions several
time during the night. Only in the early hours of the morning were they
left alone so that the masters could get some sleep. 

In the morning the races started again and this time it was posture
racing. Since all the teams present competed in all the events, there
was only one team that was fresh and well rested and that was the winner
of the event from the day before. The two gorgeous black ponies looked
well rested and very satisfied, as their master had granted them a rare
orgasm. Bebe and Toto were bleary-eyed but still better of than most of
the other teams as they had been tortured for less time. Besides,
Master's insistence on training them for pain-races now paid off and by
then end of the day they were once again among the final five teams. 

In the postures races one team at a time was sent out onto an obstacle
course of sorts. Here they had to negotiate the obstacles as quickly as
possible, but most importantly as gracefully as possible. The ponies
were given points for style and speed and the one with the most points
at the end of the final had won. Two of the other teams in the final had
also competed in the speed race final the night before: the gorgeous,
slender black team and the Arab-looking team. The two final teams were
slender and graceful white boys, one of them a pair of twins. Again the
black ponies won, their grace unhampered by punishments from the night
before. Again Bebe and Toto finished third, just behind the Arabs. And
again all the losers were shoved into the punishment pen for yet another
grueling night of torture. 

The final day was by far the worst for the ponies and by far the most
amusing for the masters. Although the pain was extreme, all the ponies
were put into their harnesses, filled up with chili oil and fitted with
a garroting collar right from the morning. When they lost they were
shoved into the punishment pen, their harnesses still on and indeed
these would not come off until the races were over and it was time to go
home. 

Here Master's brutal training really paid off. Bebe and Toto won their
opening heats easily as most of the other teams just collapsed and lay
twitching and gurgling with pain. Bebe and Toto ran through a fog of
pain, their entire beings consumed by pain, mixed with devotion for
Master. One thought filled their minds: they must not let Master down.
In the final they met the familiar competition: the gorgeous black
ponies, the Arabs and the two teams from the speed races, the pale
ponies and the two daunting black ponies. Neither Bebe nor Toto could
see it since their vision was cut off by the steel strap across their
eyes, but none of the teams looked well. All were gasping for air and
few were able to stand still and most of the teams showed signs of loss
of bladder control, with fluids running down their legs. Not long after
the start of the race the two Arabs collapsed, gurgling with pain and
exhaustion. Almost simultaneously the two gorgeous black ponies stopped
dead in their tracks, their bodies twitching with pain as they were
paralyzed and got no further. After a few steps more the two pale ponies
fell to the ground unconscious and now only the two huge black ponies
and Bebe and Toto were left. The pain was excruciating and all Bebe and
Toto wanted to do was to lie down and scream for mercy that would never
be granted. But giving up now would disappoint Master terribly,
something they wanted to avoid at all costs. So they continued with the
race, neck-a-neck with the other team. In the end, however, the black
team was stronger. Towards the end of the race they pulled ahead and
finished a couple of yards ahead of Bebe and Toto, who cried with
despair when they found out. Master was absolutely furious and by the
time he delivered his ponies to the punishment pen, they were barely
conscious. 

When they were pulled out of the trunk back at the compound four days
later, they cowered before Master, whinnying with remorse, their bodies
covered in welts and rifts. Both knew that they would do better next
time and they actually looked forward to beginning training, so complete
was their conditioning. 

Epilogue 
Master raced Bebe and Toto for a couple of years. Despite their
best efforts they didn't win anything for the first year, sparking
furious torture sessions, but then they gradually began winning, thus
earning Master's favor. The combination of harsh training, furious
punishment and mind-blowing orgasms and the fact that there was never
any kind of let-up, any kind of pause, had long since turned them into
nothing but dumb beasts. Neither Bebe nor Toto were able to read anymore
and they only understood the most basic commands, sentences having long
since slipped their grasp. They no longer remembered their human selves
and lived, as did all his slaves, only to please Master. 

When they had been his ponies for three years and he had long since
gotten more ponies to race, Master decided it was time for an
experiment. Master's treatment of slaves was brutal and demanding and
usually wore his slaves out in four to five years, but Bebe and Toto
looked like they were a bit more resilient so Master decided play a
little with them. 

First he took care of their feet. He smashed their feet and their
ankles, forcing the crushed members down into thin cone-like "shoes".
The cone extended more than nine inches from the tips of their crushed
toes and ended in an impossibly small point. Since there were no heels,
this was all the ponies had to balance on. Next he put corsets on them.
Brutally tight corsets, made of thick, black plastic with steel
reinforcements, giving them an unnatural hourglass shaped waistline. It
made the poor ponies fight for breath, but Master was far from finished.
Then, for the first time with his ponies, he introduced a chastity
device. He fitted both Bebe and Toto with a device like the one Bimbo
wore, a rubber lined steel tube keeping them constantly hard and
constantly denying them orgasms. 

The change made the ponies desperate. Being used to about twenty orgasms
a day for three years had not only made them addicted to orgasms, but
also increased their production of semen to enormous quantities. After
just two days of chastity, the ponies' balls felt like they were going
to explode and they were almost hysterical with unfulfilled lust. But of
course there was no mercy from Master and he made sure that they were
fucked just as much as before, but still not allowed to cum. To begin
with their performance deteriorated on the track, both as a result of
their newly imposed chastity, but also because of their new footwear.
After a few months, however, Master literally had them whipped back into
shape. 

Once this had been accomplished he took the next step and transformed
them into mere objects. Firs came a visit to the good doctor. He removed
their eyes and replaced them with black marbles, just to fill the empty
space. Then he cut off their outer ears and made them deaf before
filling up their ears with a hard resin. 

When they returned to Master Bebe and Toto were completely desperate and
extremely disoriented. Only constant punishment kept them in contact
with the outside world. Master then filled their mouths and throats with
huge dildos going all the way down their throats. Through the dildos ran
two tubes: one down into their stomachs and used to provide them with
food and water, and one into their lungs, providing them with air. The
tubes were, apart from the hole for their necks, the only breaks in the
hoods sealing off their heads. Both now wore two hoods: an inner hood
made from very thick rubber, which clung to their faces and robbed them
of most of the contact with the outside world. The second hood took care
of the final bit of contact with the outside world. It was also made
from thick rubber and it could be inflated and thus not only turned
their heads into big, black and featureless balloons, but also pressed
the inner hood much more tightly to the head. Inside theses hoods the
only sensation was pressure. Everything else was lost. 

Moving just a bit down, Master fitted them with very special posture
collars. Like all posture collars they were thick and broad and allowed
the wearer to hold his head in only one position. What was special about
these collars, was the fact that they could be made broader, forcing the
head further away from the shoulders, if only a little bit at a time.
But a little bit was enough for Master, who had a long-term plan for
Bebe and Toto. Gradually he made the collar broader and broader, forcing
their neck to stretch a bit more each day. Master was a very patient man
when it came to inflicting pain and discomfort and after two years of
constant pressure Bebe and Toto had necks that were fifteen inches long
and very thin. Neither Bebe nor Toto had any muscles that could hold
their heads up, so when their hood and collars were changed and their
heads washed, their heads had to held up by other means so that they
didn't break their necks. 

The final thing Master did to his two unfortunate ponies was to take
care of their genitals. First he pierced their testicles, making the now
deaf, blind mute ponies thrash with intense pain. Through the balls he
put small bars and to these bars he secured lead weight of a pound or
more. The ponies' balls were now permanently pulled painfully down by
these weights that never came off, but rather were increased in weight
as time went by. 

Their cocks were also permanently pierced and bars put through the shaft
in several places. Using a combination of pulling on the bars, suction
and hormones Master enlarged the ponies' cocks in the most painful and
humiliating manner possible. In the end their cocks grew to be
twenty-three inches long and four inches in diameter. During the whole
process they not allowed to cum at all and when the process was
finished, their cocks were sealed inside a rubber lined steel tube, kept
constantly hard and aroused, but never allowed to cum. It drove the
ponies absolutely mad with unfulfilled desire. The enormous cocks they
now sported, permanently erect as they were, disrupted their balance. To
fix this problem Master filled their asses with an enormous battery pack
that ran the pulsating sleeve around their cocks. The battery pack was
as long and thick as a very large and muscular man's forearm and weighed
five pounds. Like the giant, steel cock-sleeve it was secured to their
bodies with a steel belt, which also ran down between their legs. 

When the transformation was over Master had reduced his pony slaves to
objects; freaky slave-things that were barely human to look at. Their
heads were featureless, black balloons sitting on top impossibly long
and impossibly thin, black, plastic necks. Their waists were encircled
by harsh corsets and from their crotch gigantic, shiny black steel cocks
sprouted. The ponies walked in impossibly thin, black plastic boots
ending in points no one could be expected to stand still in. Yet these
freaks were able to stand perfectly at attention in their torturous
footwear, sporting their incredible steel cocks. Hours, days and months
of brutal torture and training had taught them. 

Inside their rubber prisons Bebe and Toto's minds were utterly
destroyed. They didn't know if they were awake or dreaming, as they made
their way through a constant haze of unfulfilled lust, their only
thought to please Master when his commands were given to them via the
whip. 

THE END 

Please drop me a line at story_2nn@yahoo.com and tell what you liked or
disliked about the story. 2NN 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





