BDSM Library - Enslaved




Enslaved
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about a wife who cheats and gets into very very deep trouble.
Enslaved

Chapter 1


It was a warm September afternoon. Here I was, a mid-thirties, suburban 
housewife walking down the quiet, suburban street I lived on, on the way to 
Gloria's house. It was fairly windy, a gust whipped up and I had to reach down 
to hold my skirt. I suppose my modesty wasn't really in jeopardy but the skirt 
was considerably shorter than what I was accustomed to wearing. Having looked at 
myself in the mirror before leaving home, I noticed that the bustline of the 
dress certainly accentuated my 36C breasts and the skirt flaired enough to 
emphasize my narrow waist and lush hips.
Gloria had asked me to assist her with a party she was throwing for her husband 
Dave's boss. He had just started a new job she really wanted to impress him. 
Part of his new responsibilities included entertaining customers. She was 
originally going to hire several college girls to serve food and drinks but she 
suggested that maybe I would want to help and in return she would forget the 
$65.00 I had borrowed earlier that month. I readily agreed, the party sounded 
like fun. Gloria thought about renting maids uniforms for us but decided against 
it, she then asked us both to wear matching skirts and blouses. She had called 
me earlier in the week and told me that mine was almost ready, I had gone over 
to her place to try the skirt on. I was uncomfortable with how short it was but 
she laughed it off, reminding me that I was about 20 years behind the times. I 
didn't want to appear too prudish, I didn't know any of these people and 
wouldn't be the only one dressed like this, besides it was no worse than what 
many other women were wearing these days; so I agreed to wear it. I had to admit 
the outfit didn't look too bad on me, a red and black checked skirt, white 
blouse, red scarf, black high heels and suntan panty hose. It may have looked 
all right but it wasn't designed to protect me from the November gusts I 
shivered and hurried along the sidewalk.
Gloria met me at the door, she laughed and asked me if it was going to snow. We 
stood on the porch and discussed the overcast weather for a moment, until she 
noticed me shivering. We stepped inside to begin preparations for the evening. 
Gloria was busy on the phone so I did most of the straightening up, setting up 
the buffet, etc. About 5:00, a pretty young girl came to the door wearing the 
same outfit I was in. We introduced each other; Paula was to help me serve. She 
seemed nice, pert, maybe a little impertinent but friendly enough and I had to 
admit in that outfit with her figure, she looked smashing. She told me she was a 
19 year old student at a nearby JC. I said goodbye to Pete and Chris, Gloria's 
kids, 16 and 14 respectively. They were going to their own party that night, so 
they wouldn't be disturbed by ours. They were actually the reason for my 
friendship with Gloria; Chris was my 15 year old daughter Karen's best friend. 
And Pete was Karen's boyfriend. He had always scared me, I thought he might be 
too "mature" for her, but what could I do?
Gloria came down about 7:30. Dave had just gotten home and the guests had just 
started arriving. Mostly couples, mid twenties to early forties, they were quite 
well dressed. There were about 25 people in all, including Paula and I. I was 
introduced to most of the guests and was flattered by the interest all took in 
me although a little uncomfortable. The women were less friendly, maybe even 
condescending. It seems that Gloria had mentioned something about me to most of 
them. I was involved in putting away the guests' coats and serving drinks. At 
one point I walked by the kitchen and heard Gloria on the phone. Something 
caught my attention and I froze, listening to the conversation..."36 years old, 
married, 3 kids, 5'6", 120lbs, green eyes, brown hair, has no idea what's going 
on. This bitch has never even thought about anyone other than her husband." At 
that the party on the other end must have said something, for Gloria was silent. 
I was dumbfounded, she couldn't be talking about me?? About this time she looked 
up and noticed me standing there. She looked startled but recovered well, "what 
are you doing? Dammit Joan this is personal I'd appreciate it if"... I turned 
and went back into the living room; the incident seemed strange but I really 
didn't think it was important, I could confront her later. I didn't think she 
really had been talking about me.
I went into the living room, it was quite large, with a fireplace in the center. 
They had used furniture to divide it into two "rooms"; a family room and a more 
formal living room. I went to the buffet table set up in the adjoining dining 
room and started helping Paula serve. Occasionally one of us would carry around 
a tray of drinks. I began to feel slightly uncomfortable, out of place. There 
was an air of excitement in the room but whenever I got near enough to a group 
to hear or join in the conversation it seemed to die; sudden pauses, pregnant 
silences etc. This happened several times and I was wondering what was going on. 
Paula seemed to fit right in though. When she brought around a tray I saw her 
laughing with the main group. One of the men put his arm around in a manner that 
suggested they had not just met. Several of them including Paula looked over in 
my direction as if appraising me, then Paula returned and offered to relieve me 
for a while. This went on until about 9:30.
Dave came over and took my arm, "there's someone I want you to meet". He 
introduced me to Craig, his boss, and Phil, Gloria's brother. Both men seemed 
seriously interested in my life, my family, job etc. and were really probing me 
for details. This seemed strange too but a welcome relief from the alienation I 
had been feeling up to this point. I took a glass of wine and began to loosen 
up.
About half an hour later Gloria gathered all the guests back into the living 
room, saying "it's time folks". Everyone seemed quite excited at this and I 
wondered, "what in the world"... I was on my 2nd glass of wine, (I never drink), 
and slightly lightheaded. Phil gently took it out of my hands, took my arm 
firmly and guided me to the living room. The chairs and couches had been 
rearranged in a semi circle in front of the fireplace. In the center a long low 
coffee table had been placed. The guests were seated or standing around the 
table. Phil guided me to the front, I was confused but held his arm. Gloria 
stood in front of the table facing everyone.
"This is something I have been looking forward to for a while. Joan has been 
interested in Indian rights for some time. She doesn't know it but tonight she 
is going to help collect money for the cause". There was a general outbreak of 
laughter at that. I decided that I would prefer to be standing in the back and 
started to move but found my arms suddenly grabbed. I froze. "Bring her up 
here", Gloria commanded. Paula and Jan (a friend of mine who had just convinced 
me to join the church's Garden Club) each took one arm and pulled me up on the 
coffee table, I resisted but not toohard, not knowing what was coming. I was 
turned so that I faced the group, my arms still held, and my hair wrapped around 
Paula's hand, she forced my head so I had to face the group.
Gloria smiled at me and told me to relax, "this won't be too bad we're just 
going to auction off some clothing". The room erupted with laughter. I was numb, 
too shocked to scream. Gloria stood next to the table "what do I hear for her 
scarf?"; some one offered $1.00, another $2.00, the bidding went up to $5.00. At 
that time Gloria accepted the bid, and reached for me, ripping the scarf from 
around my neck. I screamed, a hand was clamped around my face. The scarf was 
forced down my throat and with my arms held I couldn't get it out. People 
started to sit down, they all appeared to know what was going to happen. "Next 
up, her blouse", There was some cursory bidding, Gloria backed up close to the 
table, I saw the opportunity and tried to kick her. That was a mistake. Phil and 
Craig grabbed both legs. They each took hold of an ankle. In addition they 
rubbed their hands up and down my thighs and up under my skirt, much to the 
amusement of the other guests. I was sobbing in my humiliation but there was no 
escape.
After a little more bidding my blouse was removed. Phil won the bidding and took 
it off himself. They bent me over a little so that his face was level with mine. 
He reached out and ripped my blouse down the front, he jerked my arms out, I 
tried to cover up but Jan twisted my arm until I gagged. I relaxed and they 
straightened me back up. I was held there, up on the table with just my bra on. 
I went blank for a moment, the only other man who had ever seen me like this was 
Tom... I never in my worst dreams imagined this could ever happen. Paula 
fingered a gold chain I was wearing. It had a diamond pendant. Tom had given it 
to me for our 12th wedding anniversary. It was sold for $5.00. It was ripped off 
my neck, the chain breaking at the clasp, and ripping my neck. Gloria told Paula 
to hold up my ring finger so my wedding band could be examined, "she won't be 
needing that tonight". It went for a few dollars. I was still kind of in shock, 
I was sobbing but was still unbelieving. These things really don't happen. Again 
Gloria stepped up. She reached out and snapped the strap on my bra. "What do I 
hear for this fine Maiden Form Brassiere?"... The other guests all laughed at 
her sarcasm, they talked among themselves but most of the attention was riveted 
on me. The bidding went on. My bra was sold for $20.00. Gloria didn't make any 
move to remove it though, I was shaking like a leaf, what next? "Whoever 
correctly guesses what size this item of clothing is shall have the privilege of 
removing it, however an incorrect guess costs $5.00". She reached back and 
looked at the tag and laughed, "not bad, who's your plastic surgeon?". I was 
turned and poked by several guys "so they could have a fightin' chance of 
guessing right". Several people tried guessing, on the third guess Steve's wife 
Marie said "36D", and Gloria smiled..."we have a winner". Marie "graciously 
allowed" Steve to remove the bra. He took his time. He poked, rubbed and fondled 
me to the delight of the crowd for about five minutes. I had lost control by 
then, sobbing hysterically. Finally He removed it, and his hands. I had noticed 
earlier that several people had brought camera's with them, now it appeared that 
everyone had. I was turned and twisted to pose for these people, my hair 
practically ripped out of my head to force me to look into the cameras. Paula 
reached down, still holding one arm and ripped my skirt up to my waist, 
flashbulbs popped. They didn't bother with the formality of auctioning my skirt, 
it disappeared in a frenzy. I passed out.




Enslaved: Chapter 2




When I awoke I was spreadeagled on my back on the coffee table, feet tied, each 
to a leg, arms held back over my head by Paula and Jan, and was surrounded by 
the guests, Gloria was slapping my face. When I opened my eyes she smiled "she's 
ready now" Craig was standing at my feet. His wife ritualistically unbuttoned 
his trousers and pulled them down. She caressed his penis but it was throbbing, 
he didn't need much help. When he entered me it was rough. I screamed into the 
gag and everyone broke into hysterical laughter. Craig even stopped and smiled, 
but not for long. He had intercourse with me more roughly than I ever imagined 
possible. Each stroke seemed to burn itself into my insides. I looked up once 
into his eyes and saw a terrible fury there. When he was done He pulled out and 
stood up, He moved to the head of the table and stood over me his penis dripping 
into my face. He put one foot on the table next to my face and motioned Paula 
and Jan to pose on either side of him like a champion race car driver being 
congratulated after a victory while his wife took several snapshots. They also 
each put a leg up on the table, their nyloned legs flanking him as Marion took 
the shots. I tried to cover up, Jan grabbed an arm and I was jerked back into a 
helpless position. After Craig, the other men began taking turns on me. They 
blanked into one another I was only semi-aware when one was done and another 
started.
Again I blacked out. I was thinking about Tom and Karen my 14 year old, (and 
Pete's girlfriend). I imagined myself with them on the beach during our last 
vacation. I was warm and comfortable. In my dream I was warm and comfortable, I 
thought I saw my son coming towards me with a cold coke. He threatened to pour 
it on me. I awoke with a start to look up into Steve's face as he rubbed a cold 
bottle of beer against my crotch. Things were quieter, the lights had been 
turned off in this end of the room, there were several candles lit.
I was no longer gagged nor held down. Steve helped untie my ankles and his wife 
Marie gently guided me to a couch. I noticed that most of the guests were gone, 
there were several couples sitting at the other end of the room talking with 
Gloria and Dave but they paid us no attention. Marie helped me gather my shoes, 
panty hose, bra and what was left of my blouse. My panties were nowhere to be 
found. I put on my panty hose and with Marie's help my shoes and skirt. Steve 
was still holding my blouse and bra. Gloria noticed something and walked down to 
our end of the room. "Steve let me help you with that stuff, It's not fit for 
Joan to wear anymore so let's just chuck it". With that Steve frowned but handed 
her the clothing and she tossed it into the fireplace where it disappeared in a 
temporary resurgence of the dying fire. Marie and Steve both looked a little 
sympathetic, they sat on the couch on either side of me. They were both quite 
gentle, and after the last hours I clung to that. The room was warm but I was 
still shaking uncontrollably. Steve held me to stop my shaking. For the first 
time I could remember I stopped sobbing. I didn't resist when Steve cupped one 
breast. He was gentle and I felt a little safer being held. Marie spoke up. "I 
saved your wedding ring for you, want it back? Of course,... listen though Steve 
has a fantasy about this, would you be willing to help him live it? It's a lot 
easier than what you've already been through tonight". I nodded agreement 
silently. I knew I had no choice and I was more comfortable here than I would 
have been if Gloria noticed me again. And they were so kind, I wanted to 
preserve that desperately.
Steve reached for my hand and held it while Marie slipped the ring on my ring 
finger. Steve unzipped his pants and motioned for me to pull his member out. I 
hesitated but when Marie started to move I reached for it. I took it out, It was 
hard almost immediately. Marie guided me to the floor in front of Steve where I 
knelt. She pushed my Face down into his crotch and I understood I was to take it 
in my mouth. I gagged but did it. After a few moments she pulled my head back 
and told me that if I wanted to I could just use my hand but I would have to let 
him come in my face. Dumbly I cooperated. I was in a kind of shock. Every time I 
tried to use my right hand she stopped me, I was to only use my left. When he 
came he spurted in my face and on my hand which went up to protect my eyes. He 
came a lot, it was warm and felt smooth against my skin.
Flash bulbs popped. I looked left and there were Paula and Gloria both recording 
this moment for posterity. Me topless, on my knees, Steve's cock in my face and 
cum dripping off my face and hand (later I was to learn that it was dripping off 
my ring, that was the object of the exercise). When Steve finished cumming, 
Marie wiped his cock off with my other hand and replaced it in his pants. They 
both got up as if I wasn't even there and joined the other group. I heard a long 
burst of hysterical laughter. Gloria spoke up as they left. "Get on your feet 
and bring us some wine, and see if anyone wants any dessert." I complied, it 
didn't seem like there was anything else to do at the time.
It was about 2:00 AM by then. I served dessert and a little wine to the 
remaining guests. I was directed to again remove my skirt and kneel on the floor 
under the lamp where they could all see me, until I was needed. I complied. I 
tried not to look into anyone's eyes, I was sobbing again but afraid of making 
too much noise. At one point Gloria got up and threw my skirt into the fire, she 
also grabbed the arm that I was using to cover my breasts and jerked away. 
"Don't you dare cover up". After that they mostly ignored me in the conversation 
but would occasionally give me a look of disgust to insure I was aware of my 
condition.
For awhile I knelt there, leaning back fully exposing my breasts to avoid 
Gloria's wrath. I was thinking back through my entire relationship with Gloria 
and Dave. I had never seen anything remotely comparing to their treatment of me 
tonight. I had felt that Gloria was occasionally unnecessarily snappish with me, 
even rude, but she had always seemed to be a fairly reliable friend. I had 
confided in her about marital problems etc. and she in me. Her cruelty shocked 
me as did her blatant enjoyment of my subjugation. I thought about Jan. She had 
always been a good friend. She was what men call a doll, small, excellent 
figure, pretty face, dark complexion, attracted men like flies but seemed to 
ignore them.
Tonight she was acting extremely provocative, enjoying egging the men on, and 
directing their energies towards me. She also enjoyed my subjugation. I never 
even imagined that she could act like this.
About 3:30 Paula got up to leave and Gloria told me to help her with her coat. 
Standing there in the hallway Paula smiled and cruelly told me that "I have 
really enjoyed the evening, haven't you?" She laughed and told me that she had 
made a deal with Gloria, and I was the deal. I would be hearing from her later 
in the week, and if I valued my family I would cooperate. She pulled my necklace 
out of her pocket and told me she would get it fixed. Maybe I could borrow it 
sometime... with that she stepped out the door and I was left alone in the 
hallway. Dave came out and guided me to the basement, he pointed to a pile of 
blankets and said Gloria would be down in the morning. I heard that door shut 
and the lock click into place. Alone in the dark, I sobbed myself through the 
night but didn't sleep. I relived the experience countless times. Was it real? 
Why? Why? Why? How could I face the people I knew. How could I face Gloria and 
Dave, and the others I knew I might see again?
About 12 hours later The door opened and the bright light caused me to squint in 
pain. Gloria came down carrying some clothing which she dumped at my feet. "Get 
up!! Joan I'm not going to waste time with unnecessary threats. Suffice to say 
that I have affidavits from everyone who was here last night that you got drunk 
and made a fool of yourself. You made passes at every man and when they were 
done you were begging for more. I have pictures that would ruin your marriage 
for ever. And finally if you don't want me to include Karen in our next Soiree, 
you will do as you are told. I do require you to sign two papers and then I am 
going to let you go. I know you won't be stupid enough to fight this but just in 
case."
I looked at the papers. One said something to the effect that I had agreed to 
"sell my body" for $65.00. I agreed to serve as the entertainment at an "adult" 
party with the understanding that providing sexual favors would be part of the 
deal. She had me write my age, name, and measurements on the form in my own 
handwriting. She also had me write that I would gladly perform fellatio and have 
intercourse with whomsoever desired it at this party. And that I understood that 
although such an agreement was illegal it would suffice to prove the 
voluntariness of any sexual activity. I managed to maintain my composure and 
although I shook, I wrote what she wanted. After I had written what she had 
originally ordered, she smiled and said let's improve this, "write that you are 
married and you know Tom your husband would die if he knew what you had done, so 
you asked your husband to leave you alone for the weekend." Finally she had me 
write a note to Tom on the back of the contract. "Tom I decided to see what the 
rest of the world was like. I enjoyed what the 11 guys at that party did to me. 
Ask Gloria for some snapshots." I complied. Gloria told me she was sure that she 
would never have to use this paper.
The other form was a model release which covered the entire night. It 
specifically mentioned that the photos were nude, I had posed voluntarily and 
that I assigned to Gloria the rights to do what she desired with them including 
publication. The total helplessness of the situation got to me. I broke into 
tears.
"Joan if you don't sign this in about 3 seconds you will lose the chance and I 
will have to protect myself in a less genteel fashion". I wasn't sure what she 
meant but decided that I had nothing to lose by signing the forms. I did and she 
left.
Strangely she looked at me with almost friendliness in her eyes and said gently, 
"Joan things have changed, but you're going to be all right. If you continue to 
do what you're told, we will take care of you." As she climbed the stairs out of 
the basement she left the basement door open and opened the back door of her 
home. I was looking directly outside.
I stepped out of the light and dressed. She had chosen the clothes to humiliate 
me. There was no bra or panties, the sweater was her daughters, and about 3 
sizes too small. The shoes were mine, the pantyhose mine (it had been washed) 
but the skirt was again Chris'. In addition to being too tight it was so short I 
was afraid to walk, if I took too long a step I felt I would be exposing myself 
to the world. But I did put it on and stepped out the door to freedom.
Walking down the street to my home I reflected on the evening. And Gloria's 
cryptic final remarks, she couldn't think she could do this to me again? I 
looked down at what I was wearing and realized that she might be able to do what 
she wanted. That was a chilling thought. I knew I could never go to the police. 
There was a real possibility that even if they believed my story, that Gloria 
could indeed ruin my life and my families'. I passed by a moving van, people 
were just moving into the home. Three guys stood on the steps. I heard a loud 
whistle, and another. Realizing they were for me I smiled involuntarily but 
stepped up my pace. I felt embarrassed but flattered. I looked up into the 
November sky. It was the deepest blue and the brightest sunlight that I had seen 
in a long time... 




Enslaved: Chapter 3



I had spent the rest of that weekend in a daze. Saturday afternoon when I got 
home, I immediately took off the clothes Gloria had sent me away in, and threw 
them into the garbage in the garage. I tried to sleep. Although I had not slept 
in a day and a half, I was still to upset. I wandered around the house, but 
couldn't seem to sit down. About 6:30 I ran some water for a bath. As I lay 
there I began to relax. When I moved I realized how sore I was. I think it was 
then that the shock wore off and the full import of what had happened hit me. I 
had been raped, not just raped but gang-raped. Not by strangers in some alley, 
but by friends, and neighbors, less than two blocks from my home.
Not knowing where to turn, or what to do I moved from the tub to my bed and 
eventually drifted off to sleep. When I woke up Sunday I was still in kind of a 
funk. It was a cold clear day and I forced myself to clean up around the house, 
etc. in preparation for my families return from Tom's parents. I thought about 
Friday night. That was the first time I had had sex with anyone other than my 
husband. I was ashamed to admit it but the worst part was the humiliation. The 
sex with the men had been degrading but... When Tom and the kids got there I 
tried to act cheerful and welcome them back. Karen immediately stated that she 
was going to run over to see Pete. I lost control. I yelled at her, told her 
that she was not going anywhere. Everyone stared at me, Karen looked shocked but 
said nothing.
Tom took me aside and asked me if I was alright. I said yes, there was nothing 
wrong. He went over to Karen and told her to wait until after dinner to leave. 
While she was gone I was scared silly. What would she find out over there? I did 
not know at the time if Pete or Chris knew what had happened to me, it was so 
crazy I did not know what to think.
The next few days went slowly. Tom repeatedly asked me what was wrong but I 
could not tell him. He could never understand. I know I was acting strangely but 
could not help myself. We tried to make love several times. Each time Tom would 
try to approach me I kept thinking about that Friday night. The one time we did 
make love I remember comparing his lovemaking to Craig's brutal intercourse. I 
didn't enjoy Tom that night at all. It was so cold so dispassionate, I think Tom 
finally got the message. 10 days later, about 7:00 one night I came down stairs 
and heard people talking in the living room. "What happened last weekend, she 
hasn't been the same since?" There was an edge on Tom's voice when he spoke. 
"She seemed all right Friday night when she left". That was Dave speaking, 
Gloria spoke up. "Steve and Marie Daniels left with her, they were going to drop 
her off since it was pretty late. I talked to Marie last week and she didn't 
mention anything". "Why don't we all get together Saturday? Maybe she's just 
depressed and a little get together will cheer her up." Tom agreed that that 
might be a good idea. Gloria mentioned that she would try and invite a few other 
people and would talk to Tom later in the week to set it up. I realized that if 
someone saw me standing here they would notice that I had been eavesdropping. I 
went on down into the living room. Gloria and Dave were there with Tom. Gloria 
smiled warmly and mentioned that since she hadn't heard from me in a while they 
thought they would stop by. I mumbled hello, and sat next to Tom. We sat and 
talked for about 45 minutes. Everything seemed so, so... normal. After they left 
I wondered if that night had really happened. I wanted to forget and they acted 
as if nothing had changed.
I tried to talk Tom out of going but he was adamant. Saturday morning came and I 
saw that I had no choice. I pretended to be sick, and that was not far from the 
truth but the kids were eager to leave and Tom seemed intent on dragging me 
there. I put on some jeans and a blouse and we left to walk over there. As we 
walked down the street I took stock of my family. Tom was 36, a fairly 
successful attorney and his practice was just beginning to come into its own. 
After some hard years it looked like he was in the process of becoming one of 
the most prominent local attorneys. He was 5'10", 175 lbs and stayed in great 
shape. I was extremely proud of him. When I married him I had misgivings. He was 
a wonderful person, extremely dependable and I knew he could take care of me but 
he was a little to staid, to damn dependable. I realized as I looked at him that 
I had made the right choice. I cared for him deeply and he was a wonderful 
husband and father. I looked at Karen my 14 year old. She was a sophomore in 
high school, well behaved and normally easy to handle. Many of my friends envied 
me because Karen and I seemed to have so few problems. Her figure had been 
developing faster than I wanted to see though, I worried about her. She went out 
with Pete, Gloria's 16 year old and I felt that he was to wild for her. Scott my 
12 year old was skinny as a beanpole, a little awkward but he was moving out of 
the awkward stage and I was quite proud of him. Linda our youngest was 11, she 
was a little monster, I loved her dearly though, she was my favorite. Tom 
accused me of spoiling her. All in all I was extremely proud of my family.
I looked up and saw that we had almost reached Gloria's house. I was a little 
nervous but Tom had told me that we could leave after a little if I still didn't 
feel better. If he only knew!!! Dave met us at the door. Behind him stood Mona 
who had been Karen and Scott's 5th grade teacher. I heard voices in the living 
room and I saw Phil, Gloria's brother and a young women I didn't know. While 
Dave introduced me to Phil and his date (Denise). Mona took Tom off to the side 
and they appeared to be engaged in an earnest discussion. The kids disappeared 
upstairs. I realized that I was the only woman not wearing a skirt or a dress. 
Gloria came out of the kitchen, welcomed us and asked if Mona or I could give 
her a hand in the kitchen for a moment. Mona grabbed my hand and almost dragged 
me into the kitchen. Once there she placed her hand over my mouth while Gloria 
picked up a cup of some bright red sauce and splashed it on my white blouse. 
Gloria spoke loudly, "I'm terribly sorry". She went on for a moment while Mona 
relaxed her grip but kept a hand on my arm and quietly said. "Cooperate with me 
Joan and today will be fairly easy for you." Before I could answer Mona pulled 
me out of the kitchen, I tried to look embarrassed, not scared. I knew somehow 
that that was how they wanted me to act while Gloria announced how clumsy she 
was. Mona offered to take me home to change clothes, while Gloria continued to 
act sympathetic and apologize. The show was clearly for Tom's benefit. I 
understood from the pressure of Mona's fingers that I was to accept her offer. I 
did.
She drove me the 2 blocks to my home silently. I asked her what was going on, 
for a moment I was outraged but when she offered to take me back and allow 
Gloria to tell Tom what I had really done 2 weeks earlier I became a little 
scared (terrified) and went along with her. She pulled up into my driveway, I 
got out and began walking towards the back door. She stopped me. "When you enter 
a home alone you will use the back door, when you are with someone else, you 
will ensure that they at least use the front". I looked at her as if to ask what 
in the world but thought better of it. She went up the stairs and straight into 
my bedroom. I watched her as she went through my closet. She was tall about 
5'8", blonde hair, blue eyes, single and about 31 or 32 years old. She had a 
good body and as I remembered she had always liked to flaunt it. She was wearing 
a long black skirt, but it was slit to mid thigh. I had seen when we had walked 
into Gloria's home that Tom had noticed her. I had felt a tinge of jealousy. 
After going through my closet for a moment she turned to me and told me to get 
out all my skirts, pumps or heels, tan or flesh covered panty hose, and 
sweaters. She would choose what I was to wear. I complied with her demand. As I 
bent down to get out my shoes I bumped into her. She grabbed my hair and slapped 
me twice across the face. She didn't hit me hard but I was shocked. Tears rolled 
down my face. "Hurry up, if we don't get back in a few minutes Gloria will be 
getting out the picture album she created for you last week and showing Tom and 
your kids what a good show you put on."
After I had lain everything out she picked out 2 pair of shoes, plain black 
pumps and plain white ones, several pair of panty hose and a sweater. She made 
me try on several skirts. Finally she made me put on the black pumps, panty 
hose, a knee length black skirt and a red turtle neck. She put several skirts, 
the white pumps and some panty hose into a shopping bag. As she turned to go 
almost as an afterthought she told me to show her what kind of sweaters Karen 
had. She picked out a sweater that I had given Karen for her birthday, a 
beautiful white angora sweater. She placed that in her shopping bag and we left.
When we got back they were all sitting down to dinner. Gloria sat Tom down at 
one table and Mona quickly grabbed the empty seat to his right. I felt Phil's 
hand guide me to a seat at the other table. I looked over at Tom, he smiled at 
me and started to say something. Right about then Mona placed her hand on his 
arm and he turned to talk to her. I sat down between Phil and Denise. I wasn't 
very hungry. I picked at my food. Phil tried to make small talk and so did 
Denise. About halfway through the dinner I felt Phil's hand on my leg. He 
started at the knee and slid his hand between my skirt and leg. While smiling at 
my daughter and asking her about a party she had gone to with Pete he fondled my 
thigh up to my panties. We both acted as if nothing was happening. Denise looked 
at him and in a very sotto voice, told him to "leave her alone,... for now" they 
both laughed at that and after that they pretty much ignored me.
After dinner Gloria grabbed me and guided me into the kitchen. I could hear Tom 
talking to Phil and Mona just outside the door. She told me that Dave had 
something to show me. He came up from the basement and motioned for me to follow 
him down. I went down behind him, upstairs I could hear the voices of the 
others. He took me to the corner where I had spent the night 2 weeks earlier. 
There was a blanket covering one wall. He removed it, underneath there were 
dozens of pictures. They were all of me, in the various stages of undress that I 
had been forced to parade around in that night. In the center there was a large 
color photo of me, topless, on my knees, with my left hand around an erect 
penis, no more than 3 inches from my face. Cum was dripping off my face and 
hand. My wedding ring could be clearly seen underneath. It looked as if I was 
smiling. Next to that one there was a shot of me wearing panties, pantyhose, 
black heels, and nothing else. I was kneeling in the living room while 6 or 7 
people sat on the couches ignoring me. "Joan if you will cooperate today we 
won't show these pictures to Tom. If at any time you cause any trouble though, 
he will get the same tour that you received." Numbly I turned away. I started to 
cry.
"If he sees something is wrong, we will have to assume you are not cooperating. 
I will leave you alone here for a few moments but we will be expecting you 
upstairs." He smiled at me, and reached down and raised my skirt. He looked at 
my legs for a moment, as if to show me that he had that power. He dropped my 
skirt and left the basement without speaking again.
After several minutes I turned and walked up the stairs.




Enslaved: Chapter 4



I numbly reached for the door handle, I was going to just leave, nothing could 
be worse than staying. Gloria was standing right outside the door. She smiled 
and told me that she thought I might try and leave, but it would be easier if I 
stayed. If I left she and Mona would have to show Tom what a "slut he had 
married." After she and Mona finished talking to Tom I could never go home 
again. If I continued to cooperate I would only suffer momentary embarrassment. 
I was repulsed at what she considered "momentary embarrassment" but knew that I 
had no choice. We went inside. Most everyone was in the living room. Tom was 
there with Mona. He looked up at me. "How are you feeling?" "Better I lied". 
Gloria told Tom that she wanted to show me her new crafts room. He laughed and 
told me to have fun. Gloria guided me up the stairs. We went up into what had 
been the attic. It had been remodeled for her to use for her hobbies. (I was 
soon to learn that I was a hobby). Once there Denise soon joined us. Phil was 
right behind her. "Shall we get started?" Gloria asked sarcastically. Phil 
grabbed my arms while Gloria and Denise pulled my sweater off. As soon as my 
arms slipped through the sleeves Phil grabbed them again. They removed my skirt 
and slip and then, strangely, Gloria asked Phil and Denise to leave the room."
"Joan, don't talk, just and absorb what I have to say. Go ahead, sit down on the 
bed. Obviously you realized earlier that you have more to gain by going along 
with us than by fighting. What I have in mind for you isn't too bad. You are 
going to have to learn to cooperate. If you do, your life will go on pretty much 
as it always has. If not, well, I have some alternate plans. For the rest of 
today, relax and try to have fun. I promise you will not be hurt." I thought 
about what she had said. All through my life, from high school, college, and 
marriage I had been a "good girl", a "good wife" and generally had conformed to 
what a "nice" girl should do. Tom had been my "first". I fantasized about other 
men on occasion but had never so much as expressed the thought. I always dressed 
modestly. The night they raped me I was terrified, humiliated, degraded to the 
point of being sick, but when I thought back about it, I started to feel warm 
down around my vagina. I knew, and she knew that I was going to cooperate. She 
knew how I felt, degraded but excited.
Dave came in the room. Gloria commanded that I kneel on the floor. I did. Phil 
and Denise came back in. Denise picked up a tape measure and proceeded to take 
my measurements. After she measured my bust I was allowed to replace my bra. She 
recorded the measurements on a bulletin board. I noticed that there were blanks 
there so the succeeding measurement could be compared to the previous ones. Dave 
looked down the stairs and into the hallway. He reported that the coast was 
clear Gloria led me down stairs to the bathroom. I was directed to step on the 
scale. We started back into the attic but Gloria guided me to her bedroom. She 
pushed my head down into what had been an old heating grate, but was now 
slightly open into her living room. I saw Tom and Mona on the couch, Mona had 
her hand on his arm and it was obvious they were engrossed in conversation. Her 
skirt had slipped partially off her thigh. He was enjoying her company. It was 
also obvious that she was offering him more than a platonic relationship. Before 
I could react Gloria guided me back upstairs. I was directed to kneel on the 
floor again while the others discussed my body. I learned that they thought it 
was good, but that I would be sent to the "Workout World" to improve it. During 
the afternoon, I stayed there, not ignored but not harassed either. Phil wrote 
out an exercise schedule and told me that I would be using it soon. Dave and 
Phil spent most of the time downstairs.
I could hear the kids in another room but they stayed well out of the way most 
of the afternoon. I was terrified that one of them would come in and see me like 
this. Denise mentioned something to Gloria about Tom coming up but Gloria 
laughed and assured her that Mona was not going to let him out of her sight.
Late in the afternoon Denise told me to dress and come on downstairs. She took 
me into the bathroom and helped rearrange my make-up. When I came downstairs Tom 
had the kids in the living room and they were preparing to leave. Gloria asked 
me to stay. "Tom you don't mind if Joan stays awhile do you?" He said it was up 
to me. They both looked at me, but before I could speak Gloria spoke up, "great, 
it's settled, Joan promised me she would help me bake tonight". With that Tom 
told me not to stay too late, kissed me, and left with the kids.
Gloria brought me into the living room. Mona brought out the bag of clothing she 
had taken from my home earlier. Dave and Phil seemed to be arranging some 
photographic lights and shades around the Christmas tree. Dave had several 
cameras two on tripods, and one with a strange looking lens that he was holding 
in his hand. As soon as they finished arranging things they looked at me, 
expectantly, "Well come on, step up here." I came forward and Dave "posed me" in 
front of the tree. "Turn slightly sideways, bend forward slightly, now with your 
right hand, grab a handful of skirt and raise it a little." "Damn it smile!" I 
was sobbing by now, Dave roughly wiped my face, and pushed me into the position 
he wanted. For several minutes we went on like this. Finally, Gloria who had 
been watching silently suggested that we were going about this all wrong. "Strip 
her!!" she commanded, Denise and Mona proceeded to undress me. They weren't 
rough, they weren't gentle, they were just cold and efficient. After I was 
undressed Dave lay me down on the floor, on my side and photographed me in front 
of the tree. Then he moved me so that I was on my back, feet towards the camera, 
legs spread, and my left hand (wedding ring) covering my vagina. I was made to 
pose this way for a while. Eventually I was allowed to put on some clothing, and 
I was photographed for the next couple hours in various stages of dress and 
undress. I tried on all the pairs of panty hose Mona had brought, Dave and Phil 
selected the shades they liked. One skirt, my longest, had been slit to the 
waist, another had been hemmed up during the afternoon so that it was much too 
short. They tried every combination of clothing and pose imaginable. No blouse, 
then no skirt, change shoes, bra on, bra off, panty hose on, panty hose off, 
change skirts, remove skirt etc. I wasn't enjoying this at all but I wasn't as 
scared as I had been originally. I was still scared and maybe a little angry 
(although my fear overruled my anger) but it wasn't as hard to go along with 
them as it had been in the beginning. I realized what Gloria had done. By making 
me pose nude at first, I knew the worst was over and that things had to get 
better. It worked. Both Dave and Phil became quite solicitous, as long as I 
cooperated they were gentle.
About 9:30 Dave told Gloria he was done. Mona piped up, "I have one more idea." 
I was directed to put on some suntan panty hose, my black heels, and my 
daughters White sweater, but no skirt. The sweater was quite long and actually 
partially covered my thighs. Gloria brought me to the kitchen, bent me over the 
sink and soaked the sweater with water. She brought me drip ping into the living 
room. Mona had collected 3 hair dryers and they began heating the sweater to dry 
it, while I was still in it. It took about an hour. When they finished they 
repeated the process. Finally they did it again. This time before it was totally 
dry Mona suggested they try some shots. By now the sweater had shrunk. It was 
form fitting. It had stretched around my breasts and was tight on my stomach. It 
still covered a little thigh.
Dave posed me in front of the tree again. This time he took several rolls of 
film of just this outfit. I knelt, I bent over, I was twisted, and even took one 
shot looking straight at the camera, hands underneath my chest as if I was 
offering my breasts. This shot took awhile to get right because they insisted I 
smile. It wasn't easy but Gloria's threats and the promise that they would keep 
it up until I got it right scared me into trying. The resultant grimace wasn't 
great but Dave said it would do. Finally Gloria suggested the men pose with me. 
I knelt in front of them, Dave unzipped his fly and placed my hand around his 
penis. I began to perform as he wished. When he was done he did not put his 
penis back into his pants, he stood next to we while I was forced to suck Phil. 
During this time Gloria took numerous shots. Finally they were done.
I was told to kneel in the corner for a while. Mona asked me about the family 
photo that we had taken several weeks earlier. "Tom told me that you are going 
to send cards this year with that photo on them". I nodded agreement. Dave 
looked at Gloria and they both smiled. "Bring us some of them!" "When will you 
pick them up?" I replied that they should be ready on Monday. Gloria ordered me 
to bring them to her immediately after I got them. The phone rang, Dave answered 
it. "Everything is fine, she should be finished in a little. Joan, it's Tom." He 
handed me the phone and I took it. "He sounded a little irritated. It's well 
passed midnight hon, when will you be home? I didn't think you would stay this 
long, I wish you would have called, is everything all right?" As he was speaking 
Phil had reached over and was absentmindedly fondling my thigh. Denise tried to 
smother a giggle but failed. I told Tom I was all right and would be home soon. 
He sounded a little relieved, I told him not to wait up, He said he would try 
but in any case to wake him when I got in. I promised and we hung up. I asked 
Gloria if I could leave. She told me that they weren't done with me yet. She 
wanted to get a few more shots of me with my ring finger wrapped around Dave's 
penis. I was posed again, and again. Finally they were through. Gloria told me 
to dress, as I had been dressed when I arrived. I did but Mona stopped me when I 
started to put the skirt on. Gloria told me that I was through for the weekend 
but that I had better be back Monday at 1:30 with the family Christmas cards.
"Do you hear me?" "Yes, I heard." "Than you better be here." Gloria took me into 
the kitchen where we were joined by Mona. "Joan, I have a few instructions for 
you; first you will no longer wear pantsuits or jeans, you will wear skirts and 
dresses ALWAYS, second you will no longer say no to a man, and third you will 
use the back door when you are at my home." Do you understand? I nodded. She 
sounded gentle so I asked her why... Before The words were out of my mouth I was 
told to "Shut UP!!! In due time you will learn, for now, just cooperate and you 
will be allowed to continue your way of life. Mona got up to leave. I gathered 
my skirt in my hand, looked for my slip with no success, found my purse and 
headed for the door.
"Wrong door bitch" with that Gloria pointed at the back door. I walked out and 
found Mona waiting out front. She motioned for me to get into her car. I did.
She drove to my house, once in front I started to put my skirt on. She stopped 
me. "Get out of the car." "I'm not dressed." She reached over and pushed me out, 
I was to scared to fight. Once out of her car I stood there, she had stopped 
under a street light, and put my skirt on. I walked into the house.
On the kitchen counter was a yellow manila envelope. Joan, read me, it said in 
large red letters. I opened it and gasped. It contained a blank diary, but also 
about twenty pictures taken two weeks earlier. The photographs formed a 
chronological record of my gang-rape. There was a note. "Joan use this diary to 
record what happened to you during the last two weeks. Be detailed, be specific, 
record your thoughts and your feelings. Bring this with you when you come over 
Monday. You may keep the snapshots. So far you are the only one in your family 
who has seen them. You will, from now on, maintain your diary being very 
explicit about you do and who you do it with. If you continue to cooperate, we 
may be able to keep it this way. Sweet Dreams... Gloria, Mona, and Denise."
I stuffed the photo's back into the manilla envelope and shoved it into a 
cabinet full of junk that no one ever looked into, and stumbled upstairs sobbing 
quietly. Tom was sound asleep when I got there. For some reason I looked on his 
dresser. There was one of his business cards with some writing on it, I took it 
into the bathroom to read. It was a women's handwriting, it had a phone number, 
and address, and it was signed Mona... Not knowing what could come next, I 
crawled off to bed. I thought about the day, Tom's possible relationship with 
Mona, and Gloria's final orders. I drifted off to sleep.




Enslaved: Chapter 5



When I woke up Sunday morning it was already almost noon, Tom must have let me 
sleep in. While it was a nice gesture, I was a little surprised since he had 
spent so little time with me last night but had said he wanted to talk to me. 
Was this his way of letting me know how angry he was that I had been spending 
all my time at Dave and Gloria's house? If only I could tell him the truth, but 
I was scared of what would happen when he found out what I'd been doing in the 
last weeks. I still didn't understand how or why it happened, but somehow I was 
now enslaved to Gloria, and only by following orders could I hope to save my 
marriage. That reminded me about the diary I had been given, and that I would 
need some time alone today to write down all that had happened to me in the last 
couple of weeks. Gloria had said to be specific, to include not only the events 
but my own personal thoughts and feelings as well. Not even knowing where I 
should begin, I did realize that it would take some time to write it all out. 
How would I ever find the time to be alone without making Tom madder than he was 
already, or worse, making him suspicious? Just then I heard his voice and he 
came in the room. "Well, I see you're finally up. I guess you forgot to wake me 
last night like you said you would." Oh my, I had forgotten, I was so consumed 
with what had occurred last night at Gloria's that I had broken my promise to 
Tom. How could I explain? "I am sorry, honey. I guess that when I got home last 
night I was so tired that I just fell right to sleep. I hope you can forgive 
me."
"Of course I forgive you, dear, it's just that I do want a chance to talk to you 
about what's been going on the last couple of weeks. You've been withdrawn and 
moody lately, and when you're not wandering around here in a daze you're over 
spending all your time with Gloria. I know she's a good friend and you're both 
very close, but you seem to have forgotten that you have me and the kids here, 
and that we want to spend time with you also." "I'm sorry if you've been 
worried, but everything is all right, really" I lied, "Gloria and I have been 
planning something special for the holidays and I've just been preoccupied, 
that's all." I felt bad about deceiving Tom, but I had no choice, I couldn't 
tell him the truth. "Well I guess I overreacted" he said, "I was afraid that 
maybe I had done something wrong, or that maybe I hadn't been doing enough. 
Since everything is all right, and the kids have their own plans for today, 
let's make a day of it ourselves. We can pack a lunch and spend the day up at 
Lookout Point relaxing and getting reacquainted." I could tell by his smile that 
he thought this was a great idea, and so did I, it sounded marvelous. But before 
I could open my mouth to say yes, the phone rang. Tom answered it, and after a 
moment handed it to me. "It's Gloria" he said, looking annoyed. I didn't blame 
him, she was the last person I wanted to speak to right then myself.
"Hello Gloria, what's up? I asked in a neutral voice, hoping she would get the 
hint and let me have a day of peace. No such luck.
"Good morning dear, I trust you had a good night's sleep. Did you find that 
envelope I left for you in the kitchen?" I had almost forgotten about that awful 
diary! There was no way I could go out with Tom today, how could I find a way to 
explain it to him? "
Yes, I found it" I said carefully, not wanting Tom to overhear anything 
disturbing, "I promise to have it ready for you tomorrow."
Gloria fairly purred, "I'm so glad to hear you being so cooperative, I'm glad 
you've adjusted to everything so well. I called to tell you to make arrangements 
for tomorrow evening, since when you come over at 1:30 I'm sure you're going to 
want to stay all night. Aren't you!?"
Her voice took on a stern note, and I knew I had no choice, I just hoped Tom 
would understand. "That's no problem, Gloria, I'll let Tom know." "Also" she 
said, "it is going to be a warm day tomorrow so you won't need to bring a coat, 
and I trust you'll dress appropriately. Have a good day." "Don't worry, I'll 
take care of everything. I'll see you tomorrow," and hung up the phone. Tom was 
looking at me, waiting for an explanation. "Tom, would you mind taking care of 
the kids tomorrow night for me? I promised Gloria I would help her put some 
things together, and since it will take a while, I agreed to sleep over to make 
it easier. I hope you're not too upset." He took a moment to answer, "Well, I 
think it's really bad timing, but I can see that it's for a good cause. I just 
hope Gloria takes good care of you." I hoped she took good care of me too, but 
somehow thought otherwise. I think her and my definitions of being good to me 
were totally opposite. "Well Joan, at least we have today to enjoy each other." 
Hearing that, my heart really sank! How was I going to tell him, without really 
making him mad?
"About that dear" I said gently, and he got a warning look in his eye, "I'm 
afraid I can't go out today. I have a lot to do around the house, and there is a 
lot I have to do to get ready for tomorrow." For a full minute Tom said nothing, 
I couldn't tell if he was mad or just disappointed. Finally, "That's all right, 
I guess I'll just have to do something else. Actually, Mona called earlier while 
you were asleep and asked me if I wanted to go to the Car Show with her, she 
knows how much I like antique cars, but I told her that we had plans for today. 
There is still time to call her back and tell her that our plans were changed.
He sounded sincere, and I'm sure he thought it would be an innocent day out with 
a friend, but I was still jealous. I knew Mona was trying to seduce him, and 
wondered if after she talked to him this morning she didn't call Gloria and have 
her keep me busy so that Tom would be free. Hiding what I felt I cheerfully told 
him that that was a perfect solution to both our dilemmas. I watched in 
frustration as he called Mona, then got dressed and left.



By the time Tom got home, which was a lot later than I thought it would be, I 
had brought my new diary up to date. I had of course had to include the day at 
Paula's place. She had called me up and told me to be at her apartment at ten 
the following morning and not to bother about what I wore. When I arrived at the 
apartment she had taken me into the bedroom and told me to strip. I had done so. 
Then she had given me a black leather miniskirt to wear and over that a white 
apron with a bib that came up and fastened behind my neck, it was just big 
enough on top that it covered my nipples but otherwise left my breasts bare. 
Then she had explained to me that her boyfriend worked the night shift and got 
off work at eight in the morning. Then he and several of his fellow workers 
stopped off to eat and then come back here to play poker. I was to serve them 
while they played and be very accommodating to them, in every way. The five of 
them arrived about half an hour later. They were a young bunch like Paula, in 
their early twenties, and here I was in my mid thirties serving them in my 
almost naked state. Paula introduced me to them as their hostess for the game, 
and after, and told them she was going out for the day and to enjoy themselves. 
I couldn't help myself, my nipples became hard and showed clearly through the 
embroidered top of the apron. The men cheered and said they would take good care 
of me while she was gone.
I was told to bring them beer and snacks from the kitchen as they all sat down 
around a heavy oak round table. When I served the beer and snacks, their hands 
moved over the backs of my legs and up my thighs. I shivered with the 
anticipation of what was going to happen. One guys hands squeezed by buttocks. 
Another slipped his hand under the bib of my apron and squeezed my breast. I 
couldn't help a low moan escaping me. They began to play cards and I had to keep 
the refreshments coming. It wasn't long before one set of hands found the tie 
that kept the apron bib up and pulled it. The bib fell down and there I was with 
my tits uncovered, naked from the waist up. With that Paula's boyfriend pulled 
me onto his lap and kissed me while his hand moved to my tits and he found my 
nipple. He began to squeeze and pull on my nipple and then someone else's hand 
found my other tit and began to play with it in the same manner. Now I was 
moaning and rubbing my thighs together. I couldn't believe how horny I was 
feeling, I could feel the juices seeping from my vagina and the gradual swelling 
of my pussy lips. A hand slid between my legs and then someone said, "Hey, she 
is really hot, she's so wet even Charlie can slide his cock in there easy." I 
felt his fingers enter me and begin to stroke me inside. My hips began to jerk. 
Then I felt myself being lifted and laid back on the table. Tom, who I now 
identified as the boyfriend, told them to keep me busy and left the room. He 
went into the kitchen and returned with a banana and a large cucumber. "I've 
always wanted to see someone fuck themselves with these." He put one in each of 
my hands and said, "Here try these out while we watch." There were now two 
mouths on my tits sucking on my nipples and a hand guided mine with the banana 
and positioned the end of it at my cunt.
"Go on," Tom said. "Fuck yourself with the banana." Then using his hand over 
mine he pressed the banana into me and guided my hand in moving it in and out. 
In only moments my hips were responding to the intruder and thrusting up to meet 
it as my hand shoved it in. Tom's hand left me and then I was fucking myself 
with no help from him. I could feel a climax building and he probably sensed it 
as well because he grasped that hand and stilled it. Pulling on my hand he 
pulled it out of me. My hips were still thrusting trying to get back inside. 
Then he took my other hand and saying, "the banana's wet enough, he guided my 
hand with the big cucumber to my cunt and said now lets try this. I felt him 
push and now it was spreading me wider and it was so thick, but I knew I wanted 
it so I spread my legs further and then we pushed it in. About three inches were 
sticking out and he clasped my fingers around it and said "Now fuck yourself." I 
couldn't stop myself at that point I wanted to be fucked. They could all hear my 
groans and grunts as my hips jerked and my fingers pulled it in and out, fucking 
myself furiously. While I was fucking the cucumber, I felt pressure against my 
anus. "No, no," I mumbled, half delirious with lust, "Not there." Then I felt it 
slip in and someone was slowly fucking my ass with the banana while I fucked 
myself on the cucumber. I had never felt anything like this before and I was 
crying out that I wanted it, "I waaaannnnt it." Then I came in a colossal 
cummmingg such as I had never had before. My hips were slamming up against the 
cucumber while my ass screwed back on the banana. Then I heard Tom say, "OK guys 
that's enough for the show now let's have some of that hot pussy." I have no 
clear recollection of the next three hours, just that I was fucked and I sucked 
everyone there numerous times. At one point I was lifted in the air and this 
huge cock slid into my pussy and another big one pressed into my ass, and while 
I hung there between them, my arms around the one in my cunt, and I kissed him 
sucking on his tongue, I knew that I was jerking my hips back and forth to get 
as much as I could of their cocks inside me. It was about two in the afternoon 
when Paula came back and helped me shower and get dressed and back in my car to 
drive home before the kids returned from school
Even though I spent hours writing out what had happened and how I had felt, I 
was still confused about what it all meant. What did Gloria want? She had said 
that not only would she change my life, and she had, but that I would be happier 
when she finished doing whatever she had planned for me. That I could not 
understand. I was obviously her new hobby, some kind of major work in progress 
that she was very proud of, but why she would destroy my life, and especially 
why me, was beyond my comprehension. When he got home, Tom said that he and Mona 
had decided to go to dinner after the show, and that they had a lot of fun. We 
exchanged meaningless small talk for a couple of minutes, then he said he was 
tired and he was going to bed. I was worried about just how Mona had tired him 
out, but decided it would be best to keep quiet.
The next morning I was up in time to make breakfast for everyone, and Tom acted 
like there was nothing wrong, he was even cheerful. I kissed him good-bye and 
told him I would miss him, even though it was only for a day. He said he would 
miss me too, and that he did understand how important my friendship with Gloria 
was to me. He said he was sorry for being mad on Sunday and that he would always 
love me. After he left, I still had a warm glow inside while I cleaned the house 
and got ready for the day. By noon I was dressed and ready to leave, I had 
plenty of time to get to the printer's and pick up our Christmas cards and still 
be at Gloria's house by 1:30. The weather had turned unseasonably warm for 
November, and I was glad I wouldn't need a coat. In fact, I would have liked to 
have worn my shorts, if only the decision were up to me, but I no longer had any 
say in how I dressed. I made sure to dress simply, remembering what Gloria had 
told me the day before. I was wearing a plain white blouse, the dark skirt with 
the slit they had put in the side, stockings and shoes. Being unsure of her 
preference, I stuck to a plain white bra and my most ordinary white cotton 
panties. I braced myself before I left the house. It was time to begin.




Enslaved


 Chapter 6


By the time I got to Gloria's it was 1:25, I was so glad I was on time! I was at 
her front door before I remembered what she had told me, and I hurriedly rushed 
around the house to her back door. I could not afford to get her angry. As I 
approached the back door I noticed a young man doing some gardening and pruning 
in her backyard, he looked about 18 or 19, tall, blonde, and a slim body. He 
waved at me when I passed, then bent back down to continue weeding. I rushed up 
to the door and knocked, and then the inner door opened, but the screen door was 
still closed. "
"I'm so glad that you made it here on time, Joan" Gloria said as she looked me 
over, "you still have five minutes before you're late." Late? I was here 
already. "I'm here like you wanted, may I come in?" I was hoping to get through 
this evening quickly, but she had other plans. "Certainly Joan, But you should 
be comfortable first. It is rather warm in here, and I think you would feel 
better if you got out of those clothes first. Just pile them on the chair next 
to you, and when you are completely naked you may come in. You may even use the 
front door this once, seeing that you are being so good." I stood frozen for a 
second, not believing what I heard, did she really mean for me to undress where 
that boy might see me? I could never let a stranger see me naked, I'd be too 
embarrassed. As I looked up at her and was about to speak, she cut me off. "I 
suggest you hurry up Joan. You have only 2 minutes until you're late, and then I 
will be forced to give Tom a call and fill him in on the exploits of his slut 
wife." With that she closed the door and left me standing there, very afraid. I 
looked over and saw that the gardener still had his head down, intent on his 
work. I figured that if I hurried, no one would see me before I was safely 
inside. I should have known it wouldn't be that easy. I kicked off my shoes, 
removed my skirt, blouse, bra, panties, and stockings quickly and then tried the 
door. It was locked! I knocked softly but there was no answer, and I was running 
out of time. I looked in the window and saw Gloria picking up the phone. I had 
to get in there. Then I remembered what she had said a minute ago and realized 
what she wanted. I knew I had no choice, so with a deep breath I started to run 
around the house, hoping that no one would see me. As I reached the door and was 
about to open it I got a shock. "Say cheese." I spun around and there was a 
flash, then another. I saw Mona standing there with a camera, taking pictures.I 
almost fainted right then. As I turned back to the house, intent on getting 
inside as fast as possible I ran into Gloria standing in the doorway. "Why Joan. 
I didn't know you were so kinky, you should have told me you like to expose 
yourself in public. And posing for Mona, I underestimated you. But you can't 
blame her, can you Mona, seeing how pretty she looks standing out here?" I stood 
there mortified as both women leered at me. I just wanted to go inside. Gloria 
spoke up "I do want to make you happy, Joan, and you can come in whenever you 
want." I was relieved, for a moment anyway. "But before you come in, please do 
me a favor and get the mail. Then you can come in." She had a gleam in her eye 
and I knew she was serious. Quickly I looked up and down the street, and not 
seeing anyone ran out to the curb to get the mail. "Don't run dear, it's 
undignified. Walk slowly and be proud of your body." I looked back and saw Mona 
taking picture after picture of my humiliation, but I was too scared to disobey. 
As I walked back to the house I could hear cars driving down the street, and 
hoped it was no one who knew me. By the time I got to the door all I wanted was 
to collapse crying. Both ladies applauded me as I slipped inside. I was so shook 
up I didn't even notice that they each squeezed my ass as I walked by.
"It seems to have gotten cooler in here, Joan" Gloria said, "why don't you give 
me the mail, and your cards and diary, I'll take care of them. You can get 
dressed if you like, your clothes are still on the chair where you left them." I 
was so glad that I could get dressed and that she was being nice to me, that I 
didn't think about what I was doing. I went out the back door and saw my clothes 
on the chair. I was just fastening my skirt, having decided to put that on 
before anything else, when I heard a man's voice. "You sure are pretty Ma'am, 
and you have really nice tits." I looked up to see the gardener in front of me, 
I had forgotten he was out there. "Please just leave me alone, I'll go back 
inside." As I scooped up my clothes and prepared to flee, he spoke again. "I'm 
sorry if I startled you Ma'am, but you're so good looking I couldn't help 
myself. Before you go, can I squeeze your tits please. Just once?" I was 
outraged, I may have to take this from the others, but not from this boy! "No, 
absolutely not, get away from me!" I wondered why he kept grinning. "Joan! how 
dare you talk to him that way. Have you decided to ignore my rules already? You 
are not allowed to say no to any man, is that clear?" I turned to see both of 
them in the doorway, Gloria looked mad, and that made me nervous.
"Yes Gloria, I'm sorry I said no." So there I stood as the young man squeezed 
and fondled my tits, thinking that this I could handle, having endured so much 
worse. I heard Mona whisper to Gloria, then she spoke up, "Joan, I think that if 
you really wanted to apologize to him, you'd get on your knees and suck his 
cock. And if you're real good maybe he'll forgive you and give you a really good 
fuck. You look like you need one." Oh no, I thought, as I saw the grin on his 
face get bigger, here I go again. It didn't occur to me how easily I gave in 
this time, or how much easier it got each time they had me do something. Could I 
be getting used to it, maybe even beginning to like it? I slowly got down on my 
knees and unzipped the boy's pants. As I reached in and pulled out his cock, I 
couldn't help admiring how big and firm it was. I brought my mouth down onto the 
head, and let it slide into my throat. Down and down until I felt his cock 
against the back of my throat, I massaged his balls while I sucked. I worked on 
him for several minutes, licking the shaft and taking as much of him down my 
throat as I could. I was amazed and startled as my nose pressed into his pubic 
hair, I was taking his entire cock with very little trouble. I was impressed 
with myself. I felt him tense, and his cock began to swell, I knew he was about 
to cum. Before I could pull back I heard Gloria's voice, "Don't pull back now, 
Joan, swallow his load. Trust me, you'll love it, and you'll thank me for it." I 
obediently stayed put, and soon felt his cum pumping down my throat. I swallowed 
several times, and managed not to choke as I drank it all down. Surprisingly, it 
didn't taste as bad as I thought it would, I felt his cock soften just a little, 
but in just a couple of seconds it was rock hard again. I leaned back, and 
looked up at him and smiled, "Well? Did I do good?" He smiled back, "That was 
the best blow job I ever had! I can't wait to fuck you, you're the hottest 
little slut I ever met." I knew I should be insulted, but his words made me feel 
strange inside, I was actually proud of what I was doing! What was happening to 
me? Gloria and Mona came up behind me and helped me get up. As Mona took off my 
skirt, Gloria said, "I am so proud of you Joan, you're finally starting to 
realize what you're capable of, and what you want to be. You're so much closer 
to becoming the total woman I know you can be. That is why I'm doing this for 
you, you know." She sounded so loving and compassionate it was almost easy to 
forget what she had put me through in the last two weeks. Then I no longer had 
time to think as the boy bent me over and came up behind me. "By the way, my 
name's Jimmy. What's yours?," he asked as I felt his cock slide all the way into 
my cunt in one smooth stroke. I was unable to speak for a moment, but Gloria 
answered for me. "Just call her Studfucker, she likes to be reminded of how much 
of a slut she really is."
His cock felt so good sliding in and out of me I didn't care what he called me. 
As he used his hands, one rubbing my tit and the other stroking my clit, I 
screamed out. "Oh yes Jimmy, fuck me, fuck me harder." I felt myself cumming, my 
orgasm was so strong I almost passed out. Jimmy tensed again, and just before he 
came he pulled out, flipped me over and started spraying my tits with his cum. 
"Thank you Jimmy, that was great," I mumbled as I slowly lost consciousness, my 
body feeling better than it had in a long time.
Gloria and Mona looked on, amazed. Joan was coming along better than they could 
have hoped.
As Joan lay back, still dazed by what had happened, her mind was spinning 
furiously. How could she have acted like that? Had she lost her mind, allowing 
that boy, Jimmy, to fuck her like that. And what had possessed her, saying those 
things to him, she had actually begged him to treat her like some common slut. 
She looked up to say something to him, to explain that she wasn't really like 
that, that she didn't know how it had happened but that it would never happen 
again, but he was gone! She wondered where he had gone, and looked over to 
Gloria and Mona for answers.
"I'm sorry Joan," Gloria said, "I know you wanted seconds, but Jimmy had to run 
off while you were recovering from that fantastic ride you gave him. I know 
you're disappointed, but if it will make you feel better, he did say you were 
the best piece of ass he ever had. And the wildest. He looks forward to fucking 
you again sometime, so I told him to drop by your house some morning while Tom's 
at work. I hope you don't mind." Joan was blushing so red she felt like she 
could explode, "but, I can't, I wouldn't, that wasn't me, I don't know what 
happened. I think I'm going crazy, I didn't mean to do that, really I didn't, 
you have to believe me, I would never do anything like that." As she rambled on, 
almost incoherent, Gloria and Mona looked at her patiently. They knew what had 
happened, that Joan was finally opening up and beginning to realize how much 
there was that she had denied herself, but it would take a while before she 
could admit it, even to herself. And they were going to help her, whether she 
liked it or not. They waited for her to calm down before continuing, since what 
Joan was going to have to do next would certainly shake her up. Mona took 
control of the situation, "Now Joan, stop making excuses and admit it, you liked 
it and you know it. Whatever else you might say, you can't pretend that you 
didn't have some really fantastic orgasms. Now don't you think it's time we all 
went inside?" Joan didn't know what to say, she didn't want to admit that Mona 
had a point, but she also realized that she was still sitting there naked. She 
jumped up and grabbed at her clothes, setting aside her skirt so she could put 
it on. "Don't get dressed yet dear, lets go inside first. Mona and I need your 
help with something." Puzzled, she looked at Gloria, wondering what was planned 
for her next, but she knew there was no use arguing. She gathered her stuff and 
followed the other women inside.



Joan waited to be told when it would be all right to get dressed. As she stood 
there, naked, she was surprised by their behavior. Instead of letting Joan get 
dressed they were taking off their clothes, acting like it was something they 
did every day, they weren't embarrassed at all! "You know, Joan, this is all 
your fault," Gloria said when both women were standing naked in front of her, 
"if you hadn't put on such a great show with Jimmy we wouldn't need your help 
now." Joan was confused, she still didn't realize what they wanted from her. 
"What do you mean, what do you want me to do?" They laughed, and Mona grinned 
wickedly, "Well, our dear little studfucker, your show outside has made us both 
very horny, and we think you should do something to make us feel better." Joan 
stared in shock while they laid back on the sofa and beckoned her over. "Now, 
dear, it doesn't matter who you start with, but I expect you to make us both cum 
in the next ten minutes. Or else, understand?," Gloria was obviously enjoying 
the expression on her face, the look of shock turning into fear, turning into 
acceptance. This was getting easier all the time, despite Joan's protests of how 
unwilling and horrified she was. Joan slowly got down on her knees in front of 
Gloria, put her hands on each of the woman's thighs, and looked up 
questioningly. She had never done anything like this before, and she wasn't sure 
what to do next. Gloria was aware of Joan's reason for hesitating, that she 
wasn't being stubborn, just needed some prompting. "Just relax, and you'll see 
that you know what to do. You know what you like, what feels good, just do the 
same to us. Despite what you might say, I know you care about us. Even if you 
don't understand why were doing all this, we're still your friends and you know 
we still love you. In fact, while you're working on us, we'll also do our best 
to make you feel good." And it was true, Joan found that she didn't hate them, 
that she still trusted Gloria despite everything. She hoped that she wasn't just 
being stupid and naive. As she leaned forward to kiss Gloria, she noticed that 
Mona was moving behind her. She felt hands caressing her body, working around to 
massage her tits. She continued kissing Gloria, moving down gradually until she 
was licking and sucking on her tits. Gloria was reveling in the feeling of Joan 
suckling her tits, just like a baby, when she felt a hand slide between her legs 
and rub along her slit. Joan was slowly working her fingers into Gloria's cunt 
and sucking her tits while Mona was working on her from behind. Mona had slipped 
her hands down to Joan's ass while she turned over and slid under her; she began 
licking along her cunt lips, occasionally licking her clit, taking it in her 
mouth and sucking on it. Joan was bucking her hips while she licked and sucked, 
and made her way to Gloria's cunt. What Mona was doing felt so good, she wanted 
to return the favor, she hadn't known she would enjoy making love to another 
woman so much. As she licked her friend's cunt and sucked on her clit, she slid 
first one and then two fingers into the moist slit before her. She felt Gloria 
shaking, and her thighs clenched around her head, she knew it was almost time. 
Just as she felt the woman's orgasm, and tasted her cum in her mouth, she 
herself came with a mighty shudder, flooding Mona's mouth with her own cum.
Mona and Gloria had allowed me to get dressed, but not to wash the residue of 
their cunt juices from her face. I walked home, my face glistening with the 
slowly drying coating. The last thing Mona had said was to be there at nine the 
following morning, they were going to take mer to a meeting of the church garden 
club. While I had mixed feelings about them, wanting to explore further my 
sexual boundaries, but confused about this next step.
At nine the next morning, I approached the back door of Mona's house right on 
time. As I lifted my hand to knock on the door, it was opened by Mona.
"Good, your dressed just right to join our meeting." Gloria said, "But, take off 
your panties. I want you to remember, you are always to keep your pussy naked, 
we might even get to having you shave it clean."
"Ohhh no, how would I explain to Tom why I did such a thing?"
"Shut up, when the time is right you will do it if we tell you to and you can 
figure out what to tell your husband then." Mona said harshly, "Now take off 
your panties and let's get in the car." I did as I was ordered wondering why I 
was to do this. Then I realized they were making me into what they wanted and 
maybe they were not wearing underclothes either. As they pulled up to the 
rectory, Gloria told me to take off her bra as well. I complied without 
hesitation, first removing my blouse and then the bra and putting the blouse 
back on.
"Here, let me fix that blouse," Gloria said leaning over the back of her seat. 
She undid the three top buttons displaying more cleavage that I thought was 
proper considering the church rectory was their destination.
They got out of the car and upon reaching the front door Gloria knocked and it 
was immediately opened by Denise.
"Right on time for the meeting to start." said Denise, "Come in and join us."
I followed the others into the parlor of the rectory and found two other women I 
had seen before but did not know personally. The woman who was seated on the 
sofa patted the seat beside her on beckoning me to sit next to her. I walked 
over and sat near her and saw that she was a big woman who was still lean and 
muscular. She was introduced as the Minister's wife who told me to call her 
Josephine.
"We have some Bloody Marys prepared, why don't we all have a glass while I get 
to know our new candidate here. Oh, Joan, these two ladies are Caroline and 
Priscilla. They have been members for sometime now. Caroline used to be a member 
of the church, but moved a ways north and now she and her husband live on a nice 
big farm. We'll have to get you up there soon to take advantage of this nice 
weather with a day in the country."
"Joan, I understand you have a husband and children, and are a member of this 
church. Unfortunately I haven't met you at Sunday services. Do you attend 
sometimes?"
"Really only at the holidays," I replied, truthfully.
"Well, we'll have to get you to come more often, No pun intended. Incidentally, 
I like your blouse and skirt. Move a little closer so I can feel the material." 
as I moved closer Josephine's hand moved out and stroked the material over my 
breast... "Ahhh that feels very nice, lovely firm tits and no bra. Is it true 
what Mona has been telling me, 'that you have a hot pussy.'?"
I was startled by the caress and the words from her mouth, "I, I d.d.don't know 
what you mean." I gasped.
"Oh, come on now, Mona says you have been sucking cocks and have been fucked by 
at least a dozen males in the last several weeks. Isn't that true?"
"Yyyess, it's t.t.true,"
"Well you must be a very sexy lady then. Here let me help you take off that 
blouse," she said as her fingers moved to the buttons and opened my blouse to 
the waist, spreading the blouse so my breasts were bare and visible to all of 
them.
"You have nice tits and look at those nipples, they are hard already, aren't 
they?" she said taking them in her hands and pinching the nipples strongly.
I moaned with the sensation flooding my body and the wetness developing between 
my legs. I closed my eyes for a moment and tried to fight off the feeling of 
desire sweeping through my body.
"Come here Joan," I was ordered, "sit on my lap, and lets get that blouse all 
the way off you so that we can all enjoy the view."
I stood on unsteady legs and moved around the Minister's wife, then sat on her 
lap. I could feel the damp spot on my skirt clinging to the backs of my legs.
As soon as I sat down Josephine's lips met mine and a hand moved to my tit, at 
the same time I felt the tongue caressing my lips. I opened my mouth and twirled 
my tongue around the invader moaning with my increasing feelings of want. For 
several minutes they held the kiss, while my nipples were pulled and my breasts 
squeezed. Then I felt myself being pulled against the warm body of my hostess 
and an arm snaked around my back in an embrace, holding me firmly against her 
body.
I felt hands at the waist of my skirt and a murmured instruction to lift my 
body. When I had complied I felt my skirt being removed.
"Spread your legs a bit Joan."
I complied again and felt the hand leave my tit and start to caress my inner 
thighs. At the same time Josephine's mouth moved to my exposed tit and suckled 
on the nipple. I felt my juices pouring out of my cunt in response to the 
stroking and the suckling. I felt teeth nipping at my nipples and I groaned with 
desire.
"Open a bit more."
I did and then felt the hand move and fingers start moving over my vaginal lips, 
caressing yet being firm. Then a finger found my clit and began to gently stroke 
it. I again moaned with pleasure, my mouth again glued to the other woman's. 
Then a finger found my opening and slid in and then began a rhythmic in and out. 
I felt my hips begin to respond and then a second finger entered me and then a 
third. With each addition my body responded more strongly until my hips were 
jerking up against the intruding fingers.
"OhhhhYesssss," I murmured around the tongue in my mouth, Harder... Harder, 
ohhhhyesss fuckkkmeeee witthhhh your fingers"
The lips moved away from mine, "Can you take more?" I was asked.
"Ohhhhhhyyyeeeeessssss."
Then I felt my upper body being released and the women were ordered to get 
pillows and place them under my back.
The pillows in position, she instructed me to lay back, take my hands and spread 
my legs wide. Then I felt another finger joining the other three and now on each 
in stroke they were moving deeper into my wet hot cunt until they were limited 
by the web between the thumb and the rest of the hand.
"OhhhmyyyyGoooodddddd. Yessss yessss yessss."
Then I felt the shape of the hand changing and lifting my head I looked down my 
body to where I could see myself being fucked by the fingers. I watched as the 
thumb was moved into the palm of the hand and then a strong pressure spreading 
my already stretched cunt open more.
"Ohhhhhhhiiiittttsssstooooobbbiiiiiiggggggg," I cried out and then all of a 
sudden the hand surged deep into my body and then I felt the fingers curling up 
and there was this big thick thing inside my cunt and then it was moving back 
and forth and I was grunting with pleasure while watching more and more of the 
arm slide inside and then out to the wrist and then in. It was pushing against 
my cervix and I felt the knuckles of the hand pressing further and further into 
my cervix slowly dilating it more and more. And then my orgasm hit me and I 
screamed out my cumming, and it kept on, I felt my hips thrusting to meet the 
fist and arm now fucking me and I felt another orgasm coming and then the 
fingers were inside my womb and moving slowly back and forth. The pain was mixed 
with the pleasure I was feeling and then I screamed once again, my body 
convulsing with the strength of my climax and then I passed out.
When I recovered, I found herself lying on the floor on a pad with the five 
other women sprawled naked around me. They were embracing and kissing each 
other. I saw Mona between Josephine's legs licking her cunt while her head was 
held firmly by two hands. Priscilla was part of the trio, sucking on Josephine's 
tit while squeezing the nipple on the other. Josephine was muttering her 
pleasure and urging Mona to lick faster, stick your tongue up into my cunt, fuck 
me with your tongue. Then her hips began jerking in tempo with the licking 
tongue.
Only seconds transpired before Josephine climaxed and she cried out,
"Ohhh yes, you cuntlapper, eat me, suck my clit, ImmmCummiiiinnnng, 
IIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMUUUUUUMMMMMMMIIINNNNNGGGGGG."
I felt my own lust rekindled and at first I leaned over and began to suck on 
Josephine's tit and sucked hard on her nipple. Then I saw that Josephine was not 
responding just sagging there so I turned towards Gloria and Caroline who were 
embracing each other, their hands moving all over each others bodies. I moved 
behind Gloria and reaching around from the back grasped her tits and began to 
squeeze them and pinch the nipples just as it had been done to me by Josephine.
Then several minutes later I again found herself the center of attention of all 
of the women. Then there was Priscilla kneeling between my spread legs, a large 
black cock sticking out from between her legs. I watched as Priscilla leaned 
forward on her arms, holding herself over me as Denise reached down and 
positioned that black cock at my cuntal opening. Then I felt the pressure as if 
slowly spread my cuntal lips open and then I felt the head slip in and my cunt 
close around the shaft. I could feel it being positioned inside me and then as 
Priscilla fucked me I felt it touch a single spot that brought cries of pleasure 
from my mouth. Priscilla moved her hips driving the cock deep into my cunt and 
always stroking that spot on either the in or the out stroke. Then I heard 
myself crying with the strength of the climax building within my belly and all 
of a sudden, I felt the heat of my body increase and then my whole body began to 
shudder as I came.
OOHhhhhhmmmyyyyyyGGGGoooodddd, OhhhhhYESSSSSSS, FUUUCCCCKKKMMMMMMEEEEEE, 
FFFFUUUCCCKKKKMMMMEEEEEE, IIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMCCCUUUUUUUMMMMIIIIINNNNGGGGGG.




Enslaved: Chapter 7



The next week I had a call from Gloria. "You will be at my house tonite at 7:30 
or Tom will see the little display of your art photos." Naturally I was scared 
silly but I knew I had to be there. I considered what I should wear... I knew 
that I couldn't get away with the jeans trick again but I also knew that the 
clothes Gloria wanted me in were not the ones I wanted to wear out in public. I 
solved the problem by dressing very conservatively but carrying a bag containing 
the skin tight sweater, suntan pantyhose and a very short skirt.
On the way to Gloria's house, I changed into my "slut"outfit. The sweater was so 
tight that it molded to my breasts like a second skin. My dark nipples were 
visible through the white fabric and I noticed that they were hard as little 
pebbles. The skirt was at least eight inches above my knees and I knew that when 
I sat down, there was no way to hide my ass and crotch. The pantyhose were sheer 
to the waist and when I looked down I could clearly see my dark pubic hair 
through them. I sat in my car for a moment and visualized all the sexually 
degrading things Gloria and her friends had done to me. I suddenly realized that 
not only were my nipples hard, but my vagina was wet and throbbing.
When I reached Gloria's I parked my car and entered through the backdoor. I was 
immediately seized by both arms and a dark hood was placed over my head. My 
hands were tied behind my back and I was pushed into another room.
"Don't scream and we won't have to gag you." Gloria whispered in my ear. I felt 
my self being stripped by many hands, first my pantyhose, then the skirt, and 
lastly the skintight sweater. I was made to bend over and I realized that there 
was a table directly in front of me. My arms were stretched out in front of me 
and tied securely. My legs were spread wide apart and tied to opposite legs of 
the table.
"Jesus Christ, look at the bitch", I heard Gloria say, "vaginal fluid is pouring 
out of her and its almost to her knees." I realized that she was right, I was 
turned on as I had never been. My clitoris felt as big as a golfball and I had 
an empty ache in my vagina that I had never experienced before. I hoped that 
Dave or one of the guys would stick a hard cock into me at once.
I could picture myself as I must have appeared to them. Tied hand and foot to 
the table with my feet just reaching the floor, love juice oozing from my vagina 
and glistening in the light, breasts mashed against the table and my anus 
upturned for all to see. Please take me! I realized that I have never been this 
sexually aroused in my life. Suddenly the hood was pulled off my head and I 
realized I was looking at the reflection of a TV over my head in a mirror placed 
directly in front of my eyes. As I slowly adjusted to the picture I was amazed 
to see that it was a video of my husband Tom in Gloria's bedroom. He was 
standing next to the bed and Mona had her arms around him and was kissing him 
passionately. Gradually his hands caressed her tight buns and then started 
squeezing them hard. The next thing I saw was Tom pulling up her blouse and 
starting to suck her nipples. The scene immediately cut to one of Mona and Tom 
in bed. He was on his back with his feet toward the camera with one of the 
finest erections I had ever seem him have. Mona was on her knees with her vagina 
poised just above the head of his throbbing penis. Gradually she lowered herself 
until he was just touching her vaginal lips. As Mona slowly lowered herself onto 
my husband, someone was behind me and I felt a cock entering my cunt. Instantly 
my whole body went into spasms "OOOOOGGGGGGOOOODDDD" "FFFFFUUUUUCCCCCKKKK 
MMMMMMEEEEEEE!!!!!" I wanted it. Almost instantly, I felt the first spurt of hot 
sperm flood my insides. Again and again my rapist spurted, and I couldn't get 
enough. I clenched my legs together as best I could because I knew the most gut 
wrenching orgasm of my life was at and. NOW... NOW... , OH SHIT, PUT IT BACK, 
PLEASE PUT IT BACK!!! Just as I was about to come, I was empty. My cunt muscles 
squeezed hard but there was nothing there. My clit was erect like a small penis 
and demanded attention but I could do nothing. I pulled at the ropes, I cried, I 
cursed, and I begged but my throbbing cunt was still empty.
I could feel the flood of sperm dripping out and I tried to hold it in.
Gradually I realized that Mona and Tom were still fucking right in front of my 
face. I saw Mona's body convulse in spasm after spasm as she fucked my husband. 
I knew from the look on Tom's face that he was getting ready to orgasm. At that 
moment Mona pulled herself up until his penis was throbbing in midair. Imagine 
my suprise when Gloria moved into the picture and 'deep throated' Tom's penis. 
He went crazy... I have never been able to do that for him because I always 
choke. Tom was thrusting his penis into Gloria's throat when he started to 
orgasm. I saw the muscles in her throat start to milk the sperm from my 
husband's balls. Again and again I saw him convulse as he shot his load in 
Gloria's mouth. Finally he collapsed in a quivering heap and Mona moved into the 
picture. She laid on the bed with her head between Tom's legs and her face 
looking up into Gloria's. Slowly Gloria opened her lips and let Tom's load drip 
onto Mona's open lips and curling tongue.
It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen and my inner muscles were spasming 
with the sheer nastiness of what I had just witnessed. I felt the presence of 
someone behind me. I felt the head of a huge cock slipping back and forth over 
the edges of my grasping vaginal lips but it refused to plunge inside. The cock 
spread my flowing juices until I was wet over the entire area between the top of 
my legs. The pressure settled on my anus and pushed. "NOT IN THERE, YOU DIRTY 
COCK!!", I shrieked. The pressure kept building against my tightly puckered 
entry. I was in a haze of confused desires. Knowing that Tom had fucked Gloria 
was a real turn-on, but I had never experienced anything but my doctor's finger 
in my rectum. Obviously the man behind me meant to bury himself in my ass and my 
only recourse would be to get it over as soon as I could.
Up my ass, then, I thought bitterly. Up my ass. That's the kind of home you 
belong in, anyhow! I relaxed my rectum and thrust backward onto the punishing 
club. A horrible burning sensation enveloped me at the sudden plop. I shrieked 
and beat my fists against the table, but I forced myself onto the shaft until I 
could feel its tip in the middle of my belly. Now I had it all! I experimented 
with my rectum. I realized that I had conscious control of it; I could make it 
relax or I could squeeze down brutally with it. I began to squeeze and relax as 
fast as I could alternate. The cock never ceased its relentless pressure, it 
stayed buried deep within my body as I realized that he was buried in shit and I 
could make him come in it.
I pumped my hips and gnawed at the base of the intruding prick with my snapping 
anus. There was a deep groan from behind me and I heard his breathing quicken. 
OK you fucker, I thought to myself, now I've got you where I want you. I'm in 
charge and you're out of control. I didn't realized that I was out of control 
too. The movement of his cock shot charges of electricity into the barrel of my 
pulsing vagina and my cold determination was replaced with hot eagerness.
"MM-MM-MMHH!" I grunted. The cock withdrew until only the head was buried in my 
squeezing rectum. Slowly it began a smooth pulsing entry until it was fully 
sheathed and I could feel his balls bouncing against my erect clit. "UNHH!... 
UNHH!... UNHH!!!!!" The cock withdrew and thrust, again and again. Gradually the 
rhythm rose to a frenzy. I felt myself yielding to a steady succession of spasms 
and my guts writhed around the hard fullness.
"YAAAGGHHH!!" I shouted. "AAGGHH!!!" I flattened my breasts against the table as 
a raging orgasm gripped my body. My eyes bulged and the breath caught in my 
throat. The wild pounding of the engorged cock ceased abruptly and it was thrust 
as far and as hard into my rectum as it would go. I felt a great surge of 
boiling fluid fill my belly in the moment before I collapsed limply on the 
table. The was a rushing sensation at my rectum and the cock was gone. The ache 
receded to my sphincter. I realized that all my control was gone as I felt the 
hot trickle spread down the insides of my thighs. I knew it was the white, 
stringy remains of my rapists lust. I closed my eyes, no longer caring.
As I gradually became aware of my surroundings, I realized that I could hear 
applause! "Great job", Gloria was clapping and cheering along with many other 
people, "that was the most fantastic assfuck I've ever seen". Gloria and Mona 
stepped to the end of the table so I could see them. They picked up the mirror 
in which I had been watching the video replay of Tom's fuck and I realized to my 
horror that it was a two way mirror and there was a video camera behind it! They 
had recorded for video my every facial expression while I was getting fucked in 
the cunt and in the ass.



Two days later I received a call from Josephine telling me that the garden club 
was going up to Caroline's for a day in the country. We would have brunch there 
and then enjoy the rest of the day, returning by late afternoon. An hour later 
Gloria called and reminded me of how I was to be dressed, no underclothes; and, 
that she would pick me up in her car and together with Mona, Denise and 
Josephine we would drive up together.
They arrived promptly at nine and I got in the car and joined them, sitting in 
the back between Mona and Denise. We were driving in a mini-van with the windows 
tinted. Not five minutes after we drove away from the house, Josephine told me 
to remove my skirt and to slip my legs into a thong undergarment. She removed it 
from a plastic bag and handed it to me. There was a slight musky odor emanating 
from it and when I put it on it fit snugly, bunching slightly between my vaginal 
lips. The way it fit, it rubbed against my clit which quickly became engorged as 
did my nipples.
"Oh my goodness," said Josephine turning around to look at me, "her nipples are 
already hard, she must be anticipating another good fuck session. I think it's 
time she took off that blouse too."
After a moments hesitation, which prompted a hard look from Mona, I removed the 
blouse and sat there naked except for my nylon stockings and heels and the thong 
underwear. With that, Denise held out a wide black dog collar covered with 
Rhinestones and told me to lean over as she put it around my neck. Next she 
clipped a dog leash to the collar and let it hang in front of me.
"Now be a good little bitch and do what your told," Josephine said from the 
front seat.
We arrived at Caroline's shortly thereafter. We pulled up a fairly long driveway 
that was bordered by thick shrubbery. When we stopped at the front door they got 
out and Mona jerked on the leash urging me to exit the car. "Come on bitch, 
heel." With that they all laughed. Mildly apprehensive because I couldn't 
understand what was going on I got out and followed about a step behind Mona.
Josephine, walking next to me, stroked my back and buttocks and whispered, "We 
really have a treat for you today. I think you'll enjoy it."
We entered the house and walked through to a lovely screened patio. A table was 
set for seven and there was a buffet with salads and cold cuts. On the table 
were several silver pitchers with liquid refreshment. Glasses of Bloody Mary's 
were poured for everyone except me. My glass was filled from a different 
pitcher.
"Your's is a Virgin Mary," Caroline said, "We don't want you getting drunk 
before the activities begin."
My throat felt dry so I quickly drank my glassful down. It was as quickly 
refilled. I felt myself getting hornier and hornier waiting for the next shoe to 
drop. However, we very casually went to the buffet and filled our plates. 
Josephine suggested that I not eat so much now that I would be much hungrier 
later. I took small amounts of several salads and had another drink. I could 
feel myself getting slightly light headed, but more than that, I could feel my 
pussy juices soaking the cushion of my chair.
When I had eaten, and before the others were finished, Mona took my leash and 
led me to what looked like a gym pad on the patio and ordered me to "Sit, 
Bitch." I looked at her questioningly and squatted down on my haunches. Then she 
had me lean forward and she pulled the leash through an eyebolt making me lean 
forward on my arms while she tied it off. Then she moved my arms slightly wider 
and wrapped cuffs around my wrists which were in turn attached to two additional 
eyebolts. My wrists were then further fastened by two straps which were in turn 
tied to my thighs just above the knees. This forced me to crouch on my hands and 
knees. Some kind of a bar was then attached between my thighs spreading them 
open and preventing me from closing them. She then moved around behind me and 
quickly removed the thong from my body. With that done she returned to the table 
and entered the conversation with the others leaving me there on my hands and 
knees.
About fifteen minutes later, Caroline got up from the table and entered the 
house and returned with two video cameras which were positioned so that one was 
directed at my body and the other was down lower and pointed at my crotch. Then 
two monitors were brought out and placed so that I could see them from my 
position. They were hooked up to the cameras. Tapes were inserted in the cameras 
and turned on and focused. I could see my complete body in profile in one and 
the other was located so that it was focused up at an angle and clearly showed 
my cunt with the juices oozing out and the lips and clit swollen in heat. She 
then placed a blindfold over my eyes assuring me that it would only be for a few 
minutes and then it would be removed.
My head was spinning in confusion about what was going on. Then I heard someone 
get up and leave the patio. The women continued their conversation. The patio 
door opened again and then I heard toe nails clicking on the slate of the patio.
"What... What is that?" I cried out.
Then I felt something cold against my upper thigh and then a tongue was licking 
my cunt and stroking over my clit. "Ohhh yeeesssss," I moaned, 
"Ohhhhmyyyyyggoddddyeeessssss." I felt my cunt lips begin to quiver and I was 
quickly rising to a climax and then the tongue stopped. I felt a weight land on 
my back and my waist was clasped in a furry grip. I felt something poking at my 
thighs and then I felt someone take and hold it at my cunt and then it slid in 
me and it was soooohotttt. I cried out, "Ohhhyeessss fuuuccckkkkk meeeeeeeeee... 
fuuuuccckkkkkkmeeeee. I felt the cock driving into my cunt and the head of the 
cock striking my cervix. The cock was stroking slowly and I felt it beginning to 
spread my cervix. "Iiitttssssssoooooo biiiiggggggg." I cried out, "deeper,,, 
fuck me deeper... harder... harderrrr..." I felt a huge thickness battering 
against my cunt lips and with each stroke spreading my cunt open further. Now I 
was grunting with lust and need "Ohhhhuuggghhhhh, ohhhhhhyesss fuck meeeeeeee."
I felt hands at my head and the blindfold was removed. It took a few moments 
while my eyes cleared and I kept urging my fucker to fuck me harder and deeper 
and then I could see the video monitors and I saw this huge dog on my back 
fucking me and I screamed out
"NOOOOOO... NOOOOOO... NOOOOooooo... noooooo... ooohhhhhhyyyyyeeess, 
OHHHHHYYYYEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS."
I could see his body wrapped around me and his hips thrusting and I could see 
part of his cock in the one monitor and then in the other one I could see his 
cock and balls and this red cock with a huge bulge hitting against my cunt as it 
drove in and then back and I could see my cunt spreading wider trying to grasp 
the bulge each time it drove forward.
I heard Josephine talking to me..."Do you really want him to stop?"
"Yesss," I said then quickly, "noooooooo... noooooo... ittsssssssoooo 
ggggoddddd, daaammnneeeeeddd biggggg, stopppphimmmm."
I looked at the monitors again and I could see in the one from behind me, the 
cock driving in then out and then the big bulge was almost in me and I could see 
my cunt lips spread wide at the same time I felt the bulge striking and rubbing 
my clit.
I could feel my climax coming and then it hit me while he kept on thrusting 
deep. "IIImmmmmmcccccuuuuummmmmmiiiinnnnnnggg, Immmccccuuummmmiiiinnnngggg."
It hit me like a wave, I could feel my whole body flushed with desire and 
quivering and then I felt the huge thickness slip inside and my cunt lips close 
around it and I was screaming out again and again that I wanted more, more, 
more. And he kept fucking his cock in until the head was deep in my womb. His 
thrusts got shorter and faster and then I felt him squirt his boiling cumm deep 
into my womb, he kept shooting and shooting and now he held his body tight 
against me, his cock all the way in, then he made some small hip thrusting 
movements, the bulge rubbing back and forth on what must be the 'G' spot that I 
had read about because another climax was building.
"OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS."
There was a deep lethargy throughout my body as I came for the third time as he 
did and then he held still again, his cock deep inside as he squirted more of 
his hot juice into me. I couldn't believe that I could ever have a cumm like 
that. I had never felt anything as fantastic and satisfying as that cock with 
the big knot fucking me and then his hot seed filling me up deep inside.
I knelt there as we rested after fucking and then I felt that huge knot slip out 
and then his whole cock was gone and I was empty.
"Noooo," I cried out, "Doonntttttgoooooo. Dontgooooooo."
"Would you like some more dog cock now, or wait until later?" Mona asked. "I 
want to be fucked now, not later, I want another cock in me, fucking me, making 
me cumm like that some more." I answered.
"OK," Mona said, "Priscilla is going to bring Bruno in and he is going to fuck 
you until you can't take anymore. Is that what you want?"
"Yes... Yes... I want Bruno, I want him now." I cried out.
"Good, you asked for it... and just think, we are capturing it all on tape and 
we'll give you a copy to watch by yourself as soon as it's edited together into 
one. Now here's Bruno."
Priscilla brought Bruno into the room and he was huge, either a Mastiff, or 
maybe even a Grand Pyrenees he was so big. He was brought in front of me and 
made to lie on his back directly under my face.
"Now, your going to have to get his cock hard if you want him to fuck you. That 
means you're going to have to suck his cock for awhile." Priscilla whispered to 
me,
"OOOOHhhhhhhNoooo I can't do it." I cried.
"If you want his nice big cock in you then you're going to have to help. Now 
just lean your head down on his belly and see where the tip is peaking out, you 
just have to lick it a couple of times and it will start to get hard and come 
out of the sheath. Go ahead, just lick the tip."
I looked down and saw the little pink tip and hesitatingly stuck my tongue out 
and gave it a couple of licks. It tasted different, but not bad."
"See, it's beginning to get hard and big just right for fucking. Try again and 
now just close your lips over the pink part."
I did as she said.
"Ohhh that's good, just keep doing that, close your lips around his cock head 
and suck a little bit. That's right, It's not bad is it? Just keep it up. That's 
right now take a little bit more into your mouth and suck on it and run your 
tongue around it. See it's getting bigger. Now, move your head up and down a 
little, like that, that's right. It's not bad is it? See it's getting bigger, in 
a few minutes he'll be ready to fuck you, That's what you want isn't it. You 
want that big cock stuck way up inside your cunt and womb fucking you hard and 
long and faster and faster and deeper until he cumms, flooding you inside with 
his cock juices, that's what you want right."
"UUUUMMMMM YEESSSSS," I murmured as I felt his cock beginning to fill my mouth 
as it grew longer and thicker. Now I felt it hitting the top of my throat and I 
was moving my head up and down faster and faster. And then Mona pulled my head 
back and said that's enough now, now he's going to fuck you, That's what you 
want isn't it."
"Yesss... I want him to fuck me." Looking down I saw this monster cock with a 
knot at the bottom that looked like an orange it was so big. "Ooohhhhh can he 
fit in me? Can he get that all inside me, I want it all. Can he fuck me now."
Without saying a word Priscilla took his leash off and pointed behind me. "Fuck 
Bruno, Fuck her good, She wants your cock inside her... Go ahead. that's right. 
Good boy. Now mount her and let me put your cock in her cunt."
I could see all this in the two monitors. I watched as he came behind me and 
gave a sniff at my cunt and then He lurched up, and he must have weighed 130 or 
140 pounds because I sagged slightly. I couldn't keep my eyes off the monitors 
watching as Priscilla guided him up on me and then her hand taking that massive 
cock and rubbing the head against my swollen pussy lips. I And then Heaven... I 
felt it slide inside me and now he was slowly fucking me and I couldn't help 
myself as I cried out urging him to fuck me faster and harder and deeper. And 
now I could feel his cock it was longer and it felt twice as thick and very 
quickly the cock head was bouncing off my cervix... and then it hit it just 
right and it slid into my womb... And now I came and came just with his cock 
entering me and then I was thrusting hard back against him trying to get all of 
his cock inside me. I felt the knot pushing apart my cunt lips with each inward 
stroke and I knew from the feel that each time he thrust into me I spread a 
little bit wider and then wider and then it felt almost as big as a softball and 
then it slipped past my cunt lips and was inside. Now he was fucking me hard and 
I just kept cumming and cumming, my body slamming back against him trying to get 
more... I wanted more even though I could feel his body as tight against me as 
it could get each time he thrust forward. His huge knot was moving back and 
forth inside me and then I and he began to cumm at the same time and this time 
when he thrust into me, his legs clasped me tight around the torso and he held 
still. That cock was all the way inside and I felt it pulsing and his hot cumm 
squirting into me, filling me up, filling me up, filling me up with his juices.
I must have passed out for a few minutes, because when I regained my senses, I 
could feel his cock still inside me but his weight no longer on my back. I 
weakly turned my head and could see him in the monitor. We were there ass to ass 
and his cock was still inside me, still pumping his cumm into me. He tried to 
pull away but couldn't, then Mona loosened the leash and the wrist clips and he 
pulled and he dragged me around behind him. I couldn't do a thing. I was his 
bitch and we were locked tightly together. I whimpered and tried to pull free, 
but he snarled, I must have hurt him trying to get his cock out of me, so I just 
knelt there. Mona came over and reaching behind me loosened the spreader bar but 
left the ties between my cuffs and my legs so that I remained in a kneeling 
position. I don't know why, but I began to squeeze my cunt muscles around his 
cock and knot. I could feel it moving back and forth slightly and the sensation 
was exciting. I kept doing it and then all of a sudden he seemed to come to life 
because he quickly turned and with Mona's help he got his leg back over and 
remounted me. With that, Mona reached down and loosened the still remaining 
ties.
Now I was loose and I called out... "That's right Bruno fuck me like I want... 
Fuck me some more... Shove your cock all the way in and fuck me hard and fast. 
Fill me up with your hot fuck juice, just fuck me."
I found myself swaying back against each of his thrusts trying to get more and 
more cock inside me. I have only a hazy recollection of what happened for the 
next period of time just that all of a sudden I was laying on a day bed humping 
my hips as I dreamt about my fuck session with Bruno. At that point I did not 
think I would ever want to be fucked again by anything but a dog. And only Bruno 
would do.




Enslaved: Chapter 8



I laid there on the day bed until my body calmed down. It took an effort to stop 
my hips from jerking up and down fucking the air. When I had collected myself, I 
looked around and found myself alone in an alcove. I could hear the other women 
talking and murmuring in the adjoining room. I swung my legs off the bed and sat 
up. It was then that I realized that I was naked and the dogs cumm was leaking 
out of my pussy and running down my thighs. I stood up and walked to the opening 
into the other room and felt the pleasant ache in my pussy from Bruno's cock. 
Walking into the other room, I found all of the women sitting around naked, some 
curled up in the arms of another having their breasts stroked, or sucking on a 
nipple. Josephine was the first to notice me standing there; she smiled her 
pleasure at seeing me awake.
"Come here my little horny pussy, come to me." she called out while motioning 
for me to join her on the padded floor.
I walked over and slipped down beside her. Her arm encircled me and she drew me 
close and kissed me, her hand automatically finding my breast and nipple. She 
began to gently play with my nipple and I felt the warmth in my belly returning.
"Love, I want you to reach down with your hand and collect some of that juice 
leaking out of your pussy."
I did and brought my hand out, my fingers wet with Bruno's cumm.
"Let me lick it from your fingers," she said.
I held my hand up to her face, my fingers to her lips. Her tongue sought my 
fingers and licked them drawing the cumm into her mouth.
"Ohh, that tastes so good. Here try it yourself."
She moved down between my legs and then held her hand to me and my tongue came 
out and licked her fingers duplicating her action.
"Doesn't that taste good?" she asked.
It did. It was a little on the sweet side and had a slightly pungent flavor, but 
it did taste good.
"Now, reach down and get more of his juices."
I did and held them towards her mouth.
"No sweetheart this time it's all for you."
I moved my fingers to my mouth and began to lick them.
"No, just take those fingers in your mouth and suck the juices off."
I did, and then I began to want more. My hand returned to my cunt and now I slid 
two fingers inside and could feel the cumm running into the palm of my hand. 
When quite a bit had accumulated in my palm I pulled my hand away and licked the 
pool of cumm from my palm and my fingers. It tasted intoxicating to me and I 
wanted more.
"I think the best thing for you to do would be to get it directly from the 
source." she said. " Come with me." She reached down and picked up the leash 
that had been attached to the collar on my neck and clipped it on to me
Still naked, she took the leash and led me from the room and out the back door. 
There before me were five or six large cages with dog runs and each one had a 
dog in it. Bruno's enclosure was not the biggest for there were several other 
dogs as large, or larger, than he. I couldn't help but glance under their 
bellies, comparing the size of their cocks. While not the smallest, only two of 
the dogs had cocks larger than his. I wondered what size they would grow to and 
what they would feel like inside me. I felt a now familiar ache growing in my 
crotch.
Josephine led me to Bruno's cage and then pulling down on the leash brought me 
to my knees. She opened the door and Bruno excitedly rushed out. He ran around 
me sniffing and then on orders from Josephine, I leaned over and his tongue 
found my cunt and he began to lick it.
Just as I was about to start building to a climax Priscilla ordered the dog to 
stop and to come around in front of me and lay down on his back. The red tip of 
his cock was already easing from the sheath.
"Go ahead Joan, suck his cock, suck him until he cumms in your mouth."
I leaned down and took the head of his cock in my mouth and began to suck on it 
as it began to grow and the hairy sheath to recede. With each downward stroke of 
my head I took more and more of his cock into my mouth and now my head was 
moving up and down faster and faster as his cock began to leak cumm. I kept 
swallowing his juices as they leaked out and they tasted as good as what had 
come from my cunt. Now my lips were touching his knot and I knew I had as much 
of his cock in my mouth as I could get. My tongue was swirling around the cock 
just as my head was moving up and down. I could feel myself sucking hungrily on 
the hot cock getting more and more of his juices. Then all of a sudden I felt 
the familiar lurching in my stomach and as I sucked I climaxed. My body started 
convulsing with the strength of my cumming yet I kept on sucking until all of a 
sudden, his hips were driving that hot hard cock up into my face and then he was 
spurting his cumm into my mouth and down my throat. I pulled my head back so 
that his cumm would shoot into my mouth and I could taste it instead of deep in 
my throat where I couldn't taste it.
"Look at that," I heard Mona say, "here pussy's practically snapping the way it 
wants a cock. She's got to be cumming look at her juices oozing out and down her 
legs. Good grief, what a hot bitch we have got ourselves here."



When we returned to the house, they told me to go inside and shower. The collar 
remained around my neck. As I was showering, the only thing I could think of was 
how I had reacted to the fucking by the two dogs. I had never felt anything as 
glorious before and certainly no prior climax had been the same. I began to 
wonder what other new experiences these women had planned for me. When I had 
dried myself off I wondered what to do next. With no clothes available I had not 
choice but to return to the terrace naked except for my leather collar.
"Ahh there she is all cleaned up." Josephine said. "Come here my horny little 
pussy."
I was getting to the point where my body gave a little tingle each time she 
called me that.
"Come here now," she ordered as she threw a pillow on the terrace next to her 
chair, "Kneel on that so I can look at you close up."
I did as she instructed amd knelt there, my hands in my lap and In looked in her 
face. She smiled and I know I smiled back in response. I no longer had that 
feeling of apprehension when I was in the presence of these women; I only looked 
forward to the next experience. I no longer felt like their slave, their slut, I 
wanted more of their attention and had no concerns about how they thought of me 
I felt honored by the association.
"Now, how does it feel to be a dog's bitch; to feel his cock deep in your cunt, 
to cumm a lot from being fucked by a dog?" Josephine asked. "Would you like 
Bruno to be your steady Stud Dog, here to fuck you whenever you can get out 
here, or, would you like to be a little whore for all those dogs out back and be 
fucked by several each time we brought you here to the farm?"
"I think I would like to be a dog whore." I replied. "I would like to see what 
the other dogs feel like fucking me. But I think Bruno will be my favorite."
"I'm glad you feel that way," she replied, "Because we are arranging for you to 
come out here every Monday for awhile. Do you have any problem with that? Would 
you like to be dog fucked every week?"
"Ohhhyeessss, I would like that very much."
"Good, because next week on Monday either Mona or Gloria will drive you out here 
and then will alternate every week. After six weeks we will see how your 
training progresses and then decide whether you should come out more often. We 
need to see how all the dogs react to you. You will be fucked by at least three 
dogs each time. Does that suit you?"
"Ohhhyeesss I am looking forward to it."
I could feel the butterflies in my stomach. It felt like a whole flock of them. 
I could only imagine the thrill of being fucked by dogs on a regular basis.
"Now then, tomorrow, Mona will pick you up at 10 o'clock and will take you to 
our jeweler where he will give you a gold necklace to wear."
With that we began to arrange ourselves to leave the farm. Gloria clipped the 
leash to my collar and led me to the van. Once in the van she pulled on the 
leash until I lowered myself to my knees between her legs. "I am still so hot 
and horny from seeing you get fucked that I need relief. You know what to do, so 
do it." With that she spread her legs and pulled on the leash bringing my mouth 
to her pussy. I was still in a state of ecstasy and when my tongue licked out 
and stroked her vagina lips her juices tasted like nectar. Without hesitation I 
slid my tonue into her cunt and began to lick her and then moved my tongue 
between her cunt and her clit. Then at her command I took her clit between my 
lips and began to suck on it like the nipple on a tit. She came in just a few 
minutes covering my face with her cuntal juices.
She sagged in her seat for a short time and then urged me to sit up on the seat 
like a person. Josephine looked around at her and then at me and smiled. I was 
instructed to put my clothes on which I did. By that time we were back out on 
the beeline highway heading south so I had no idea how to get there or even 
where we had been.
As we neared home, I began to think of the future and where originally I had 
deeply resented these women and been afraid of what they could do to my family, 
now I looked forward to each meeting, anticipating that it would produce a new 
and fulfilling sexual experience. I was no longer living in fear, and I could 
tell that they sensed that, instead I rejoiced in my newfound sexuality. I 
wondered if Tom had noticed the difference in me. I thought about the movie of 
him and Mona and Gloria and wondered whether he was feeling remorse about having 
cheated on me. I expect that he was.
"How am I going to deal with Tom when he finally finds out what I have become." 
I asked Josephine.
"And what do you think you have become little pussy?" she asked in response?
"Well I know I have become a slut and now I am a bitch dog and a dog whore, 
that's what I have become."
"Actually, you don't have to worry aboput what Tom will think because we are 
working on making him a valuable resource for our group as well."
"Ohhhhhh?"
"Yes dear, you won't have to worry about what Tom thinks."


The next morning I was waiting, as expected, when they arrived. I was wearing a 
skirt and blouse with no bra and no panties. When they pulled to the curb and I 
stepped to enter the van, Mona told me to lift my skirt so she could see if I 
was naked below my clothes. I looked around and seeing no one, I quickly lifted 
my skirt and showed her that I was naked as instructed.
Satisfied that I was, she motioned for me to enter and as I sat down and we 
pulled away she ordered me to open the top four buttons of my blouse. I knew 
that as I did this I would be open to about two inches below my breasts and my 
full cleavage would be visible to anyone who looked at me. Strangely I no longer 
was concerned about things like that.
We pulled into the parking lot behind the most exclusive jewelry store in town. 
Exiting the van we entered through a canopy covered back door right into the 
heart of the store. There were several other women there window shopping the 
cases of jewelry. The owner came over to us and asked how he could help us.
Mona replied in a voice capable of being heard throughout the store, "We're hear 
for the fitting of the gold dog collar on this lady."
I snapped to attention and looked at her. "What dog collar? what fitting?"
"Just be quiet Joan and do as your told."
"Oh yes I have the collar ready for the fitting if you will just come this way."
With that he led us into a private viewing room. He left the door open while he 
stepped out to get what he needed. When he returned he had a gold dogs choker 
collar in one hand and in the other several tools and what looked like a 
miniature propane burner like they used for welding.
He had me sit in a chair facing a framed mirror so that I could see myself and 
watch what he was doing. He took the gold collar and laid it around my neck and 
fed it through to gold loop at one end of the collar. He then lifted it up to my 
chin and readjusted the length until he was satisfied. He looked at Mona and she 
checked his work and then nodded yes. He picked up a pair of pliers that I could 
see looked like wire cutters and marked one of the links in the collar. He 
removed the collar and using the cutters cut the link that he had marked. He 
then replaced the collar around my neck and inserted the chain through the loop 
once again. He murmured to indicate that he was satisfied with his work and then 
placed a heavy pad over my shoulder.
"What is he doing," I cried out to Mona.
"Ohh just shut up," she replied, "You'll see in just a moment."
The jeweler picked up the small propane torch and asked Mona to hold the chain 
in place. She reached out and held the chain as it looped through the gold ring. 
I watched as he picked up another gold ring and inserted it through the end link 
of the collars chain. Then without hesitation, he brought a small length of gold 
to the opening on the ring and quickly soldered it shut.
"OhhhGooddd what have you done? I'll never be able to get it off me." I cried 
out.
"That's the idea, bitch. It will remind you all the time that you are now a 
dog's bitch, and will always be one."
I felt tears trickling down my cheeks as I contemplated what had been done. Then 
I slowly stopped sniffling and looked at myself in the mirror. I actually liked 
what I saw just as I looked forward to my status as a dog whore. Then I smiled 
at myself, bringing my hand up to the collar and stroking it until it laid flat 
against my lower neck and neck bones.
"There, that's the way to look at it," Mona said, "I would be willing to bet 
that everytime you touch the collar your pussy will get wet."
That's when I felt the tinling in my vagina and the wetness begin between my 
legs and realized she was right.
I had had to explain to my husband Tom that the necklace was a gesture of 
appreciation for the work I was doing for the church. Somewhat hesitantly he 
accepted that explanation.
I heard nothing from any of the women until Sunday at church. Josephine drew me 
aside after the service and we chatted for several minutes until Tom was 
distracted and walked away to chat with Mona's husband. That was when Josephine 
confirmed that Gloria would be picking me up at about 9:00am for a trip to the 
farm. My stomach immediately felt the butterflies start whirling around and my 
pussy began to moisten. When she saw the smile that developed on my face she 
smiled back and said that she would be meeting me up there; that we had some 
work to do.
The rest of the day went quickly and that night I seduced Tom and we made wild 
sex in our big bed. After we had rested for a few minutes he got up and went to 
his dresser. He returned holding his hand behind his back.
"I think that necklace looks to much like a plain dog collar without any 
adornment so I went out and bought you this." He said.
With that he held out his hand and handed me a small box. I opened it and inside 
there was a gold charm. It was an intaglio with a dogs head as the subject. It 
had two small yellow stones for its eyes.
"Oh Tom, it's gorgeous," I cried, as I sat up and gave him a hug and a big wet 
kiss. "How will we attach it?"
"That's easy, there is a small split gold ring in the box and we slip the clasp 
on the head and the D-ring of the necklace like this and voila its hanging in 
place."
I got up from the bed and went to the dresser mirror and looked at myself. It 
did look gorgeous, it was a perfect size, about one and a quarter inches in 
diameter. I felt it laying there, flat against my breast bone the golden eyes 
perfectly depicting a dogs eyes. 'How appropriate, ' I thought, 'except it looks 
more like a German Shepherd or a Doberman than my Bruno. Ohhh welll, Cest la 
vie.'
I turned, and puting on my most sultry look turned around and in a very slinky 
way walked back to the bed. I put my hands on Tom's shoulders as he was sitting 
on the side of the bed and pushed him backwards.
"One nice present deserves another," I murmured in my sexy voice.
I knelt beside the bed and spreading his knees apart I leaned forward and 
grasped his cock and then bent over and licked the head. I licked several inches 
down and around the top of his shaft and felt it stiffen again in my hand. I saw 
a drop of precum at the tip and licked it off and then opened my mouth and slid 
his cock inside. I almost made it. I almost took it all in one stroke, but it 
took a second try for me to get the head down my throat. 'My god I said to 
myself, Bruno's cock is bigger than Tom's.' I began to suck his cock and run my 
tongue around the head each time it came back near my lips. I could hear him 
moaning and then his hands grabbed my head and his hips began to thrust up. I 
felt his cock slide into my throat with each stroke and then it began to swell 
up and get thicker. I knew he was about to cumm in my mouth so I lifted my head 
and kept the cock head out of my throat so that when he shot his load of cumm it 
would go in my mouth and I could taste it, not down my throat where I had no 
taste buds. Then he was grunting and he was trying to drive his cock deep into 
me but I held him out. Then he was cumming and I felt his cumm hit the back of 
my throat and it tasted so good I held it a moment before I swallowed it. The 
next three or four spurts I held in my mouth savoring the taste. When he relaxed 
and slumped back, I slid up his body and kissed him. He opened his mouth and I 
let most of his cumm drain into his mouth. He almost choked at the unexpected 
mouthful but managed not to.
"How do you like it? How do you like the taste of my pussy juices and your own 
cummm." I asked with a very innocent look on my face.
"My God," he said, as he swallowed the mouthful, "That was very erotic. We'll 
have to try that again, the next time."
We turned out the lights and went to sleep


Monday morning I was wet with anticipation waiting for the van to arrive. I was 
dressed as usual, skirt, blouse, no bra and no panties. 'I'm going to see 
Bruno.' I kept repeating to myself.
When the van pulled up in front of the house I stepped forward and reached to 
open the front door and sit next to Mona.
"No, get in the back seat," she ordered.
I slid the back door open and entered the van. I was not yet seated when she 
told me to lean forward. When I did she clasped a leash to the D-ring on the 
collar. She held it firmly and pulled my face close to hers.
"Take your clothes off, now."
I hesitated for a moment and then quickly stripped off my blouse and skirt.
"Now get on all fours like the bitch you are."
I did and then felt something pressing against my anus. I felt it spread me open 
and then slip in and then my sphincter closed tightly around whatever it was.
"Look over your shoulder and see what that is."
I turned my head and looked down my back as well as I could and saw something 
with long dark hair sticking up above my buttocks. It was a dogs tail.
"Now you will wear that tail everytime we go to the farm. If you are going to be 
a dog's bitch you need a tail so you looke like one. Now take these and put them 
on." She opened up a plastic baggy and removed a pair of thong underpants. It 
had that same musty smell as the last time we went to the farm.
"What is that smell," I asked in a tiny tremulous voice.
"The crotch of those pants have been wet with the vaginal fluids of a bitch in 
heat which I think is very appropriate in this case. It transfers the smell of a 
female dog to your pussy and gets the male dogs excited and ready to fuck you. 
It saves a lot of time getting them in the mood." she replied.
"OOOOhhhhhhhhh."
Now put this blindfold on, we don't want you to see how to get there until we 
are sure of you, that is we don't want you sneaking out here for a fuck unless 
one of us is with you. Do you understand?"
"YesssMaaammm."
I sat down trying to find a comfortable position with that thing in my ass and 
the tail sticking up in the air. I finally reached a compromise position where I 
kind of tilted to the side and sat on one buttock.
A minute or two before we reached the Farm she instructed me to remove the 
blindfold. I did and blinked at the bright sunlight. I looked around but could 
see no landmarks that would tell me where we were.
When we reached the Farm Mona told me to "stay". She got out and walked around 
the van. She opened the door and reached in to grab the leash. She gave the 
leash a gentle jerk and said "follow me". As I walked I started to veer to the 
side and catch up to her. She stopped abruptly and gave a small jerk to the 
leash. "Now, you are to remember when we are out here or in other places we will 
tell you about you are nothing but a bitch dog. You will heel. That means you 
will walk on my right side and slightly behind me, or anyone else who has the 
leash. When you are told to "Stay" you will stop right there. When you are told 
to "Come" it doesn't mean you are to climax it means you are to go to the one 
who gave the command. When you are told to "Sit" you will drop into a crouch, 
sit on your heels and place your hands on the floor in front of you. When you 
are told to "Assume the Position" you will get on your hands and knees with your 
ass in the air ready to be fucked or licked by one of the dogs. Is that 
understood?"
"YeessssMaaammm."
"Good, now let's go inside and you are to Heel."
I hesitated for a moment which provoked a jerk on the leash.
"Heel I said."
I took up my position beside her and followed her into the house. Priscilla and 
Josephine were sitting on the patio drinking coffee.
"Ahh, there's my hot little pussy now." Josephine said. "How are you this 
morning?"
"Good," I replied.
"That's fine. Come"
I walked slowly over to her until I was standing right next to her chair.
"Are you hot and horny my little pussy?"
"Yesss."
"Now let me check up on you. Spread your legs for me."
I did and she slid her hand in and cupped my cunt. I felt her slide a finger 
inside me and I could tell I was wet as a sponge. "Her finger moved around a 
little and then I felt my cuntal juices begin to run out of me and down my inner 
thighs.
"Yess you are hot aren't you." she said as she removed her fingers from my 
crotch and showed the other two women how wet they were. "I'm sorry you are 
going to have to wait for your dog cocks this morning we have some other items 
to take care of."
With that she spoke to Priscilla asking her to go and get Andre.
Priscilla walked to one of the sliding glass doors and called for someone to 
come out and bring his materials. Within a moment or two this swishy kind of man 
came out and looked me over. I wanted to cover my tits and my pubic area but 
realized that would be a bad thing to do. I just stood there.
Andre came over and looked me over. He re-positioned me and then walked all 
around me, muttering to himself as he did so. His hand reached up and clasped my 
chin and tilted my head back and forth and up slight;y. "Yess, Yessss, there is 
good structure to work with."
Then his hands came up and cupped my breasts and said, "Ahhh yess, a good 
healthy 36C." Then his hands ran down over my belly and hips. He murmured 
happily. "A very good subject. I will have to get to work now if I am to finish 
in two hours as you requested."
"You can stay for lunch can't you?"
"Oh yes, that will be no problem."
"Good then you will be able to see her fuck her favorite dog before you leave."
I looked at her astonished, no man had seen me fuck a dog before. I felt 
terribly embarrased but at the same time the butterflies started flying in my 
stomach and I knew that I was really excited by the thought of someone new 
seeing me fuck a dog and I didn't mind that it was him since he seemed to be 
gay.
He told me to stand still then he took a measuring tape and began to take 
measurements of my body. First my chest and breasts, then my neck next my 
stomach and then my hips and thighs. He noted all these measurements down in a 
little notebook
Once he had all his notes completed he had me sit in a low chair. He put two 
plugs in my nose saying, "This is so you can breath while I make the mold of 
your head. Close your eyes now."
I did as I was told trying to figure out what has happening. I felt him coat my 
face with vaseline and then I felt cold creamy stuff being applied to my face 
and then over my head where he had placed a tight swimming cap holding my hair 
firmly against my scalp. His hands gently pressed this stuff against my skin so 
that it fit like a rubber glove.
"Now we must wait for about half an hour until the moulage firms up so that it 
can be removed in just two pieces, a front and a back." I heard him say.
"Joanie, my sweet little pussy," Josephine whispered, "Why don't you keep your 
head still while you hunch your hips forward to the edge of the chair and then 
spread your legs wide?"
I did as she asked me too.
"Now take your fingers and slowly pleasure yourself. That's right move the thong 
to the side a little bit and then begin."
I did. As soon as I started I felt my cunt lips begin to pulsate. Trying not to 
move my head, I slid two fingers inside and began to finger fuck myself. My hips 
began to thrust against my fingers.
"No, NO, you cannot move your body until that stuff dries on your head. Just 
calmly slide your fingers in and out and use your thumb on your clit, but do not 
move your body." Josephine ordered.
I didn't know if I could do that but knew I had to try. I slowed down the 
movement of my hand while I managed to keep myself on the edge of being totally 
excited making sure that I kept my body stiff and calm. I was almost going out 
of my mind. I could feel a big cumm building but knew I could not let that 
happen. My fingers, yes, my whole hand was sopping wet and I could feel the 
juices running out of me. I was moaning with the effort to keep my body still 
but I managed to do it.
"Now, that's enough my little pussy. Take your fingers out and let your heart 
and breathing slow down to normal while you sit there. Do you know you have been 
fingering yourself for almost twenty minutes? See, there I went and kept your 
mind occupied while that stuff dried on your face, don't you want to thank me?"
I couldn't move my face or my lips, all I could do was grunt my assent to her 
question.
"Good, Andre is signalling me that it is time to remove the mask. Sitting here 
in the sun has made it dry faster than he thought it would. So, sit still while 
he removes it so that it doesn't get damaged and force him to do it again."
I sat there calmly all the time thinking that now that this was over I could go 
to Bruno. It felt good when he finally removed the mask and I felt the gentle 
breeze caress my skin.




Enslaved: Chapter 9


Priscilla picked up the leash and saying Heel gave a tug to the collar. I 
followed like a good dog until we were inside when she instructed me to go into 
the bathroom and wash my face to get the greasy vaseline off. It took several 
attempts to get the greasy feel off my face and hands.
When I came out she again picked up the leash and led me back outside. I paid 
particular attention to walking on her right side and slightly behind her. I saw 
that a thick pad had been laid out on the patio and they were all sitting around 
watching me as I came out. Priscilla led me over to the pad and told me to lay 
down on my back. I did as she ordered and she moved to the side and came back 
carrying a light weight rack of some kind which she positioned astraddle my 
body. She told me to raise my legs. When I did, she took first one leg and then 
the other and strapped leather cuffs to each ankle. Then moving them so they 
were behind the bar of the rack she clipped the D-rings on the cuffs to the 
corners of the rack. Now I lay there on my back with my legs spread wide.
Josephine said to me, "Ok now my hot little pussy, finger yourself while we 
bring the first dog out. Now this one is not going to fuck you, but he will give 
you a lot of pleasure for the next fiteen or twenty minutes." With that she 
knelt down on the pad and taking a small bowl used a spoon and scooped out some 
light brownish type of goo and spooned it onto my cunt. She took several more 
spoonfulls and liberally coated my vagina lips. Then she said, "Now lift your 
hips a little bit and use your fingers to spread your cunt open."
I did as instructed and watched as she took a couple more spoonfulls amd holding 
the spoon over my open cunt began to dribble the substance inside me. It was 
warm and I could feel it penetrating and coating the whole inside of my cunt.
She then returned to her chair and told me to remove my fingers and lick my 
fingers clean. I did so and realized that the substance was honey. I was 
confused. Why would they do this to me?
At that point Priscilla returned with a dog I had not seen before. She walked 
him to the far side of my legs and then led him forward, pulling his head down 
with the leash which she then unhooked. The dog sniffed my pussy for a minute 
then his tongue came out and very tentatively licked across my vagina. I jerked 
with surprise, but then I tilted my head and watched him. He shuffled slightly 
forward and then his tongue went to work licking up the honey. Every stroke of 
his tongue washed across my vagina and then abruptly the coarse tongue was 
sweeping across my clit. I let out a low moan and put my hands behind my head 
tilting it so that I could watch the dog licking my pussy. My hips began to jerk 
and I felt this strong quivering feeling begin deep inside my stomach. I was 
moaning and crying out as his tongue drove me crazy and then it shifted and 
began to lick into my cunt. I could feel the tongue sliding in and out as he 
licked and then every once in awhile it would flick across my clit causing a 
loud moan of desire come from my mouth. I watched in fascination as he ate my 
pussy and tongue fucked me. His tongue was not penetrating very deeply and then 
he shook his head apparently having licked all the honey he could reach then I 
watched in awe as he shoved his head forward, the tongue penetrating me and then 
he shoved his head strongly forward, his tongue lapping frantically inside me 
and then all of a sudden I felt my cunt spreading open as his nose slid inside 
my pussy. He kept his nose in there briefly and then pulled it out. He licked 
his snout and then shoved his nose in harder and deeper.
"Ohhhhmyyyygoddddd, heeessssfuuucccckkkinnnggg meeeee wittthhhh hissss 
noooosssseeeee," I screamed. It was an indescribable feeling, his slim but 
quickly widening nose was inside deeper this time but the wildest part was that 
the short hairs on his muzzle were rubbing back and forth and around my clit and 
driving me into a majestic cuuummmm.
"IIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMMCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMIIIINNNNGGGGGGG." I 
screamed at the top of my lungs as my body went into spasms. I didn't know 
whether I would live but he continued to lick and fuck deeper into my cunt and 
then I was cummiinngg again and again, my whole body convulsing and I must have 
passed out because when I regained my senses, the dog was gone and my legs had 
been released from the rack. I was laying on my side, my legs drawn up and my 
arms embracing my body. I realized I had assumed the fetal position and 
understood why I had... That event had been a very primal sexual event. I didn't 
know whether I would ever forget it. The feeling of the dogs tongue and snout 
remained with me and I knew it would be a long time before the sensation and the 
sights faded from my mind. I knew that every time I thought of it the feelings 
and sensations would return in full and pleasurably so.
Josephine came over to me and handed me a glass. It was an ice cold Gin and 
Tonic. I gulped it down and then looked around it was as if the world had 
changed, the colors were more vivid than I remembered, and the sounds of the 
birds were clearer and more melodious than I had ever heard before.
"Is she going to fuck a dog now?" I heard a male voice say.
I turned and glanced around and then remembered that this queer Andre had 
watched the whole thing.
"Would you like to watch that next?" I asked him with a saucy tone to my voice.
"Hahahaha," Josephine roared with laughter. "My horny little pussy has a sense 
of humor and obviously enjoys putting on a show. Are you ready my little bitch 
dog to give Bruno a chance at your cunt now."
"Yes... Yesss... ," I replied.
"Well then, take the thong and rub the crotch against your wet little pussy 
throroughly, let's get him hot and horny too." She said to me and then turning 
to Priscilla, "Go and Get Bruno and bring him out here so he can enjoy his 
bitch. He hasn't fucked anything all week, has he?"
"No, I have kept him celibate while the other dogs have been used for breeding. 
He has been going out of his mind when the other dogs came back smelling of 
their bitches in heat. He has had an almost perpetual hard-on all week. I swear 
it has looked bigger with each passing day, but that's probably only my 
imagination we'll have to let his bitch tell us after he has given her a good 
fucking."
"Take our horny little pussy with you to get Bruno. Have her lead him back here, 
I'd like to see his attitude with her walking beside him."
Priscilla led me back to the kennels holding my leash. When he saw me he began 
to jump around and whine. I saw that his cock quickly slid out of its hairy 
pouch. It must be the bitch in heat smell I was carrying with me because the 
other dogs became excited too. She opened his cage and quickly slipped a leash 
onto his collar. He paid no attention to her, just pulled on the leash to reach 
me. She relaxed her hold on the leash and he quickly moved to me and stuck his 
muzzle into my crotch. His tongue took a full lick of my vaginal lips which were 
already wet with anticipation. He barked several times, a joyous and somewhat 
sexy sound coming from his mouth. Walking back to the patio Priscilla had all 
she could do to keep him away from me. He was bouncing up and down as he walked, 
his thick red cock bouncing under his belly making my insides hot with the 
thought that it would be inside me in just a minute or two. When we got near the 
patio, Josephine called out for us to stop there. We were still on the grass 
when we stopped.
"Joan. Listen to me." Josephine called out, "Assume the Position."
I was momentarily confused and then remembered what Mona had said. I dropped to 
my knees and fell forward putting my hands on the ground. I knew it was time and 
now Bruno was going to fuck me. I grew anxious as Priscilla drew out the period 
of waiting. I knew she was teasing or really goading me so that I would begin to 
squirm and squirm I did. I began to move my buttocks back and forth swinging my 
tail in the breeze, showing Bruno that I was waiting for him. I heard Priscilla 
whispering to Bruno and watched as she reached down and unclipped his leash. He 
sat next to her, his front legs jerking and lifting up and down on the ground he 
was so anxious to get to me.
"Fuck her Bruno, Mount her and stick your cock in her cunt and Fuck her." she 
instructed him. I watched as he lurched to his feet and ran over to me. I felt 
his head move down and his cold nose touch me as he sniffed my soaking wet and 
smelly cunt. Then there was a slight pause and then I felt his weight land on my 
back and his forepaws slip around my torso. His hips were jerking and I could 
feel the hard, hot, tip of his cock hitting my thigh.
"Grab his cock Joan, Grab it and put the head of his cock in your cunt."
I reached down and my hand closed aroung his hot cock and moved the head to my 
cunt. I rubbed it up and down once or twice to get it wet and slippery and then 
as he thrust forward I moved it to my cunt hole and felt it slip into me. I 
groaned with pleasure and my hips began to move of their own volition driving 
back against his cock as he thrust forward. On the second thrust his cock was 
all the way inside and I could feel the initial swelling of his cock knot 
striking against my cunt lips. Then as it moved further into me and the knot 
slipped inside I felt his cock head spreading my cervix. Wuth each forward 
thrust he spread me further and then his cock head finally slipped into my womb.
I knew that I had been moaning and crying out for him to fuck me but now I heard 
my joyous cry as I screamed out, "Ohhhhyyeeessssshisssss coccckkkkisssalll the 
wayyy into my wooooommmb. It's sooo deeep, it's all the way in me."
Now his hips were hammering at me going faster and faster and I felt myself 
building up to a cumm. Then it hit me and I cried," IMMMMMMM 
CUUUUUMMMIIIIINNNNGGGGGGOOOHHHHHHMMMYYYYGODDDDDIIIMMMMMMCUUUUMMIIINNG." His 
thick big cock was hammering into me and his cock knot was inside and sliding 
back and forth and every time it hit that certain spot I felt jolts of 
electricity shooting through me and then my cummmiinngg would not stop and I 
felt his hot cumm shooting out of his cock and directly into my womb. Ohhh my 
God I wish he could make me pregnant so I could have him and all his pups to 
fuck not just him. My shoulders slumped and my arms slipped out from under me 
and I was laying there his cock still inside and my shoulders and cheek pressed 
against the ground. His knot was still big inside me and I was aware that He was 
moving his body off me and then I felt his leg pulled over my back and I lay 
there, hooked up to him because the big knot on his cock was hung up in my cunt 
by my internal myscles. It hurt a little as he pulled trying to free himself but 
at the same time I wanted his cock to stay inside me. Each time he moved his 
body, the knot moved inside me and I felt the shocks run through my body and 
then I was cuummmmiiinnnggg again and I was too tired to call out my climax. I 
just felt contented this time.
I don't know how long we stayed locked together but eventually his cock and the 
knot shrank enough to slip out of me. I felt someone come over and cover me with 
a light blanket, and then I fell asleep.
It was sometime later that I awakened and sat up. Only Mona and Priscilla were 
still sitting on the patio. As I climbed to my feet, my leash dangling between 
my breasts in front Priscilla rose and handed me a cold drink, another Gin and 
Tonic. I gulped it down greedily feeling so thirsty. I quickly handed it back to 
her and asked for another. We sat there quietly for a few minutes.
"Bruno wanted to fuck you again," Mona said, "But you were sound asleep and we 
didn't want to disturb you. After all, it's not like it is going to be the last 
time you come out here, and it is clear that he knows you are his bitch now."
I didn't say anything, just felt an emptiness that I had missed another fuck 
from my stud dog but then I just smiled wearily recognizing that he and I were 
going to see more of each other. It's almost like we are dating and we get to do 
this once every week when we can get together.


It was the day after the exquisite experience of having been eaten by one dog 
and then fucked by Bruno, MY stud. I couldn't help myself, but I was almost 
constantly thinking of yesterday's activities and every time I thought about it 
my poor pussy would get hot, my pussy lips would swell up, and I would begin to 
ooze pussy juice. I barely had to touch my clit to have an orgasm, and I did 
that several times throughout the day. Finally, getting a grip on myself, and 
indulging myself with one more orgasm, I put on panties and dressed myself to go 
to the store. I had to prepare dinner for the family. Every once in awhile I 
would remember watching that video tape of Tom having sex with Mona and Gloria 
and I would get upset by the two-timing bastard but then I would calm down 
saying to myself, "at least he isn't fucking dogs." I still couldn't figure out 
why these women were doing this. All I know is that what would have, three weeks 
ago, revolted me, I now really enjoyed and looked forward to more of the same. I 
still liked the feel of Tom's cock inside me and the closeness of our sex 
together, but the really thrilling sex came from the women and the dogs. I knew 
that I was turning into some kind of pervert, but this pervert was really having 
some of the most satisfying sex in her life.
When I returned from the store I saw that there was a message on the answering 
machine. I listened to Mona tell me to call her the minute I got home. As I was 
picking up the phone to call her, the children got home from school. I was in a 
quandry, Take care of them with a snack or call Mona first. The children won 
out. When I finished with them, I went into the den and picked up the phone and 
called her. The kids finished their snack and were moving around the house, 
coming into the den and out. I felt cornered because I didn't know what Mona was 
going to ask of me, or rather tell me to do.
When she picked up the phone I identified myself. I knew she could hear the kids 
talking in the background. She realized the predicament I was in and began to 
dominate me.
"Joan?" she asked, "did you call me as soon as you got home?"
"I hesitated and then realized I could not lie. "No, the children walked in and 
I had to give them their after school snack."
"Didn't my message say for you to call me as soon as you got home?"
"Yes Ma'm."
"Well you didn't and that makes me mad. I called to ask you about yesterday. 
Tell me how you felt about having your pussy eaten by a dog like that?"
"It was wonderful."
"Tell me what part was the best."
I could hear the children so I knew if I spoke in my normal voice they could 
hear me also.
"His tongue on my clit," I murmured.
"What did you say? Don't mutter. Speak up so I can hear you."
I was now trembling. I didn't want the children to hear me talking about this, 
but had no alternative.
"His tongue on my clit." I said speaking in a more normal tone. There was no 
change in the level of the kids conversation so they either hadn't heard me or 
didn't understand what I was saying.
"What else did you like about it?"
"When his tongue was licking inside me and then his nose pushed into me." I 
couldn't believe I was saying these things with my children in the house where 
they could possibly overhear me. Fortunately the level of their voices remained 
the same.
"How many times did his tongue make you cumm?"
"Three or Four times."
"Three or Four times what?"
"He made me cumm three or four times."
"How did he make you cumm?"
"Please M'am, don't make me do this."
"No tell me now, HOW DID HE MAKE YOU CUMM."
"With his tongue and nose."
"What? How many times did you cumm and how did he make you cumm, Speak up."
"He made me cumm three or four times with his tongue and his nose." I moaned 
out.
All of a sudden the noise level from the other room disappeared. I could almost 
hear them listening to the conversation. I groaned with despair.
"OK, I can hear that the kids are now listening to every word so I will let you 
off the hook. I want you to come to my house at 9:00 tomorrow morning. You know 
the ritual, so be here on time."
"Yes M'am"
I hung up the phone and then leaned against the wall for a moment. My daughter 
came into the room and asked very sweetly, "Who was that on the phone, Mom?"
"It was Mona asking me to come over to her house tomorrow morning."
"That was a long conversation just for that," she said with a smile on her face.
"Just mind your own business young lady. My phone calls are private. Do you 
understand that?"
"Yes Mom, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be rude. It's just that it sounded like 
you were talking about something else and when I came in to the den you looked 
very upset."
"No dear, I am OK, It's just that it has been a very long day and I still have 
dinner to prepare."
"I'm sorry Mom, Can I help you fix dinner?"
"I guess you can. Why don't we barbecue tonight? You can get the potatoes ready 
for baking and your brother can get the charcoal burning in the barbecue."




Enslaved: Chapter 10


The following morning I left the house in order to walk to Mona's by nine 
o'clock. I started to walk up to the front door and then remembered that I was 
only allowed to enter by the rear door.
As I rounded the corner of the house to reach the rear door I saw that Todd was 
there back at work. He looked up at me and grinned. I was about to knock on the 
door when it opened and Mona stood there smiling at me. "Good you're not late 
today, but what are you doing with your clothes still on. Take them off and put 
them on the chair there. Don't worry about Todd, he has seen you naked before. 
Besides, you are going to suck his cock before you come inside anyway so you 
might as well get it over with.
I slowly removed my skirt and blouse while staring directly at Todd. When I was 
naked, my hands rose and cupped my breasts and then one slid down and between my 
legs. I was wet already. My fingers played there for a moment and then I raised 
them to my lips and licked them clean with my tongue.
I could see the reaction on Todd, His shorts could barely contain his hardon. He 
dropped whatever he was holding and rushed across the yard to me, stripping off 
his clothes as he moved. He almost fell on his face as he tried to get his 
shorts off and they stuck at his ankles. Then he was before me with his hard 
cock sticking straight up against his belly. It didn't quite reach his belly 
button, but it did come close.
"Get down on your back Joan," Mona rodered me, "He's going to eat your pussy 
while you suck his cock. That's right lay on the grass."
I quickly laid down on the grass and spread my legs for him. He moved over me, 
his legs straddling my head. His mouth moved to my crotch and then his tongue 
got busy licking my vaginal lips. My hips started to move of their own volition 
in response to the feel of his tongue.
I reached up and with one hand pulled his stiff hard cock head down to my lips. 
My tongue licked out and touched the head of his cock and then circled it. My 
lips closed around the head and then I lifted my head taking the first couple of 
inches into my mouth. I was concentrating on taking more and more of his cock 
into my mouth and laving it with my tongue when all of a sudden his tongue found 
my clit and my stomach fluttered and my hips rose in reaction to the touch of 
his tongue. I could feel my cunt lips swelling up in response to his 
ministrations and then he opened his mouth and sucked my cunt lips into his 
mouth. The suction felt so good but then he eased up and his tongue slid inside 
me and began an in and out motion. He was tongue fucking me and my hips matched 
the tempo of his tongue as I tried to get it deep inside.
My head moved up and down on his cock taking more and more of it into my mouth. 
It felt so hot and so full and was so hard that when it finally hit the back of 
my throat it felt like a steel bar capped with a soft resilient head. It felt so 
good in my mouth and I could taste his pre-cum oozing out from the tip. It 
tasted sweet and pungent at the same time. Then it was slipping down my throat 
and I was deep throating him at the same time my tongue was moving around the 
shaft.
I could feel his tongue withdrawing from my cunt and now his lips closed aroung 
my clit and he began a rhythmic sucking I heard sounds coming from my throat as 
the first wave of a cumming began to fill my body. His lips were sucking as he 
tried to get more of my clit into his mouth. My hand reached up and began to 
gently squeeze his balls. And I felt him begin that initial stiffening that 
signaled he was about to cumm. I didn't want it shooting down my throat where I 
couldn't taste it so I pulled my head back a bit and his cock head oozed out of 
my throat and slid back and forth over my tongue. Then he was spurting into my 
mouth, big gobs of his semen and I could taste the sweetness of it as it slid 
down into my throat. My hips were now jerking frantically trying to reach my 
climax before he collapsed but I was too late. His face fell away from my pussy 
and his cock slid out of my mouth.
"You son-of-a-bitch," I screamed at him, "you didn't make me cumm, you didn't 
finish the job. Ohh you bastard, you cunt eating bastard you didn't finish me."
I felt Mona at my side and she was stroking my arm as she helped me stand and 
she murmured, "Here, don't be upset, come inside and we'll help you finish it 
off, Come inside now."
I couldn't understand the WE but I followed her docily into the house. Inside I 
found Gloria and Paula. They led me down the hallway to the master bedroom and 
pressed me down on the bed. Then they stripped and laid beside me and began to 
stroke and kiss my body. Their hands found my breasts and their mouths dropped 
to my nipples. They both began to suckle on my tits and then their hands moved 
down and between my legs. My eyes were closed and my head thrown back when 
suddenly I felt one of my breasts chilled by the air as Paula moved down between 
my legs and resumed what Todd had left incomplete. Her tongue played with my hot 
pussy, she licked my clit and drove her tongue into my cunt, tongue fucking me 
and then she was alternating between my cunt and clit and I was moaning and 
crying out,
"Ohhhhyeeeessssss, doooitttt, doooiiittttt, lick me, eat my pussy."
I could feel my body responding to this fresh attack by the two women when I 
felt the bed at my head sinking. I opened my eyes and saw a wet cunt right above 
me and then it was slowly lowering down closer to my face. My hands reached up 
and grasped her hips pulling her down close. I slid my tongue out without 
thinking and began to lick at the pretty pink cunt above my face. I felt my 
tongue contact the wet lips and I drew it back and savored the flavor of the 
juices in the cunt above me. Then my tongue thrust out and began to lick madly 
at her cunt and then I flound her clit and as my tongue lashed out and around it 
I heard her crying out her pleasure. Meanwhile my hips were jerking as I felt my 
missed climax building up again and as my hips began to rock up and down with 
the feelings in my body I felt the cunt I was licking begin to pulse and grasp 
at my tongue. I knew that she was about to cumm and renewed my efforts to bring 
her off. Her body stiffened and then her hips began to jerk and her juices ran 
out and into my mouth. I licked them with my tongue and swallowed each drop as 
it came. My own cumming seemed to be about to happen when Paula pulled her head 
away. I cried out that they shouldn't stop that I was going to cumm. I felt the 
legs move from around my head and then a different pair slid into place. I was 
sobbing with frustration when I felt the head lift from my tit and the body move 
down between my legs and the tongue begin to stroke me and then another head 
found my tit and began to suckle at my nipple. By now I was frantic and was 
almost incoherent as I cried for them to finish me to make me cumm. My body was 
in total arousal. My tongue began to suck on the clit above me and I took two 
fingers and slid them into the wet pussy while I sucked on the clit. I could 
feel myself again approaching a climax and then the mouth moved away. I again 
tried to cry out my frustration but my mouth was covered with cunt and my lips 
were cupped around her clit so that only a muffled protest could be heard. My 
hips were jerking with my need to complete my cummming but there was no one 
there. When I tried to reach down and finish myself off with my fingers, my 
wrist was grabbed and held tightly away from my cunt. Then the body above me 
began to shudder and cumm and I could feel the fluids running down into my 
mouth. Then again their bodies moved and everyone changed places and I was again 
eating someones pussy while a new and different mouth was ministering to my 
wants; a new mouth was on my tit sucking my nipple. Then I felt it cumming and 
my tongue worked faster knowing now that they would let me cumm when the last of 
them was finished and satisfied. My tongue worked rapidly and my fingers slid 
inside and I was getting closer and closer and then just as the dam broke and I 
cried out, I felt that I had succeeded with whoever was sitting on my face.
"Ohhhhyesssssohhhhhhhyeeeesssssssssnowimmmcummmmmiiinnng nowwwwwwww. 
Ohhhhhmmmyyyyygodddddimmmmcummmmmiiinnnnnggggg."
I collapsed on the bed and their bodies fell away from me. I laid there in a 
stupor, my body exhausted from being eaten and sucked by four people before I 
finally achieved a climax. All I could think of was how gratefull I was to these 
women for making my cummmingg so ferocious, making me wait, building me up and 
then leaving me while my body humped up and down on the bed, and then finally 
cuuummmmiiinnnggg. It felt so good, so satisfying the way they had built me up 
to such a peak of expectation and then to finally be gratified.
We laid around naked stroking each others bodies and then bringing each other to 
additional climaxes with our mouths and fingers until it was time to eat some 
lunch. After lunch we all dressed and I walked home. Mona's final instructions 
to me were to be back tomorrow at the same time...




Enslaved: Chapter 11


When I awakened the next morning I found the sheet under my crotch wet. The 
sodden mass was widespread. The only thing that could account for it was the 
possibility that I had either climaxed in my sleep, or, that I was so hot and 
horny that my pussy had leaked all night long.
As soon as everybody left the house I prepared myself to go to Mona's. This time 
when I moved around to the rear door, I found someone cleaning the pool. I 
glanced at him and saw this bearded, tanned muscular body and looking down at 
his crotch saw that it was well packed. If today was going to be a repeat of 
yesterday then it looked like there was going to be a lot of pleasure involved.
I knocked on the back door a couple of minutes early. Mona opened the door and 
smiled, "It looks like you finally understand what is expected of you. The only 
thing I don't understand is why you still have your clothes on. Strip. Now." I 
glanced at the young man and blushed slightly for this was a new spectator to my 
subservience then I quickly removed my clothes and stood there my arms at my 
sides. Mona introduced us.
"Joan, this is Darren. Darren, this is Joan and she is going to suck your cock 
dry this morning while you eat her pussy. she said, "Darren, I have heard good 
things about you and expect you to really make her cumm several times before you 
load her mouth with your juices. Do you think you can do that?"
"Yes Ma'm," he replied as he dropped the pool cleaner and began to move towards 
me as he slipped out of his clothes.
"I hope you don't mind if we women watch you play with her?"
My head snapped around and I saw not only Mona, but also Gloria, Paula and 
Josephine come out of the house with coffee mugs in their hands and sit on the 
patio.
"No Ma'm," Darren said, "I don't mind at all."
I took a good look at him and saw that he was quite a bit better endowed that 
Todd and thought to myself 'He's so big it is going to be difficult to give him 
a good suck'.
I laid back on the grass and he moved around me and sank to his knees placing 
his cock right over my face. I raised and spread my legs and felt him lean 
forward as I reached up and took his nice hard cock in my hand and pulled it 
down to my mouth from where it stood straight against his belly. I licked the 
head and slowly circled it with my tongue as I felt his warm breath against my 
already wet pussy. He repositioned his arms so that my legs were pinned between 
his arms and his chest. Then he used his tongue to lick the inside of my thighs 
in circles moving closer and closer to my cunt lips and then his tongue was 
moving over my labia and slowly pressing between them and his tongue kept 
stroking up and down.
My head began to move up and down under him taking more and more of his hot cock 
into my mouth. Having heard that he was to make me cumm more than once I worked 
on his cock slowly, circling it with my tongue as it eased deeper and deeper 
into my mouth. I wanted him to take a long time so this wouldn't be a repeat of 
yesterday when Todd hadn't made me cumm at all.
As soon as his tongue touched my clit I had a small climax and couldn't stop 
groaning with pleasure. Then his tongue moved away from my clit and he slowly 
slid it into my cunt. It was nice and thick and I was surprised by how far into 
me it would go. My hips started moving and soon matched the rhythm of his tongue 
as it fucked me. I could no longer control myself' my head started moving faster 
and faster up and down his cock, my lips tight around the shaft as I truly 
sucked on him.
"Good Grief," I heard Josephine say, "Look at my hot little pussy suck that 
cock. She looks like she's insatiable, she really likes sucking on that nice big 
fuck stick."
I could feel my second climax beginning and now my hips began shoving my cunt up 
against his face. He pulled his tongue out and then alternated his play by first 
sucking my clit and then opening his mouth and sucking my cunt lips in hard. I 
called out with pleasure each time he did one or the other and then he started 
alternating those two movements with sliding his tongue imside me. It was 
fantastic, but nowhere near as overwhelming as the dog and his nose and his 
tongue. I increased my sucking taking him finally deep into my throat and as I 
felt the heat and trembling move down into my cunt I felt his balls draw up 
tight against his crotch and then his cock began to swell in my mouth. I heard 
him grunting his approaching cumm and then just as he started to shoot his 
juices into my throat I went up and over the edge. I groaned out my cumming, 
"UUUUUUNNNNNNNNNGGGGGHHHHHHHHH." He cried out for me too, "keep sucking keep 
sucking, OOOHHHHHHFFFUUUUUUCCCCKKKKImmmmmmmmm cuuuummmmmmmiiiiiinnnnnnnggggggg."
His body stayed tense and then there were several little tremors that ran 
through him as he slowly withdrew and my tongue swirled around his cockhead.
I heard a noise and then turning my head I saw that the four women were 
applauding our performance. I felt giddy with the approval and their cries of 
"Gooddd Shoowww, Gooddd Shhoooowwww." I had had such a nice cumm and then to see 
they appreciated our efforts made my head swim a little. I felt like puffing my 
chest out in pride at how well we had done for them.


When I left to go home that afternoon, Josephine told me to stay home the 
following day, but to be ready to go to the farm on Thursday.
Those instructions made my stomach quiver because it meant I would be with MY 
Bruno in two days.
I was picked up as usual and made to sit in the back seat where the windows were 
tinted.
"Come on Joan, you know the routine, strip and clip the leash to your collar." I 
was told.
I could not help the quivering that ran through my body as I obeyed her order, 
nor could I stop the dew from forming on my labia. I stripped as I was supposed 
to and once I was naked I took the end of the leash and attached it to the ring 
on the end of my choker collar.
"Now, put your tail on and then put this blindfold on." She said handing me the 
plug tail and the blindfold
I did as instructed and hoped that I could see at least a little bit of where we 
were going, but Mona caught me and laughing told me not to play games, just do 
as I was told. Again I had a little trouble finding a comfortable way to sit, 
but found it wasn't as difficult as the last time.
"We have a surprize for you this morning, so just sit there and think about what 
it might be."
When we arrived at the farm, I sat in the car as I was supposed to until Mona 
walked around and opened my door and picked up the leash.
Giving the leash a small tug "Heel," she said. I heeled and followed her around 
the house to the back. Priscilla, Paula, Gloria and Josephine were already there 
as was that little queer, Andre. He had a package on the patio beside his chair. 
They sat there sipping their coffee.
Mona commanded me to "Sit" and then "Stay". I dropped to my knees and placed my 
hands on the patio floor in front of me. I could feel my juices running down my 
legs to the slate blocks of the patio. I glanced down and saw them pooling there 
on the slate.
"Come my hot little pussy," said Josephine. I stood up to walk over to her.
"No, No, No," she said, "When you're here at the Farm you are a Bitch Dog and 
you will move on all four legs like any Bitch in Heat. Do you understand me?"
"Yes, Yessss, I D... D... Do." I murmured.
"Good, now come over here."
I crawled over on hands and knees and then came to a sit in front of her knowing 
instinctively that this is what she wanted me to do.
I was close enough that she leaned forward a little and reaching her hands out 
gave me several light scratches behind each ear and then began to stroke my 
head.
"Mona told you we had a surprize for you, didn't she my little bitch?"
"Yesss M'am."
"Well why aren't you wagging your tail in anticipation. Come on get on all fours 
and wag your tail."
I felt myself flush with shame but moved to all fours and began to wag my 
buttocks causing the tail to wag.
"That's good, very good. Now has anyone taught you how to beg for your treat?"
"Noo M'am."
With that she spread her legs and I could see that she had no underwear on.
"Most dogs would be so eager when they new they were going to get a treat that 
they would be giving their mistress kisses and wagging their tails at the same 
time." "Now," she said spreading her legs further, "you know where I want to be 
kissed don't you.? Well just do it. You'll get your surprize in just a few 
moments when I am satisfied that you're anxious enough."
I moved closer and my tongue moved out and I began to lick her cunt.
"Ohhh yess that's the way, my little horny cunt, that's the way to kiss me."
I could tell from her reaction and how wet her cunt was that she had been 
looking forward to this all morning. I increased my efforts and my tongue 
finally found her clit. With that she slid forward in the chair and spread her 
legs wide grabbing her thighs with her hands and lifting them slightly. When she 
began moaning continuously I tried something new. My tongue laved her pussy from 
top to bottom always carressing her clit but then I tried licking lower until my 
tongue was moving between her cunt and her asshole. Then each time I found her 
backdoor I used the end of my tongue to apply a little pressure. Now she was 
practically screaming her pleasure.
"Ohhhhmmmmyyyyygggggoddddddd, yessss, keeeppp usinnggg yourrrr tongue like that 
lick my cunt... lickkkkmmmyyyyclliiiittt, lickkmyyyyanussss."
And then she was cummminnggg, I licked faster and sucking trying to get all of 
her juices into my mouth and except for a few drops I succeeded.
I looked up and saw she was slumped back in her chair.
"OOOOHHHHmygoodlittle bitch where did you learn to do that? MyyGodddd, that was 
fantastic. Just remember to always do that to me."
I resumed my "Sit" position there between her legs and slowly moved my buttocks 
making the tail wag gently behind me where the others could see it. I glanced 
quickly around and saw that all of the women had their hands under their skirts 
and were fingering themselves. Andre sat there with a condescending smirk on his 
face. I hated him.
When Josephine recovered sufficiently, she straightened up in her chair and 
said, "Now for your little surprize. Stand up and Andre will put it on you. But 
first let's go inside to the bedroom."
I did as she instructed. I was so confused by what she said. 'Put what on me?' I 
hoped we were not talking about anything like nipple rings or anything else 
piercing my body.
We all got up and went inside. When we entered the bedroom I could see all of 
the walls were covered with mirrored sliding doors.
Andre opened the package and removed something furry. I was told to turn around 
and I did. Then I saw in the mirror that he had spread this furry thing and was 
swinging it around my body.
"Lift your tits a little." he said.
I did.
Then he positioned this thing on me and I saw it was like a corset and was made 
so that there were partial cups at the top that elevated my tits making them 
stand out prominently. It covered me from under the tits to just above my pubic 
hair. It matched my hair coloring making my pubic hair look like it was part of 
the corset. He jiggled it a couple of times to settle it into place and then, 
pulling it tight around my body, fastened it along the length of the back. Then 
he reached down and quickly pulled the plug out of my ass, saying "You won't 
need this since I built a tail into the back of the garment for you."
"The back is a strip of Velcro," he said. "making it easy to put on and take 
off. Of course it requires two people, the animal and a handler, just like it 
would if you were grooming a show dog."
He then reached into the package again and came out with something that I 
couldn't fathom until he walked up close behind me raising his hands in the air 
above my head. Next he lowered the thing (cap?) onto my head and fit it in 
place. It covered my head and came down the front of my face to the tip of my 
nose, covering my ears at the side.
When I looked at myself in the mirror I was astonished. I looked like a dog. 
There were ears on the side that pointed up and yet seemed to have tunnels that 
reached down to my real ears so I could hear everything that was being said. All 
of my face except the area around my chin and mouth was covered with hair that 
matched my body covering. Where my nose should have been there was a kind of 
straight little ridge that came down from between my eyes and at the end there 
was a little black cap that covered the end of my nose looking just like a dog 
nose. It was formed so that it clung to my cheeks and there were openings for 
the eyes that in no way felt peculiar nor did they obstruct my vision. It didn't 
even obstruct my breathing in anyway. The entire head and face was so 
constructed that I really looked like a dog with a human mouth and jaw.
"Now, turn around," he said "and then get down on all four legs."
I did as I was told and then on command walked around a little,
"Ohhhhhmmmmyyyyyyy," said Josephine, "that's perfect. Now she looks like a real 
Bitch. Everyone is going to like this. Andre, you should get a bonus for this. I 
am going to have Mona and her husband Dave fix up something special for you. A 
little party specially geared to your tastes. We have a new subject in training. 
Is that OK with you?"
"But of course Madame," he replied. "The last little bonus you provided was 
exquisite. You have such an understanding of a man's needs."
Andre left, thank God.
Priscilla clipped my leash back on and told me to stay on all fours. She told me 
to heel and walked me out onto the grass. She took the leash and looped the 
handle over a sprinkler head and told me to "Stay". She left me and walked out 
to where the dog's kennels were located. While she was gone, Josephine came over 
with the small honey pot and told me to lay on my back. I did so. Spread your 
legs and open your cunt my little bitch. I did so. She repeated what she had 
done the last time spreading the honey over my labia and then pouring two 
tablespoonfulls into my open cunt hole. Then she took the moist spoon and rubbed 
the remaining honey on my nipples, and then finally she took another spoonful 
and had me lick the spoon and hold the honey in my mouth while she wiped the 
rest of the honey off the spoon and onto and around my lips.
"Take your tongue and use it to spread the honey around the inside of your 
mouth. Now get up on all fours again."
As I did that I saw that Pricilla was returning with the dog that had eaten my 
pussy the last time.
"Now," Josphine instructed me, "when priscilla brings Max over to you hold your 
face up to him and let him lick you."
Priscilla held him on the leash to control him and when he brought his face 
close to mine he sniffed me twice and then his tongue licked out, tentatively, 
and licked my lips. When he had had a chance to taste the honey his tongue 
became more active.
"Now," Josephine said, "Open your mouth and let him taste some of the honey 
inside."
I did as she said and then couldn't control myself, I opened my mouth wider and 
then when his tongue was deep in my mouth I closed my lips around it and began 
to suck on his tongue and circle it with mine. He seemed to like that and we 
were soon french kissing each other. His tongue would enter my mouth and as it 
withdrew mine would follow his and swirl around inside his. I was soon moaning 
with desire and at that point Josephine told me to lay down on my back and move 
his head to my tits. I did that and then my now rock hard nipples were being 
licked by his rough tongue. I couldn't help myself, I urged him to lick harder 
and I wanted him to bite my nipples but didn't know how to tell him. His head 
moved back and forth between my breasts and then I had a small climax, crying 
out that I was cumming.
When he seemed to have licked away all the honey, his tongue slowed down and 
then Priscilla used his leash to have him straddle my body and brought his head 
down to my pussy. He immediately began to lick me just like the last time. He 
was standing there his body above mine when Josephine spoke to me.
"Now Joan, my hot little cock sucker, reach your hand up and grasp his cock. See 
where the tip is sticking out. Lick that and when it comes out some more I want 
you to take it in your mouth and suck on it just like that cock you sucked the 
other day."
By now I was going out of my mind with the pleasure his tongue was giving me and 
without a second thought I reached up and touched his cock. I could see the red 
tip showing, and knowing they had never told me to do something I did not 
eventually enjoy, I slid my tongue out and licked the tip of his cock. It felt 
very hot. I did it again and then watched as the cock started to get bigger and 
the hair to pull back towards the base. When I licked it I got a taste of his 
pre-cum and liked it, probably not as much as he liked honey, but I did like the 
taste. My lips opened and my head moved up and took his now growing cock in my 
mouth and then closed my lips around it and began to suck on it. It kept getting 
bigger and bigger. I could tell it was bigger than my husband Tom's and much 
hotter. It kept leaking juice and I kept tongueing it and swallowing what I 
caught on my tongue. Now I realized I was reacting without thought. His tongue 
was driving me into a lust incited daze. I could feel my hips working to get his 
snout into my cunt while my head was now moving to the point where his cock was 
hitting the back of my throat. I could feel his cock knot brushing against my 
lips with every thrust of his cock and then I felt his cold nose pressing into 
my pussy and his tongue swirling around inside me as he licked and then his nose 
was spreading me open just as before and then the hairs on his nose were 
scrubbing back and forth over my clit and I cried out my cummingg with my voice 
muffled by his cock deep inside my mouth.
"UUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH."
I could feel the knot getting bigger and bigger as it pressed against my lips 
and I thought I can't let it get into my mouth it will get stuck in there. But I 
wanted more of his juices and then his rapidly thrusting hips told me he was 
about to cumm and then feeling his snout deep inside and his hair stroking my 
clit, I screamed out and came with a soul bursting climax and just then he began 
to pump his cumm into my mouth and I was swallowing fast as my hips jerked and 
jerked at his nose trying to get more into me and have another cummm but this 
one did not want to stop, I just kept cummmiiinnngggggg and cuuummmmmiiiinnnnggg 
and cummmmmmmmiiiiiiinnnnnnnngggggg. Then my body just collapsed on the grass 
and I passed out from the extreme feelings in my body.
I felt my leash being jerked and I opened my eyes,
"Come on," Priscilla said, "Are you going to sleep or do you want to be fucked 
today? We can always put it off to another day if you're to tired."
"No, No, I want Bruno."
"What do you want from Bruno?"
"I want him to fuck me."
"You're sure you want to be Bruno's little fuck bitch again?"
"Yes... Yes... I do."
"You know if he fucks you this time then you will surely be his bitch, don't 
you. Every time you come out here he is going to want to fuck you and sometimes 
maybe two or three times. Is that what you want?"
"Yes... that's what I want."
'Do you really... You know that sometimes he is really horny and you may have to 
come out here every day and get fucked a couple of times each of those days. Is 
that what you want"
"I... I... know that... Yeeessss that's what I want?"
We were now back at the kennels and the dogs were barking. Bruno was barking 
too. But, he seemed curious. Then I realized he had only seen me naked not with 
this costume on. Priscilla reached into her pcoket and brought out a small 
plastic baggy from which she took a piece of cloth. "Here rub your pussy with 
this. Do it now so he gets excited."
I took the cloth and reached down between my legs and rubbed the cloth over my 
crotch. I could smell the same musky smell as when I had worn the thong and knew 
that I was spreading an in heat bitch dogs juices over my pubic area. All of the 
dogs seemed to catch a waft of the smell and they went wild, all of them 
beginning to get aroused. Priscilla opened Bruno's cage and he rushed out and to 
me. His nose went to my pussy and nudged between my legs getting a closer sniff 
of the odor. Then Priscilla gave a light jerk on the leash and said heel and I 
followed her back to the house. Bruno was jumping all over me; running behind 
and sticking his nose between my buttocks, and constantly trying to get at my 
pussy. I could feel my juices beginning to run.
When we arrived back at the house, the four of them were sitting there waiting 
for me and there was another man besides Andre there as well.
Priscilla dropped the handle of the leash over the sprinkler head and told me to 
assume the position. I glanced at Bruno and could see that his cock was fully 
erect. Then I glanced at the man. I must have hesitated a moment too long 
because Priscilla scolded me.
"Joan, just get down there so Bruno can fuck you. Don't mind Roberto, he's an 
old friend from Miami. He's in the entertainment business and has seen just 
about everything you can imagine."
Bruno was dancing around anxiously, sticking his nose in my crotch from behind 
and growling softly telling me to get down so he could stick his cock in me.
I dropped to all fours and he quickly mounted me. I could feel his hot cock 
hitting my thigh he was so worked up. I murmured to him softly and reached down 
between my legs to grab his hot cock and point it to my waiting cunt. As soon as 
he felt my wet pussy he drove his cock all the way into me and began fucking me 
very fast. I could feel his knot hitting my cunt lips as he fucked and just 
wanted him to go deeper and fuck me so hard. He did and very quickly I felt my 
first climax begin to build and then I was cumming so hard.
"OOOOOHHHHyyyyyyeeessss, Iiimmmmmccccccuuummmiiinnnnng, IIIIIIIImmmmm 
mmmmccuuuuuummmmiiiinnnnggggg" I screamed out and Bruno was still fucking me 
hard and then I felt his cock knot spread my cunt wide and slip inside. The 
feeling was incredible. The knot was moving back and forth inside me and was 
hitting some spot that was like an electric charge each time it passed over it. 
Then I was cuummmmiiinnngggggggg again and it swept through me throwing my body 
into convulsions and in the back of my mind I knew that Bruno was cumming too. 
His hot cumm spurted inside me and spurted again and then I was cummingg without 
ending. My body was in a state of pure lust as I trembled with the feel of it 
all.
I must have been in a coma because when I finally regained my senses Bruno's 
cock was still deep inside me and he was turned around so that he faced away 
from me. Every once in a while he would try to walk away but my cunt muscles 
gripped him too tight. When he moved his body his cock and cock knot moved 
inside me and kept me in a constant delerious state. I kept cumming with these 
fantastic minor climaxes. I did not want him to pull his cock out, but finally 
the swelling went down and he slipped out of me. I could feel his juices running 
out of my quite satisfied cunt and down my thighs. I just laid down on the grass 
and dozed off.
When I revived later, Priscilla led me inside the house, my cunt dripping on the 
tile floor and into the bathroom. "Wash up and come back out when you are 
finished and leave your costume on the counter," she said to me.
I luxuriated under a hot spray for quite a while. I was reluctant to wash my 
crotch but thought I had better otherwise I would be constantly dripping Bruno's 
juices. Before I washed however I reached down and using my fingers opened my 
pussy lips and cupped my other hand under my cunt and let the remaining juices 
fill my palm. I brought my hand up and looked at MY Stud's cumm and then tilting 
my head let the cumm run down into my mouth. I used my tongue to spread the 
juice all around in my mouth so that I could fully savor my lover's taste.
When we were ready to go home, Josephine instructed me to return the following 
day and then again on Monday. She also told me that Roberto would be there as 
well and that I should be prepared to fuck him after Bruno was finished with me.
As we were driving home, I was in a state of constant reverie my mind not 
leaving how good it felt when the dog was eating my pussy and then the feel of 
Bruno's cock and cock knot inside me.
Just before we reached my house, Priscilla talked to me: "Look, I know that you 
feel like you only want to be fucked by Bruno, but remember what you were three 
weeks ago. 'You cannot say NO to any man who wants to fuck you.' If you just 
remember that then everything will go smoothly from here on out. You are just 
about at the point we want you to be."
"What do you mean?"
"Not now," she answered, "You will learn more of what this is all about next 
week sometime."


Friday was a repeat of Thursday except that when Bruno and I had finished 
fucking and before I showered, Roberto fucked me in Priscilla's bedroom. He had 
a larger than usual cock size but it was not as fulfilling as being fucked by 
Bruno. I did get excited and responded passionatly to his fucking because he was 
very good at it. I am just glad he did not want me to suck his cock first. 
Fortunately he was hard as steel from watching me and Bruno.
On Monday the four women were there, as was Roberto and another man. I was glad 
I was wearing my costume because these new people would not be able to see my 
face and thus would not be able to identify me if we were introduced sometime in 
the future.
Josephine again used the honey and again my pussy was eaten with the same level 
of satisfaction as before. When it came time for Bruno, Mona and I walked out to 
the kennels however, this time I was on the leash and required to walk on all 
fours. Mona did not even use the dog musk this time and it obviously wasn't 
needed. No sooner did Bruno see me than he had an instant errection. When Mona 
let him out of the kennel he tried to mount me right away. Mona clipped a leash 
on his collar and then walked us both back to others. Bruno constantly tried to 
get around her back to me but Mona firmly kept him under control even though he 
growled at her softly.
"Next time you go get him," Mona said to Priscilla, "I had all I could do to 
keep him from fucking her back there and then all the way here."
Priscilla told her to loop my leash over the sprinkler head and to drop Bruno's 
leash over another one. This kept us apart so that only our heads came close 
together. Bruno started licking my face and then we were kissing and I was 
sucking his tongue. I could feel the heat building in my loins and the moisture 
begin to drip down my thighs. I tried to swing my body around so that Bruno 
could mount me but even though he tried we just could not get close enough 
together for him to mount and fuck me. He began barking and yapping and dancing 
on his hind legs; his magnificent hard cock fully exposed and swinging wantingly 
under his belly. I wanted to reach out to him but he was moving in too great a 
frenzy to get to me and fuck me.
"Look at them," Josephine commented to the two men, "they are going crazy with 
lust wanting to fuck each other. Have you ever seen anything like that before?"
"No," replied Roberto, "I never have. That sight would excite almost any man 
even a crowd of men."
"OK Priscilla," Josephine said, "Let the dog at his bitch he is horny enough 
now."
With that, Priscilla unclipped his leash letting him run free. He immediately 
ran around behind me and his nose went to my crotch. His tongue licked out once 
or twice and then he quickly mounted me. My hand was waiting to grasp him and 
place him at my cunt but he was now familiar enough with my body that he did not 
need my help. His cock slid deep inside me; all the way. I felt the smallness of 
his knot before it began to swell up as it slipped inside. Then he was fucking 
me and all I could do was call out my joy.
"OHHHHHYYYYYYYEEESSSS FFFFUUUUUCCCCKKKK MMEEEEE FUUUUCCCCKKKKKKK 
MMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEE."
And he was and I immediately had a climax and then I was throwing my hips back 
against him to increases his deepenes inside me and I felt the knot getting 
bigger and bigger and then it was rubbing back and forth inside me as it swelled 
up so that it felt like an apple inside and I was beside myself with lust 
wanting only to have his cock fucking me just as it was doing and I must have 
lost my senses because my mind was completely filled with the feeling of that 
cock driving in and out of me. I must have been in a continuous state of 
cummmiiinnngggggg because I was not aware of any of my surroundings just his hot 
hard long cock inside me. Then I felt him going deeper than ever before and his 
cock head was hitting against my cervix and then his cock head was inside and 
with that I screamed as I came and felt him beging to pulse and fill my womb 
with his hot cummm.
OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH YYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE SSSSS IIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTT 
SSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHEEEEEEERRRRREEEEEEE HHEEEEEESSSFFFIIILLLLLLLIIINNNGGG MMYYYY 
CCCCCUUUUNNNNNTTTT WWWWIIIITTTTHHHHHHHIIIII SSSSSSSHHHHHOOOOOOOTTTTTTT 
CCCCCCUUUUUMMMM. IIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMM CCCCCCCCCUUUUUMMMMMMIIIINNNNGG.
With that I must have passed into a state of coma. I must have remained on my 
hands and knees but I was unconscious because when I regained a semblance of my 
sanity we were still locked together and with his occassional hip movements I 
was constantly receiving small shocks throughout my body. We must have stayed 
like that for fifteen or twenty minutes. I was gradually regaining my senses and 
heard snatches of a conversation going on between Josepine and Roberto.
"This Friday... Yess, that price is acceptable... A room in the hotel... both 
dogs... OK that's agreeable."
I just couldn't bring my mind into focus enough to grasp what they were talking 
about.
Sometime later, I found myself in the Master bedroom aware that I had just been 
fucked by both men and they each had big cocks. My poor pussy was a trifle sore 
from the dogs nose in my cunt and then the big knot in Bruno's cock and then the 
big cocks of the men.
Josephine rode home with me and Mona in the van and talked to me very soothingly 
all the way home. Before parting she instructed me to come to the vicarage the 
following morning about ten, that she had something to show me and we had 
somethings to talk about.
That night I was a bit too tender to enjoy having sex with Tom.




Enslaved: Chapter 12


I dressed in my flowered summer frock. The blue very nicely matched the color of 
my eyes. As usual I had not put on either a bra or panties. It felt so good to 
be nude under that lite weight cotton dress. As I walked over to the vicarage I 
could feel my nipples hardening from the intense feel of their rubbing against 
the cotton fabric. When that sensation built in me I could not help but think of 
Bruno and the other dog which I now knew was named Max. I began to moisten 
between my legs and I could feel the dew on my upper thighs as they brushed 
against each other. As the swelling of my pussy lips increased my hips began to 
sway as I subconsciously' tried to bring myself to a climax. I had to shake my 
head to break out of the revery I felt myself dropping into. Here I was walking 
down the street thinking of having my cunt eaten and then fucked and if I wasn't 
careful I was going to walk right into an intersection and get clobbered by a 
car or truck.
When I arrived at Josephine's and knocked on the door I realized I was the first 
one there. Josephine was wearing a smock that came to just below her crotch. She 
hurried me inside and then into her bedroom stripping the smock off as she 
moved. I realized what was going to happen and glancing at her I thought to 
myself that she had a very attractive body; her hips were in proportion to her 
back and shoulders and there was no fat at the waist. She had reasonably long 
legs and they were slender but well formed in the thigh and calf. She turned and 
sat on the edge of the bed spreading her legs. "Come, Sit". I dropped to a sit 
position in front of her, responding reflexively.
"Come kiss me on the lips." I leaned forward and kissed her on the lips and our 
mouths opened and our tongues met and toyed with each other; our passions 
mounted. I felt myself getting much wetter than before.
"Take off your dress," she ordered.
I stripped quickly as she laid back on the bed and scooted up. Her arms opened 
and she beckoned me to come to her. I moved onto the bed and into her arms and 
then, our naked bodies held close, we kissed again and our hands moved over each 
others backs and then my mouth left hers and moved down to her breasts. I licked 
her breast and then her nipple before I took it into my mouth and began to 
suckle. My hand slid down her body and between her legs and found the hot wet 
center of her being.
"Ohhh Yessss," she murmured, "Bite my nipple, bite it, now suck on it."
I did as she wanted and found my lust rising. I pulled my mouth away from her 
tit and kissed her and then returned momentarily to her nipple and then my lips 
made their way down her body. My tongue probed her navel, and then continued 
down to her shaved pussy. By this time her hips were moving up and down in 
anticipation of what was to come. I shifted my body so that I was between her 
legs and my fingers found her cunt lips and softly spread them and my mouth 
engulfed her. My tongue licked up and down and then slid inside. I fucked her 
with my tongue for several minutes until she was muttering incoherently; she was 
filled with lust as was I. Then my tongue slid out and brushed back and forth 
over her clit once or twice which brought whimpers from her mouth. Her hands 
sought and found my head and directed my movements.
"Do what you did the other day. Lick my cunt... Lick my clit... Tongue my 
anus... Tongue my anus again."
I did what she wanted my tongue moving up and down wetting her entire crotch 
from her asshole to her clit with the juices of my mouth. Then I reached her 
anus and gently pressed the tip of my tongue against her brown spot and she 
cried out.
OhhhhhhhhhhhYesssssssssOhhhhhYessssOhhhhMyyyyyGodddddddYesssss."
I felt an aura of power sweep through me. For the first time I felt in control 
of events and in control of her. My tongue resumed its motions and I again 
returned and pressed it against her hot spot. This time I felt it relax a bit 
and I stopped and continued my licking of her pussy and tongueing inside her 
cunt.
"NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODOOOOOIIIIITTTTTTTTONGUEM... M,, MY ASSSSSS, Doooo 
Iiiitttttttt."
I smiled to myself as I returned to her anus and this timed I pressed harder and 
I felt her begin to spread open. I kept my tongue there applying the pressure 
firmly but not pressing any harder, just keeping her open a little as her hips 
thrashed about and her hands held my head trying to force me to go deeper.
"P... P... Pleeeaaaassseeee do it, fuck my ass with your tongue. Ohhhhhhhh 
GoddddPllleeeeaaaase."
I pushed into her a little further and then made my tongue shift pressure from 
side to side and then around her now widening opening. Then I withdrew and 
returned to her cunt. She kept pleading for me to do it to her. Finally I 
returned applying pressure with my tongue rolled tightly and it slid inside her 
ass. I moved my hand and as she had raised her hips to give me better access I 
pressed her legs back with one forearm and then slid two fingers into her 
soaking wet cunt. My tongue began an in and out motion as I slowly began to 
tongue fuck her ass. My fingers began to fuck her and I could feel the 
contractions of her cunt muscles as they clasped and unclasped my fingers in 
reponse to the rhythm of my tongue probing inside her. She was crying out her 
need for me to bring her to completion. It gave me the most awesome feeling of 
power, more than I had felt in a long time. I could sense that she was building 
up to a very strong climax so I quickly stopped and while she cried out for me 
to not stop I shifted position. Now as I returned to my ministrations, I slowly 
settled my cunt down on her face and waited to see her reaction. She mumbled 
"Nooo... Noooo." At that I slowed down my movements almost stopping and then she 
was crying out "DonnntttttStopppDonnnntttt." With that I lowered my cunt until 
it was resting on her lips and then momentarily stopped all action. She grunted 
in surrender and I felt her tongue move to my cunt and then my clit. I timed my 
actions on her with the rhythm of her tongue on me and as I gradually 
accelerated she responded in kind and then I heard her crying out, muttering 
with my cunt covering her face, 
"NowwwwwwwNowwwwwDOOOOOOOITTTTTTTTNOOOWWWWWWWWW."
I knew this was a surender of kinds and it resulted in my cummiinnggg quickly. 
Not a massive climax but a cumm nevertheless. I felt my cunt close on her tongue 
and my juices start to run. I continued tongue fucking her even though I knew 
she was cummminngg I wanted her to continue with her cumm and then repeat again 
and again.
"OhhhhhmmmyyyygodddddddI have never felt anything like that in my life, it was 
soo fantastic." she cried out as tears ran down her cheeks.
She grasped my body and turned me and then she was kissing my face and then her 
tongue found my mouth and finally she was sucking my tongue while she held my 
face in her hands. The taste of my own cumm was sweet as was the feeling of 
power.
When the others arrived we had washed and I had donned my dress and she had 
chosen a brightly colored dress. Her face was beaming as she ushered Mona, 
Gloria and Priscilla into the living room.
We chatted about a number of things as Josephine made coffee and served Danish 
pastries in the dining room. When she called us we all rose and took seats 
around the dining room table. The conversation continued on very mundane matters 
for another few minutes until Priscilla spoke up.
"Look, let's get down to why we are here with Joan today."
Josephine and the others were a little startled by her tone as was I. Then 
Priscilla continued. The tone of her voice was very strong and somewhat 
commanding as she spoke.
"Joan. you remember the other day when we had Roberto at the farm and then on 
the next day, the other guy. Incidentally, his name is Carlos. Their last names 
do not matter for now." she said, and then continued speaking.
"Roberto has an entertainment business in Ft. Lauderdale, Carlos is his Sales 
Manager. This business caters to conventions and to a number of corporate sales 
meetings. We have agreed that this Friday you and Bruno and Max will put on a 
special performance for about 100 Japanese men who are there on a convention. 
Don't even think about refusing to do this because we have a two hour tape that 
has been edited and put together of the good times you have had with the dogs 
and with Roberto and others. It has been professionaly edited so that you come 
across as a seasoned and professional dog slut. That tape will be sent to your 
family and your mother and father and in-laws unless you do exactly what you are 
told."
I sat their stunned. I had always known that there was a reason for what they 
were doing to me but I had never thought it would be this. I know my jaw was 
hanging open as I began a stuttering response.
"But... but... i... c c c can't... d d do t t that." I said as the tears 
streamed down my face, "w w what i i f I am r r recognized?"
'There is no chance of that with your costume. Even your husband wouldn't 
recognize you with the mask covering most of your face." she replied. "Now stop 
uour blubbering and realize you have no choice in this matter. This is really an 
audition to see how well the audience responds to this type show. If the 
response is good then you will be doing more of them. If you hesitate in any way 
then your access to Bruno and Max will be cut off right now. Would you like that 
to happen?"
"N n n ooo, no, you can't do that to me after all this."
"We can and will if you don't comply with our wishes." Gloria interjected.
"Now if you would like to see Bruno and Max today you had better accept that 
this is going to happen. I know that Bruno is waiting for you at the farm 
because I told him you were coming today and he got all excited in anticipation. 
His cock got so hard so fast that it is obvious that he considers you his bitch 
and knows your name and will throw you a really sensational fuck this 
afternoon." Priscilla said.
I couldn't help myself. I felt myself becoming stimulated at the thought of 
Bruno's cock hard and waiting for me. I finally acceded to them and said I would 
do it this Friday.
I had been driven to the farm everyday but today, Friday. Each time we arrived 
Priscilla let first Max and then Bruno loose and they had raced to get to me 
even before I had time to remove my clothes and put on the costume. On Wednesday 
and Thursday we had stayed at the farm long enough for Bruno to fuck me twice 
the first day and three times yesterday. It was amazing how quickly and 
anxiously he recovered from each fuck session. I couldn't believe that I could 
collapse on the grass after each fuck and then fifteen or twenty minutes later 
be wagging my tail trying to get him excited again. He really did not need much 
encouragement and I could not believe how I lusted for his hot big cock inside 
me and how I would throw my body back to meet his thrusts and vocally urge him 
to fuck me deeper and harder.
Josephine picked me up at six that evening and we drove down to Ft. Lauderdale 
in relative quiet, not saying much to each other. My stomach was fluttering with 
nerves trying to imagine what this was going to be like. Would I have the nerve 
to go through with it. Performing for Andre and then Roberto and his associate 
had been one thing but the thought of 100 men watching me get dog fucked would 
have been unimagineable a week ago, but here I was on my way to my first 
performance, my preview of things to come. Josephine said that Priscilla and 
Gloria were bringing the dogs down in a separate van because all of us 
travelling together might provoke the dogs too much.
"After all," Josephine commented, "Bruno gets a hardon as soon as he sees you 
now. We can't have him travelling with that big hard cock sticking out ready to 
fuck his bitch the whole time can we?"
I nodded my head in somewhat of a daze as I thought of that happening, and the 
picture appeared in my mind of what his beautiful cock looked like. Her words 
brought an immediate response from my pussy. I knew that if Bruno had been in 
the van I would have been on all fours in a shot waiting for him to fuck me. I 
was really becoming a dog slut, a dogs bitch.
We drove up to the rear of an industrial building. nice, but still an industrial 
building. We entered through a dimly lighted door and went up a short flight of 
stairs and into a very luxuriously decorated room. My costume was draped over a 
day bed and the lighting was soft, very relaxing. It was nearing ten o'clock and 
Josephine told me to strip and get into my costume. I did and then the 
butterflies commenced in my stomach. Dressed, I laid down on the day bed being 
careful about my tail and tried to relax. Relaxing was impossible, I got up and 
started pacing back and forth. With that, Josephine came back into the room and 
seeing my nervous state came over to me and attached a leash to my collar. She 
sat down and pulling on the leash she brought me in front of her and then she 
told me to "Sit".
"Obviously we have to keep you occupied for a little while yet," she said as she 
pulled her dress up showing her naked cunt, "You know what to do, do it the same 
as the other day."
A slight tug on the leash brought my head forward and then my hands were on her 
thighs spreading and stroking them. My head moved forward and my lips felt hers. 
She was already wet and swollen in just those few seconds. I knew what she 
wanted so I began to lick her cunt lips and then flicked my tongue over her 
clit. She moaned and then she said to me.
"You know what I want, what I need, do it the same way now."
My tongue started to move lower with each stroke until the tip was touching her 
anus.
Ohhhhyeeeessssss, thaaaatssssi i i it," she stuttered out to me, "Stick your 
tongue inside, go ahead stick your tongue inside my ass."
I continued licking and with each stroke stopped and applied a little more 
pressure against her nether hole. She moaned as she slowly opened to me. Then I 
brought my head into position and slid my tongue inside her and began twisting 
and turning and in and out which she so badly wanted. Again I felt that surge of 
power over her. I felt that she was becoming addicted to the sensation and 
reveled in the feelings it engendered in me.
Then she was cummminng and she was crying out. I felt her sphincter clutching at 
my tongue as I slid it in and out. I felt her partial collapse as she finished 
her second cumm and I slowly twisted my tongue drawing a moan from her and then 
withdrew it. I sat back on my haunches and her eyes slowly opened and that broad 
smile appeared on her face.
"Ohhhgoddddd yooouuurrrr soooogooodddforrrmeee," She murmured and leaning 
forward took my head in her hands and first gently scratched behind my ears and 
then began to stroke my head and face. All the while she murmured to me just as 
you would to a dog to make them feel contented and loved. And it worked, the 
butterflies were gone from my stomach even though I could feel my swollen 
vaginal lips and knew they were aching for Max and Bruno. Now, I couldn't wait 
to get out on the stage and pretend I was performing while I got what I wanted; 
a good cunt licking and then a fantastic fuck from MY stud Bruno.
We were in a small alcove off the stage when I was told to "Sit" and then 
"Down". I dropped to my knees and then rolled onto my side. Gloria and Josephine 
pushed me to my back and ordered me to spread my legs like a good bitch dog. I 
did and then they applied the honey to my nipples and spread my cunt lips and 
poured a generous amount into my now open cunt. Finally, they took the spoon and 
spread Honey over my lips and then I was told to open my mouth and they took the 
spoon and spread the honey over the lips of my mouth and then had me suck the 
spoon. I was told not to swallow all the honey, nor to lick it away with my 
tongue.
Gloria, dressed in a white leather outfit that contrasted strongly with her dark 
complexion and jet black hair ordered me sit and stay while she checked my 
costume and then ordering me to "Heel" led me out onto an obviously 
professionally lit stage. In the center of the stage was a large white pad. I 
was on my hands and knees with the leash attached to my collar.
As we entered the stage area, Gloria ordered me to "Heel" in a strong firm 
voice. This caused me to move closer to her thigh and keep my head in line with 
her moving knee. When we were on the center of the pad she looked down at me and 
jerking the leash told me to "Stay". She walked in front of me and gave the hand 
signal to sit which I did. Next she ordered me vocally to "Down". Then she 
ordered, "Roll Over" which meant onto my back. I did so. Then she fastened the 
end of the leash to a strip of leather near my head on the pad. "Stay" she 
ordered and I obediently laid there on my back. I glanced to the side and 
although I could hear the murmur of rather high pitched voices I could see 
nothing because of the placement of the lights and the lack of light in the 
audience area. I knew I was the center of the conversation and attention of the 
crowd. I wondered how many people were out there.
Priscilla entered leading Max on a short leash. As he caught sight of me he 
began to leap around and whimper in his anxiety to get to me. He could probably 
smell the honey and in any event knew his cock was going to be sucked. Priscilla 
positioned him standing behind my head so that I had to look up to see him. I 
could hear him whimpering with excitement. Priscilla eased up on the leash and 
he quickly stepped forward and began to lick my lips. My hands came up and 
grasped his head and my mouth opened to his tongue. The murmuring of the crowd 
increased as they saw me begin to work my tongue around his and then him sliding 
his tongue into my mouth to french kiss me. I could tell when he had licked out 
most of the honey because his tongue tried to probe deeper into my mouth, back 
to the entrance to my throat. I slid my hands down his neck and to his chest 
just behind his front legs and urged him forward. He shifted his legs and 
partially straddled me and then his mouth found my nipples and his rough tongue 
began to lick the honey from my nipple. I heard myself groan out loud as my 
nipples hardened fron his tongue. I felt my hips begin to shift a little up and 
down. My lust was taking control and my hips began a small fucking motion. I 
could hardly wait for him to finish with my tits and move down to my cunt. I 
could feel the juices oozing out of me.
As he switched from one now clean nipple to the other I slid my hand down along 
his flank and then under his belly and found his cock. It was hard and hot with 
the sheath drawn all the way back. Then he cleaned off the second nipple and I 
urged him lower to my crotch. He shifted again and then his forelegs straddled 
my waist as his tongue began their work on the area around my cunt and then they 
found my swollen wet cunt lips and his tongue slid over my clit. I groaned out 
loud and heard my voice urging him on.
"OhhhMaxxxx, LiiiccckkkkmeeeeethhhhaaattsssriiiiggghhtttliiiccckkkmeeeEEEEE." 
Maaaaxxxxxxxxxxeeeeaaaaattmyyyyyyyycccuuuuunnnnntttttttt."
Without further thought I wanted to reciprocate and give him pleasure too. My 
hand reached up and took his cock which was now directly over my face and gently 
tipped it down to my lips. My tongue slipped out and licked around the head and 
then I moved my head and took his cock into my mouth.
I heard loud murmurs and exclamations from the crowd and felt pleased to be 
giving them pleasure with my performance. My head began to move up and down 
taking more of his big cock into my mouth with each upward thrust of my head. My 
tongue was constantly licking his cock as it slid in and out of my mouth and I 
kept tasting the pre-cum leaking out of his cock and it tasted so good and 
sweet. Then I realized my hips were jerking madly in reponse to his tongue on my 
cunt lips and clit and then his tongue began to slide into my hot pussy. I 
thrust my hips up harder trying to get him to stick his hairy snout into my open 
cunt. He wasn't ready for that, his tongue was still finding honey where it 
could reach. Then I felt his nose begin to spread my cunt open and his nose hair 
was rubbing against my clit and I was muttering around his cock for him to go 
deeper, go deeper.
I felt my hips slamming up and down as he nose fucked me. I took more and more 
of his hot cock into my mouth and then his cock knot was striking against my 
lips and I kept my mouth closed and tight around his cock as he fucked it into 
me because I did not want his knot to get behind my teeth. It would hurt him and 
then it would be fifteen or twenty minutes before he softened enough to get his 
cock out of my mouth. All that time his long hard cock would be lodged deep in 
my mouth and into my throat which it was already penetrating slightly. I became 
more gentle with my sucking because I did not want him cumming until he brought 
me to a climax. I could feel the wide part of his nose spreading me wide and his 
tongue working deep inside me. 'My god' I said to myself, 'his tongue has to be 
licking my cervix it's so deep into me.'
Then I felt it. I felt my stomach first tighten and then the tremors begin and I 
knew I was about to cumm, I knew he was about to lick me to a climax. I couldn't 
keep my hips from slamming onto his nose and letting his hair scratch against my 
clit. It began, my stomach quivered and then my cunt pulsed as I came.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhooooooooohhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuugggggghhhhhhhhhhhhyyyyyeeeee 
ttttthhhhhhhh" I screamed around the cock in my mouth and then felt the final 
movements of his thrusting hips and knew he was about to flood my mouth and 
throat with his cummiinnggg. And then it happened all at once to both of us. 
Both of my hands grabbed his hips as I thrust my head up and took all of his 
cock up to the knot into my mouth and felt the first pulsations as he spurted 
his cumm into my mouth and throat. My hips and thighs were quivering as they 
held tense with my hips in the air and his nose deep inside me and the cumming 
caused my whole lower body to spasm with the strength of it all.
I collapsed onto the pad and felt myself continuing to swallow his juices. The 
crowd applauded the two of us and I laid there my head to the side with some of 
his cumm leaking out of the side of my mouth. I was barely able to turn my head 
to glance at him and when I did I saw his whole muzzle area slick and shiny with 
my juices. He stood there for a few moments his head high and his chest thrust 
out as if he was the king of the hill and deserved all the applause. I glimpsed 
Priscilla walk up to him and clip his leash to his collar and then lead him off 
stage. I laid there trying to compose myself but really waiting in anticipation 
of what was going to happen with MY stud Bruno next.
I caught a glimpse of Gloria in her white leather outfit walk on stage and to 
the front where the audience was.
"Have you liked the show so far?" She asked them.
The applause was almost deafening as were the shouts of "Encore, Encore."
"You think that was worth a thousand dollars apiece?" she asked again.
They screamed out their agreement and delight with the show.
"Well just keep your pants on," she said, "that's only half the show, the second 
half starts in about sixty seconds, just as soon as I can get off the stage."
She turned and walked off the stage.




Enslaved: Chapter 13


Priscilla entered with Bruno. She kept him at the heel, much to his 
dissatisfaction. I could already see his hard and fully erect cock hanging below 
his belly and felt the quivers start in my stomach. Here he was MY stud and 
ready to please me, to fuck me silly with his beautiful big cock and lovely 
thick cock knot.
I could hardly lay still waiting for a command from Priscilla that would begin 
the second part of the performance; the part I really lusted for.
Priscilla stood at my feet, Bruno held on a tight leash even though he was 
desperate to be freed to get to me, and told me to "Sit." I did so, raising up 
so that my hands were on the pad and I was sitting on my legs. I could feel my 
juices streaming out of me in expectation of what was coming next.
"Up", she said, and then "Turn Around." I did and then I was facing away from 
her and Bruno.
She didn't say anything and I was quivering in anticipation of Bruno mounting 
me. Then she must have eased up on the leash because I felt Bruno's cold nose 
against my upper thigh and then his tongue licked me several times. She brought 
him around to my head and he licked my face and whimpered. He was just as 
frustrated by the delay as was I. Then she moved and reaching down unclipped his 
leash and she walked off the stage.
I turned my head to the side and down and my tongue licked out and caressed his 
cock for a moment and then he gave a quick short bark and moved behind me. I 
sensed him rising on his hind legs to mount me and then his weight was there on 
my hips and back and his hot cock was brushing against my thighs as he tried for 
insertion. I reached between my legs and grasped him and then rubbed the head of 
his cock across my wet swollen pussy lips several times and then moved him into 
position. He needed no further help; he could feel my hot, open, wet cunt 
waiting for him and he thrust home. His entire length slid into me and I groaned 
out with the pleasure I felt.
"OOOOOOOOOHHHyeeeeesssssssssBrrruuunnnnoooooFFFUUUCCCCKKKKKKMMMMMEEEEE." I 
screamed out. I wanted his beautiful cock so much, I wanted him to fuck me and 
show this crowd what a real slut bitch dog I was.
The crowd began to chatter and voice their enthusiasm. I heard men shouting out.
"Yes, Yes, FUCK HER, FUCK HER."
He began his strong humnping movements and I automatically began thrusting my 
hips back to meet him, murmuring encouragement to him to really fuck me hard and 
fast and deeper and deeper. I could feel him responding to my words and to the 
excitement of the crowd. His strokes really began to go deeper and then his knot 
was pounding against my fully engorged cunt lips and then he was forcing his 
knot inside. His thrusts became more forceful and then as he slid inside me I 
felt his cock head beating against my cervix and then he was again sliding into 
my womb. His cock head was spreading my womb open and his cock knot was rubbing 
back and forth over that incredibly sensitive spot inside my cunt and I was 
cummingg almost immediately and I knew that he would last long enough to give me 
two or three orgasms.
"OhhhhyeeesssssBruuunnnooooofuuuccckkmmeeeedeeepeerr thatsssss righhttt 
myyyyyyloooovvvveeeerrfffuuuucccckkkmmmmeeeeeFUUUUCCCCKKKKKMEEEEEEEEE."
The crowd was going wild they were raised to a level of lust as strong as my own 
and at that moment I felt like a star a big star yet still the bitch dog of my 
Bruno. I just wanted this to go on and on, and then I was cummmiiinnngggg and I 
screamed out my joy and then I screamed again and it seemed like this 
cummminnnggg would never end it just grew stronger and stronger. My whole body 
was shaking and trembling as my cunt muscles clasped and re-clasped his 
beautiful cock and he kept fucking and fucking me and then I don't remember 
anything for some time and when I came back to consciousness he was still 
fucking me and I returned to fucking back against his cock. I had never felt 
this before this wanting for it to go on and on and the cummiinnngggg never 
seemed to stop, it kept returning and returning until I felt him shooting his 
load of hot juices deep inside my womb behind my cervix and I felt like I wanted 
him to impregnate me. Then as he held me tight and I felt his cock pulsing 
inside me as he came and I began to calm down a little. The spasms in my body 
eased off and I felt so tired and so satisfied. I felt his legs around my body 
as they eased their grip and then he dropped off me to one side and then forced 
one of his legs over my back and we were stuck together, back to back. I knew 
what was about to happen. Each time his body moved to pull out of me that knot 
rubbed across that special spot and each time it happened I had another small 
climax. My body kept trembling with the thrill of it as the sweat fell off my 
body. My head was hanging down and I could see the drops of sweat falling off my 
nipples and then further down some of his cumm starting to ooze out of me and 
run down my thighs. I felt so fulfilled and satisfied. I wanted to fall down and 
sleep, contented, and well fucked, as they say. Finally, after some period of 
time, I felt Bruno's cock slip out of me and another round of applause and 
screams from the audience. I had been in such a state of mind that I hadn't 
heard what happened when we had both cumm. I had just heard an increase in the 
noise level but had not really been aware of what was happening. I could sense 
from the tone of the voices that they had been just as excited by my enthusiasm 
and love for his cock as they had been just from the sight of a woman being 
fucked by a dog.
The lights on the stage were turned off and I lay there for several minutes 
recovering from the passion of my fuck before I made a movement to rise and 
found that my legs were weak. Josephine came over and helped me to my feet. She 
just whispered words of approval and praise for my performance. She led me back 
to the small room where I had waited at the beginning of the evening. She helped 
me lay down and said rest awhile and then we'll clean you up before we go 
upstairs. I wasn't really paying to much attention to her words, I just wanted 
to lay down and remember how good Bruno's cock had felt fucking me while I 
recovered some of my energy.
I must have fallen asleep because I awakened when the light was turned on next 
to the bed. It was Gloria and she handed me a glass of something, saying "Here, 
drink this it will help you recover and get some energy back."
I started to sip and she said "No, drink it down fast and replenish the liquid 
you lost up there under those hot lights."
I took several big mouthfuls and felt the coolness in my mouth and then sliding 
down my throat. I finished that glassful quickly and then she handed me another. 
I drank most of that down and then started sipping the remainder. It had a 
peculiar flavor to it and when I asked Gloria about it she just commented that 
it was like "Gatorade" meant to give the body strength and vigor. I couldn't 
place the flavor but I seemed to remember it from someplace I just couldn't 
recollect where.
In just a few minutes I felt quite refreshed and even had the beginnings of a 
lusty feeling in my stomach. Gloria helped me remove the costume and into the 
shower where I cleaned myself off. When my hands moved between my legs I felt my 
body lurch with the beginning of desire. I brushed it off as just a feeling left 
over from that glorious fuck. My mind went to Bruno, and of course Max, and the 
pleasure I had received and given.
Gloria came into the bath area with my costume and told me to put it on. and 
handed me another glass of that delicious, reviving drink, whatever it was."
"Why? We are through for the evening." I asked, as I drank the whole glassful.
"Well," she replied, "The big bosses of the convention want to meet you and I 
know you don't want them see who you are in case they run into you somewhere. 
Incidentally, put this thong panty on so you retain a little modesty out there"
"Ok," I sighed, "But, is this necessary?"
"Well they really enjoyed this evening and it will really help Roberto to build 
his business." she said.
Well I donned the costume and she clipped the leash to my collar and led me out 
of the room. I was beginning to feel a bit lightheaded.
We walked up a flight of stairs and paused before a door.
"Let's keep up the picture of the evening." Gloria said. "Sit."
"Oh OK." I murmured, "It's fun anyway and I might as well play the bitch dog for 
them."
I dropped to a sit and then I rose up onto all fours and assumed a "Heel" 
postion as we entered the room. There were about ten men in there and another 
lighted padded area in the center of the room. There were rather luxurious 
leather chairs set up in a semicircle around perimeter of the pad.
Gloria led me around the room to each of the men and had me sit in front of each 
and then had them stroke my head and scratch me behind the ears Then she told me 
to lick their hands. By this time I was enjoying the situation and felt like a 
regular bitch and did as she ordered. Then she took me to the center of the pad 
and told me to "Sit" and then "Stay".
She reached down and ordering me to all fours she tied the leash to a metal hook 
sticking out of the middle of the pad. I tried to figure out what was going on 
but couldn't and just decided to continue in my role of a bitch for them. 
Actually, I could feel myself getting slightly aroused by what was happening. I 
noticed that Priscilla and Josephine were talking to Roberto and his partner and 
two of the Japanese men. From what I could distinguish from their words (what I 
could hear over the other conversation) they were discussing money. I wondered 
what that was all about as I stayed there on the pad on all fours. All I knew 
was that I could feel a need for cock building in my stomach and loins. I was 
glancing around at the gathering and then saw Priscilla walk behind me and out 
of the room. I wondered where she was going, but my attention wandered and I 
began to think about how good Bruno's cock had felt as he fucked me. I felt my 
hips begin to move a bit as I remembered the thrusting of his hips as he drove 
his cock into me. That was when it came to me I wanted to be fucked again. I 
reached down with one hand and started to rub my clit but Josephine walked over 
and told me to stop.
"If you have an itch down there we'll take care of it in a bit."
I wanted to scratch the itch so badly that I kept my eyes on her waiting for 
some sign that she understood my need fully. I was concentrating so fully upon 
her that I did not hear Priscilla re-enter the room. I did hear some strange 
sounds of scratching on the wooden floor of the room. Then Priscilla came into 
view and she was leading a huge dog. I knew at once it was the Grand Pyrenees 
that I had seen at her kennel but had never been introduced to. The big dog had 
been groomed and his side hair thinned out and cut in such a way that you could 
see his cock hanging down. He was huge and it was still in its hairy sheath. 
Despite myself and my feelings for Bruno I couldn't help but wonder what it 
would be like to be fucked by that monster. I felt myself getting very wet the 
lust was building again.
She ordered the dog to sit. It sat at her side and I could see directly into the 
dogs crotch. 'Jesus', I said to myself, 'How big does that thing get when it's 
hot and hard.?" I looked at the full dog figured it must weigh 150 to 180 pounds 
if not more.
I felt movement behind me and turning my head I saw Gloria. She moved next to me 
and shifted my position so I was broadside to the semicircle of chairs. This 
pulled the leash a little tighter around my throat and prevented me from looking 
over my shoulder at what she was doing. I felt her hand on one ankle and she 
shifted my left leg a little further to the left and I felt something tied 
around my ankle. She did the same with my right leg. There I was with my legs 
spread wide, fortunately my cunt was still covered by the thong. She moved from 
my sight again and then she reappeared with a padded stool which she tried to 
place under my stomach but, the way I was relaxed made her tell me to lift up a 
little bit and then she slid the stool under my stomach. It felt good it 
afforded me the opportunity to relax and I let my body sag down onto the stool. 
I actually felt like I could go to sleep there. I was still feeling light headed 
in fact even more so than before and yet I felt my pussy becoming engorged and 
my lips swelling. There was an excitement building inside me and I did not 
understand why.
The men began to take seats in the semi-circle around the pad and Priscilla 
brought the Pyrenese over to me and said,
"This is King. I named him that because he is the King, the biggest of the dogs 
at the kennel. He is bigger in all ways and I want you to be nice to him by 
sucking his cock for him and me."
I lifted my head trying to look in her face, but couldn't get it high enough. 
Instead, the motion brought my head up enough that Priscilla said,
"That's right, that's what I want."
She moved the dog forward and he knew what to do immediately, He rose up on his 
rear legs and moved forward and placed his forepaws on the sides of the stool. 
That brought his cock right to my face. It looked huge and lovely. I reached up 
a hand and grasped that big cock. My hand just circled it and positioning it in 
front of me my tongue snaked out and licked the red tip that was just beginning 
to show at the end of the sheath. My tongue caressed the tip and more cock began 
to show. I pursed my lips and circled the head of his cock and gently sucked the 
red part into my mouth. His hips began a small lurching motion as he tried to 
push more of his cock into my mouth. He understood that he could fuck my mouth 
then. More of his cock became available to me and as I sucked and moved my head 
he moved his hips and his cock moved deeper and deeper into my mouth. Then his 
cock head was touching the back of my throat. I looked down the length of his 
cock and was amazed at how much of it there was and then I saw this peach sized 
knot at the base and then another couple of inches of cock behind it. There he 
was, he was touching the back of my throat and I had about half the length in my 
mouth. I held it with both hands and felt the heat.
Hands were touching my hips and then I felt something cold, it must have been 
either a knife or scissors because all of a sudden I I felt the thong fall away 
and leave my cunt bare. I smelled the same musky smell that had been there the 
last time I had worn a thong for them. That is when I realized that monstrous 
cock was going to fuck me. I whimpered,
"No, Noooo, Ittt'sss soooo biggggg."
As I whimpered with anxiety I knew that I also wanted that cock to fuck me even 
though it was so big. I wondered if he would be able to get his knot inside me 
and how will that big bulge feel rocking back and forth in my belly.
King immediately responded to the smell of the bitch dog in heat and after one 
final surge of a continually growing cock and knot he dismounted from me and 
hustled around to my rear. His nose brushed my hot cunt lips and the coolness 
shot through me like a bolt of lightning. I felt his tongue licked across my 
swollen pussy and then disappear. I knew what was coming and when he mounted me 
and I felt his weight I knew why the stool was under my belly. I felt his cock 
against my upper thigh and tried to reach down and position him. I couldn't. The 
stool was in the way. Then felt someone's hand grab him and stroke across my wet 
pussy for lubrication and then there it was right at my cunthole. I felt his 
first tentative surges and felt myself spreading for him. I cried out for him to 
fuck me.
"Yesss, Yessss,,, that's it tthhhhaaaat''sss iiiittttt, shooooovvvvvveeee iitttt 
into me, fuuccckkkittttinnnfuuuuccckkkkiiiittttinnnntttoooo mmmyyyy 
hhhotttttttttcuuunnnnttttt."
His strokes got longer and yet that cock still kept going deeper into my cunt... 
I could feeel it so deeeep and yet it kept sinking deeper. It was so big. I 
could feel the head striking against my cervix and my cunt spread wide open and 
then his knot was pushing against my cunt lips and the head was battering 
against my cervix and I felt that beginning to open and wanted his whole cock in 
there even though it hurt but it hurt soo good.
I felt like I was going to split apart but I wanted it all. My pussy lips had 
never been spread this wide and my cervix had never felt anything like this 
since I birthed the kids. And then they were both inside and I was screaming out 
with joy and moaning my lust at the same time. I felt my womb open up at the 
same time the thickest part of his cock knot slid inside me and then I was so 
full in all parts of my cunt and womb and everything was moving back and forth 
and I could hardly catch my breath it felt so good and then I was gulping great 
drafts of air and it all came to me at the same time. I was being fucked by a 
dog with the biggest cock and knot I had ever had and my cunt was so full and 
his knot was hitting all of the right spots and then I felt hands releasing my 
ankles from the bindings and I tried to get my cunt open wider because it felt 
so good and then his knot was a couple inches inside me and I felt how my cunt 
had closed around the base of his cock and then it felt like my clit was being 
massaged from the inside while on the outside it was being rubbed by the coarse 
short hair on his belly and I was cumminggggggg
"Immmmmccccuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggg 
ddeeeaaaarrrrggggoddddddddiiimmmmmmccuummmmmmiinnnnngggggohhhhhhhhhhhhh 
shhhhhhiiiiiiitttttttiiiiimmmmmmmcccccuuuuuuummmmmmmmiiiiiinnnnnnnggggg."
And he kept on fucking me and like before with Bruno, my cuummmiinnngggg would 
not stop. Lightning was shooting through my body and I felt the spasms and the 
tremors of a continuing climx and it wouldn't stop and he wasn't stopping even 
though it was so strong I felt like I wanted it to end before I went out of my 
mind with pleasure and the pain of it and the hugeness of his cock and knot. 
Then I felt him begin to stiffen and I wanted to scream out.
"NooooNOOOOOOONOOOTTTTYEETTTTDooonnnttcummmyettt", but that was not right I 
really wanted to scream out for him to stop because I could not stand the 
pleasure, a pleasure so great.
Then I felt his red hot cumm exploding into my womb and I screamed out my 
pleasure and screamed again and again. I don't know when I stopped screaming and 
just continued to whimper at the feelings as they kept on and on and then his 
cumm was leaking out around the big knot and running like a river down my thighs 
and I knew it couldn't all be from him some had to be from me. My head dropped 
down and my open eyes saw back under the stool and between my legs and I saw the 
big pool of cumm and cunt juice forming between my legs. I looked at tit and 
really wanted someone to give me a long straw so that I could suck it up and 
taste it, I knew it would taste like ambrosia.
I have absolutely no recollection of our leaving the building and getting into 
the van with Josephine. We were almost home before I recovered enough to make 
sense of what she was talking about. She kept repeating over and over about how 
successful the night had been and how erotic my performances with the dogs had 
been. It seems the men in the audience had gone out of their minds and had 
quickly left the room to go and find their own women to fuck.
It was just before we reached my home that Josephine pulled the van over to the 
side of the road and began to talk to me.
"Look Joan," she started out, "you will soon figure out that there is some 
benefit to us in arranging this show. Well you will benefit also." She handed me 
an envelope and told me to look inside. When I did, the light from outside 
showed me the envelope was chock full of money. I looked at it closely and then 
looked at her. There was obviously a question on my face.
"There is almost $15,000 dollars in there." she explained, "Ten thousand is your 
share of the fees paid for the show and the balance is tips that were given to 
us to give to you as a show of their appreciation." As she spoke my mind went 
back to the conversation she had had with Roberto and the comment Gloria had 
made to the men asking if they thought the show had been worth their thousand 
dollars. 'Was that apiece, I asked myself.'
"Everytime we do this you will receive an equivalent sum." she went on to say. 
"We are expecting that word about your performance tonight will spread and more 
groups will want to engage our services. I would suggest that you get a safe 
deposit box to keep that money in because it is really unreported income to you 
and you will not want it to come to the attention of the IRS. Look at it this 
way, it is the beginning of a nice retirement nest egg. Now, go to bed and get a 
good weekends rest and we'll go to the farm on Monday so that we can keep Bruno 
at his peak of desire for you. We want to keep him spoiled so that he is ready 
for a hot fuck from you whenever it is necessary. OK."
I nodded my head as she re-started the van and finished the drive home. I was in 
a state of complete confusion about what was happening.




Enslaved: Chapter 14



I slept most of Saturday much to the chagrin of Tom and the kids who were 
feeling a little housebound. I sent them out and to the beach for the day. I had 
so much to think about. There had been about one hundred men there on Friday. If 
their company, or them, had been charged a thousand dollars each then the total 
receipts were ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS. I really couldn't believe the math 
so I checked my figures again and came to the same conslusion. 'So who got all 
the money? Why did I, the star of the show get only ten thousand? And what about 
the little show upstairs with King the dog with the huge cock and knot, how much 
did they pay for that little exhibition?'
I had a lot of thinking to do over the weekend before I met with Josephine and 
went to the farm to rehearse(?) with Bruno and Max.
By Monday I had thought it all out and new that I was going to have to work at 
it to get my fair share of the proceeds. I also had figured out how to get them 
to realize that while I might be a slut bitch dog for MY stud Bruno, I could 
ruin things for them. I would demonstrate on Monday how much my value was to the 
business. Meanwhile on Sunday I suggested that we wander around the mall and see 
if there were any clothes that interested us. Tom and my son of course insisted 
on going into Earth World to see the nature stuff. I sent my daughter into 
Macy's and told her I would meet her in the woman's department in half an hour. 
As soon as she was out of sight I hurried over to the pierced ear stand and 
chatted with the woman operating the place. It cost me twenty-five dollars, but 
I was able to get what I wanted and then hurried into Macy's to join my 
daughter. We managed to pick out several t-shirts and a skirt that she liked. We 
also discussed whether she was getting to the age where she needed a training 
bra but I managed to redirect her thoughts onto a different subject. We met the 
men and decided to go out for a pizza and then to see the movie The Matrix. We 
enjoyed the pizza and my husband and the kids were entranced by the graphics 
used in the movie. I sat there thinking over my game plan for tomorrow. If this 
stuff I bought didn't work as I expected it too I wasn't sure I could bring it 
off, no matter how hard I tried.
When Monday rolled around I walked over to the vicarage and taking a deep breath 
to steady my nerves knocked on the door and was greeted by Josphine. We quickly 
stripped and moved to the bedroom where we were soon in a passionate embrace. 
Then right on cue she had me between her legs crying for me to tongue fuck her 
ass. I teased her for awhile until she was in a desparate state wanting me to 
make her cumm. Once I had her to the point where she was not in control of 
herself I would pause momentarily and ask her a question about the previous 
Friday. She would gasp out an answer and then demand that I continue, and then 
beg me to continue, until finally I had enough information to satisfy me and 
then I made her cumm three times quickly. She was near a point of exhaustion 
when I was finished. I moved up on the bed beside her and we took each other in 
our arms and gently kissed and had a brief entwined nap. I was getting impatient 
to get up to the farm to put my plan into motion.
On the drive up to the farm she told me that Roberto had scheduled performances 
for the next two weeks and then skip a week and then three more. She told me 
that they had arranged for me to be fucked three weeks out of each four for the 
next five months to meet his convention schedule. I knew that things had to be 
resolved today.
No sooner had we arrived than Bruno began to bark from his kennel which was out 
of sight.
"Bruno senses you're here," Priscilla commented, "I guess he wants his delayed 
fuck, after all he hasn't had you since last Friday. Do you want to fuck him 
now, or wait until after lunch. Of course, you can always get fucked now and 
then do it again later," She said with a slightly superior smirk on her face.
I could feel that I really wanted a good hard fuck from him and told her that I 
really wanted to have him both now and later. I also said that I needed to use 
the bathroom before we fucked so I got up and left them so she could go and get 
Max and then Bruno.
As soon as I entered the bathroom and closed the door, I whipped the little tube 
out of my purse and squeezing a little bit on my finger reached in and spread 
some of the ointment on my left nipple and then on my right. Then lifting my 
skirt I squeezed a considerably larger amount out and smeared it over my clit. I 
could feel it beginning to work as I returned to the table.
We went through the whole routine with Priscilla telling me to strip and then 
the honey being applied. I was told to "Sit" and finally "Down" and "Roll Over." 
I followed the commands faithfully and could feel the ointment beginning to work 
and smiled inwardly.
Max was brought out and I rolled over on my back and he came to me and we began 
th kissing and tongueing until he had extracted all the honey from my mouth. I 
guided him to my nipples from which he began to lick away the honey. I laid 
there perfectly still, not making a sound, while he cleaned them off. I could 
here the women murmuring, wondering what was wrong, why wasn't I responding to 
Max as I usually did with great passion and a lot of moaning and urging. Then he 
moved down to my cunt and repeated his usual routine. Again he got no response 
from me. All I did was lay there and spread my legs and make my cunt available 
to him. It seemed to take forever until he had his nose inside me and that is 
when I had to exert all my willpower to not respond. I could feel my face 
getting red, but I refused to respond to his tongueing.
By this time the women were getting quite anxious and talking to each other 
quite loudly asking, "What is happening?" "What's wrong?" Then Josephine ordered 
Priscilla to take Max away and get Bruno. "We know she can't resist Bruno's cock 
and knot." she said.
Priscilla clipped a leash to Max's collar and took that poor animal away before 
I could suck his cock and give him relief. The poor boy.
Priscilla returned with Bruno who was leaping around and already had a rampant 
cock. He was very impatient to get to me. I was ordered to all fours and made 
myself ready to be mounted. Unfortunately, I could feel that the numbness from 
the novocaine was wearing off and hoped that I had the strength to not respond 
to Bruno's cock fucking me; that I could let him drill his cock into me time 
after time until he came without making a sound or moving my body to thrust back 
at him. I felt terrible, I wanted him to fuck me so desperately that I could 
feel myself getting wet, but hoped that when they looked at me they would think 
it was only the spittle from Max's tongue.
Priscilla brought Bruno to me and moved to my rear. As they passed I reached out 
and brushed my hand over his hard red cock and almost passed out with desire but 
I steeled myself to the task facing me.
It took only moments for Bruno to mount me and I automatically reached between 
my legs and positioned his cock. Again a wave of desire swept through me and I 
gritted my teeth and stiffened my body so that it would not be seen by the 
women. I was still slightly numb from the novocaine so that when Bruno thrust 
into me I did not groan out my pleasure even though it thrilled me to feel the 
pressure of his entrance. He surged into me and then began fucking me with 
mighty thrusts until once more his cock knot slipped inside. I almost groaned 
out my lust, but I bit down on the inside of my cheek so that the pain would 
override the pleasure of his cock. I could feel the sweat popping out all over 
my body with the effort involved in not reponding to his fucking. It seemed to 
take forever for him to cumm inside me and I could feel his hot spurts as he 
shot his wonderful cumm into my womb and his knot hept on rubbing back and forth 
until he was finished and then the inevitable tie came about and he slipped his 
leg over my back and we both waited patiently for him to soften and slip out. I 
wondered if he noticed my lack of response and knew that I would have to make it 
up to him later. I could hardly contain my pleasure as his body shifted and the 
knot rubbed across that special spot.
It finally happened, I felt him get sm, aller and then he pulled and his whol;e 
cock slipped out of me. I had been straining so hard to retain my composure 
while being fucked that I had become deaf to the talk of the three women. Then 
when he moved away and I had the opportunity, I turned around on all fours and 
watching the women's faces, I stood up and very calmly walked over and sat down 
with them. I could feel his cumm running down my legs but ignored it.
"Let's talk money," I said, "As I understand it you three have me pretty much 
scheduled from now for a considerable time into the future. That means that you 
and Roberto are going to be making a lot of money off my body. You have just 
seen a preview of how unresponsive I can be when I want to. If you were a bit 
dismayed at what you just saw happen, then you can imagine how Roberto will 
react when the same thing happens in front of one of his hundred man audiences."
"I imagine it will affect future business." I paused for affect and then 
continued, "From the looks of Roberto's partner, he is the one with the 
connections and this show being somewhat illicit it has to border on being 
connected with the Cuban Mafia in Miami. Now I am sure that they will show their 
displeasure with an unresponsive dog fuckee when it will probably have an affect 
upon the money they are already planning on spending. So here's the deal." At 
this point it was all bluff, but I continued anyway.
"First, I want you to understand that I really like what happens when Max and 
Bruno and even King play their games with my body. As a matter of fact I look 
forward to it and want to fuck both Bruno and King this afternoon."
"Second, After Friday night I realized that I enjoy putting on a show for an 
audience. In it's own way that is another thrill above and beyond the physical 
thrill of being dog fucked by dogs with big cocks."
"Third, As to the money. I want one-third of the gate everytime I get up there 
with the dogs. I will even occassionally do a show with both Bruno and King, if 
Bruno approves." I continued. "I don't care about the money made from the 
smaller, exclusive, show, but if anyone wants to take pictures of me with the 
dogs then I want another third of the money paid for that privilege. And if 
there is any thought of making a market from videos of me then I want a piece of 
that action as well."
"Finally, I want a copy of your existing tape of me and any future ones you 
might put together. I also want the tape you made of my husband Tom and any 
other tapes you may have made of himand you ladies."
"Now let's eat some lunch and then I want a romp with Bruno and then with King 
and I can tell you I will be responsive this time."
They looked at me with shocked expressions as they had during my entire 
discourse. So, I said to them.
"Look, Roberto and His partner are businessmen and will understand that they 
have to pay money to make money. Now we can either do this with me as a willing 
participant or an unwilling participany. And I don't want any more of this shit 
about copies to my family or my kids. Because, if that happens, then this all 
goes away, the money, the pleasure you receive from me(I looked Josephine square 
in the eyes when I said that), and from watching me mate with the dogs, because 
I can tell you do get a vicarious pleasure watching me which I don't mind at all 
now."
I had flutters in my stomach after having said all this. They had listened to me 
without uttering a sound. Now they began to mumble and stutter so I shut them 
up.
"I know you have to discuss this with your two partners, well just make him 
understand that I am the new partner and not just a paid performer. If he 
doesn't accept that fact then get someone else, after all, with the money I made 
Friday I can buy me a nice big stud dog or two. It won't be the same as making 
love with Bruno, but it will satisfy my new itch."



Epilogue
It went pretty much the way I expected. Then when I saw the tapes of Tom I 
realized I had no problems with him. In two of the tapes he and Dave were 
getting it off together with first one then the other on their knees and doing 
essentially what Bruno, King, Max and I enjoyed ourselves.


The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author: 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





