BDSM Library - Sweet Honeymoon




Sweet Honeymoon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Guy gets married to a beatuiflu wife. Little did he know she had a secret lover and he had been set up for a life of torment for their pleasure.
                              SWEET HONEYMOON

Until I got married I used to think of myself as a lucky man. I met my
wife when I was still at school at the tender age of 16 and she was 19 and
stunningly attractive. She was 5'11" tall in her stockinged feet and had
immaculate long blond hair that had a healthy sheen. She had deep blue,
wide set, eyes either side of a delicate nose and a fulsome mouth. Her
build was athletic and she had a very titillating roll as she walked. All
of the local lads drooled over her and were constantly fighting to date
her. I first met her after I had been dumped by my former girlfriend at a
party and was feeling rather dejected and sorry for myself. She came up to
me and started to tease me asking me if I had lost something and where all
my friends had gone. Even as she taunted me I couldn't think straight as I
was mesmerised by her beauty and seductive voice. It couldn't be true, she
can't be talking to me I thought as I offered to get her a drink. She
accepted and we spent the rest of the evening together. When I got home
that evening I couldn't believe it but we had actually made a date for the
following night. I was on cloud nine but a little concerned when I
recollected the conversation and it seemed that she had always been
talking down to me and making me feel small. It didn't take me long to
push the negative thoughts to the back of my mind as I pictured my friends
faces when the saw me with her.

That was the start of a whirlwind romance and within 6 months we were
engaged to be married. Although I must admit that it hadn't always been
great fun. Kim was always late when we arranged to meet, often by over an
hour. On several occasions she had even called of an arrangement at the
last moment with very little reason. This used to make me very angry but
her captivating presence soon made me feel better and I calmed down. The
worst occasion was last winter when we agreed to meet at a local Greek
restaurant at 6:30 in the evening at her suggestion. We hadn't booked a
table as it was a very popular venue and they wouldn't accept bookings,
and in any case I expected her to turn up late. However, as usual I turned
up on time eager to meet her again but she was nowhere to be seen. I then
noticed that the restaurant was very dark and looked more closely at the
front door. There was a sign stating that it was open from 7:45PM to
3:00AM. "Stupid Bitch", I said to myself feeling very hungry, "We'll have
to find another venue when she turns up." I stood there waiting for the
next half hour and it started to rain. I felt terrible and still there was
no sign of Kim. About another quarter of an hour later a large Mercedes
pulled up opposite and it's engine, lights and wind screen wipers were
turned off. It was an impressive car with black windows and I assumed it
was the owner arriving to open up. However, no-one got out of the car and
after a time it began to rock from side to side. Lucky bugger, I thought
to myself as Kim insisted that we shouldn't have any form of sex until we
were married. This drove me to despair as she always dressed very sexily
and would take any chance she had to lean on me or stroke me. I was just
about to leave when at 8:00 a woman came towards the restaurant. She took
one look at me a laughed a little as she said,
     "Sorry boy I was delayed. We don't normally open up to 8:30 despite
what it says there. I hope you haven't been waiting long in this awful
rain"
     "Oh, no, I was early", I lied to protect my pride, "my fiancee will
be along in a while".
     "Good," she replied, "you can come in to wait inside while you dry
off."
I went in and waited in the lobby area feeling downcast and annoyed. I was
there for yet another 3/4 of an hour and a few couples had come and taken
tables giving me some funny looks. The restaurant owner was also giving me
funny looks as I hesitantly muttered, "She'll be here soon, don't worry."
     The woman tittered  knowingly and replied, "Of course dear."
A short time later she came back to me and asked me if my name was Roger.
"Yes" I replied full of surprise, "how did you know?"
     "There's a phone call for you from Kim" she answered and led me to
the restaurant phone.
     "Hello, what's happened" I asked worried that something terrible must
have happened to her.
     "Roger, please forgive me darling", came the reply.
     "What for?" I asked, my mind racing, wondering what was going on. I
could hear the sound of traffic faintly in the background.
     "Oh Roger, I'm sorry" came the reply, "I forgot it was tonight we
were supposed to meet. I thought it was tomorrow." Her voice tingled with
a sort of excitement as she spoke. I was dumbfounded and remained silent.
She then continued,
     "As I was soaking in my bath I suddenly remembered it was tonight."
She then seemed to slightly laugh before she added, "You poor thing have
been waiting for a while and It sounds as though it's been raining."
     "How could you do this to me?" I replied trying to keep my composure
in front of everyone in  the restaurant. I thought I heard a man's snigger
as Kim answered breathlessly,
     "Poor, Poor puppy, I've been rotten to you. I don't know how I did
it. You know how I am. Please tell me you understand."
     "What! Do you really expect me to believe that. I can hear things in
the background. Where are you?" I retorted in an annoyed tone. She just
laughed a little before she replied,
     "There, there baby don't get all fretful. The telly's on in my
bedroom. You can probably hear that. You do trust me don't you? You don't
think I could lie to you do you?"
This made me feel a little guilty and I calmed down and answered,
     "Of course I trust you it's just hard to believe you could forget so
easily and I've been waiting to see you for nearly 3 hours." Her immediate
response was to snigger as if she had deliberately made me wait for no
reason but then she said
     " I Promise it won't happen again" in a seductive type of voice we
she knew made me weak.
     "I hope not" I answered.
Kim then said, "Tell you what, we can start all over again tomorrow at
8:30, how about that my sweet puppy."
     "Not likely" I said, "I've been here for over an hour waiting for you
I don't want to do it again tomorrow".
     "Oh go on dear, just for me. It is a romantic restaurant and it would
make me feel a lot better". I looked round and agreed that it was a great
venue and started to want to eat with Kim there. After a moments pause I
capitulated and said,
     "OK, but you had better be on time tomorrow."
She just tittered and said, "I promise to be a good girl, now tell me that
you love me."
     "I love you my darling" I answered feeling embarrassed in the
restaurant. She just replied "Till tomorrow" and put the phone down. I was
left feeling confused and dishevelled in the restaurant as I made my
apologies and left. It was still raining when I got outside and I noticed
the Mercedes was still bouncing about opposite. Some people have all the
luck I thought as I caught the bus home feeling totally miserable. The
next evening Kim did turn up only half an hour late and we had a wonderful
meal but I felt embarrassed because of the evening before. The waitress
kept looking at me in a strange way and she also seemed to recognise Kim.
I asked Kim if she had seen her before but she claimed she had never been
in the restaurant before. I couldn't help feeling that I had been tested
some how but didn't care as long as I was still with my beloved Kim.

Kim had already got a job working as a secretary in the local insurance
firm and owned her own one bedroomed flat. I had now left school but had
been unable to get a job so we decided to live in Kim's flat until I had a
job and could afford somewhere better. To my great frustration Kim still
insisted on waiting till our wedding night until we had sex often saying
to me,
     "Now, Now, Roger you know I don't want to spoil things. It will be
all the better when we're married." as she lounged around in her
underwear. She could see the frustration in my eyes and appeared to enjoy
it. Many times after she had rejected my advances she would say,
     "As you have been a good puppy I will let you massage me instead" and
she would lay back and relax as I massaged her. I enjoyed this a great
deal but her attitude  caused me concern as I was sure she wasn't a virgin
but I didn't want to upset things. I was so in love with her that I was
gradually falling deep under her spell and was doing all of the housework
for her, cooking her meals and massaging her but she was giving me little
in return. An annoying habit she had developed was to pat me on the head
and say good puppy after I had brought her a glass of wine in the evening
or some other little treat. She would then gently ask me to rub her tired
and aching feet in a way that I couldn't refuse. I found this difficult as
her feet smelt strongly but that didn't seem to bother her. Our
relationship developed further with me gradually becoming ever more
submissive to her without me noticing. Several times a week she would go
out and leave me alone claiming she was working overtime or having a night
out with her girl friends. She would kiss me passionately before leaving
and whisper in my ear,
     "See you later puppy. I'll get out of your way while you wash my
smalls though". she would then turn, close the door and leave be fore I
could answer back.  I would be very angry at first but as I went to
retrieve her soiled panties from the bedroom where she had dropped them I
caught a whiff of her perfume and would feel better. By the time she
returned home I was normally asleep but she insisted on waking me up to
say goodnight. As I looked at her she had a radiant glow as if she had
really enjoyed herself. This left me wondering what she had been up to.
She would then climb into bed and drop off to sleep leaving me awake and
frustrated listening to her snoring. I consoled myself by saying it would
be better when we were married and I had a job.

The wedding day arrived at last and I was full of joy. We had over a
hundred and fifty guests but only 6 were my friends the rest were all
Kim's. She was really enjoying herself and I felt very proud. My friends
complemented me on such a fine wife and said they didn't expect me to
leave the bedroom during our honeymoon. While greeting the other guests at
the reception my stomach jumped when I saw the Mercedes I had seen
opposite the restaurant arrive. I nudged Kim and told what I had seen that
night. She just giggled and said,
     "Oh, that's Adam, he has a reputation with the girls. I'll introduce
you to him later."
When Adam arrived Kim went straight over to him and brought him back to me
to introduce us. He was a young handsome man who appeared to have all
anyone would want. He was very smarmy and I took an instant dislike to
him. Kim though seemed attracted to him and spent a lot of time joking
with him that evening. Time flew by and in no time we were leaving the
reception. I was trembling with excitement and the thought of what was to
come.

As we didn't have much money we had decided to spend the night in a local
hotel and then the rest of the fortnight back in our flat. We had reserved
the penthouse suite which had an erotic four poster bed in it. Kim was
magnificent and she led be by my hand into our room. We had sex within 10
minutes of being alone and my body was exploding with pent up relief. I
was elated but noticed that Kim seemed less satisfied than myself which
disappointed me. I asked what the matter was and she said it was great but
that she had fantasised about bondage and would like to try that. Not
wanting to disappoint her I agreed and at once she went to her case and
brought out several straps and a helmet mask. Her eyes were now sparkling
and her breath had become short with anticipation and excitement. I had
never seen her so worked up and she looked more radiant than ever.
     "Lay on the bed pup" she croaked at me as she brought the restraints
across.  I meekly obeyed in a semi trance like state. First my writs were
bound shortly followed by my ankles. I was then completely at her mercy as
she stood back to look at me with the mask idly swinging in her hand. She
smiled wickedly as she peeled her stockings off and then dropped her
panties on the floor. Quick as a flash she picked up the scented garments
and pushed them into the helmet then climbed on top of me and said,
     "How long have I wanted to do this to you my dog?" then laughing went
to pull the helmet over my head.
     "Hey, what's going on. Why call me dog? What are you doing?" I
screamed in mild panic. She just threw her head back, stroked her breasts
and laughed even harder before she pulled the helmet over my head forcing
me to inhale her perfume. She then calmly said,
     "I've always wanted you to be my dog. You poor vulnerable puppy, you
have fallen into my trap. You are now mine to torment for my pleasure."
She then got off and left the room. I was sobbing into my mask wondering
where she had gone when an hour later she returned mounted my throbbing
organ and thrust herself to an intense orgasm. She let herself relax on
top of me as she whispered.
     "Wow! that was wonderful, well worth the wait, I knew you wouldn't
disappoint me" she then slipped off of me a little but continued to cuddle
me as she drifted off to sleep. I spent the rest of our wedding night
restrained like that as she relaxed on top of me.

I was full of mixed emotions the next morning when she awoke and released
me. However, once again she tightened the trap on me yet further by
telling me how much fun she had had and that she hoped that I had enjoyed
our little game as much as her. She was sitting by the window as she said
this and the fresh sunlight glinted in her hair making it sparkle with
life. I thought how lucky I was to be married to this beauty and soon
forgot the pain of my bondage the night before. I told her that I was
content to play any games she wanted as long as they gave her pleasure.
With that she smiled came over kissed me on the forehead and said,
     "Now there's a good doggy. I can see we are going to have some great
fun together." She then started to laugh lewdly as though she had just had
an evil thought. Something in the way she acted scared me a little as we
packed our things and got ready to leave for home.

When we arrived back at the flat I insisted on carrying Kim over the
threshold which she enjoyed. I wasted no time and carried her straight
into our bedroom and dropped her on the bed. I then noticed a large
curtain draped across our built in wardrobe.
     "Hey, what's that" I gasped in amazement. Kim just sniggered and
answered,
     "I knew you would like to play my games so I arranged to have a
little modification made. My present to the both of us is inside, go and
have a look."
I eagerly jumped off the bed trembling with excitement and puled the
curtain down. Then I slid back the door and froze in my tracks at the
sight that met me. "What is it?" I asked as I looked at an open wooden box
half filling the wardrobe. The top half was hinged upwards and I noticed a
semicircular cut-out at the end. It was almost filled with a sort of foam
rubber substance. Kim came up behind me and pulled herself tightly to me
and started to undo my trousers. I could feel her pert breasts pushing
into my back as she gyrated her hip against my bum. She then nibbled my
ear as my trousers slid down and she started to play with my cock. She
then giggled as she whispered,
     "It's a basket for my little doggy, do you like it?"
     "What, What do you mean?" I stammered as my knees were collapsing
under the attentions she was affording me.
     "I thought it would be good to have my doggy wait in there while I
got ready for sex."
     "You don't mean you want me to get into that box do you Kim?" I
spluttered in total disbelief. She was gently fondling my balls as she
cooed,
     "Yes, the thought of it makes me wet between my thighs. You said you
would like to play games and this should be terrific. You wouldn't mind
would you?"
I was in total shock but she had brought me to such a state of arousal
that I couldn't refuse.
     "OK if it will help add to the excitement."
She just smirked impishly as she took my shirt off and then led me by my
cock to the open box and murmured "This will be terrific, I'm really going
to enjoy this." She then turned to smile at me and added, "Hop in then".
Naked I climbed into the box and started to sink into the foam. I gasped
as it felt cold but Kim just said,
     "Oh don't be a baby it will soon warm to your skin temperature. Get
down on all fours like the dog you are."
I meekly obeyed and soon I was kneeling in the foam like substance which I
sank into and it spread all around me. Luckily I just fitted the box with
my head sticking out above the cut out. It felt awful and I was just about
stand up again when Kim pushed the top crashing down on top of me. It fell
with a thud and the foam like substance totally encased me. I couldn't
move at all, it was as if I had been stuck in cement. Fear overcame me and
I shouted,
     "Hey, Let me out I can't stand this. Open the lid quickly."
To my utter horror Kim just laughed uncontrollably and said,
     "Too late now. Just calm down or you'll make me come before I'm
ready" as she closed some catches either side of my head and locked them
with padlocks. She removed the keys and then attached them to a fine ankle
chain she was wearing. I was really scared now and pleaded with her to
release me but his just encouraged her all the more and her sadistic
streak was really showing. She told me that I had promised to play her
games and I wasn't to spoil her fun. She then knelt down and with
difficulty kissed my head sticking out of the box only a few inches above
the ground.

With me fully prepared she stood back to look at me and I tried as hard as
I could to look round at her. She had her hands on her hips and said,
     "I'll get ready for our fun now so you just stay there and watch me
while the foam sets."
     "Till the foam sets, what do you mean?" I pleaded.
     "Sorry I forgot to tell you that your basket is full of special
moulding foam. It will set to the shape of your body and hold you still.
When I let you out for walkies it will maintain it's shape so you can
easily climb back in."
     "But I will be getting out in a few moments won't I! When your
ready." I spluttered in a state of total bewilderment. She just giggled as
she looked down at me and said,
     "We'll see, but be quite now while I get ready." In total disbelief I
fell silent as I strained to watch her prepare herself. First of all she
stripped naked and then pulled on a skimpy black leotard like crutchless
top. It was of a black Lycra type of material with  a triangular nylon
netting patch to temptingly display the edges of her bust. Next she put
on, and fastened, some sheer black nylon stockings taking care to ensure
the seams were straight. Finally she struggled to put on a tight leather
mini skirt. I had never seen her dress so provocatively and started to
feel that my suffering was worth while. She then sat by the dresser and
applied a seductive set of makeup to her beautiful face highlighting her
cheekbones and augmenting her eyes. She turned to face me and walked
towards me. My heart missed a beat as I trembled in anticipation of what
was to come next. I couldn't stop myself from wolf whistling which made my
wife smile and she said, "Good I'm glad to see you're enjoying yourself at
long last, after all this is supposed to be fun for both of us isn't it?"
Her tone of voice was strange as though she didn't really mean what she
was saying but that didn't stop me drooling as she came nearer. She was
just inches from me when the phone rang,
     "Blast" she exclaimed as she went back to the bed lay down and
answered the phone.
     "Oh hello darling, it's you" then there was silence for a while and
she said, "Yes, easier than I thought." A longer period of silence and
then "I thought tomorrow night would be the earliest but if you insist we
could do it tonight." I was straining to hear this conversation and to see
my wife but all I could see were her nylon clad feet hanging over the end
of the bed. She was casually rubbing them together back and forth as if in
a totally relaxed stated. She then said "You're awful I can't wait to see
his face." followed a few moments later by "Well I suppose I'm dressed for
dancing". My mind was racing. Who is she talking to? What is she
arranging? What does she mean dressed for dancing? She then said "OK come
round in half an hour, I love you, bye" before putting the phone down. She
then just lay on the bed for a while and I called out,
     "Who was that on the phone?" She got up slowly and came round to see
me as she said,
     "It was a friend of mine I haven't seen for while. She doesn't know
we're married yet and has asked me to go to a dance with her tonight. You
wouldn't mind would you doggy." My head started to buzz, she can't be
serious I thought and was just about to shout at her when she added,
     "It'll heighten our fun later knowing that you have been waiting for
me like that. Wont that be great?"
     "No it bloody well will not!" I shouted in a state of rage, "This is
supposed to be our honeymoon". She just started laughing again and
replied,
     "It is our honeymoon and I don't know when I have ever had so much
fun. I know you wouldn't want to join us because I heard you bragging with
your friends that you wouldn't leave the bedroom for the fortnight. I'm
just helping you to keep your word, HA HA." My tether had totally broken
as I shouted,
     "Why do this to me? I love you? What's got into you?"
She just pushed her high heeled shoes on in front of me, took her jacket
from above me and slid the wardrobe door closed. A short while later I
heard the doorbell. Kim tapped on the wardrobe door and said,
     "I hope I don't get too tired dancing the night away, Ha Ha." I could
then hear her walking out of the bedroom and just before she left the
click of the light switch. She called back to me,
     "Be a good doggy and don't get up to mischief whilst I'm gone!"
Moments later I heard the front door open followed by Kim's depraved
laughter ebbing away as the door closed again behind her.

It was now totally dark in the wardrobe and the foam had totally set so
that I couldn't move at all apart from my head a little through the
opening of the box. I don't know how long I had been like that but it
seemed hours when I heard the key in the front door. Then Kim came in full
of merriment and my heart sank when I heard her talk to someone. My ears
strained through the darkness to hear the reply but I heard nothing. I
wanted to shout for release but was now more scared of being found in this
predicament by a complete stranger. About half an hour later I heard
movements in the bedroom and then the wardrobe door slowly opening. Kim
was teetering on her high heels having obviously had a few drinks as I
could smell the alcohol on her breath. She just winked at my blinking eyes
and said,
     "Still here then. Not long now." I wanted to shout at her but she
said, "Keep quite for a while because my friend insisted on coming back
for a coffee." I tore at my bond to no avail and my face must have gone
red with the strain.
     "Poor doggy" Kim said as she saw me straining, "The fun is just too
much for you isn't it" She then picked up her soiled knickers where she
had left them earlier and stuffed them into my mouth and quickly tied them
in place with her discarded stockings. "Just to help you keep quite till
she has gone" she added just before she closed the door again. She then
opened the door again and I thought she had long last decided to show me
some mercy but to my dismay she turned her back to the wardrobe and said,
     "Can't let this out in front of our guest" as she let a long fart
loose. She then slid the door closed again without even looking at me
again as she sniggered evily to herself. Seconds later the smell that
greeted my nose made me heave with disgust but I couldn't escape it. I
just couldn't believe the way Kim was treating me. I could hear distant
chatter and laughter but couldn't make out the voices as I suffered in my
total bondage tasting my wife's knickers. About an hour later I heard
movement in the bedroom and the light being turned on. Then there were
childish titters of excitement as I heard other movements. Then booming
out of the blew I heard my wife say
     "I'll just take these shoes off. My feet are aching after all that
dancing" and to my horror the door began to slide back. I thought I would
be exposed and tried to pull my head back into the box but I just couldn't
move. My wife was standing there infront of me and she looked down and
winked at me as she eased her left shoe off and then dropped it off of her
toes just below my nose. The sweaty steam that greeted my nostrils made me
try and pull back but I could only watch as the other foul smelling shoe
was dropped along side the first. She then said,
     "Oh, I've got an itch" and she then rubbed her damp foot under my
nose adding "that's better." She giggled as her foot ground into my face
and to add to my frustration I caught sight of the padlock keys glinting
through her nylon stockings. I was then forced to inhale the scent of my
wife's feet emanating from her shoes as the door remorsefuly slid shut
again. I could take no more of this I thought as I began to weep at my
depraved state. As many times before I was wrong again. I heard Kim say,
     "Take me I'm all yours"
     "Try and stop me," a mans voice boomed out of the silence, "But what
about your hubby, wont he find us".
     "Oh don't worry yourself he wont disturb us," my wife sniggered,
"he's a bit tied up in the dog basket business at the moment Ha Ha Ha." I
felt as though the earth had caved in. What was my wife doing? Who was she
fucking? Why do it on our honeymoon? How long had it been planned? What
will she do with me next? I was full of cramp and half suffocating as I
had to listen to their amorous chat and sexual activity. I couldn't even
move my fingers.

It sounded as though they had made love at least three times before they
started to become subdued and calmed down. Then I heard the light turned
off and the little light that crept around the edge of the wardrobe door
disappeared plunging me into total darkness again. I could then faintly
hear them whispering to each other contentedly but couldn't make out what
was being said. Finally they must have drifted to sleep as it fell silent
apart from the occasional sound of one of them turning over. I tried to
scream for release but my wife's sodden panties stopped nearly all of the
noise and in a state of total anger and despair I resigned myself to the
fact that I would be forced to spend the night in my wretched state. I
tried to sleep but when my head drooped my nose entered my wife's scented
shoes and the smell was strong enough to keep me awake. I thrust my head
about as much as I could to knock them over so that I may have a little
relief but alas I couldn't quite reach them to push them. Why was my wife
doing this to me I kept repeating to myself over and over again as I
waited endlessly for morning to come and my much needed release. I didn't
even care if I was found in my state any more just so long as I was
released.

Finally I heard sounds of fidgeting followed by my wife's voice,
     "Oh don't leave just yet, it's so comfy like this."
     "Sorry my love but I've got to work again today", boomed the man's
voice again. I could then hear them kissing and petting each other for
several minutes before my wife said,
     "Oh no, I couldn't, not again, not now. Wait till this evening and I
will be eager again then!". They then moved about a lot and I heard mixed
giggling from the pair of them followed by the sounds of someone getting
dressed. I was numb with disbelief that my wife could do this to me and it
a state of total shock wondering how to get out of my predicament when the
man's voice seemed to boom out,
     "Till tonight."
followed by my wife's retort of "I love you." Much to my relief I then
heard him leave the room and moments later him let himself out of the
front door. My time for revenge was not far away now I thought as I
contemplated what I would do when I was released in a few minutes. My
hopes of an early release were soon crushed when I heard my wife snoring.
"The bitch has fallen asleep again!" I shouted to my self and struggled
vainly at my bonds for escape. Some long time later I heard my wife waking
and she got up. She came to the wardrobe and very gently opened the doors.
She looked down at me and sighed gently.
     "Oops sorry dear I didn't mean to wake you." and then bent down to
release my gag as she continued "I hope you had a good night. I'm sorry we
didn't get to have our fun but my friend and I had had a little wine to
drink and we fell asleep talking over old times." She then paused a little
and added "Still it will be even better this evening now!" and her eyes
twinkled as if she really meant it. I couldn't believe my ears, what evil
torture has she planned now? When she had released the stocking I spat my
wife's knickers out and shouted,
     "You utter selfish bitch. Why did you leave me like this all night. I
heard you with a man. Who was he? Why make love in our honeymoon bed. Let
me free at once!"
To my total dismay my wife just started laughing and sat back on the bed
to steady herself. She then looked me in the eyes and said,
     "What a vivid imagination you have, I haven't had anyone in here last
night".
     "Don't lie to me as well!" I protested.
     "You don't trust me very much do you" my wife answered mocking a
heart tone and then she added, "it must be your secret wish for me to take
a lover in your presence. Don't blame me for your kinky fantasies."
We continued to argue for  a while with my wife denying everything when
finally she said,
     "Oh I can't be bothered with all this now, I'm going to get some
breakfast". She then closed the door again and left me ignoring my plea's
for escape.

A long time later she returned and opened the door again holding a dog
bowl. She kicked her shoes from beneath my face and then bent down and
placed the bowl in their place. She propped it up with some books so my
head was forced into it. I stared at the  contents of cold porridge and
she gleefully said,
     "There's your breakfast doggy, eat it all up, I'm off to the shops
now."
Then before I had chance to say anything she had closed the door and left.
Tears dribbled down my face as I plunged my head into the unappetising
slop. She knew I hated porridge but I was so hungry that I struggled to
eat the meal despite the fact that I was full of rage.

Hours later in my foam filled box I was still waiting for my wife's
return. Again when the key entered the lock and I heard her enter and I
expected her to come and gloat over my predicament again. However, to my
absolute mortification there was an extended period while she went about
her normal business. I called out to her as loud as I could but her
response was to put her on favourite CD and to turn the volume up to drown
out my pitiful cries for escape. She finally condescended to open the
cupboard again and looked down at me as she danced to the rhythm of her
music. She then said,
     "This is so much fun, I would have married you earlier if I had know
it would be like this. She then put her foot under my chin and forced my
head back so that I had to look at her magnificent body and she calmly
asked,
     "Have you calmed down yet doggy?"
     "ABSOLUTELY NOT. LET ME FREE NOW." I responded full of vehemence. She
twisted her foot a little to show me the key and serenely said,
     " HA, Ha, Ha, don't worry you will soon give in. I would like to free
you doggy but as you can see I would have to take my stockings off first
which would make me cold. It's OK for you in your snug, warm basket. You
wouldn't want to see me suffer would you?"
I was dumb struck with rage as I was now very hot, full of cramp, itched
all over and couldn't move a muscle while she was complaining about
becoming cold by removing a stocking. My dumbfounded silence gave her the
opportunity to add,
     "I thought not. Now wait there and I will get your dinner." She bent
down to retrieve my bowl and left me to suffer  a wile longer before
returning with another bowl of foul tasting porridge. I stared in
disbelief at the slop and looked at her shouting,
     "You wicked woman, you know I hate porridge couldn't you get me
something more appetizing. Please show me some mercy."
Chortling to herself she calmly replied,
     "Silly me I forgot, I'll go and get your favourite! Baked beans and a
hamburger."
     "Thank you" I said through gritted teeth hoping she was at last going
to show me pity and release me. When she returned she had a large can of
beans in one hand and a tasty looking hamburger in the other. At last I
thought to myself she is starting to melt. I then shuddered with
revolution as she bent down and tipped the beans into the bowl on top of
the porridge. She hadn't even warmed them up. As soon as the can was empty
she stepped back toward the bed and sat down. Triumph was written all over
her face as she took a bite from the hamburger and while she was chewing
it said,
     "Well eat up doggy, it's what you asked for isn't it." I realised
there was nothing I could do and so reluctantly eat my abominable meal. It
was obvious she was enjoying the burger and reviling in my torment as I
struggled to swallow the slop. When at last I had finished she took the
bowl away and roughly cleaned my face with a flannel. She then stood back
and said,
     "Well the evening has arrived and it's time for our fun at long last
you lucky little doggy. It's time you had some pleasure." I was seething
with anger and looked away from her as she chortled to herself and added,
     "Let's hope I don't get any phone calls again tonight!".

She then stripped off completely and put on a fine one piece crotchless
body stocking, pulled on a rubber mini dress and plastic peep hole bra.
For the next half hour she worked on her hair pulling it into a fine pony
tail before applying her favourite makeup. I was mesmerised by her beauty
and couldn't help saying,
     "Wow you are gorgeous, let me free and I forgive you all that has
happened." hoping she would now be kind. She just replied,
     "Wait a moment I'll just apply the finishing touches," and she came
to the wardrobe and put her high heels on again and then reached up to the
top shelf. I was mesmerised as she put a fine black veil on and stood back
to pose for me. Her eyes were sparkling as she looked at me and said,
     "I'm ready for you doggy let's rock and roll!". She then paused and
feigned concern as she added, "Blast I've left your keys under my body
stocking again". I was crestfallen as she lifted her feet to show me the
trapped keys attached to her anklet. Then to compound my misery the
doorbell rang out shattering the silence.
     "I'll be back in a jiffy," Kim said as she closed the cupboard door
and went to answer the front door. I was then left in a state of tension
for a few minutes with my heart pounding as I waited eagerly for Kim's
return. When she did enter the bedroom she was tittering excitedly in an
evil sort of way. My stomach dropped as I anticipated more torment from
her. The cupboard door slowly slid back and to my great relief Kim was
standing there in another provocative pose designed to excite me. I
swallowed hard with expectation of things to come as I gingerly stuttered,
     "Who was that at the door?"
     "Time's up doggy," came the surprise answer from Kim as she sniggered
mischievously, bubbling with excitement.
     "What do you mean?" I croaked with my mouth going dry with
anticipation.
She was obviously finding it hard to contain her excitement as she said,
     "I'll reveal all tonight and allow you take you place, just close
your eyes for a moment".
Wondering what she meant I closed my eyes and heard her moving about in
front of me. Then she called out
     "SURPRISE!".
I immediately opened my eyes and was paralysed at the sight that greeted
me. Kim was standing infront of me hugging Adam who was kissing her neck.
My mouth dropped open in total disbelief as Kim said,
     "You don't look all that pleased doggy. After this morning I thought
you would be glad to see me in the arms of another man to prove you
right." This made them both collapse with coarse laughter for a few
minutes while my eyes filled with tears.

When they had finally calmed down Kim looked at me pitifully and said
     "It's about time we let you out of there and explained a few things."
     "Too bloody right" I snarled back at her which made her smile all the
more. She then turned and asked Adam to get me out and gave him a long
sensuous kiss through her veil. I was seething with anger and jealousy and
struggled to move but just wore myself out in the useless plight. They
finally stopped for breath and Adam said,
     "You'll have to taking your stocking off first to let me have the
key," and he gently stroked her fine legs. She just giggled and said,
     "Stop teasing him, you know what I mean, Ha, Ha"
With that he smirked as well and turned towards me. He then bent down a
grabbed the corners of my box and lifted me to an upright position. I saw
stars after that sudden movement and could feel myself moving out of the
cupboard. "It was a good idea of mine to put casters on the box", Kim said
in a bragging way. "You can wheel him over there" she continued pointing
to a place by the windows. When I was in place she walked round behind me
and then climbed onto the box placing one leg either side of my face. With
my head clamped between her fine thighs she twiddled with my hair and
said, "Carry on Adam I can't wait." I couldn't believe it I still wasn't
to be released from my constraining box. I had no choice but to watch as
Kim gently tugged my hair, pinched my nose, squeezed her thighs and
generally did anything to my defenceless head to grind in the power she
had over me. I was shocked as I saw Adam first separate our bed into two
which was quite easy as they were twin beds joined by brackets. He then
left the room to return moments later wheeling another box similar to mine
except that the top of it was covered by a mattress. He quickly pushed it
between the two beds up to the headboard and left to get yet another box.
In no time at all he had placed three boxes between the beds and there was
only room for one more until the end bed. I had half guessed the next part
as Kim got off of my box and pushed me between the beds completing the
middle section of the now king sized bed. I was facing the headboard with
my head at the foot of the bed. They then separated and pushed the two
beds up to the row of boxes and they all snapped into place. Kim climbed
onto the bed while Adam went to the wardrobe and came back with a piece of
mattress 2 inches thick with a slit and hole in it. He gave it to Kim and
she had great delight in forcing round my necking and tapping it down. It
formed a perfect match to the height of the rest of the mattress but my
head was stretched to keep my chin up above it. I could barley move my
head and could only open my mouth with great effort.

They then climbed onto the bed a looked at me condescendingly and Kim
start to caress Adam. He reciprocated and in no time they had slid down to
a laying position. Kim eased her shoes off and slipped down the bed
further until she was resting her feet on my nose. The smell was atrocious
and she breathlessly called out,
     "Sorry doggy, but your explanation will have to wait a little
longer".
Adam climbed on top of her and penetrated her and started to make love.
This worsened my state as Kim's feet rhythmically pressed into my face. I
was half suffocating but couldn't move away as Kim managed to say with a
quivering voice,
     "You can join in and wank yourself if you want to doggy." They then
carried on the rhythm before Kim giggled and spurted out "Oops sorry, I
forgot you can't move your hands." A short time later their movements
became more frantic and suddenly Kim screamed in ecstasy and pushed hard
into my face. I thought my neck would break as her whole body trembled for
a couple of minutes. They eventually rested but Kim didn't remove her feet
but instead gently caressed my face in a state of tranquillity. I thought
my suffering would never end as I struggled for breath between her sweaty
toes whenever I had the chance.

After about half an hour the both sat up and rested against the headboard
looking at me and Kim said,
     "Wow, that was the best yet."
I tried to shout back at her but I couldn't open my mouth enough and I
just mumbled incoherently. This made them both laugh and Kim said,
     "Don't worry dog you don't have to say anything tonight we will just
explain your place in life. When you married me you became part of my
property to be treated as I see fit. I have always wanted to get you into
this position since the first day I set eyes on you at Sharon's party. I
loved your helpless face and it excited me to make me think I could make
you suffer and you would just return love and adoration to me. You haven't
disappointed me yet and you will soon fall into the final trap sealing
your fate as my plaything come slave dog forever." Her talk was obviously
exciting her again as she started to caress Adam. He responded by
massaging her breasts and moved to kiss her pussy. She spread her legs to
allow him easier access under her tight fitting mini skirt and started
twiddling her toes either side of my head. When Adam had finally got into
position she held is head in place with her hands as it bobbed up and
down. I was totally jealous and full of rage as Kim sucked her bottom lip
with sexual excitement and closed her eyes. A few minutes later although
distracted she managed to continue with a quavering voice,
     "This is my lover Adam who I have known for years. We enjoy each
others body's and company but don't want to have the drudgery of a
marriage to bind us. We just take pleasure any time we feel like it and
especially at your expense. You will live with me and look after me, doing
all the household chores, massaging me, pampering me, acting as a
chauffeur, etc and in return I will degrade and humiliate you. In time you
will grow to love your position and crave the taste of my feet. Trust me."
she had to pause while she came to another satisfying orgasm and gently
pulled Adam's head out from under her skirt. His face was sweating but he
had obviously enjoyed himself and he kissed her fully on the mouth through
her fine veil. Kim shuffled down the bed a little again so that her feet
were only inches from my face and she gently grasped Adam's dick. Tears
were pouring down my face as she looked at me, began to stroke him and
smiled as she continued her ominous monologue of my fate.
     "Remember the night you waited for me at the Greek restaurant?" she
taunted at me and I nodded with pain of the memory that night. "Well" she
continued, "Adam and I were watching you for a while from the Mercedes
across the road until we could keep apart no longer. You looked so
dejected and helpless that I had three orgasms that evening watching you
in the poring rain like the rejected puppy you were. I don't know how I
kept a calm voice when I rang you from his mobile phone. You sounded so
distraught that I wished I could have seen your face. Adam was sucking my
pussy all the time I was talking to you and at one time I thought you had
guessed I was out doors. I don't know why you left so quickly after our
phone call, you should have stayed, the meal we had there that night was
wonderful . It's no wonder the waitress kept winking at me the following
night is it." she laughed and laughed in a depraved way as I went red with
a mixture of humiliation and rage at the thought of what she had done to
me that night. What depths is she prepared to drive me to I asked myself
as she sat there totally content. She then related her acts on numerous
other occasions where she had let me down on the last minute just to
torment me while she was having her way with Adam.

I had had as much as I could take of her revelations when she stopped and
kissed Adam's midriff and said,
     "OK lover I think it's time for the camera now, be a dear and get it
for me."
     "As soon as I can," he smirked, "but do you think he's ready yet?"
"Ready yet" I screamed to my self. What the hell were they going to do
now. I couldn't move and they had totally humiliated me. They could do
what ever they wanted but surely they must be satisfied. I tried to plead
for mercy again but I just couldn't utter a word. Kim cackled at my face
and said,
     "Whoops it looks like he's trying to say he is. Pity he can't move
his head enough to thank us." They both chortled as my obvious distress at
Kim's last remark before she added, "better bring the bags just in case
though." With that Adam left the room and while we were alone Kim looked
at me compassionatly and wiped the tears from my face with her
outstretched toes and said,
     "You have made me the most happy woman in the world. I now have a
lover and dog slave husband both of which are truly devoted to me." Part
of me was pleased she was happy but the situation was so bad that I was
trying hard to escape as her foot caressed my nose leaving the lingering
scent of them about my nose. "I know you will soon really enjoy your
plight when you get into your role but it may take you a little time to
see the benefits," Kim was saying as Adam returned with a video camera and
several clear plastic bags. Kim then eagerly got onto her knees and came
down the bed to my head and struggled to pull out the section of mattress
from around my head. I had a clear view under her mini skirt as she did
this and I longed to make love to her. She finally succeeded and my head
flopped forward with it's renewed freedom. I immediately took the
opportunity to let them know how I felt,
     "I wont take part in your little games! I'm your husband Kim, I have
rights. I hate Adam and don't want you to see him anymore. You have had
your fun in the past but that's all over now." It made me feel a little
better but Adam just laughed and said,
     "Yes I thought you would need the bags Kim."
     "Oh doggy, how disappointing," Kim exclaimed in a hurt voice, "I
thought you loved me enough to want to make me happy."
     "I do" came my swift response but before I had chance to continue she
interrupted,
     "Well shut up and start to take your part!"
She then got off of the bed went to the chest of drawers and pulled out a
large piece of card from behind it. Turning gleefully she jumped back onto
the bed and held the card up with a mischevieous grin as I started to read
the writing on it. To my horror it was a dialogue for me to plead with her
to take a lover and treat me as her slave and t mistreat me as much as she
could. I was to beg her. She laughed at my blank expression and said,
     "You don't have to use the exact words so long as you get the correct
message across. I will play my part in checking you are shore etc while
Adam videos the whole thing. We can then keep the video as an insurance in
case you try and leave or file for a divorce. I'm sure your friends would
love to see it."
     "Don't get too excited," I replied, "there is no way I will do it!"
Kim just sighed and said, "Maybe not tonight but you will in the next
couple of days. We will give you a taste of the punishments you can expect
for insubordination from now on. A long dose of that and you will be
begging to take your place as my dog!"
With that she picked up one of the bags and came toward my head grinning
from ear to ear and then smiling said,
     "Did you think my feet are smelly."
     "Of coarse they are," I shouted, "they stink."
     "I'll vouch for that" Adam added.
     "Well your first punishment is to lick them clean so that they are
sweet again."
     "No way!" I answered and she just lifted the bag up and said,
     "You need to be trained to perform such an important task so I have
made this special bag for us." I could see it had several elasticised
holes in it as she moved towards me and it looked like a sort of pair of
plastic trousers. I was trembling with fear of what she intended to do
with it. My anguish was not for long because in no time she had stretched
the largest hole over my head and neatly laid the leg like sections up the
bed. The elastic held it tight round my neck and I was looking at her
through the bag as she lay back a lifted her legs towards me. As I
breathed the bag inflated and deflated about my head and I started to feel
scared as I could see her taking her body stocking off. When she was naked
she pushed her right foot through another elasticised hole at the end of
one of the leg like extensions of the bag. Moments later she had done the
same with her left foot. She then propped herself up with her hands behind
her as she pushed her feet to my face and said, "You have got until the
air in your tent runs out to clean me."
The smell was intolerable and I tried not to breath as I looked with
repulsion at her naked feet hovering infront of me. I refused to take part
and just kept my mouth closed. She then twiddled her toes under my nose
and said,
     "Better hurry dear".
After a while I had no choice but to breath and it was awful as I had to
take deep breaths which made the plastic cling to her feet and legs before
the bag inflated again as I breathed out. I felt truly bonded to her
stinking feet which mocked me. She giggled a little and said,
     "Hey, Adam this is very therapeutic, he hasn't even started licking
my soles yet but the bag is stimulating my feet, you will have to try it."
Filled with repugnance, I started to feel light headed but still I refused
to take part. A minute later I started to see spots as I heard Kim's
laughter and she said,
     "Oh well, not long now Adam, we'll soon have the pace to ourselves,
pity he didn't clean my feet first though."
Panic shot through me as I was mortified at the thought that she would
actually wait for me to suffocate just to be with Adam all the time.
Desperate to prevent him having the satisfaction I frantically started to
lick Kim's feet. It was still very difficult and it made me feel sick as
the taste of her stale sweat covered my tongue. My action pleased her and
she bent forward and lifted the elastic round her calf to let some fresh
air in. "There, there dear you just saved yourself you have now got enough
air to finish your job." She then laid back to enjoy my slavish attention
while I struggled to clean her feet in my suffocating bag. It was awful
and I could hear her moan with pleasure as I sucked on her sweaty toes.
After about ten minutes of this abhorrent treatment I was seeing stars in
front of my eyes again and I was sure I would pass out. Kim must have
sensed my state as she sat up and pulled her feet out of the bags. To my
relief fresh air rushed and I gulped down great mouthfuls full of relief.
I couldn't believe it when she carefully inspected her feet parting her
toes and then calmly looked at me and said,
     "Come now Roger you really must do better. Look at the grime between
my toes. How can you expect them to smell sweet if you don't clean them
properly? I thought you loved me and you can't even do a little task that
clean my feet for me." Before I had chance to reply she was pushing her
feet into the bag again and I was confronted by the smell and sight of her
feet. She separated her toes and gently pressed them to my lips as she
sniggered. I had no choice but to flick my tongue between each toe in turn
pretending the taste was nice. After about 10 minutes of this treatment I
was convinced she was going to let me suffocate when to my relief she
removed legs from the bag and inspected her feet again. She was obviously
pleased with the result this time as she leant back crossed her legs,
looked at me and asked innocently,
     "Are you ready for the video yet?"
     "NO, I WILL NEVER BE". I shouted back trying to remove the taste from
my tongue..
     "Good, I didn't want you to give in to easily" Kim sniggered, "it'll
a be more fun if you pretend to resist my wishes."
     "I'm not pretending!" I retorted in disbelief at what I was hearing.
With that Kim asked Adam to give her back the mattress section and moved
forward to my head. She rubbed the plastic all over my face and said,
     "Well I'll take this off now until tomorrow night." She then paused
and added,  "unless you would like to clean Adam's feet as well."
My blood froze. It was bad enough licking Kim's feet but to be forced to
lick Adam's feet would be unbearable. I turned to see him approaching with
the mattress and recoiled in terror. Just then Kim pulled the bag off my
head with a flick of her rest and smiled at me saying,
     "My, my you have gone all white. Perhaps his feet will be enough to
convince you to make the video, ha ha." She then licked her lips
seductively as I absolutely trembled with revulsion. "But lucky for you,
you are here for my pleasure and not his so you can miss that treat for
now." She then forced the mattress under my head again so that I was once
again immobile. They both got off the bed and before long were throwing a
silk under sheet over the bed which gracefully fell onto the mattress.
This too had a hole in it for my head and once in place they climbed onto
the bed. Kim then put her ankle close to my head so that the key to my box
was infront of my eyes. She pressed it to my lips and said,
     "Would you like to kiss your key before we retire for the night.
After all it is the symbol of your undying love for me isn't it?" and she
laughter carelessly. Full of resentment I refused to kiss the key as tears
of frustration seeped down my cheeks. After a few moments Kim leant over
the edge of the bed saying,
     "Never mind hubby, if you change your mind you can give it a kiss and
suck in the night, but please try not to wake me if you do!" as pulled a
duvet up and over them. I was now in total darkness and starting to get
hot. They snuggled up to one and other in the centre of the bed and their
entwined feet came to surround my head. Kim then called out good night
hubby while they relaxed for the night. I realised that I was to spend yet
another night in that awful box but that even worse was that I was
constantly kicked by their careless feet throughout the night.

The following morning Adam got up and I heard him kissing Kim before he
left for work. After he had gone Kim stretched her toes about my nose and
then continued to relax in the bed above me. When she finally decided to
get up she flicked the duvet onto the floor and came to lay with her head
next to mine. She looked at my struggling head as she casually played with
my hair and said,
     "Thank you for giving us so much fun last night." she then lent
forward and kissed me voluptuously. She pulled back and said, "My My you
need a shave." as she got of the bed and left me. I was totally frustrated
as I waited for what seemed hours for her return. When she re-entered the
bedroom I saw that she was carrying a jar of some substance and was
grinning evily. I looked on with fear as she wasted no time in pulling the
mattress section out from around my head and said,
     "This hair remover should do the trick." as she pushed her fingers
into the jar.
     "Please, show me mercy Kim," I shouted, I'll take part in your games
but please please don't remove my hair."
     "I know you'll take place in my games. What choice do you have?" as
she laughed she spread the cream about my face. In no time my beard was
completely covered and she went to screw the lid back on the jar. In a
state of total confusion I shouted,
     "Bitch, why do this to me? I love you, I'll do anything you want but
don't treat me like this." This made her angry as I saw her face contort
and she quickly retorted
     "Don't ever call me that again! I am really enjoying myself and have
wanted to do this for months. It gives me great pleasure and that is what
you want isn't it?" Her facial expression then changed to an evil grin as
she looked at me and started to unscrew the cap again. As she sunk her
fingers back into the jar she was sniggering malevolently and she
relentlessly wiped the cream all over my hair and then my eyebrows. My
whole head will be hairless I panicked as she stood back and said,
     "There, that will be a lot better, perhaps next time you will just
thank me." With that she turned to let the cream work and added,
     "I'll be back after breakfast to see the results."
     "What about my breakfast?" I screamed.
She didn't even turn to look at me as she left the room. My face was
stinging as I felt the  diabolical treatment start to work.

Kim finally waltzed back into the room and to my horror she was holding
another plastic bag. She looked at my face and grinned as she dropped the
bag onto the bed. Without saying a word she started to wipe the cream from
my face with a towel. Tears streamed down my face as I pleaded,
     "Please, not the bag again. Let me have some breakfast. Let me out of
this terrible box." She just smiled and said,
     "Poor doggy are you a little uncommfy?"
     "I'm full of cramp, I can't move, let me out."
     "Never, mind this time tomorrow you will realise that it isn't all
that bad now," she retorted relishing every drop of my pain and anguish. I
finally cracked, I couldn't take any more of this. I had to get out. I
decided to play along with her game so at least I would be released from
my box.
     "OK OK you win" I begrudgingly said with a voice quivering with
sorrow. "I will take part in your video if it will make you happy."
     "Good doggy Roger, I knew you would see sense. I'll phone Adam later
to see if he can come round tonight to make the film. With a bit of luck
you will be freed this evening."
I burst into tears with frustration that even now she wouldn't release me.
"What do you want of me?" I croaked in sheer desperation. With that she
impishly pinched my nose and said, "Complete obedience. Don't worry a
little longer in your box will help you to think about how you can plead
to be my dog slave."
By now she had wiped all my facial hair away with the towel and she felt
my skin and tittered, "As soft as a baby's bum."
I was transfixed with terror when she picked up the plastic bag and held
it out for me and said,
     "Just to prove you are ready kiss your beloved bag and beg me to put
it on you." I resisted her demand for several minutes before I eventually
capitulated and her face beamed with mastery over me as she realised I was
nearly completely in her spell. After I had been obliged to lick the back
she put her fingers into one of the elasticated openings and held it
infront of me saying,
     "Time for your breakfast."
I was bewildered by the sight of the bag which appeared to be a large pair
of plastic pants with three elasticated legs. My impression was confirmed
as she stepped into the bag and pulled it up to her waist with the extra
leg hanging down between her legs. To my surprise she bent over at the
side of the bed and I heard a click as I felt my box release. Humming to
herself she came round and easily rolled me out from the centre of the
beds and quickly pulled out the next box. Before I could acclimatise to my
new position she was gracefully pushing my box back between the beds
followed by the other box behind me. As she effortlessly pushed the beds
back together and my box clicked back into place I had an awful vision of
what was to become of my head in the middle of the bed.
     "These beds are very useful don't you think?" Kim tormented me as she
climbed on the bed. I remained silent as she crawled toward my head and
smiled as she continued. "You can have the honour of cleaning my arse
before I have a shower." The bed was literally shaking in sympathy with
her laughter as she idlely flicked the middle leg infront of me. She then
stopped and said,
     "Oh dear I can feel something coming." before she let rip with a loud
fart. Still trembling with excitement she peacefully said,
     "Good job your head wasn't in there yet, ay," before she nonchalantly
pulled the middle leg down over my head. She leant forward and snuggled
down so that my nose was forced between her sweaty buttocks as she started
to relax. I had no choice but to inhale the scent from her private parts
while the bag pulled tight against her intimate parts and my visage in
time with my breathing. I longed for release as I realised I was in danger
of suffocation again. With much trepidation I gingerly extended my tongue
to find it's way between her cheeks. The taste was nauseating and I
immediately retracted my tongue feeling I would be sick as the bag
continued it's rhythmic expansion about my head. This just made her laugh
and I felt her relax some more as she waited for me to continue my task.
     "Your skin is lovely and smooth now" she cooed just to emphasise how
much she was making me her object of pleasure. I decided to get it over
with as fast as possible and quickly pushed my tongue out and licked the
length of her crack. I was just starting my second pass when she farted
again long and hard into my face. The smell was atrocious and I felt I
would be sick as I heard her say,
     "Sorry dear," with mock concern in her voice, "but at least the bag
has prevented me from having to suffer that awful smell. It isn't all bad
is it!"
What I would do to her I thought if I could get free but I knew that I had
to continue to play her game for a bit longer. So mustering up all of my
effort I continued to stroke her cheeks with my tongue for several minutes
until I thought I would suffocate. Just before the fatal moment she put
her hand behind her back and lifted the elastic about her waist to allow
me another few minutes of vital air. She then carefully swivelled round
twisting the bag about my neck in the process so that she was then sitting
up with a leg either side of my head. My nose was now ground into her
pussy as she placed her hand on the back of my head and said,
     "See if you can make me come before I let more air in."
Would my suffering ever stop I cried to myself as I quickly extended my
tongue to find her clitoris. I tickled sucked and titillated her love bud
as passionately as I could and her body trembled in response. I was filled
with the fear that she may leave me too long if her pleasure was too
strong so I tried my hardest to bring her to a quick climax. I was just
about to faint when to my great relief she gripped my head hard with her
thighs and thrust forward into my face several times. To my despair she
then flopped back onto the bed completely oblivious of my state. I sucked
hard for new air and the plastic was pulled very tight to my head and her
body which just made her quiver a little more. Stars came before more and
I was very light headed. Finally I passed out.

Some time later I came to again in my box of terror and my neck was
aching. I slowly began to focus on things about me and I realised that my
box was once again face down on the floor but the surroundings were
different. There were floor tiles infront of me and a bowl. I then focused
on a bit of paper. I looked left and right and saw wooden poles about me.
My head was swimming with confusion as slowly my surroundings came into
focus. With a bolt like an electric shock I suddenly realised that I was
now in the kitchen under the table and directly beneath my head was a bowl
of foul porridge again. I strained to see the paper and realised that it
had writing on it. When I had adjusted enough to read it I was paralysed
with torment.
     "Dear Roger,
Just a quick note to say thank you for a wonderful time. I've never had
such a strong orgasm, we were meant for each other. Pity you passed out
but I couldn't move for a while. Still never mind I will see you later.
I've made you your favourite meal which you can have when you want, but
don't rush as that's all you've got till tonight. Must go now or I will be
late in meeting Adam.
                         be a good doggy,
                              Kim."
Tears once again ran freely down my cheeks as I pictured Adam and Kim
enjoying each others company gloating over the treatment I was receiving.
Starving hungry I stretched out for a mouthful of my foul meal grateful
for that small mercy. I finished the slop and had to wait for literally
hours form my tormentress to return.

I felt as though I would die of boredom, frustration and cramp as I waited
endlessly for her return. My self pity and silence was abruptly shattered
when I heard a key in the door. The door opened and I heard someone enter
full of merriment and a short while later I saw the high heeled stocking
sheathed legs of Kim enter the kitchen accompanied by the legs of Adam.
They were very merry and Kim said,
     "I left him under here." as she pointed at me with her shoe, get some
plates and we can eat here. As I saw him walk away I heard the resulting
of paper above me followed by the unmistakable aroma of take away Chinese.
Full of hunger I called out for food. This made her snigger and she said,
     "Wait doggy you can have yours later."
Adam returned to the table and they pulled chairs up to the table with Kim
sitting in front of me. They ignored me as I heard them tucking into their
fulsome meal and my stomach growled with hunger. To add to my frustration
Kim eased her shoes off and rested her sweaty feet on their uppers. The
smell was terrible and I started to gag as I heard her say,
     "Pooh I can smell my feet from here." They both tittered at the
thought of me straining for escape and clinked their wine glasses together
as they continued to enjoy their meal. After what seemed an eternity Kim
said,
     "Phew I'm bloated, I couldn't eat another thing."
     "me too," Adam replied.
     "Lucky dog will have plenty to eat later, they always put too much in
these meals" added Kim before she continued, "get the video set up and
I'll bring him in." He left the room and Kim knelt down to look under the
table at my dishevelled face and said,
     "Did you miss me?"
     "Yes, Please, Please let me free now I can't take any more, I truly
can't. Let me have something to eat, I'm starving."
She smiled at me as she eased her shoes back on and said,
     "Not long now doggy if you play your part for the video well. I've
had a wonderful day with Adam."
     "I'll do anything for you so long as you release me from this
constricting box." I pleaded. She grunted as she stretched and the table
and rolled me out into the centre of the room. Moments later she had
tipped me upright and pushed me back to the bedroom. Her straining breasts
bobbed temptingly above me as I lusted after her beautiful body. When we
entered our(?) bedroom Adam was adjusting the camera so that he had a
clear shot of the foot of the bed as Kim nudged me up to the end. She then
climbed onto the bed and placed her stockinged legs on either side of my
head. Looking voluptuously into my eyes she said "Let's begin" and Adam
started recording. I was forced to beg her to treat me as her slave, to
punish me severely for any mistakes I make and to play games with me for
amusement . She kept on asking me if I was sure that that was what I
wanted as she found it hard to believe that anyone would willingly want to
be treated as a dog or to become a total slave. She even made me plead
with her to slide her shoes off so that I could enjoy the fragrance of her
tired feet. She giggled and said that she couldn't understand anyone
wanting to smell her feet after she had been on them all day but she would
do anything to make me happy. I was even made to massage the sole of her
foot with my nose as I strained to move my head. The final degradation
came when she made me plead to take lovers to make up for my lack of
manhood. All of this had been expertly caught on video tape.

When the ordeal was over Kim looked at me and said,
     "There it wasn't too difficult was it? Now you can start to join in
and have fun as well." She took the key from her anklet and unlocked the
padlocks of the box while Adam left the room to place the video in a
secure place so that I couldn't reach. He returned and helped Kim to part
the sections of the box. My relief was tremendous as cool air hit my back
for the first time in nearly 3 days. They then sat back and watched me
struggle vainly to free myself from the foam in the lower half of the box.
I was so week that I couldn't extricate myself which made them laugh
contentedly. Kim said,
     "Better help the doggy out of it's basket the lazy the thing."
I was pulled out in a most undignified way and fell at their feet. Whilst
I was still recovering from the ordeal Kim left the room leaving me to
contemplate my position. When she returned she was dressed in her
crotchless body stocking and teetered on high heels as she walked up to
me. I rolled onto my back and she lowered herself until she was sitting on
my legs. My body shivered with expectation as she leant forward and ran
her hands down my chest towards my manhood. I was rigid with excitement as
she gently clasped my balls and started to ease her self forwards. I was
craving excitement as she sat across my thighs and lifted herself a little
as if she was about to mount me. However, with disappointment I watched as
she turned round and reach back to get something. Her face was beaming
with delight as she looked back at me and held up a penile restraint. I
was paralysed with disbelief as she cooed,
     "Not tonight doggy, you have to earn you rewards, and Adam is here to
service me tonight." Tears of frustration fell down my cheeks as she
continued, "If your lucky we may let you have relief every Friday."
It was Thursday today so I started to feel a little better but was
suspicious of her evil chuckles while she slid the restraint over my tool
and secured it with a series of straps that encircled my body. She was
obviously relishing my torment as the offensive garment was finally
secured with a small padlock. She then leant forward and let her full wait
rest on my body as she gave me a full kiss on the mouth and started
laughing uncontrollably as she struggled to say,
     "Friday the 13th that is."
Those tormenting words rang in my ears as she got off of me and stood by
my head smirking at the look of astonishment on my face. To grind in the
futility of my plight she reached out to the dressing table above me and
picked up some shackles. She took advantage of my almost catatonic state
and slowly but deliberately clamped the shackles about my wrists and
ankles.
     "I thought you would let me have some fun now!" I  finally managed to
croak as Kim laughed at the pitiful sight I made on the floor at their
feet.
     "You will" came the response as she gripped one of  my legs and Adam
gripped the other. They dragged me into the kitchen and dropped me onto
the cold floor tiles. I was trying to stand when I the sound of jingling
of chains caught my attention. I turned to see Kim approaching with a
length of chain that had been bolted to the floor by the sink. In no time
she had padlocked the other end to my left ankle and stood back to admire
her handywork.
     "That's long enough for you to get about the Kitchen to do your
chores for tonight." and she lifted the chain up with her foot as she
pointed at the sink. "You can see we have thoughtfully left the washing up
for you over the last few days as you hate us to have deprived you of that
pleasure."
Tears welled up in my eyes as she continued, "I'll bring the dirty linen
basket in for you in a minute as my clothes need to be hand washed. You
can do them when the sink's clear can't you." True to her word she left
the room with Adam and returned minutes later with the linen basket. "Help
yourself to some food and drink if you want," she said, "you must be
hungry." as she pointed at the congealed remains of their earlier meal on
the table. I was numb with disbelief as I saw how happy she looked
standing in the doorway ridiculing me. Her final blow for the evening was
to say,
     "It's getting late and I'm feeling randy. Come on Adam let's go to
bed."
Without another word they turned and left me struggling to get to my feet.
I stared at the pile of things in the sink feeling totally humiliated and
full of despair as I could hear their excited tittering coming from our
bedroom. I slowly walked towards my chore when I heard footsteps behind
me. Full of hope that Kim had decided to free me I turned to be confronted
by her gloating expression in the doorway. She was glowing with joy as she
threw a couple of old and itchy blankets towards me and said,
     "Here, these should keep you nice and comfy for the night." She then
turned and left me with the dwindling sight of her pert buttocks covered
in black nylon. I looked up in despair and caught sight of a sign above
the door,
                         " JUST MARRIED"
     "What have I done?" I cried to myself.


          The start of a perfect marriage?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gracko


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





