BDSM Library - An Adventure in Wilderness




An Adventure in Wilderness
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The wilderness holds many perils for an unwary and inexperienced camper.
An  Adventure in the Wilderness


By Akkano


Disclaimer : The place names in this story (and name of
the goddess Sheshani) are made up names and are purely
imaginary.  To the best of my knowledge, none of these places
(or goddess Sheshani)  actually exist.



Prolog

     Diane was talking to Pamela at work.

     "I am fed up with Greg propositioning me all the time.
So far I have ignored him, but if he propositions me once
more, he will regret it. And he knows I am several years
older then him"

     "Just let it roll off, honey. He does that to all the
females at work, doesn't matter what age. We are thinking of
filing a sexual harassment complaint against him. You are
welcome to join in if you like."

     "I am not interested in a harassment complaint. I prefer
to handle him my own way. I have done extensive amount of
research on Greg's background and I am ready.  Just one more
sexual advance and he will regret it."

     "Well, suit yourself" Pamela replied. "I don't know what
you can do, but if you can take down that smirking bastard a
peg or two, we will all be grateful to you."

     It happened just two days after this conversation. As
Diane and Greg were discussing the quarterly report, Greg
said to her "Oh, by the way, sweetie, how about going away
with me this weekend. My friend has this cabin in the woods
and has agreed to loan it to me. The two of us can rock each
other's world."

     "Why, certainly, Greg" Diane replied with a smile,
somewhat to Greg's surprise. He propositioned females as a
matter of course, but more often than not he was rejected.
He particularly wanted to get into Diane's panties. Diane was
a gorgeous tall Nordic blond 5'11", the same height as him.
She was slim without being skinny, with perfect set of
breasts.  Diane had often found him looking at her breasts.

     Greg himself was quite good looking and attractive to
the ladies. He, however, did not work out often enough and
tended to be a little flabby without being actually fat.

     "You mean you really are willing to go away with me?" he
asked.

     "Well, yes. You can be very persistent. While in the
beginning I did not want to, you broke down my resistance
slowly. After all, one can say no only so many times. Now I
am interested in seeing if you are any good in bed."

     "Oh, I promise you, you won't be disappointed. I often
get compliments from ladies on my technique. So, will you be
at my place at 7.00 p.m. Friday evening?"

     "I can do better than that. My dad has this luxurious
cabin deep in the wilderness. It is a large house, really,
with a sunk in bath tub, Jacuzzi and sauna. There is nobody
for miles around and the scenery is breathtaking. The kitchen
and refrigerator are always stocked with all kinds of luxury
foods. He has plentiful supply of beer, wine and a well
stocked bar. My dad has extended a standing offer for me to
use the cabin whenever I wish." (Her dad had died ten years
ago).

     "Why don't both of us take a week off and really make a
vacation of it." Diane asked him.

     "A week. Why that sounds marvelous. But I am warning
you, babe, at the end of one week you won't be able to walk
properly. You will probably need another week's vacation to
recuperate."

     "Well, I hope so. We will both of us talk to the boss.
But things are slow and this being summer, there shouldn't be
any problem in getting the time off, I hope."

     As Diane has predicted, both of them were able to get
the time off easily.

     "Well, what time shall I pick you up?" he asked her.

     "I think it is better if I drive. The cabin is totally
isolated and not easy to find. Rather than keep giving you
directions all the time, we will save time if I drive. I will
pick you up at 7.00 a.m. on Saturday."

     Totally isolated. Man, this was sounding better and
better all the time. Nobody to bother them, lots of food,
plenty of beer and he will get to fuck this stuck up bitch
whenever he wanted.  "What do I bring with me?  I am not much
for outdoors.  I am more a city man."

     "Oh, I know." (She had researched his background
thoroughly and knew that he did not know a thing about
outdoors. She on the other hand, was an outdoor buff, always
going for hiking, camping, canoeing, bicycling in the
mountains etc.).

     "Don't worry. The cabin in the forest just gives us a
marvelous view. It has all the conveniences of city life. It
even has its own electric generator. We won't have to step
out of the cabin.  Just bring the clothes you will need for a
week.  The rest will be taken care of."

     That night she called her friend, Helen.

     "Helen, it is on for next week."

     "He propositioned you again?"

     "Yes, and it was the last straw."

     "So you mean to go through with it. I hope it works out.
I myself am looking forward to it."

     "Yes, I do. Now remember our deal. You have to help like
we discussed."

     "Is he really that ignorant about outdoors?"

     "Totally. I almost feel sorry for him. The poor sap has
no idea know what he is in for. Well, that is his funeral."
We are leaving 7.00 a.m. Saturday. I will see you around 2.00
p.m.  at Hemlock Bluff."

     "I will take off from work a bit early on Friday and be
there Friday night. See you on Saturday. Good-bye." Diane
packed one suitcase with some of her old clothes which she
was going to throw away or donate to charity. She was ready
for the trip.

Day 1.

     On Saturday Diane arrived at Greg's place promptly at 7
o'clock. They put his one suitcase in the car and started on
their way.  As they got on to the freeway, Diane said to him
"I have some hot chocolate in the thermos. Want some?" "Sure"
Greg said as he filled two traveling mugs from the thermos.
When Greg had finished his, Diane has merely taken a couple
of sips from hers.

     "You have barely touched yours." Greg said, picking up
her mug.

     "Sorry. I guess I am concentrating on driving. Why don't
you finish mine."

     Greg finished her mug as well. She had put a mild
sedative in the chocolate. While a couple of sips did not
affect her at all, Greg was soon asleep.

     He was asleep for a good five hours. Diane took two
breaks, but he did not wake up. He woke up all of a sudden
around 12.00 p.m.

     "Where are we?" he asked looking around.

     "We are two hours from our cabin." Diane replied. After
sleeping for this long, he felt a bit disoriented. He tried
to find out where he was by looking at the signs. They had
left the freeway long time ago and were driving on side
roads. The signs he saw were of the towns or local
attractions (White Mountain, Campbell Canyon etc.) which did
not tell him where he was. In his mind, he was totally lost.

     As he was looking around, his glance fell on a leaflet
on the dashboard. For lack of anything better to do, he
started reading the leaflet. It was about a snake called
coral snake.

     "Beautiful creature, isn't he?" Diane inquired as she
saw him looking at the leaflet. It was indeed a beautiful
looking snake, with red, yellow and black bands all across
its body.

     "Well, yes." Greg replied uncomfortably. He did not care
for snakes.

     "Well, he is as poisonous as he is beautiful. He is
related to the king cobra of India. A single bite from the
coral snake is almost always fatal. Compared to him, the
rattlesnake is as harmless as an earthworm."

     "Are, are there any coral snakes where we are going?"

     "Oh, yes. The woods near the cabin are full of them.
But what of it?  We will never get out of the cabin anyway.
It doesn't affect us."

     "I guess so." Greg still wasn't satisfied. As far as he
was concerned, the farther he was from any kind of snake, the
better.

     As time went on, he saw fewer and fewer cars. There was
a definite feeling that they were moving away from
population.  Finally they came to a gravel road.  The road
became more and more rugged, towards the end it was little
more than a dirt track. After driving a good 50 kilometers on
the gravel road, they came to the place called Hemlock Bluff.
Hemlock Bluff consisted of a small motel and a tiny general
store.  He did not see any houses or cottages and he wondered
who the general store catered to.  It seemed a forlorn,
lonely and isolated spot.  For the first time, he felt a bit
apprehensive.

     "Well, here we are." Diane said cheerfully.

     "Where is the cabin?" he asked looking around.

     "The cabin is an hour from here by motor boat. My friend
Helen will be here soon with a motor boat. Oh, there she is"
she said as he saw a woman come out of the motel.

     He was stunned when he saw Helen. She was even more
beautiful than Diane, if that were possible. She was a bit
shorter than him, which made her non-threatening. He almost
wished he could go to the cabin with Helen instead of Diane.

     "Well, we are ready to go. Where is the motor boat?"

     "I have a bit of bad news, I am afraid. The ceiling of
the living room of your daddy's cottage collapsed this
morning. You can't go to his cabin. He tried to phone you but
your cellular phone was turned off."

     "Yes. We decided to switch our phones off when we left,
so as not to have any distractions. But what are we going to
do now, Greg?"

     "I don't know." Greg said, completely at a loss. "Sorry
about your dad's cabin. What do you suggest?"

     "Well, I am tired. I guess we check into the motel. It
will be separate rooms, I am afraid. I need a good night's
sleep. Tomorrow we head back. I am sorry, darling. Maybe some
other time." Diane said as she circled his neck with her hand
and kissed him on the cheek." In the process, she took care
to brush her breasts against him slightly. Greg could also
smell the slight perfume she was wearing. This drove Greg
wild.

     "There has to be another way." Greg said desperately.

     "There is another way. You did not let me finish. How
about the Devil's Point?" Helen asked.

     "I don't know. The conditions there are a bit primitive.
Would you be all right with that, Greg?" she asked him.

     Greg was by now horny as hell and he was not going to
let this chance skip.

     "Of course it is all right. I am used to roughing it.
Don't you worry." Greg lied. "If there is any problem, I will
look after you." He told Diane as he squeezed her shoulder.

     "Of course it will be all right." Helen said.

     "But we will need all kinds of supplies."

     "All taken care of, with your dad's compliments. Your
dad felt so bad about ruining your vacation that he decided
to do something nice for you. He knows that is your favorite
place.  So he has sent all the provisions you will need for
your stay there." Helen said as she started dumping cartons
in a large canoe which was moored by the shore. The cartons
were identical in size to each other and it was impossible to
guess what was in them.

     "What happened to the motor boat?" Greg asked.

     "Oh, old man McCutchen, who runs the general store and
the motel here, was going to rent me one. But it is not
working properly. so he let me have his canoe instead."

     "It's a very large canoe." Greg was an illiterate when
it came to outdoors, but even he knew that the canoe was too
large.

     "It is for two people to row. You and Diane can row
while going. Coming back it will be empty so I will be able
to handle it by myself." Helen replied.

     "But I have never rowed before." Greg complained as they
got into the canoe.

     "Oh, stop your whining." Helen replied. "Both Diane and
I have extensive experience in rowing. Diane will sit at one
end and I will sit beside you. I will tell you how to row.
Just follow my directions to the letter and you will be all
right. Besides, I will always have an oar in my hand. If I
see you doing something stupid I will yell stop. Then you
stop rowing and I will complete the maneuver. There is no
danger."

     When they got into the canoe, both Helen and Diane
removed their shoes and socks. "Why don't you also get
comfortable, Greg?" Helen asked him.

     After sitting in the car the whole day, Greg  felt good
after removing his  shoes, socks and putting his feet up  on
the bench.  The three of them dropped the shoes and socks in
the middle of the canoe, along with the rest of the luggage.

     Soon they were on their way. At first, the water was
calm and still. However, after rowing about half a mile, they
were already into furious rapids. So far Greg had done quite
well rowing under the directions of Helen.

     The rapids looked very dangerous. "How are we going to
row through the rapids? OOPS, sorry." Greg asked. As Greg
started speaking, Diane gave a lurch to the canoe with her
oar, making Greg think that his lapse of concentration while
talking caused the canoe to lurch.

     "It's not easy. There is a way through the rapids.
However, you have to know the exact path. A few years ago
Diane and I came across this place and we fell in love with
it. The scenery is so beautiful that we decided to spend some
time trying to find a path through the rapids.  Eventually we
were successful. However, even a person with considerable
rowing experience won't be able to find the path at the first
go, if he does not know it already. That is the reason why
there are no tourists here canoeing or boating. The only
people who come here are the hardy hikers with a lot of
hiking experience. As a result, usually this place is very
quiet." Helen replied.

     "Now, let us get something sorted out. Greg, please stop
rowing. We are in calm waters here, for now. Diane will you
please keep treading water.  We have to settle something."

     Greg wondered what Helen was upto. "Now, Greg you
yourself will admit that when you started talking, your
attention wandered from rowing and it upset the canoe."

     "Well, I guess it did. Sorry about that."

     "Sorry is good enough, for now. However, look at those
murderous rapids. What will happen if you start talking when
we are in the rapids and you make a mistake in rowing? Then
before you can say sorry, we all will be in the water. Can
you swim, Greg?" Helen asked him even though she knew the
answer.

     "No, I can't" Greg admitted shamefacedly.

     "Well, Diane and I are excellent swimmers. If the canoe
capsizes, we will probably be all right. However, you most
certainly will not make it. Both of us will be too busy
saving our hides to try to rescue you. So it is for
everyone's well being, but especially for your own well being
that you must not talk during the rest of the rowing. You
agree with me?"

     "Yes, most certainly. I won't open my mouth during the
rest of the trip, I promise."

     "And I believe you. However, both Diane and I will be
talking and without intending to you may join in. We can't
risk that. I am sorry, but there only one way to ensure that
you shut up the rest of the trip. That is to gag you."

     "Hey now, now wait a minute." Greg stammered.

     "Well, can you think of another way?"

     "Well why don't you row then? You are an expert rower
according to you. You should be able to do the job."

     "Oh, you mean Diane and I should do all the work, while
you just sit around like a frail, old woman? Normally, I
would prefer that rather than risk you rowing. However, I
have to save my strength for going back. You must row while
going.  Even then I imagine Diane will be doing bulk of the
work."

     Greg  wasn't sure if he was being set up. However, he
could see the sense in what Helen was saying.

     "I suppose you are right." he said to her, reluctantly.

     "Believe me, this is the only way. I don't really want
to do it, but if you have any other suggestion, I am open to
it.  Now, let us see. What can we gag you with."

     Both Diane and Helen  searched in the nearby area,
careful not to upset the canoe too much. However, there was
nothing suitable.

     "Well, there is only one way. Diane, honey, if you will
be so kind?"

     Greg wondered what she was talking about. However he was
horrified when Diane said with a sigh and with an obvious
show of reluctance. "Oh, all right.  Here." So saying, she
held the oar with one hand, raised her skirt and expertly
peeled off her panties with her other hand. She then threw
them to Helen, who caught them with great skill.

     "These will have to do. Come on Greg, open up."

     "No way you are going to gag me with her panties."

     "Well what do you suggest? There are only two
alternatives, either her panties or my panties. But I must
warn you that I started menstruating yesterday and I may have
leaked a bit. You certainly don't want to go there."

     "How about my underwear? I don't mind those, even if
they may be dirty."

     "Your underwear is way too big. You will have to open
wide to accommodate it. It will start hurting your mouth in a
few minutes.  I don't want you in pain, Greg.  I want you to
give your full attention to rowing.  Now Diane's panties are
quite small.  They are really more like a thong.  They won't
hurt your mouth. After a while, you won't even notice that
they are there. Come on, now. Open up like a good boy.

     "I don't know, Helen. I don't like the thought of dirty
panties in my mouth. Maybe we should turn back. Diane's idea
of checking into the motel does not sound that bad after
all."

     Helen shrugged and said "It is all the same to me.
Diane?"

     "Oh, no. I don't want to go back. Daddy has gone to all
this trouble to give us these provisions for free and I want
to take advantage of it. After all, I have been driving all
day and I would like to enjoy some outdoors before I go back.
What's the matter, Greg? I thought you wanted me."

     "Yes, I do, Diane. In the worst possible way. But all
the same,.."

     "Then it is settled. If Diane wants to continue, then I
also vote to continue. Sorry, Greg, it has to be Diane's
panties after all."

     Greg looked at the panties. Diane had not changed her
panties for two days. That day in the morning she did not
wear a panty liner. For seven hours in the car her naked
pussy was in direct contact with her panties.  As a result,
her panties were soaked with her vaginal juices.  When she
made the two rest stops, she did not wipe herself after
peeing both times.  As a result, her panties reeked strongly
of her sex and her piss.  He could see yellow stains of urine
on the panties. In addition, since the back of the panties
was sitting well into the crack of her ass, he could see two
large dark brown streaks in the back of the panties.

     Altogether, the smell was very ripe and he felt
revolted. He had had sex with many girls, but nobody had
panties as dirty as these ones. He looked at Helen, who was
waiting impatiently, with the panties in her hand. He could
easily overpower Helen. He also may be able to overpower
Diane. But that will almost certainly mean capsizing of the
canoe and certain death for him. It was not worth the risk.

     But he thought of something else. "Helen, you are being
ridiculous. If you must gag me, why does it have to be
Diane's dirty panties? She has clean panties in the luggage.
Or better yet, there are my clean socks. We could use those."

     Helen rolled her beautiful green eyes. "Really, Greg.
You just don't get it, do you? Stand up."

     "What?"

     "It's. O.K. Just stand up right here, where you are."

     Greg stood up next to Helen. As he got up, the canoe
lurched from side to side. Diane, of course, magnified the
lurch with her oar.

     "See that? Just standing up upsets the canoe. The
luggage is in the center of the canoe and the suitcases are
at the bottom. We will have to walk half the length of the
canoe, rummage around in the luggage and again walk half the
length of the canoe back.  Chances are very good that
somewhere along the line it will tip the canoe.  We can't
chance it. We could have used your dirty socks, but I see you
are not wearing any."

     Greg gave up, However, he made one last attempt. "Could
you at least wash the panties  a bit in the water?"

     "Well, the water here is usually filthy, with a high
 coloform bacteria count. If I wash the panties and then put
 them in your mouth, chances are very good that it will make
 you very sick. We can't have that, not when you are going to
 spend several days outdoors. Diane's panties here, while
 they may not be pleasant smelling, (here she sniffed the
 panties and wrinkled her nose at the smell) at least will
 not lead to any illness on your part.  Now come on, you have
 stalled long enough.  Open up."

     Greg had ran out of arguments and did not have any
choice. He opened his mouth wide and Helen inserted Diane's
dirty panties into his mouth. The foul taste of Diane's
panties assailed his senses immediately. Helen stuffed the
panties into his mouth with her finger.

     "Now close your mouth."

     He found that he could close his mouth almost
completely.  Helen took scotch tape from her purse and taped
his mouth shut.

     "There. Now we won't have any back talk from you. It
will take us two hours to row. After one hour, we will take a
little break and I will remove the gag for a few minutes. But
until then give your full attention to rowing and follow my
orders to the letter. Let's get this show on the road."

     Helen sat next to him on the very small bench. Soon they
were on their way. He could smell her perfume and it was
driving him crazy.  Here he was in a canoe with two gorgeous
women but he wasn't able to do anything except obey Helen's
orders.

     The rapids were fast and looked very dangerous. However,
as Helen had mentioned, the two of them seemed to know the
way and the rowing did not seem too hard. Helen and Diane
were chattering non stop, with Helen giving him orders once
in a while. Greg could listen, but could not participate.

     After abut one hour, Helen asked him to stop rowing and
Diane kept treading water to keep the canoe stationary. Helen
peeled off the scotch tape and removed the panties from his
mouth.

     "Thank you, Helen." he said. It felt good without the
gag in his mouth. He saw that the dark brown streaks had
almost disappeared. The urine stains also were gone.  He
could still taste Diane's juices. His mouth tasted terrible,
with taste of piss, shit and Diane's vaginal juices mixed
together.

     "How is the water here?" he asked Helen.

     "It's probably all right. However, it is better not to
risk it. The water is fine where you are going. Better wait
another hour before rinsing your mouth. Now that's enough
chit chat. Time to get going. Open up."

     Again the stinky panties went into his mouth. He knew it
was going to take a long time to get the taste of Diane's
juices out of his mouth once they reached the shore.

     Finally, after what seemed a long time, they reached the
shore. By now, Greg's arms were hurting terribly. With a
great deal of difficulty, he helped unload the boat. Diane,
however, seemed to be in good spirits. She had hardly worked
up a sweat even after all that rowing.

     Diane and Helen got out of the canoe easily. However, as
Greg stood up and took one step, the canoe lurched
dangerously. Greg froze with fear. He could not take another
step forward.

     "I am sorry, dear. I did not think." Helen said as she
stepped back into the canoe and came towards him.

     "Here, I will hold your hand. Don't be scared, baby, I
won't let go. Now start walking slowly with me.  Easy does
it.  That's a good boy. There, all done.  That wasn't so bad,
was it?"

     First thing Greg did was to wash his mouth with water.
After repeated washing, the bad taste in his mouth seemed to
decrease a little bit.

     "It will take time to get the taste out of your mouth,
Greg. Just leave it. You may wish to wash your mouth with
soap later on. That is what is done to naughty boys who put
things in their mouth that they shouldn't." Helen said.

     "Ha ha. Very funny." Greg remarked.

     "Kidding aside, great job, Greg. You did very well. For
someone who has never rowed before, you rowed one of the most
difficult routes in water. You deserve a reward."

     "A kiss?" he said, to get back at her.

     "Don't be absurd. You should be so lucky. When you are
done with Diane  in a few days' time, we will talk and see if
something works out between us. No, I meant a candy bar.
Here is one for you and one Diane, for you." She took two
Three Musketeers candy bars from her purse and handed them
one each.

     "Thanks, Helen. I am not going to eat mine now. Greg,
would you please keep mine with you?"

     "Well, I don't feel like eating it now either. Not with
the terrible taste still in my mouth." Greg pocketed both the
candy bars.

     Every little move in the ladies' plot was carefully
choreographed. It was important that Greg put at least one
candy bar in his pocket. Diane was pleased when he put both
of them in his pocket.

     "By the way, it is O.K. to rinse your mouth in the lake
water here. Drinking the lake water is also O.K. However, to
be on the safe side, use this." She produced a small bottle
from her purse. "This is iodine solution. Mix one or two
drops with one liter of water and it will purify the water,
killing the germs. It has the same effect as boiling the
water. I am sure your daddy has packed a few more bottles for
you." She handed the bottle to Diane.

     "Excuse me, ladies. I have to take a leak."

     As soon as he was out of earshot, Helen whispered to
Diane "Well, good luck, dear. I have done my bit. He has got
a taste of you bodily fluids. He has been introduced to the
concept of obeying orders from a woman without question. From
here on it is upto you."

     "And you have done all the other preparations that we
discussed."

     "It's all taken care of. Good luck."

     "Don't worry, everything will be fine. see you in a few
days." Diane said.

     Diane pulled Helen in her embrace and kissed her deeply.
As they were involved in a passionate kiss, Greg returned. He
was surprised to see them kissing. When they were finished,
he asked them "Are you ladies lesbians? If so, I am wasting
my time with Diane."

     "Helen and I go both ways, Greg. We are as comfortable
with guys as with girls." Diane replied.

     "Well, I must be off. I will back in one week. When I
return, I want to hear the words 'mission accomplished'. Have
fun you two, and be careful of the coral snake.  Remember,
black, yellow and red bands."

     "Are there coral snakes here?" Greg asked.

     "Yes, there are. But don't worry. I have handled coral
snakes many times. We will be all right." Diane replied.

     "Well, shall we take our stuff over to the cabin?"

     "What cabin?"

     "Why, the cabin where we are going to live."

     "There has been some misunderstanding, Greg. there is no
cabin."

     "You said that it will be a bit rough, so I assumed that
there is a cabin."

     "Well, I never said that there was a cabin. I just said
that conditions are a bit rough. What you see is all there
is."

     "But where are we going to live?"

     "Oh, I am sure daddy has given us sleeping bags, tent,
an air mattress and all the other essential supplies."

     "Well, if I had known that conditions were this
primitive, I would have opted for the motel. Where do we
shower, go to toilet?"

     "If you cast your mind back, I never said there was a
cabin. You jumped to conclusions. As for shower, we bathe in
the lake. By the way, see this stagnant pool here? That is
where you bathe. The water is calm over here and also is
shallow, like a kiddy pool, so that there no question of
you drowning.  I will swim for my bath.  The currents are
very fast here, so be careful.  Don't venture beyond the
kiddy pool.  If you get into trouble, I won't be able to
rescue you. The currents are just too strong. As for toilet,
the whole outdoors is our toilet.  We will pick out a spot
soon.  I am sure daddy has packed tissue paper for us. If you
don't know how to do toilet outdoors, why, I will have to
toilet train you."

     Diane had already started working on Greg. She had
assumed the dominant role, with Greg reduced to obeying her
orders.

     "Now why don't we go for a little hike? That will free
up our cramped muscles. After coming back, we can unpack, set
up the tents and fix us a nice meal."

     "But I have never set up a tent before in my life."

     "I have. Just follow my orders, do what I tell you and
you will be all right."

     Greg was now definitely feeling apprehensive. He will
have to spend the whole week doing Diane's bidding. He did
not know a thing about outdoors, but following Diane's orders
was definitely not what he had in mind.

     He decided to assert himself. "Well, I am feeling rather
tired. I don't think I want to go on any hike. Why don't you
go alone? I will unpack what I can while you are gone. First
I want to relax with a beer."

     "Too bad. I know a spot about twenty minutes walk from
here. The view is gorgeous, there is a nice clearing and it
is in the shade. I thought we could start our sex-o-rama at
that spot."

     "You mean do it out in the open?"

     "Why not? Who is going to see us, except may be a few
squirrels and birds?"

     Greg had not thought of doing it outdoors, but the idea
certainly had merit.

     "Well, maybe I am not that tired after all. A short walk
with passionate sex at the end of it may be just what we both
of us need."

     "That's the spirit. I knew you will agree. I will get a
sheet to lay down on the ground and we will be off."

     "Let me at least get a beer before we start."

     "There is no beer, Greg. I already asked Helen. Since we
are camping out in the open, daddy had to supply us with just
about everything and there was no room for drinks of any
kind. The only kind of beer you will get is mother nature's
own beer." she said, indicating the lake.

     Greg was still wearing trousers. "Would you like to
change into shorts before we start?" Diane said as she
changed into shorts, folded her skirt and put it in her
suitcase.

     "I suppose so." Greg changed into shorts and following
Diane, also put the trousers back in his suitcase. "Perfect."
Diane thought to herself.

     Diane put the sheet in a bag and handed it to Greg.
"Here, you carry it." As Greg held the bag, he winced with
pain, but did not say anything.

     Diane, however, noticed his pained expression and asked
him "What's the matter, Greg? Do your arms hurt?"

     "Well, yes. A bit." Greg answered, embarrassed.

     "It's all right. Rowing is hard work. When I did it the
first time, my arms were sore as well. Here, let me carry the
bag for you." she said, taking the bag from him. "You save
your energy for when we reach the clearing." She said with a
wink.

     Poor Greg, he had never been so humiliated in his life.
However, he started following Diane down the trail.

     They were off. The path soon became difficult and
started going uphill. In several places there was a steep
climb.  Greg found it hard going and several times Diane had
to give him a hand, thus enforcing the feeling of inadequacy
and inferiority on his part.

     They were climbing through dense forest. The path was
wide enough for only one person, Diane leading the way. He
could see her strong, muscular legs and tight, gorgeous ass
sway from side to side and he wanted her badly. He had an
uncontrollable hard on.  Soon he will be able to have her.

     After forty minutes of hard slog, Greg was totally
tired. He finally asked Diane "Well, where is the clearing?
You said it was twenty minutes walk from the shore."

     "It is twenty minutes walk by my pace. You are walking
way too slow. Anyway, we are almost there. There is a steep
climb here. Here, let me give you a hand."

     After a few minutes of walking, to his relief, he heard
Diane say "Oh, here it is."

     As Greg climbed the last bit, he joined Diane in the
clearing. There was indeed a breathtaking view of the valley
on one side. It was a fairly small clearing, with part of it
being in the shade.

     Greg tried to take Diane in his arms, but Diane moved
away from him.

     "Soon, darling, soon. I have to go pee. I see you are
all ready." she said, noticing his hard on. "Why don't you
spread the sheet in the shade over there.  I will be right
back."

     She went into the trees, leaving Greg in the clearing.
She did not have to look hard for the box that Helen had left
in the trees. She unlocked the box with her key and lifted
the basket inside it. She opened the basket and smiled when
she saw the live snake with multi colored bands. She hoped
Helen remembered to feed it.

     She carried the basket close to the clearing. Then she
picked up the snake (one hand just behind his head and the
other near his tail) and heaved it into the clearing, in the
sun, so that it landed facing Greg.  "Now the fun begins."
She said to herself.

     Greg was oblivious to all this. He had just spread the
sheet on the ground in the shade and was putting the bag away
when he saw the snake.

     He looked up and saw this multicolored snake charge
towards him. Now, many individuals have an irrational,
pathological fear of snakes (totally unjustified, of course,
but there it is). He saw the snake had yellow, black and red
bands and he was charging furiously towards him.

     If Greg had known his snakes, he would have realized
that this was not the dreaded coral snake. The bands of the
coral snakes go yellow-black-yellow-red-yellow-black-yellow-
red and so on.  This was a scarlet king snake and his bands
went black-yellow-black-red-black-yellow-black-red and so on.

     The scarlet king snake is a perfectly harmless snake,
who achieves some degree of protection from the predators by
imitating his deadly cousin, the coral snake. Mother nature
is full of examples of mimicry like this.

     The poor fellow was probably as scared as Greg, since he
was yanked out of his comfortable home in the basket and
thrown into the sunlight. He was not charging towards Greg,
but was rushing towards the shade, where he could disappear
into the dark and comforting bushes.

     However, his more developed human cousin did not know
any of this. He saw that this coral snake was charging
towards him, presumably with the aim of biting him. He tried
to run into the trees. However, he tripped on a tree root and
fell down screaming. As the snake crawled into the shade, he
came into contact with his bare left leg (he was wearing
shorts).  The snake slithered over his left leg and
disappeared into the bushes.  The moment the snake started
crawling over his leg, Greg wet himself.

     As the snake scurried into the bushes, Diane was waiting
for him. She calmly picked up the snake, put him into the
basket, put the basket in the box and came back into the
clearing.  She still had some use for the snake and she will
pick it up later.

     "Why, what's the matter, Greg? she exclaimed when she
saw him. By now Greg had managed to sit down. Diane folded
the sheet and put it back into the bag.

     Greg was terrified. He was shaking all over  and
speechless with terror.  "Well, cat got your tongue?" she
asked him.

     "B-b-big, c-c-coral s-s-s-s"

     "What are you saying? Did you see a coral snake?"

     "Y-y-yes, I d-d-did. It was h-h-huge. It almost b-b-bit
me."

     Diane smiled to herself at these pack of lies. He was
trying to justify his terror to himself and trying to save
face with her.

     "Oh, I see him there in the bushes." she said as she ran
into the bushes. She returned in a couple of minutes, giving
Greg a chance to catch his breath. When she returned, Greg
was sitting on the ground, holding his head in his hands.  He
was literally shaking with fear.  She sat on a rock, so that
her head was at higher level than his. She took him in her
arms and cradled him to her ample breasts.

    "There, there, sweetie.  Don't be afraid. I have taken
care of the nasty snake."

     "Did, did you kill him?" Greg asked hopefully, looking
up at her. By now he had somewhat recovered.

     "Kill him? Certainly not. Snake is as much the creature
of mother nature as you and I. He has he same right to live.
I took him a distance away and let him loose in the bushes.
He won't bother us any more. "

     She looked down at him. "You are all soaked." She
sniffed. "That is not all sweat, is it?"

     He looked down and shook his head. She let go of him and
stood up.

     "Well, you can't walk the rest of the way like this. You
will have to remove your clothes."

     "But what will I wear?"

     "Hmm, let us see. I could put a diaper on you. That is
the only thing I can think of."

     "What? Do you have a diaper with you?" Some of the old
Greg was now returning.

     "See that tree with big leaves? Those trees are
everywhere. I could prepare a makeshift diaper with several
of those leaves and some scotch tape. I have scotch tape in
my purse."

     "No, thank you. I prefer to walk with piss-soaked
clothes. It may be deeply embarrassing, but it is better than
wearing a diaper."

     Diane shrugged. "Well, suit yourself."

     Again they started walking, Diane leading the way.
Although he put a brave face before Diane, Greg was mortified
with shame and embarrassment. His erection, of course, had
disappeared a long time ago. Neither he nor Diane mentioned
the original purpose for which they had come to the clearing.
Now all Greg wanted to do was to go back to the camp and wash
up.  The smell of urine emanating from his body was becoming
unbearable to himself. For a moment, he wished he had
accepted Diane's offer to diaper him.

     Soon they encountered black flies. The black flies
seemed to gather more around Greg. "They are attracted to the
smell of urine. Just wave them away. They seem fairly
harmless, for now." Diane said to him.

     As they were walking, Diane was looking this way and
that, trying to see if she could further humiliate Greg in
any other way. She just wanted to scare the shit out of him
by using the snake. Greg wetting his pants had come as a
bonus.  This episode had shaken him. However, it will take
several episodes of humiliation to break his spirit. She
still had several days to make things interesting for Greg.
The old Greg was slowly returning. If only she could strike
again while the iron was hot. She decided to keep her eyes
open.

     Soon they came to a large clearing. As Diane emerged
into the clearing, she froze in her tracks. At the other end
of the clearing, near the bushes, was a black bear. As Greg
joined her, she whispered to him "We are in trouble. The bear
has not seen us. Let us sneak back. No, too late." As she was
speaking, the bear spotted them. Greg almost peed in his
pants again. To him, the bear looked huge (it was average
sized, but Greg had never seen a bear before).

     It wouldn't do to run now. The bear may give chase and a
bear can run much faster than humans can. She broke off two
large branches from a nearby tree and gave one to Greg. The
bear was still staring at them, unsure what to do. He gave an
experimental growl.

     Greg was already sick to the pit of his stomach. While
fear of snakes is insubstantial, fear of a bear is very real.
He had occasionally seen on TV news reports of attacks by
bears. He was wondering if the bear would attack and he, of
course, didn't have a clue as to how to deal with the attack.
When he heard (what to him was) the bloodcurdling growl, he
could feel urine escape his penis. He tried to hold it in,
but a little bit of it escaped into his clothes. He was able
to hold most of it in.

     "Now, do as I do. Don't ask any dumb questions." Diane
hissed. She took the branch in one hand, linked the other
hand with Greg and raised both her hands. Greg looked at her
and did the same.  Then yelling "MARY HAD A LITTLE LAMB" at
the top of her voice, she started advancing very slowly
towards the bear.

     Greg was astonished by this behavior. However, this was
not the time to ask questions. He joined in the singing,
yelling at the top of his voice. Diane knew only four lines.

     Mary had a little lamb
     Its fleece was white as snow
     And everywhere that Mary went
     The lamb was sure to go.

     Then she started from the first line again. The bear was
beginning to get uneasy. He had never seen a beast like this
before, one with four legs, three arms and two heads.
Judging from the amount of noise it was making, it must be a
ferocious beast and a formidable adversary. Two of its limbs
seem to be pointed at him, in a threatening gesture. He stood
undecided for a minute.  The monster was still advancing.
Finally, the bear decided he was better off somewhere else
and ran off in the opposite direction.

     Diane continued singing for another two minutes and then
stopped. Greg looked at her with new found respect and awe.
"How, how did you know what to do?"

     "Oh, that. Well, I have had an encounter with a bear
before. But we had our share of luck." She decided not to
tell him the truth. She may be able to use the truth against
him at a future stage.

     "You see, Greg, the bear is naturally an aggressive
animal. If in doubt, it will attack first and think later.
Our only chance was to convince him that we are bigger than
him. Otherwise he would have torn us into pieces. We were
lucky in addition to me being skillful." She did not mention
to him that she also carried a loaded gun in her purse, for
an emergency.

     "Well, you certainly know the wilderness. I do feel
safe with you about."

     Now Diane saw her chance. "You do know what attracted
the bear, don't you?"

     "No, I don't. What was it?"

     "Why, the smell of your urine, of course."

     "What?"

     "You see that is how a bear marks its territory. He
urinates on tree stumps, tree trunks, bushes, anything that
happens to be handy. That tells other bears that it is his
territory and they stay away from it. The bear was probably
half a kilometer away, minding his own business. However,
a bear has a very strong sense of smell. It probably got a
whiff of your urine and came to investigate whether you are
any competition to him.'

     "And you saved my life. Thank you, Diane. I will never
forget this."

     "Next time we may not be so lucky. Most of the bear
human encounters end with serious injury to humans. Now will
you please let me put the diaper on you?  We don't want the
bear coming back, do we?"

     "Oh, all right, I guess." He was still reluctant.

     "Don't be that way, Greg. It is for your own good.
Actually for the good of both of us. Now that we know that
a bear is in the vicinity, we should take all the possible
precautions."

     After they walked a little more, they came to a small
clearing. The ground was a bit uneven. However, there was
enough space to lay down the sheet and there were two of
the trees with big leaves nearby.  "I think this spot will
do." Diane said as she lay down the sheet.  "Now, remove all
your clothes.  And to hell with false modesty."

     He stripped naked. In the meantime, Diane picked several
of the large leaves and taped them together to prepare a
makeshift diaper. He lay down on the sheet and Diane slipped
the diaper underneath him.

     "Oh, my god, did you pee in your trousers again?"

     "Well, just a little." By now Greg had gone beyond
embarrassment.

     "Peeing just a little is like being just a little
pregnant." Diane said cruelly.

     "I better use some of my hand cream as lubricant." she
said, rubbing hand cream over his penis area. As she was
doing this, he could not help but think that this was all
wrong. Diane was supposed to lay down on the sheet, not him.

     As Diane rubbed hand cream on his penis, he started
getting an erection. However, Diane slapped his penis. "Now,
none of that." she said to him. "I do not want to have sex
with a piss-boy. You peed uncontrollably twice today, both
times out of fright. Do not even think of having sex with me,
ever again."

     "Y-you did p-promise me a fuck, re-remember?"

     "Well, we will talk about it later, when you are not
reeking of piss."

     Soon she was finished applying the hand cream. "I think
I better spray some of my perfume on your penis. That will
mask the smell of urine until we get back."

     She had bought a bottle of cheap perfume for just such
an eventuality. However, to Greg she said "I hope you realize
how much it is costing me. This perfume does not come cheap,
you know."

     "Yes, I know, Diane. And believe me, I am grateful."

     Soon she finished diapering him. "You can't carry your
clothes with you. That will defeat the whole purpose of
diapering you. We will have to leave your clothes here. The
reek of urine may well bring back our unwelcome visitor."

     "What do we do with my clothes then?"

     "I will put them under a tree, and cover them with
rocks. The smell will be almost gone in a few days and we can
pick up the clothes the day before we leave. Now stay here
and stay out of trouble. I will be back in a few minutes."

     "Please don't leave me, Diane. What if the bear comes
back?"

     "Oh, don't be such a baby. I will be right back."

     Greg was still under shock from the encounter with the
bear. He was shaking with fear. Diane finished hiding his
clothes quickly. She could see him from the bushes, cowering
in abject terror, wearing nothing but a makeshift diaper of
green leaves.  "Perfect angle." she thought as she took
pictures with her digital camera. She also took one minute of
video footage.  The whole thing could be transferred to her
computer later on.

     When she returned, they were off again, Diane leading
the way and Greg following in his makeshift diaper. They
stopped once more. Greg's diaper needed repairs. She picked a
couple more leaves and fixed his diaper. Then she went into
the bushes supposedly to pee.  She again took his pictures
and video footage.

     By the time they returned to the shore, Greg was hurting
all over. All he wanted to do was rest. However, Diane would
have none of that.

     "We still have about three hours of daylight left. We
have to set up the tent, and unpack as much stuff as we can
before it gets dark. We can unpack what is left tomorrow. We
still have to make dinner. There no time to rest. Let us get
to work."

     They worked for a while, unpacking a few boxes. They
found two tents, sleeping bags and a double air mattress.
Diane was working twice as fast as Greg and she unpacked a
lot more that Greg did. After a while, Greg had enough. He
just quit and sat down on the ground.

     "I am really, really tired, Diane. Can't we please rest
for a while?"

     "Oh, stop your whining, Greg. Look at it this way. you
will be able to sleep well tonight. I know a way of getting
rid of some of the tiredness. Let us both take baths before
we get back to work. You in your kiddy pool and I will swim
a few laps in the lake. Mind you don't get into trouble now.
Here is soap for you." She produced two bars of soap which
she had found in one of the boxes, and handed one to him.

     She stripped naked in front of him and jumped into the
lake. Normally the sight of her gorgeous naked body would
have given Greg instant hard on. But he was too tired to
care.

     He bathed in the still pool cautiously. The cool water
felt good on his hot, tired body. He was surprised how
refreshed he felt at the end of the bath.  In the meantime,
Diane had completed several laps and she was toweling
herself dry as he emerged from the pool.

     "Thanks for the idea, Diane. I feel much better."

     "You have a lot to learn about outdoors, Greg. Cold
water is great for getting rid of tiredness. Much more so
than hot water."

     "Let's get dressed and get to work."

     Greg opened his suitcase and took out a pair of shorts.
As he was about to put them on, Diane said "Wait a minute
Greg."

     Greg looked at her with a question mark.

     "There is  a bit of good news. One of the boxes dad sent
is full of adult diapers. My dad is incontinent and he uses
diapers.  One of his diaper boxes must have got mixed up with
our stuff. Anyway, what this means is that you won't have to
wear leaves any more, but will be able to use proper
diapers." She spread a sheet on the ground.

     "Now if you will just lie down, we will get on with it."

     Greg looked at her astounded. "But why should I wear
diapers now?

     Diane was  exasperated, "Oh Greg, use your brains for a
change. We know the bear is on the loose. You have already
peed twice in your clothes. If the bear visits our campsite
at night and you pee after hearing him growl, he is certain
to enter our tent and rip it apart. Do you want to take the
risk? Even if you do, I don't."

     "Do you think the bear may visit us at night?"

     "I think it is quite likely. After all this is his home.
We are the intruders here. He may well come to check us out.
Don't worry. We will take all the possible precautions. And
putting you in diapers is one of them."

     "Do you mean to say I have to wear diapers 24/7?"

     "Of course not. You don't have to do your business in
diapers. You may remove it when you have to pee and put it
back on when you are done. The idea is not to turn you into a
baby, but to take reasonable precautions against the bear."

     Whenever Diane said something, Greg was never quite sure
whether she was telling the truth or whether she was setting
him up. However, in this instance she appeared to make
sense.

     "Oh, all right. I guess I could live with that."

     "And daddy has also sent baby powder, baby oil, the
whole thing. Now we can diaper you properly."

     Soon Diane had diapered him. As he started putting on
his shorts, Diane said to him "Greg, may I make a
suggestion?"

     "Well, yes."

     "You may wish to leave out the shorts. The diaper is
quite thick and the day is still warm. With shorts on, you
will sweat much more. There are just the two of us here.
Since I myself put the diaper on you, you cannot possibly
be embarrassed to waddle around in diaper in front of me.
You just will be more comfortable without any clothes."

     "I suppose you are right."

     "Good. Now let us get to work."

     Her daddy had provided two tents. "We will use one for
sleeping and one to store supplies." Under her expert
supervision, the two of them set up the tents and inflated
the air mattress. For their tent Diane chose a spot a
distance away from water. She also kept a good bit of
distance between their tent and the supply tent.

     Then Diane said "It is getting late. We better finish
the rest of the unpacking tomorrow. Let us fix dinner. I have
looked through all the boxes briefly and I know which boxes
contain food."

     "It is only seven o'clock. The daylight should be around
for at least two more hours."

     "True, but we need at least one hour of daylight after
dinner to tidy up. Then we go to bed at sundown."

     They lit fire and cooked dinner. After dinner they
lingered a while over the coffee, just relaxing and talking.

     Then Diane said "Now to tidy up. First we have to bury
the garbage. We don't have any plastic garbage today. But if
we did, we would wash it thoroughly with water and take it
with us when we go back to civilization. Anything else, egg
shells, fruit peels etc. we bury in a deep hole."

     They went a fair bit away from their tent and buried the
garbage in a deep hole. As they were coming back, Diane said
"Now for the food. Remember our friend, the bear? Well, he
may pay us a visit looking for food. So it wouldn't do to
leave our food lying about. Bears are always hungry. The
single most reason they visit campsites is that people
carelessly leave food lying around and bears can smell food
from a long distance away."

     "Then what do we do with the food?"

     "We put all the food in a container and hang it high
between two trees, so that the bear cannot get at it. Here,
help me pack everything in the container daddy has sent. God
bless daddy. He has thought of everything."

     As they were packing, Greg said to her "Why are you
packing canned goods and dried food packets? Surely even a
bear cannot smell food in an unopened can?"

     "Have you heard of Yosemite National Park in
California?"

     "Yes, I have never been there, but I have heard of it."

     "There the bears have learned to recognize the food
cans. They cannot read, of course. But when they see a food
can, from its general appearance they can make out there is
food in it.  They will attack it and at the very least mangle
it.  Bears are highly intelligent animals.  Now our friend
here has not been exposed to people that much, so I doubt if
he can recognize a food can or a dried food packet, but I
don't want to take any chances. If we had plastic garbage, I
would put that also in the container, after washing it
thoroughly with soap and water."

     They rigged up the pulley system, Greg working under
Diane's supervision. It involved climbing both the trees.
Greg was dead tired and sore all over and of course could not
climb the trees.  Diane had to do it. By the time they had
finished hanging up the food, it was beginning to get dark.
"Let's stop now.  We will finish unpacking tomorrow.  We can
leave the cartons as they are.  Except our suitcases.  They
should be protected in the case of rain. The cartons are
waterproof.  Why don't you put our suitcases in the supply
tent."

     By the time Greg returned, he was feeling pretty good
(notwithstanding his diaper), though extremely tired. After
he got ready for bed, he asked Diane "How about we get it on
tonight?  After all, you promised."

     "So I did." Diane said with a smile. She had this
picture of him waddling about in his diaper the whole
evening. "Tell you what. Don't remove your diaper just yet,
but just get into the bed.  I have to brush my teeth, take
care of a couple of minor things and then I will join you."

     "Well, get ready for the ride of a lifetime." Greg
boasted as he gave a gigantic yawn.

     "See you in a few minutes, lover." Diane replied.

     Greg entered their tent.  He had never been this tired
in his life. As soon as he lay down on the air mattress, he
was fast asleep.

     As Greg walked towards their tent, Diane brushed her
teeth and washed up at the lake. Then she removed her bra and
put on a nursing bra.  The nursing bra was the brainchild of
Helen.  "If he is scared out of his wits and you can get him
to nurse on your breasts, a nursing bra will make him feel
like a baby. He will start regarding you as a  mother figure,
an authority figure, someone much superior to him.  It is
great for breaking his spirit."

     One more thing to do and she can join the lover boy in
the tent. She walked over to the supply tent. She opened the
lids of both the suitcases and left them open. From Greg's
trouser pocket, she retrieved the two Three Musketeer bars.
As she had hoped, Greg had forgotten all about them. She
partially opened them and put them on the ground, besides the
suitcases. She came out of the tent and left the tent flap
undone. She opened the can of chicken broth she had brought
with her and poured its contents all over the roof and the
walls of the supply tent.

     "I hope after all these preparations you do pay us a
visit, Mr. Bear" she said.

     As Diane entered their tent, she saw that Greg was fast
asleep, just as she had expected. "Well, thanks for a wild
ride, big guy." she said as she kissed him on the forehead.
He was dead to the world. She made sure she had the loaded
gun next to her. Then she lay down besides him and soon she
was also fast asleep.

Day 2.

     Greg  woke up in the middle of the night. It was pitch
black in the tent. He found that Diane was fast asleep next
to him, snoring softly.  He wondered what had woke him up.
Then he heard the noises outside.  They had been going on for
a while, but he was so tired that it took him a while to wake
up. Suddenly he heard a throaty growl and he became very
scared. The growl awakened Diane. She turned to him and
whispered "Well it is the pesky bear again."

     Again there was a louder growl. Greg clung to Diane like
a frightened child. "I am scared, Diane." She held him to her
breasts.  "There, there, sweetie. Don't be scared. Diane
won't let the nasty bear get to you. Just lay down quietly
and the bear will go away."

     He remembered what Diane had told him. Most human bear
encounters end with serious injury to humans. He felt panic
rising within him. He started to sob into her large breasts.
"Please don't cry, honey. If the bear hears you he will most
certainly visit our tent. He is probably trashing the supply
tent, though I don't know why." She whispered in his ear.

     This frightened him even more and he wet his diaper
copiously. Diane guessed what was happening. She inserted her
hand inside his diaper and felt the stream on her hand. She
smiled to herself and kissed him on the forehead. Greg knew
that Diane knew what was happening and it added to his
humiliation. With effort, he was able to reduce his sobbing
to sniffling.

     "That is better, honey. But you must be totally quiet.
Bears have an acute sense of hearing." she whispered into his
ear.

     "We better do something about your sniveling." She
removed her hand from his diaper and wiped it on the outside
of his diaper. She undid the clasp on her nursing bra,
exposing one breast. Greg, of course, could not see anything
in the total darkness. She held her large breast in one hand
and with the other hand, guided his face to her large, brown
tit.  His lips closed around her tit and he started sucking
vigorously.  He could feel the clasp of her nursing bra
brushing his cheek.

     "That's a good boy. You suck all you want, honey. That
way you won't cry and the nasty Mr. Bear won't hear you."

     Greg felt very secure and protected as he lay in Diane's
arms, suckling on her breast. He knew she wouldn't let
anything happen to him. He did not know exactly what she
would do if the bear entered their tent, but by now he had
developed a child like faith in her abilities. He clung to
her tightly and started sucking harder. Diane rubbed his
cheek with the clasp of her nursing bra and kissed him
lightly on his forehead.

     The noises subsided gradually and soon both of them fell
asleep again, with Greg nursing on her breast.

     When Greg woke up, daylight was streaming through the
tent walls. He still had Diane's nipple in his mouth. Diane
was also awake, looking down at him lovingly. She kissed him
on the forehead and said "Let us go and see how much damage
the bear has done, shall we?" He winced as he got an awful
whiff of her morning breath.

     When she mentioned the bear, it brought back the events
of the night. He clung to her tightly and said "Do we have
to?  Let us just lie here for a while."

     "Oh, don't worry, dear. The bear must have left hours
ago."

     As they were walking towards the supply tent, Diane said
"I just don't understand it. I thought I had taken every
precaution. We put all the food up in the trees. What could
have attracted the bear?"

     To Diane, the bear was a god send. The original plan was
to simulate the bear attack. She was going to trash the
supply tent in the middle of the night, confident that Greg
would be too exhausted to wake up. However, a real bear
attack would look more convincing than a simulated one. Just
one thing she wanted to be sure of. She had got up at dawn,
visited the supply tent and had found there what she was
looking for. She had left everything as it was and gone back
to sleep.

     Soon they reached the tent and started to look around.
"What is that awful smell?" It was , of course, the smell of
stale chicken broth. "Oh, that must be the bear urine." Diane
replied.

     The bear had completely trashed the tent. Pieces of tent
fabric were everywhere. Both the suitcases had been shredded
and all their clothes were torn to bits. "Just as well we did
not put any of the boxes in the tent." Diane said. After a
couple of minutes, she cried out "Oh, this explains the
attack.  Here is the culprit." Greg hurried over to her side.
She was holding a piece of the candy wrapper in her hand.
"Does this look familiar, Greg?"

     Greg's heart sank as he saw the piece of paper. "Oh, I
forgot all about the candy bars. I am sorry, Diane. I really
am."
     Diane was angry. "Really, are you stupid or what? After
my repeated warnings about leaving food lying around, you
still left candy bars in your trousers? I know you are a
novice then it comes to outdoors, but that does not mean that
you have to check your brain at the door."

     "What can I say, Diane? I goofed. I completely forgot
about the candy bars. What can I do to make it up to you?
Just name it and I will do it"

     "Well, all our clothes are gone. You at least have your
diapers. But all I have is what I am wearing."

     "But I don't want to spend the rest of the vacation in
diapers."

     "Well do you know how to make clothes from tree bark?
Even I don't have that skill. What are you complaining about
anyway? At least you get to change clothes. If I want a
change of clothes, I have to get naked and wash what I am
wearing. Then it will take several hours to dry it. No,
guilty as you are, you still have the better of the bargain."

     "This vacation totally sucks. I wish I had accepted your
suggestion of checking into the motel and returning to city
the next day."

     "Tell me about it. Well, what is done is done. There is
no point in crying over spilt milk, or torn clothes in this
case.  Let us wash up, make breakfast and finish the
unpacking. But first, let me change your diaper. I know you
are soaked." She said with a knowing smile.

     Greg remembered the previous night and turned red with
shame.  However, he lay still as Diane dried him, applied
baby oil, and powdered and diapered him. He did not even put
up a token resistance this time. He had wet himself several
times so far and Diane had managed to convince him that the
only way to keep the bear at bay was to prevent the smell of
urine from reaching him.

     By the time they had washed up and finished a breakfast
of pancakes and sausages, both of them felt better. "Let us
get on with unpacking then." Diane said. There were still
several boxes left.

     As Diane  opened the second box, she exclaimed "Oh, joy.
Oh, joy. Our problem is solved. Look what this box contains."

     The box contained mainly female clothes. There were two
shorts, several blouses, a couple of sweatshirts and three
skirts and a pair of women's jeans. All the blouses were very
frilly and feminine looking.

     "Daddy is truly a king among men. There are enough
clothes here for both of us." Her imaginary daddy was
certainly coming in very handy.

     "Great. I will take the shorts. They are not very
feminine. And the sweatshirts. Perhaps the jeans. You will
look good in skirts and frilly blouses."

     "The hell I will. When I am outdoors I prefer to be
comfortable rather than look good. And anyway, I never wear
such frilly clothes. I don't know why daddy sent these. I
guess he still thinks I am his sweet, innocent little girl.
Or maybe he just wishes I would start wearing frilly clothes.
Have you ever seen me in frilly clothes like these?"

     "Well, no. But these are not work clothes, more like
party clothes. We have never met socially before so I
wouldn't know."

     "Well, take my word for it. I never wear clothes like
these. It is just one of dad's fantasies. No, it is shorts
and sweatshirts for me. You are welcome to borrow the skirts
and blouses."

     "Have a heart, Diane. I would look ridiculous in skirt
and blouse."

     "Well, you are hardly in a position to argue. It was
your fault that we lost all our clothes. This is the least
you can do to make up for your mistake. No, it is skirt and
blouse for you for the rest of the vacation."

     "Well, I don't know. I may prefer to go without clothes
rather than wear female clothes."

     "And spend the rest of the vacation in just diapers.
Yeah, that is much more dignified. Well, suit yourself. But
you forget the black flies. Once those little minxes become
horny, they start biting anything in sight, right and left."

     "Minxes? Horny? What are you talking about? The black
flies we saw yesterday were totally harmless."

     "Greg, mosquitoes, black flies and similar insects do
not bite for food, but for reproduction. The females lack a
certain chemical necessary in the production of the egg
shell.  They can get that chemical only through haemoglobin
from the blood. That is why they bite. The males do not bite
at all.  The females bite only when they are in heat.
Mosquitoes are, of course, in heat all the time. Black flies
come in heat in early August.  I was surprised that they did
not bite yesterday.  But they will start biting any day now.
If we go anywhere in the woods and you are attacked by black
flies, it won't be a pretty site. A bite from a black fly is
quite painful and leads to considerable amount of swelling.
If I were you, I would wear any clothes I can get
my hands on."

     Greg looked at Diane. Was she telling the complete
truth, half truth or a total lie?  He had no way of knowing.
He wished (not for the last time) that he knew more about
outdoors. He shrugged. It wasn't worth the risk.

     "All right. If you say so."

     "I think you are doing the right thing. Just a while ago
you were complaining that you did not want to spend the rest
of the vacation in diapers. Any clothes are better than no
clothes at all. Besides, when Helen comes to pick us up,
would you rather face her in diapers or in skirt and blouse?"

     "And those are my only choices?"

     "I am afraid so. Now let us get dressed and continue
unpacking."

     Diane  changed her clothes. Greg put on a skirt and a
blouse.  The skirt easily fit over his diaper and he wondered
about that.

     "Oh, there are also panties and bras in here. Since you
are wearing a diaper, you don't need panties. But would you
like to wear a bra? That would protect your blouse to some
extent from sweat."

     "No, thank you. I would prefer to wear a sweat soaked
blouse to wearing a bra, if those are my only choices."

     Diane shrugged. At least she was able to get him into
female clothing. During the unpacking, she found several
excuses to go into the bushes and take his pictures and video
footage.

     The unpacking went on well after lunch. They found
another tent, which they set up again as a supply tent. There
was another stove, some more canned food, a couple of beach
umbrellas (also three more bottles of iodine solution) and
much more.

     In the afternoon Diane suggested another hike in the
woods. It was hot and they were both sweating. "This time we
will be prepared for the bear, since we know there is one
about.  We are both getting a little hot.  Let's really work
up a sweat by a hike and then we can come back and have a
nice bath. Before we go, do you need changing?"

     "Very funny, Diane. I have not used my diaper at all."

     "I know that, Greg. What I meant was that by removing
and replacing the diaper a couple of times, the adhesive tape
might have started coming loose."

     "It seems to be all right."

     Diane checked it herself. It seemed to be adequate.  "It
should be all right until tonight. I will change your diaper
before we go to bed."

     Soon they were off. This time Diane took them on a
different hike. Helen was supposed to have placed three booby
traps on this trail. She was leading the way as before and
she was on the lookout for the first trap.

     As Greg followed her, he could see her hard muscular
thighs, shapely legs and tight ass. Man, she was one hot
babe.  Maybe today he could talk her into having sex.

     This trail did not go into the mountains, like
yesterday's trail and Greg was able to walk this one without
Diane's help.

     Diane soon came across a wild cherry tree. The tiny
berries were bright red and ripe. They looked very tempting.
As her hand started traveling towards the tree, she nearly
broke her arm snatching it back just in time.

     In a flash, she thought of a way of greatly adding to
Greg's humiliation if only he would cooperate a little bit.
She looked back as Greg was passing the tree. Her heart leapt
with joy as he picked a few berries and popped them into his
mouth.

     She let him chew a couple of times. Then she suddenly
yelled out. "Oh, my god. Did you eat some of those berries?"
Greg, totally confused nodded. "Stop chewing. And whatever
you do, don't swallow. Didn't you know that the berries are
poisonous?"

     "No." He replied with mouth full.

     "Don't talk, sweetie. You may accidentally swallow. Open
your mouth." She slapped his cheek lightly. "Come on, open
wide."

     As he opened his mouth, she placed his chin  in  the
palm of her hand and held his face by placing her fingers on
both his cheeks. Then she squeezed his cheeks hard so that
his face would stay open. She started scooping out cherry
pulp and pits from his mouth with the two fingers of her
other hand.

     "It is my fault. I should have warned you about this
tree. This is the 'poison cherry', a distant cousin of poison
ivy. Its berries are bright red, as opposed to white berries
of poison ivy. But they are a deadly poison, same as poison
ivy berries. The animals thrive on them. But if you swallow
even a little bit, it will kill you. The berries are very
deceptive in that they taste sweet and not bitter." She was
scooping stuff rapidly out of his mouth as she was talking.

     She stopped and said "It's no good. There are just too
many tiny bits in your mouth. I can't scoop out them all. You
need to rinse. But there is no water nearby. I have an idea.
Keep your mouth open and don't swallow." She moved closer to
him and stood upon a small rock so that her face was at
slightly higher level compared to his. At this close
proximity she smelled of stale sweat and he wondered how he
could have thought her sexy just a few minutes ago.

     Greg was now really scared. The threat with coral snake
was speculative at best. The threat with bear was more
direct. However, here the poison was directly in his mouth.
Never had he come so close to death. He kept his mouth open.
He could see Diane's face directly above his. He could see
the beads of sweat on her forehead. He could see that she was
working her jaws and lips and he knew what was coming. Soon
she spat out a small amount of spit.  She was thirsty and her
spit was thick and foamy.  It hung on to her lips by a long
strand as it descended slowly. He felt revolted.  However,
slowly her spit broke off from her lips and landed in his
mouth.  Here he was, wearing a frilly blouse and a skirt,
about to take a woman's spit in his mouth.  Can humiliation
be carried any further, he wondered. The answer was, of
course, yes.

     "Now, remember, don't swallow. Just rinse your mouth and
spit it out. As he spat, he could see tiny red bits of
cherries in the spit. Diane repeated the procedure again. She
was able to generate a bit more spit compared to last time.
This time he could smell her sour breath.  However, never was
he more grateful to anybody in his life. He thought of her as
a doctor performing painful surgery or giving him a bitter
medicine.

     Again he rinsed his mouth with her spit and spat it on
the ground. "Not enough" Diane said. "I am thirsty myself and
I just cannot generate enough spit. I have another idea.
Squat down in front of me."

     "What, what are you going to do?"

     This time she slapped him hard. "Shut up, you son of a
bitch. Do you want to swallow accidentally? I don't want your
death on my conscience. Now get your ass down there and squat
in front of me before you keel over and die a twitching,
agonizing death."

     Thoroughly terrorized by now, he squatted in front of
her.  She removed her shorts and lowered her panties. It was
hot and she was sweating. This was the first time he had seen
her pussy so close up. He noticed how dense and hairy it was.
There were beads of sweat in her pussy hair. It smelled of
urine, sweat and her juices.

     "I was going to explain to you without you opening your
trap. Now open wide and put your mouth under my pussy." My
god, this can't be happening he thought to himself.  "Give a
tap on my leg when your mouth is half full." she told him.
As he expected, she started pissing in his mouth. Her pussy
hair were tickling his lips.  He could see her yellow piss
land in his mouth.  He could taste her hot, acrid, bitter,
salty piss.  Soon his mouth was half full and he tapped on
her leg.  She stopped pissing.

     "Now rinse thoroughly and don't swallow whatever you do.
After rinsing, spit it out." He obeyed. As he spat out her
piss, he could see that some red bits were still in his
mouth. When he was done, he opened his mouth wide again and
tapped on her leg.

     Diane was able to repeat this three or four times. "That
is it, I am afraid. I don't have any more piss. That should
be enough. Thank god you are all right. I would never have
forgiven myself if something had happened to you."

     "Now, Greg, there is a bit of a problem. I don't have
any tissue paper. Would you mind licking me clean? It's all
right to swallow now. I think you are out of danger."

     Greg was extremely grateful to her for saving his life.
He started licking her pussy clean with his tongue. However,
Diane had not had sex for quite a while now and she was
already a bit horny. As his tongue entered her hairy snatch,
she became aroused and started to moan. Greg finished
cleaning her pussy with his tongue and started to withdraw
his face. However, she firmly held his face in
place so that his tongue was deep in her pussy.

     "Don't stop, dear. Keep licking. God, that feels good."
Greg was getting smothered in her hairy pussy. He was finding
it difficult to breath. The rancid smell of her pussy was
also beginning to get to him.  He decided to get it over with
quickly and started licking vigorously. As she was already
horny, it did not take long to bring her to climax.

     Her whole body shuddered and her frothy discharge
entered his mouth and covered his face. He again licked her
clean. Then he licked his lips to clean them.

     By now, Diane had calmed down. "Thank you, dear. I
needed that." She said, still holding his face in her pussy.

     "You are welcome Diane. You saved my life. This was the
least I could do for you." she heard his indistinct, muffled
reply, since his face was still in her pussy. She was
wondering whether to ask him to bring her to  a climax yet
again.

     However, by now, all this activity was too much for him.
The smell of her pussy, her urine, her spit had gone right to
his head. He gave a mighty heave and threw up on the ground.
He kept on retching again and again, till his stomach was
totally empty. This pleased Diane tremendously.

     "That's a good boy." She said, patting him on the head.
"If you accidentally swallowed any of the poison cherries,
this should have brought it all up. Now we know you are going
to be all right. What a relief. I would never have forgiven
myself if anything had happened to you."

     "Now you be a good boy and don't put any strange objects
in your mouth without checking with mommy first." she said as
she ruffled his hair with her hand.

     "Sorry, Diane. I will be more careful. The cherries
looked so luscious and tempting that I ate them without
thinking."

     "Well there is a general rule of thumb about berries.
White berries are mostly harmful to humans. Black berries are
mostly harmless and many of them are good to eat. Red berries
go both ways.  Some are harmful, while others are harmless.
All the same, please check with me before putting strange
berries in your mouth. Come on, let us be on our way."

     "Please, Diane. I am feeling very weak. Can't we rest
here for a while?"

     "Well, there is your vomit, my urine, both our spits and
my vaginal juices. Who knows what creatures all these smells
will attract? We better get away from here as soon as
possible. We can rest after we have walked a bit."

     He saw the wisdom in what she was saying. As for her, it
was great if he was weak and tired for the next stage of
operations.

     The episode with wild cherries was not planned but was
entirely a bonus. While it added greatly to his humiliation,
it was necessary to get back to the original plan.

     She saw that he had a few pussy hair stuck to his face.
"I think I hear something in the bushes." she whispered to
him. "Don't do anything, just sit quietly. I will be right
back. I have to check it out."

     From the bushes she was able to get good shots of his
face. Using the zoom lens, pussy hair stuck to his face were
clearly visible. His face was also glistening with her pussy
juices. She took a few pictures. Then she returned.

     "Greg, there are pussy hair stuck to your face. You may
want to clean it up." Greg cleaned his face as well as he
could without the help of water or tissues. He still could
smell her pussy on his face.

     Then they were on their way. Greg was feeling extremely
weak. After walking for a while, Diane spotted the trap.
There were a few rocks placed in the path. Right after that
there was a sharp turn. After taking the turn, Diane waited
for Greg. She hoped the trap would work. If it didn't, there
were two more on the trail. Chances were very good that Greg
would trip on one of them, in his weak condition.

     As she had hoped, Greg stumbled on the rocks.
Immediately he had to take the sharp turn and he took the
turn while stumbling.  There were more roots and rocks there
right in his path. This time he took a header. Diane was
standing right there. She would have shored him up if she
thought he might receive a serious injury. After all, it
would be a nuisance if he was incapacitated and she had to
look after him for the next few days.

     However, it did not appear that he would be seriously
injured. "Oh, darling, are you all right?" She asked him.
Greg sat down on the path. "I guess so."

     "Why, you have skinned your knee." Diane took out small
box of band aids from her purse and put  a band aid on the
wound.  "We will have to wash the wound when we get back. Can
you walk?"

     Greg tried experimentally taking a few steps and found
that he had sprained his ankle. Perfect, Diane thought. She
just wanted him to be dependent upon her, and not seriously
hurt.

     "It's O.K., honey. Here, you can lean on me."

     He felt even more weak and dependent on Diane as he had
to complete the rest of the trail leaning on her. A little
later Diane saw the next trap. It was even better than the
first one. After the sharp turn, this time there was a steep
drop.  Helen had done her job well. If Greg had not fallen
down the first time, he most certainly would have tripped at
the second trap. She carefully maneuvered them around the
second and the third trap.

     By the time they got back, both of them were hot and
sweating profusely. In addition, Greg also had a headache.
Diane stripped and dived into the lake.  Greg removed his
skirt, blouse and diaper and entered the pool. First he
rinsed his mouth thoroughly. However he could not get the
taste of Diane's urine from his tongue. "Oh, hell." he
thought as he washed his mouth with soap. This helped to a
large extent. However, because of the sprained ankle, he
found it difficult to take a bath.  Bending over or sitting
down in the pool was difficult. He sat by the pool with his
legs in water and tried to wash himself by scooping water in
his hand. He was getting frustrated.

     Diane finished her swim and was toweling herself dry.
She saw Greg sitting by the pool. "Why, what is the matter?"

     "My ankle hurts too much. I don't know how to take a
bath."

     "Well, I suppose I will have to bathe you. But don't get
any ideas. I am not your mommy. You will have to learn to
take a bath by yourself soon." She said, further adding to
his humiliation.

     She produced a container and started pouring water on
him. The cold water felt good and Greg was grateful to Diane
for bathing him. After using soap and more water, he felt
even better.

     "Thanks, Diane. I don't know what I would have done
without you."

     "Always remember Greg. You can never go wrong if you
obey my orders. Disobey me and terrible things may happen to
you."

     The evening and the night passed without any mishaps.
Things had been progressing much faster than Diane had
expected and she thought it best to give it a rest until the
next morning.

Day 3.

     The next morning during breakfast, Diane said to Greg "I
feel like going for a long hike today."

     "What about me?"

     "Oh, you will be all right."

     "What if the bear comes?"

     "We will take all the possible precautions. If we do
everything right, chances of the bear visiting you are
negligible. Now one thing we will do before I go is to hang
up all the food between the trees. That means you don't get
anything to eat until dinner, after I return. So you better
load up on breakfast. Another Granola bar?"

     After breakfast they cleaned up and Greg put away all
the food under Diane's supervision.

     "Now do you have any food that is not up there?"

     "I don't think so, Diane."

     "Are you sure? We don't want accidents like we had two
days ago. Well, your skirts and blouses don't have any
pockets, so there cannot possibly be anything there. Go check
the tent thoroughly while I get ready."

     Greg carried out an exhaustive search of the tent, but
could not find anything.

     "See the bushes and trees over there? Do not go into
them for any reason. There may or may not be a bear in there,
but there are definitely coral snakes. If you get bitten by
one, even I cannot do anything to save you, and I am not
here anyway.  There are some clothes to be washed. You can do
the washing while I am away."

     "Sure. Anything else I should do?"

     "Let me think. Oh, yes. It you go to the toilet, be sure
to dig a deep hole and fill it up with dirt afterwards. Bears
are very inquisitive when it comes to smells."

     "There is one more precaution you can take. Hold on a
minute."

     She went to the tent and was back in a minute. She
handed him her dirty panties.

     "You want me to wear these?"

     "Well, bears seem to dislike the smell of human female.
There is something in the pheromones of human female that
seems to be mildly repellent for the bear. There are examples
of bears attacking women, but if there is a man and a woman
present, the bear usually goes for the man.  Wearing my dirty
panties (and this time it cannot be clean panties, as you
argued in the canoe) will give you added protection. For
maximum protection, do not wear your skirt over the panties.
Let Mr. Bear get the full scent of my dirty panties."

     "If you hear growling from the trees, don't panic. The
Bear probably will not come after you. However, if you do
hear growling, you should wear this, for added protection."
She produced her dirty bra, the one she was wearing the
previous day.  Greg could smell the strong smell of her
sweat.  He could also see yellow sweat stains.

     "If you do hear the growling, do not go into the bushes
to investigate. Just sit tight. Do not go into the tent."

     "I hope all these precautions will be enough."

     "Oh, they will be. I am not saying that you will be
protected 100 percent. But when you drive a car you are not
protected 100 percent either. Just remember, many more people
are killed in car accidents in North America in a day than
are killed by bear attacks in several years."

     "That is hardly a comforting thought."

     "Well, all I am saying is that with reasonable
precautions, chances of a bear attack are negligible. That
day we were caught by surprise. I suspect so was the bear.
Well, I better be off. I am going to do quite a bit of
walking today. I will be back by 4 o'clock."

     She picked up her lunch pack, water bottle and put it in
her back pack. Then she picked up her CD player.

     "Is that the Walkman?"

     "Yes, I like to listen to Mozart when I walk." she said,
showing him a Mozart CD.

     "I have another one. Would you like one too? Something
to pass the time?"

     "Oh, thanks."

     "Well, I am off. Be careful and don't get into trouble."

     "Oh, all right."

     Diane could see that he was scared. She approached him
and kissed him on the cheek. "Don't be scared, sweetie. It
will be all right. I will be back in the evening."

     "Just remember. Whatever happens, don't go into the
bushes and trees. Also stay out of the tents. Always have my
dirty panties on and may be my dirty bra as well. You will be
O.K." Even in sweatshirt and shorts Diane looked stunning,
Greg thought.

     Diane was on her way. A little later she doubled back
and was at the camp again in half an hour. After  careful
search, Diane and Helen had discovered the prefect spot. She
located that spot.  She set down the Walkman. From this spot,
she could get a clear view of their camp. However, it was
almost impossible for Greg to see her.

     She saw that Greg had started with her laundry. He was
meticulously soaping, scrubbing and washing each item of
clothing, just as she had taught him. He had her panties on
over his diaper. The panties were stretched tight and he
looked ridiculous. This won't do, she thought to herself.
After returning to civilization, she will have to feminize
him properly. She took video footage of his doing the washing
in diaper and panties.

     She removed the Mozart CD  from the Walkman and inserted
the CD of animal sounds which she had brought with her. The
CD had only bear sounds. In the beginning there was one bear
growling, while towards the end it was a recording of several
bears growling at the same time.

     She cranked the volume to maximum and connected it to a
small microphone.  In their experiment, they had made sure
that the sound would easily carry to the campsite.

     It took Greg  a couple of minutes to notice the
growling. Then he listened intently for a couple of minutes,
with a look of increasing terror on his face. He got up from
his chair and produced her dirty bra. Diane started the video
camera.

     He put on the bra properly, just as she had taught him.
This was perfect. In the footage it was obvious that nobody
was forcing him to do it, but that he was wearing the bra
completely of his own free will. The proper way in which he
put on the bra, without any hesitation  also indicated that
he had done it before.  She zoomed in so that the sweat
stains on the bra were clearly visible.  The growling was
still continuing.  After he had put on her bra, the terror on
his face decreased.

     Hell, this footage alone might have been enough to force
him to become her sissy, without all the humiliation, she
thought to herself. They should be able to edit out the growl
later on.

     After letting it run for half an hour, Diane switched
off the CD and got up. Her work was done. Now for the
pleasure part.

     She put away her photo camera, digital camera in her
backpack and reinserted the Mozart CD  in the Walkman. Then
she spent the rest of the day hiking in the mountains.
Without Greg with her, she could cover much greater distance
in the day.

     She had been to Devil's Point several times, but each
time she was captivated anew by its natural beauty. Before
she knew it, it was 4 o'clock. She looked at her watch. It
will take her two hours to get back.

     Greg spent the whole day outside the tent. He did
not know why Diane had told him to stay out of the tent (She
wanted to film him wearing her bra and panties) but by now,
he had enough respect for her not to question her orders. If
she told him to stay out of the tent, she must have a very
good reason. After finishing the washing, he put the clothes
on the clothesline to dry. He also had a short nap. He spent
the rest of the time just lazing about and listening to
Mozart.

     His arms were still a little sore, but his sprained
ankle was giving him more trouble. When he heard the bear
growl, he was really scared. He wished Diane had been there
to protect him. However, he had followed her directions and
put on her bra. That did help in that the bear did not come
into the clearing, but apparently went away. Diane really
knows the outdoors, he thought.

     When it was four o'clock, he eagerly awaited Diane's
arrival. He was also getting hungry. However, when she had
not shown up by 4.30, he started getting apprehensive. He
could not think what could have happened to her. The thought
was too horrible to contemplate.

     By 5 o'clock he was in the panic mode. He wondered what
he would do if anything had happened to her. There was no
question of his going to look for her. For one thing, he
lacked the outdoors experience. He had sprained his ankle.
Besides, where would one look in such a big wilderness?
Surely Helen would not expect him to go look for Diane.

     But what would he do without her? What if the bear
visited the campsite at night? Helen was not scheduled to
come to pick them up for three more days. Why, oh why did he
agree with Diane to leave their cellular phones in her car at
Hemlock Bluff? He could have called somebody now. The thought
of spending next three days on his own in the wilderness was
the ultimate terror for him.

     It was 5.30. Should he open the food container without
Diane? Dare he open the food container? What if the bear
is attracted by the smell of the food. But he must eat. His
mind was a jumble of thoughts.

     When it gets dark, he will have to worry about all kinds
of creatures, including the coral snakes and the bear. He
could feel the panic building up. He felt tears of panic
welling up inside him. Then he realized that there was nobody
to see him (he wished there was somebody) and he gave vent to
his tears.

     When Diane returned it was past 6.00 o'clock. Before
returning to the camp, she visited the hideout and looked
the campsite over. Greg was a basket case by now. She could
hear his loud sobs. She gave a smile of satisfaction. The
poor sap probably has never cried in his adulthood before
this she thought. Well, do him good. He was not done crying
yet today.

     She decided to take some more pictures and footage.
There was Greg, wearing her dirty bra and panties and crying
his heart out. The sight was too precious.

     After taking the footage, she came to the campsite.
Greg leapt with joy when he saw her. He ran up to her and
gave her a hug. Diane had been walking all day. Her hair was
a mess. Her face was flushed, she felt hot all over. She was
covered with dirt and she was soaking wet with sweat. She
also reeked of sweat.

     However, never had Greg been so glad to see a human
being. To him, she was the most beautiful sight in the world.
She pulled him close to her and held him in her arms.

     "Diane, am I glad you are back. I was so scared." He
continued sobbing in her breasts. The smell of sweat was
stronger in her cleavage, but he did not care. At that
moment, he was the happiest man in the world.

     "It's all right, sweetie. Mommy is home."

     "What kept you?"

     "Later. First I am thirsty and I need a bath. Now that I
am here, why don't you take down the food and get started
with dinner. I will go for a swim in a minute." She sat down
in the lawn chair.

     As she sat down, Greg sat down on the ground besides her
feet. He removed her hiking shoes and her socks. He took her
tired foot in his hand and kissed it softly. Her feet were
confined for a long time in the hot weather and he could
smell the strong, sour stink of her foot odor.

     He took two of her toes in his mouth and started
licking. He could taste the sweat and the dirt. "Oh, that
feels good, baby. Keep doing it. Lick my feet clean."

     Slowly he licked all her toes clean. He licked between
her toes. Then he started on her feet. Over the next ten to
fifteen minutes he cleaned both her feet with his tongue. He
was so grateful to her for coming back safe and sound.

     "That was great, sweetie. Thanks. Now why don't you get
dinner started while I go for a leisurely swim."

     She went to the lake, stripped and jumped into the lake.
To hell with iodine. She was thirsty. She scooped up water in
her two hands and drank deeply.  She did that several times.
After a leisurely, refreshing swim, she came ashore and
started drying herself.  Greg was busy with dinner.  She got
dressed, filled her coffee mug with lake water (this time
adding the iodine drops) and sat down in a lawn chair, facing
Greg, sipping her water from time to time.

     Greg sat down besides her waiting for dinner to cook.
"Now, do you want to tell me why you were late?"

     "Later Greg. After walking all day, it just feels good
to sit and relax. Let us just chat. So, was the bear here?"

     "Yes, he was. But I did not panic. I put on your bra,
just as you told me to. Eventually he went away." Greg told
her proudly. Now that Diane was there, he had put on skirt
and blouse over his panties and bra.

     "Good boy. We will make an outdoorsman out of you yet."
she said, ruffling his hair.

     As she took a sip of her water she said "You know, Greg,
this cold water is all well and good, but after a long,
tiring hike, nothing beats cold beer. Are you a J.R.R.
Tolkien fan?"

     "Not really. I did see all the 'Lord of the Rings'
movies, but didn't particularly care for any of them."

     "Well, I am. In one of his books he says" She started
to sing softly.

     "Water cold we may pour in need
     Down the thirsty throat and be glad indeed.
     But beer is better if drink we lack
     And water hot poured down our back.

     Well, refreshing as cold water is, I could use both hot
water and cold beer right now."

     "Well since neither is available, how about some
dinner?" Greg asked, handing her a plate of hot food. Now
that Diane was back, Greg was on the top of the world.

     During dinner, Diane told him what happened. She took
the same trail as she did the previous year. However, at one
point, somehow several feet deep mud was formed on the trail.
She did not want to risk getting trapped in the mud so she
had to find another path. That had delayed her for two hours
(in reality, of course, her delay was intentional, the
purpose being to drive Greg into panic).

     After dinner they sat talking over coffee for a long
time. By the time they put away the food and got ready for
bed, it was getting dark.

     Diane said "Let us just sit here in the dark and admire
the stars for a while. Greg, would you please get the
flashlight from the tent while there still light enough to
see? You will see a container besides the air mattress on my
side. Lift the lid, take out the flashlight and bring it
over.  That way we can go back to the tent after the dark."

     As Greg started walking toward the tent, Diane got up.
Time to get to work. She stretched to get the kinks out of
her muscles. Just then she heard a sharp, piercing scream
from the tent.

     Shit, did the snake bite him? She wondered. She had
asked a doctor friend of hers about the bite of the scarlet
king snake.  After reading all the information Diane had
given her from Internet, she assured her there was nothing to
worry about.  She handed her a course of general purpose
antibiotics.

     "If he does get bitten, wash the wound with antiseptic
solution, just to prevent any infection. Then start him on a
course of antibiotics. This is to prevent any infection from
the germs in snake's saliva. When you return from vacation,
bring him to me and I will give him a check up. He will be
fine."

     So it wasn't a big deal if the scarlet king snake bites
him. All the same, it will be a nuisance. She started walking
towards the tent.

     When Greg entered the tent, it was almost dark. However,
there was still enough daylight permeating through the tent
walls so he could barely see. The lid of the box was half
open. He squatted down and picked up the lid of the container
with one hand. He dipped the other hand into the container to
pick up the flashlight.

     Instead, he picked up the snake. It took a couple of
seconds for him to register the cold, soft feel of the
snake's body.  He saw the multicolored body before he felt
it.  With a sharp, loud scream he dropped the snake. The lid
of the container went flying from his other hand. The snake
hissed at him and he started wetting his diaper. The snake
retreated into the darkest corner of the tent and lay there
still and quiet.

     By now it was almost dark. Greg  was too scared to go
out.  He did not have the flashlight and he knew that soon
the outside will be pitch black. However, he was sharing the
tent with a dangerous, poisonous coral snake (so he thought).
He was in a total state of panic, not knowing whether to go
outside and get Diane or to take his chances with the coral
snake within the tent. With a loud noise, he messed his
diaper.

     As Diane entered the tent, she saw Greg crouching in a
corner, cowering with terror. "What happened, Greg?" she
asked even though she knew the answer.

     Greg pointed to the corner where the snake was lying.
"S-s-s-s-" he could not finish the word.

     "The coral snake again? In that corner?"

     Greg nodded and continued sobbing. Diane glanced at the
corner.  She could barely make out the indistinct outline of
the snake on the floor. She looked at Greg. She could smell
his diaper.  She could also hear him sobbing loudly. Well,
let him bawl, she thought. She will take care of him later.
Snakes can't hear anyway, so his sobbing wouldn't make any
difference.

     She produced three flashlights from the tent and turned
them on. They had rehearsed this part before and she knew
that the three flashlights, strategically placed, would flood
the tent with light. Now there were no dark corners in the
tent. The snake started to move and Greg's sobbing became
louder.

     Diane picked up the sack she had placed in the tent in
the morning, opened it and held it invitingly before the
snake. Snakes prefer dark places. The dark cavity of the sack
looked much more friendly than all that light and the snake
gratefully entered the sack. Diane held the mouth of the sack
closed, went a few feet outside the tent and let the snake
loose. Nearby she had put out a couple of sausages for him.
"You have done well, big fellow." She said "Now have your
dinner and be on your way." She had no further use for him.

     Now to take care of the diaper boy in the tent. As she
entered the tent, her nose was assaulted by the smell of
Greg's diaper. Greg's sobbing had subsided by now. However,
he was still sniffling.

     "Well, Greg, you have really done it this time. You
better to the lake and wash up."

     Greg literally touched and kissed her feet. "Diane,
please, please don't make me go to the lake. I am scared out
of my wits." There was none of the old macho bravado left. He
did not mind being totally vulnerable to her now.

     "Well, how are you going to clean yourself up then?"

     Shamefacedly he said "I, I was hoping, er, you, would
you mind terribly?"

     "Yes, I would. But it seems I have no alternative. You
are too much of a scaredy cat, too much of a wimp to go to
the lake and I won't be able to sleep with all that stench
around."

     She was tired and really wanted to go to sleep. But all
this drama was necessary for her ultimate objective. Oh,
well, a woman's work is never done, she thought. Plus she
also wanted some sexual release and she meant to get some
after she had cleaned up the sissy (by now she felt certain
that she could consider him as her sissy).

     She removed his skirt and blouse, panties and bra. Now
he was clad only in diapers. As she lay him down on a sheet,
he closed his eyes tightly against the bright light.

     She opened up his diaper, revealing the mess within.
"Here, let me put something on your eyes so the light won't
bother you." She folded his panties and put them over his
eyes.

     Now he became totally oblivious to what was going on in
the tent. Again it was time to take some pictures. The
contrast of white diapers with against his yellow mess was
quite striking.

     She started the video camera before changing his diaper
and thus caught the whole diaper change sequence on video.

     The act of changing an adult messy diaper is quite
odious.  However, if a woman can get a man to mess his diaper
and then has the fortitude to clean him, she is permanently
in a superior position compared to him. There is something so
humiliating in that act that he never can regard himself as
her equal from that moment on.

     She did not really expect him to mess his diapers.
Although she hated every minute she spent in cleaning him,
she knew that it was a welcome bonus. The process of his
sissification was probably complete.

     Soon she had cleaned him thoroughly. She put his
diapers, wipes and all the waste in a large plastic bag and
held it out to him.

     "Here, go outside and throw it away." Greg just lay on
his back and started to whimper. "Really, Greg, you are
pathetic."

     She went outside, threw it well away from the tent and
came back. Tomorrow it will have to be buried. However, she
will get the sissy to do it.

     When she came back, she saw that Greg has stopped
sniffling. However, he still looked scared.

     "Come on, baby, let us get into bed." She switched off
the flashlight and lay down in the dark. She took him in her
arms.

     "Are you still scared?"

     "Yes, Diane. I still keep seeing that snake hissing in
my face." he said, laying down his head on her breasts.

     "Would you like to nurse, honey, like the other day?
That will calm you down."

     "Yes, please, Diane. Could I?"

     "Sure, but not at my breasts. I have another place you
could nurse. Lie down on your back."

     He lay on his back. It was pitch black in the tent now.
Diane squatted down on top of him and he could feel her
thighs rest on his chest. Her pussy came into contact with
his lips.

     As he opened his mouth, Diane said "Start nursing,
dear."
     He could feel her pubic hair tickle his lips. He again
wondered how strong the smell of her pussy was, even though
she had just recently taken a bath. As he started licking her
pussy, he could hear her moaning. Her pussy had a metallic
and foul taste to it, unlike the last time and he wondered
about that.  He had never licked a woman's pussy before Diane
and so had no idea what a pussy normally tasted like.

     Diane had started menstruating that afternoon. It was a
nuisance, as she thought the taste of her menstrual fluids
may be too much for him. However, it was dark and he did not
know what was happening. She also counted on his inexperience
in such matters. He was scared out of his wits and was
thoroughly docile. Maybe she could get away with it. He would
have do it sometime, anyway, he might as well start now, she
thought.

     Soon Greg could feel her tense up and knew she was close
to orgasm. He redoubled his efforts. Soon Diane gave a
prolonged moan and climaxed in his mouth. He could feel her
thin, frothy discharge on his tongue, along with the other
metallic taste. However, this time it was totally foul
tasting. It was a total contrast from the last time. He
wondered if she was developing an infection. Maybe he should
tell her. She may not be aware of it. As he licked her clean,
he could hear her moaning again.  His ministrations were
making her horny again.

     This time it took a bit longer, but eventually she
achieved a second climax. Again the foul smelling and foul
tasting discharge filled his mouth and he had to gulp it down
to avoid getting his face dirty.

     He cleaned her pussy thoroughly, taking her pussy hair
in his mouth little by little and rinsing it with his saliva.
Diane still sat on his chest spent and panting. As he was
finished cleaning her pussy he could again feel a few drops
of her metallic, foul tasting discharge enter his mouth. What
is going on? he wondered. As he started licking her gaping
hole again, he heard her say "That is enough, sweetie. You
did well. you can stop now."

     "Nursing did you good, Greg. You are much calmer now."
She was right. His sniffling was a thing of the past and he
did not feel as scared any more. However, his mouth tasted
absolutely foul.

     "Diane, I think you are developing an infection down
here. The taste is different today." Came his muffled voice.
He did not want to tell her it tasted foul and thereby offend
her.

     "Could I please have something to drink?"

     She decided to tell him the truth. "Honey, I am not
developing an infection. My monthly period started today.
What you tasted was my menstrual fluids mixed with blood."

     My god, now I must get the taste out of my mouth, he
thought. How gross. While he thought the act was gross and
felt ashamed of himself for performing it (it did calm him
down nicely, though), he did not blame Diane for it.  He was
mentally incapable of that by now.

     "Can I please have something to drink, Diane?"

     "What is there to drink in the tent, Greg? Do you want
to go to the lake and get a drink?"

     He started shivering with fear. "I am scared. Couldn't
you go and get a drink of water for me?"

     "Well, the coral snake is probably still prowling about.
I don't want to tackle him in the dark. It is very easy to
step on one in the dark. If you step on a snake, he will
almost certainly bite."

     "Rattlesnake is the most common snake in North America
and most of the rattlesnake bites are due to people stepping
on one or picking one up (here poor Greg shuddered and almost
wet his diaper again) in the dark. I don't want to chance
it. If you remember, I have been out twice already, once to
release the snake and once to throw away your dirty diaper."

     "My mouth tastes absolutely foul. What am I going to
do?" came the muffled voice again.

     "Honey,  I know how you feel. But there is nothing to
drink. Wait a minute, there is too." she said as he felt her
weight shift and his lips were in contact with her pussy
again.

     Oh my god, she is not really going to do that, is she?
Thought Greg. He opened his mouth to protest. However, as he
opened his mouth, her warm piss started landing on his
tongue in a thin trickle.

     "Now, Greg. My bladder is full. Once I start, it will be
difficult for me to stop until it's all gone. Just try to
swallow it with your mouth open. I will pee as slowly as I
can."

     To his surprise, Greg did not find it too bad. It did
have slightly metallic taste to it because of her menstrual
fluids, but this time she was not dehydrated. Her piss was
plentiful and did not taste that much different from water,
not too salty and not at all acrid to taste. In addition, she
had taken artificial sweetener in her after dinner coffee and
hence, her urine was slightly sweet (artificial sweetener is
not processed by the body, but passes through the urine
unprocessed, thereby making the urine sweet tasting).

     After a while she was finished. He licked her clean. He
had a couple of loose pubic hair in his mouth, which he
swallowed. To his surprise, he found himself saying "Thank
you, Diane." The bad taste in his mouth was gone.

     "You are welcome, sweetie. Get used to it."

     She put on her tampon in the light of the flashlight.
They both were very tired by now. She took him in her arms
kissed him on the forehead and started patting him lightly on
the head.  Soon both fell asleep.

Day 4.

     Next morning first job was to get rid of Greg's dirty
clothes.  Diane had him dig a deep ditch. She told him to
bury all the clothes, except  the plastic bag. She had him
wash the plastic bag thoroughly with soap and water. They
would take the bag with them. Then he had to fill up the
hole.

     All this took quite a while. Afterwards both of them
washed up.

     "I think I will go for a long hike again today."

     "May I please come with you today?"

     "The question is not may you come, but can you come. How
is your ankle?"

     "It is much better. Let me walk and see."

     However, he still had some pain in his ankle.

     "That settles it. We cannot risk it. With hurting
ankle, you won't be able to walk the rugged trail I have in
mind anyway. I will be gone all day, like yesterday. Let me
make some sandwiches and then we will hang up the food
again."

     To her surprise, Greg started to cry.

     "Please, please don't leave me alone today, Diane.
Yesterday I was so scared and lonely without you. Yesterday
the bear went away. But what if he does not go away today.
Please, couldn't you stay here today? Pretty please?"

     Diane felt her heart melt towards him. She took him in
her arms and wiped away his tears.

     "There, there, sweetie. Don't cry. Mommy will stay home
today."

     He put his arms around neck.

     "Thank you, Diane. You have made me very happy. Now you
just sit and relax and tell me what you want. I will do all
the work, since you have been so good to me. I will do the
chores and you can supervise."

     However, there was not much to do. After having a
leisurely lunch, they just sat around, talking and soaking
the sun. Then in the afternoon, Diane began to get uneasy.

     "Greg, I really must go for a short walk. I am getting
restless."

     "Please, please don't leave me, Diane."

     "It will be just a short walk, honey. Look, I will prove
it to you. We had lunch about three hours ago, right?"

     "Yes."

     "I won't take any food or water with me. Here is my
backpack." She demonstratively handed her backpack to him.

     "How long can I walk without food or water?  There is a
beautiful creek less than an hour's walk from here. I will
walk up to there, relax a while and come right back. I will
be gone, for two hours, two and a half tops. I did swim quite
a bit today. But I need some walking exercise. OK?"

     "All right, I suppose." He said reluctantly.

     "Don't be that way, sweetie. I promised and I will be
right back. I am just taking my purse with the first aid kit
in it. And of course, my Walkman."

     "Should I take any precautions against the bear?"

     "I don't think that is necessary. We have already hung
up the food. I will be gone only a short while. For just a
couple of hours during day time I wouldn't worry about the
bear.

     "Would you please give me the panties and bra you are
wearing, just in case?"

     "All right, I guess."

     She removed her panties. There was a reddish brown spot
on her panties. "Oh, dear.  I have leaked a bit."

     She handed the panties to Greg. Greg sniffed her
panties. Then he removed his skirt and put on her panties
over his diaper.

     "I am wearing only a sports bra today, I am afraid."

     He removed his blouse. He was not wearing a bra
underneath.  However, he put on the bra Diane gave him and
put on his blouse again.

     "It has nothing to do with the bear. You just like to
wear my panties and bra, don't you?"

     He nodded shamefacedly.

     "Hey, there is nothing to be ashamed of. From tomorrow
you may wear my under clothes which I have worn the previous
day."

     "Thank you , Diane."

     "You are welcome, sweetie." She kissed him on the
cheek and was off.

     She reached the creek in a little less than an hour. She
removed her hiking shoes and socks and sat down with her feet
in the clear, cold water. She took out a cellular phone from
her purse and phoned Helen.  They had a long chat.

     "Hello, Helen?"

     "Why, what's the problem, Diane?" Helen sounded worried.
They had decided that Diane would call her only in an
emergency.

     "There is no problem. It's over."

     "You mean you are calling the project off? He was too
difficult a subject?"

     "No, silly. It is done. Mission accomplished."

     "But you still have two whole days left. How did you do
it so quickly?"

     "Well, I had a good bit of luck. For instance, did you
know that there is a bear on the island?"

     "That must have come in quite handy. Did you have to
simulate the bear attack?"

     "No. The bear was most cooperative. Also remind me to
tell you about the episode with wild cherries."

     "Wild cherries? We did not plan anything with wild
cherries."

     "I know. It came to me on the spur of the moment. But it
helped a lot. The snake was also very helpful. I released
him, by the way."

     "Good. But I still can't believe it that you have broken
his spirit in such a short time."

     "Yesterday he messed up his diaper."

     "You mean he peed in it."

     "I mean he pooped in it."

     "You are kidding."

     "Not. I cleaned his mess up. Afterwards he licked me to
climax, twice."

     "Well, that was part of the plan."

     "But I am menstruating. He still licked me to climax.
Not a peep out of him. Then he had the nerve to complain
about the bad taste so I washed his mouth with my piss. He
drank it all up."

     "You are right. You have broken him."

     "You bet I have.  We will have the finale tonight. I am
skipping all the other episodes planned by us. You may pick
us up tomorrow around noon."

    "If you have broken his spirit, do you still want to go
through the finale?"

     "I think it is necessary. He adores me, he respects me,
he even worships me. But I don't think he fears me. If I am
to be his goddess, it is necessary that he fear me at least a
little bit."

     "You see, Helen, the major world religions are based on
two factors, love and fear. A good deal of fear is necessary
to keep a devoted follower in line. So far I have shown him
only the soft, caring, maternal side. He must see my fearsome
side. I have no doubt that he is in love with me. But he must
also learn to fear me to cement the deal."

     "Diane, something has happened to you." Helen said
admiringly.

     "This is not the Diane that went to Devil's Point a few
days ago. When I was busy humiliating Greg in the canoe you
were so quiet that I had my doubts as to whether you will go
through with the project. You are more confident, more self-
assured and frankly, meaner. I like that."

     "Well, Greg was not the only one changed by this trip."

     "The Native Indians do say that the place is haunted.
According to the legend, the spirit of the goddess Sheshani
inhabits the place. The spirit brings forth latent virtues or
vices in an individual and magnifies it several fold. That
might explain your blossoming into a confident, self-assured
bitch."

     "Bitch, am I? Thanks a lot."

     "So when do I get the possession of him? We agreed that
you were going to break his spirit and then hand over the
sissy to me. I will be responsible for transferring his
allegiance from you to me."

     "As to that, I am having second thoughts."

     "Now, why doesn't that surprise me? But you promised,
remember. My help was conditional upon me getting the
possession of the sissy."

     "Yes, Helen, that is how it started. I just wanted to
teach him a good lesson and then hand him over to you. But
over the last few days, I am myself surprised how much I like
owning my own sissy. Maybe the spirit of that goddess
Sheshani of yours got to me, I don't know. Yesterday when he
started licking my bloody vagina I came almost instantly.  I
was already horny due to what I was doing to him. I am going
to enjoy having my own sissy very much."

     "I was looking forward to taking possession of him, or
should we now say her?"

     "Well, in spirit he is now what I make him. Since my
plans include feminizing him, I suppose we could refer to him
as her."

     "I am sorry about this, Helen. Tell you what I will do.
You may borrow her whenever you want. Plus let us both be on
the lookout for another potential sissy. When we find one,
and it shouldn't be hard, I will help you train him. Now I
have acquired experience. We could both go to the Devil's
Point. I could work directly with you in breaking him, or I
could stay concealed on the island and help you."

     "The possibilities are endless, I see. Can you imagine
what the two of us together can do in that mushroom episode,
the one you are not going to use any more? If he is convinced
he is hallucinating, we could feed him a lot of stuff in a
hurry.  He will just think it is his subconscious surfacing.
Oh, what the hell, you are my best friend. OK, she is all
yours.  But remember, you offered to train the next one for
me."

     "It will be a pleasure, dear. And remember, I will be
extremely generous when it comes to you borrowing her."

     "I still can't get over how much you have changed."

     "Do you remember the opera we saw the other day, 'The
Mikado'? The heroine in that opera sings :

     I mean to rule the earth
          as he the sky
     We really know our worth
          the sun and I.

     I know just how she feels. Well, see you tomorrow around
noon. Bye."

     Before returning to the camp, Diane had to take care of
one thing. She stopped off in the bushes near the camp. There
she set up her Walkman, this time hooked up to a microphone
and a timer.  She synchronized her watch with the timer. She
must be very careful and time it just right. She removed the
Gilbert and Sullivan  CD and inserted the CD containing bear
sounds.  This was a different CD compared to yesterday, with
sounds of several bears growling at the same time.  It will
go off at a certain time.

     As two hours were past, Greg started getting
apprehensive. As time passed, fear started welling up from
the pit of his stomach. Diane had promised she would be back
on time, but would she keep her promise? However, at the end
of two and half hours he saw her emerge out of the bushes.

     "Oh, Diane you are back." He ran to her and embraced
her.

     "I told you I will be back on time, sweetie." she said
to him.

     The rest of the evening she appeared to be absorbed in
thought. Finally during dinner he asked her "You seem to be
preoccupied. Is anything the matter?"

     "Well, not really. But tell me, how did you like our
vacation so far?"

     "I did not like it. I can't wait for it to be over."

     "Oh, come, come. It wasn't that bad. But you will be
happy to know that the vacation is over. We go back
tomorrow."

     "That is great. But why are we going back early?"

     "When I went to the creek today, I saw a couple of
salmon in the water. The salmon run is starting. Do you know
what is a salmon run?"

     "I have heard of it, but I don't know what it means."

     "Do you know the life cycle of salmon? It is quite
fascinating."

     "No, I don't."

     "The salmon is usually hatched in a small stream. As
soon as it is hatched, the tiny hatchling starts flowing with
the stream. From there it goes to a bigger stream, then still
bigger stream, maybe a lake, then a river and finally it ends
up in an ocean. Salmon is one of the very few species of fish
that spend part of its life in fresh water and part in salt
water."

     "At the end of three or four years, salmon develops the
urge to reproduce. Then it starts retracing its path. Back to
the river, the stream, smaller stream and so on. Finally it
arrives at exactly the same place that it started. From the
ocean, it finds its way unerringly to the small stream where
it was spawned, several hundred  or even thousands of
kilometers away.  There the female lays a clutch of several
thousand eggs and the male fertilizes it.  By now both are
exhausted.  They have not eaten for days. They die of
starvation and exhaustion."

     "That does sound fascinating. But why are we leaving
early because of that?"

     "There is more to it than that. You see, the bears love
salmon. They like to gorge on salmon. They need to get fat on
salmon if they are going to survive the hibernation in
winter.  The bears know by experience when a salmon run is
about to start in a particular stream and usually they arrive
at the stream a day or two in advance.

     "Salmon run usually takes place in early to mid August.
The salmon run on this island is quite early this year.
Usually it would start a week from now. So the bears are not
here yet in big numbers.  But in about 48 hours, the stream
will be choke full of salmon and the island will be full of
bears.  Some of them may have landed already, attracted by
the smell of salmon."

     "Do you mean that there may be several bears on the
island already?"

     "I am afraid so. And maybe wolves."

     "W-wolves?"

     "Yes, sometimes they are known to join in the feast.
That is why it is important that we leave the island soon."

     "But how are we going to communicate with Helen? We
don't have a cellular phone here."

     "It is not necessary. Helen is vacationing in Hemlock
Bluff. She will know that salmon run is beginning and will be
here tomorrow, probably around noon."

     After dinner they did some packing for the next day.
When they finally entered the tent, it was still light. Diane
said "I haven't forgotten my promise."

     "What promise?"

     "I promised you a fuck. Remember?"

     Greg had forgotten all about it. However, he was not
sure he could fuck Diane any more. It would be like fucking
his mother.

     "Oh, it is not necessary, Diane. Let us just forget
about it. I can't get the thought of bears out of my mind
anyway."

     "Oh, no. I never go back on my word. I promised you a
fuck and fuck is what you will get. After all, this is our
last night here."

     When they entered the tent, Diane searched the tent
thoroughly. When Greg asked the reason, "Looking for coral
snakes." she said "We don't want a repeat of yesterday. I
want to have sex with you, not change your diaper."

     After a few minutes of search, she was satisfied. She
hoped she had timed it right. She looked at the watch.

     "Come on, Greg. Let us get it over with."

     She removed her shorts and panties. She removed her
tampon and the smell of her menstruation filled the tent. She
lay down on her back. While keeping her feet on the ground,
she brought her knees up and spread them apart, revealing her
pussy.

     Greg could see her blood soaked hairy pussy. The hair
was matted with dried blood. The sight grossed him out.

     "Now, Greg, leave your skirt and blouse on and remove
your, sorry, my panties and your diaper. I have always wanted
to have sex with a sissy in skirt and blouse."

     All her actions were designed to prevent him from
achieving an erection. However, Greg had not had any sex for
several days now. As soon as he exposed his penis by removing
the diaper, he instantly got a hard on.

     While watching him, Diane was also intently listening
for the CD. Just as Greg exposed his penis, the CD started.
Initially, it was only one bear growling.

     "Well, looks like Mr. Bear may be paying us a visit."
Instantly she could see that Greg lost some of his erection.

     "Not bad, not bad." She said, looking at his penis. "I
have seen better and bigger ones. Just do your best with the
limited equipment you have. Come on, Mr. Poopypants. Pleasure
me. Remember, you are supposed to ejaculate inside me, not
pee inside me."

     Now growling of multiple bears started. Greg was doing
his best to hold on to his erection. But he thought he was
fighting a losing battle. It is not easy to retain the
erection when one is scared out of one's wits. And Diane was
presenting anything but an erotic sight, with her boobs
totally covered and her dirty, bloody, smelly pussy on
display.

     However, even as he had lost some of his erection, Diane
could see that what remained would be enough to penetrate
her. She had not taken into account the fact that Greg had
not had sex for a long time and was naturally horny. Come on
CD, do your stuff, she thought. To gain some time, she asked
him

     "Wait a minute, Greg. Do you have a condom?"

     "No, I don't. I had a packet in my suitcase, but the
bear trashed everything."

     "A whole packet, eh? Weren't you the optimist. But now
we have no condoms."

     She appeared to think for a minute. "Oh, well, with your
obvious limitations, I doubt if you have enough sperm to make
me pregnant anyway. Come on, diaper boy. I am waiting.
Pleasure me. And god help you if you screw it up. Fuck me
before the bears get here."

     Greg decided to hurry it up. He was not sure he could
hold the erection in view of the mounting fear. The growls
seem to be coming nearer and nearer. Just as he was going to
bend over to kiss Diane, the wolf howl started.

     All of a sudden, the low pitched, throaty growl of bears
was supplemented by a long, high pitched, forlorn wail of a
wolf.  In a few seconds, another wolf joined in, then another
and pretty soon it was quite clear that a whole pack of
wolves was howling together.

     A wolf howl can be fascinating or frightening, depending
upon one's point of view. It is one thing to hear wolf howl
on Discovery or Animal Planet (which Greg had never done
anyway). However, when one knows there is a very good
possibility that a wolf pack is in the vicinity, wolf howl
takes on a totally sinister connotation.

     Diane had timed it perfectly. "Come on, you moron. Get a
move on. We must finish the fuck before the wolves get here."

     Oh, my god. Greg thought. He could not have fucked to
save his life. There is something primeval about mankind's
fear of wolves and snakes, which predates the garden of Eden.
Throughout Greek, Judeo-Christian mythology, children's fairy
tales etc.  most of the animals are shown both in good and
bad light.  However, the wolf is always the big bad wolf and
snakes of course have been cast in the role of perpetual
villain since Adam and Eve.

     Like a collapsing souffl�, Greg's penis shrunk and
became flabby in an instant. A couple of drops dribbled from
his penis. Given a few minutes, he may have been able to
regain the erection.

     However, Diane instantly jumped up. "What the hell." She
wiped the tip of his penis with her index finger, rubbed it
against her thumb and sniffed.

     "Why, you pathetic wimp of a sissy. You make me sick."
She held her finger to his lips.

     "Lick." She ordered. "Lick it clean."

     Greg licked his own piss clean from Diane's finger.

     "Diane, please. Let us get out of here. Once we are
safely away from the animals I will lick you to orgasm, I
promise."

     "Right. You would much rather put your tongue than your
dick inside me. I knew from the start that you were only good
as a cunt licker."

     "Well, not this time. I have been more that patient with
you, you wimp. I have saved your miserable life so many times
I have lost count. In return all I ask for is a good fuck and
you sissy can't even deliver that. Well, I am horny and I
need a fuck now."

     "Diane please, the wolves.."

     She slapped him hard. "Shut up, you sissy. To hell with
the wolves. First I need a fuck. I am horny beyond limit."

     She gave him a hard push and he landed on his back on
the air mattress. She took hold of his knees, brought them
over to his arms and hog-tied him with ropes which she had
kept handy for just this purpose.

     She had practiced the hog-tie several times with Helen.
Even with utmost effort, Helen was not able to release
herself. Here Greg was petrified with fear and any resistance
was out of he question.

     Greg felt as if it was the end of the world. The animal
noises were coming nearer and nearer and Diane apparently did
not care about saving their lives at all. He saw her take out
a huge strap-on double dildo. She put the smaller one in her
vagina and tied the straps so that the bigger one was
projecting out.  He figured what she had in mind and it added
to his fear.

     She raised his skirt and lay down on top of him. She
ripped his blouse and gave a vicious yank to his bra. The bra
strap broke with a snap and the hook got buried into the
flesh of his back. He cried out in pain.

     "Diane, please don't.."

     She slapped him hard again. "Shut up you bitch. did I
ask you? You are my bitch now. Just lie quietly and you won't
get hurt.  Not much, anyway."

     "The an-animals will get us."

     "Well, then we will go with smiles on our faces, won't
we? At least I will."

     She lubricated his asshole thoroughly. She worked the
tip of the dildo into his asshole. It had entered his asshole
about half an inch. Then in one single, sharp stab, she
penetrated him completely.

     He screamed with pain. She slapped him again. "Shut up,
bitch. You want the bears to come a-calling?"

     However, he was overcome with pain. He screamed again.
"Oh, shit." Diane pressed her lips against his, thereby
muffling his screams. She inserted her tongue in his mouth
and started exploring his mouth thoroughly. His screams were
now coming out as whimpers. She started fucking him with
slow, steady strokes. Greg found the pain unbearable.

     With her hand, she got hold of his nipple and twisted
hard. Greg could feel sharp, shooting pain through his
nipple.

     She established a kind of rhythm, with her dildo going
in and out of his asshole and her tongue going in and out of
his mouth.

     What the hell, she thought, might as well show the sissy
once and for all who is the boss here. While kissing she
started transferring massive amounts of saliva into his
mouth. He swallowed as much as he could. However, still the
excess dribbled down his chin.

     She increased the tempo of fucking. She could feel the
orgasm nearing. Sweat was by now pouring from her onto Greg's
body.

     Soon she reached an earth shattering climax. She had
never had such an orgasm before. Purely by chance, she
managed to touch his prostrate at the same time and Greg
ejaculated without getting a hard on.

     It was getting dark. Diane cut the ropes to set him
 free. She removed the dildo from her pussy and  removed the
 strap-on from her waist, still leaving the dildo in his ass.
 She put on a fresh tampon by the flashlight. Then she
 promptly fell asleep.  Greg was still sobbing softly and
 whimpering.

     The animal sounds were still as strong as ever. Greg
could feel blood dripping down his asshole. He felt totally
violated and humiliated. He could not think what he could
have done to provoke her wrath to such an extent. He was
still as scared as ever. He rolled over to Diane and clutched
her tightly, like a frightened baby.

     He was still shaking with fear. He unbuttoned her
sweatshirt, exposed her nipple and took it into his mouth. As
he stared sucking, he became pacified and his fear decreased.
The animal sounds slowly decreased and finally stopped
completely. Greg fell asleep with her tit in his mouth.

Day 5.

     In the morning Diane woke up first. She saw that Greg
had her tit in his mouth. She did not remember taking him to
her breast. She realized he must have done it himself and
smiled to herself.

     As she was looking down at him he also woke up. "Good
morning, sissy." Diane said gently. There was no trace of the
mean, vicious bitch of last night. She sat up and removed the
dildo from his ass. She saw the dried blood.

     "I didn't know you were a virgin, sissy. I would have
been gentler."

     "Why were you so mean to me yesterday, Diane? I was
so scared of bears and wolves."

     She lay down again besides him, took him in her arms and
kissed him gently on the lips.  "I was mean because you made
me mad.  I was looking forward to great sex for both of us
and you let me down. So I ended up having what was great sex
for me. You did not enjoy it, of course."

     "I do not get angry easily. However, you don't want to
get me mad, Greg."

     He decided to be honest with her. "I don't think I could
ever fuck you, Diane. Frankly, I feel intimidated by you."

     "Why didn't you say this yesterday? It would have saved
you a lot of trouble. Then you could have licked me to climax
and that would have been the end of it."

     "I suppose I was wrong. Sorry, Diane. I didn't think."

     "That's OK, darling. From now on I will do the thinking
for both of us. Just be sure to obey me. Now, about the
animals.  I never had any doubt in my mind that we were safe.
The bears and wolves are much more interested in feasting on
salmon than picking a fight with us."

     "So we were never in any danger?"

     "No, silly. I would not put you in any danger. Around me
you should feel perfectly safe."

     "Thanks, Diane. I do. Yesterday for a while I thought
that you were ready to kill both of us."

     "Oh, I would never do that, honey. Trust me."

     "Thank you, Diane. I do trust you."

     Diane felt great warmth and love towards him. Even
though she may have to punish him from time to time, he was
her own sissy. She put her lips on his, inserted her tongue
into his mouth and kissed him deeply. Greg shut his eyes. To
him, it was pure bliss.

     "Come on, sissy. Let us get up. There is a lot to do.
Your blouse is ripped, so is your bra. I have got a special
dress for you today. Let us wash up and then start clearing."

     They did not linger over the bath. They had a hurried
breakfast and started packing. They were done a little before
noon.

     "Now, sissy, today you will be going into the
civilization dressed as a woman for the first time. Upto now
it was just the two of us, so it did not matter what you
looked like. However, today you must put on make up. Helen
and I will show you how. First step is to have a very close
shave. Go shave and come to me for inspection."

     When he came back, she gently felt his face with her
fingers and sent him back for another shave. After he had
shaved three times, she was satisfied. She produced a
particularly frilly bra, panties and a dress for him.

     "Today it is not the usual skirt or blouse, but a dress
for you. I have some basic makeup with me. But let us wait
until Helen gets here."

     They brought all the boxes to the shore and sat down on
two rocks, waiting for Helen. Soon they could see her and
hear the motor boat on the horizon.

     As soon as Helen came ashore, she ran to Diane. Diane
got up and gathered Helen in her arms. The embraced and were
soon engaged in a deep, passionate kiss. When they were done,
Helen came over to Greg, took his face in her hand and said
to him "Hello, sissy."

     "Oh, hello, Helen." Greg looked up at her. He felt
uncomfortable.

     "There is no need to be embarrassed, sissy. I know what
went on here the last few days. I am sure you will enjoy
being Diane's sissy. She will make a great mistress. You are
one lucky sissy." She kissed him on the forehead.

     "Thank you, I think."

     "Now, see what I brought with me, just for you." she
said, showing him a bag of cosmetics.

     "Everything needed to turn you into a beautiful woman is
in here. It is a long ride back in the car. You and Diane
will be stopping to eat, go to the washroom etc. and you
should be able to pass as a woman, at least at the first
glance."

     "That's all we can hope for today, Helen. When we go
back, we will start the feminization process in earnest and
in a few week's time sissy should be able to pass as a woman.
But today, we will just do the best we can."

     "Let's go sit under that tree, sissy. There is a nice
flat rock under it and we will be sheltered from the wind."
Diane said to him.

     As Greg started walking towards the tree, Diane handed
over both the still and video cameras to Helen .

     "By the way, Diane, have you thought of a name for her?"

     "Well, I thought we could hold a christening party for
her in a few weeks time and give her the new name at that
time.  You and I can toss around a few names to see which
sounds good. Until then, 'sissy' is good enough. After all it
is a woman's name, of sorts."

     While Diane worked on Greg , Helen sat next to them,
looking at pictures and video footage that Diane had taken.
"My god, Diane. I am stunned by what you were able to
accomplish.  I especially liked the footage where you clean
Greg and change his messy diaper. Also where Greg is all
alone and he puts on the bra, all be himself."

     "Have you done it before, sissy?"

     "N-no, Diane showed me how to do it before she went for
the hike."

     "Well, still you did it very well.  You are going to
take to women's clothes like a fish to water. I can't wait to
start feminizing you."

     When Diane  was done, Helen  came over to inspect her
work.  "Turn around, sissy. Let me take a good look at you."

     After inspecting him thoroughly, she kissed him lightly
on the lips.

     "Great work, Diane. She is the prettiest looking of the
three of us." Both Diane and Helen were in sweatshirt and
jeans, with hardly any make up on.

     "Diane, why did I have to put on make up, while the two
of you have hardly any on."

     "Sweetie, Helen and I are natural born women. Nobody
will mistake us for a man, even without any makeup. You, on
the other hand, must take extra effort if you are going to
pass as a woman. After a few weeks with me, you should be
able to pass as a woman, without makeup."

     Before they left, Diane and Helen made a thorough check
of the now former campground. Except for the extinguished
fires and a few disturbed grass patches, there was no
evidence that anybody had camped there.

     Diane helped Greg get into the boat. "Now, sissy. Sit
properly like a lady. Straighten your dress  and make sure
it covers your knees. You still have to learn the mannerism
of a proper lady. That will come with time."

     Soon they were on their way, with Helen driving the
motor boat.  Greg was very uneasy about the camera footage.

     He asked Diane "Please, Diane. Could we destroy the film
you have taken? I like being your sissy but it is very
embarrassing to me."

     "Sure we could destroy the film, honey. But there is a
small problem. When Helen was looking at the footage, she
E Mailed it all to my computer and to your computer. So you
see, destroying the cameras or the footage won't do any
good."

     "And I also sent a copy to my computer." Helen commented
cheerfully while steering the boat.  "I think I will also E
mail the footage to his parents and his boss."

     Now Greg panicked. He sidled over to Diane and said to
her "Diane, please. Don't let her do it. It will ruin me."

     "Helen, you bitch. You will do nothing of the sort. I
don't want it generally known that he is my sissy. Not for a
while, anyway. If and when I decide to make it public, we
will have to do plenty of preparations beforehand."

     She took Greg into her arms and kissed him passionately.

     "Don't worry. Sweetie. As long as you are my sissy, I
will protect you from any harm."

     The still pictures and video footage was an added
insurance that Greg would stay her sissy. It would take care
of any tiny or latent spark of rebellion inside him. Greg did
not miss the implied threat.

     The return journey in the boat was uneventful. When they
got down from the boat, Diane hustled Greg quickly into her
car. "You don't want anyone to see you like this, do you
sweetie? You still have a lot to learn about how to be a
proper lady."

     "Thank you, Diane. Do I still call you Diane?"

     "Well, for now yes. I will think about what would be
proper way for you to address me."

     As they started the journey back, Greg was looking
forward to lifetime of servitude to Diane.

EPILOG :

     "Hi, Pamela."

     "Oh, hello, Diane. How was your vacation?"

     "Oh, it was great. I had a marvelous time."

     "By the way, what did you do to Greg? It has been two
weeks since he returned from his vacation. There has been a
sea change in him. He is more respectful, polite, almost
timid.  The old cockiness, arrogance is gone. Whenever I talk
to him, he rarely meets my eyes, but looks down most of the
time. The ladies I talk to tell me that he has not
propositioned anybody since he returned. You said you will
take care of him, but how did you change him this much?"

     "Well to tell you the truth, Pamela, I did not do
anything. We happened to vacation at the same place and we
hooked up there. We fell in love. Now he has only eyes for
me. He wouldn't even think of looking at another woman."

     "Well for now anyway. My experience is that a leopard
does not change his spots. I would keep an eye on him if I
were you. It won't be long before he strays."

     "Oh, I have no worries on that score. I am confident he
will tow the line for a very long time to come. By the way,
Pamela, this Saturday I am holding a sort of christening
party.  Would you like to come?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  akkano


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





