BDSM Library - Late Night Surprises




Late Night Surprises
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman awakes in the dead of night and a nice BDSM experience with a twist begins.
Late Night Surprises

By H.


  In the dead of  night, as I lay slumbering in my bed, I suddenly come awake,
with a start...to a sound that is almost not heard.

  Rubbing the sleep from my eyes I listen to the gentle darkness to see if it
had just been a dream. Slowly, sleepily, sliding the covers back, and slipping
my legs over the side of the bed I slip on my battered house slippers, and reach
for my tattered pink house robe and slip it on.

  Wondering what the sound might have been, I slowly come to my feet and walk
toward the window alongside my bed, yawning and tying the worn belt of my house
robe in a bow in front of me.

   Slipping the chintz curtains open a crack, revealing a small view on the
world, I gaze out of the window, looking through it to see the darkness of the
night.

   In the moonlit darkness there is a slight summers breeze that quietly stirs
the soft green leaves on the trees, forcing them to paint strange designs of
light and dark shadow, lighted only by the pale moonbeams of this night.

   The lamp post on the corner casts an eerie light about itself and illuminates
the concrete surrounding it on the corner.

   A cat wanders through the spot of light cast upon the sidewalk and softly
pads through the illumination on it's way to the nighttime activities it must
attend to. One can almost imagine being able to hear the soft padding of the
cat's paws as it moves through the subdued luminescence, on it's way to do
whatever business it has this evening.

   Allowing the age worn curtains to fall closed again, I slowly turn and walk
the few steps towards the door. Placing my hand on the door handle, and slowly
rotating it, the door opens a crack. 

   Peering through the opening I see the familiar sights of the world I live in,
the worn rugs on the floor, the old paint, flaking in spots on the walls and the
staircase that leads down to the first floor of my house, but nothing that might
have made a noise.

   Seemingly, nothing is out of the ordinary. I find myself straining to hear
the least bit of sound in the rest of the house.

   Walking to the head of the stairs and peering down them, I see the faint glow
of a light as it flickers around the room at the foot of the broad expanse of
stairs, catching my attention.

   Lightly stepping onto the first step, I force myself to move my other foot to
the second step, ever so slowly. Hoping the usual squeak in the third step will
not make itself known.

   Continuing cautiously, I move quietly, gliding past the rarely quiet third
step, down the stairs to the point where the floor above becomes the ceiling
below. Bending low to look under the ceiling, the darkened vista below, beckons,
quietly somber.

   Arrayed before my eyes is the living room, seemingly deserted in the
darkness. The hair on the back of my neck begins to prickle, as if lightning has
just passed close by and left a remembrance of itself in the air around me. My
body reacts to the seemingly charged air, with a rush of sensation, comparable
to fear.

   Slowly descending the remaining stairs, I begin to feel a general sense of
unease that rapidly finds it's way into the pit of my stomach, causing me to
fear what I cannot see and be concerned about what I can.

  Looking around the living room, there is nothing to see but the macabre
shadows formed by the pale moonbeams coming through the un-shuttered windows
casting shadows of furniture demons and hard to visualize candlestick wraiths,
on the carpet of the room.

  Settling my unease, with difficulty, I slowly walk to the part of the room
where I thought the light might have come from, wondering what I would do if
someone were there in the darkness. This is silly I know since I always make
sure that all the doors and windows are secure every night in a ritual I have
religiously exercised for many years.

  Finding nothing out of place in this darkened area of the living room, I try
to decide where next to look.

  Turning around, looking towards the kitchen and, wavering in my resolve
somewhat, finally, moving slowly, softly padding towards the place where I make
my solitary dinners, pausing every now and then to listen for any soft sounds in
the night, in an attempt to lend credence to the uncertainties that awakened me
and ultimately to see if I had been imagining things.

  The flat of my hand cautiously goes to the door and presses against it. As it
swings open I cautiously scan the interior of the kitchen to see if there is any
light to be seen. All is dark and everything appears to be just as I had left it
earlier.

   The partial loaf of bread on the countertop, the dirty dishes in the sink
from dinner, the table I had cleaned just before going to bed. Nothing seems to
have been disturbed. Everything appears natural and untouched to me. Apparently
nothing has been moved anywhere in the entire kitchen.

   Passing to the second door in the kitchen and placing my hand against it,
trepidation gathering in my mind with my body reacting to it, my mouth going dry
as if on cue and the hand on the door is trembling. I can't help but think that
there might be something on the other side of the door, that I don't want to see
and that could very well do me serious harm.

   Softly pressing on the door I hear a noise, soft and subtle, as if it is
simply something that might happen in the early hours of the morning, such as a
floor creaking or the sound of the leaves from a tree softly brushing against
the house, moving as if in a ghostly dance, swaying to the tune of the gentle
summer breeze outside.

   Opening the door a crack and looking through it into the parlor, a dim light
radiates from within, faintly illuminating the room with a subdued Light.

   Opening the door further, I see Jacob, outlined by the faint light of the
room. He has come home tonight for the first time in weeks.

   Jacob Meltzer is the brother of Patty Meltzer, one of my closest friends. I
have allowed him to stay in the parlor on the rustic couch, that I moved in
there for that purpose, while he looked for work and settled himself into our
town and our way of life.

   He hadn't been here or let me know where he was for almost two weeks, I
wasn't expected him to come home  tonight.

   Completely filling the space vacated by the half opened door, I watch him as
he stands there with his back to me, marveling at his sleek masculine physique.   
As he slides off his shirt and proceeds to unbutton and then unzip his trousers,
the muscles in his back rippling with every movement of he makes.

   I am transfixed as this wonderful sight unfolds before me.

   His body slowly coming into view is a new mystery to behold with each second
as he labors to unclothe it.

   Feeling flushed with the mystery of him that is unfolding before my eyes, I
am riveted to the view as each and every new inch of his flesh becomes visible
to me.

   Knowing that I was watching unbidden and that I might be caught at anytime
doesn't dispel the feeling of longing I have for his body to be crushed to mine.
What a thrill it would be to feel his hard, wonderfully made body against me.  

    Watching him slowly slide his trousers down his thighs, and allowing them to
drop to the floor, and then straightening up, I see the total masculinity of his
legs. Thighs hard, lean and well muscled. Firm well developed calves, all
suntanned to perfection.

   "Are you enjoying the show?" he asks without looking around or slowing his
pace, and he continues undressing.

   Shrinking back into the doorway towards the kitchen, I find myself at a loss
for words. My tongue suddenly feels like sandpaper and I cannot find my voice.

   "I asked you a question!" Jacob says.

    How could he know I am here, I wonder. "Um, Yes I am, kind of ", I stammer,
wishing my mouth would work properly.

    I had been very quiet and he had not turned around at all. I am at a loss to
understand how he should know I am here and I surely didn't want him to.

   "Come around in front of me. I wish to see you." He intones, His manner
telling me that he will brook no disobedience.

   Blanching and shivering from a different kind of excitement, I slowly slip
past his right side, where I find myself face to face with him.

   His Shocking blue eyes are gazing at me as if he has just found a new
possession. The determined set of his firm jaw told me that I might be in
trouble. The pale blonde hair framing the features of his face completed this
picture of a very intensive young man. A ruggedly handsome one at that.

   "Why were you spying on me?" he asked.

   Wordlessly working my mouth trying to tell him I wasn't spying and finding my
tongue three sizes too big to articulate that sentiment, I bow my head and stare
at the floor.

   "I'll not ask you again" he says and I am so sure he means it.

   Gathering my wits about me I raise my eyes to meet his. "I wasn't spying
Jacob" I manage to finally stammer, "I simply heard a noise in the house and
came down to check on it."

   "You will call me Sir, not Jacob, Do you understand Janine?"

   Finding courage from somewhere within me, I feel my  head moving up and down
in a tentative nod. "Yes Sir" my mouth finally says, rather half-heartedly.

   My mind is racing and I'm successively sorting through and discarding The
thoughts and feelings that  run willy nilly through it. At this point I'm not
able to string two of the many thoughts, pummeling it, together to make one
single coherent statement. 

   Jacob walks around me looking me up and down finally coming full circle. He
Looks me in the eyes and says "Take off that scruffy robe, Janine".

   My eyes must have given away My feelings, because he soon says, "Have you a
problem Janine?"

   "No Sir" I hear myself saying as this latest command registers on my brain, I
can't help but wonder why this is coming out of my mouth.

   "The robe Janine" he says "And I'm not used to giving an order twice, don't
make me do it again for it will go very hard on you if it happens a third time".

   Slipping my robe off, I feel my first line of defense against the world going
with it. Like a comfortable shell being discarded, I allow my robe fall to the
floor. Finding myself standing in front of him arrayed only in my nightdress I
can only shiver with expectation.

   "Hmmm" he says as he slowly takes in the sights revealed by my missing robe.
"Ok Janine, now take off your nightgown" he says so softly it is almost
inaudible.      

   Panic stricken, and trying to sort through, in my mind, what is going on and
also to decide a course of action to take to remedy my situation.

   I start to undo the buttons at the top of my nightgown, opening it slowly, in
the first step toward removing this final piece of clothing. Feeling very
self-conscious about appearing naked before him, I continue to undo the buttons.

    I am so concerned that if I don't comply at once, that I will be very much
in line for whatever course of action he had cited earlier.

   Soon my nightgown is open to the waist, to where the buttons stop. Reaching
down and grabbing the hem, I slide it over my head.  

   Slipping it off, and allowing it to fall from my hands to the floor, I
finally stand before him naked and, strangely enough, instead of being uneasy
about my state of undress, I'm concerned more that he might not see me for the
woman I am inside but that he would see me as the woman my softly contoured
slightly plump body would indicate I am. My body bothers me in that way.

   I am also abashed, by the way I have been forced to unclothe in the presence
of a stranger, that has never before seen me in this naked and defenseless
state.

   "Very nice Janine". he says and then adds "Turn around for me".

   Mechanically I turn, ever so slowly and with deep trepidation.

   As I revolve in place, I notice Him watching me intently with a strange look
on his face. What could possibly be on his mind?

   Completing my turn as instructed, I come full circle, facing him again.

   I can't help thinking to myself, wondering about the strange commands and the
reasons He has for issueing them.

   "Janine, you will now go to the sofa, and rise upon it with your back facing
me and your hands on the back of it, kneeling to await my pleasure".

   Moving over to the sofa and crawling up on it, as I had been commanded, I
kneel there, awaiting his next  directive with a feeling of anticipation,
different than any I had known lately.

   The air around me seems charged with expectancies that I am not readily able
to decipher.

   Kneeling  there waiting for him to say something else, I feel an excitement,
as if I am coming alive within me.

   Even though I am presenting my soft backside to his full view, the tingle of
excitement sweeps through and fills me as if I were a vessel for it's use only.  

   " Now Janine, put your hands behind your back". He instructs in a gentle
voice.

   I do as I am told, and hear the soft clink of metal on metal as I feel my
wrists being restrained while He locks handcuffs on me.

   Feeling a bit jittery as the full realization of what is happening blossoms
in my head, I turn to watch him and notice a look of amusement, that seems of
out of place, on his otherwise steely face.

   "You have such a pretty bottom Janine". I hear him say out loud. "I am going
to enjoy this tremendously".

   Feeling his warm hands on my backside, shamelessly investigating it and all
of the secrets contained there.    I tentatively give myself over to the
sensations, allowing the feelings to wash over me, feeling very content and warm
and needed for the first time in a very long while.

   As his hands roam slowly across my buttocks, one of them lifts, and I hear a
soft 'smack' and a stinging sensation radiates from my backside, as his hand
makes sharp contact with my soft bottom.

   The beginning of a warm feeling follows this attack on my body.

   I hear another soft 'smack', and the warmth begins to spread.

   Jacob seems to notice that I'm beginning to enjoy this spanking and he
continues.

   Soon I am floating within the confines of a different kind of pleasure than I
am used to.

   "Very nice Janine, you are doing so well". Jacob says softly, almost
crooning. "Now I have something to show you".

   Turning as much as I am able, to see what he is doing, I watch as he lifts a
strange device from the bag that has mysteriously materialized by his side.

   It has a handle with lengths of leather protruding from it on one end.

   "This is my favorite flogger Janine, I use it to bring pleasurable sensations
to my submissives. Sensations that they want and need".

   Watching as he starts to twirl the leather strips in the air, I find myself
fascinated as they make a soft swooshing sound going around.

   Looking forward again and bracing myself for things to come, I am startled as
it swipes across my fundament with a resounding 'whack'.

   A feeling of warmth begins to come over me. It's a strange and wonderful
feeling. It envelopes me totally as he subjects my backside to many more strokes
with the flogger.

   As he slowly works his way up my back from my posterior and then moving
slowly in reverse to the starting point, I feel the warming sensations emerging
into full feelings of wonderful peace and tranquility.

   The warmth spreads all along the route of the irrepressible flogger, and the
wondrous sensations I feel cannot be expressed in mere words.  

   Giving myself over to the sensations of extreme pleasure he is forcing into
the little bit of consciousness I have left, I find myself slipping into a
wonderful place in my mind.

   A place that is so pleasurable It makes me feel as if I'm  about to drown in
my own senses.   

   I find this joy so totally overwhelming that the little bit of pain I
experience is nothing compared to the delirious joy I find within these feelings
of ecstasy.

   How long he continues I don't know, whether it is minutes or hours I have no
way of telling, no reference point to gauge from.

   Finally, in the distance, I feel his warm hands rubbing me all over sending a
wondrous tingling sensation throughout my body.

   His hand slides to the seat of my femininity, from whence all satisfaction
flows, and he massages me there.

   Suddenly, my senses are staggered as I feel a very intense sexual pleasure
wash over me in wave after wave of indescribable gratification.

   Slumping down on the couch, I lay there for minutes, maybe hours I don't
know, before I  weakly roll over and look him straight in his beautiful eyes.

   "Thank you Sir, this time has been better than any we have ever had, I love
the way you Love me".

   I watch him as he bends over towards me and kissing me, he says "I Love You
Janine".               

                     

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hans Boatman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





