BDSM Library - You Bet Your Wife




You Bet Your Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The pilot episode of the game show, "You Bet Your Wife."  Much like Millionaire but every wrong answer is paid for sexually by the contestant's wife on TV.
"Hello, and welcome to You Bet Your Wife.  The show where only the contestant's
wit can stop us from using his wife on national TV," boomed, an unseen
announcer.  "Now let's give a big welcome to Zoya Takoni, our host and the
sexiest, kinkiest star in Hollywood."

A bright spotlight shot across the dark stage to reveal Zoya strutting across
the stage.  Her welcome consisted of nearly as much whopping as applause.  Zoya
clearly enjoyed the attention and rewarded the audience with a confident sexy
walk, which would have challenged every man in the room, even if her body had
been hidden by loose fabric from head to toe. To the obvious delight of the
audience her outfit obviously made no attempt to hide anything. Today she was
wearing a black leather mini skirt slit up the side to expose the thin strap of
a blue thong.  A transparent blue shirt, held closed in the middle by a single
tie covered, though only in a very generous sense of the word, her top.  Through
the delicate blue fabric a matching bra was clearly visible.  The entire outfit,
would only barely have qualified for late night network TV, thankfully this
wasn't network TV.

At the center of the stage a sleek couch waited by itself for the host. Just big
enough for two people to both sit on, it was clearly designed to force its
occupants into close contact. Zoya stopped in front of the couch waiting as the
audience to quiet and the lights rose on this stage.  Zoya stood on the middle
of a glass stage empty except for herself and the couch.  This stage was now
brightly illuminated both by spotlights and a multitude of small lights shining
up through the floor but nearby the outline of another circular stage were
visible but its contents were obscured by darkness.

Flashing a naughty little smile Zoya asked the audience, "Is everyone ready for
me to win someone's wife?" "Well then let's meet our contestant tonight!"

The deep voiced announcer broke in again, "Give a big hand to our contestant,
Michael Schmidt from Chicago Illinois." 

A new spotlight lit Michael's entrance.  He was fashionably, though somewhat
conservatively dressed in khaki slacks and a short-sleeved button down blue
shirt.  A slim build along with short brown hair completed his look as an
attractive young professional.  Coming up to Zoya, Michael reached out his hand
to great her but disregarding Michael's attempted handshake, Zoya warmly kissed
him on the cheek. 

"Hi Michael, congratulation for qualifying for You Bet Your Wife."  Following
Zoya's gesture Michael and Zoya sat on the couch, the short length unavoidably
pushing Zoya's bare legs up against Michael.

"Before we start the game tonight maybe you could tell us a little bit about
yourself, Michael." asked Zoya while flashing him a flirtatious smile that would
have challenged the vows of monk.

"Well I'm 23 years old recent college graduate.  I finished up at UCLA only a
little over a year ago," answer Michael his voice betraying a mixture of
nervousness and the unconscious desire to impress a pretty woman.

As soon as the enthusiastic UCLA supporters in the audience died down Zoya
continued her friendly questioning, "So what caused you to move to Chicago?"

"Work.  It was the only place where both my wife and I could find employment."

"So what do you do?"

"I'm a computer programmer.  I work for a firm that makes personal budgeting
software."

"And your wife?"

"Allison does typesetting for the newspaper."

"Those are pretty different jobs, how did you two meet?"

"Well actually they aren't that different, we both do our work on the computer. 
That's how we meet.  Allison lived across the hall from me our sophomore year
and we met when she needed help installing some of her typesetting software. 
When we were both single the next year I asked her out and we've been together
ever since," Michael replied smiling at the memory.

"Ohh that's sweet, and when did you get married?"

"Last year, right after we graduated from college."

"So since you started dating her has anyone else slept with your wife?"

"Not that I know of," responded Michael with a nervous little laugh.

"Does putting Allison on You Bet Your Wife, make you nervous?  You know you
might have to watch her sleep with someone else on national TV."

"Sure, I'm a little nervous but I'm going to quit before that can happen."
Zoya's smile became a little devious at this response.  It wouldn't be hard to
tease Michael into risking a lot more than he planned.  Not questioning his
response Zoya continued, "So what made you decide to compete in You Bet Your
Wife?"

"Actually it was my wife's idea.  We've been thinking about starting a family so
we want to purchase a house.  Even though Allison's very pretty we didn't really
think we were going to be selected when we applied but she didn't think having
someone fondle her breasts would be the end of the world and we could get enough
money to purchase our dream house."  At the mention of someone fondling
Allison's breasts Michael twisted a little in his seat obviously not entirely
comfortable with the idea.

Lightly touching Michael's arm Zoya said, "I wish you luck getting that house.
Are you ready to start playing?"

"Sure"

"Do you remember the rules?"

"I'm pretty sure I have them down."

"Well let me remind you and the audience," Zoya said launching into a practiced
description.  "Before this show started we gave Michael and his wife a
psychological questioner as well as interviewing their friends. Our experts have
examined those responses and figured out a secret dark fantasy of Allison's. 
How much of that fantasy Allison has to act out in front of our studio audience
depends on how well Michael can answer our questions."

"The questions work much like Who Wants to be a Millionaire.  The first question
is worth one thousand dollars and each additional question twice the previous
question up to a total of ten questions.  Like Millionaire the contestant can
request a hint but he must 'pay' for his hint by removing a major article of
clothing.  Unlike Millionaire a wrong answer doesn't cause the contestant to
forfeit money, it causes his wife to forfeit sexual favors.  The later the
question the more his wife has to pay for the mistake.  For instance a wrong
answer on the first question might require the contestant's wife to strip down
to a bra and panties. An incorrect answer on question two, whether or not the
contestant got the first question right, might cause his wife to strip down to
only her panties. We can't have contestants cutting and running once they start
to lose so you can only ask us to release your wife after a correct answer but
the contestant can always choose not to spare his wife even if he gets the
questions right.  The later questions are harder than the earlier ones. There is
also an extra special bonus for getting the tenth question right."

Pausing Zoya suggestively liked her lips making sure to rest her hand on
Michael's thigh to make the beneficiary clear, "I'm your slave for the night." 
Rubbing her hand up and down over Michael's thigh Zoya suggestively continued,
"I promise you won't be disappointed.  Even better any couple getting all ten
questions correct will have any reasonable sexual fantasy of their choice
fulfilled. They may even select audience or staff members of their choice to
participate. Our lawyers assure us that the contract our audience members have
signed is completely binding.  However, so as not to disappoint the viewing
public the successful contestant must appoint an audience or staff member, such
as myself, to take the place of the contestant's wife as if all ten questions
had been answered incorrectly.    On the other hand if you get the tenth
question wrong not only are you going to be publicly cuckolded but the
contestant must follow my orders while his wife is exploited and of course I get
a large cash bonus. Contestants getting all ten questions wrong become the
property of this show for one year."


"Alight Michael, are you ready to see the situation we have arranged for your
wife?"

Still somewhat nervous but also quite curious what dark fantasy lurked in
Allison's man Michael gave a brief nod.  At his assent the second stage was
sprayed with spotlights and burst into view.  The first thing Michael noticed
about the other stage was the transparent box, pulleys and ropes hanging from
its ceiling, surrounding the entire structure.  He wondered if it was to keep
over-enthusiastic spectators out or reluctant participants inside but before he
could dwell on the troubling second option he finally noticed his wife standing
in the center of the second stage. If Zoya's outfit invited men to ogle her body
Allison's tight leather corset demanded they fuck her.  The rest of Allison's
outfit did nothing to dissuade them.  A small black thong, the straps obviously
designed to be easily untied, was her only other covering.  Boots and a wide
leather collar completed the look.  Allison wasn't the only person on the other
stage.  Standing around her stood four shirtless well-built men wearing only
tight leather pants.  Showing a degree of self control obviously beyond the
audience they maintained a military at-ease position looking out into the crowd
instead of ogling the barely clothed beauty in their midst.  A tall blond haired
women paced around the four men making sure they maintained their discipline.
Skin-tight red latex covered her from head to toe but she carried a long black
riding crop to discourage any ideas her outfit might provoke.

After a moment for Michael and the audience to absorb Allison's predicament Zoya
returned to her role as the host.  Addressing the woman in the skintight red cat
suit Zoya asked, "Mistress Dena, could you please tell Michael and our audience
what you plan to do with his wife."

The lady in the red cat suit responded in a clipped authoritarian tone, "First I
am going to have Allison handcuffed show she can't object to our later uses of
her.  Then I am going to have one of my men remove her panties."  While mistress
Dena continued her list she was slowly pacing around Allison running her black
riding crop over Allison's body dramatically illustrating her worlds.  "After
Michael's third mistake Allison's ankles will be bound in chains.  Next we will
suspend her by those ankle ties, leaving her dangling and helpless in the air."

With the graphic description of how she would be stripped and helplessly bound
Allison began to tremble slightly, though with fear or desire even she wasn't
sure.  The mistress took note of her reaction but continued her list without the
slightest warming of tone.  "Suspended revealingly I will violate and toy with
Allison and then force her to please one of my assistants.  Her last shred of
clothing will be striped from her and after this we will string her up
horizontally giving me complete access to her body.  Once she is hanging in the
air with her legs spread I will let one of my assistants take her.  Should her
husband get the last question incorrect I will let my assistants use her as a
fuck toy until they are fully satisfied."  By now Allison's nervousness was
clearly displayed on her face but the way her body would follow the light touch
of her mistress's crop suggested that nervousness was mixed with desire.  "Don't
worry," mistress Dena said turing to Allison with a slight smile, "my men have
plenty of stamina.  They won't be satisfied for some time."

Zoya turned back to Michael asking, "So how do you feel about what we have in
store for your wife?" 
"Well it makes me a little nervous," replied Michael his voice trembling just a
bit. 

"It also turns you on doesn't it,"  Zoya asserted running her hand up Michael's
thigh and grasping his hard member through his pants to make her point. 
Michael's body twitched in response to Zoya's attentions but obviously feeling
uncomfortable with his wife so publicly at risk he said nothing.

"Well it is to late for you to turn back now, Michael," intoned Zoya,
"it's time for your first question."


Michael quickly answered the first two questions without any apparent
difficulty.  With each correct answer Zoya would now on the third question,
"What is the second tallest mountain in the world," he seemed stumped.  Being
pressed up against Zoya, who never missed an opportunity to touch his arm or
leg, wasn't helping his concentration.

"I should know this," commented Michael, "but it just seems to have slipped my
mind." 

Zoya began to finger the buttons on Michael's shirt and reminded him, "You know
if you let me take off your shirt you can have a hint." 

Michael hesitated for a moment glancing at his wife who was watching him
intently, an unreadable look on her face and he answered, "Sure."

Allison stared unwaveringly, her expression indecipherable, as Zoya teasingly
undid Michael's buttons.  His shirt unbuttoned, revealing a trim well-muscled
chest, Michael finished pulling it off flashing a guilty look towards Allison. 
Zoya's fingernails scraped lightly over Michael's pecks and trailed down his
stomach to run teasingly along his belt line.  The bulge in Michael's pants
making the effect clear to anyone in the audience. 

Finally, deciding she had been enough of a tease for now Zoya whispered her clue
in Michael's ear, "There is a 'two' in the name." Zoya's fingers idly traced
pattern's on Michael's bare top, distracting him while he searched for an answer
he should know. 
Finally realizing the answer wasn't going to come to him he relented, "Alight, I
give up."

"Ohh too bad," Zoya replied placing a lingering kiss on Michael's lips,

"Let's watch what happens to your wife."

In response to a barked command from their mistress the four men standing around
Allison moved in to extract the cost of Michael's mistake.  Allison stood calmly
as the men closed in around her but her face betrayed nervousness and desire. 
Acting in concert the men behind Allison grasped her wrists, their strong hands
holding her still as they handcuffed her hands together behind her back.  The
two shirtless men in front bent down to bind her ankles coincidentally giving
the entranced audience a perfect view of the woman being helpless bound in front
of them. Their work finished Allison's muscled captors professionally stepped
back ignoring the opportunity to fondle their victim.  Instead they pulled the
heavy steel chains now firmly locked to Allison's ankles taught giving her no
choice but to spread her legs in response.  The entire position, hands cuffed
behind her back and legs forcibly spread apart was designed to make her feel
extremely vulnerable and it was working.

The red clad Mistress Dena strolled up to Allison to inspect her bound captive. 
Mistress Dena walked around behind Allison as if inspecting a piece of property
letting her riding crop tantalizingly trace Allison's breasts and ass.  In
response Allison's heart began to thud in her chest but whether it was in fear
or desire even she couldn't tell.  Stopping behind her victim Mistress Dena
reached her hands around to run them lightly over her victim's tight corset. 
Snaking out her tongue the red clad mistress teasingly licked Allison's ear and,
in response to her sudden intake of breath, she whispered, "I'm going to have
all my men fuck you while everyone watches, and your going to enjoy it."

Unlike Zoya, Dena wasn't wearing a mike and the audience couldn't hear what she
said but they could see and imagine from the way Allison's body suddenly
stiffened.  A master showman mistress Dena knew she had built up the
anticipation to just the write point and swiftly untied the knots holding
Allison's panties to her hips.  She could hear the audience gasp as Allison's
panties dropped to the floor revealing a neatly shaved ribbon of hair.  Knowing
when to touch and when to build anticipation mistress Dena walked back around to
Allison's front.  Grabbing Allison's bare ass mistress Dena pulled her in for a
long slow kiss, to the audible appreciation of the men in the audience.  Then,
as suddenly as the kiss had begun, Dena walked away leaving a flustered Allison.

"Wow that was sexy," commented Zoya to Michael, "are you ready for the next
question?"  Looking a little uneasy Michael gave a short nod. Smiling naughtily
at Michael's discomfort Zoya read the next question which, much to Michael's
relief, he answered easily. 

Hiding her disappointment Zoya warmly congratulated him, "With smarts like this
you don't have anything to worry about," while worshipfully resting her hand on
Michael's right bicep.  Zoya was looking forward to making Michael squirm while
he watched Mistress Dena publicly turn his wife into a slut but she had to be
careful and make sure he didn't chicken out.  As it was, her carefully crafted
compliment was having the desired effect and Michael confidently announced he
was ready for the next question. "Name the two moons of mars."

The question hung for a minute in the air, the troubled look on Michael's face
revealing his confusion.  As Michael wracked his mind looking for the answer
Zoya's hands began distractingly trailing over his chest.  His attention divided
Michael struggled to stay focused but he couldn't help but watch Zoya's teasing
fingers slide under the waist of his pants.

Toying with the button on his slacks Zoya made him a compelling offer, "Let me
take these off and you can have another hint." 

Zoya knew reducing Michael to just his underwear would distract him far more
than the hint might help but her fingers were keeping Michael from thinking
straight. Torn at the offer Michael looked to his wife for advice and naturally
found her staring back at him watching another women tease her husband but the
apprehensive look on her face made up his mind.

Resolving not to get another question wrong and let this go any further he gave
Zoya the answer she was hoping for, "Alight, I'll take the hint."

Flashing a triumphant smile toward Allison Zoya began slowly undoing Michael's
pants.  In keeping with her part of the bargain Zoya relayed to Michael the hint
she received over her ear piece, "One of them is named Demos and the other
starts with a P," while her skillful hands sought to undermine any benefit the
hint might have given Michael.  Seemingly incidentally Zoya took every chance to
rub against Michael's hardening penis as she pulled his slacks down around her
ankles.

Finding himself very exposed, not to mention aroused, in nothing but a pair of
silk boxers obviously tented up by his engorged penis a flustered Michael
guessed desperately, "Portos."

"Ohh, I'm so sorry," Zoya responded with faked sympathy, "The correct answer is
Phobos, I'm afraid," Zoya continued tracing the edge of Michael's penis with a
fingernail, "that your wife is going to have to pay for that." 

Traitorously Michael's penis twitched in arousal revealing another weakness for
Zoya to manipulate.  Pretending she hadn't noticed, Zoya continued, "Mistress
Dena would you please take charge of Allison's payment."

Slapping the riding crop against her leg Mistress Dena barked out an order.
Jumping to obey one of the shirtless men behind Allison slipped his thick
muscular arms around Allison's waste forcing her to lean back against his bare
chest.  Moving together as a team two other men in leather pants threw the
chains attached to Allison's ankles up over two large pulleys, which hung from
the ceiling.  Rhythmically, in short sure strokes, the men pulled the metal
links down over those pulleys inevitably dragging Allison's ankles up towards
the ceiling.  Allison's black boots were yanked off the floor forcing her weight
to be supported by the man behind her and the chains fastened about her black
leather boots.  The extra weight seemed not to matter to the men on the chains,
muscles bulging they continued to hoist Allison's ankles higher until her feet
dangled from the chains nine feet off the floor.  With a snap of finality the
fourth man locked the metal chains to fixtures in the floor and the man who had
been holding Allison about the waste gently released her to hang by her ankles.
Michael watched fascinated as Allison was hoisted into the air.  Despite himself
he couldn't help but be aroused by the sight of his bottomless wife helplessly
hung with her legs split into a Y.  Turned on herself Zoya continued to lightly
trace Michael's penis with her fingernail.  In her mind Zoya relished the
thought of toying with Michael while he watched Mistress Dena repeatedly use his
wife.  First though she had to make sure he didn't get away.  Capitalizing on
his fixated stare Zoya slipped her hand up under his boxers skillfully using her
hand to bring Michael to new levels of distraction.

Mistress Dena paced around her helpless hanging victim letting the exposing
nature of the situation sink in.  Without panties and suspended upside down with
spread legs Allison's most private parts were on public display. Tantalizingly
Mistress Dena ran a finger down over Allison's inner thigh, circling but not
touching her flushed lips.  Pausing for a moment Mistress Dena looked out
challengingly at the audience deliberately bringing her finger up to her lips
and sexily sucking on it.

Knowing what was coming the audience sat silently at the edge of their seats as
the red clad blonde dominatrix dragged her wet finger over Allison's sensitive
pussy then suddenly pushing it in between the waiting lips.  Pleased with the
gasp her invasion of Allison's ready pussy elicited Dena withdrew her finger now
covered in her juices.  Mistress Dena knew what the audience, or at least the
men, wanted to see.  Bringing her finger down to Allison's mouth, which hung at
about waist level, she ordered, "Suck it."  Allison shook her head no, keeping
her lips tightly sealed.  Quick as a flash the riding crop was in Mistress
Dena's other hand harshly smacking Allison's bare ass.  Mistress Dena ordered
again, "Suck it," and this time Allison reluctantly opened her mouth and
dutifully sucked off her own juices while the audience cheered.

Stepping back so she could watch Allison's face Mistress Dena turned to one of
her male underlings ordering, "Bring me the violator." 

The blonde dominatrix watched with satisfaction as desire and fear warred on her
captive's face; she prided herself on using a victims own sexual need to break
them teasing and tormenting them until they begged to be violated and used in
the most graphic ways.  Taking the large black dildo by the long prominent
handle from her assistant she leisurely walked back to Allison.  Placing the
rounded end against Allison's knee Mistress Dena lightly ran the rounded tip of
the violator over her victim's inner thing and then on down over the tight black
corset still covering Allison's top. Resting the thick artificial penis against
Allison's throat Mistress Dena listened to the sweat sound of her victim's heavy
anticipatory breathing.

Deciding it was time to make Allison complicit in her abuse Mistress Dena
demanded, "Tell me what you think I'm going to do with this." 

Allison balked for a moment but as the red clad dominatrix shifted to take her
riding crop she nervously spoke up, "You're going to violate me with it." Seeing
the stern frown on Mistress Dena's face Allison realized she wouldn't be
satisfied with anything but a graphic description.  Realizing she had no choice
the normally demure Allison gave in, "You are going to take that big black dildo
and push it into my pussy.  Then you're going to keep pumping it in and out
while the audience watches me get violated."

"Very good," complimented the blonde dominatrix, "but you forgot to say how much
you were going to enjoy it."  Taking the blunt end of the long black rod away
from Allison's throat Mistress Dena walked around behind Allison so everyone
could have a clear view of her face.  Bringing the black dildo up between
Allison's legs Mistress Dena rested it on Allison's entrance.  "Take a look
around," taunted the dominatrix, "everyone, even your husband, wants to see you
penetrated."  Slowly now the thick black rod sank down pushing it's way deep
into Allison's body.  Unable to help herself Allison closed her eyes and groaned
in pleasure as she was filled. Reaching around the large black rod Mistress
Dena's finger's found Allison's clit and began to massage while her other hand
continued to ram the rod in and out of her helpless victim.

Listening to his wife describe how she was going to be used had an irresistible
effect on Michael.  Despite himself Michael found himself muttering under his
breath, "Yes, give it to her," as the black rod slid into his wife. 

Taking advantage of the situation Zoya leaned over whispering in Michael's ear
while her hand continued to excite his penis to new levels of arousal.  "Isn't
it great to see her helplessly violated," Zoya whispered, "that big black dildo
slides in and out of your wife while everyone watches. Wouldn't you like to take
me from behind while we watch your wife get off? You can make it happen if you
get the last question right," Zoya suggested rubbing Michael's penis for
emphasis. Helplessly Michael found himself considering the idea, but he was soon
distracted by Allison's cries.

"Ohh god, ohh god," moaned Allison her cries of pleasure amplified to fill the
entire set. 

Michael could tell his wife was on the verge of orgasm but Mistress Dena wasn't
about to allow anything of the kind.  Cruelly denying Allison her release the
blonde dominatrix pushed the dildo deep into her victim and left it impaled
there.  Mistress Dena briefly continued to torment Allison by teasing her clit
watching her struggle helplessly in midair in a futile attempt to gain leverage
against the dildo still penetrating her body and achieve release.  A barely
audible "please" escaped Allison's mouth before she clamped it shut resolving
not to beg like a slut in front of all these people. 

With false innocence the red clad dominatrix asked, "Did you want something?" 
When Allison didn't respond Mistress Dena shrugged, it was still too early to
expect her victim to start begging, and then motioned one of her shirtless
underlings over.  Taking the man's large hand she placed it around the black rod
protruding from Allison and carefully positioned his large fingers over her
victim's sensitive clit.  Ignoring the sharp hiss from below a man's touch
elicited Mistress Dena sharply instructed her assistant, "Use your fingers to
keep her just shy of orgasm. If she comes you will be sorry," threatened the
blond dominatrix, "but a job well done will be rewarded," emphasizing her last
comment with a pointed glance at the helpless girl hanging in front of them.

"Mmmm, your wife is a sexy little thing," commented Zoya, "she really seems to
be enjoying her treatment." 

"Mmmm," answered Michael noncommittally his attention focused on watching his
wife twitch and squirm as the muscular man behind her expertly teased her clit. 
Pressing the issue Zoya continued her hand moving to cup Michael's penis as she
spoke, "If she doesn't like it why is she moaning so much?" "Okay, I guess it
really turns her on,"

Michael reluctantly admitted, "what's your point?"

"Only that it doesn't really seem fair for you to just watch her enjoy herself
without getting anything for yourself," Zoya answered taking Michael's hand and
pulling it to her bare stomach to emphasis what she meant by anything.

Automatically Michael found himself pulling Zoya in for a deep kiss. Allowing
Michael's hands to pull her in Zoya knelt over Michael's waist grinding her
crotch against his as they kissed.  Breaking the kiss Zoya arched back giving
the overhead camera a good shot of Michael's hands groping her breasts.  Judging
she had Michael right were she wanted him, it was a really big bonus if he
missed the last question after all.

 Zoya sprung her trap, "You know if you get the tenth question right my body is
yours to use. It's only fair you get to enjoy yourself too." 

"I suppose," answered Michael torn between the promise he made to Allison to
quit early and the nearly irresistible desire to fuck Zoya.  He glanced over
Zoya's shoulder at his wife still twitching in desire but also intently watching
his seduction.  Evading the issue for the moment, he had to answer the next
question no matter what, Michael instead asked for the next question.

Without abandoning her position kneeling across Michael Zoya immediately asked,
"Who is the president of Russia?"

 Excited and distracted Michael found himself blurting out, "Gorbachov."  As
soon as he said it he realized his mistake saying, "No, no that's not what I
meant!"

"Ohh that's too bad," cooed Zoya, "I'm afraid we have to take your first answer. 
Mistress Dena would you do the honors."

"Hey," Michael protested, "I got the right answer.  It was just a slip of the
tongue."  To Michael's dismay only Zoya seemed to hear his objections and she
made no motion to stop the blonde dominatrix.  Instead Zoya leaned over on top
of Michael swinging her leg over his lap and rubbing her smooth toned thigh
against his tented boxers, not incidentally pushing her already scandalous
miniskirt even higher.

Nibbling Michael's ear Zoya whispered, "What's the problem?  Don't you want to
see Allison suck cock?" Stroking his penis Zoya continued taunting Michael,
"Don't you want to see your sweat little wife's mouth sliding up and down big
hard cock?" Helplessly Michael found himself distracted by Zoya's disturbing,
yet extremely erotic, suggestions.  Losing the fight with his arousal Michael's
protests died on his lips and he stared fixedly at the other stage his face
contorted with desire and horror.

Well versed in the power of suspense Mistress Dena calmly strutted back towards
Allison giving her time to think about what was about to happen. With a gentle
touch of the fingers the blond dominatrix indicated her shirtless helper should
stop teasing Allison.  With a look of detached interest Mistress Dena began to
examine Allison with her fingers.  Even lightly touching the area where
Allison's labia spread to take in the wide black dildo produced a muffled moan
and a bit of frustrated struggling. Finished with her exam Mistress Dena slapped
her riding crop across Allison's breasts, even through the corset producing a
yelp, and declared, "Your about ready to cum.  You want to be fucked bad don't
you?"  When

Allison defiantly refused to answer Mistress Dena simply shrugged and turned to
her beautifully built assistant standing ready in front of Allison. The blond
dominatrix deliberately circled around behind her assistant making sure
Allison's face hung mere inches from his waist.  Reaching around from behind she
started lightly running her painted nails over his well-defined chest.  Through
extreme discipline the man stood at attention without the slightest facial
twitch as the Mistress Dena's fingers traced their way from his chest down to
his abdomen.  Addressing her assistant but loud enough for Allison and the
microphones to hear, the blond dominatrix commented, "You did a good job not
letting that slut cum."

Hearing herself address as 'that slut' hit Allison like a high voltage shock. 
Outraged at the slight she twisted forcefully against her bounds doing little
twisting herself around the large black dildo firmly planted between her legs. 
Allison tried to fight back a moan but the fact that they could call her a slut
and she couldn't do anything about it was too arousing.  Hating herself for
being turned on by it, and hating herself even more for showing she was turned
on by it she still couldn't stop the gasp of pleasure from escaping her lips.

Ignoring Allison's struggles Mistress Dena's nails continued to work their way
down her handsome assistants torso.  Reaching his tight leather pants the blonde
dominatrix began deliberately untying the laces.  While her hands worked to free
the bulge in her assistant's pants her voice revealed her intent, "I promised
you a reward for a good job and you deserve it." Knowing full well what was
going to happen, Allison watched with hypnotic fascination as Mistress Dena
first undid the black leather pants and then slid her hand into them to emerge
with a large semi-erect cock.  Unable to turn away Allison stared as Mistress
Dena's fingernails skillfully brought her assistants manhood to attention. 
Desire and fear warred in Allison's mind as she watched the penis grow to a
large erect cock.

His penis fully erect Mistress Dena grabbed the man's wrists and pulled his
hands up, policeman style, behind his head.  Giving his cock one last stroke the
blond dominatrix commented, "Don't move and enjoy your reward." Turning to
Allison Mistress Dena ordered, "Alight slut, get to it and start sucking." 
Staring at the large dick inches from her face Allison swallowed nervously and
paused.  How could she take that much?  The harsh sting, of a riding crop on her
ass, interrupted her thoughts. "Didn't you hear me slut," demanded Mistress Dena
whilst striking her hard across the ass again, "start sucking."  Desperate to
avoid the stinging pain Allison opened wide and dove down on the waiting cock.

"Isn't that hot," whispered Zoya into Michael's ear, "I just love the way your
wife is sucking on that cock."  Michael grunted noncommittally in response his
attention focused on the large screen displaying a close-up of Allison's face,
her eyes firmly shut in a look of deep concentration. "See how tightly her lips
are wrapped around that hard penis," Zoya continued massaging Michael's penis
through his boxers, "and how deeply that dick is sliding into her mouth." 
Michael softly groaned in repressed desire and Zoya continued her pornographic
commentary to the giant image of his wife sucking cock. Not wanting to push
Michael over the edge yet Zoya gave his penis one last rub and pulled away.  "It
looks like your wife is going to be sucking that dick for awhile so we had
better move on to the next question."  Still watching Allison give head Michael
barely responded but Zoya continued anyway. "How many electoral votes does
Florida cast in the US presidential election," Zoya asked now back in announcer
mode. 

"Jesus Christ," swore Michael still watching his wife's face slide up and down
the glistening shaft, "how am I supposed to know that?"  Still focused on the
video screen he finally gave up an answer, "Twenty Two."  Smiling in response

Zoya turned to Mistress Dena, "Would you please do the honors?"

Allison's eyes snapped open in response to Mistress Dena's hands on her hips. 
Hanging from her ankles with her mouth filled by cock there was nothing Allison
could do as the dominatrix' hands moved down her sides to begin unlacing the
corset.  While Allison's head continued to bob up and down Mistress Dena pulled
the corset away revealing Allison's luscious breasts pulled into perfect
half-spheres by the reverse gravity.

Mistress Dena worked her hands around to gently cup Allison's breasts. Taking
Allison's nipples between her fingers the dominatrix gave a long slow pull on
the breasts.  Allison's mouth opened to moan in what may have been pain or
pleasure but any sound was cut off as the man thrust his rock hard penis down
into her throat.  Seeing her assistant's bucking hips Mistress Dena reversed her
manipulations now kneading Allison's breasts with strong sure motions.

The red clad dominatrix now pulled back on Allison's breasts using them as
handles to move her body.  Hanging from her ankles Allison easily swayed
backward forcing her to lean forward just to keep the tip of the bucking penis
in her mouth.  Finally the cock was fully pulled from Allison's mouth giving her
enough time only to exclaim, "What.." before the twitching dick spurted it's hot
cum over her breasts. 

Mistress Dena pushed Allison's breasts together to capture the last dribbles
commenting to Allison, "How does it feel to be drenched in cum on national TV?"

To the audiences delight Mistress Dena forced Allison to lick the globules of
cum of which had dribbled onto her finger's as well as Allison's breasts before
starting to massage the rest of the hot semen into Allison's breasts. While the
audience watched his naked wife get lathered in cum Michael had to face another
question.  Once again he was stumped, this time trying to remember the capitol
of Nebraska. 

Realizing he wouldn't get any more sure waiting around he finally offered his
answer, "Omaha." 

"Ohh, I'm so sorry," cooed Zoya, "the correct answer is Lincoln."

Seeing that Michael had gotten another question wrong Mistress Dena gave one
last tug on Allison's breasts, eliciting a disappointed sigh from her victim. 
"Alight boys," ordered the dominatrix, "finish stringing her up." 

Mistress Dena toyed with the large black dildo still impaled between her
victim's legs while her men begin taking up the slack in the chains around
Allison's wrists.  Mistress Dena ran her nail gently around Allison's pussy
lips.  Ignoring her victims reluctant moans Mistress Dena taunted, "Don't worry
I'm sure we can replace this with something more satisfying," as she slowly
pulled the black rod out of Allison's body.

"Only two more questions," taunted Zoya as they watched Allison being hoisted up
horizontally.  "Look at the way she is hanging their just waiting for someone to
stand between her spread legs and pull your wife back onto their waiting cocks." 
Michael gave a stricken look as the cameras focused in between Allison's spread
legs.  However, his tented boxers told another story, quivering with excitement
as the screen showed an artificial cock mounted on a long wooden pole, teasingly
slide over his wife's entrance. 

Tearing his eyes away from the giant image of Allison quivering in desire he
spoke, "Alight, lets get this over with ask me the next question."

"What, don't you like watching," teased Zoya rubbing Michael's penis for
emphasis.  "Alight, here is the next question.  What country in the world has
the smallest population?"  Watching fixedly as the artificial cock pushed slowly
inside his wife Michael started to answer, "Mono..," then quickly stopped
himself.  If he got this question wrong that artificial penis, would be replaced
by a real one.  Instead he did he best to concentrate, distracted by Allison's
low moans as she rocked gently back and forth driven by the artificial cock
sliding in and out. Michael's rumination was interrupted by the tantalizing
touch of Zoya's fingers sliding under the elastic waistband on his boxers. 

Shifting herself to kneel suggestively on the floor in front of Michael Zoya
asked, "Do you want your final hint?"  It was a difficult offer for Michael to
refuse from a woman leaning over to gently blow on his penis through the thing
fabric.  Still he managed to pause for a second before assenting and leaning
back to let Zoya slowly pull his boxers down to his ankles. Darting forward Zoya
gave a teasing lick to Michael's glistening shaft before settling back and
announcing Michael's hint, "The answer is religious." 

"The Vatican," Michael announced suddenly confident.  Relief flooded through him
as Zoya, disappoint evident on her face, affirmed he was correct.

Glad the ordeal was over the tension visibly relaxed from Michael's body as he
announced, "I think I will take my winnings and quit now."  A disappointed sigh
ran through the audience though the expression on Allison's face was
inscrutable.  Zoya, however, was not about to give up so easily.

 Running her hands down Michael's chest and down to grab Michael's penis she
asked, "Are you sure?"  Michael paused lost for words while his brain was
overwhelmed by Zoya's skilled manipulation.

That pause gave Zoya the opening she needed.  Kneeling back on her things Zoya
reached behind her back unsnapping her bra.  Moving her hands around front to
cup her breasts she looked Michael in the eye and commented, "Remember, money
isn't the only thing you can win."  Michael opened his mouth as if to respond
but he found himself speechless as he watched Zoya move her hands away from her
breasts to rest on either side of his hips, incidentally revealing her large,
firm, TV star quality breasts.  Keeping her gaze locked with Michael's Zoya ever
so slowly brought her head down opening her mouth to take Michael's penis.  As
Zoya slid down Michael's shaft he dropped his head back moaning in pleasure.
Suddenly, Zoya pulled her head back from Michael's cock.  Getting up on her
knees she planted a deep kiss on Michael's mouth before whispering in his ear,
"Answer the next question, right or wrong and I will suck your dick dry." 

Tempted beyond human endurance Michael finally relented, "Alight, I'll take the
last question."  Zoya didn't want to give Michael any chance to back out, after
all she didn't want to miss out on her 10th question bonus or the chance to make
this attractive young man get off on his wife being cluster fucked.

Before Michael could say anything else Zoya asked, "Name the first human into
space."

Michael's stricken expression made it clear he didn't know the answer. Clearly
guessing he answered, "Alan Shepard."  For a second everything in the studio was
quite, while the audience waited breathlessly for a response and Zoya listened
to the judges on her earpiece.  Still silent Zoya ran her finger tip over
Michael's shaft. 

Wrapping her fingers around Michael's cock one at a time Zoya announced, "I'm
sorry, the correct answer is "Yuri Gagarin."  Continuing to manipulate Michael's
cock Zoya ordered, "Tell me what is happening to your wife." 

Michael responded with a confused "What?"

 Firmly grasping his cock Zoya sternly responded, "You got the last question
wrong now you do what I say.  I'll give you head but your going to tell me
exactly how your wife is getting fucked while I do it."

Cowed by Zoya's suddenly firm tone Michael began shakily, "Allison is hanging
naked from four chains with her legs spread apart.  One of those guys is
standing between her legs."  Michael suppressed a moan as Zoya's tongue ran over
his shaft but managed to continue his description, "The guy between her legs is
unlacing his pants and pulling out his dick.  Allison is trying to look back
over her shoulder to see what is going to fuck her and the guy between her legs
is now grabbing her waist to stop her from twisting away."

Zoya's mouth was now wrapped around Michael's cock and he struggled to continue
speaking as she bobbed up and down, "Jesus Christ, now the guy behind her is
pulling her back onto his dick.  Allison is trying to twist away but he has a
good grip on her hips and she can't stop herself from sliding down his cock." 
By now any hint of trepidation was gone from Michael's voice replaced with pure
animal lust, "Now he is fucking her, using his arms to make her bounce up and
down on his dick. "Pulling her flushed face up from Michael's cock Zoya asked,
"Does your wife like it?" 

Michael struggled to speak as Zoya dove down on his dick once again but finally
managed to get out a description, "Ohh god yes.  Every time that dick plunges
into her Allison can't help but moaning.  She doesn't want to be fucked on TV by
a stranger but she can't help but enjoy it. Ohh god," Michael continued clearly
overwhelmed by sexual stimulation, "The dominatrix is whipping Allison's back. 
She wants Allison to beg for cock to suck.  She is going to have to suck another
guy off while they continue to fuck her.  My God," Michael continued his dick
bucking in Zoya's mouth, "Allison is begging to suck cock."  Not able to stand
it anymore Michael shot his hot cum into Zoya's mouth while his head fell back
in ecstasy.

After licking Michael's cock clean Zoya pulled her self back up on the couch
next to him to enjoy the show.  Watching Allison getting pulled back and forth
between the cock in her pussy and the one in her mouth Zoya began toying
absently with Michael's dick.  Clearly excited herself Zoya squirmed against
Michael on the couch whispering hotly in his ear, "It's so hot seeing your wife
get fucked like this isn't it.  It's turning me on so much I just need dick." 
Even just having cum Michael's penis started hardening again.

Her fingers gently tugging Michael's semi-erect member Zoya continued her erotic
talk, "I just love seeing girl's penetrated, especially when they can't do
anything to stop themselves from being violated."  As if suddenly realizing
something Zoya asked, "Has your wife ever taken it up the ass?"

"No, never," Michael responded with a skeptical tone in his voice but his now
nearly turgid penis told a different story.

"It would be so hot to see your wife take it in the ass," Zoya continued her
commentary, "so hot I would let you fuck me while we watched."  Now Michael's
penis was back to rock hard causing Zoya to smile slightly. Slipping off the
couch once more Zoya got down on her hands and knees in front of Michael,
turning around to give him a come hither look.  Unable to pass on a hot women
waiting for him on her hands and knees Michael too slid off the couch coming to
kneel right behind Zoya. His hands shacking with lust Michael reached out to
undo Zoya's tight skirt, leaving her on her hands and knees in just a thong. 
Zoya moaned as Michael leaned forward to cup her breasts and wiggled herself
suggestively against his once again hard cock.  Running his hands down Zoya's
body Michael hooked his fingers in her thong sliding it easily off Zoya's hips.
Looking up from his preoccupation Michael suddenly realized the attention of the
room was on him.  Allison still hung suspended from her bonds, the first two men
having finished up with her.  Another man stood ready behind her, his hard dick
resting between Allison's tight buttocks but making no move to act. 

Finally, Mistress Dena broke the silence speaking to Michael, "So should we make
your wife take it up the ass?"

Allison blurted out, "Michael..." but her sentence was cut off by a harsh crack
from Mistress Dena's whip. 

Instead Mistress Dena simply looked at Michael and said, "It's your decision." 

Rubbing her self against Michael's engorged penis and looking back over her
shoulder, Zoya begged, "Please, I want to see her take it hard while you fuck
me." 

Unable to stand it anymore Michael relented, "Yes, fuck her ass."

Moaning in anticipation Zoya reached back between her legs guiding Michael into
her pussy.  Grabbing Zoya's hips Michael began thrusting himself into her as he
watched his wife's face contort, first in pain and surprise then in pleasure, as
the man's dick slowly slid between her buttocks. 

Staring at his wife getting fucked Michael found himself muttering, "Ohh god
give it to her hard," as he continued to pump into Zoya.

----

Story by Quale.

Editing help or suggestions appreciated.  If you want to write another
'episode' of 'You bet your wife' feel free but I would appreciate a credit
if you base it off my version.  I figure this show is the 'pilot' and when
i get around to writing new versions there will be a temptation
specifically tailored to the man in question (asian school girls, twins
etc..)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Quale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





