BDSM Library - Boy Hunt




Boy Hunt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young college student gets more than he bargains for when he agrees to be the prey in a simulated hunt.
Like most people, I was always short of cash when I was in college.  So I 
was always on the lookout for opportunities to make a little extra scratch.  
I never sold drugs or turned tricks or anything, but I seldom turned down 
any legal opportunity to make money.

When I was a junior I had a roommate name Reggie, and he used to do yard 
work for the rich people who lived on the north side of town.  One Thursday 
night while we were blowing off some steam and having a few beers, he told 
me about a most unusual "job" he thought I might be interested in checking 
out with him.

It seems one of his rich clients, an eccentric type he knew only as Mr. 
Black, had a big party every year that featured some unusual entertainment.  
He and 11 of his best friends got together and had a hunting expedition on 
his sprawling 10 acre estate.  But it was a most unusual kind of hunt.  The 
prey was human.

"Whoa dude!"  I said to Reg.  "You mean they shoot people?"

"Yes and no," he answered.  "They shoot people with knock-out darts.  And 
after a person is 'downed' they stamp them with a symbol that identifies the 
hunter so they get credit for the 'kill'".

"Weird," I said, "and kind of cool.  So they are looking for people to be 
hunted I take it?"

"That's the idea," he replied.

"So how much does it pay?"  I asked.

"Well, it's not that simple.  It's kind of like a bet.  You see, to get paid 
you have to get across the hunting area without getting shot.  If you do, 
you get $1000.  If you get tagged, you get nothing.  In fact, the deal is 
you kind of have to play butler to the guy that bags you for a whole 
weekend.  But hell, for that kind of money, I think it's worth the risk."

"I dunno," I said.  "The whole thing sounds kind of weird."

"Yeah, it is weird," answered Reg.  "Rich people are different.  But a 
thousand bucks would buy a lot of beer.  The good stuff.  I think you're 
just afraid that I'd get the cash while you were polishing some guyï¿½s shoes 
for the weekend."

Spurred on by his taunts, I decided to give the contest a try.  It actually 
sounded like fun.  (I was young then, and a lot less cautious than I am 
now.)

So we piled into his beat-up old Chevy the next day and made our way to the 
nice part of town.  I had to admit, the guy had quite a spread.  At least 
ten acres of partially wooded land, movie-star sized mansion, mammoth 
swimming pool - the whole package.

We walked up and rang the bell and a distinguished looking older guy opened 
the door and gave us a warm smile.

"Well hello gentleman, welcome to my little hunting party," he said.

"Hi Mr. Black," said Reg, "this is my friend Brian I was telling you about."

He took my hand and gave me a firm handshake.

"Nice to meet you, Mr. Black."

"Likewise, young man," he replied.  "The other boys are already here; let me 
show you to the changing room."

Changing room?  I hadn't realized we'd have special outfits for this 
shindig.  Oh well, like Reg said, the rich are different.

He showed us to a large room where ten other guys had already gathered.  
They were all around our age and all appeared to be in pretty good shape.  
Hanging on hooks around the room were shorts and tank top outfits, all 
black, with large white numbers on them.

Mr. Black started handing out large plastic bags to each of us.

"I'd like you to put all your clothes and other possessions in these bags.  
I've put your names on them and I'll keep everything in my safe until the 
weekend is over.  Please put everything in the bag, including your 
underwear.  I don't want anything damaged or lost while you're here."

After he'd finished handing out the bags, he left the room and closed the 
door behind him.  For a minute we all just looked at each other, holding our 
bags.

"Man I don't know about this.  I'm getting a funny feeling." I said to 
Reggie.

"Yeah, I know that feeling," he replied.  "It's the feeling of watching me 
waive that thousand bucks in front of your face while you're sprawled out on 
the ground with a dart in your ass."

There was laughter all around and it seemed to break the tension.  We all 
started to get undressed and stuff our clothes in the bags.

As I slid into the outfit, I was struck by two things.  It was tight, and it 
was kind of revealing.  The shorts were quite short and it felt kind of 
silky.

"What are we supposed to be, girls?" I said to Reg.

"It's lightweight and comfortable," he said, "perfect for running for your 
life."

Soon enough Mr. Black returned and collected our bags.  Then he ushered us 
out a back door and into the pool area.

The "hunters" had already gathered there.  They were all older than us, I'd 
guess from late 30s to mid 60s.  They were all decked out in hunting gear - 
camo and boots, rifles slung over their shoulders.  They all perked up as we 
filed out and they began looking us over.

And look us over they did.  I guessed it was because we were like animals to 
them, about to be hunted, but I had that funny feeling again as they looked 
us up and down.  I think we were all feeling it.  But we had come this far 
and there seemed to be no turning back.

Mr. Black addressed us again.

"Gentlemen, we have some business to attend to before we begin the hunt.  On 
this table I have a dozen forms, one each of you must sign.  It spells out 
the terms of our agreement.  Please read them carefully before you sign, 
because once you do they are binding.  If any of you would like to back out, 
this is the time.  Just let me know and I'll return your possessions and 
escort you off the premises."

We each picked up our copy of the agreement and began to read.  It stated 
that we were agreeing to participate in a simulated hunt, could be shot at 
and hit with the sedative dart, and would be paid $1000 if we negotiated the 
course without being hit and marked.

The final paragraph said that we would be required to provide any and all 
domestic services to the participant who sedated and marked us for a period 
of 48 hours.  I was a little uncertain about the "any and all" part, but 
when I looked up I was the last one still reading - everyone else had signed 
and returned their copy.  I scribbled my name and handed the agreement to 
Mr. Black.

"Very good," he said with a smile.  "Now let's get started.  I'd like all 
the 'prey' to line up in this area here so that the hunters can get a good 
look at their game.  Yes right over here, that's fine."

We lined up and the other men walked up and own the line, eyeing us from 
head to toe.  They walked in front and behind us, which I found strange.  I 
was really beginning to feel self conscious, especially in that brief little 
outfit.  Again I wondered if there was something more going on here than a 
glorified game of "tag."

I had noticed that one of the hunters in particularly had been staring at me 
more than the others.  He was a big man, at least 6'5" and burly but not 
overweight.  He had bushy, dark red hair and a full beard.

He stood in front of me now and looked me over slowly.  When our eyes met he 
fixed me with a hard glare.

"I'm going to mount you over my fireplace, boy," he said without smiling.

"No, you're going to refer to me as 'the one that got away'" I shot back.

He laughed then, long and loud.

"We'll see," he said.  "But I think that mouth is going to get you into 
trouble."

This was said with a serious tone, and I felt myself shiver unexpectedly.  
It was not an altogether unpleasant sensation.

"Hunters, please proceed to take your posts.  As agreed previously, all 
hunters will be dropped off at a point approximately halfway through the two 
mile course.  The prey," he shot us a glance, "must make it through the 
entire course through to the finish line without being marked to qualify for 
their prize."

As he finished speaking two large black SUVs pulled up next to the staging 
area, and the hunters divided up and climbed into the vehicles.  My new 
"friend", the red-haired hunter, looked back at me and smiled before he got 
into on of the trucks.  I couldn't help but smile back at him.

The trucks roared off into the wooded area that began about 100 yards from 
where we were standing and Mr. Black turned his attention towards us again.

"Gentleman, in about five minutes the hunters will be stationed within the 
wooded area behind me.  Approximately 2 miles due north of this position is 
the finish line.  That is your goal.  You have 2 hours to complete the 
course.  Now I want you each to take one of these wearable compasses."

He handed each of us a compass that fastened with a band around our wrists 
like a watch.  We put them on.

"Just keep heading north and you should be fine.  Note that there is a red 
button on the side of the compass.  This is your panic button.  If you are 
injured or lost or just want to give up, press this button.  This will 
transmit a distress signal to me, along with your location.  You will be 
collected immediately and attended to as necessary.  Obviously this will 
lead to an automatic disqualification, so be careful out there."

I was impressed at the extent to which he was going to ensure our safety.  
Some of the anxiety I had felt earlier began to subside, and I began to get 
excited about the upcoming race.  I felt those nice butterflies in my 
stomach one gets just before a big game you've been looking forward to 
playing.  Soon Mr. Black told us to line up.

"Get ready gentlemen."  He looked at his watch, and held up his hand.  
"And...go!  Good luck, young lions!"

And we took off.  Running was silly, really, since we weren't exactly 
pressed for time.  But I'm sure we were all keyed up and needing to burn off 
some nervous energy, so we all sprinted for the edge of the woods.  We 
slowed down as we entered them.

I decided it would be best to split from the "herd", and everyone else 
obviously felt the same because we began to spread out as we moved through 
the trees.  I wished Reg good luck before we got out of speaking distance, 
and he said "save the luck for yourself - I don't need it!"  That was Reg - 
cocky to the end.

It wasn't long before I found myself alone.  It was a thickly wooded area 
but not overgrown, so it wasn't hard to make my way through.  After I'd gone 
about half a mile, I knew I was entering the danger zone where I might start 
encountering hunters, so I started to move slowly and quietly, always 
looking for cover.

For a long time I saw and heard no one.  Then I heard a twig snap off to my 
right, and I immediately hit the ground and kept still.  About 50 yards to 
my right I saw one of the hunters creeping south.  Luckily I was not in his 
path, so I figured if I stayed still he'd pass by safely.  I didn't move 
until I was sure he was out of sight and hearing range.  I moved on 
carefully.

I didn't see or hear anyone for quite some time.  I began to worry that I 
was off course, but my compass told me I was headed north so I kept going.

Up ahead I saw a clearing opening up.  I got to the edge and peered out from 
behind a tree.  The finish line!  I could see it!  About 200 yards through 
an open field I could see a large tent pitched and some people milling 
around - it had to be the goal.  I was very close.  Just a sprint away from 
$1000 in cash!

Chuckling to myself, I stepped out from behind the tree.  Then I heard the 
click.

"Where do you think you're going, boy?"  It was the red-haired hunter!  I 
had gotten careless at just the wrong moment.

I turned around slowly and saw the muzzle of his dart rifle pointed in my 
direction.  Now he laughed to himself.

"Now we can do this the easy way, or the hard way," he said.  "You put your 
hands behind your head and get down on your knees so I can mark you and I 
won't have to shoot you with this dart.  It's really not that pleasant an 
experience.  Plus I promise I'll go easy on you this weekend.  Well, sort of 
easy."  He laughed again.

Screw it, I thought to myself.  What did I have to lose?  I didn't know how 
accurate those dart guns were, but he was a good 30 yards from me, and I 
figured I still had a shot.  Without a word, I turned and sprinted for 
safety.

I probably got about 50 yards before I heard the hiss of his rifle.  That 
was followed by a sharp sting on the back of my neck.  It felt like a bee 
sting.  Instinctively I reached up and pulled it out, but I didn't stop 
running.

For a few seconds I felt nothing, and I thought I was still going to make 
it.  Then suddenly my legs buckled and I crumpled to the ground.  I felt 
very dizzy and sort of sleepy.  I had no sense of balance.  I tried to get 
up, once, but quickly hit the ground again.

I rolled over and looked back.  The red-haired man was smiling as he walked, 
obviously in no hurry, to where I lie.  When he reached me he knelt down and 
rolled my on my stomach.  That's when things took an unexpected turn.

He pulled my hands behind my back and tied me at the wrists, quickly and 
efficiently.  Soon I was bound tightly at the ankles as well.

"Why are you tying me up?" I groaned, my words slurred and slow.

"Necessity," he answered.  "Hard-headed as you are you'd probably crawl like 
a worm to that finish line if I let you."  He laughed again.

I grew even more confused and afraid as he took off my shoes and socks.  By 
this time I was fighting off sleep and couldn't make myself form any words, 
so I merely groaned again.

Then I felt him grab the back of my tank top, and rip it completely off!

"What?" I managed to say.

"Oh I'm just dressing my 'Kill'" he said.  "Or perhaps I should say 
undressing it."  He laughed again.

Then I felt his big rough hand grab the back of my shorts and they were 
ripped off as well.  I was really afraid now, and embarrassed.  And 
wondering where all of this was leading.

He then took off my compass and I could see he was stuffing everything into 
a bag.  He stood up and I knew he was looking down at me.

"Well let me get a good look at you," he said.  "Looks good from this side."

He put the toe of one of his boots under my chest and lifted his foot to 
roll me over.  He looked me up and down, his eyes lingering on my crotch.

"You've got a nice cock, boy," he said as he leered.  I said nothing.  I had 
no idea what to say.

"Well time to get you marked."

He reached into his bag and pulled out a stamp.  He pulled the cover off and 
I could see the letters "RH" on it.  Must be his initials, I thought.

He rolled me over again and crouched down.

"Let's see.  I think I'll make my mark on that pretty ass of yours."

He reached down and squeezed my right cheek, then gave it a slap.  He 
laughed again and then I felt the cold stamp pressed against me.  It was 
done.  Game over.

He put the stamp away and put the gun and the bag over his left shoulder.  
Then he grabbed me under the arms and stood me up.  I could tell he was very 
strong.  He bent down and put his free shoulder at my waist and leaned into 
me.  I slumped forward and he stood up, with me slung over his shoulder with 
my ass in the air.

He walked unhurriedly to the encampment.  I was facing away so I could only 
see the retreating woods behind us.  I began to hear voices as we approached 
the tent.

As we arrived he turned and I heard a gate swing open.  There was a 
makeshift fenced-in area where the "kills" were apparently being kept until 
the end of the hunt.  My captor leaned down and I plopped in the dirt and 
found myself in the midst of 8 of my comrades, all naked and bound hand and 
foot like myself!  Some were sitting up and some were lying prone, 
apparently still too drugged to stay up.  None of us spoke.  I suppose we 
were in shock.

Another hunter approached the finish line.  This man was short and stocky, 
bald with a goatee.  He had his own naked "kill" slung over his shoulder, 
and when he dropped him to the ground next to me I immediately recognized as 
my roommate.

Mr. Black came into the pen as the bald hunter walked out.  I was feeling a 
little more clear-headed now, and I decided to try and find out what the 
hell was going on.

"Mr. Black," I said.  "I don't understand...I didn't expect..."

He put his foot on my chest and shoved me to my back.

"Shut your trap, boy," he said.  "You lost fair and square and now you're 
going to pay up."

There was laughter outside the pen at this.  I lay there for a time, still 
woozy and now scared and angry as well.  Somehow I had to get out of this 
place.  It was going way beyond anything I expected.

I heard a whistle blow.  The hunt was apparently over.  I rolled to my side 
and looked around.  There were ten of us in the pen, which meant there must 
have been two "winners."  Then I noticed the two guys still in their uniform 
outside the pen.  They were looking at us, laughing.  I saw Mr. Black hand 
each of them a stack of bills.  I felt even more miserable.

The two winners got into one of the SUVs, and two other men that I took to 
be the losing hunters got into the other.  Both roared off.

"Alright hunters, you may collect your spoils.  They are yours for the 
weekend," Mr. Black announced.

He moved towards us and the hunters lined up at the gate.  They filed in one 
by one and Mr. Black verified the mark, after which the ankles of the "prey" 
were unbound, a collar fitted around his neck, and a leash attached to the 
collar.  The hapless victim would them be pulled to his feet and led like a 
dog towards the large house.

When my turn came the red-haired man grabbed me by the hair and made me roll 
over to show my mark.  After this he untied my ankles and fastened a simple 
leather collar snugly around my neck and snapped a leash to it.  He grabbed 
me under the arms and lifted me to my feet.

"Move boy," he said, and then put a boot on my ass and shoved me towards the 
gate.  Walking in front of him with the leash trailing behind, my hands 
still tightly bound behind my back, I walked out of the pen and moved 
towards the house.

I tried to take stock of my options.  Escape seemed impossible.  There was a 
chance I could break his grip on the leash if I bolted, but how far would I 
get in this condition?  I would make quite a sight running around naked with 
my hands tied up, leash flying behind me!  That seemed pointless.

I thought about trying to talk my way out of the situation, reasoning with 
this "RH".  That seemed almost as ludicrous.  I was getting the impression 
that my earlier mouthing off had only worsened my situation, so more talking 
seemed unwise.

I had to conclude that at this point the best thing for me to do was to 
accept the situation, be compliant, and hope for the best.  I was helpless 
and completely at the mercy of the big, forceful man walking behind me.  And 
I found myself unexpectedly, and somewhat disturbingly, excited by this 
realization.

We walked into a back door and the red-haired hunter ordered me to make for 
a staircase to the right.  I negotiated the stairs with difficulty (you ever 
try walking up stairs with your hands bound behind you?) and when we reached 
the top we proceeded down a long hallway with many doors on either side.  
All bedrooms, I guessed.

"In here boy," said the man, kicking me in the ass again as I turned into a 
door on the left.  It was indeed a rather large bedroom with a bare wood 
floor, furnished with a good-sized bed with wooden posts, a large cabinet, 
and a high-backed wooden chair.

He pulled me by the leash to the foot of the bed and continued pulling the 
leash forward so I had to lean over the end.  Then he tied the end of the 
leash to the front of the bed so that I could not move from that position 
without choking myself.  He went to the cabinet and I heard it open.  I 
couldn't see what he was doing because my back was to it.

Then I felt him grab one of my ankles and tie something to it.  He pulled my 
ankle over and tied it to the bed post.  He did the same with the other 
ankle so that my legs were spread wide and held in place.

He untied my hands.  Then he walked around to one side of the bed and 
grabbed my wrist, tying a rope around it and then tying the other end of the 
rope to the front post of the bed.  Soon I was bound hand and foot, bent 
over the end of the bed and helpless once again.

"Now boy, it's time for me to teach you something about discipline," he said 
as he walked behind me to the cabinet again.  I heard him pull something out 
but I couldn't see what.

"You remember when I told you not to run away from me in the woods?" he 
asked.  I didn't reply right away.

WHACK!  Something smacked me hard across the ass, something thin and 
flexible and very painful.

"Answer me, boy!"  Three more hard blows landed on my ass.

"Yes!" I shouted.  "I remember!"

Quickly five more blows were landed, the last two moving to my upper thighs.

"From now on," he said in a low, no-nonsense tone, "you will address me as 
'Sir' or 'Master', and you will only speak when spoken to.  Is that clear 
boy?"

Whack!  "Y-yes SIR!"

"Good.  Now when I told you not to run you disobeyed me.  And you'll now 
learn that there is always a price to be paid for disobedience.  Since this 
was your first offense, I'm going to go easy on you.  You're going to get 20 
licks with this riding crop.  Do you understand, boy?"

"Yes...Sir." I said.  I wondered if the ones I'd already gotten counted 
towards the 20, but was afraid to ask.

Whack! Whack!  I counted them, and indeed I received 20 fresh, painful 
lashes from that evil instrument (no credit for time served!)  I cried out 
with each blow, twitching but unable to escape from its wrath.

Finally he finished, and for a moment there was silence.  Then he began to 
lightly move the tip of the instrument up the backs of my thighs, then along 
the crack of my ass.  It was a shockingly sensual feeling in contrast to the 
savage whipping I was still aching from.  I began to feel aroused in spite 
of my anger and shame.

"You really do have a nice ass, boy," he said as he pushed the tip of the 
crop further into my crack.  He removed it and started to caress me with his 
hand.

"Tell me boy, has any man ever had you back here?"

"NO!" I said indignantly.  He slapped my ass hard with his hand.

"No Sir!" I said quickly.

"That's better," he said.

I felt one of his fingers start to make its way into my asshole.  My body 
tensed up.

He laughed.  "Hmm, nice and tight.  I believe you are a virgin.  Well, I 
don't think that will be true for much longer."

He pulled out his finger and I relaxed my body, trying hard to fight pack my 
feelings of panic.  The truth is I didn't know what I felt. I was caught 
between revulsion, fear, anger, and animal lust.  But it wasn't going to get 
any easier from here.

"Time to show me what you learned," he said, and started to untie me.  My 
hands and feet were unbound and he unclipped the leash from the collar on my 
neck.

"Get up," he said.

I straightened up and stood in front of him.

"I want you to undress me, slowly," he said.  "Start with my shirt, then get 
down on your knees and take off my shoes and socks, my pants, and then my 
underwear.  Lay the clothes neatly across the chair as you take them off."

I reached up and started slowly unbuttoning his flannel shirt.  His chest 
was covered with hair and he had broad shoulders and thick, powerful arms.  
I laid the shirt across the chair.

I got down on my knees and pulled off his boots, not without some 
difficulty.  I pulled off his socks and stuffed them inside the boots, then 
set them under the chair.  I stayed on my knees and undid his belt, and then 
very slowly unbuttoned his jeans and pulled down the zipper.  He stepped out 
of his pants for me and I folded his jeans neatly and laid them on the chair 
as well.

I could tell there was already a bulge in his boxer shorts, and this pleased 
me for reasons I did not then understand.  I hooked my fingers in the 
waistband and slid them down, and as I did his cock popped out to greet me.  
I smiled in spite of myself but I did not meet his eyes.  After I laid his 
shorts across the chair I did look up at him, expectantly.

He walked past me and sat on the edge of the bed.

"Come here, boy.  Crawl to me."

I crawled across the hard floor and stopped a few feet from him.

"Closer," he commanded.

I crawled up until my chest was almost touching the bed.  I got up on my 
knees and looked at him.

"I want you to kiss my cock," he said.

I froze, staring down at his rigid member.  This was a line I was definitely 
not ready to cross.

Without warning, he slapped me hard across the face.  I cried out, and tried 
to shrink back.  He reached out and grabbed the back of my hair.

He bent down so that his face was only inches from mine and spoke in a very 
low voice - "if I have to tie you to this bed again, you are going to be 
very, very sorry."

I knew that he meant it.

He let go of my hair and sat back again.  I leaned down, very slowly, and 
gingerly pressed my lips against the tip.  He reacted visibly with a little 
twitch, a slight but noticeable growth spurt, and I was surprised to find 
that I was pleased by the reaction.

"Again," he said.

I kissed him again, lingering longer this time.

"Use your tongue," he whispered.

I ran my tongue from tip to base and back down again.  Now I could tell he 
was definitely getting bigger, and I began to warm to my task.  Soon he was 
fully erect, a good 8 inches or so.

"Now take me in your mouth," he ordered.

I bent down again and took the end of his member between my lips, and then 
eased my head down so I took about half of him inside my mouth.  It was as 
far as I could comfortably go down.

I pulled my head back up and then eased it down again.  I felt him rest his 
hand and on the back of my head, not violently but gently this time.  I 
continued my work, gradually increasing the speed with which I moved up and 
down on him.

Soon his head fell back and he started to moan.  Unable to take him all the 
way in my mouth, I worked the base of his cock with my hand.

"Yeeees, that's it," he said.  "Now, faster, that's it boy."

Now I was moving up and down on him very quickly, moaning a little myself.

He cried out and I could feel him shoot into my mouth.  He held my head down 
firmly so I had no chance to lift my head.

"Swallow it boy, swallow it all, that's right."

When I was sure he was spent, I lifted my head and looked at him again.  He 
was smiling now.

"I am proud of you, boy," he said.  "I know that wasn't easy for you.  Now 
I'm going to show you that I can reward good behavior too."

He stood up and told me to lie on the bed, on my back.  I lay down.  He 
walked to the foot of the bed and tied one foot, then the other to the bed 
posts so that my legs were spread wide apart.  He then tied my hands to the 
top posts so that I was spread-eagled and unable to move.

He went back to the cabinet and came out with something made of black cloth.

"I'm going to blind-fold you," he said.

He tied the blind-fold around my head and I could see nothing.  For a full 
minute or so he did and said nothing, just let me lie there, building the 
anticipation.  I suspect he was also admiring the view!

Then I felt him sit down on the bed beside me.  He reached down and gently 
moved his hands along the inside of my thighs, up to my stomach and along my 
chest.  He was careful not to touch my cock, not yet, but I could already 
feel myself getting hard in anticipation of what was coming.

Then I felt his mouth on my nipple - his lips and tongue were warm and wet 
and I could feel the bristle of his whiskers too.  As he did this his hand 
moved to my cock and his fingers caressed me up and down.

I had never had this sort of attention paid to my body before.  I had had 
lovers, more than a few sessions of clumsy groping in the backs of cars and 
in cramped dorm rooms, but this was different.  The pleasurable sensations, 
combined with the partial sensory depravation and the feeling of 
helplessness were combining to bring me to a state of euphoria unlike 
anything I'd ever known.  I forgot who I was, where I was, and the situation 
I was in and just gave in to the feeling.

I was barely conscious that I had started moaning, a low and throaty sound 
like a cat that was being stroked just the right way.  He kissed me down my 
chest and stomach and then I felt his mouth close on my cock.

By now I was beginning to squirm and wiggle with pleasure, and my moaning 
was getting higher in pitch and much louder.  He took me nice and slow, 
playing with me with his tongue and giving attention to every part of my 
cock and balls.  He knew his business, and it didn't take long before I 
approached the climax point.

He seemed to sense this and abruptly stopped, holding my cock firmly in his 
strong right hand.  My body was stiff with anticipation and I groaned in 
hunger.

"So boy, what do you think I should do?  I am thinking I should stop now to 
teach you a little something about self control."

"No please," I begged "Please donï¿½t stop!"

"Oh come now you little slut," he teased.  "You can beg better than that!"

"Please, please make me cum!" I said.

He stroked me once with his hand and I arched my back, but then he stopped 
again.

"Not good enough, boy," he said.  "I want you to beg loud enough that this 
whole house can hear what a nasty little slut you are.  Beg for it bitch!"

"PLEASE MAKE ME CUM! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!" I shouted.

"Alright boy.  Now, fuck my hand.  Fuck it like you mean it!"

I thrust my hips with abandon as he maintained his firm grip on my firm 
member.  Release came almost immediately and I cried out as I felt the warm 
gooey liquid shoot onto my stomach and chest.

He released me and took off my blindfold, then untied me.

"Well," he said, "I think it's time we got cleaned up.  Let's hit the 
shower."

We showered together, of course.  He ordered me to wash him with my hands, 
which I did, very thoroughly, and then he did the same to me.  While he was 
washing my back he slipped a soapy finger into my ass again, this time 
slipping it all the way in, pulling it out, and sliding it in several more 
times.

I could tell I was being prepared for something, and I appreciated the fact 
that he was bringing me along slowly.  He was demanding, but kind at the 
same time.

After we had dried each other off he told me it was time for dinner.  I 
would of course, remain naked as we ate with the rest of the men, and I 
would eat from a bowl on the floor, and would not be allowed to use my 
hands.

As we went downstairs there was already a good crowd chowing down, some at a 
large oval table and some bent over bowls on the floor.  I noticed Reggie 
was there and already hunched over his bowl.  His ass, like mine, bore 
streaks of bright red.

My master filled a bowl for me and set it down not far from Reggie's.  As I 
knelt down and crawled up next to him, he looked up and over at me, the 
juice from his roast beef dripping down his cheeks.  He broke into a smile 
and then started laughing.  I couldn't help but laugh too.  It was amazing 
to realize how far we'd come in just a few hours.

I suddenly realized how hungry I was.  I bent down and started taking 
mouthfuls of food.  It took some getting used to, but soon I was getting 
full mouthfuls each time I bent down.

I glanced over my shoulder and realized my master was looking at me, and 
smiling.  He was whispering to the hunter who had captured my friend Reg.  I 
didn't know what they were saying, but I could tell they were cooking up 
something.

And something told me I'd be getting to know Reggie a lot better before the 
night was over.

After dinner Reggie's "owner" took him out of the dining room and then 
returned shortly and exchanged a few quiet words with my mine.  By the way, 
I don't think I mentioned any names in Part 1, but Reggie's Master was named 
Evan and mine was called Robert.  Soon the two of them rose and headed 
towards the stairway, motioning for me to follow.

We headed up the stairs and proceeded to a room I hadn't been in before, one 
I assumed that Evan and Reggie were using.  This room looked much like ours, 
but there was a large black suitcase on the bed.  It was open and I could 
see it was filled with various pieces of high tech electronic equipment.  
The two men looked into the suitcase and continued speaking as I stood 
unobtrusively a few paces away.

Master Robert motioned for me to come closer.  He told me to face Master 
Evan.

Master Evan pulled a small black rectangular device with two dull metal 
prongs jutting out of one side from the suitcase.  He attached this device 
to the inside of the collar I was wearing so that the metal prongs were 
touching the skin on my neck.

He then handed another black rectangular device, one about the size of a 
pack of cigarettes, to Master Robert.

"This device is going to help us with a little behavior modification 
experiment," Master Robert explained.  "The device on your neck is designed 
to deliver a rather uncomfortable electric shock to the wearer when he does 
something he isn't supposed to, or doesn't do something he is supposed to.  
Allow me to demonstrate."

He touched a button on the device in his hand and immediately I felt a 
mildly painful jolt at my neck.  It was more uncomfortable than painful, but 
I jumped anyway more from surprise.  The two men laughed.

"Now that was the lowest setting," Master Evan offered.  "There are five 
settings of increasing intensity.  Care to sample the other settings now, 
boy?"

"No sir!" I said.

The two men laughed again.

"You see," said Master Evan, "the boy is learning already!"

Master Evan reached into the suitcase again and pulled out a very small 
object that looked like a hearing aid.

"Put this in your right ear," he said.

I did so.  He then pulled another object from the case.  This one resembled 
a walkie-talkie.

The two men walked out of the room and closed the door.  Suddenly I heard 
Master Evan's voice in my ear.

"Testing, testing - 1, 2, 3," the voice said.

They walked back into the room.

"Did you hear that, boy?" Master Evan asked.

"Loud and clear, Sir," I answered.

"Good," he said.  "Well, you're all set.  I'm going to leave you two alone 
for a minute while I attend to some other matters."

He snapped the suitcase shut and left the room.  Master Robert looked me in 
the eyes.

"Here's how this works, boy," he began.  "I'm going to take you to a room, a 
special room, and leave you there.  I won't be in the room, but Master Evan 
and I will be monitoring your actions remotely as it's wired for video and 
sound."

"I'll be giving you commands through the earpiece.  You will obey them, 
instantly, or you will be punished.  You will not be alone in the room, and 
you are not to let on to anyone else who might be in the room with you that 
you are receiving instructions from me, or that you are subject to 
punishment for disobeying my commands."

"It's really pretty simple.  Do you understand?"

"Yes sir, I think so," I answered.

"Excellent.  Let's go then."

We proceeded back down the stairs and Master Robert led me past the dining 
room and down a hallway that ran towards the front of the house.  At the end 
of the hallway there was a black door.  He told me to go through the door 
and close it behind me.

As I entered the room I noticed that it was brightly lit and that there were 
mirrors along all the walls.  In the center of the room a man, naked except 
for the collar around his neck, was bound hand and foot in a standing 
position.  The ropes around his wrists were tied to hooks in the ceiling and 
the ropes around his ankles were tied to hooks in the floor.  His arms and 
legs were spread wide apart, as if he were frozen in the middle of a jumping 
jack.

He was facing away from me but I could see his face reflected in the 
mirrored wall in from of him.  It was my roommate, Reggie.

"Well, here's another fine mess you've gotten me into," he said.

"Me?  This was all your idea pal!" I shot back.

"Yeah, I guess it was," he said, and tried to laugh.  I could tell he was 
very nervous about what might be about to happen to him.

A voice in my ear said "walk up to your friend, boy."  It was Master Robert.

I moved closer to Reggie.

"Look at closely at the marks on his body," Master Robert said.

I let my eyes move slowly up and down his body, studying the red streaks and 
splotches that marked the spot where whips and paddles had obviously made 
their mark on him.  Reggie noticed that I was looking him over but didn't 
comment.

"Say something about the whip marks.  Tell him it looks like he got worked 
over pretty good."

I did so.  Reggie said, "Yeah, I got my ass whipped.  What about it?  I'm 
sure you got the same, or worse."

I looked at his face in the mirror.  Was he starting to blush?  I thought he 
might have been.

"Reach out and lightly touch his ass," said Master Robert.

I hesitated.  This was a guy that I lived with, one that I had never had any 
sort of sexual experience with, and I had the usual guy insecurities about 
my sexuality.  There could be repercussions down the road if I crossed this 
line.

As these thoughts ran through my head I felt a stinging sensation at my 
neck.  I had forgotten about the collar!  The pain lasted longer than the 
"warning shot" I had received earlier, maybe a good 5 seconds.

Again the inevitability of the situation took hold of me.  This was 
something I was going to have to do; it was just a question of how much pain 
I was going to have to endure in the process.

I reached out and rested my hand on his right cheek.  Startled, Reggie tried 
to jerk himself away but his ropes kept him from going far.

"What are you doing?" he asked angrily.

(From here everything I said was what the voice in my ear prompted me to 
say.)

"Just wanted to see if that ass was still warm," I said, keeping my hand 
where it was.

"Now start rubbing lightly," Master Robert commanded.

I ran my hand down to his thigh, and back up again.  I reached out with my 
other hand and cupped both of his cheeks.

"Stop that!" Reggie said aggressively.  "Are you some kind of fag?"

This startled me, and I instinctively drew back my hands and opened my mouth 
to defend myself.  But before any words came out, I received another jolt at 
the neck, more intense this time, which lasted for another 5 seconds.

Reggie must have noticed that I flinched.

"What's wrong with you?" he asked me.

"N-nothing," I said unconvincingly.

"You are trying my patience, boy," the voice in my ear growled.  "Drop to 
your knees.  Now!"

I got down on my knees.  Reg's ass was right in my face.

"Kiss his bruises.  All of them.  Slowly." said Master Robert.

Somehow my brain had stopped processing thought, and I stayed there 
motionless for a few seconds.  It was a few seconds too long.

This time the shock was significantly more intense, significantly more 
painful, and didn't recede for 10 seconds.

My resistance broken, I leaned forward and placed a kiss on a long red mark 
on the back of Reggie's thigh.

He jerked his body again.  "Man, have you lost your freakin' mind?  Stop it! 
  Damn it!"

"I just want to make your hurt go away," I said.

He continued to twitch uselessly as I kissed each of his marks.  I kissed 
him all over from his thighs to his butt to his lower back.

"That's better," said Master Robert.  "Now, use your tongue."

I swallowed hard but dared not hesitate.  I stuck out my tongue and started 
licking him, first on one cheek, then the other.  I felt Reg tense up his 
body, but he didn't say anything.

"Now move in towards the crack, that's the sensitive part," said Master 
Robert.

I started flicked my tongue in and out of his crack, starting at the top and 
working my way down.  Now Reggie stopped resisting, and started to moan 
quietly.  I noticed he moved his legs apart a little wider and he arched his 
back.

"Stick your tongue into his asshole, boy.  Drive it in deep."

I probed his tight hole with my tongue, going in nice and deep and then 
pulling it back out, then going in deep again.  By now Reggie was getting 
very turned on, and had started speaking quietly, but not discouragingly 
this time.

"Yeah.  Right there.  Ooooh," he said in a near whisper.

"Alright, slut," said Master Robert, "crawl between his legs and face him."

I withdrew my tongue and slithered between his open legs, raising back on my 
knees and facing him.  Unsurprisingly, his cock was standing straight at 
attention.  I looked him in the eyes and he seemed to be almost in a trance.

"Take his cock in your hand, and stroke it," said my Master.

I reached out and caressed his stiff member.  Reggie groaned much louder and 
thrust his hips at me.

"Ask him what he wants you to do," said Master.

"What do you want, Reg?" I asked him.

"Suck it," he said evenly.

"You sure?" I asked.

"Yes!" he said with a great deal of frustration.  "Take me in your mouth!"

"Make him beg," the voice in my ear said.

"Say please," I teased.

"Please!  Please suck my cock!  Dammit!"

"Mmmm.  Are you sure you won't be mad later?" I asked.

"No goddammit!  Suck my cock damn you!  Now!"

I waited for the go-ahead.

"Take him, all at once.  Swallow him whole," said my puppeteer, coolly.

I opened my mouth wide and went down on him, suddenly and without warning, 
and started sucking like my life depended on it.  He threw back his head and 
start moaning and mumbling profanities, and I felt him grow even larger in 
my mouth.

Soon he was thrusting his hips, fucking my face, and I could tell it 
wouldn't belong until he would explode in my mouth.  But then suddenly, the 
door to the room flew open.

Master Evan came in first, followed by Master Robert.  They both scowled at 
us.

"Well Robert," said Master Evan, "it looks like these sluts have learned 
nothing about discipline, going at it like dogs in heat the minute our backs 
are turned.

Master Robert walked up to me and slapped me hard across the face.  I lost 
my balance and fell backward, more from surprise than from the force of the 
blow.

"I'll take this one back to my room and deal with him," Master Robert said.  
"I expect you need some time alone with your boy as well."

Master Evan had walked to the cabinet sitting against one wall of the room, 
and was opening it up.  Inside there was a selection of whips, paddles, 
clamps, and other instruments of "attitude correction" that I couldn't even 
identify.

"Yes indeed," Master Evan said.  "It's going to be a very long night."

I looked up at Reg.  His eyes were wide and his mouth hung open.  His cock 
was already beginning to droop as lust was draining out of his body to be 
replaced by well-grounded fear of what was coming next.

Master Robert grabbed my by the hair and lifted me to my feet.

"Move bitch!" he said, and kicked me in the ass to get me moving.  As I 
hustled out of the room I glanced back at the scene I was leaving behind.  
Master Evan was placing a black hood over Reggie's head, but just as it was 
being pulled down I caught his eye.  It's hard to explain his expression, 
but it something of a cross between abject terror and aching desire.  I can 
still picture it.

Once we'd moved a safe distance from the door, Master Robert let out a 
satisfied chuckle.

"Now that was fun!" he said.  "Did you see the look on that boys face?  
Priceless!"

I smiled a painful little smile.  I was feeling more than a little guilty 
about putting my friend in such a spot, even though I really had no choice 
in the matter.

"Master," I said hesitantly, "is he really going to hurt Reggie?"

Master Robert laughed again.

"He's mostly going to scare him.  It's the fear of punishment more than 
anything that keeps a submissive in line.  Plus there is a very fine line 
between fear and sexual excitement.  My guess is those two are going to have 
a very memorable night."

By this time we had made it back to our room.  Master Robert went to the bed 
and stacked the two pillows in the center.

"Get on the bed and lie on your stomach, with your cock on the pillows and 
your ass in the air," he said matter-of-factly.

I quickly complied.  Soon he had tied my wrists and ankles to the bedposts 
so that I was bound spread-eagled and helpless once again.

When he spoke again, his tone was grave.

"I was very disappointed in the number of times I was forced to discipline 
you in that room, boy.  You embarrassed me in front of another Top.  For 
that there must be consequences."

I heard him moving around the room but I couldn't see what he was doing.  I 
began to grow anxious but decided not to speak.

I felt the bed move at the foot.  I guessed (correctly) that he was climbing 
onto the bed so that he could sit between my outstretched legs.

Then I felt something hard and cold rest on my right ass cheek.

"Do you have anything to say to me, boy?" he asked.

"Yes.  Yes Master!  I'm sorry," I replied.

"Not sorry enough!" he said.

WHAP!  He raised the instrument (which I took to be a small paddle of some 
sort) and brought down hard on my ass.  I twitched and let out a yelp.

Immediately he brought the cruel thing down on me again, and again, and 
again.  There was nothing to do but lie there and take it.  Once again I 
felt helpless and controlled.  And once again it was turning me on.

He moved the paddle from one cheek to the other and covered my ass with 
painful swats.  There must have been at least 25 or 30 stinging blows before 
he paused again.  My ass was really getting sore and I hoped he was 
finished.

"Do you think you've learned your lesson, boy?"

WHAP!  Another blow was delivered for emphasis.

"Yes Sir!" I said immediately.

WHAP!  "I think maybe you've had enough for now."

I felt his hands touch my ass then, rubbing and kneading them.  This hurt as 
well, but I bit my lip to keep from protesting.

"Nothing prettier than a cherry red ass," he said.  "And I think it's about 
time this cherry got popped."

I felt him move off of the bed and heard the rustle of his clothes as they 
hit the floor.  The cabinet opened and closed and I could tell he had 
removed several items.  The box springs creaked as he climbed back up on the 
bed, between my outstretched legs.

"Do you know what's going to happen now, boy?" has asked.

"Yes Sir," I answered.

"What?"

"You're going to fuck me," I said.

"Damn right I am," he said.

Then I felt a cool, slippery finger slide into my asshole.  My whole body 
tensed up.

"Because I'm such a nice Master," he said, "I'm going to lube you up before 
I start."

"Now I want you to listen to me, boy" he went on, "this is going to hurt 
some.  First time always does.  But the key is you have to relax.  Give in, 
don't fight it.  The more you tense up, the more it will hurt."

As he said this he was sliding a slippery finger in and out of my asshole.  
I was still very tense and the feeling was quite uncomfortable.

"Now you need to practice," he said, "try and relax.  Relax."

I did my best to follow his advice, but it was difficult.  A few seconds 
later, he stuck a second finger into my ass and I tensed up again.  This 
time I also let out a little groan.  He chuckled.

"Like I said, boy, it's going to hurt a little this time.  Just try to 
remember to relax your body.  This is going to happen and it will be more 
pleasant if you give in to it."

He pulled his fingers out of my ass.  I heard a tearing sound behind me.  
Must be a condom, I thought.  Good, there's one less thing to worry about.

I felt his legs brush against mine as he eased himself up behind me.

"Now," he said, "ask me for it."

SLAP!  He swatted my already sore ass.

"Ow!" I said spontaneously.  "Fuck me Master!  Fuck me!"

SLAP! "Beg for it, boy!"

"Please Master!  Fuck me!  Fuck my ass now!"

"You bet I'm going to fuck that ass."

I felt the head of his cock brush against the crack of my ass.  Again I 
tensed up, noticed this, and tried very hard to go limp and relax my body.

He eased the head of his cock into the opening of my ass.  This doesn't feel 
too bad, I thought.  But he soon pressed his hips into me and slid deeper 
inside, and the pressure felt strange, wrong somehow.  Like something 
foreign invading my body.  My body tried to fight it.

He stopped moving and said softly into my ear "relax boy, relax."

He pushed inside of me slowly.  I held my breath.

"Aahhhh," he said.  "You are so tight.  So fucking tight."

He wasn't moving, but I could feel his cock growing bigger inside me.  He 
was excited by the feel of me.  Uncomfortable as I was, this pleased me.

"Take me," I said.  I surprised myself - where had that come from?

He responded immediately.  He put his hands down on the bed for traction, 
pulled out of me and immediately eased back in.

He moaned with pleasure and I groaned from my discomfort.  It was difficult 
to distinguish between the two sounds.

Unable to restrain himself further, he started thrusting against me with 
increasing urgency.  My body seemed to give in a little to the new 
sensation, and I hung somewhere between pleasure and alarm.

His thrusting reached a fever pitch.  His hips made a slapping noise each 
time they met my ass.  He was now moaning loudly, mouthing random 
profanities in his ecstasy.

It didn't take long before he stiffened up and gave me a few final, emphatic 
thrusts as he came.  Spent, he slumped forward and lay on my back.  I found 
the feel of his weight against me pleasant and reassuring.

After a time I felt him begin to shrink inside me, but I was still surprised 
and left feeling a little disappointed when he pulled out.  He untied me and 
pushed the pillows to the top of the bed.  We lay next to each other on our 
sides with him pressed up against my back.

It suddenly occurred to me that I hadn't come.  In fact the shock of the 
experience hadn't allowed me sufficient space to become aroused.  I wondered 
if this would change as I became more accustomed to the sensation.  For some 
reason I felt sure I would find out, probably soon.

"Now you know what it means to be fucked," said Master Robert. "Next time 
you climb on top of a woman you'll understand a little better how she 
feels."

I saw his point.

I felt myself growing sleepy.  It had been a long, eventful day.  As my 
consciousness ebbed, the last thought that occurred to me was that it was 
only Friday, and I still had another whole day to revel in my introduction 
to submission.  What would tomorrow bring?

I tugged at the collar around my neck to make myself a little more 
comfortable and drifted off to sleep.

When I awoke the next morning it took some time for the reality of my 
situation to sink in.  It was now Saturday, and for the length of this day I 
would complete my weekend of service to the large, commanding man sleeping 
next to me.

Any reservations I may have initially had about the situation had melted 
away.  I had the feeling that I was where I was meant to be, and it may have 
been the first time in my life I had felt that way.

The man sleeping next to me stirred, and I felt his hands reach for me.  He 
touched me everywhere, fingers exploring my ass, rough hands stroking my 
cock and squeezing my balls.  Soon I was fully erect and fully awake.  Then 
he stopped and rolled out of bed.

"Time for a shower," he said.

Once again I washed him as he had taught me to do, getting on my knees to 
wash his feet and gradually working my way up.  When I had cleaned every 
crevice he did the same to me, only much less gently.  My earlier erection 
soon made another appearance.

But satisfaction for me was to be delayed.  After we were both squeaky 
clean, my Master informed me that he had some business to attend to in town, 
away from the mansion we were guests at for the weekend.

"I hope to be back early in the afternoon.  Be a good boy while I'm gone and 
keep your hands off of yourself and off of everyone else,ï¿½ he said to me.

To preserve my modesty, and perhaps to help me keep myself from mischief, he 
gave me pair of low rise, black briefs to wear.  It was the first shred of 
clothing I'd had on since he had ripped my clothes off in the woods the 
previous day.

Then he was gone, and I had nothing to do for a while but to explore the 
huge mansion that was my temporary home.  After lapping up my breakfast from 
my bowl on the floor in the kitchen, I began to look around the house.  
There seemed to be a constant flood of people coming and going.  But up 
until now, they had all been male.

Then I saw her.  She was sitting on a couch in one of the many sitting rooms 
scattered around the mansion.  A young woman, who looked like she could be a 
co-ed I'd meet on campus, was sitting with a group of four men, obviously 
the center or attention and enjoying it.

I guessed she was around 5'6", light brown hair flowing past her shoulders, 
dark brown eyes, and petite but still with enough curves to make any man 
look twice.  She was wearing a very short denim miniskirt and a low-cut red 
halter top, and no shoes.  She spoke in short, excited bursts, laughing 
easily but genuinely.

I was transfixed.  I stood for a while just staring at her.  After a few 
minutes she noticed me, and met my eyes.  She held them for a moment and 
then slowly looked me up and down.  Suddenly conscious of my near-nakedness, 
I am sure I blushed.  (Everyone else in the room was more conservatively 
attired.)  She smiled at me and wiggled her finger in a "come here" motion.  
I did so.

She made room for me on the sofa and told me to sit down.  She leaned over 
and started speaking to me in soft, sweet tones.  She asked me my name, what 
school I went to, normal things any stranger might ask another.  But I was 
enthralled.  It was sweet music to me.

In fact, all my senses were being overloaded with pleasure.  She was lovely 
look at, smelled sweetly of strawberries, spoke like an angel, and soon I 
felt the caress of her hand on my thigh.   I expect she could have asked for 
anything at that moment and I'd have given it to her if I could have.

She asked if we could go somewhere and be alone.  I didn't hesitate to show 
her back to my room.

It wasn't until we were making our way there, hand-in-hand, that my Master's 
words came back to me.  I felt a shiver of fear run through me at the 
thought of him discovering me in our room with this girl, but he had not 
been gone long and I felt sure there was time.  Really, at that point, I 
didn't really feel like I had a choice in the matter.  Some things can't be 
denied.

We soon reached our room and I locked the door behind us.  She went to the 
bed and sat down.  Without a word I walked over to her and leaned down and 
kissed her on the lips.  She was soft, and warm, and hungry.  Her arms, and 
then her legs wrapped around me and pulled me to her like a serpent 
tightening on its prey.

Suddenly my hunger consumed me and I pushed her back on the bed.  I pulled 
off her halter and then unzipped her skirt and pulled it off as well.  She 
was wearing a white lacy bra and g-string.  I looked at her for a minute; 
she smiled at me and waited patiently.

Then my mouth and hands were all over her, kissing, squeezing, nibbling.  
She squealed and squirmed and giggled and it made me more ravenous.  
Clumsily I unhooked her bra and tossed it aside.  She had smallish, perky 
breasts and her nipples were very firm already.  I attacked them with my 
lips and teeth and tongue.  Her giggles turned to soft moans.

I started kissing my way down her stomach, intending to work my way down to 
her panties to tease her with my tongue before finishing her undressing, 
when I heard a terrible sound.  A key turned in the door.  Someone was 
coming in.

"What the FUCK?" said a familiar voice.  I stood up but was too frightened 
to turn around.  To my shock, the girl looked at my Master...and smiled.  
Then she started laughing.

"Uh-oh," she said in a playful tone, "someone is in trouble."

Then I felt a strong hand grab the back of my neck, pull me slightly to the 
side so I was no longer facing the girl, and push me down so I was leaning 
on the bed.  With his other hand he yanked down my briefs and started 
spanking me very hard.

I was mortified to have this done to me in front of the girl.  It was very 
different than being disciplined in a more private setting.  It offended my 
masculinity somehow, to have my subservience to another man forcibly 
demonstrated to a woman who only moments before I was about to make love to.

Still the spanking went on.  My ass was stinging and the hand stayed on my 
neck to keep me bent over.  I heard the girl say "ouch" several times, and 
then more giggling.

Finally he finished my punishment with one last hard slap and took his hand 
off my neck.

"Pull up your fucking panties and get down on your knees over there in the 
corner, bitch," he ordered.  I did so.  The wood floor was hard on my knees 
and my cock strained at my briefs in vain anticipation for the pleasure it 
had been denied.

"So, um, are you gonna spank me too...Master?" the girl said teasingly.

He turned his back to me, and looked at her appraisingly.

"It'd probably do you some good, you little slut."

She smiled at this, and then said, "Yes I do need to be punished, this was 
all my fault!"

With that she rolled over and I got my first look at her lovely, round 
little ass framed delicately in the lacy g-string.  I felt like crying but I 
stayed rigid and silent.

My Master reached out and stroked her ass and thighs.  She moaned and 
squirmed and said "punish me."

Suddenly he slapped her ass, not very hard, not nearly as hard as he would 
have slapped mine.  She squealed and twitched.  He slapped her again, and 
again, not very hard.  It seemed to me a lot more like foreplay than 
discipline.  Turned out I was right.

After a few minutes of this play-spanking he said, "What you need, young 
lady, is a real man".

She rolled over and looked at him.

"Do you know one?" she teased.

"See for yourself," he answered.

She grinned evilly and crawled toward him, eagerly undoing his belt and 
opening his jeans.  She wrenched his pants and underwear down and regarded 
his manhood for a moment.

"Mmm," she said, reaching out for him, "this has possibilities."

She stroked him with both hands and almost immediately his substantial cock 
sprang to life and started growing.  Within seconds, she attacked him with 
her tongue, and soon was taking nearly his entire length into her hungry 
mouth.

My knees were aching and I groaned inwardly to see this delightful creature 
forget about me so quickly and turn her interest to another man, but I knew 
I was being taught a lesson and it was already sinking in.

Soon he pushed her back roughly on the bed.

"Take off those panties, bitch.  And get on all fours, facing the end of the 
bed."

She yanked off her panties and tossed them in my direction.  They hit me in 
the chest and fell to the floor.  I fought against my instincts and did not 
reach to catch them.  She caught my eye and gave me a devilish wink.  I felt 
like crying.

As she got up on her hands and knees I realized I would have a perfect view 
of her face as she got fucked from behind by Master.  Meanwhile, he had 
walked past me to the foot of the bed, where he quickly disrobed.  He then 
went to the cabinet on the far wall and opened a drawer to pull out a 
condom.  He ripped it open and unrolled it onto his massive erection as he 
walked back to the bed.

It occurred to me then to wonder about Master's sexual orientation.  I had 
assumed he was gay, but he seemed to have no hesitation about having this 
pretty girl.  I knew this didn't necessarily mean he wasn't gay; it could 
all be to teach me a lesson.  In any case, it appeared he was up to the task 
at hand.

He crawled on the bed and positioned himself behind her, and by now the girl 
was literally quivering with anticipation.  He slapped her on the ass, again 
not nearly as hard as when he spanked me.

"Spread those legs wider, head down, ass up.  And arch that back."

She complied immediately.  He stuck a finger deep into her pussy and she 
tensed up and let out a yelp of startled pleasure.

"Mmmmm, nice and wet already, I see," he said.  "Good.  Now let me hear you 
beg for it."

He slapped her ass again with his free hand and inserted another finger into 
her pussy.

She squealed and then said, "Ooohh fuck me with that big cock of yours.  
Fuck me please!"

He withdrew his fingers and immediately slid into her with the full length 
of his cock.  Her head came up and I saw her expression.  It was sheer 
animal pleasure.  I could tell she didn't know, or care, who she was or 
where she was at that point.  She knew only pleasure.  And I was learning 
the meaning of agony.

He started pumping her slowly.  She giggled and moaned and cursed softly.  
He started slow and punctuated his thrusting with an occasional ass-slap.  
Each time he did she would yelp and beg for another.

Soon he grabbed her hips and started thrusting harder.  She responded by 
bucking back up against him to increase the violence and penetration of each 
thrust.  They were like wild animals now, totally lost in their physical 
sensations.  I felt like a starving man watching a feast I couldn't join, 
and actually had to suppress a strong urge to cry.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, and after the girl seemed to 
climax three separate times, he spent himself and came with a satisfied 
grunt.

Not surprisingly, there was no post-coital cuddling or conversation.  He 
slid off the bed and got dressed again while the girl laid there, collapsed 
on her stomach, panting and sweating.

"I don't mean to be rude sweetheart," he said to the girl, "but I need to 
deal with this boy and I need some privacy.  So if you don't mind..."

The girl hurriedly got dressed and left the room, giving me a playful wink 
as she walked out the door.  My Master closed it behind her.  He looked at 
me for a time without speaking, and my anxiety grew in the silence.

Finally, he said "I'm afraid that I am just too soft-hearted to deal with 
you boy, and I'm going to have to call in some help."

With that, he left the room.  Not knowing what else to do, I thought it best 
to remain there on my now very sore knees, nearly-naked and trembling.  
After what seemed like a very long time, he returned.  And he was not alone.

He walked back in with Master Evan and my roommate Reggie in tow.  The 
latter who was wearing a very big smirk on his face.

My Master spoke to Master Evan without looking at me.

"Evan, I'd like you to take this boy and do as you wish with him.  Teach him 
some respect in any way that seems appropriate to you."

My heart skipped a beat.  I had a certain amount of fear for the man that 
had captured me on the hunting grounds yesterday, but it was nothing 
compared to what I felt for Master Evan.  He had an air about him of being a 
very firm disciplinarian who would do whatever was necessary to enforce his 
will.  And I was about to be turned over to him with a black mark by my 
name.

Briefly I considered protesting, begging for mercy.  But I knew 
instinctively that there was no getting out of this situation.  I had erred 
too grievously and things had been set into motion I could not undo.  And 
somewhere deep-down, I was excited at the prospect of being at the mercy of 
an even more severe Master.  Frightened, but excited.

"I will deal with him, Robert, you can be sure.  When I am done with him he 
will not even think about disobeying you for a very long time.  Meanwhile, 
why don't you take my boy for company?  He's a nice piece of ass and already 
fairly well broken in."

With that he shoved Reggie towards the bed and he flopped down face first, 
then rolled over and sat up, barely suppressing a grin.

"Now boy," Master Evan said, looking at me darkly, "you will follow me.  And 
until I tell you different, you will crawl like the dog you are."

He turned and walked through the door and I crawled after him.  Once I was 
out the door I heard it shut behind me.  It was difficult to keep up because 
he was walking at a steady pace.  It was especially trying as I went down 
the stairs, nearly losing my balance and falling once.  As we went through a 
large common area, people were milling about and many pointed and giggled at 
the sight of me crawling after the wiry, bald man like a faithful hound.  I 
was already feeling myself fall into a whole new level of submissiveness.

He led me back to the room I had been in once before, the room where I had 
left my friend Reggie tied up and helpless to this man's will.  Now it was 
going to be my turn.  I crawled to the center of the room, to where the 
ropes were hanging from the ceiling.  I knew that was where he'd want me.

"Stand up," he commanded.

I did so.  He then ordered me to raise my hands above my head.  He tied my 
wrists so that both arms were extended above my head.  Then he yanked off 
the black briefs so that I was naked once again.

"Spread those legs," he said.

As I did he tied my ankles to ropes that were looped around iron rings 
fastened to the floor.  I was now spread-eagled and completely immobilized.

Master Evan wasted no time (he never wasted time, I learned) but went right 
to his cabinet of "toys" and opened it up.  He withdrew a thin, flexible 
object that looked to be about 2 feet long.  He snapped his wrist a few 
times to warm himself up and then walked behind me.  My body tensed up in 
anticipation.

"This is going to hurt, a lot, and it's going to last a while.  You know 
very well that you have this coming after what you did, so keep your big 
mouth shut and take what I give you.  Now stick that pretty little ass out 
for me."

Terrified, I did as he said, as best as I could given my lack of mobility.  
THWACK!  Something small and quick and evil cut into my right ass cheek.  I 
whimpered miserably.  THWACK!  THWACK!  THWACK!  Blows landed on both sides 
of my ass, then on my thighs and lower back.  They kept coming in rapid 
succession and each blow was exquisitely painful.

After dozens of blows (that seemed at the time like hundreds) he suddenly 
stopped and walked slowly back to the cabinet.  As he laid down the whipping 
instrument, I hopped that my punishment was coming to an end.  Not by a long 
shot.

He pulled out two small silver metal clamps.

"Have you ever had your nipples clamped, boy?" he asked me.

"No Sir," I said truthfully.

"Ah, wonderful.  You are in for a real treat," he said with a chuckle.  "Now 
stick those tits out for me."

I leaned forward as bet I could, and he reached out and pinched my right 
nipple.  I fought off the impulse to draw back with great effort.  Holding 
my nipple out between his thumb and index finger, he placed the clamp on me 
and it pinched shut.  It was very painful, and I had a strong impulse to 
reach down and pull the accursed thing away.  I felt my arm jerk helplessly, 
but of course it went nowhere.

When he reached out for my other nipple, I did draw back reflexively.  He 
slapped me hard across the face.

"You do NOT want to test ME, boy.  Now stick out that chest!" he said.

I did so and he placed the other clamp on my left nipple.  I could think 
about nothing at that moment but the pinching agony in my chest and how I 
could make it stop.  Master Evan went back to his cabinet.

Gazing inside, he asked me "how many times have you been fucked in the ass, 
boy?"

"Just once, Sir," I said miserably.

"Mmmm," he said, stroking his chin.

He reached into the cabinet and pulled out a good-sized, flesh-colored 
dildo.  He walked behind me again.

"I want you to spread those legs as wide as you can and stick that butt out 
again," he said.

I strained to widen my stance and succeeded a little, then leaned forward.  
I felt him place the dildo at the entrance to my ass.  He left it there for 
a moment, teasing me.

Then without warning he pushed it in, rather quickly, until it was 
completely inside of me.  The sudden intrusion was very uncomfortable and 
momentarily I forgot about the pain in my nipples.  He left it inside me 
then walked around me to take a good look.  He seemed to like what he saw.

"Now," he said, "we can start to have some real fun."

He walked back to the cabinet and picked up the slender whipping stick 
again.  He walked behind me and I felt blow after blow land on the back of 
my body, from my shoulder blades all the way down to the backs of my feet.  
Then he began to circle me slowly and whip me on the sides of my legs, my 
arms and armpits, my stomach and my chest.  Soon most of my body was 
stinging and aching and I began to sob like a child.

Then he stopped suddenly, and stood facing me.  He lowered the whipping 
stick and touched my cock.  He lifted it with the stick and let it fall 
again.  He tapped my balls very lightly.  I could tell he was warming up to 
giving my genital area a good beating.

At this point I should interject some information about myself.  Most men 
are protective of the genital region, for obvious reasons, but for me this 
has always been especially true.  I am extremely protective of my balls 
especially, and despite the taste for S&M that I have discovered over the 
years I have never been an enthusiast for what is called CBT.  This 
information will help explain what happened next.

When his whipping stick touched my balls, I completely broke down.  By that 
time I was crying uncontrollably, and I began begging and pleading in a most 
pitiful and hopeless manner for mercy.  I don't recall at this point what 
exactly I said because I was frightened and anxious to an extreme degree at 
the time.  But I was begging with all my might that he not beat my 
testicles, and swearing that I would do anything, absolutely anything, if he 
would spare me that fate.

As it turns out, this was exactly what he was waiting for - my unconditional 
surrender.

After listening to my pleas for some time (with barely concealed amusement) 
Master Evan spoke in a hushed voice.

"Alright boy, I'm feeling especially generous today, so I'll tell you what 
I'm going to do.  I'll spare you the bruising I was planning for your balls, 
for now.  And I'll give you a chance to prove to me that you've learned your 
lesson."

"This will be a one shot chance," he went on.  "I am going to give you a 
task, and you will do exactly as I say from start to finish, or..." he 
paused briefly for effect, "...or I'm going to tie you up again, upside down 
this time, and work over those balls so badly that you won't want to put on 
your pants for a week.  Do we have a deal?"

I quickly agreed and thanked him profusely, assuring him that I would do 
anything he asked without question or hesitation.  And I assure you, I meant 
it.

He put away the stick and then took off the nipple clamps.  Surprisingly, my 
nipples hurt more when he took them off than they had going on, but this 
soon passed.  Then he untied my wrists, and my ankles, but did not remove 
the dildo from my ass right away.  He told me to drop to my knees and listen 
closely.

He explained to me that the owner of the estate we were staying at was 
entertaining an important client that evening, and that it was critically 
important that said client have a good time.  A very good time.  And it was 
my job to ensure that he did.

"You're young, and cute," he said "so you're already off to a good start.  A 
little enthusiasm on your part should be all you need."

He went on to describe the man to me and told me he would be in the pool 
area, drinking and socializing with other guests.  I was to get his 
attention, introduce myself, come on to him as much as necessary, and 
convince him to come to Master Evan's sleeping quarters, where I was to 
offer myself for his pleasure.

"Of course I have the room set up so that I can monitor it," he said "so 
I'll know whether or not you get the job done.  It's not a difficult task, 
really.  Any questions, boy?"

"Well, Sir," I said, "what if...he doesn't like me?"

He smiled then walked behind me.  I felt the dildo slide halfway out, and 
then suddenly slide back in all the way.  I twitched and cried out in 
surprise.

"Don't worry," he said as he pulled it completely out, "he's gonna like you 
just fine.  Now put those briefs back on and follow me.  You can walk this 
time."

I put on the black briefs I had been wearing earlier and followed him out of 
the house and into the pool area out back.  It was getting dark now, and 
there were about a dozen men, mostly middle aged and older and dressed 
rich-guy casual, milling around the pool with drinks in their hands.

"Okay, there he is," said Master Evan, nodding at the hefty, older man he 
had described to me earlier.  "Go get him."

I walked around the pool, negotiating my way through the crowds.  The sight 
of a young, in-shape, nearly naked man turned quite a few heads, and I found 
myself enjoying the attention.  I tried to concentrate on the task at hand.

It didn't take long before I spotted the man I was supposed to seduce.  He 
was an older guy, clean-shaven with thinning white hair, a big belly, and 
bright green eyes.  He was sitting at a table with three other men, drinking 
and smoking cigars.

I walked up to the outdoor bar which had been set up for the occasion and 
ordered a drink.  A strong one.  I was going to need my courage.

I took the drink (a Long Island Iced Tea, if memory serves) and stood with 
my back to the bar, surveying the scene.  Luckily, the table where my target 
was sitting was near the bar and his chair was facing me.  It didn't take 
long before I noticed him staring in my direction.

I met his gaze and gave him a little smile.  He smiled back and gave me a 
wink.  I took a long, slow sip of my drink from the straw dangling out of 
the glass.  I hoped this came off as an erotic thing to do.

Whatever I did seemed to be effective, because within a few minutes the man 
struggled to his feet (he had obviously been drinking a lot longer than I 
had) and stumbled towards the bar.  I heard his friends murmur a few 
lascivious words of encouragement as he did so.

"Go get it, Frank."

"That boy is hot for it.  Give it to him good."

They all watched as he walked up and leaned on the bar next to me.  I felt 
my heart start to beat faster and I tried to stay calm and focused.

He stood very close to me and leaned over as he spoke.  I could smell strong 
bourbon on his breath.

"Well hello there, sexy," he said.  "I couldn't help notice you looking all 
hot and bothered over here, so I thought I'd see if you needed any help."

"Well, I just might," I said with a smile.  "What do you think would help 
cool me down?"

"Hmmm.  I would say getting naked might help," he said with a leer, "but you 
aren't wearing very much now."

"Besides," he continued, moving even closer to me and talking softly in my 
ear, "I think getting naked would only make you hotter."

I laughed at this, and bumped into him playfully.  He put an arm around my 
waist as I did so, so that I couldn't move back away from him.  Then, as he 
engaged me in small talk, his hand started to wander to the small of my back 
and down to my ass.  Where his mid section pressed into me I could already 
feel the beginnings of an erection.  This "job" didn't look like it would be 
difficult at all, as long as I didn't lose my nerve.

"Listen," I said, "I'm a guest here this weekend and I have my own room.  
Would you like to go back there so we can talk in private?"

He seemed taken aback for a minute and looked at me in surprise.  I worried 
that maybe I had moved too fast and would lose him.  But within a few 
seconds he got his wits about him and broke into a huge grin.

He gave my ass a firm squeeze and said "Sure, sure, that would be great.  
Let me say goodnight to my friends first.  Say, why don't you come over so I 
can introduce you."

This meant, of course, that he wanted to show off his trophy before he 
mounted it.  That was fine with me.  Turns out I enjoyed being on display.

We walked over (his hand never leaving my ass) and he introduced me as "my 
new friend" and told me everyone's name.  I shook hands with each of them 
and received an appraising glance from each man.

Then he said, "We're going to go back to his room and..." he paused for 
effect, "...talk for a while.  You don't wait up for us."

At this the men laughed and began protesting.

"Aw don't go away, Frank.  We'll miss you."

"Stay and party with us.  Or better yet, let's all go back to his room."

My heart really started pounding then.  Suddenly I flashed on an image of me 
being the center of attention in a five-way gang-bang.  The thought was not 
totally unappealing, but given my level of experience in such things a case 
of nerves was, perhaps, understandable.

"Nah," said Frank, to my relief, "you guys are good friends, but you're not 
that good.  I think I can handle this by myself."

This met with howls of protests and promises to me to "show you what a real 
man can do" if Frank couldn't keep up with me.  I laughed and felt a little 
sense of relief as I led the way back towards the house.  On the way we 
passed Master Evan, who gave me a stern look with just the hint of a twitch 
at the corners of his mouth.

As we made our way into the house and down the hall, Frank's hands began 
groping me eagerly.  For a minute I was afraid we wouldn't make it into the 
room at all, but that he would take me right there in the hallway.  This 
wouldn't have been a problem except for the fact that I had been 
specifically instructed to get him into the bedroom so we could be observed.

Luckily, we made it to the door and inside the room.  Once there, he guided 
me right to the bed and I sat down facing him.  He pushed me at the 
shoulders so that I fell back and he immediately leaned over and attacked my 
nipples with his hands and mouth.

They were still very sensitive from their earlier clamping, but I found this 
heightened the pleasure I was now feeling as his fingers and lips and tongue 
worked me over.  I lifted my arms above my head in a show of surrender and 
let out an appreciative moan.

Encouraged in his work, Frank's hand quickly found their way to my cock and 
started massaging me through the thin material of my briefs.  My cock 
immediately sprang to attention as he tugged them down.

He stood back up and looked at my erection.

"Well, well," he said as he yanked my briefs down and tossed then aside, 
"You are a hot little bitch, aren't you?"

He stroked me with one hand and gently squeezed my balls with the other.  I 
lifted and spread my legs to give him full access and arched my back.

"I think I have a taste for something," he said.  "Can you guess what it 
is?"

"Me, I hope," I said wickedly.

Without another word he bent down and took me in his mouth.  He was sloppy, 
but he was enthusiastic, and I was so horny by then that I didn't need much 
skill to get me off.  In just a few minutes I could feel myself getting 
close to coming.

Then he suddenly lost his balance, no doubt overcome by booze, and half 
stood up again, swaying dangerously.  I sat up and caught him by the 
shoulders to steady him.

"Why don't you lie down, and let me work on you.  No sense in you doing all 
the hard work," I said.

He grunted and flopped down on the bed beside me, on his back.  I climbed on 
top of him, straddling him, and unbuttoned his shirt.  I opened it and 
leaned in to work on his nipples.

"Oh yeah, baby" he moaned.  "Take me with that hot mouth."

I could feel him getting harder.  My ass was sitting on his cock and I could 
feel it straining at his zipper.  I shimmied down and unbuckled his pants, 
then unbuttoned his slacks and unzipped him.

I stood up then, and yanked his pants and his shorts down at the same time.  
I judged, correctly, that he was in the mood to get right down to business.  
He had a rather small cock but it was standing straight at attention.  I 
bent down and licked like a Popsicle.  He squirmed and groaned and cursed 
softly.

I put my hands on his hips and took him in my mouth, moving up and down on 
him slowly.  Since he wasn't very big I could take him nearly all the way in 
my mouth without gagging.  He started moving his hips to thrust into my 
mouth and I picked up the pace.

It only took a few minutes before he came in my mouth, crying out as he did 
so.  I drained him dry and then lay beside him with my head on his chest.

Very soon after that he sat up and pulled up his pants, telling me how great 
I was and how good I had made him feel.  I felt a bit disappointed that my 
"needs" hadnï¿½t been fully taken care of, but I was pleased that he was going 
to leave happy and I hoped this would put me back in Master Evan's good 
graces.

After he had dressed he told me had an early appointment the next day and 
couldn't stay.  I smiled and told him I understood, and that I had had fun.  
Then he shocked me pulling out his wallet and laying a stack of $20 bills, 
at least $100 I judged, next to me on the bed.

"Buy yourself something nice.  You deserve it," he said, touching my hair.

Then he was gone.  I picked up the money and stared at it, trying to make 
sense of where I was and what was happening.  As the man's footsteps echoed 
down the hallway, Master Evan appeared at the door.

He reached out and took the money from my hands.

"Any money you make being a slut belongs to your Master, boy.  Being a slut 
is its own reward for you, isn't it?"

"Yes Master," I said, still feeling a little overwhelmed.

"You did okay, boy," he said.  "I guess I won't be whipping those balls 
tonight.  It's a shame in a way, but I'm a man of my word."

"Thank you, Sir," I said sincerely.  "I am glad I didn't disappoint you."

"You damn well better be.  Now, there's just one more thing I need you to do 
for me," he said.

"Yes, Sir?"

He looked at me without saying anything.  Then he smiled evilly.

"Oh," I said, "that."

He laughed and said "Yes, that.  You made me damn hot acting like a slut 
with that strange man.  I need release, and you are eager to give it to me, 
aren't you boy?"

"Yes, Master," I said.  "How do you want me?"

"Get up on the bed.  All fours.  Ass up, head down."

I climbed on the bed and got into position.  It occurred to me that I was 
about to get fucked in the same position I had watched the girl get taken by 
my other Master earlier in the day.

I watched as he got undressed.  As soon as his pants came down I could see 
he was already hard - he hadn't been kidding about getting hot watching me.  
He walked up to me so that it was right in my face.

"Say hello, bitch," he said as he pushed my head down on him.

I took him in my mouth and he immediately started thrusting his hips, 
fucking my face.  His hand gripped the hair on the back of my head, guiding 
me up and down.  Soon he was fully erect, and he had quite a set of 
equipment.  I began to worry about how much it might hurt to have him inside 
me.  Well, whether it hurt or not, I knew I was going to take it without 
complaint.

He went behind and climbed onto the bed.

"Spread those legs nice and wide," he ordered.  I did so.

"Now arch your back for me," he said.  I felt very vulnerable, and very 
sexy.

I felt his hands touch my ass.  He used his fingers to spread my cheeks so 
he could get a good look at my hole.

"Nice," he said.  "I'm going to enjoy a nice, long, slow fuck with you.  
Would you like that?"

"Yes, Sir!" I said quickly.

"I know you will, you little slut," he said, chuckling.

He slid a finger inside me, slowly, and left it there.  I felt myself tense 
up, gripping his finger even tighter.

"Oh yes," he said, "you are going to be nice and tight."

With that he put his hands on my hips and scooted up so that his cock was 
pressed against my asshole.  He left it there for a moment, probably to let 
me think about what was coming.  Master Evan always took his time and did 
things very deliberately.  It didn't matter if he was whipping you or 
fucking you, he always took his time.

He slid into me slowly, inch by inch, and I felt myself tense up again.  I 
concentrated on breathing and willed myself to relax.  I knew he wasn't 
going to wait for me to be comfortable, so it was up to me to control my 
body to minimize the discomfort.

He pushed up against me until he was all the way inside, and he felt huge.  
I felt like begging him to take it out, it was a strange and unpleasant 
feeling.  But I knew better.  I was not about to question this man.  I tried 
to concentrate on breathing deeply and staying relaxed.

"How's that feel, boy?" he asked me.

"G-good Sir," I lied.

He slapped me hard on the ass.

"Don't lie to me!"

"It...It hurts, Sir" I stammered.

He chuckled, and slapped my other cheek.

"I thought so.  You're practically still a virgin.  You sure are fucking 
tight.  Let's see what we can do about breaking you in some more."

Then he eased himself back out of me, nearly all the way, and then slid 
slowly back in.  He put grabbed my hips more firmly and started pumping, 
slowly, in a steady rhythm.  Every so often he would punctuate a thrust with 
another hard slap on my ass.  Slowly my body started to adjust to the 
sensation, and the sensation started to grow more pleasant.  I felt myself 
relax and I began to accept his thrusts more and more eagerly.

After several minutes, he stopped again, and said, "Now it's time for you to 
do some of the work.  Work that ass for me!"

Immediately I complied.  Not being experienced at this I wasn't completely 
sure what to do, so I started to rock my body back and forth, so that his 
cock continued to slide in and out of me as it had before.

"Yes that's right," he said, "ride that cock!"  SLAP!

Encouraged, I started to move faster, and when I pushed back against him I 
started pushing harder so that he went deeper inside me.  By this time I was 
getting aroused myself and started to feel my own cock stiffen.  I added 
some side-to-side motions to my thrusting and Master moaned in approval.  
"I'm going to make him come," I thought to myself.

But just then he said "stop" and slid out of me.  "What now?" I wondered, 
but of course I said nothing.

"Turn over on your back," he ordered.

I flopped over and he grabbed my ankles and forced my legs apart and then 
slid up between them.  He leaned up over me and, from somewhere behind the 
bedpost, pulled out a strap, which he fastened to my wrist with a Velcro 
closure.  Soon he had done the same to my other wrist so that both arms were 
held down above my head.  He grabbed me at the waist and pulled me down so 
that they were held down even more tightly.

"Now," he said, putting his face close to mine, "I want you to look in my 
eyes while I finish with you."

With that he lifted my legs high and slid into me again.  Immediately I 
tensed up but, of course, he didn't wait for me to adjust.  He slid in fully 
and immediately started pumping again, at a faster pace this time.

He was looking into my eyes and I looked back.  His expression was one of 
pure, dominant lust, and mine (I'm sure) was like a scared animal with 
nowhere to run from a stronger, faster predator.

Now as he fucked me his stomach brushed against my thickening cock, and I 
soon became aroused again.  I started moaning again, and briefly closed my 
eyes.  "Look at me!" he shouted as I did so, and I looked at him again, 
helplessly.

By then his thrusting had become fast and deep, and his face contorted with 
pleasure.  Rather suddenly I felt his body shudder, and he looked away as he 
finished with several more hard thrusts.  I had not reached the point of 
climax yet myself, and I felt a wave of disappointment wash over me as I 
realized that I would probably not be allowed to come, once again.

As soon as the last wave of pleasure had swept over Master Evan, he pulled 
out of me and slid off the bed, leaving me there, tied down and frustrated.  
He ignored me as he casually got dressed.  Finally he took the restraints 
off my hands and told me to get out of bed.

"I'm done with you, boy.  Time to return you to your Master."  He reached 
out and grabbed my still erect member.  "I'll bet you'll think twice before 
you use this thing without permission again, won't you?"

"Y-Yes Sir!" I squeaked.

He laughed and gave my cock another firm squeeze before letting it go.

He told me to follow him and I did so, walking down the hall with my cock 
bouncing up and down with each step.  We reached my Master's room and he 
knocked on the door softly.

"Come in", said a voice from inside, and he opened the door.

I was not surprised to see Reggie lying in bed next to my Master.  I can 
only guess what they may have been up to that evening, because I was never 
told.

"Are you ready to swap back, Robert?" asked Master Evan.

"Yes," he replied.  "Go on boy."

Reggie slid out of bed.  He was naked, of course.  As he passed by me have 
gave me a haughty smile.  He no doubt guessed that I had been taken down a 
peg or two and he seemed to enjoy the thought.  He and Master Evan slipped 
out and closed the door behind them.

There was a soft light in the room.  My master beckoned me to come to the 
bed and lie beside him.

"Well," he said, taking a firm grip on my still-erect penis, "it seems this 
little guy hasn't lost his enthusiasm, despite all that's happened."

As he said this he started to stroke me slowly, and I groaned softly.  I 
dared to hope that sweet relief might finally be at hand for me.

"Now why don't you tell me what happened with you since I lent you to Master 
Evan, and give me all the details."

As I told my story, he continued to stroke me, and I struggled to get the 
words out.  When I faltered he would stay his hand until I collected myself 
sufficiently to continue, then he would start again.  By the time I finished 
my story, I was just on the edge of climaxing.

"You've had quite a day," he said, maintaining a firm grip on me.  "Now, do 
you think you've learned your lesson?  Or should I let you go to bed all 
hard and frustrated?"

"Oh no, Master," I babbled, "I promise I'll be good.  Please, please let me 
come."

"Say it louder, boy!  I want this whole mansion to hear how bad you want 
it!"

"PLEASE PLEASE MAKE ME COME, MASTER!" I shouted as loudly as I could.

And he did.  He finished me off with firm, strong strokes and I came as hard 
as I ever had, or have since, my whole body arching up to meet his hand as I 
shot warm, sticky juice onto my own chest and stomach.

When I finally finished, he told me to go clean myself up and then come back 
to bed.  I snuggled into him and fell into an exhausted sleep, feeling safe 
and satisfied.  At that moment, I didn't have a care in the world.

When he nudged me awake I had no idea how long I had been sleeping.  It was 
obvious morning had come, since sunlight was pouring in through the cracks 
in the blinds that covered the window.

"Unfortunately I have to leave, my boy," he said with a trace of sadness.  
"But I'd like you to wiggle down and say goodbye to my cock.  It's going to 
miss you."

Without a word or a second thought I crawled down and went to work on him 
with my hands and mouth.  It was amazing to think that less than 48 hours 
ago I had never been with a man and now I was sucking cock like an old pro!

There was a knock at the door.  Master called out "come in" and I looked up 
at the same time.  It was Master Evan and Reggie, both fully dressed.

"I didn't tell you to stop what you were doing, slut!" said Master angrily, 
and I quickly bent down and continued with my work.

I heard Master Evan chuckle.  "I tell you, Robert, that one has potential.  
I wouldn't mind breaking him in even further, but I have all I can handle 
right now."

I felt all of their eyes on me, even Reggie's.  It was most embarrassing to 
have him see me this way while he was fully dressed.

Master Evan said goodbye and they both left, but I did not hear the door 
close.  Several times I thought I heard footsteps, and comments followed by 
soft laughter, but I continued with my task.

Finally he got his satisfaction and I got a mouthful of warm, salty come.  I 
swallowed it down as he lay back and relaxed once again.

Then he got up and got dressed as I sat there on the bed.  Soon he had 
thrown a few things into a bag and I could tell he was ready to leave.  It 
occurred to me suddenly that this might be the last time I would see him, 
and the thought scared me, though I didn't know why.

Suddenly I grew brave and said, "Am I going to see you again...Master?"

"Hmmm," he replied.  "I hadn't really thought about it.  Perhaps.  Give me 
your number, and maybe I'll call you."

I called out the digits of my number and he wrote them on a pad he pulled 
from his breast pocket.  Then he gave me a hug, a strong one that lifted me 
off of my feet.  And then he was gone.

I sat there on the bed for a time, feeling numb and wrung out.  Finally I 
decided it was time to go and try to find my clothes, and get back to real 
life.  I was less than pleased at the prospect.

I drifted out the door and started wandering through the house.  I found 
Reggie sitting in one of the living areas, sitting in a chair and staring 
into space.  He didn't seem to see me as I walked up, so I cleared my throat 
to get his attention.

"Hmm?  Oh, it's you.  Hi."

"Hi," I responded, "Ummm, do you know where they're keeping our clothes?"

"Oh.  Yeah.  Go back to the room we got changed in when we got here," he 
said.  "Our host is there saying goodbye to everyone."

Then he turned away again and seemed to be ignoring me.  He was acting 
strange.  Not like himself.  I began to worry that this experience might 
have damaged him in some way, or perhaps had damaged our relationship.  But 
that would have to wait, because I couldn't go home wearing only a dog 
collar.

I made my way back to the large room that I had first changed into my skimpy 
"prey" outfit upon arrival, and our host was there speaking with another 
middle-aged man.  I walked up to him and for a time he ignored me.

Finally he turned and looked at me with disdain.

"Yes, boy?"

"Um, I guess I need my clothes back, Sir," I said.

"Oh?  And is that the proper way to ask a Master for your possessions?"

"Oh.  May...I please have my clothes back, Sir?" I tried.

"You may not.  And unless you show me proper respect, you can be go home 
bare-assed naked as far as I'm concerned."

He was having some fun with me.  The man he had been talking with took a 
break from ogling my body to have a good giggle at my expense.  I decided to 
try a different tack.

I dropped to my knees and asked again, politely, for my possessions.

"That's a bit better, but I think you are still a little too full of 
yourself.  If I had time, I'd bend you over my desk and make a lasting 
impression on you, but at it is...hmmm...tell you what.  Bend down and kiss 
my shoes, boy."

I leaned down and placed a light kiss on the top of each of his shoes.  He 
grunted in satisfaction and when I straightened up he unhooked my collar and 
removed it from my neck.  Then he threw me the bag with my clothes and other 
possessions.  I got dressed quickly.

As I made to leave, my host changed his tone.  He became as congenial as he 
had been upon my arrival, shook my hand and wished me a safe trip home.  He 
asked me if I had enjoyed the weekend, and I said that I had, very much.

"Well, good.  I like to have interesting little get-togethers like this from 
time to time.  Perhaps I'll call you again."

I told him I'd like that, and then, not without some regret, I left the room 
and found my roommate again.

When he noticed me he got up at once and said "let's go."  He seemed distant 
still, and lost in his own thoughts.  There was little more discussion on 
the ride home, and I began to fear that in fact our relationship had 
suffered irreparable harm, that things would just be too weird between us 
for us to continue living together.

When we got home I headed for the shower, and tried to wash away my 
conflicting feelings about the last few days with soap and hot water.  It 
didn't work too well.  I had all sorts of questions about what had occurred 
over the last few days.

Was I bisexual?  Was I a submissive?  Was I on the brink of a major 
lifestyle change, or had this been a one-time fling that I would look back 
on in 20 years as a youthful indiscretion?  I didn't know the answers, and I 
didn't know what I wanted.  And there was the immediate issue of dealing 
with my relationship with Reggie.  It seemed very likely that one of us was 
going to have to move out now.

I walked back to my bedroom, still damp and wearing only a towel.  To my 
great surprise, Reggie was in my room, sitting on my bed.

He looked at me with a blank expression.

"Reggie?" I said, confused.

"There are going to be some changes around here," he said matter-of-factly.  
"I think we both learned a lot about ourselves this weekend.  And I think 
the nature of our relationship needs to change."

"Oh?" I said.  "How do you mean?"

"Come here," he said.

I was as confused as ever, but something in the commanding tone of his voice 
impelled me to obey.  I stepped forward so that I was just a few feet in 
front of him.

Suddenly he reached out and ripped the towel from around my waist.  He threw 
it across the room.

Shocked, I opened my mouth to speak, but no words came out.  He looked at my 
naked body for a time, and nodded, seemingly in approval.

"From now on," he said, "you'll be naked in this apartment unless I give you 
something to wear."

I was taken aback by what was happening, but strangely it didn't seem to 
enter my mind to argue or resist.

"While we are in the privacy of this apartment," he went on, "you will 
address me as Sir or Master.  Clear?"

"Yes, Sir!" I said.

"Good boy.  Now there is the little matter of what happened between us night 
before last.  You left me with a bad case of blue balls, and that is not 
acceptable."

I opened my mouth to protest but a harsh look from him told me that arguing 
would be pointless.  I held my tongue.

"I'm going to give you a chance to finish what you started.  But first, I 
need to establish my position with you in a more...tangible way," he said 
with a sneer.

He stood up and started to unbuckle his belt.

"Bend over and put your palms down on the bed.  That's right, now arch that 
back.  And spread those legs a bit."

After I had assumed the position, he stood behind me for a time, perhaps 
admiring the view, or perhaps to let the suspense build.  When the first 
hard slap of leather stung my ass with a loud "whack", I was glad he 
couldn't see my face.  If he'd seen the huge smile I was wearing I wouldn't 
have been able to sit down the next day.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  solivagus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





