BDSM Library - Forever Alec's




Forever Alec's
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When Ivy tells Alec she will do anything He desires to be His forever, she has no idea just how far things will go.
The long winding road that led to Lake Tilton was lined with breathtaking
scenery. The leaves had just begun to change to rich autumn shades, making it
even more beautiful. It was sunset when Ivy arrived at the cabin. For a moment,
she sat in the car just admiring the perfect surroundings. The cool air hit her
as she opened the car door and climbed out. She shivered slightly and made her
way to the porch.

Her fingers moved quickly to unbutton her light-blue silk blouse, which she
quickly slid off. The crisp breeze kissed her warm skin, making her nipples grow
hard instantly. The lacy pale blue bra was next to go, getting placed on the
floor with the shirt. Her hands trembled as she unzipped the black leather skirt
she wore, folding it as and laying it aside as well. The knee high boots were
then removed before she  moved on to the panties. The sexy little lace bikini
was already damp when she hooked her fingers under the sides and slid it down
her slender thighs, stepping out of them and laying them with the rest of her
clothes. Now completely naked, she sank to her knees on the chilly wooden porch.
With her soft brown eyes closed, she knocked on the door, her hands moving
behind her back as she awaited further instructions.

The door slowly opened. She could hear the floorboards creak as someone stepped
out on to the porch. A soft strip of thick black fabric then encircled her head,
blotting out any hint of light as she was blindfolded. The person moved behind
her, taking one hand and slipping it into the circle of rope before tightening
it firmly around her wrist. The procedure was repeated, leaving her hands bound
with very little room for any sort of movement.

"Stand girl" a powerful voice said.

Without hesitation, she rose to her feet as gracefully as she could. She felt
His fingers brush her silken, flame red hair back and come to rest against the
back of her neck as she was led forward. The door closed behind them as she was
led further into the room. The warmth inside was soothing, chasing away the
chills. Once the hand moved she stopped, standing completely still for a moment.

"Kneel," a softer, feminine voice said.

Ivy quickly obeyed, kneeling down in front of the woman. Long slender fingers
stroked her hair, then gripped a handful of her hair. Her head was pulled
forward as the musky smell of sex filled her nostrils. She could feel the heat
emanating from the woman's cunt as her face was inches from it.

"I want you to greet Misty. Show her what a good girl you are girl," He said.

Immediately her tongue began to take long slow swipes over the moist flesh in
front of her. Misty moaned softly as Ivy's tongue found her clit, flicking at it
quickly with the tip of her tongue. Her lips closed around it as she began to
suck as she licked. The grip on her hair increased as she licked harder and
faster at the little nub. The sound of the woman enjoying her sensual clit
kissing served to fuel her efforts.

It didn't take long for Misty to be brought to a shuddering orgasm. Ivy's mouth
moved down to the puffy pink lips and lapped at the sweet ambrosia that flowed
from between them. She could taste a mixture of Alec's cum along with Misty's.
The taste was heavenly as she forced her tongue in as deep as she could to scoop
out every drop. The deep tonguing brought Misty to another orgasm within
minutes, leaving her quivering and panting in the chair as she released her grip
on Ivy's hair.

"Very good girl," He said as He softly stroked her hair.

His hand guided her, making her turn toward Him. She felt the smooth tip of His
cock trace her lower lip. Ivy parted her lips slightly at first, then more as
the head of His cock pressed against her lips. As His cock sank into the warm
confines of her mouth, it was greeted by her tongue as it slithered over the
throbbing muscle. She began to suck as He pushed deeper, until the head hit the
back of her throat. He gripped her hair, tilting her head back slight before
pushing completely in. She struggled not to gag as He entered her throat with a
rough jab. He held her head still, her nose resting against His pelvis as her
throat muscles spasmed around His shaft. Tears filled her eyes as she gagged
hard around the thick invader that was lodged in her throat. He groaned softly
with delight as He savored the feel of her torment.

After several seconds, He pulled back, leaving just the head in her mouth. He
let her adjust, allowing her to worship the head of His cock with her tongue as
she sucked it before jamming the full length back into her throat. He kept up
the slow, torturous pace for about 10 minutes before withdrawing completely from
her mouth and turning slightly away from her. He moved her head toward His erect
shaft, feeling the side of it rub over her lips. It was then she felt Misty's
lips brush hers from the other side.

The two girls worked their hot little mouths over His swollen shaft, their
tongues teasing each other around it. They moved toward the head of His cock,
kissing deeply around it as their tongues lashed over His flesh. He alternated
between the two, sinking His cock into one's mouth then withdrawing and filling
the others. The two worked together, stroking His cock with their lips in a
frantic pace, wanting the creamy reward that awaited them.

Ivy loved the sound of His voice as He moaned and complimented their work.

"Ah that's it. Good girls. Oh yeah, keep going. Keep going..." He groaned as He
approached His first climax of the night. "Get ready for Your treat."

The two girls held their faces close together with mouths hanging open and
tongues extended. He furiously stroked His cock as He aimed the tip toward their
mouths. Soon thick white ropes of cum erupted from it, splattering on their
tongues and faces. As the last drops were expelled, Misty began to lick Ivy's
face, scooping up all the cum she could before kissing her passionately so they
could share more of His wonderful treat. 

The sight of the two girls sharing such an intimate kiss was quickly arousing
Alec once again. He knew that tonight no one would get any sleep until He was
finished with the fantasies that haunted His mind. He then helped Ivy up,
leading her toward the far side of the room. Her hands were then released from
the rope. The dark ligature marks already had started to form on her wrists. Her
hands were then pulled above her head as her arms were stretched out and locked
in leather cuffs that hung from chains attached to the ceiling. Her ankles were
then pushed apart, and secured in cuffs as well, leaving her body stretched in a
painful position.

Alec walked around the girl, inspecting her body once more. His hand brushed
over various parts of her as she trembled from His touch. Finally He stopped
behind her, His hand slipping around her waist and down to her exposed cunt. His
fingers moved over her clit, feeling the metal ring that pierced it, then down
to her lips, tracing His fingertips over them as He counted the rings in each
side.

Ivy moaned softly with delight as He trailed His fingers across her dripping
sex. His erection pressed firmly against her ass as He let one finger slip
inside her slick slit and pulled it out slowly. He held it up, looking at how it
glistened with her juices before moving the wet digit to her lips and smearing
the sweetness across them. She quickly licked her lips, parting them to let Him
push His finger into her mouth to be cleaned. He leaned in closer, bringing His
lips to her ear.

"Good girl" He whispered.

He took a step back, moving to the side of her as He watched her chest rise and
fall with each breath. He admired the beauty of her form, of her helpless state
and her willingness to be in it. A smile crossed His lips as He thought of what
was to come later that evening.

Along the wall behind the prone beauty hung a large variety of whips, crops and
canes. Misty stood in front of the implements, her eyes scanning the selection.
The tips of her fingers brushed over the finely crafted tools of the trade.
Finally she chose a short crop from the wall. She slapped it authoritatively
against her palm as she approached Alec. The sound of the slap made Ivy jump.
Misty quickly handed over the crop to Alec who in turn grabbed her long auburn
hair in His clenched fist and drew her head sharply back before placing a kiss
upon her throat and releasing her.

He then moved in front of Ivy, holding the crop in His hand. He traced the tip
of it over the curve of her breast very slowly, letting her feel the wide bit of
buttery soft leather caress her skin. He dragged it slowly up and down the
fleshy mound, circling around her nipple each time. Soft moans slipped from her
as the tip of the crop teased the little pink nub, but the moans did not last.
Just as suddenly as they had began, they changed to a whimper as He brought the
crop down hard across her breast, aimed perfectly across her nipple.

He alternated back and forth between her right breast and her left, leaving both
with long thin red stripes in a beautiful pattern of pain. Intermittently the
flurry of blows would cease, and the teasing stroke of the leather would begin
again. Her body remained tensed, never sure when it would be the soft touch or
the brutal strike. The intricate design that emerged on her chest from the welts
made Misty's mouth water as she stared at the naked girl. She looked to Alec,
silent begging permission to touch her.

He knew what was on Misty's mind and nodded, pointing at the trunk first. She
quickly scampered over and lifted the heavy wooden lid. A large black rubber
vibrating plug and cordless remote and a small ball of thin rope were pulled
from the toy chest. Misty retrieved the scissors from the drawer of the end
table, then handed the remote over to Alec before sinking to her knees in front
of Ivy.

Ivy jumped as she felt a warm soft lick across her clit. The tip of Misty's
tongue flickered over the pierced little jewel, making the girl squirm with
delight. As she knelt there, Alec reached down and picked up the ball of rope
and scissors, placing the control down for a moment. He cut two lengths of rope
and handed each to Misty.

Misty quickly laced one of the pieces through the three rings in the right lip
of Ivy's pussy, then pulled both ends around to her outer thigh. Alec took the
loose ends, tying them quickly in a knot. The same was done to the left side,
leaving the girl's cunt spread painfully open. Misty's mouth moved once again to
Ivy's clit, covering it as she began to suck and lick at the little pink treat.

Ivy began to sigh and moan as Misty passionately kissed her clit. The juices
began to drip from her widely spread cunt as Misty continued to lap at her
tender pink flesh. Suddenly, the blows to her breast began again, causing her
body to jump each time the pain sliced through her. The combination of the soft
tongue action and the sharp ache made her quickly lapse into a shuddering
orgasm.

In the throws of climax, the tip of the large plug was introduced to her juicy
cunt. Misty forced it inside in a slow but firm thrust until it was lodged deep
inside her. The girl worked it back and forth, lubricating it Ivy's juices as
her muscles convulsed around it, making her climax more intense. Alec had picked
up the remote again, clicking it on high as the vibrations caused Ivy to scream
in fits of passion.

Then, just as quickly as it was inside her, it was slid out. Her juices dripped
off the large rubber toy as Misty lined the tip of it up with her puckered
little anus. With a quick stab, Misty had forced it deep in to Ivy's tight
little ass, causing her to shriek. The pain was quickly forgotten as the
vibrations began again on a lower setting. The crop again kissed her flesh, this
time circling around her body hitting her sides and back as well as her round
firm ass as Misty's skillful tongue brought her to the edge of ecstacy.

Her body was soon covered in the thin welts that decorated her creamy white
breasts. Alec's hand caressed her warm cheeks, feeling the raised little lines
with His fingers. Ivy continued to moan, tormented by the intense pleasure of
the vibration even after His touch left her. The sensation spread through her
body quickly, making her eager to feel anything fill her hungry cunt.

Much to Ivy's dismay, she soon heard the soft sounds of Misty's voice as she was
caught up in her own pleasure. The sound of Alec's body colliding with Misty's
left nothing to Ivy's imagination. She envied the girl as the sound of their
passions filled the room. Misty screamed as He plunged His cock deep into her
velvety folds, forcing deeper and deeper with each stroke. Ivy could not help
but cum as she imagined it was her that He was finding such pleasure in filling.
She knew that there were many more things He had planned to do to her. The
thought of them all pushed her deeper into the orgasmic bliss. She was still
trembling, the honeyed juices pooling on the floor beneath her, when Alec had
finished with Misty.

"I see someone is enjoying herself" He whispered in her ear.

"Yes.... Sir" she stammered as His fingers caught her throbbing clit.

He gripped the silver ring that ran through it, pulling it slowly as He twisted.
The pain shot through her body, causing it to twitch and jerk as another orgasm
quickly gripped her. He smiled as He watched her body writhe in passion. He
nodded to Misty, who had returned with two large alligator clamps, both of which
had weights dangling from their ends. There was a small hole in each, where the
ring holding the weight was fastened.

Alec busied Himself with getting another length of rope, This one slightly
thinner and rougher than the one holding her juicy cunt wide open. He slid the
end through the opening in the clamp and tied it off securely before bringing
the rope around Ivy's neck. He made a single loop around it and tying a slipknot
in it. He then took the other clamp and looped the end of the rope through
before fastening it.

Misty's lips sought out Ivy's nipple, sucking it hard as her tongue flicked
across it. The thick pink nub became stiff as she teased it. She then spit it
out, placing the clamp on the tip. Ivy groaned as the weight dangled. The other
clamp was applied in the same fashion. Her sensitive nipples felt like they were
on fire as the teeth bit into them. Misty kept poking at the clamps, making the
weights swing pendulously as her breasts were being painfully pulled upward by
the nipple.

Alec had chosen a new toy this time to tease Ivy's body with. It was a thin very
flexible length of cane. He started out trailing it over her naked flesh,
letting her feel it's surface rub over her before He landed the first vicious
blow to the underside of her breast. Her body danced with pain as He continued
to strike the tender skin. He delighted in watching her pale skin tone be
overtaken with the ruddy streaks from the cane. Each strike made her jerk, each
jerk in turn made the weights bounce, pulling down harder on her nipples as the
rope yanked them skyward, each bounce made the rope around her throat tighten
slight more.

He then turned His attention to another part of her body, bringing the cane down
between her spread thighs and whipping it back and forth. Her breath came in
short bursts between the long drawn out moans and whimpers as the cane kissed
every inch of her upper thighs. The closer that He got the louder her cries
became. This inspired Alec to bring the cane up, slapping harshly on her moist
pink flesh. She hit a new note as the pain rushed through her, and her body
jerked violently. This time the cry was of sheer agony. Again the tool bit into
her finding her throbbing pussy lips. He varied His angle of attack, letting it
welt her lips until they were swollen nearly twice their normal size and ten
times as sensitive. Her clit also felt the brunt of His passion as He changed
position just enough to bring the tip down on it with every stroke.

Tears drenched the blindfold as she began to sob from the pain. She knew that
this would be part of the deal before she agreed to it. She wanted so
desperately to prove worth enough to be His but little did she know that her
plans would come to a quick end. The sight of her pain was driving Alec wild
with desire. She gasped for breath as the rope continued to slip through the
knot and tighten around her throat. Ivy was starting to feel lightheaded as her
face changed shades. He wanted to feel her warmth wrapped around Him. Misty
helped unfasten the cuffs from the girl's ankles as Alec held her steady. She
was on the verge of collapse when the wrists cuffs were removed as well as the
rope around her neck.

Her nipples ached as the blood rushed back into the clamped areas. Alec lead the
girl toward the bedroom, knowing that this would fulfill His greatest passion.
Misty took over, holding the girl steady while Alec laid down on the bed. His
swollen shaft throbbing as it awaited Ivy. The girl was helped on to the bed and
positioned over His cock. Misty quickly returned the rope cuffs to her hands and
the clamps to her nipples, this time without the rope. The ropes that held her
rings open, felt as if it was going to rip them right through the tender flaps
of swollen flesh as she was yanked down on Alec's thick cock.

Misty stood at the edge of the bed, adjusting the rope's height until it was
perfect. She quickly slipped the noose over Ivy's head, the other end rested
securely in Alec's palm. He watched anxiously as the noose was tightened just
enough to slightly restrict her breathing. He could see the panic on her face as
He pulled gently on the rope, watching it tighten a little more.

"Remember our agreement Ivy. If you trust me enough to indulge this fantasy as
you said you do... then I shall truly be happy and make you Mine forever. Do You
trust me Ivy?" He asked in a stern tone.

"Yes Sir I do" she answered.

He could tell by the wetness that trickled down His shaft that she was as
excited as He was. The remote was turned on high, causing her to quickly come to
another orgasm. He groaned as her muscles clenched His cock, holding it firmly
in their grasp. He began to thrust up into her dripping wet cunt, forcing His
cock as deep as He could get it. Each time He would raise His hips, He pulled
the rope a little more, until it was visibly starting to press into her neck. He
watched her breasts bounce with each frantic breath she tried to draw in as He
continued to slowly ease the rope further.

He began to pound her pussy harder and harder as her breathing became more
strained. She was on the verge of passing out when the most tremendous orgasm of
her light ripped through her. If not for the rope around her neck, she would
have collapsed against His chest as the climax intensified. Misty quickly ripped
the blindfold off Ivy's face, letting her get her first and last blurry glimpse
at Alec.

He could see the panic in her eyes as He pulled the rope harder, her entire body
twitching violently as she gasped for air. Even after she had lost consciousness
He continued to pump His thick shaft deep into her cunt. The wetness was
incredible as it flooded out of her. Her muscles flexed around Him as the life
was choked out of her by the rope's grip. The warmth of her urine covered His
pelvis, signaling it was over.. He let out a last groan as He began to pump His
seed deep into her lifeless cunt.

Misty was delighted, watching the body drooping slightly. She helped Alec pull
Ivy up just enough to slip out from under her. He tied the rope off, letting her
dangle from it like a puppet. Misty moved closer, kneeling on the bed in front
of the girl as she quickly lapped up her Master's drippings from Ivy's cunt.
Once she had finished, they engaged in a deeply passionate kiss. He looked deep
into Misty's eyes seeing how greatly she enjoyed the evening.

"After dinner we shall finish with her little one, I promised I would let you
have your fun with her when I finished with her" He said, stroking her cheek.
"Then later on tonight, when we are done with her we will take her out by the
lake"

"Yes Master," she whispered softly to Him, seeing that He was truly pleased.

After the two lovers returned from dinner, Alec knew it He should keep His
promise to Ivy. After Misty was done playing dress up with the girl, He slipped
a black leather collar over the rope marks. A small purple heart dangled from
it's large silver loop with His initials engraved on it. Now her wish was
fulfilled. She was truly His.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  NightmarePrincess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





