BDSM Library - The Joy Of Being A Holiday Camp Entertainer




The Joy Of Being A Holiday Camp Entertainer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man desparate for a job signs a contract without reading it - hte fool. He becomes the plaything for sadistic female holiday-makers out to have fun at his expense!
         THE JOY OF BEING A HOLIDAY CAMP ENTERTAINER?

I had been out of work for about 9 months and I very much wanted to
get into the theatrical arena. I would spend ages searching through
adverts every week and apply for all vacancies I saw. I rarely got
a reply and even less frequently an interview. However, my luck was
to change when I replied to an advertisement "No business like show
business" for the position of trainee pink coat at a distant
holiday camp. With delight I received an invitation for an
interview a few weeks later which I gladly accepted. The camp was a
10 hour journey which passed slowly as I desperately wanted to get
the job. I arrived and was pleasantly relieved when I saw my
interviewer. She was a tall beautiful lady with long legs enveloped
in sheer black stockings, had her hair in a pony tail and had the
most captivating green eyes I had ever seen. She asked me lots of
questions  about who I lived with, my family, who I socialized with
but very little about my entertainments experience. She seemed very
interested by my answers and became excited as she slowly
discovered that I had a solitary life with no friends and no
family. After about an hours questions she summed it all up by
saying, "So you have no reason to stay where you are. Nobody will
miss you if you come to join us."
   "Er...No, no-one would miss me" I was forced to admit shocked by
her frankness.
   "Wonderful", she replied as she casually rubbed her crutch, "You
have got the job and can start right away."
   "What, you mean I can start on Monday." I replied full of
excitement at getting the offer of a job at long last.
   "No! I said right now" was my reply.
   "But what about my clothes"
   "Oh, you don't need them, we have a uniform and you can always
return for some clothes if you get a vacation."
   "Fantastic" I answered not realizing what I was letting myself
into and wondering a little about what she meant by "IF" I get a
vacation..

She then turned around and pulled out a thick document which she
signed and then pushed to me and asked me to sign above her
signature. I hesitated and asked if I could I read it first.
   "Surely you trust me don't you?" the woman replied.
   "Well, yes...I do...., but it is just that I have always been
warned to read anything before I sign."
   "Oh well if you insist you can take it home and read it and
return on Monday" she replied. Then after a short pause she looked
threateningly into my eyes and added, "That is, if I don't find
someone else before then."
I thought to myself that I couldn't afford to miss this
opportunity, and after all she had offered me the chance to read
it, so I nervously answered, "OK, I'll sign" and readily signed the
document with butterflies in my stomach. She took the contract and
put it into a safe in the wall behind her. She started laughing as
she closed the safe door and turned to face me again.

   "You really are quite stupid. We have been trying for over 5
years to get someone to sign that voluntary slave agreement but had
no luck. It is only a page long with the rest just plain paper.
Everyone else had the sense to look at the page you signed and
realised that". She then pushed a button on her intercom and said
"At last, we've got a human plaything" she said with a chuckle,
"bring in his costume and a copy of his agreement for him to read
later at his leisure, Ha, Ha, Ha".
   "Great, I never thought the plan would work, he must be some
dumbo. We'll be right in." Came a crackly reply full of excitement
with mingled with a background of giggles.

I was very annoyed and a little frightened now. "Are you completely
mad? What do you think I am going to do? I've had enough, I don't
want your job any more I'm going home." She just smiled at me came
round her desk and at the same time the office door opened and in
came 3 strikingly attractive but menacing women each about 6 foot
tall. She slapped my face hard first to the left and then to the
right. My face was burning as she calmly said, "Don't you realise
yet. You are no longer a person, you are now our first pink coat, a
slave to meet all our guests needs no matter how base. You are also
our toy to be teased and tormented till we grow bored and find a
more monstrous game to play with you."

I was then surrounded by the women that had entered which were now
trembling with sadistic excitement. One of them said "Here's your
costume PINK coat" as she held out a flaming pink rubber wetsuit. I
took one look at it and said, "I will not wear that stupid suit."
   "Goody," laughed one of the other girls, "a sign of resistance,
that means I can punish him with the sand and horse hair doesn't it
Miriam?"
   My interviewer just smiled and replied, "Of course Susan, if
that's what you want to do, but you don't have to wait for him to
behave badly. He is here to give us pleasure, he is an object to be
used. He voluntarily signed away his right to be considered a
person. After all you don't ask your shoes if they want to be worn
and you don't ask the toilet if it is ready before you sit down? Do
you?"
   The girls face beamed with glee as she said "No, of course not,
I wasn't thinking" and she then raised a plastic bag full of horse
hair, sand and itching powder and carefully emptied the contents
into the rubber suit while another woman held it open. "Oops, sorry
Ruth, I've got some on your fingers" Susan said as she finished her
task.
   "No problem" was Ruth's reply as she stepped forward and pressed
her stiletto heel hard into my foot. I squealed with pain but she
just pushed her soiled fingers into my mouth so that I was forced
to clean them with my tongue. My mouth tasted awful, and my foot
was throbbing, as Ruth casually said, "I never realised how handy a
peddle bin can be". 
   They then grabbed me, striped me and then forced me into the
suit as I struggled vainly surrounded by a ocean of their womanly
scent amid their impish laughter. The suit was worse than I had
thought. It was 2 sizes too small so it pulled very tight and I was
already itching all over.

I looked down at myself and tears of frustration and fear ran down
my cheeks as I saw the words, "I'M HERE TO PLEASE. PLEASE ABUSE
ME!" written across my chest. What perverted camp had I fallen into
I wondered as my mind raced trying to think of a way out of this
situation. Miriam then said, "This is the last time I, or any one
else, will talk to you, so listen hard. You are now the pink coat,
a toy to be used, for our special female only holiday camp. We have
a maximum of 50 guests at any one time, all of which belong to a
secret society for domineering women. They all despise men and like
to cause them as much suffering as possible. They have come here to
relax and carry out their secret wishes. You have agreed to be an
object for them to use. There is no possible escape as you will
always be hampered by some form of restraint and the contract will
be used the keep you if necessary. When not needed you will be kept
in the toy cupboard. You will not speak ever again."
   "You must be mad!" I shouted and struggled to get free, "You
can't possibly hope to get away with that."
Zoe, the third woman, then smiled and said "Shall I administer it
now?"
   "Of course, his pleas are only his last minute cold feet. He
really wants to take part or he wouldn't have signed...would he?"
laughed Miriam. Zoe then injected my neck with a green fluid. My
throat started to burn and I asked 
   "What was that for?"
   "The pain will wear off in a week but his vocal cords will be
dissolved by tomorrow evening" Zoe said to Miriam totally ignoring
me.
   "Shame it takes so long" Miriam said.
   "Yes" Susan added "the guests would like to use it today. Still
can't be helped, we might as well put it away till tomorrow."
   "OK" agreed Ruth, "Anyway, I could do with something to eat
now."  I was then frog marched out of the room by the evil bunch
into the outer office and then towards a door marked TOY CUPBOARD.
Susan opened the door and started to cough at the stale smell that
greeted her. She turned round and said "Sorry Miriam, I never
thought any one would want to be kept by us. I haven't cleaned our
old changing locker yet."
   "Don't worry dear, turn the heater on and it will dry out a bit
in a few days. It shouldn't damage the toy too much."

I looked into the cupboard to see a small room 3' wide, 2' deep and
8' high. Near the top of the back wall there was a strong hook and
below it a series of straps. Susan threw a switch just outside the
door and I soon saw the red glow of electric bars coming from the
ceiling. Horror over came me and I started to struggle hard and
shouted "BITCHES, LET ME GO! YOU CAN'T DO THIS!" but already my
voice was weaker and my throat hurt even more. They didn't even
acknowledge my outburst but just thrust me into the cupboard and
pushed a loop hanging from the back of my suit over the hook. They
then strapped me to the wall at my chest, waist, knees and ankles
whilst Miriam stuck the copy of the contract I had signed to the
inside of the door. She then stood back with her hands on her hips
and said,
   "There he can now read that in peace and we can all look at it
when we want a reminder of what he wanted." She then added "I think
this deserves a celebration" as the door was slammed in my face. I
was plunged into total darkness apart from the little light that
came under the door and the red glow on the ceiling. The room was
already very hot and smelt of stale sweat. I was doomed, my tongue
was still covered in hairs, my foot aching and my throat roar. The
straps held me tightly so I couldn't relieve my itching as I heard
the click of the womens heals leaving the reception outside.

I was left in my cramped cell for hours, expecting to be left alone
until the following day. Then I heard some movement in the
reception outside followed by womens voices. I strained my ears as
hard as I could and heard,
   "Hello Celia, what can I do for you at this time of night?"
   "Oh Zoe, it's my old feet problem. They get very hot and sweaty
during the day but at night they get cold and I was wondering if
you have a hot water bottle that I could borrow for the night."
   "I can do better than that" was Zoe's reply, "We have got a pink
coat at long last. It can be used to keep your feet warm."
   "Ha, Ha, Ha, you're joking. I know Miriam has always promised to
get someone but noone would volunteer for that job."
My heart began thumping, what evil plan did they have in store for
me now. I struggled futilely to get free. Then I heard Zoe make a
phone call to Susan and Ruth asking for their help. A short while
later I heard footsteps approaching my cupboard and the door was
opened. The bright light hurt my eyes and made me blink as I saw
the two women looking at me. Celia was about 5' tall with a very
curvaceous body wearing a black leotard with black tights and thigh
length black boots. They both took a step back and held their noses
at the heat and smell that came from my cupboard. Zoe said, "Oops
silly us we forgot the light, poor thing couldn't have been able to
re-read his agreement."
   "Leave me alone. Let me go. I haven't done anything to you." I
shouted as I tried to pull free from my bonds.
   "Sorry it has only just arrived and is still a bit squeaky until
tomorrow," Zoe said. "Read that notice while I get it ready for
you" she said pointing at my contract.
Zoe then proceed to seal my lips with strong elephant tape so that
I had to breath through my nose as Celia stood forward to read the
contract. Celia immediately burst into laughter as she read the
document with joy.
   "It must have been desperate to serve if it signed that. We'll
have to try hard to use it to it's full now wont we. After all we
can't disappoint it." At that statement they fell onto each other,
week with laughter. Anger pulsed through my veins as I had to watch
those women wallowing in my suffering and there was nothing I could
do. By the time they had recovered the other girls had arrived and
they quickly proceeded to undo my straps and placed a dogs choker
chain around my neck. Susan stuck her leg out in front of me as
Ruth pulled hard on my chain. Inevitably I fell to the floor but
Ruth didn't stop pulling the leash which was nearly chocking me. I
had no choice but struggled to crawl after her. Susan and Celia
followed taking it in turns to kick my exposed backside for their
added amusement.

We reached Celia's bedroom and I was led in straight to the end of
the bed. In no time my arms had been stretched to either side of
the bed and strapped to the brass bed end. Another strap had been
fed round the back of my head so that I was forced to keep my chin
on the mattress. Fortunately though, my legs were allowed to go
under the bed so that I was sitting facing the head of the bed.
Celia looked at my tear stained face and said, "Great, my feet
should be OK tonight and there is no chance my heater will leak
water or electrocute me. I'm expecting Jane to join me later and
boy will she get a surprise."
With that Susan and Ruth left saying, "Sweet dreams, but please
remember to return it to the cupboard in the morning. Don't forget
it is to be shared for all of our amusement."

I then had the short lived pleasure of watching Celia seductively
strip in front of me before she picked up an FD book and climbed
onto the bed to read it. She slid down the bed and placed her
sweaty feet firmly into my face. The smell was awful but I could
not pull back and was forced to breath through my nose. She then
nonchalantly flicked the duvet over her without even looking at me.
It fell over my head and down to the floor. I still had my itchy
suit on and quickly became hot in my stinking prison. As she read
she casually stroked my face with her toes and occasionally ground
her heel into my face. I was full of frustration as I couldn't
avoid the womens feet and it was so easy for her to make e suffer.
Much later I heard the door open and someone else come in.
   "Jane darling, I didn't think you were going to make it" Celia
said.
   "Sorry Celia, I got stuck on that bloody motor way. I was held
up for four hours in a 15 mile traffic jam. I should have been here
by 7:30 as I came straight from dance practice without even
changing."
   "Don't worry, you're here now, come to bed and we can enjoy
ourselves."
   "Oh, what I wouldn't do to a male slave now to relieve myself"
Jane said as I heard her undressing. Celia started giggling and
tapped my nose knowingly after that remark. I began to tremble,
what more can they do to me. 
   "Leave your dance tights on for a while" Celia cooed as she
clamped her toes round my nose so that I couldn't breath. I began
to panic, I thought I would suffocate, but I couldn't move and had
to endure whatever treatment my tormentress desired.
   "OK, if that's what you want, but not for too long, they are
quite sweaty" Jane replied and I then felt her climb onto the bed.
She then slowly slid down the bed rubbing herself her against Celia
as she went and I heard them moan with pleasure. When Jane's feet
reached the bottom of the bed Celia released the grip on my nose
and I inhaled as deeply as I could through my nose. It was
terrible, I gaged on the pungent smell of Jane's tight clad feet
and would have caughed had I not had the tape across my mouth. Jane
squealed and retracted her feet at once. 
   "What was that?" she asked, her voice quivering with excitement.
   "A pink coat, hot water bottle" replied Celia. The bed then
stared bouncing up and down as Jane broke into hysterical laughter.

   "You're joking, you don't, Ha Ha, Ha mean Ha, Ha, that Miriam
found a volunteer do you" Jane said as she gingerly extended her
feet towards my face again. She rubbed them all over my face and
said "Ooh, that's wonderful, I can feel it's breath between my
toes. I don't believe it can be true." She then pushed hard all
around my mouth and said, "Determined little thing isn't it? I
can't get my toes into the washing compartment and they could do
with a bath."
   "Ha, Ha, Ha, I'm not surprised" laughed Celia and suddenly the
duvet was lifted off of me as she added "See for yourself". The two
women smiled at my tear stained and blinking face half covered in
sticky tape.
   "Oh I feel better already but it should have made a better
effort to satisfy my aching feet" Jane said and she bent forward
and slapped my face hard 6 times. She then said "It looks quite
comfortable like that why don't we add a little extra diversion for
our amusement." 
   "OK if you want to but please hurry I'm feeling very horny.."
Jane left the room for a while and came back with a tray full of
sharp gravel.
   "Here, give me a hand. I have something to help our flower
blossom" Jane called to Celia. They both then forced the tray
underneath me to increase my misery.
   "You are evil, I was content with a hot water bottle" Celia then
said as they clasped each other in a strong kiss. When they finally
released each other after several minutes Jane breathlessly said,
"It's not my fault. That bloody motorway got me going and I've been
in these tights all day, including a 2 hour dance class. There very
sweaty and I can't wait to get them off". She then peeled them off
and effortlessly stretched the foul smelling hosiery over my head.
They then climbed back onto the bed and pulled the duvet back into
place.   "I am really going to enjoy this weeks holiday" Jane said.
They then started to embrace each other and I could here them
kissing and giggling as they tossed and turned kicking and pinching
my face with their feet all the time. Finally they settled down to
sleep with my face squashed between their toes.


end of part 2




         THE JOY OF BEING A HOLIDAY CAMP ENTERTAINER?
				Part 2

When they woke in the morning they got out of bed and I heard them
go the bathroom to wash and get dressed. They left me under the
duvet sweating away still sitting on the sharp gravel. When they
were ready to leave they flicked the duvet off and stood back to
look at me. They both looked formidable dressed in black leather
jump suits, with wide white belts tied around their delicate waists
and bright red ankle boots. Celia said, 
   "Unfortunately we have to share it. I agreed to return it to the
toy cupboard before breakfast".
   "Oh well at least that's on the way to the dining room" Jane
replied. They then bent forward unstrapped me and forced me to a
crawling position without removing my nylon mask. Celia picked up
the gravel tray and got on my back followed by Jane who put her
shapely legs over my shoulders so that I could see her petite feet
in front of me. I was full of fury as I remembered what torture
those feet had cause me last night. Without much ado Jane pulled
hard on the choker and I was forced to carry them to the reception
or be strangled. It wasn't much longer when I was strapped back in
my cupboard. Celia then forced the gravel tray under my feet as
Jane read my contract on the inside of the door. Jane sniggered
sadistically as she said, "He really must be enjoying himself if he
signed that, ha ha ha." She then added, "Pulling that leash has
given me pins and needles in my fingers" and slapped my nylon
covered face this way and that as hard as she could for 3 minutes.
"Oh that's better, this thing is very useful isn't it"
   "Yes" replied Celia, "but time for a hearty breakfast now don't
you think" and she slammed the door closed on me. I was now very
thirsty, starving hungry, having difficulty to breath, itched all
over, very hot, standing on gravel and in total darkness. But there
was nothing I could do as I heard the chuckling women leave the
reception.

I was left for hours and my sense of despair grew as the horror of
my predicament sunk in. It was hopeless, I was truly an object to
be exploited by these malicious women for their pleasure. Finally I
heard someone approaching and I tried to retreat dreading the next
ordeal I would be forced to endure. The door opened and I was
confronted with the impressive vision of Ruth and Zoe standing side
by side. Zoe said, 
   "Oh those bitches, this isn't the laundry cupboard any more"
and, much to my relief, ripped Jane's stinking tights off of my
head. She then very slowly pulled the tape off of my mouth saying,
"No need to rush this". I was in agony as it pulled hard at my
tormented lips. Ruth then stepped forward and said, 
   "Let's see if it's ready yet" and she grabbed and squeezed my
balls hard. I thought I was going to loose my manhood and went to
scream out but to my horror no noise uttered from lips. 
   "Ha, Ha, Ha, not a word of complaint, yes it's ready for the
race" Zoe said as they proceeded to undo my fetters. Zoe noticed
the gravel I was standing on and said, "Look at that! Those bitches
really like to leave their mark. We should have moved it this
afternoon. Still can't be helped the women are here to enjoy
themselves and no permanent damage is done."
   They then dragged me by my choker out of the cupboard and along
a series of corridors into the main hall of the camp. It was agony
as my feet were very sore and I noticed a clock showing the time as
8:00 PM. I had been left in that stinking cupboard all day. Finally
I was dragged into a darkened hall. All around the hall there were
women sat at tables drinking and enjoying themselves, there was a
cocktail bar along one wall and in the centre of the room there was
a raised stage. I trembled with fear at the thought of what would
happen to me as I noticed a strange contraption on the stage. There
were four tubes, each about 8' long connected to a central
hemisphere supported on stilts about waist height. Each tube was
separated from the others by about 60 degrees and had sphere
attached to it's far end. I was dragged up onto the stage by Zoe
amid an uproar of cheers from the women. She then opened a zip at
my front and exposed my manhood for all to see. This caused even
more merriment in the crowd. Ruth and Zoe then mercilessly forced
me forward so that my privates entered the hemisphere. They then
relentlessly strapped me in position so that I couldn't extricate
myself from the network of tubing. I was petrified as I looked at
the tubes and noticed that they contained a series of plastic
partitions that could be lifted by levers. Then I noticed that each
sphere at the end of the tubes contained 3 large bees.  A short
while later Miriam came on stage carrying a large pair of pink
rubber mittens. 
   "These should make it hard to undo the buckles" she said and
gave them to Zoe. In no time my hands were confined in the mittens
and my fate for the evening was sealed.

Miriam then asked, "Are there any volunteers for the bee race?"
All of the women jumped up straining to be selected. "Wonderful,
I'm glad to see you're all entering the spirit of this sport. Don't
worry you will all get a turn at some form of entertainment before
the week's up and those lucky ones amongst you staying for a
fortnight will get double the chances." She then selected 4 women
at random from the audience. They came up on stage giggling and
chatting full of nervous excitement. Miriam explained that the
winner would be the woman who was first to get her 3 bees to the
target, ME. They would have to lift each partition in turn to
encourage the bees progress down the tubes but only one partition
could be lifted at any one time.
   "Place your bets now" Miriam announced and I saw Ruth, Zoe and
Susan collecting money from women round the room. This lasted for
about half an hour and I was numb with fear at the spectacle in
prospect for me. During this time the 4 women on stage each came up
to me in turn and took delight in seeing the terror in my eyes.
They joked at the size of my tool and one said "Boy I don't think
12 bees will be able to get on that thing."
   "No" another idly added "Perhaps the stings will help it to
grow" and they all laughed. I tried to plead for mercy but nothing
came out of my mouth and I faught vainly to free the straps holding
me to the apparatus. This just added to the pleasure of my audience
who said "Looks like a cross between a floundering turtle and a
goldfish doesn't it"

Finally the bets had been placed and the women around the room were
looking on with sadistic expectations sipping at their various
cocktails. Miriam called them to attention and said, 
   "Take up your positions girls and may the best woman win". She
then squeezed a pipet at the top of each bee globe and added "This
will make sure the bees are angry and ready to sting. They hate
this perfume" The bees immediately started to buzz around wildly
and one of the contestants said,
   "How cruel, those poor bees haven't done anything to harm any
one" Tears flooded down my cheeks and the hall erupted into
laughter. When they had settled down Miriam said "GO".

The women immediately bent forward and started lifting the
partitions in sequence encouraging the angry bees slowly toward my
exposed manhood. I could see down the front of the womens figure
hugging tops as their magnificent boobs bobbled about in their
frantic efforts to win the race. In other circumstances I would
have welcomed the view but now they just appeared to be mocking me.
Various women called out to encourage the contestant they had
backed laughing at my pathetic attempts to free myself before it
was too late. I was full of terror but resigned to the inevitable.
After about half an hour of careful manipulation the first bee
entered my enclosure buzzed around, settled on my tool and stung
me. I nearly collapsed in agony but the victorious woman, to the
delight of the crowd, just jumped up and down with joy and slapped
me in her excitement. The cheering in the audience now reached a
fever pitch as the second, third etc bees entered my domain and
promptly stung me. When all of the bees had finished the race the
chattering was deafening and I saw money exchanging hands. Miriam
returned to the stage and held the winners hand high saying,
   "Congratulations, you have one yourself a free bottle of
champagne and a massage by the pink coat in the sauna."
   "Oh, Thank you, I will enjoy the champagne as I remember the
look on it's face when I won." the victorious woman replied. The
women then left the stage and returned to their tables to continue
their relaxing evening drinking and talking. I was left on display
for the rest of the evening in total agony wondering how far these
women intended to push me. My manhood had now swollen to twice it's
normal size as the bees continued to buzz around in their prison.
I tried frantically to get free but the mittens made the task
impossible and my feeling of helplessness and frustration grew all
the more.

Late in the evening Zoe, Susan and Ruth returned to the stage and I
thought I would finally be released. Zoe looked at the bees still
flying around with zest and said
   "Phew, they still look angry. I wonder how we can get them out
without getting stung" whilst she looked at Ruth with a rye smile
on her face.
   "Just can't think" was Ruth's reply. "Let's stop him banging the
bowl and perhaps they will go to sleep."
   "Good idea" was Susan's reply. Then my heart sank as I saw them
pull a large conical leather garment up from under the stage. They
then pulled my arms behind my back and forced them into the
garment. Moments later my arms had been bound together behind me
making me feel even more vulnerable than before.
   "There, that's better" Ruth said as she playfully ran her
fingers through her long black hair behind her and they left the
stage again. Just before Ruth stepped down she provocatively bent
over to check the seems of her stockings. I was left with the sight
of her bare buttocks peeping out under her mini skirt which she
deliberately rolled from side to side. I could see the women round
the hall enjoying themselves chatting and drinking and by now most
of them had started to loose interest in my plight as they were
getting bored with it. This made my agony even worse, how could
they treat me like this.

I thought my ordeal was coming to an end when one of the buxom bar
maids came up on stage carrying a pint of lager. Oh relief at last,
my mouth was parched and I still had some hairs in it left over
from the evening before. The barmaid was a vision of beauty dressed
in her french maids outfit and she came and pressed herself up to
me and said,
   "Thanks for volunteering to be a pink coat. Before you came they
used to treat me badly but tonight I have got nearly 500 pounds in tips.
Just to show my appreciation I have prepared you this nice warm
drink." Warm lager, doesn't this bar maid know anything I thought,
as she offered the glass up to me. I caught a whiff of the smell
emanating from the glass and with revulsion immediately realiased
what she had meant. I sealed my lips as tight as I could and pulled
my head back in disgust. The women in the audience were taking an
interest again and started laughing,
   "Doesn't seem to like the house cocktail does it Claudine" was a
jeering call from the audience. Claudine turned to the audience and
said,
   "Perhaps this will make him change his mind" and she clasped
another pipet that was connected to the container around my
manhood. She then licked her lips and turned to me and said, 
   "Drink this or I will provoke the bees again."
Tears of humiliation ran down my cheek as I capitulated to her
abhorrent demand and lent forward toward the glass. Anything but
another stinging I thought. Claudine raised the glass to my lips
and gloated triumphantly as she was greeted with applause. It was
horrid and I tried to gulp the foul liquid down as fast as I could
to minimize my humiliation. 
   "Not too fast dear, we don't want to choke." Claudine said as
she lowered the glass a little to make it more difficult to drink.
"You should sip champagne and savor it. After all it has taken a
lot of personal attention to prepare. Take your time and enjoy it's
delicate bouquet." I was then made to effectively beg her with my
actions for the rest of the atrocious drink.

After what seemed an eternity the glass was finally empty and I
felt relieved. Claudine raised the glass for all to see and then
left the stage. Much to my horror, about an hour later Claudine
returned with another glass and said, 
   "Here, with the compliments of the women on table 13." 
   "Unlucky for some" came a chorus from the audience followed by
uncontrolled laughter. I was then once again forced through the
mocking ritual of pleading for the squalid drink by my actions or
suffer the consequences with my throbbing manhood. Claudine then
turned to the audience and mischievously called out, 
   "Does anybody else have anything for it while I'm here?"
   "Yes, over here" a woman called out and I saw a beautiful red
head bend over to retrieve something from under her table. As she
went to sit up again another woman lent forward and accidentally(?)
knocked a glass ash tray off of the table. It fell into a full four
pint jug that the other woman was lifting and quickly sank to the
bottom emptying it's contents on the way. Bits of ash floated about
and numerous cigarette stubs bobbed about on the surface of the
repugnant liquid. Claudine called out,
   "Don't worry, I will be over to collect it" and quickly left the
stage to harvest my next treat. When she reached the table the red
head said,
   "I hope I will get a clean ash tray. There is no way I would put
my hand into that filth, even if I had rubber gloves on!"
   "Of course madam" Claudine enthusiastically replied, "That lot
is only fit for the waste disposal unit" as she carefully took the
jug and returned to the stage. My stomach was heaving at the
thought of what was to come. Claudine took delight in prolonging my
suffering as she raised the jug up toward the spot light so that
the bits floating around in the amber concoction could be clearly
seen. I refused to look and turned away to be greeted with the
sight of many grinning faces in the audience glaring at me with
malicious intent. Several women had cuddled up to each other and
were stroking and kissing each other drunk on the pleasure of my
suffering. Claudine, with an air of indifference to my plight just
calmly extended her hand to my stomach and slowly ran her hand
threateningly down toward the pipet. I realised I had no real
choice and turned to beg her for my next offering. This gave her
obvious pleasure as I saw her shiver with the power she had over
me. She then giggled insolently as she raised the jug, with it's
putrid contents, to my lips and said,
   "Looks like the sucker wants more." It was absolutely foul and I
had to chew the fag ends so that I could swallow them. Every mouth
full made me gag with revulsion. Periodically Claudine lowered the
jug and spun it round saying, "Don't want to leave all the bits on
the bottom do we girls" just to grind in the full hopelessness of
my situation. I tried as hard as I could but I just couldn't finish
the entire contents of the jug. Surely they couldn't expect me to
drink 6 pints just like that I thought. For the first time I saw
compassion in Claudine's eyes as she lowered the almost empty jug
and said,
   "Oh well, perhaps that was a little too much for the disposal
unit." 
She set the jug down and went to leave the stage but just as she
was about to step off she turned and the look on her face had
changed. She looked very serious and swallowed hard as she extended
her hand toward the pipet. "But you promised" I strained to call
out but all I generated were puffs of air. The audience gasped in
astonishment at her action and then started to laugh hilariously.
Claudine huskily said,
   "What do you think I am. Do you expect to bring you all these
drinks and not get any pleasure my self" as she squeezed the pipet.
The buzzing immediately increased and I realised that my efforts
had been in vain. She then picked up the jug and left the stage
swinging it idly back and fro without giving me another look. I
watched her beautiful body descend through my tear filled eyes. My
terror, and all the drinks, had an inevitable effect and I started
to relieve myself unashamedly into the hemisphere. The pain was
agony as my opening was almost closed by the swelling but I just
couldn't stop myself. I looked down and saw the contraption slowly
filling. It wasn't long and the bulb was full drowning the bees.
This caused an uproar. Women started shouting 
   "It shouldn't be allowed", "Those bees had done no harm", "Let's
get the bastard" etc.

Miriam quickly got on the stage to calm the audience down and said,
   "Don't worry girls you will get your chance to avenge those poor
unfortunate bees on Wednesday when we play the tank game. Please
keep calm and patient for now."
Zoe, Ruth and Susan were quick to join Miriam and they released me
from the contraption allowing the contents of the hemisphere to
fall into a bucket. Zoe giggled,
   "At least there was no chance of us getting stung now."
I was then quickly marched out of the room but on the way I was
punched and kicked by many angry women. In no time at all I was
being strapped to the wall of my cupboard again. I was very sore
but relieved to be out of the hall. Ruth turned and said,
   "Better leave it's thing out to recover tonight".
   "Yes," replied Zoe, "we can pop it back tomorrow. We'd better
give it some food in the afternoon as well."
   "OK, we can get the dustbin ready in the morning. I'm to horny
to do it now"
   "Me too, let's go to bed" Zoe answered and the door was closed
in my face again. My mind was racing as I heard their dainty heels
clack off into the distance outside my cupboard leaving me in my
dark prison. Will I ever get away from this hell I wondered as I
tried pointlessly to get comfortable for the long night ahead of
me.

end of part 2




         THE JOY OF BEING A HOLIDAY CAMP ENTERTAINER?
				Part 3

I had been alone for what seemed hours when I heard some giggling
outside.
   "Look the toy cupboard! it's bound to be in here" came a merry
voice.
   "Yes, I think your right" another voice replied. Then the door
opened widely and I was confronted with the sight of two women I
hadn't seen before. They took a step back and started laughing. I
couldn't see there faces because of the bright lights behind them
which made their hair look like halos and their silhouettes were
overwhelmingly foreboding. They then stepped forward and read my
contract on the inside of door with unrestrained laughter and one
of them asked,
   "Why would anyone want to sign that?"
   "Because he wants to give us pleasure of course" came the reply.
   "Yes, I suppose your right Lynda"
   "Ha, Ha, am I ever wrong Carol?" 
   "No, not when it comes to slaves. Still time we tried out our
new gadget, after all we need to know if it will work when we get
home" was Lynda's reply. I then noticed that Carol was holding a
wide object with straps at either end as she stepped into the
cupboard and bent down. Moments later Lynda joined her and they
both started to undo the straps around my legs and ankles. Oh no,
what now, I dreaded as I felt them pulling my legs apart until they
would go no further. They then placed their gadget between my knees
and strapped it to my legs. When I was bound to their device they
stepped back to admire their handiwork and Carol said,
   "Shall I?"
   "Be my guest" was Lynda's reply as Carol started to lift her
foot up and down on what looked like a pump connected to the device
between my legs. The contraption started to expand and strained my
legs apart even more.
   "This is fun."
   "Yes, it actually works" Lynda said enthusiastically as she
leant forward to see my legs taking the unrelenting strain. I
didn't think I could take any more and struggled to release myself
from the bonds which only served to amuse the women even more. To
add to my sense of frustration Lynda stood up, looked at my
contorted face, and said,
   "It looks as though it's enjoying our toy, it's writhing with
pleasure."
   "I see what you mean" replied Carol. "You would have expected it
to thank us by now for our efforts, wouldn't you. This pumping is
making more poor legs ache just so it can enjoy itself."
   "Never mind I will gently massage your legs later as we relax
and reflect on our eventful day."
   "Leave me alone, let me go you bitches," I tried to shout. Lynda
just laughed loudly at my actions and said,
   "Look, it's trying to blow kisses at us. It must really love
us." She then pouted her lips at me and continued,
   "I would give it a kiss back but it's breath smells terribly....
it Ha, Ha, Ha, smells as though it's been out on the piss all
night. Ha, Ha, Ha"
   "Lucky thing" Carol replied as they chortled impudently and she
continued to inflate the device.

A few minutes later Carol stopped pumping, much to my relief, and
they stood back to bask in my anguish again.
   "We can use this as good deterrent in the borstal when we get
back" Carol said and then added, "Let's leave it on tonight to see
if it looses any pressure over night".
   "Of course" laughed Lynda as she leant forward, stood on the
pump one last time, extended her hand and vindictively flicked my
very sore and vulnerable manhood.
   "You didn't need to do that" Carol said with feigned concern.
   "No" replied Lynda who flicked me again and said, "Nor that, but
it's fun." They both started sniggering as they turned round and
closed the cupboard door on me. I couldn't believe how callous
these women could be. Why were they doing it? How could I stop
them? I can't stand this I shouted to myself as I heard them
leaving me to my fate.

I didn't get much sleep strapped to the wall as I was in my itching
suit, my manhood was still throbbing, I had a foul taste in my
mouth and my legs were almost pulled apart. Finally, I realised
that it must be morning when I heard many movements outside and I
looked forward to having my cramped legs released. To my
frustration no one came to release me and I cried to myself "How
can they leave me like this". Eventually, after many more hours my
door was opened and I was greeted with the smirking face of Zoe.
She was accompanied by two 6 foot tall Swedish looking women. They
each had long blond hair to their waists and were wearing figure
hugging bright red rubber catsuits with arm length black rubber
gloves. They gasped with amazement when they saw me and Zoe turned
over her shoulder and shouted,
   "It's alright Susan, Sandy and Mandy, the twins will feed it
today" 
Zoe then turned to the twins and said "it's all yours" before
leaving me with my new torturers. Sandy was the first to enter the
cupboard and she diffidently slipped my now shrunken tool back into
it's restraint. She was then helped by Mandy to release my leg
stretcher who said,
   "It must have enjoyed that last night" as she gaily continued to
undo my other straps. When I was finally freed I collapsed in a
state of total exhaustion. The women sighed saying, "Why do we get
all the hard work?" as they each grabbed a handful of my hair and
started to drag me in agony to the restaurant. I struggled to get
up to support myself but couldn't and I was forced to watch the
tight rounded buttocks of my tormentresses swaying in front of me
as I was pulled along. Just then Carol and Lynda returned, took one
look at me and sighed. Lynda then said, 
   "Had the stretcher gone down?"
   "Didn't really notice." Mandy replied with an air of
indifference.
   "Oh well, we'll have to try again tonight" Carol said. "Perhaps
if we tape a message to it's face who ever releases it next time
will measure the stretcher before unstrapping it."
   "Great idea" Lynda said as they both turned and left.
Mandy looked down at my tear filled eyes and said,
   "Lucky thing, you can try your toy out again tonight." 
The twins then proceeded to drag me to the restaurant.


It seemed an eternity before we got to the restaurant and I was in
agony as I thought my hair would fall out. When we finally entered
the large room I saw there was already a large number of women
seated waiting expectantly for their meal. They were all dressed in
elegant evening wear and the table was layed for a 5 course meal,
with at least 2 different wine glasses and a series of elegant
candlearbras down the centre. The women were all in a festive mood,
chatting furiously, eagerly awaiting the evening to unfold. Around
the edges of the room there were 8 other women dressed in similar
attire to Mandy and Sandy. I soon realised that they were servants
to the dominant guests of the holiday camp and would have to serve
them their meal. It wasn't long before I was spotted and the room
fell silent followed by a crescendo of clapping and a woman calling
out,
   "Three cheers for Miriam for providing entertainment while we
eat"
The excitement of the women grew as I was dragged to the far end of
the room. The twins were really enjoying themselves now and
provocatively swayed their hips as they took each step. As we
neared the end of the hall I saw a noose hanging from the ceiling
over a pulley which was tied to a bracket on the wall. I was
dragged remorselessly  to the noose and thought that this was the
end. However, the twins just grabbed my legs and slipped my ankles
through the noose and tightened it as hard as they could. Mandy
then untied the other end of the rope and they both started to
pull. To my horror I was raised upside down into the air and could
see the women round the room staring sadistically at me with
sinister smiles on their faces. My arms were then tightly bound
behind my back before I was raised still higher. When they were
satisfied the twins tied the rope to the hook in the wall as four
other waitresses placed a large, plastic covered, octagonal table
below me. Mandy then pushed me so that I started to swing back and
forth as the six women turned and left me to serve the women their
meals. This caused great laughter from the crowd who started
chanting TICK TOCK in time with my swings. What now?

The waitresses then started to serve the women their meal. I
noticed that the women were very fussy and on a number of occasions
forced the waitresses to change their starter for minor
imperfections such as the lemon with a prawn cocktail was too thin
or the toast with pate was not brown enough. Often, the waitresses
also received slaps to accompany their humiliation at having to
refresh the starters for perfunctory reasons. I was starving and
would gladly eat any of the food that was returned to the kitchens
but I got some delight from seeing the twins treated badly after
what they had done to me. It relieved me to understand that I
wasn't the only slave around the camp. What a fool I was, I had
forgotten that I was also the slaves plaything and that they would
relieve their frustrations on me! Soon all the women had a starter
of their choice and had been served with chilled white wine. The
waitresses then brought a tray of starters up to my table and
placed them below me. Mandy untied my rope and started to lower me
and I thought I was about to have my first much needed mouthfuls of
food. However, just before I was low enough to reach the food they
tied the rope to the hook again and I was overwhelmed by despair.
Oblivious to my predicament the teasing vixen sat at the table and
started to eat their meal. The women were now really enjoying
themselves and had started to drink their wine completely ignoring
my plight. Mandy then said, 
   "This is wonderful, I really needed this"
   "Me too" replied Sandy, "Those bitches really had us working
hard today, I'm glad we've got this thing to gratify ourselves
with" and she slapped my face hard. My face stung terribly as I
started to swing again. The rest of the girls round my table
laughed with glee and took it in turns to slap me. I was now
spinning with bright red cheeks and I started to sob at the useless
predicament I was in. Satisfied with their efforts the women raised
their wine glasses, knocked them together and said "Cheers." Mandy
then casually took another luscious mouthful of food and as she
chewed it smiled at my face swaying in front of her. My stomach
started to rumble and she slapped me again saying,
   "Manner's, can't you see we're eating". They all giggled and she
added "Oh this is so relaxing. It's a pity we have to work again
soon".
   "Let's make it more romantic" Sandy said as she lit a candle
that was in the centre of the table below me. Have these women no
pity I screamed to myself as a strained to keep my hair away from
the flame while they continued with their meal.

About half an hour later most of the starters had been finished and
the waitresses got up and took their plates into the kitchen area
leaving me straining to avoid the candle. Moments later they
returned to the dinning area each carrying a large Pink bucket
labeled swill bin. They then walked round the room and waited to be
called. As the women guests had had enough they would beckon a
waitress to them after having taken a final mouthful. They would
chew it for a while before spitting it into the bucket offered out
to collect the wasted food. I noticed Mandy turned away in disgust
as the foul spending slopped into her bucket. She then looked up at
me and smiled malevolently while she licked her lips. This process
was repeated until all of the starters had been cleared away. My
head was buzzing with horror as I started to realise the dreadful
fate I would soon endure for the pleasure of these evil women.

It wasn't long after that that the women around the hall were
eating their main coarse accompanied by a bottle of fine red wine
and the waitresses were seated around the table below me. Again I
had the frustration of smelling the delicious meal as they casually
ate savoring each mouthful. Mandy spilt some gravy down her chin
and quickly wiped it off with her napkin. She then sniggered
sinisterly as she looked up at me after having had an evil thought.
   "Here" she said, "you can suck on this while your waiting" as
she forced the material into my mouth. Then another of the
waitresses, Sharon, turned me round and pulled the napkin out of my
mouth while she was chewing. She then raised a fork to her mouth
and spat some half chewed meat onto it. 
   "That was a bit tough and chewy" she said as she offered the
scrap to me. I couldn't believe it and kept my mouth firmly closed.
That only made her smile as she relished my horror. One of the
waitresses behind me quickly swiped my backside hard and I opened
my mouth to howl in pain. Sharon said,
   "Thanks, that's better" as she popped the morsel into my mouth
closely followed by the napkin again. 
   "It's a bit reluctant to eat isn't" one of them said. Then
another added,
   "Yes, you would have thought it would be hungry by now. Perhaps
it needs some encouragement." The vixen took that opportunity to
slap me again as they continued to eat their feast. I was left
gagged, spinning and swinging back and forth by the candle until
they had finished that coarse. They then all rose again and
retrieved their buckets to collect the offerings from the female
guests. They continued to serve the rest of the courses in a
similar fashion and by now the buckets were becoming full of a foul
half chewed slop mixed in with any odd left overs that had been
tipped in. Each of the women, including the waitresses, had had at
least a bottle and a half of wine and were quite merry and bloated
now. This released them of their final inhibitions and their
sadistic nature was in full flow with me as the unfortunate object
that would feel the full force of their pleasure.

end of part 3




         THE JOY OF BEING A HOLIDAY CAMP ENTERTAINER?
				Part 4

When the last of the food had been cleared away the women were
served liqueurs with chocolate mints and started to smoke. The
waitresses returned to my table and took great delight in lighting
their cigarettes from the candle that had tormented most of the
evening. They idly sat back and blew smoke in my gagged face as
they contentedly digested their food. Mandy then said,
   "Wow, all that hard work has made my feet ache"
   "Mine too", replied Sandy, "Especially as we have to wear these
plastic ankle boots. They don't allow your feet to breath".
   "Might as well let them relax a while as it's food cools don't
you think" said Mandy as she stood up and released my rope. Sandy
laughed coarsely as she realised what Mandy meant and helped her to
lower me until my head was only about 2" above the table.
Fortunately for me one of the other waitresses removed the candle
just before I would have banged my head into it. They then sat back
down as all of them took their boots off and Sharon said,
   "That reminds me, I should have changed my tights last night"
another girl then caughed and said,
   "Phew, it's about time you bought those odour eaters Cheryl".
Cheryl casually replied "No need now we've got a portable foot
bath." That caused them to all break into giggles and Mandy leant
forward, removed my gag and said,
   "No need for that any more, you can nibble on cheese for a
while" and another then cooed,
   "How nice to finish a hearty meal with cheese and wine" as they
all leant back to put their feet up on the table to finish their
cigarettes and liqueurs in comfort. Their feet were firmly planted
about my head and I couldn't move. The smell was terrible and I had
difficulty to breath hanging upside down with my head wedged
amongst their dainty but stinking feet. They just continued to chat
as if I wasn't there occasionally stretching their toes and rubbing
their feet on me as they relaxed. After a while they used their
feet to slowly turn me round so that they all had a chance of
feeling my struggling breath through their malodorous toes.

About 3/4 of an hour later they felt relaxed and pulled their feet
away from my head a little. This was just the start of their next
game as Mandy took great delight in kicking my face so that I sung
away from her and then back again. This caused a great deal of
amusement from the crowd and Mandy almost wet herself with laughter
as she said,
   "Look how much it loves my stinking feet, no matter how hard I
kick it, it always comes back for more".
   "A real foot fanatic isn't it" Sandy replied as she was quick to
join in and soon I was like a suspended foot ball being forced this
way and that by all of their dominating feet. After a while Cheryl
said, "If it's so keen on our feet we should let it lick them.
After all they could do with a bath and it's time we let it have
some fun". I knew I had no choice but to join in their offense game
and as I was left to settle against the first woman's feet I
extended my tongue hoping that if I co-operated they would quickly
grow bored and set me free. The grimy, sweaty taste that greeted me
was far worse than I expected and I pulled back full of revulsion.
To my horror the squalid toes followed me and as the angle of my
head changed they easily slipped into my mouth. This caused great
delight as I then had no choice but to suck her toes for as long as
she wanted. My neck was aching under the strain and to increase my
humiliation she planted her other foot across my nose and wiggled
her toes making my breathing very difficult. The other waitresses
were soon squabbling over who should be next and I found my imposed
services in great demand for what seemed hours.

Finally, much to my relief, all of them were satisfied and they put
their their boots back on. Sandy then pinched my cheek full of
exuberance and said,
   "That was wonderful, working in this place is not going to be
that bad after all."
   "I agree" Mandy said, "I'm so glad Miriam was able to get a
volunteer."
   "The contract was so onerous I never thought anyone would sign"
another added as I was spun round. "The least we can do is feed it
now. We want it to last a while don't we and it wont survive on
cheese alone." I was then left suspended and spinning with the
smell and taste of their feet impregnated on my nose and tongue as
they returned laughing to the kitchen. Moments later they came back
with a large empty plastic dustbin which caused a roar of approval
from the guests that were still enjoying the spectacle of my
suffering. They carried it to the table below me and carefully
slipped it under me and set it down. I was now suspended with my
head inside the bin resting on the table. Moments later I felt
myself being lowered further into the horrid thing until my head
touched the bottom. My rope was tied off again and then one of the
vicious vixen started to bang the dustbin. The noise was deafening
and she called out, 
   "Dinner's ready" which caused the crowd to cheer again. I looked
up and I saw the smiling faces of the waitresses peering down at me
over the rim of the bin. One of them said,
   "Here comes your long awaited delicious meal" and then they all
stood back. The next appalling sight that greeted me was the rims
of the pink buckets ascending over the edge of my bin. I watched in
disgust as they were then slowly tipped and their foul contents
slopped down on me. Hungry as I was there was no way I would eat
that muck, or so I thought. I sealed my lips tight as the rancid
slops started to build up around my head. Just as it rose above my
eyes the pouring stopped. I then heard a woman's voice say,
   "That should be enough for now, it can eat if it strains". I
remained motionless hoping that they would leave me alone. Alas,
the next thing I heard was, "stubborn little runt needs some
encouragement" followed by the women spitting down on me. Then the
pouring then continued until it had risen above my mouth. I was
terrified, I couldn't breath and I didn't want to open my mouth. I
struggled to lift my head and just succeeded in freeing my head
from the muck when I saw Miriam's beaming face looking down into
the bin. She said,
   "Silly girls you haven't opened the peddle bin yet" and then I
saw her reach up to my waist. Without any further warning she
grabbed my manhood and squeezed with all her might. A searing pain
shot through me as I was still recovering from the bees the
previous night and I fell back into the muck opened mouthed. I
inevitably got a mouthful of the gunge and I could hear the women
above laughing gaily. I started to chew and Miriam relaxed her grip
a little. I was now resigned to once again yield to their horrible
game as I struggled hard to swallow my first mouthful in my
inverted position. As I swallowed I saw an array of smiling faces
looking down at me. When I had finished the first mouthful Mandy
cheerfully said,
   "Take some more then" and with fear and revulsion I turned my
head and took another mouthful of the slop. Whilst I was chewing
the nauseous substance one of the other girls said,
   "Learns fast for a pink coat...it must be enjoying
itself....let's give it the rest".
   "Ok", came a chorus and their tormenting faces disappeared to be
replaced with the horrid buckets dispensing their contents on me.
Soon the dustbin was 3/4 full and I was buried up to my waist. I
panicked at started to wriggle violently thinking that I would be
half drowned and half suffocated. After about a minute I was
relieved to feel my feet being pulled up by the rope. I was slowly
pulled out of the muck and finally left it with a plopping noise.
The whole room was in a frenzy of delight as I gulped in mouthfuls
of air and I felt the foul mixture dripping off of me into the bin
below. I looked over at the rope and saw Mandy and Sandy holding it
and Mandy had let the end go between her legs so that it stimulated
her further as I was raised and lowered. I couldn't stand the
torture any more and I tried to call out for mercy. The women just
roared with laughter and one of the guests called out,
   "Poor thing, it must be starving, look it's trying to get some
more food."
   "Yes lower it into the bin for more" shouted another.
   "If that's what you want" Mandy said and she relaxed her grip a
little. I started to descend again and I could see the rope rubbing
between Mandy's legs. She arched her back in delight and bit her
lips in sexual ecstasy. The last thing I saw before I plunged deep
into the muck was her closing her eyes with satisfaction. I
reluctantly took another mouthful and started to chew and swallowed
trying hard to ignore the taste. Just as I thought I would
suffocate again I was heaved out of the concoction to be jeered at
again for the pleasure of the guests. I noticed that Mandy had been
replaced by Sharon who then took her turn at reaching an orgasm at
my expense. The evening continued like this with me eating more and
more of the foul food and each of the women having sexual
gratification at the same time. My despair had grown to the point
that I hoped they would leave me in for too long so that my
suffering would end. Alas the women had an uncanny sense of the
extent of my endurance and continued to stretch me to the limit
luxuriating in my anguish.

After a long time the waitresses could take no more pleasure and
they tied me to the hook again and left me dangling over the bin
while they sat down to recover. My belly was now full and I
couldn't have eaten another thing. I then saw Zoe, Susan and Ruth
approaching with a large plastic sheet closely followed by Miriam.
When they reached us the waitresses were quickly ushered to clear
up the table and bin as Zoe and Ruth layed the plastic sheet on the
floor. Ruth had gone with the waitresses and she returned with them
carrying another large dustbin. They placed that down below me and
then Miriam pulled a cord which opened a curtain at the other end
of the room to reveal a large cannon. She then turned to the guests
and said,
   "Please help to clean it up and you can then use it for more fun
later" as she pointed at the cannon. The guests stood back and some
went toward the cannon. I saw Jane then aim the cannon at me as she
squeezed a sort of trigger. Immediately a powerful jet of freezing
cold water spurted towards me and hit me with it's full force
before draining into the bin and plastic sheet below.
   "Great shot" shouted one of the audience as I gasped. The jet
was very strong and it took my breath away. I couldn't resist the
force of the water and started to spin. This increased the joy of
the women who were then fighting to have a go at firing at me. I
was soon freezing as they tried to force me this way and that under
the force of the water. Soon I was clean again but the women
continued with their game. At one time they managed to hit me full
in the face and I thought I would drown. When the women had finally
grown bored of this new torment Zoe lowered me toward the plastic
sheet and said,
   "Have a drink while you can" as she tied me in a position where
my shoulders were touching the floor. I was grateful for the chance
to drink clean water and strained hard to get every mouthful I
could. The guests now started to leave the room for the ball room
in search of other entertainment as the waitresses cleared away the
bin and other plastic sheets. Every now and then one of the bitches
stepped up to me and splashed my face with her boot and swung her
foot to force yet more water toward me. I then heard one of them
say,
   "This is a great way to clean your boots but I'm glad the're
water proof now".
   "It's not bad" replied another, "But tomorrow, after our cross
country run we may prefer a more direct method."
   "Of course, variety is the spice of life isn't it" laughed Mandy
who then added, "Anyway, I don't think we could force any more into
the waste disposal unit today" as she mischievously taped my
bloated stomach. She was looking directly into my eyes as she
stamped her foot hard splashing water into my desperate face. I
then felt someone grab my legs and I turned round to see Cheryl
holding me for balance as she raised her left boot and said,
   "My boot is still a bit mucky, it could do with a polish." She
then scuffed her boot back and forth across my chest several times
taking the wind out of me. To my grief I then felt myself being
raised again and once more I was tied upside down high above the
ground. The final sheet was carefully removed below me and the
women went to leave the room. The lights were turned off and just
before the door was closed I heard Ruth say,
   "We can put it back in the cupboard later when it's dried off"
   "Yes" replied Susan, "Come on let's hurry to the ball room, we
don't want to miss tonight's cabaret."
   "I've been looking forward to hearing The Domanatrix they have a
great reputation" Zoe added as the door closed and I was left
hanging in darkness with my arms bound behind me.

Hours later the door opened and in came Zoe and Ruth giggling away
full of mirth.
   "That group were great" Zoe said.
   "Some of their songs were a bit lewd but they have certainly
given me some great ideas for new games" Ruth replied. They then
went quickly to the wall and let me down with a bump. Without
looking at me they used the rope to drag me out of the restaurant
towards the reception. We passed by the ball room and I noticed
that there was still a large number of women enjoying themselves
and a disco had started up. I was relieved that I wouldn't be taken
in there for yet more torment this evening but just then the door
opened and two staggering women walked out. They were obviously
tipsy and leant on one another for support. They had tight mini
skirts on and I could see their white panties straining under their
skirts from my lowly position. One of them said,
   "Hic, Oh look at that, do you think we can, hic, catch a lift,
hic". Zoe looked down at my contorted face, smiled, and said,
   "Of course you can, it's here to be used" and started sniggering
at the thought of me suffering yet further. The women then
staggered toward me as I looked terrified at their bright red
stiletto healed shoes. I could not avoid them as they neared me but
to my relief they casually lifted their legs and took their shoes
off before stepping onto me.
   "Don't want to puncture the thing" one of them laughed as they
struggled to balance on me. What mercy I thought as I struggled
under the wait of the two women. I could see their rounded cheeks
bobbling about above me as they twisted this way and that on me
while I was dragged to reception. Their balance wasn't very good
and they kept on stamping on me as they nearly fell off.

With great relief we reached the reception and the women went to
get off of me but one of them slipped. She fell ontop of me with
her full weight and took the wind out of me. She just sniggered and
said,
   "That was lucky, I could have heart my self."
   "Oh, my poor thing" the other women said and the woman on top of
me rolled over and landed up sitting on my face. My nose was forced
between her buttocks and I thought I would suffocate as she said,
   "I'll just, Hic, sit here for a while until I, hic, have
recovered" as she swung her legs round to face me feet so that she
was more comfortable.
   "No hurry my dear" her friend said with concern as she stepped
over me and sat on my midriff. "Let me console you". The women then
hugged each other without even considering how I felt underneath
them. I then heard Zoe say to Ruth, 
   "Looks like they will be there for a while let's grab a coffee"
   "I think you're right Zoe" Ruth replied and I heard the clacking
of their heels as I was left in my crushing position. The women
ontop of me were now oblivious to the rest of the world and started
to fondle each other. They were kissing and moving this way and
that and I was having great difficulty to breath, especially as my
arms were still strapped behind me. After a while the woman on my
waist leant back causing the woman on my face to lean forward
releasing my face a little from her fetid nickers. What mercy I
thought as I inhaled deeply through the damp nylon material
clinging to my nostrils. Then to my horror she farted long and
loud. The warmth round my face was horrid and the stench atrocious
as I had no choice but to breath in the heinous gas. That filthy
act spurned them on even more and their actions grew more frantic
above me as my suffering increased. After what seemed an eternity
their entwined bodies went stiff and jerked as they had a terrific
orgasm. The spending of their ecstasy dribbled down onto me as they
gently relaxed ontop of me. When they had recovered they sat up
again and the woman on my face let another pungent fart lose into
my nostrils. This time they both giggled and one of them said,
   "Quick let's go before that catches up with us". They climbed
off of me and then rather unsteadily put their stiletto shoes back
on while I had to endure the smell from their buttocks.

They then left the reception just as Zoe and Ruth returned with
their half drunk coffee. The women said,
   "Thanks, you can put it back now" and Zoe replied,
   "Good, I hope you enjoyed yourselves."
   "We did" the women giggled as they staggered to their bedroom
for the night. Zoe and Ruth then turned their attention to me by
throwing the remains of their coffee over me as Zoe said,
   "That coffee is awful, we'll have to get a better vending
machine."  They then started to unstrap my arms so that I could be
put back into the cupboard. Ruth then said,
   "Why not leave it like this for a change."
   "Ha, Ha, Ha, you're evil but I don't mind, I'm feeling a bit
tired" Zoe replied and they then thrust me into the cupboard
without freeing my arms. I was soon hooked and strapped onto the
back wall again and Ruth said,
   "Just wrap the rope round it's legs for now. If it's not used
tomorrow it'll save a bit of time at dinner time." Soon they had
wrapped the rope that had tormented me all evening all round my
legs restricting my movement even further. Just as they were about
to close the door Zoe noticed the leg stretcher and said,
   "Blast! I had forgotten about that. Carol and Lynda will be
annoyed."
   "Never mind" Ruth calmly said, "They can put it on themselves if
they come back tonight and if not they can just vent their anger on
the thing for not reminding us."
   "You're right as ever" Zoe said as she kissed Ruth and they
closed the door on me again. I was then left for another night in
my stinking cupboard of terror wishing my ordeal would come to an
end.

A while later I heard a someone enter reception and ask,
  "Do you have a toe nail clipper I can borrow for the night?"
  "Certainly, we've got one that even dispenses with the toe nails,
follow me" was the reply and I heard the clacking of the womens
high heels approaching the cupboard. OH NO LEAVE ME ALONE I
screamed in my head as the door began to open..............

To be continued?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gracko


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





