BDSM Library - The Lunch Hour




The Lunch Hour
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A rather unorthodox lunch break.
The Lunch Hour



~~~ Him ~~~

'6:30 a.m.; what an ungodly time of the day,' Nick thought as he came out of the
fog of a deep sleep.  'Why can't the day start at nine?'

During most of the year, his wife Penny would be up to shower as soon as the
alarm went off at 6:30, while he got up to let the dog out.  Penny was a
teacher, so now that summer had arrived, she could sleep in as late as she
wanted.  So now their morning routine usually started with her elbow in his
ribs, trying somewhat in vain to wake him.

Not wanting to start the day with bruises, he clambered out of bed before she
could poke him.  Climbing into the shower, the jet of cold water hit him,
jerking his brain from slumber to consciousness.  He finished waking up as the
water shifted from cold to warm to steaming hot.  That's when he started to
think of his special plans for the day, and not for the first time he began to
have second thoughts.  'Maybe I should wait.  What if she isn't in the mood
today?'

'No,' he said firmly to himself, his resolve hardening.  'She agreed to this,
and besides, I've been planning for far too long to wait any longer.'

He had told Penny the night before that he had something special in store for
her at lunchtime today.  She had been intrigued and had wanted to know exactly
what he had in mind.  All he had told her was there would be a note of
instructions on the kitchen table in the morning, and that she should be out of
bed by 9:30 to have time to get showered and dressed before noon.  Of course, it
wouldn't take her that long to shower, but she would need time to run the dog a
couple times, and their year-old Lab/Sheppard pup still had a lot of energy to
expel.

His only response to her continuing questions had been that she would have to
wait and see.  In the end she had agreed, albeit reluctantly.

As he turned off the water and reached for a towel, he mentally walked through
his preparations.  He had gone over this in his head and on paper so many times,
he was sure he hadn't missed anything.  And yet he still had a nagging doubt
that he had forgotten something.  He wanted everything to go without a hitch, so
he started to carefully step through his plan one last time.  Finally he decided
there was no use worrying about it, and had to trust that everything would work
out as he intended.

Penny had gotten up while he was in the shower to let the dog out and then had
gone back to bed.  The dog roamed around the house, following Nick as he
prepared for work.  He shaved and got dressed a little more quickly than usual,
needing the extra few minutes to make some last-minute preparations.

Once he was ready for work, he put the dog in her kennel in the basement and
then quietly made his way back upstairs.  Closing the door to the master
bedroom, he walked down the hall to the spare bedroom at the other end of the
house.  The night before he had stashed everything he needed for today in the
spare bedroom closet while Penny had been outside running the dog.

He glanced at his watch and saw that he had about 15 minutes before he had to
leave.  More than enough time to double check everything.  First he made sure
the note for Penny was on the dresser; he would have to remember to put it on
the kitchen table before he left.  Picking up the note, he skimmed through its
contents, mentally checking off each of the assorted items that were spread out
on two TV stands next to the bed.  'We really should invest in a nightstand or
two for this room,' he laughed to himself as he re-sorted the items on the
rickety old stands.  After thoroughly checking the contents of each stand, he
covered them with towels, one green and one red.

After ensuring that neither of their cats had snuck into the room while he
wasn't looking, and grabbing the note for his wife, he closed the door and made
his way to the kitchen, leaving the note on the table at Penny's seat.  Then he
went back to the master bedroom; opening the door he found his wife sleeping
lightly on her side, with the aforementioned cats curled up at her feet.

He sat down on the edge of the bed beside her and gently shook her shoulder. 
"I'm heading out," he said as she rubbed the sleep out of her eyes.  "I left the
note for you on the table," he said once he thought she was awake enough to
actually hear what he was saying.  "It will tell you everything you need to
know.  OK?"  Mentally he finished the thought, 'Everything you need to know, but
not necessarily everything you want to know.'

She nodded her agreement, still half asleep and not feeling like having a
conversation.

"Be sure to read it as soon as you get up and about.  Oh, and don't go into the
corner bedroom until you've read the note."

"OK," she croaked, her voice not yet awake, then coughing lightly she tried
again.  This time she sounded more like herself when she answered, "OK."

"Well, I should go.  Have a good morning."

"You too," she replied.

"Sweet dreams.  Love you," he said, then knelt down to kiss her before leaving
the room, being sure to leave the door ajar so the cats could come and go while
she slept. 

He envied her being able to sleep in, but had never envied her job.  'Give me
brainless users and difficult clients over a class full of kids any day,' he
thought, not for the first time.  'Two months of vacation per year sounds great,
but I'm still not convinced it's worth it!'  Images of a roomful of screaming
kids began running through his mind, and he shivered despite the warmth of the
early morning sun.  Shaking off those unpleasant thoughts, he locked the front
door and jumped in his car, eager to get on with his day.





~~~ Him ~~~

He worked as a consultant for a small firm, and enjoyed the freedom of
flexibility in his hours.  He would be taking advantage of that freedom today. 
Arriving at his desk a few minutes before eight, he forced himself to dive into
the document he had been writing for the better part of three days.  'I don't
think this could get any more boring.  How am I supposed to concentrate on
this?" he asked himself as he tried to remember exactly where he had left off
the night before.  Finding his place, he tried to block out everything else and
focus on the task at hand.  'It's only a few hours,' he kept telling himself,
and was soon engrossed in the rats' nest of systems that comprised his current
project.

After working for over two hours, he walked to the office kitchen to get a can
of diet cola.  He looked at his watch and wondered what Penny was doing at that
moment.  'She should be up and have the dog out by now.  Hopefully she has
started to read the note,' he thought walking back to his desk.  Then he tried
to push thoughts of what was to come out of his mind again, and surprised
himself by succeeding to some degree.





~~~ Her ~~~

At that very moment, Penny was sitting down at the table, about to read the note
he had left her.  She had fed the dog and had run her until the dog was barely
able to run.  Penny picked up the note that her husband had left for her, and
turned the pages over in her hands.  'Well, let's see what I'm getting myself
into.'

The note was comprised of a single sheet of unfolded paper, and a second sheet
that was folded several times and taped closed with a single piece of scotch
tape, hiding what was written.  On both sides of the folded sheet was written,
'Read the other page first.'  Seeing that, she placed the folded sheet back on
the table and started to read the first page.





~~~ The Letter ~~~

Hello my Love,

If you are reading this, it means that you have agreed to take part in the very
special day I have planned for us.  I realize that you don't know what is in
store for you.  I haven't given you many details, because I want this to be as
much a surprise as possible.  Actually, more like a series of surprises.  I know
that you trust me; I'm asking you to trust me today.

I want you.  I have always wanted you, and I want you now more than ever.

Today I want to own you.  I want to control you.  I want you to give yourself to
me, willingly, completely.

I will be coming home for lunch today.  I will have to return to work, so I
won't be able to stay for much more than an hour.  When I arrive, you will
submit yourself to me.  Your body will be my toy, to do with as I please.





~~~ Her ~~~

'He's coming home for lunch?'  Penny didn't know what to make of that.  Since
his office was over 25 miles away, he had never come home at lunchtime.  'I
figured he had just written me a dirty story or something,' looking at the note
in her hand.  She certainly hadn't expected this.  Her curiosity piqued, she
continued reading.





~~~ The Letter ~~~

Your safe word, 'Yellow Light,' is always available to you if you are
uncomfortable with something or you need my attention.  And if you want to end
this at any time simply use, 'Red Light,' as always.  I assure you, while I may
on occasion stretch your boundaries, I will never go beyond what I believe you
can handle.

As part of your submission, you will obey the following rules:

1) You will follow every instruction described in this letter to the best of
your ability.

2) You will do exactly as I instruct you, without question or hesitation.

3) You will not speak unless I ask you a direct question.  The only exception to
this rule is the use of your safe words.

Disobedience of any sort may result in punishment of my choosing.





~~~ Her ~~~

This was sounding more and more like something they might do on a Friday or
Saturday night.  Playing 'tie up games' had always been his idea; she had slowly
warmed up to the idea, but still wasn't as turned on by all of it as he seemed
to be.

'Friday night in the dark is one thing.  Do I really want to do this during the
day?' she asked herself, pondering the letter in her hand.  Since there was
still more written in the letter, she decided to hold her decision until she had
at least read the entire letter.





~~~ The Letter ~~~

At this point you have a choice.  You can choose to continue, or you can say no. 
I will call home at 11:30, and I will ask you if you wish to continue.  If you
wish to continue, say 'Yes.'  If you do not wish to continue, simply say, 'No.'

If you choose to give yourself to me, the rules stated above will take effect
the moment you say 'Yes.'  Also, if you choose to continue, read the second page
of this letter now.  It is folded in such a way that you will complete one set
of instructions before seeing the next.  Do not read ahead.

Regardless of your decision, I love you more than words can express.

I love you,

Nick





~~~ Her ~~~

Penny stared out the patio doors for a long time, wondering whether she really
wanted to continue or not.  'He's obviously put a lot of effort into this.  But
do I really want to get into this today?' she asked herself.  They hadn't had
sex in almost a week, and she figured he would be counting on the fact that she
would want him almost as badly as he wanted her.  'Almost; I'm not nearly as
insatiable as him!' she thought and laughed out loud.

She finally made her decision.  'What the heck, it's either this or clean the
house.  At least there's a chance I might enjoy this.'

Both eager and anxious, she picked up the second page of the letter and tore the
piece of tape off the outside.  The page partially unfolded, until she could
read the top quarter of the page.  The rest was still folded and taped closed. 
Slightly nervous, she began to read.





~~~ The Letter ~~~

Thank you for choosing to give yourself to me.  I cannot think of any gift on
earth I would rather receive.

The following are the preparations that you are to make before my arrival:

- You will be showered before 11:30.

- You will have the dog in her kennel by 11:30.

- When I call at 11:30, you will inform me of your decision to continue.  As
stated before, if you choose to give yourself to me, the rules will take effect
immediately thereafter.

- Do not read the next set of instructions until I tell you.





~~~ Her ~~~

'Well, so far nothing out of the ordinary.  At least he didn't want ME in the
kennel by 11:30!' she laughed, somewhat relieved.  Glancing at the clock, she
saw that she had about 45 minutes before he said he would call.  She decided
she'd get her shower out of the way now so her shoulder-length hair would have
time to dry.  Placing the note on the table, she made her way to the bathroom. 
The dog followed behind her, still lethargic from her run.

She stripped out of her pajamas and threw them into the hamper.  Turning on the
taps in the shower, she turned around and clicked on the waterproof radio then
waited for the water to get hot before climbing in.  She loved a hot shower
almost as much as she loved a hot bath.  Letting the stream of near-scalding
water cascade through her hair and down her back, she stood soaking up the heat
for a few moments before washing her hair.  After she had rinsed her hair, she
grabbed the bar of soap and lathered up, enjoying the silky sensation the soapy
water had on her skin.

As she rinsed the soapy water from her body, she took an extra long time to rub
her hands over her breasts.  The steam and heat had an almost hypnotic effect on
her, and she had almost forgotten about her husband's plans for her.  'I can't
wait for him to touch me here,' she thought in a dreamlike state as her
fingertips lightly caressed her nipples.  'Or here,' she thought with more
eagerness as she slid one hand down her stomach to her sex.  She couldn't tell
if the wetness she felt there was from the shower or the anticipation of his
arrival.  'Maybe a bit of both,' she conceded as she finished rinsing the soap
from her body.  Turning off the taps, she reached for a towel and quickly dried
off.

She put on a clean pair of panties and her housecoat then let the dog out for a
few minutes.  Checking the clock in the kitchen, she saw that she still had
about half an hour before he would call.  She decided that she had time to run
the dog once more before she was put in her kennel.  'Hopefully that will tire
her out enough to keep her quiet when Nick gets home,' she thought as she
changed into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, then slipped on a pair of sandals
and went outside with the dog, Frisbees in hand.





~~~ Him ~~~

While she was outside with the dog, Nick was sitting at his desk, staring at a
diagram.  He had been staring at that same diagram for the last ten minutes, and
still wasn't really seeing it.  Glancing at his watch for the hundredth time, he
stared in vain at the diagram.

'What if she says no?' he thought anxiously.  He knew there was a good chance
that she wouldn't be in the mood to play today.  'Well, one way or the other
I'll know in 20 minutes.'  He also knew that there was a chance she would balk
at the rest of the instructions in his letter, but he tried not to think about
that either.

'Maybe I should have let her read the whole thing before I called her.'  He had
entertained that thought before, but this time he immediately dismissed it. 
'No.  She has to trust me sight unseen.  Besides, she trusts me.'

He forced himself to stare at the diagram instead of his watch.  The next 20
minutes seemed to last forever.





~~~ Her ~~~

After what seemed like an hour, but was more like 15 minutes, Penny was done
running the dog.  The dog was moving slowly and was reluctant to return the
Frisbee, so Penny figured it was time to go back inside.  She led the dog to her
water dish then let her rest for a few minutes before putting her in her kennel
a few minutes shy of 11:30.  Once the dog was tucked away in her kennel, Penny
went back upstairs and sat down on the couch to channel surf while waiting for
her husband's call.

At 11:30 on the dot, the phone rang.  Even though she was expecting the call,
she still jumped; they rarely received phone calls, especially during the day.

The display on the phone simply read, 'unknown caller', so she tentatively
answered the phone.  "Hello?" expecting Nick but not wanting to make some smart
remark or crack some joke only to find her mother or his mother on the line.

But it was Nick calling, just as he said he would.  "Hi.  How did you sleep?" he
asked.

"Good.  Not long enough.  Never long enough," She answered, trying to keep her
tone light despite the butterflies fluttering in her stomach.

"That's good."  There were a few moments of silence before he continued.  "Do
you have any questions?" he asked, keeping his voice neutral.

'I'm sure he doesn't want his boss to overhear him making lewd remarks on the
phone,' she thought to herself, and resisted the urge to tease him by giving him
a lewd response in spite of that fact, or perhaps because of it.  "Um, no." she
answered instead.

"OK.  Have you made your choice?" he asked.

"Yes."

Another few seconds of silence; He wanted her to offer herself without being
asked again, and she knew it.  But the independent part of her held back, the
part of her that always wanted to stay in control.

Finally he broke the silence.  "And?" he asked, this time sounding a bit
anxious.

She waited a moment before answering.  "Yes," then a split second later she
added, "I'll do it."

She thought she heard him breathe a faint sigh of relief, but when he responded,
the sternness of his voice startled her.  "The rules take effect now,
understood?"

"Yes," she replied a little sheepishly in spite of herself.

"Good.  Read the next set of instructions, and I'll see you at noon.  I love
you."

"I love you too," she said, and then he hung up.





~~~ Him ~~~

Hanging up the phone and sitting back in his chair, he replayed the conversation
in his mind.  'I'll see you at noon, but you won't see me' he chuckled to
himself as a wicked grin spread across his face.  'Well, so far so good,' he
thought, but then doubts started to nag at his mind.  'But will she go all the
way, or will she quit when she sees what I have in store for her?  I guess I'll
just have to wait and see.'  Laughing at the pun, he shut down his computer and
headed for the door.





~~~ Her ~~~

Hanging up the phone, she got up and walked to the kitchen where the letter
still sat on the table.  Picking up the folded sheet and peeling off the piece
of tape that held the next fold, she began to read.





~~~ The Letter ~~~

To continue preparing for my arrival:

- Lock the front and back doors.

- Go to the bathroom (you will not be able to for a while).

- Take off whatever clothes you are wearing and leave them in the bathroom.

- Take this note and the cordless phone into the corner bedroom.

- When you enter the room, close the door behind you.  Make sure neither of the
cats is in the room.  Set the cordless phone on the bed.

- You will find two TV stands covered by towels.  Do not touch them yet.

- You will also find a stereo and a set of headphones at the head of the bed. 
You may hear music coming from the headphones; a CD is already playing.  Do not
change the volume or touch the stereo in any way.

- Put on the t-shirt that is on the bed.  You should be wearing nothing else.

- Close both windows and close the blinds.

- Once these steps are completed, read the next set of instructions.





~~~ Her ~~~

'He certainly hasn't left anything to chance,' she mused as she checked that
first the back door and then the front door were locked.  Next she went to the
bathroom.  'Hope he doesn't plan on keeping me from going for too long, or I
might make a mess,' she laughed.  He always teased her about her small bladder.

She brushed her teeth and started to take off her clothes, but then stopped. 
Not wanting to roam around the house in the buff, she walked down the hall to
the corner bedroom and found the t-shirt on the bed, just where he said it would
be.  'He never said I had to follow his instructions in order,' she thought
picking it up, proud of finding this little loophole in her husband's plans. 
She retraced her steps to the bathroom and stripped out of her t-shirt and
shorts and panties, then put on the t-shirt he had left for her.  It was one of
his old shirts, faded and full of small holes in the worn cotton.  As she pulled
the shirt over her head, she could smell him in the fabric, even though the
shirt had just been washed.

'I bet he got off thinking he had forced me to walk around the house nude. 
Well, too bad!' she thought wickedly as she snatched up the note from the
bathroom counter, found the cordless phone in its cradle in the living room, and
then walked back down the hall to the corner bedroom.

Being a spare bedroom, the room was sparsely furnished, containing only a queen
size bed and a 4-drawer dresser.  As she entered the room for the second time,
Penny looked around more closely and noticed a few things out of place.  The
first change she noticed was the bed; he had pulled it out from the walls so
there was at least a couple feet of clearance on all sides.  She also noticed
the two TV stands mentioned in the note, placed in front of the closed closet
door.  On the floor by the head of the bed sat a CD player, with a set of
headphones plugged into the jack and resting on the corner of the bed.

Feeling vulnerable in front of the two windows, she made sure each window was
closed then closed the blinds, even though the windows faced the woods beside
and behind their property and she knew no one would be back there.  Reviewing
the note to remind herself what to do next, she checked the room for the cats. 
Sure enough, the oldest cat had wandered into the room and was making itself at
home under the bed.  She had to lay flat on her stomach on the cool hardwood to
reach the cat and shoo it out from under the bed and out of the room.  She got
up, glad to be off the chilly floor, and closed the door in the face of the
indignant feline.

Checking the note one last time to ensure she hadn't missed anything, she pulled
the next piece of tape and read the next set of instructions.





~~~ The Letter ~~~

At this point you should be in the corner bedroom, with the door closed and
blinds drawn, wearing only my t-shirt.

- DO NOT remove the red towel from its TV stand.

- Remove the green towel from its TV stand and lay it across the center of the
bed.

- You will find two wrist cuffs and two ankle cuffs on this stand, along with 8
brass padlocks.  Place the cuffs on your wrists and ankles and lock them in
place with 4 of the padlocks.

- You will find a scarf on this stand as well.  Place it on the bed near the
headboard.

- Once these steps are completed, sit on the bed and wait for me to call.  When
I call I will ask you if you are ready, and you will respond accordingly.  You
will then read the final set of instructions.





~~~ Her ~~~

'No surprises yet,' she thought, pulling the green towel from its TV stand. 
Sure enough, there were the wrist and ankle cuffs, the scarf, and the small
brass padlocks.  Picking up an ankle cuff, she turned around and lifted her left
foot onto the bed, wrapping the padded leather cuff around her ankle.  She
twisted the cuff around her ankle to make sure it wasn't too tight before
locking it in place with a padlock.  Picking up the other ankle cuff, she
repeated the procedure with her right foot.  With the two cuffs on her ankles,
she danced a few steps, feeling the strange weight of the cuffs as the bounced
lightly against the tops of her feet, and hearing the jingle of the brass cuffs
as they rattled against the D-rings of the cuffs.

Next she picked up one of the wrist cuffs, which were just smaller versions of
the ankle cuffs.  She wrapped one of the cuffs around her left wrist, and after
sliding it up and down slightly to ensure it wasn't too tight she locked it on
with a padlock.  Repeating the process with her other wrist, she stood and did
another little dance, this with a lot more jingling as the four padlocks bounced
around on their respective D-rings.

Picking up the scarf, she laughed to herself.  'This is a really nice warm
scarf.  Too bad it spends all its time in Nick's dresser drawer!'  Feeling the
softness of the scarf, she sat down on the edge of the bed and set the scarf
beside her, waiting for his call.





~~~ Him ~~~

In the mean time, Nick had been trying to get home as much before noon as
possible, but was beginning to think that the entire public works department was
plotting against him.  'I understand the need for road construction and repair,
but MUST they block every major street in the city on the same day!' he grumbled
out loud as he drove through the last stretch of construction.  Speeding up, he
tried his best to make up for any time he may have lost.





~~~ Her ~~~

After only a couple minutes waiting for the phone to ring, Penny was already
bored.  In the silence of the room, she could clearly hear the music playing
faintly in the headphones that sat beside her on the bed.  The headphones were
the bud variety that fit inside each ear.  Curious to see what he would have her
listening to, she picked up one of the buds and placed it in her ear.  Just as
she did so, the song hit a particularly loud note.  Reaching for the stereo, she
turned the volume down a couple notches then put the bud back in her ear.

It took her only a second to recognize the song.  It was 'Naughty Girl' by
Beyonce.  'How fitting?' she laughed as she listened and hummed along with the
song, then as the chorus started she sang out loud, though she only knew half
the words.  "Tonight, I'll be your naughty girl, da-da-da-da-da,
da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da, I know you want my body!"  Changing the lyrics she sang
out even louder, "Today, I'll be your naughty girl!"' then she laughed as she
set the headphones back on the bed.

Thinking of what she hoped her husband would be doing with her, and to her,
soon, she decided she was really being a good girl for doing everything he
asked.  'Maybe I don't want to be such a good girl.  He's expecting me to not
have panties on; I wonder what he'd do if he came home and found me wearing
them?'  Knowing she would end up tied to the bed (hence the ropes and cuffs),
she guessed that it would put a serious crimp in his plans to find her wearing
panties after she was tied up.  'He won't have quite as easy a time with me as
he might have hoped.  I'll show him I still have a will of my own,' she thought
with a devilish grin, then ran down the hall and grabbed her panties from the
top of the hamper.  Putting them on, she walked back to the bedroom, the grin
still on her face.

Back in the room and still bored, her gaze fell on the bright red towel that
covered the second TV stand.  'What else has he planned for me,' she wondered,
getting up and stepping towards the stand.  'No harm taking a peek,' she thought
as she gingerly lifted the towel off the stand, as if something underneath it
might bite her.

'Wow, this is going to be the best lunch hour I've had in ages!' she thought,
excitement building inside her.  The stand held several toys which she
recognized from their 'toy box.'  There were two vibrating dildos, one silver
plated, the other covered in latex, as well as the small vibrating egg that had
helped her to more orgasms than she could count.  'I can't wait to have that
working its magic on me,' she thought, her mind drifting to pleasant memories of
past sex.





~~~ Him ~~~

By the time Nick got home, it was just shy of five minutes before noon.  He had
hoped to be here five minutes sooner, but would have to make due.  He pulled
over to the side of the road within sight of their driveway, where his car
couldn't be seen from the house. 

They lived on a country road, with few neighbors.  Their house was set back from
the road and was encircled by dense forest.  The trees blocked the view of their
home from the road until drivers were directly in front of their driveway, and
the way people drove on this road, they rarely got more of a glimpse of the
property before they blew past and the trees blocked their view again.

Reaching for his cell phone, he hit the speed dial for home.  The phone rang a
couple times before Penny answered with a tentative, "Hello?"





~~~ Her ~~~

The ringing of the phone startled Penny out of her daydream.  She quickly threw
the towel over the contents of the TV stand before answering the phone. 
"Hello?" she said, trying to keep her voice level despite the pounding of her
heart in her chest.  'It's as if he knew I was peeking under that towel,' she
thought, worried that he was somehow spying on her, before dismissing the
thought as foolishness.

"Hi," he responded, then got straight to the point; "Are you ready?"

"Yes," she responded confidently.

"Good.  I will be home in 5 minutes.  Make sure you're ready for me by then. 
You may read the final set of instructions now."  Then he hung up before she
could reply.

Jarred by the abrupt end of the conversation, Penny sat holding the phone for a
moment then reached for the note.  She slowly removed the last piece of tape and
read the final set of instructions.





~~~ The Letter ~~~

Review these instructions carefully before you continue.

- By now you may have noticed that there are ropes tied to the bed.  There are
two ropes tied to the corners at the foot of the bed, and there is a third rope
tied across the width of the head of the bed.

- Sit in the middle of the bed, facing the footboard.  Make sure you are sitting
squarely on the towel.  The 4 remaining padlocks, the scarf, and the headphones
should be within easy reach.

- Lock each ankle cuff to one of the ropes at the foot of the bed, using the
loops in each rope, so you will be able to lie on your back.

- Lie down on your back and place the headphones in your ears so they are snug
and will not easily fall out.

- Set the remaining 2 padlocks within reach, and use the scarf to blindfold
yourself.  The scarf should be tied over your ears so it holds the headphones in
place.

- Finally, pick up the padlocks, lie back and stretch your hands above your
head.  Lock each wrist cuff to the rope across the head of the bed.

Don't forget the rules.  No talking, unless you are spoken to.

Relax.  I will be home soon.  I guarantee I'll make this worth your effort.  I
love you!





~~~ Her ~~~

"Here we go," Penny said in a resigned tone, though no one could hear her.  She
sat on the towel at the center of the bed, facing the foot of the bed, ensuring
that the padlocks and the scarf were close at hand.  She reached behind her and
pulled the headphones closer to her, as far as the cord would allow.

Picking up two of the padlocks, she stretched her legs towards the corners of
the bed and pulled the ropes tied there as close to her as she could.  There
were small loops tied at the ends of each rope, so she hooked a padlock through
the loop in the right hand rope and then through the D-ring of the leather cuff
on her right ankle.  Locking the padlock in place, she stretched her left leg
towards the opposite corner of the bed and, bending over further, locked the
other ankle cuff to the rope.

Tugging at the ropes that now held her ankles she found that she still had a
fair amount of leeway from side to side.  But she knew that once her hands were
bound over her head she wouldn't have nearly as much freedom.

It occurred to her that she was running out of time, so she reached for the
headphones and laid back on the bed.  Placing the buds in her ears, she smiled
as she heard the sound of a Savage Garden song.  It took her a few seconds
before she placed the tune; it was 'Truly, Madly, Deeply'.

'Yes, I truly am mad for letting my husband talk me into this,' she laughed to
herself, 'and I'm getting in deeper by the second!'  She reached for the scarf
and folded it in three lengthwise, then wrapped it around her head, making sure
the headphone buds were held firmly in her ears.  Satisfied that the buds
weren't going to fall out of her ears anytime soon, she tied the scarf snugly
behind her head so the knot was flat and wouldn't dig into the back of her head.





~~~ Him ~~~

It took every ounce of self control and will power Nick could muster to keep
from turning on the car and tearing up their driveway.  But somehow he forced
himself to sit, listening to the radio.  He still had two minutes to wait, and
even then, he would do his best to take his time and not rush.  'I've put too
much time into this to hurry through it now.'  Leaning back in his seat, he
enjoyed the warm summer breeze blowing in his open window.

'She should be almost ready by now.'





~~~ Her ~~~

'Almost done.'  Penny experienced a moment of panic as she hunted blindly around
her for the last two padlocks, until she finally found them nestled under the
small of her back.  Stretching her hands over her head, she quickly found the
rope that was tied across the width of the bed, a few inches from the headboard. 
Awkwardly she hooked one of the padlocks through the D-ring of her left wrist
cuff.  When she tried to catch the rope in the hook of the open padlock, it took
her several attempts before she felt the tug of the rope.  Twisting the padlock
and locking it in place, she gave a couple tugs on her left hand to make sure
she had actually locked it to the rope.

She felt around for the last padlock and scooped it up in her left hand, then
hooked it on the D-ring of her right wrist cuff.  Being right handed, she had a
more difficult time maneuvering the padlock with her left hand, but finally she
had caught the rope with the arm of the padlock.  Swinging the body of the
padlock around was tricky, and on her first attempt she felt the rope slip out
of the padlock.  Trying a second time, she had the padlock almost latched when
the rope slipped again.

'Third time's the charm,' she thought as she strained to keep both the D-ring
and the rope in the crook of the small padlock long enough to latch it.  This
time she succeeded, and when she tried to pull her right hand off the bed she
was rewarded with a firm and unyielding tug in the opposite direction.

Stretching and tugging in all directions, she found that she still had a rather
large range of motion.  She could pull her hands about a foot off the bed, and
could slide them from side to side along the rope.  She could lift her feet
slightly, and could swing her legs back and forth as well, but couldn't quite
close her legs all the way.  Hating the sensation of anything being near her
eyes, she always kept her eyes shut when she wore a blindfold.  For a split
second she opened her eyes, but found she could see nothing.

Forcing herself to relax, she started to pay closer attention to the music
wafting from the headphones.  'Talk about a captive audience,' she mused as
another song started.  This one surprised her because she knew Nick hated it,
and she wasn't a big fan either.  'I suppose it is appropriate,' she grudgingly
admitted as she listened to Britney Spears sing 'I'm a Slave for You!'





~~~ Him ~~~

Nick waited until just past noon, giving Penny ample time to complete his
instructions before starting the car and pulling into their driveway.  Not
wanting to make a lot of noise on the gravel, he edged his way half way up the
driveway before turning off the engine.  He got out of the car and quietly
closed the door, then made his way to the front door of the house.  Slowly he
unlocked the deadbolt and opened the door as quietly as he could, mentally
willing the hinges to not creak.

Once inside he closed the door and locked it again.  He carefully walked up the
stairs, avoiding the two stairs that always squeaked.  Making his way into the
master bedroom, he changed out of his work clothes and into a t-shirt and pair
of shorts.  'Can't get my work clothes dirty,' he thought, 'If I show up at work
this afternoon with different clothes on, it will be rather hard to explain!'

After folding his clothes and putting them on top of his dresser, he went to the
bathroom, without flushing, and washed up, running only a dribble of water from
the tap.  He planned to keep her from knowing that he was in the house for as
long as possible.





~~~ Her ~~~

'Where is he?' she thought, growing somewhat concerned.  'What if something
happens to him before he gets home?  Could I get loose if I had to?'  All these
questions swirled through her mind as she waited impatiently for him to arrive. 
She strained to hear his car drive in, or hear his key in the door.  She
expected to hear his footsteps in the hall at any moment, or to hear the bedroom
door creak open.  But all she could hear was the music.





~~~ Him ~~~

Finished in the bathroom, he tiptoed down the hall to the corner bedroom.  He
gingerly opened the door and was rewarded with a marvelous sight.  There was his
wife, bound spread-eagle, blindfolded, and naked but for the t-shirt that had
ridden up on her thighs, not quite far enough to offer a peek of her bush.

Staying absolutely quiet, he stared at the beauty of his helpless wife.  Her
shoulder length brown hair was spilled around her head and shoulders.  Her
breasts rose and fell in time with her breathing, her slightly erect nipples
poking through the thin fabric of the t-shirt.  Her silky legs begged to be
touched.  Her pouty lips moved faintly as she mouthed the words of the song she
was hearing; as he watched, she wet her lips with her tongue.  It took all his
willpower to keep from abandoning the rest of his plans and fucking her that
very moment.

He could hear her faintly singing along with the stereo.  He wasn't sure at
first, but soon he recognized it as 'She Bangs' by Ricky Martin.  Not one of his
personal favorites, but he knew she had enjoyed Ricky Martin's music when he was
more popular, and would enjoy this reminder of the not-so-distant past.

Listening to her singing made him look down at the stereo at his feet beside the
bed.  He had to look twice at the volume level; sure enough, she had turned it
down.

'That's strike one.  But it's a small matter,' he rationalized.  'I could punish
her for it, but I won't be that picky today.'

Wanting to be sure that she could not hear him over the music playing in her
ears, he reached down and very slowly turned the volume up a notch.  She didn't
flinch so he assumed she hadn't noticed the difference.

Wondering what other instructions she may have disobeyed, he scanned the room
and quickly noticed that the red towel was out of place on its TV stand.  He had
put a distinctive fold in the towel when he had placed it on the stand this
morning, specifically so he would be able to tell if she had peeked.  Sure
enough, the towel was now slightly askew, and the telltale fold was gone.

'That's strike two,' he thought, scanning the room once more.  'But it's still a
minor thing.'  He had purposefully placed only the vibrators on the forbidden
stand so if she peeked she would still not know everything he had planned.  Not
seeing anything else out of place, he walked around the bed, wanting to admire
the view from every angle.

He stopped in surprise at the foot of the bed.  'What the hell?  Didn't I tell
her to take off her panties?'  Seeing his note sitting on the now empty TV
stand, he skimmed it quickly.  And there were his instructions in black and
white.  'I even told her several times.'  Wondering how she could have missed
something so clear, he quickly came to the conclusion that she had done it on
purpose to tease him. 

'That's strike three.  I have to punish her, but how?'  He stood wondering for
almost a minute before the perfect punishment occurred to him.  It would take
him a few minutes to prepare.  He decided to leave her punishment until he left
for work.  'Let her think she got away with it,' he smiled to himself as he
imagined the look on her face when she learned the truth.

Realizing that he had been home for over five minutes now, and that it had been
ten minutes since he had last phoned her, he decided he should at least let her
know that he was home, even if he wasn't ready to start with her yet. 
'Besides,' he thought, 'I'll let her sweat a bit longer while I get her
punishment ready.'

Reaching beneath the bed on each side near the headboard, he pulled out two
ropes that were already tied to the bed frame and laid the ends on the bed,
careful not to touch her bound arms.

He wanted her tied perfectly spread eagle, in an X on the center of the bed, but
he knew that she would not be able to tie her own hands in that position.  Hence
the reason for the rope that ran the width of the bed; she was able to bind her
hands in such a way that she would be unable to escape, but in reality it was
only a temporary solution.

Mentally he readied himself.  'Let the games begin!'





~~~ Her ~~~

Without warning Penny felt someone grab her right wrist and twisted it firmly
but not enough to hurt.  She jumped as high as her bonds would allow her, and
cried out.    She could feel a rope being run through the D-ring of the wrist
cuff, then felt a rope being pulled through the D-ring of the left cuff.  Trying
to lift her hands, she found that they were still bound where she had locked
them to the rope.

It wasn't long before she found out what he was planning; an instant later, she
felt a steady pull on her right wrist towards the corner of the bed.  Before she
could react, all slack was gone from the rope, and she felt her left wrist being
pulled toward its corner.  Soon she found herself stretched in all directions,
unable to move her arms or legs more than a couple inches in any direction.

Still adjusting to this new situation, she jumped as she felt a hand grab her
left breast, squeezing and pulling at it, its fingers pinching and flicking her
nipple.  In an instant her nipple was rock hard, and the constant teasing sent
electric currents racing through her body.  She rocked back and forth, trying in
vain to get away from the hand and get closer to it at the same time.

The assault on her breast stopped just as suddenly as it had started.  When her
other breast failed to receive the same attention, she moaned faintly.  Seconds
turned into minutes.  Unable to see or hear him, she waited anxiously for him to
touch her again.





~~~ Him ~~~

'That should give her something to think about,' he mused as he quietly left the
bedroom to prepare her punishment.  He didn't want to punish her in a cruel or
hurtful way.  To them, 'punishment' was more about making her do something she
didn't necessarily want to do, while still feeling safe.  Still, he had never
punished her like he intended to today.  'I'm sure I'll regret it one way or
another,' he laughed ruefully.





~~~ Her ~~~

'Where the devil is he?' she asked herself for the tenth time.  His brief
attention to her had started heating her up, and this long pause wasn't helping. 
She was starting to want him, to need him, inside her.

'And I'm never going to agree to wearing headphones again!'  She found having
the music block out all but the loudest noise was almost too much to handle. 
'At least he has good taste in music,' she admitted grudgingly, listening to the
current selection, a dance mix that she didn't recognize.

She was beginning to realize how much she depended on her hearing, and she
decided that she preferred not being able to see over not being able to hear. 
'Not that I have much choice,' she thought in a resigned frame of mind, yanking
in vain at the ropes that held her spread and open.





~~~ Him ~~~

Once her punishment was ready, Nick quietly re-entered the room, careful not to
alert her to his presence.  Seeing her lying helpless and at his mercy stoked
the fire that was already burning inside him.  'She seemed to like it when I
started with her breasts last time.  Let's see how she likes it when I start
somewhere else.'

Moving alongside the bed, he knelt down beside her stomach.  He leaned over her
without touching her, breathing in deeply and catching a slight trace of her
scent.  He reached over her with his left hand and lightly ran one fingertip
along the length of her clit.  Trying not to laugh as she jumped and squealed at
the sudden sensation, he continued to tease her tender lips with his finger,
running it up and down the length of her nether lips.  His touch was light
enough to be considered tickling if it were applied anywhere else on her body. 
Here, it was more like sweet torture.

Leaning over a little further he planted several small kisses starting at the
edge of her panties and working his way down the length of her thigh, all the
while inhaling her aroma as it became stronger along with her level of
excitement.  He stopped teasing her sex in order to continue his kisses down her
leg, and she moaned in frustration, wiggling her hips to get his attention.

When he reached the top of her foot he stood up and stepped around the bed,
kneeling on the other side.  Starting his kisses on the top of her right foot,
he made his way back up her legs, taking extra time at her ticklish knee.  When
he reached her thighs, he began to tease her clit again, this time more firmly,
pressing his finger between her lips through the thin cotton.





~~~ Her ~~~

'I wish I hadn't put those back on!' Penny bemoaned as he continued to torment
her through the fabric of her panties.  Twisting and lifting her hips to press
herself harder against his hand, she felt the tingling excitement steadily
building inside her.  As she tried to move in time with his hand, he started to
vary his motions to frustrate her.  From fast to slow, sometimes light as a
feather and other times hard enough to pin her to the bed by her sex, he teased
and tormented her pussy.

Though he never touched her the same way for very long, she found herself at a
constant level of arousal.  She was nowhere near cumming, but it felt great
nonetheless.  Becoming frustrated by the lack of constant stimulation, she began
to whimper faintly, hoping for sympathy but expecting none; at least not yet. 
At first he seemed to be ignoring her pleas, so she whimpered louder and more
pitifully, hoping for any kind of reaction, but the response she received was
not what she expected.





~~~ Him ~~~

Smiling to himself, Nick knew that he was driving his wife crazy by teasing her
like he was.  He kept at it a few moments longer before stopping without
warning.  Circling around the bed to the dresser, he opened the second drawer. 
Inside were the rest of the toys he planned to use with and on her.

'First things first; She really should be relieved of that excess clothing,' he
decided, pulling out a pair of sewing shears from the drawer.  Since the element
of surprise had worked well so far, he saw no reason to change his approach now. 
Roughly grabbing the bottom hem of the t-shirt, he quickly cut the fabric from
the waistband to the collar, slowing and becoming more careful as he neared her
tender neck.





~~~ Her ~~~

Expecting him to tease her breasts again, or torment her in some other way, for
a split second Penny's mind couldn't comprehend what she was feeling.  He
quickly finished cutting the front of the t-shirt and, grabbing the left
shoulder of the shirt, cut down the seam along the arm.  At this point her mind
caught up with what her senses were trying to tell her: in a few moments she was
going to be completely naked and open to him.  Even with the blinds closed, she
would be brilliantly visible in the brightness of the summer afternoon.  This
also explained why he had wanted her in an old t-shirt, instead of some of her
lingerie that he usually loved to see her wearing.

These thoughts were just starting to sink in as he finished cutting through the
right shoulder seam.  She felt his hand slide under her and rested it between
her shoulder blades, then lift her slightly from the bed.  Before she knew it,
he had pulled the t-shirt out from under her, leaving her naked and open, with
only her panties protecting her.  Panties that she knew she would never wear
again.





~~~ Him ~~~

Still holding the scissors in one hand, he stopped to take in the sight of her
creamy skin glowing in the dimmed sunlight.  He began to rub her breasts and
chest with his free hand.  His movements were almost chaotic, but his hand
always found its way back to her sensitive nipples.  She moaned and twisted on
the bed, trying to escape his hands, while at the same time wanting more.

Sliding his hand down her stomach and down her left inner thigh, he pulled the
fabric of the leg of her panties as far away from her skin as he could before
slicing through the cotton with one swipe of the shears.  Sliding his hand along
her right thigh and scooping up the fabric there, he repeated the cut just as
quickly.  Grabbing the loose front panel, he slowly pulled the panties straight
up, so that every inch of the cloth ran between her already moist pussy lips.





~~~ Her ~~~

Just as he pulled the last stitch of fabric from her body, a new song began
playing; 'Barbie Girl' by Aqua.  'Maybe my new nickname should be Barbie Girl,'
she laughed to herself as she began to relate to the girl in the song,
particularly the line, 'You can brush my hair, undress me everywhere!'

'I'll have to remember to tell him that; he's always looking for new pet names
for me,' she thought, then promptly forgot all about the song in her ears as she
felt her husband's mouth engulfing her right nipple.  Arching her back as much
as she could, she tried to force her entire breast into his eager mouth, as he
sucked and nibbled and licked her nipple.

At that very moment, her entire world was centered on his mouth and tongue, and
her nipple and breast.  She loved it when he teased her breasts, and she was
sure that he enjoyed giving almost as much as she enjoyed receiving.  His tongue
danced over her nipple, never quite the same way twice, moving in strange and
undecipherable patterns.  With each slightly different movement came a unique
sensation deep in her breast, which radiated throughout her body.





~~~ Him ~~~

Glancing at her out of the corner of his eye, he judged the effectiveness of his
attentions by the expressions on her face.  Smiling contently, she was tilting
her head back, and he pictured her eyes rolled slightly back in her head, lost
in the moment.  An evil grin crossed his face as he picked up the toy he had set
on the bed beside her.  'She definitely won't see this coming,' he grinned, then
laughed at his own joke.

Sucking at her tit particularly hard, forcing the nipple as erect as could be,
he lifted his mouth, only to replace it with the cold steel of a nipple clamp. 
It was the type that screwed in place, so he could control the precise amount of
pressure applied.  A short silver chain connected the pair of clamps.

She tried to jerk away from the coldness of the clamp, but with her limited
range of motion he soon had the clamp in place.  He didn't want the clamps to
fall off, so he tightened the clamp just enough to slightly squeeze her nipple,
without hurting too much.  Knowing she would be extra sensitive now, he lightly
rubbed the trapped nipple with the tip of his tongue, before getting up and
circling to the other side of the bed, where he duplicated his assault on her
left nipple.





~~~ Her ~~~

'Bastard!' her mind screamed, 'I can't take this, and he knows it!'  The
constant pressure on her poor nipple was almost overwhelming, and she knew he
was warming up her other nipple for more of the same treatment.  Even a minute
touch or movement sent new waves of sensation radiating from her clamped nipple,
ranging from slight pain to indescribable pleasure.

Soon his tongue had aroused her left nipple and it stood proudly erect.  She
steeled herself when she felt a tug on her right nipple as he picked up the
other clamp.  After a couple final flicks of his tongue on her left nipple, he
replaced his tongue with the unforgiving grip of the clamp.  He didn't
over-tighten it, for which she was somewhat grateful, but soon the waves of
pleasure and pain were radiating from both nipples, and the sensations weren't
always in synch.





~~~ Him ~~~

Nick stood up to admire his wife's newly adorned breasts, watching as her facial
expressions changed with the slightest motion.  Knowing that her tender nipples
couldn't stand the clamps for more than a few minutes, he decided to take
advantage of her distracted state while he could.  He snatched the silver plated
vibrator from the TV stand and set it on the edge of the bed, then ran his
fingertips lightly up her leg and then back and forth across her stomach while
he teased her pussy lips with his other hand.  Rubbing her lips harder with
every passing moment, she was soon grinding her hips in time with his hand.

With ever few swipes of his fingertips across her stomach, he gave a gentle tug
on the chain connecting the nipple clamps.  Each time he was rewarded by a
startled look on his wife's face as her nipples rebelled at the treatment they
were receiving.

After one of those tugs he suddenly slipped a finger of his lower hand into her
now moist pussy, pumping to the rhythm of her moving hips.  His finger slid
easily in and out of her as she became more and more excited.

'Time to up the ante,' he thought, picking up the vibrator with his free hand
without stopping his finger's work on her pussy.  Pulling out his finger, he
used her own juices to lubricate the business end of the vibrator.  He pushed
his finger inside her to wet it again then lubricated the dildo even more. 
After repeating this several times, he placed the tip of the vibrator against
her lips and, lining it up, drove it slowly but steadily into her now soaking
pussy.





~~~ Her ~~~

Despite the warmth of the air in the room, or maybe because of it, the coldness
of the dildo against her hot clit sent shivers running up Penny's spine,
accompanied by a host of goose bumps on her arms, legs, and chest.  She jumped
as the shivers ran through her, which inevitably meant moving her trapped
breasts, which brought on yet another wave of sensations from her
over-stimulated nipples.

She could feel the dildo slipping deeper and deeper inside her, until her pussy
seemed near the bursting point.  She felt the dildo being drawn back a fraction
of an inch, and then he began pumping it in and out of her, just as his finger
had been doing a few moments before.  But the dildo was longer, thicker, and
harder than his finger, and stimulated her pussy walls in a very different way
than his finger.  "Fuck I wish that was his cock,' she thought, almost saying so
out loud but catching herself before she broke his rules.  With her hormone
levels beginning to peak, she was quickly coming to think of the rules as
irrelevant and unimportant; the only thing that mattered now was a strong hard
orgasm.

Soon she felt a telltale twist in the dildo, and the vibrator sprang to life
like dozens of angry bees, except these particular bees were deep inside her.  A
soft moan escaped her as the vibrations spread from her pussy to the rest of her
body.  The pumping of the dildo slowed now, the thrusts deep and purposeful,
sometimes with slight twists when he varied the speed of the vibrator.  Then his
weight shifted on the bed, and dildo was forced deep into her by his knee.

Lost in the hypnotic effect of the vibrator, she barely noticed as he removed
first one clamp and then the other from her sore nipples.





~~~ Him ~~~

Dropping the nipple clamps to the floor, Nick smiled at his wife's moans and
sighs.  Careful not to move his knee enough to disturb the vibrator busily
working inside her, he leaned over her chest and used his tongue to gently
caress each nipple in turn.  Knowing they would be sore from the clamps, his
actions were delicate and soothing.

Still massaging her nipples, he reached for the control at the base of the
vibrator and twisted it to the lowest setting, not wanting to push her over the
edge too soon.  His kisses were faint on her skin, as he alternated between her
nipples and her breasts.  For the longest time he stayed there leaning over her,
motionless but for his mouth and tongue, his attention devoted to pleasuring her
breasts.

Once he thought her nipples had sufficiently recuperated, he leaned back on his
knees, turned off the vibrator, and slowly withdrew it from her pussy.  The
whimper she let out told him what he already knew; she had been enjoying the
attention she had been receiving, and wanted much, much more.

Getting up he placed the vibrator on the stand and circled around to the foot of
the bed.  Kneeling between her legs, he slid his hands slowly up her legs,
letting himself fall forward until his face was inches from her sex.  Leaning on
his elbows, he lightly blew up and down her slit while teasing the nub of her
clit with one finger.  Rubbing in circular patterns, then up and down, then
gently pressing down on her tender nub, he drove her even closer to her peak.

She writhed under him, trying to escape his torturous touch, but the combination
of binding ropes and the weight of his upper body on her legs prevented all but
the slightest movement.

Grinning at the futility of her attempts at escape, he continued his loving
assault on her clit.





~~~ Her ~~~

Penny's head swam in a whirlpool of emotions and sensations that coursed through
her.  Her focus shifted constantly between the embarrassment of being so open
and vulnerable, the pleasure of his touch, and the now all pervasive desire to
feel his cock deep inside her body.

Soon his finger was replaced by his tongue, licking, pressing, and sucking at
her nub.  Just when she thought she could experience no greater pleasure, the
warmth and eagerness of his tongue pushed her beyond desire.  She wanted him,
needed him inside her soon, or she felt she would explode.  Of its own volition
her back arched, lifting her clit and making it more accessible to his tongue. 
Before long only her ass and the back of her head were on the bed.

His tongue wandered down the length of her lips, splitting them and teasing the
opening of her pussy.  She could feel him straining to reach her depths, his
tongue twisting and turning inside her.  Straining to lift her sex as high as
possible, she thrashed against the bonds that held her arms.  Her only thought
was to grab him by the back of the head and pull his tongue deeper into her
body, but the rope held her firmly in its grip.





~~~ Him ~~~

Her scent and her taste overwhelmed his mind.  Her moaning and the sight of her
quivering body threatened to overload his senses.  His tongue roamed of its own
accord, along the length of her pussy lips, around her nub, then back down her
lips and into her as far as he could possibly reach.

It was too much for him.  His cock was raging, its sole desire to fuck her.

Jumping up from the bed, he quickly stripped and tossed his clothes by the door. 
Picking up the vibrating egg and setting it on the bed by her hip, he knelt on
the bed between her knees.  He leaned forward, slowly and gently sucking each of
her nipples, aware that they were still very tender.  Leaning further, his cock
brushing against her pussy, he lightly kissed her lips.  She hungrily returned
the kiss, their tongues seeming to fight each other for space.

Raising his hips enough to line up his cock with her slit, he pushed into her. 
She was so wet he felt almost no resistance as he impaled her sex.  The loud
moan that escaped her mouth was muffled by his mouth still pressed against hers. 
Once deep inside her, he ended their kiss, and returned his attention to her
nipples and breasts.  His thrusts inside her started painfully slow, coming out
almost to the point of separation, then returning as deep as her body would
allow.

He began pumping his cock inside her, gradually building up speed.  Soon he was
pounding into her, his thrusts shallower to avoid going too deep and injuring
her.  He had reached a plateau of sorts; he felt he could fuck her like this
forever.  Her hips rocked and lifted beneath him, trying to keep pace with him. 
The pleasure built steadily inside him.

Suddenly he passed the plateau; with each thrust he felt closer to exploding
inside her.  When he thought he was dangerously close to cumming, he quickly
changed to slow, deep movements, slowly falling back from the edge of orgasm.





~~~ Her ~~~

She smiled devilishly.  'He's too close,' she thought, happy in the knowledge
that he had come so close so quickly.  'I always keep him coming back for more,'
she laughed as she felt him slowly pushing in and out of her.  She tried to move
her hips faster than he was pumping inside her, teasing him and keeping him
close to cumming, but he managed to thwart her efforts by slowing his pace to a
near standstill.

Then the smile on her face was replaced by a shocked expression as cold metal
came in contact with the hot skin of her clit.  The shock melted into oblivion
as he turned on the vibrating egg.  She moaned softly as he carefully positioned
the egg, then thrust his cock deeper inside her, pinning the egg against her
nub.  Her body relaxed completely as the egg began to weave its spell over her,
as it always did, the vibrations hitting her clit with enough force to send wave
after wave of pleasure throughout her body.  Head rolling from side to side, her
breath coming faster, she could feel a massive orgasm building deep inside her.

He rocked gently back and forth, just enough to add to her excitement.  No
matter how he moved, he was careful to never dislodge the egg from its nest.  In
and out, in and out, the base of his cock ground the egg deeper into her pussy. 
With each movement, the egg's vibrations were exaggerated, heightening her
pleasure.

Adding to the maelstrom of sensations racing through her body, he began to suck
and tease her nipples with his tongue, tracing a line between them as he moved
between the two.  She could feel his teeth scraping over one nipple, when
suddenly he bit down, lightly, but more than enough to be felt.  Involuntarily
she twisted away from his mouth, her nipple seeking escape.

Her motion moved the egg from its nest, and she whimpered faintly for him to
replace it.  She felt him shift the egg with his hand until it was almost
exactly where she wanted it.  It was close enough; she was so near the edge now
she could think of nothing else.  As he drove his cock deep inside her, forcing
the egg into the folds of her sex, she could feel the final crescendo start.

Fucking her slowly, grinding the egg into her clit, teasing her nipples and
breasts with his tongue and hand, he led her to the edge of orgasm.  Just when
she thought she could take no more, he pushed her over the edge.

"Oh fuck, Fuck, FUCK!!!" she screamed as the first waves of orgasm crashed over
her.  She was vaguely aware of him pulling the egg away from her clit as he
began to pound his cock into her, fucking her hard and deep.  "Fuck me, oh, FUCK
ME" she screamed, louder than before.

She felt his finger brush her lips, reminding her that she wasn't supposed to
speak.  Not caring about anything but her orgasm and his cock inside her, she
cried out one last time.  "FUCK!"





~~~ Him ~~~

He continued pounding his cock into her sex as she began to descend from the
heights of ecstasy.  Any thought of prolonging the moment had long since past;
his member was now in complete control.  Leaning over her and grabbing her
biceps in his hands, he pinned her already bound arms to the bed, using his
leverage to fuck her deeper than before.

As he held her forcibly to the bed, she began to fight back, though they both
knew her struggle was in vain.  She rocked and bucked beneath him as his cock
continued is merciless assault on her pussy.

He flicked one of her nipples with his tongue, then hungrily gathered it in his
mouth and started sucking on it.  As tender and overused as her nipples were,
she bucked even harder beneath him, trying to free her bud from his grasp.

"Oh fuck," he grunted as his balls tightened and he felt the first wave of his
orgasm.  His thrusts became slower and deeper, as he exploded inside her.  His
arms went weak, and it was all he could do not to collapse on top of her as
spasm after spasm washed over him.





~~~ Him ~~~

Feeling drained and sated, he rested on his elbows, careful to keep his weight
off her chest, his cock still hard in her pussy.  He watched as her body relaxed
and a calm placid look formed on her face.  Basking in the moment, he planted
light kisses on her breasts, chest and neck, careful to avoid her still erect
nipples.  Soon his lips found hers, and they shared a long, slow, passionate
kiss.

All too soon, he felt his erection fading.  Regretting that they couldn't stay
like this all afternoon, he slowly retreated from her body.  Standing stiffly
beside the bed, he picked up the extra towel and gently cleaned her off. 
Tossing the towel on the floor, he sat on the edge of the bed, stroking her hair
with one hand as the other lightly rubbed her stomach and chest.

Leaning forward, he kissed her lightly on the lips.  Then he stood up and
gathered his clothes, and snuck out of the room as quietly as he could.  He
washed up in the bathroom then got dressed in his work clothes once more before
returning to his wife.

Reentering the room, he took another CD from the dresser drawer.  Stopping the
CD that was playing in the stereo, he placed the new CD in the stereo and hit
play.  He knew that she was hearing his voice giving her some final
instructions, then asking her agreement to those instructions.  He stood leaning
against the closed door, eating up the beautiful image before him while he
waited for her response.





~~~ Her ~~~

Penny was startled by the abrupt end of the music in her ears; she had become so
wrapped up in the moment she had almost forgotten about it, at least until the
music ended.  Without the music she could hear him doing something with the
stereo, and then suddenly she heard his voice, but it was coming from the
headphones, not from him.

"Hello, my Love.  If you are hearing this, it means our play time has come to an
end.  Hopefully it is a satisfactory end for both of us.  I am going to release
you in a moment, but I have one last instruction for you.  When I finish
speaking, you will hear music again.  Even after I have released your hands and
feet, continue to lie in the same position, and do not move until the music
ends.  If you agree to this, nod your head and say 'Yes.'"  Then his voice was
replaced by the opening rifts of Bon Jovi's 'Bed of Roses.'

'Easy enough,' she thought, nodding her head and replying affirmatively, feeling
like she was talking to herself.  It dawned on her that they had just had sex
without saying a single word to each other.  She had not seen even a glimpse of
him since he had arrived home, and she had a suspicion he would be gone before
she got up from the bed.

Sure enough, she felt his weight shift on the bed.  His lips brushed hers in a
final delicate kiss.  Then she felt him get up off the bed, and soon felt her
feet being unlocked from the ropes, and then the cuffs were unlocked and removed
from her ankles.  Next her wrists were unlocked from their ropes and her wrist
cuffs were unlocked and removed.  As he removed each cuff, he gently massaged
the limb that had been trapped for so long.  She wiggled her fingers
appreciatively, and stretched her arms and legs, but following his instruction
she stayed spread out on the bed.





~~~ Him ~~~

After releasing her from her bonds, he snuck out of the room.  Taking a pen, a
sheet of notepaper and a piece of tape from the kitchen, he quickly wrote a
parting note thanking her for a wonderful lunch hour, and describing her
punishment.  Once written, he taped it to the master bedroom door.

Then checking that everything for her punishment was ready, he put on his shoes
and quietly left the house, locking the front door behind him.

Once he was on the road, he glanced at his dashboard clock and saw that it was
almost one o'clock.  'I guess I'll be a little late getting back from lunch,' he
thought, then laughed out loud as he imagined the reaction he would get from his
coworkers if they had even an inkling of what he had been up to during his lunch
break.





~~~ Her ~~~

Penny waited a few minutes for him to touch her somewhere else, but realized
that he must have already left the room.  Soon another song began to play; this
time it was Seal's 'Kiss from a Rose'.  She hummed along with the familiar tune,
wondering how long he would have her stay like this.

When the song ended and nothing followed it, she lay perfectly still for a few
heartbeats, before deciding that the music was truly finished.  Finally allowing
herself to move she quickly untied the scarf and blinked in the brightness of
the sunlight.  The headphones had begun to ache in her ears so she gladly
removed them and tossed them on the bed alongside the scarf.  Looking around the
room as she lay there allowing her eyes to adjust, she saw the vibrators and
nipple clamps strewn on one of the TV stands.  The cuffs she had been wearing
were sitting on the bed next to the ropes that had held them.  On the floor was
one of the towels; the other was still underneath her.

Sitting up, she wrapped the towel around her then got up quickly, immediately
regretting that decision as she fought the rush of blood to her head and the
room spun slightly around her.  Looking around again to see if she needed
anything, she opened the door and walked down the hall to the bathroom.

She cleaned herself up then went to the hamper where she had laid her clothes. 
But the hamper wasn't there.  'What the devil did he do with that,' she thought,
looking in the closet and the tub but not finding it.

Deciding she'd just put on fresh clothes, she made her way to the master
bedroom.  Turning and pushing the knob in habitual fashion, she ran full tilt
into the door when the knob failed to turn.  "What the hell?" she asked no one
in particular as she tried the knob again, still without success.  Looking
closely at the doorknob, she immediately realized that the doorknob had been
changed; their bedroom door didn't have a key lock, but it did now.  For a few
seconds she stared at the knob, wondering what kind of game her husband was
playing now.

It wasn't until she stepped back from the door that she noticed a piece of paper
taped to the door.  Ripping the paper off the door, she quickly read the note
and discovered the nature of his 'game.'





~~~ The Letter ~~~

Hello, my Love,

Let me begin by saying that you are amazing, in every sense.  This has been a
day I will never forget, and I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.

However, I clearly stated in my written instructions that if you disobeyed me
you would be punished.  You disobeyed me, not once but four times.

1) You should only have been wearing my t-shirt when I arrived home.

2) You changed the volume of the stereo.

3) You looked under the red towel.

4) You spoke without permission.

I have decided to punish you for only one of these transgressions, and the
punishment should fit the crime.  You will notice that the door to our room is
locked.  All of your clothes are in that room.  If you want your clothes before
I get home, you will need the key to the door.

I am sure you will be mad at me for punishing you like this, but it is for your
own good.  You must learn to do as you are told.

I love you,

Nick



Flip over the note for the key.





~~~ Her ~~~

Furious, she flipped over the note and then stared in disbelief at the audacity
of her husband's 'punishment.'

The back of the note contained only one line:

"The key is in the mailbox."

Penny reread the note then glared at the locked door, her mind swirling with
conflicting thoughts, ranging from the pitiful, 'How could he do this to me,' to
the vindictive, 'I'm going to kill him.'  Mostly, she wanted to kill him.  They
had had their fun, and she was done playing.  Unfortunately, he wasn't.

Her most pressing thought was also her most immediate problem.  "How the hell am
I going to get that key?"

Her first thought was that she would need clothes to get to the mailbox, which
was at least 200 feet from the house.  She dashed through the house with the
towel still wrapped around her, checking the washer and dryer, checking the
bathroom, checking anywhere she could think that there might be clothes, hoping
he had missed some small stash of clothing.  Her search turned up a mismatched
pair of socks that the dog must have swiped from the laundry, and the scarf she
had been blindfolded with, and the t-shirt and panties she had been wearing,
which were now nothing more than worthless rags.

Realizing that there were no clothes to be found in the house, she stood in the
kitchen staring out the window at the mailbox, one hand still holding his
handwritten note, the other keeping her towel wrapped around her waist.  The
mailbox might as well have been on the moon as far as she was concerned.

Then her gaze fell to her car, and inspiration hit her.  She ran to the linen
closet and grabbed a blanket off the top shelf.  Dropping the towel and wrapping
the blanket around her body, she covered herself from her chest down to her
ankles.  Hunting through her purse she found her keys, then putting on a pair of
sneakers she unlocked the front door and opened it while standing out of side.

Listening for traffic and hearing none, she ran for her car and quickly unlocked
it.  Jumping in, she started it then backed down the driveway until she was even
with the mailbox.  Rolling down both windows, she listened intently for traffic,
thinking how embarrassing it would be for one of their neighbors to drive by and
see her walking around their yard wearing only a blanket.

Hearing nothing but the happy singing of robins, she made a mad dash for the
mailbox, grabbed the key and dove back into the car like the devil was on her
tail.  She tore up the driveway, and after a final run to the house she was
safe.





~~~ Her ~~~

A couple minutes later, now comfortably dressed in a fresh pair of shorts and a
t-shirt, she decided it was time to call her husband.  She figured he should be
back at work by now, and she didn't want to wait until she had cooled off.  She
was mad, and she knew just how to get back at him.

The phone rang several times, and she began to expect the answering machine when
suddenly he picked up.  "Hello?" he said in a rather rushed tone, meaning he
hadn't had time to even check the call display to see who was calling.

"Hello, dear," she replied, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

"Hi," he answered sweetly, "How are you?", as if it were just a normal day and
he had just gotten back from eating lunch with some of his coworkers, instead of
fucking her.

"Oh, I'm fine.  I just wanted to let you know that I got my clothes.  You've got
lots of work ahead of you this weekend," she said coyly.

"Oh?  What do you mean?" he asked cautiously.

In her most sincere voice, she fed him her story.  "Well, I didn't see your note
until after I had kicked the door in frustration."  She paused a second for
effect.  "The door frame is in bad shape, and there's a big hole in the plaster
where the lock bolt was.  Looks like a bit of a repair job."

There was silence on the other end of the phone.  The silence told her that he
was buying the story.  He was likely grasping for something to say, probably an
apology or something along those lines.

Not waiting to give him the opportunity to say anything, she continued. 
"Anyway, I know you're busy, so I'll let you get back to work.  You can look at
it when you get home.  Love you."  And she hung up.

'What I'd give to see the look on his face,' she thought.  Sure it was cruel,
but he had started it.  Besides, he himself had said, "the punishment should fit
the crime."



The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nicolae Tobin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





