BDSM Library - How The Masters Took Control Of My Life




How The Masters Took Control Of My Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Guy with an interest in bdsm responds to an advert to see if a weekend session can live up to his fantasies - he realises rather quickly that it doesn't and wants out - unfortunately his new Masters have other plans...With one man on each limb, I was picked up and manhandled onto the chair.
  With my mouth gagged I tried my best to beg for them not to, but there was
  nothing I could do. Swiftly they set to strapping me in, cuffs over the wrists,
  a thick, tight leather belt around my waist, straps all up my chest, around
  my ankles. Within a few moments my naked body (except for my steel chastity
  device and collar) was locked into the chair, which itself was bolted to the
  floor in the warm, damp dungeon.  
The Leather Masters, as they were known to me, stood back and admired their
  work. I continued to struggle, completely in vain. I had been the Leather Masters
  slaveboy for about 2 years now. It had been a part-time thing, but they had
  always been in full-time control. Aged 22 I'd answered an advert so that I
  could gain a bit of bondage/sub experience. I wanted to see if I liked it,
  if it lived up to my fantasies as much as I hoped. I'd never anticipated what
  was to happen. They had a list of questions, which I answered back via email,
  height, age, weight, cock size, neck size etc. After they accepted me, I met
  one of them at a deserted lay-by in the country and after willingly being fitted
  with a blindfold, handcuffs and placed in the trunk of his car, I was driven
  to what I later discovered was a barn, in the middle of nowhere. I was interviewed,
  or rather grilled and then tested with a variety of sexual acts and bondage/torture
  positions. I hated it. Almost immediately I decided that my fantasies were
  just that and should remain that. Unfortunately, I had submitted to the rest
  of the weekend&hellip; Whilst I had decided that slavery was not for me, it
  seemed that the Leather Masters had decided otherwise.  
My wrists were cuffed to a pole, about 1m wide. To this pole was attached
  2 chains, leading up into the eaves of the barn. My ankles met the same fate,
  the chains leading from that were anchored into the floor. Slowly tightening
  the chains, I was raised up about 30cm off the ground, despite my muffled protests
  beneath the gag. I was completely naked and fully exposed, leaving them plenty
  of opportunity to set to work: they fitted a cruel steel chastity device &ndash; a
  homemade one. It was a small steel tube, clamped tight over my cock, a steel
  ring bound firm around the base of my cock and balls. To fix it in place they
  adopted a rather extreme (and escape-proof method). They pierced my cock and
  hooked a small loop thorough the hole. The pain was unbelievable, but suspended
  from the beams in the barn, legs spread-eagle, I had no choice in the matter.
  The ring was then locked to the chastity tube. Additionally, to prevent the
  ring at the base of my cock and balls coming off (which was impossible anyway),
  they anchored it in place with 3 further piercings at the base, and locked
  them to the ring. In later weeks I would try everything to get this horrible
  device off, but the locks and pierced mountings were all so close to delicate
  areas that there was no way of removing it without the keys, which were of
  course kept safe by the Leather Masters.  
In addition to the chastity device I was fitted with a steel collar, foam-lined,
  tight and escape proof. Nipple rings were locked through my nipples and then
  one of the Masters tattooed each of my ass cheeks with the Leather Masters'
  logo above the description "ENSLAVED". This was all in the first night! I was
  panic stricken and completely in shock. The first evening of my long weekend
  was over and the Leather Masters lowered me down to the floor. Tears streaming
  down my face, I was carried over to a low pillory, and locked into a kneeling
  position on the concrete floor of the barn &ndash; my wrists and neck were
  fixed in place, my ankles raised off the ground and strapped onto an uncomfortable
  bar. The lights were turned off and the doors locked shut, I was left for the
  night, a sleepless night of pure agony. Increasingly the pain grew and grew
  and by the morning I was desperate, tears streaming down my face. I would have
  done anything to get free of this position. This was something that the Leather
  Masters were counting on. They returned in the morning and took advantage of
  my exposed ass and each fucked me, one after the other. Then the leader, a
  man in his early 40s I guess, dressed head to toe in their standard leather
  uniform of boots, leathers and jacket &ndash; I would never see them dressed
  any differently. He spoke to me as I whimpered in total agony. Did I want to
  be released from this position? I nodded furiously. Good, well I was going
  to have to cooperate fully. I had to give the Leather Masters all the details
  about me, my home, my family, my friends, job, financial details, in short
  everything. I had no choice but to agree or I would have faced the rest of
  the weekend stuck like that &ndash; something my body just couldn't imagine.
  The gag was removed and I told them everything, absolutely everything. In return
  the gag was replaced and I was released from the position and carried over
  to a small (1m square) cage hanging from one of the beams. My wrists were handcuffed
  behind my back and my ankles cuffed together then I was forced into the mini-cage.
  They instructed me that I was allowed a couple of hours to rest, they left
  me to it.  
I couldn't get comfy in the cage. My wrists forced together by the tight
  cuffs, my ankles also in the same situation. My knees were forced up tight
  to my chest in order to fit in the cage, which was putting unwanted force on
  my chastity device and the piercings that hadn't yet healed. My mind was racing,
  although I think I did technically pass out for a while, the shock and exhaustion
  getting the better of me. 3 hours later I was unceremoniously dragged out of
  the cage and dumped on the floor. 2 bowls were placed infront of me, one of
  water, the other of a stodgy, foody mess. My gag was removed and I was instructed
  to eat and drink everything. My hands were still cuffed behind me so I dragged
  myself over the bowls and started eating and drinking. Forced to hurry by the
  men I ate as quickly as I could and then they picked me up and carried me over
  to the other side of the barn. My gag was removed, briefly to allow a leather
  hood, which was produced from nowhere to be pulled over my head. The thick
  leather smelled strong, it was obviously a new hood. I could do nothing to
  stop them pulling it tight and locking it to my collar with several padlocks.
  There were no eyeholes but there was a small hole over the mouth, enough to
  let the plug gag to be reinserted and locked behind my head. Suddenly there
  was this loud buzzing, white noise ringing in my ears, like it was right inside
  my head. For a moment I thought the shock had sent my ears into spasms, but
  I soon realised that the hood was fitted with mini wireless earphones, covering
  and pushed into my ears by the tight hood. I was placed down onto a stool,
  the centre of which had a large butt plug, which slowly slid into my exposed
  ass. Straps were drawn up and tightened around my waist, to prevent me from
  trying to pull off the plug. My wrists and ankles were uncuffed, ankles pulled
  up and re-cuffed onto either side of the stool. I felt a wooden pole placed
  along my shoulders and my wrists were cuffed to either end of it. Fixed in
  this position it was impossible to rest in any way. My ass hurt from the plug
  inside me. My ankles hurt from the position they were forced into and my arms
  and shoulders started to ache from being kept in this one position. The white
  noise was buzzing in my ears, I couldn't stop it entering my head, it made
  my normal thought processes impossible. I couldn't concentrate on anything
  except how I wanted out of this so badly. I twisted and flexed, I tried to
  whimper and moan. I was completely sealed off from the outside world. I already
  had no idea how long I'd been like that, or whether the Leather Masters were
  watching me endure this torture.  
After what felt like weeks (though it was more likely to have been a few
  hours) I could feel someone unlocking my ankles and straps and easing me off
  the stool. Still the white noise was playing and my wrists were still fixed
  in place &ndash; I couldn't tell now if this was some hallucination or actually
  happening. I was carried over a few metres and bent forwards over some hay
  bales where I was fucked again, 4 times, one for each of them. Their rhythm
  entered my head as they forced themselves deeper into me each time, for a moment
  it felt like I could hear a beat among the white noise, but that was probably
  just my mind playing tricks. Afterwards my wrists were freed and, white noise
  still playing, I was taken to the cage again and squeezed into it.  
The rest of the weekend was spent being moved from one torturous position
  to the cage and back again as they gradually wore me down. From the moment
  the hood had been placed on me and the white noise switched on, it wasn't removed
  until Sunday night, when I was permitted to leave. I was given water and pureed
  food though the gag, which had a clever tube device through which they could
  force-feed me.  
Sunday evening I was allowed to leave. The hood was removed, my clothes were
  given back to me, blinking to wait for my eyes to catch up with the light I
  stood and pointed at my chastity device, hoping they would unlock me so I could
  go. The Leather Masters all laughed at my innocence, some sheets of paper were
  placed infront of me. The title read "Contract of Servitude". I was instructed
  to sit on a chair and read through it before signing. The contract was very
  detailed. I was basically instructed that I was now their long-distance slave.
  I had been marked by them and now wore their property (chastity tube, piercings
  and collar). The contract stated that I would be permitted to return to my
  normal life but I must visit them for one weekend per month, without fail.
  They would fix the weekend and I would have to stick to it. In addition I would
  have to complete various tasks that they would send me via email to a specially
  set up email account. Tasks would include having to go to certain fetish club
  nights etc and performing certain duties at home when they desired it &ndash; basically
  anything they desired and instructed me to do I would have to carry it out.
  Whilst I'd been locked up they had used the information to go to my flat. Webcams
  had been installed, all running off my broadband line. They could now watch
  me 24/7 if they wished. Also, all of the information they had gained from me
  and from snooping around my flat would come in useful for blackmail purposed.
  Failure to abide by their instructions would result in punishment. Finally
  I would have to pay a fee to my Masters, &pound;300 per month, this would cover
  general admin/setup costs of servitude and also it would show my devotion to
  my new Masters. The payment figure can be raised or lowered at the Masters
  discretion and also depending on the slave's obedience. Failure to keep up
  with these payments or repeated failure to perform the set tasks would result
  in a revoking of the contract and an automatic default to a second contract.
  This was on a separate sheet, which I turned to next. This contract was one
  of 24/7 total slavery. If this contract were invoked then I would be kidnapped
  from my current life, NEVER to return. I would be taken to a secret location
  and kept there for the rest of my life. It would be a life of being trained,
  broken, tortured and used as the Leather Masters see fit. The first contract
  has a term of 5 years. If I can satisfy the Masters for this contract term
  then it and the second contract will expire and I will be permitted to go about
  my life. I was numb with shock, but had no choice but to sign the documents
  before being pushed into the trunk of the car and driven back to the road where
  my car awaited me. I started the engine and pulled away, putting my foot down
  until I was clear of them, then pulling over in tears. My hands pulled the
  view mirror into my direction and I clawed at the collar locked tight around
  my neck. My hands moved down to my crotch, where beneath my jeans the horrible
  steel device was tight around my cock and the piercings burned as they slowly
  healed. What the hell was I going to find back at my flat, what would happen
  to my life now, had they really just taken control of me?  
To be continued&hellip;  

Eventually I got myself together enough to drive home.  Still in shock, the
collar tight around my neck, the chastity device and associated piercings sore
and uncomfortable in my crotch.  The rest of my body was aching too from all the
positions I'd been forced into.  Basically my whole body and mind were stunned
and still trying to assess what had happened to me.  I parked up and gingerly
walked up the stairs to my flat, not knowing what to expect when I entered. 
Opening the door and stepping into the hallway, everything seemed fairly normal. 
I closed the door and breathed a sigh of relief, no major surprises so far. 
Then I spotted a webcam device on the wall above the door covering the hallway
area.  A cable led from it, which I followed into the living room.  Another cam
was mounted on the wall, then another, and another.  The kitchen had 2 cams, I
ran to my bedroom, another 3 cams in there.  Bathroom 2 cams.  My whole flat was
completely wired.  I ran over to my desk in the living room.  There was a note
on my computer keyboard, it was from the Leather Masters.  It confirmed what I'd
just discovered myself, that my whole flat was wired for webcams.  They'd been
in my flat and taken control.  My computer had been installed with the software
to cope with all these cams, all cables joining into a box which fed into my
computer.  I had a broadband link so I was instructed to turn it on and leave it
all running.  They had installed some messenger software too, so they could
messenger me with any instructions or orders.  Using the cams they could watch
me at home 24/7, every angle was covered.  I was their prisoner in my own flat! 
The note went on, they had decided that as I was now their slave, they would
control everything, even what I wear.  I was instructed to check my wardrobe,
which I did immediately - they had removed virtually all of my jeans and
trousers and most of my tops.  All that was left was a suit and a couple of
shirts for work, the rest was clothes they had placed there, leather jeans in a
variety of colours, pvc and rubber gear too. From that moment on I was only
permitted to wear a suit for work, the rest of the time I had to wear what they
told me to.  When wearing the work suit I had to wear a rubber all-in-one suit
underneath.  There was no flexibility in this and, of course, they had the web
cams to make sure that I followed their instructions.  I soon realised that
their grip on me during that weekend would not let up for now.  I had 5 years of
this ahead of me.  I crumpled to the floor. 

After a couple of minutes a beeping noise came from my computer.  It was a
message from Leather Masters.  The subject was "Sunday night instructions". The
instructions read that I had to dress in the rubber body suit immediately and
tie myself into bed spread-eagle, until the morning.  I had 5 minutes to do so
or I would face punishment.  My heart beating I set about getting ready.  I had
no choice but to strip off, knowing full well that they were probably watching
my every move.  I pulled on the rubber suit, with difficulty, it was so tight. 
But I managed it with a couple of minutes to spare.  Using the cuffs and ropes
they had left for me in my wardrobe I set about fixing myself in position,
turning out the light just before clicking the last cuff in place.  That was it,
although I knew I could release myself, I knew that my Masters would be
watching, listening, possibly in shifts...maybe they weren't, but I couldn't
take the risk.  Everything was happening so quickly, other than during my drive
home, mostly in tears, I hadn't had a moment to myself, and I had the feeling I
wouldn't any more, certainly not at home.  I tried to get comfy, the tight
rubber suit irritating my chastity device terribly. 
 
Monday morning I called in sick.  I'd hardly slept, despite how tired I was.  A
whole night fixed in the spread-eagle position, the rubber suit clinging tight
to my body, including all the sore bits.  At 8am I released myself and phoned
the office straight away, leaving a message with the boss.  I never call in sick
unnecessarily so I was sure they'd believe me.  I removed the rubber suit,
inspected my body to check recovery, which was very slow, and then showered,
feeling totally conspicuous glancing up at the web cams in the bathroom, knowing
they could be watching my every move.  I took time in the shower to tenderly
clean the piercings, flinching each time I doused them in soap. 

I knew the Masters would be in touch soon, once they realised I wasn't going to
work, so I changed back into the rubber suit (my instructions were that I had to
wear that, or whatever else they desired) whenever I was home alone.  I made a
bowl of cereal and I heard a "ping" of the messenger programme contacting me.  I
moved over to the computer, nervously.  The message read quite simply, "why
aren't you at work, you lazy piece of shit".  I typed my excuses back, careful
to end each sentence with "my Masters".  There was a pause and I thought that
was it, they just wanted to check up on me, I thought.  Phew!  I moved over to
the sofa and gingerly sat down, the tight rubber suit constantly reminding me of
my situation.  "Ping" another message.  I hurriedly finished the cereal and
moved over to the computer. "We did not give you permission not to go to work,
you feeble slave.  You will be punished.  Fetch the brown box from the cupboard
behind you..."  I opened the cupboard door, revealing a large box.  I pulled it
out, it was really heavy. "Ping" - another message from them, "Open the box you
worthless idiot, remove the hood, 2 sets of handcuffs and the bag marked
"weights", quickly". I did - it was packed full of bdsm items, gags, chains,
tape, cuffs, dildos, plugs, you name it, it was in there - and set them on the
desk next to my computer.  "Seeing as you will not be at work, we have full
control over you. You have 1 minute to lock the hood to your collar, leaving the
keys infront of the webcam at the computer.  Take out the 20g weights and lock
them to each of your nipple rings, then get on the floor on your knees and cuff
your ankles together, followed by your wrists to your ankles.  Leave the keys
for the cuffs on the floor infront of you.  Listen very carefully, we will
Messenger you when you may free yourself.  If you move an inch out of position,
we will simply lengthen the time for your punishment AND add an extra punishment
for when you next visit us.  It will be a long day, slave.  Your time starts
now!"  I had no time to think about the ordeal I was about to face.  I locked
the weights to each of my nipple rings (the rubber suit cunningly had little
holes exactly over my nipples), pulled the hood on, locked it in place, got on
the floor and cuffed myself.  Then I was stuck.  Back on my knees, which still
hadn't recovered from the pillory experience, and this time with added
discomfort from the weights pulling on my nipples.  Time ticked slowly, very,
very slowly...

I went through varying stages of pain and discomfort, my knees one minute,
overtaken the next by my nipples.  I was disoriented in the hood, and I'd not
had chance to turn the central heating off - it was warming up outside and the
flat was getting hotter and hotter...not good with me stuck in the rubber suit. 
Eventually, after what felt like a lifetime I heard the ping of a message
received.  I fell to the floor, only to yelp in pain from the weights bouncing
around.  I shuffled over to the keys and unlocked the cuffs, followed by the
rest.  It was dark outside, the clock on my computer read 9pm - I'd been out all
day and most of the evening...  The message read, "go straight to bed and lock
yourself into the same position as last night.  In future, you request
permission for ANYTHING which differs from your usual routine, you insignificant
slaveboy piece of shit." I went to bed as instructed, hungry and upset.  They
were taking control more than I'd thought possible.

At work I was useless.  Every single moment I could feel the collar, tight
around my neck, I could feel my cock trapped and encased in steel, the rubber
suit made me hot and bothered and I constantly lived in fear of it being
discovered.  I withdrew from my colleagues and friends more and more.  This was
just what the Masters wanted. They took more and more control.  They gave me
instructions on pretty much everything, not just on what to wear, but what I
could eat, when I had to be home by.  No evening was the same - gone were the
nights I could chill out in front of the television.  They had me exercising,
pushups, crunches, all manner of exercises.  My body became more and more toned. 
Many evenings they had me perform tasks such as writing essays about my devotion
to my Masters.  I had to produce projects about torture positions and training
situations - things that were then obviously tried out on me.  I was punished
for every single time I failed in tasks, in however small a way.  Slowly they
were moulding me, not just physically, but mentally too.  Some parts of the
routine became natural - it even got to the stage that it felt weird when I
didn't have to wear the rubber suit. 

After 2 months I was instructed to take a day off on holiday, to await a
delivery.  I had to wait for the delivery to arrive, stood up, weights on my
nipples, hooded and cuffed.  When the buzzer rang I had to be out of my
restraints and at the door before the courier went away.  As punishment for a
minor failing of mine earlier that week I had to accept the delivery still
dressed in my rubber suit - the first time anyone outside of my new world of
slavery had seen me as such - I was so embarrassed, but had no choice, conscious
that the cameras were undoubtedly watching my every move.  There were 2 surly
courier men at my door, they had a box about 2 feet by 3 feet, which they
carried into my flat, chuckling at my dress sense as I quickly grew more and
more embarrassed.  I got rid of them as quickly as I could, signing the
documents, mumbling something feeble about a fancy dress party being the reason
for my strange attire and ushering them out of the door, hearing their peals of
laughter on the street as I gathered myself and began to unwrap the box.  Taking
the cardboard sides off, it soon became clear what this was...a small cage.  My
Messenger rang out a "ping" as the final board came off the side.  It was a
solid steel mini-cage, with a sheet metal base and steel bars.  The message read
"this is your new sleeping area, slave.  From now on, when not with your Masters
you will sleep only in this cage, unless we say otherwise. We feel it is time
you tried it out, take your hood, your gag, your butt plug and cuffs, prepare
yourself and get in.  We will Message you when we want you to get out. You have
2 minutes"...  This was how my life was run, instructions and then a time limit
by which I had to be ready - I did not have a single moment spare anymore,
unless I was locked in a position of their choosing, when I then had all the
time they desired, but it was never my own time, I was constantly on their time. 
The cage was small, uncomfortably so, it was impossible to stretch out,
impossible to get comfy, added to the fact I was cuffed, hooded and plugged -
something that from that moment on would become my regular sleeping attire.  I
had no idea how much longer I'd be able to cope with this, but one thing I kept
repeating in my mind, it surely must be better than being trapped in their
dungeon 24/7 for the rest of my life, as contract 2 threatened...  
 
I lasted 2 years before I broke.  The first 12 months I had to completely
reorganise my life to fit in my new obligations, I distanced myself from friends
completely.  The tasks I was set became increasingly difficult, but I carried
on, I had no choice.  The �300 payment per month was crippling me, but I had no
option but to pay it.  They knew everything about me and I was powerless.  The
weekend visits filled me with dread - one month I'd failed miserably at some
tasks I'd been set and was sentenced to a whole weekend locked in the pillory on
my knees, every other hour I was whipped and paddled.  I had to take the week
off work to recover - it took me that length of time to be able to sit down
without bursting into tears - but of course during that week I was under their
control non-stop, there was no letup in the instructions they gave me, the
punishments I received.  Then during the next 12 months the Masters increased
the pressure.  Due to my repeated failure on the tasks my payment was increased
to �450 per month. I had to take up a second job in the evenings (when the
Masters permitted it) working in a bar - the Masters chose a leather bar for me
to work at - presumably they had some contacts there.  My humiliation only grew
as I was used as the bar slave, forced to do all the worst jobs.  I even had to
be the slave for people to experiment on during private bondage parties held in
the function room.  

I was constantly knackered. I'd deserted my family, the Masters had control of
my life.  I lost my office job, my performance had sharply taken a turn for the
worse, I was pretty much useless so they let me go.  The Masters seized the
opportunity and had me work full-time at the leather bar.  I had to throw away
my suit and lived and lived exclusively in the bdsm world.  Then finally I
snapped - I had �600 left in my account, I withdrew it and ran!  Knowing I
couldn't fly with all the metal devices locked onto me I took my car and drove
into Europe.  I'd gone off the rails.  I'd been trapped in the chastity device
now for nearly 2 years and was at the end of my tether.  I couldn't face another
task and absolutely dreaded another weekend of torture. 

I survived on the run for 2 weeks before the Leather Masters caught up with me.
They'd bugged my car on my very first visit and using a GPRS system they could
pinpoint my exact location.  They presumably let me have a little time to make
me think I'd gotten away with it.  I was at a campsite in remote western France. 
They jumped me at night, jabbing a needle into my arm and injecting me with a
drug that completely knocked me out.  I awoke in their transit van, mummified
head to toe in duct tape and with ropes lashed around my body fixing me to the
floor of the van.  All I could do was wait.  Driven, presumably back to UK, I
began to realise what awaited me.  The end of contract 1 and the beginning of
contract 2, the one they said would last for life...
 

To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  trappedlad


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





