BDSM Library - First Meeting




First Meeting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Its Very awaited First meeting between a Domme and a Sub After a Long online contact!
It all started at evening where a Traditional Indian ceremony was held and I
came there to his city to join, though in my mind the main reason was to meet
him... *smiles*. It was the first time we were going to meet, after months of
exploring the depths of each other's minds and hearts. As far as I remember,
from the first day we met... there was something special about our relation that
I was really very amazed how I was bonding so close to him in such a short time,
in such a manner. I told him to meet me at the ceremony at about eight pm in
evening. I knew he would be desperate when I will tell him to wait for that
long. I smiled at my self how I already knew he would be early, when he came
there. I noticed him in his simple but traditional style of clothes, and I felt
sudden urge to hold him close to me but I took my time before meeting him, in
one way tormenting him. I looked at him time by time just to see how he reacts
at my glares. He just stood there eagerly waiting for me to come to him and
talk. His sight was fixed on me. I smiled thinking about the next nearly-36
hours that we were going to spend together.

I made my way to him after a long time. I stood in front of him holding a
cocktail glass in my hand, saying nothing. He was very well composed when I
looked at him; he looked back straight at my face. Our first eye contact... he
was lost in my eyes... I was burning ... he ignited a fire within me from the
first second I saw him, and now he was seeing it too. He trembled at that fact
and looked down partially with respect and partially because of a pinch of fear
as he felt my power, my dominance. I smiled, told him to wait for me for 20
minutes in parking lot and gave him signs to identify my car. I said farewell to
most of the guests and relatives and went to parking lot to get hold of
*something* that was going to be 'mine'.

As I walked to my vehicle I saw him standing there... he was thinking or may be
imagining, I did not know. I just loved the way he looked. I came near and
snapped my finger as he came back into reality. No words were spoken yet as I
motioned him to front passenger seat and set my self up on drivers. I drove out
of parking lot to a lonely road. Silently he just went on with the situation
that was getting very intense minute by minute, as we both knew what the other
was thinking and feeling. On my way, I found an abandoned alley, I drove in and
stopped my car... I told him in one gesture to get into back seat of the car. He
was surprised as well as aroused at the same time... In fraction of minute we
both were in the back seat. I moved closer to him, as I felt his heart pounding
in his chest... I undid the buttons of his "kurta", touching his smooth soft
skin. He closed his eyes as my searching fingers were making him feel vulnerable
to me... next he felt two things, a sudden pinch and twist at his nipple by my
cruel fingers and my breath on his ear as I spoke to him, " I've been waiting
for this time, dear." He said nothing as submissive feelings were capturing his
mind... there was silence other than heavy breathing of his and a lil moans of
pain as I played with his nipple twisting and pinching. Looking at His face with
almost devilish smile, I took my hands away after a while. He sighed softly as
the pressure eased, but it felt more like an effect of being away from my touch.
This one here was making me feel like never before...my arousal wasn't hidden
from him too. I decided that was enough for that time... looked at my watch, and
indicated him to go back in front seat. Without any hesitation, he went back on
the passenger side. I set my self back in driver's seat. Before starting the
car, I again looked at him...he looked back ... eyes met. This time, the very
next second, with respect that a submissive shows to his dominant, he looked
down. I smiled again.

Taking my scarf out of my hair, I told him to bend forward, hands behind his
back. He obeyed immediately. I bound his hands behind, than put the safety belt
on. I took off the butterfly clips I had in my hairs and with other hand I
grabbed his hairs. He flinched at my force, as I pull his head backwards and
closer, coming near. I whispered in his ear, "My dear sub, u are going to have a
good reminder of me all of the time". And with that I put one clip directly on
his left nipple. He moaned and closed his eyes as the clip bit painfully on his
flesh almost piercing it. I bite down on his ear lobe, putting second one on
right nipple. I backed off, and started the car. He managed to set his self and
calm down. I looked at him many times while driving. Smiling, seeing the agony
on his face, seeing him enduring the pain caused by clips, caused by ME. He was
actually squirming in agony because of the red-hot pain in his nipples. Than he
got used to it as time passed ... I reached hotel in 25 minutes and drove my car
direct to the main door. . Untied his hands and told him to go and wait for me
near the door. Escorting him out, I went to parking area. There, blushing at his
aroused state, he tried that no one finds out about the nipple clamps that he
had under his 'kurta'. Although it was crowdy place, he managed not to get much
attention towards him.

In 5 mins I came back. He was there, standing, near by the door... waiting for
me anxiously. The look on his face was making me ache to touch him again... to
feel him more... I went passed inside and told him to follow me. He followed my
footsteps. I straight went to my room, letting him inside, telling him to be
naked and ready for me when I come back. With that, I left the room leaving him
alone for a while. He striped completely naked, waiting for me with his head
bowed, hands behind his back, kneeling.

I went out side the room, closing the door. I came back after a long time...
making him wait for me more n more... giving him a sweet torment. When I came
back, I saw him kneeling... besides the bed, totally nude except the clips on
his nipples. It was indeed a sight to behold forever... submission written all
over him... When he heard my footsteps again, his excitement was making him
quiver. he was nervous and scared though excited. He closed his eyes and his
member started getting rock-hard. He was feeling pure submissiveness as he
sensed the glow of my dominance permeating the room. I came near... took his
chin in my firm hand and pulling his face up, I kissed his forehead, warm and
tenderly. He opened his eyes; and I saw the most beautiful smile on his face....
that moment joined both of us in an unbelievably strong bond. Like a moth to a
flame he was ready to die for me, and unbelievably that Flame was also getting
attracted to the moth ... He was special to me, so very much...

I stood like that for some time, than went to dresser, taking my traditional
ornaments and dress off... He drank in the sight of me... He watched me change,
his heart beating faster than ever. I smiled and changed my clothes. And wore a
black silk night- gown... sat on bad, making my self comfortable, legs crossed
and hands in my lap ... I felt him blushing as he was totally naked and he knew
he was vulnerable to my touch. I could feel his heart beat rising... waiting for
me to tell him something... I just looked at him, he at me... deep eye contact.
His mouth went dry; he looked down as he shivered at the fire in my eyes. It was
so overpowering, burning deep into me... into him.

I told him to open the dresser drawer and get my belt. His hard-on throbbed at
that order; he took out the black heavy leather belt and approached me on all
fours, offering it to me reverentially. I stood up. Taking the belt, telling him
to lie on his stomach on bed, hands stretched wide above his head... He did as
told. He was shivering in fear and anticipation, his now rock-hard cock poking
into bed. I offered the belt near his mouth. Telling him to kiss it. He kissed
my belt closing his eyes, deeply, devotedly... Submissively. I was pleased,
aroused, almost near the edge of orgasm. I warned him to stay still, and laid a
hard blow on ass. He clutched his fists tight... and moaned aloud, biting down
on his lips. He was a bit surprised at my harshness. I felt a shiver run down my
spine, Feeling the power ... the control. The pain shot through his body, only
to be replaced by the heavy heady feeling of submission. I gave harder lashes, 4
more. Leaving purple-red welts on his ass... He screamed aloud at the last lash
as the unbearable pain made his body wrack in agony. It was music to my ears.

I laid my self directly on his body. My mouth near his head, my silk robe
rubbing his welted skin. He moaned a lil again as I took his firm red cheeks in
my hand... squeezing a lil, whispering him to be ready for next. Shivering
slightly he replied, " yesss, Ma'am " I laid besides him than, Telling him to
get on his knees on bed, forehead touching bed-sheet. He did it, still in pain,
as his eyes filled with unshed tears. His mind overcame by emotion, could hardly
even think. I took his both wrists in my hand, pulling them forward. Keeping
them in tight grip of my hand... and with my other hand I started giving hand
swats, Feeling his firm ass... going slow... than Hard... getting the pace.
Going harder... faster...making him moan louder and louder with each blow. Long
hard smacks, which drove him to greater levels of pain. He was writhing as each
slap ignited a new spasm of pain through his body. I was getting aroused with
each moan of his. He was now moaning low and softly in pain and submission. Ohh
god, it was sending jolts of electricity through my whole body, ending at the
wetness between my legs, turning me on more so ever. I stopped and told him to
lie down. He did it slowly, than I bound his wrists together to the headboard
with my scarf, making him immobile. I got my belt in my hand again. His gaze
never left me... he shivered at the sight, the belt in my hand. He couldn't
believe I was going to prolong his agony, as he was already in so much pain. I
folded the belt double and cracked it in air...

He heard the whip-crack of the belt and whispered slightly, " please no Ma'am",
burying his face in the pillow.

I chuckled at his begging. He heard my confident laughter and he moved to see
the cruel look in my eyes as I looked down at him with belt in hand. His naked
body, tied to bed and his red ass. His eyes filled with tears now.

I cracked it again. Asking roughly, "you want to pleasure me, don't you?"

"Yes Ma'am. I want to"

"Than be ready to take this"

" Yes Ma'am", with that he tensed his body, getting ready to take more of my
harshness.

I raised the belt and started giving moderate lashes. Not so painful, but it
still made his skin hot red. I started it on his back... than going down, on his
thighs. Leaving his ass unlashed. Keeping it up with pace... he wailed in agony
as he felt the belt lash into his helpless body. He was feeling the
submissiveness, the helplessness, the longing. He closed his eyes and got into
it... in supreme submission... I am also getting into it... feeling the
dominance, bursting out, on him. Seeing his movements, which were making his
cock rub on bed... his moaning, loud with pleasure and pain, both mixed
together. It was getting extreme ... the dominant fire burning me from inside...
the power-rush in me... as I rained lashes on his vulnerable naked body.

My hand tired and I stopped, admired his body, which was now marked by my fire.
I felt a sudden lightning inside of me... Power and pleasure running in my
blood. I came near his squirming body running my fingers along the welt. He
moaned aloud as I played with his welts, scratching with my nails at the bright
marks, 'symbols of our relationship', of his devotion and submission to me.

I told him to roll over. He rolled over, wincing as his welts came in contact
with the bed, shutting his eyes in pain, his cock jutting out. I smiled and
started exploring his body. Started at feet. Running my fingers, Feeling the
muscles. Moving upwards. To his thighs. Possessively exploring his naked form,
admiring my property. Purposely not touching *my* hard cock... moving along
chest flicking the clips with my fingers, to his hands that bound above his
head. His constant moans encouraged me. I moved my fingers across his face. From
forehead to cheeks. Moving on his lips. Fingertips dancing along his lips as I
laid down on him. Taking off my robe. My soft skin touching his body. He gasped
as he felt my naked body upon his, his erection quivering as my warmth enveloped
him. I kissed my fingers. Offering them to him... his lips. He closed his eyes
again, eagerly sucked on my fingers, taking them in... as a woman would accept
her mans cock. My long hairs touching his chest, caressing as he made love to my
fingers with his tongue. I pushed inside more... same time rubbing my thighs
against his hard cock. I smiled as he moaned and more passionately sucked them
in, gently moving his mouth back and forth, pumping my long fingers. I rubbed my
self more to his cock... making him more n more hard...Aroused... His eyes shut
as he felt the sensations, Felt my fingers move dominantly in his mouth, his
cock leaking pre-cum as my soft thighs fondled it. I took my fingers out, wet
with saliva. I rubbed his balls squeezing them, rolling them between my fingers.
He moaned his surprise... softly...


I kissed him hard for the first time than... I looked at his eyes, he looked up
at me... and I saw sparkles in his... his warmth under me, soothing me... I
moved down, my lips brushing his as I kissed him more intensely...lips
melting... hearts connecting... passion rising... burning inside was cooling
down... and I knew this man was going to be mine, Forever...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Indiandomme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





