BDSM Library - The HoneyMoon




The HoneyMoon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Its a story an Indian Couple, out for trackking and camping in Mount abu hills. She is Dominant and He is her lover and submissive. Its a description of how they enjoy their trip throughout.
The night was sinister, dark and hushed except for provoked sounds of crickets.

Mallika took a twig and patted it across the parched ground to make the noises
of crickets stop. It worked and those sounds fainted. She just sat there in
silence on a wide rock, away from their tent. She would wait for some more
minutes before she goes back inside their warm cozy tent.

Dev was some meters away... searching for small branches to light up a campfire.
He was bent down, with a torch in his hand, gathering the wood. In that
yellowish light, that stark black sleeveless T-shirt accentuating his wide chest
looked great on him with that pair of gray slacks. Mallika smiled slightly. She
couldn't see it clearly but she remembered how great that black mark looked on
his right upper arm where she bit him last night when they were on the bus ride
to this Abu Mountains. His blue sweater was tied around his waist, and she was
sure he would be sweating a lot cause of the physical work. She smiled more,
thinking about how she liked the way his male sweat smelled, specially when that
was a result of one of the attacks of her. Of course she liked attacking him,
out of the blue, like a lightening thunder. Taking him by surprise and breaking
his defense. Yes, he would always have a defense ready before he gives up. It
was like a ritual between them then.

He kept gathering stems as Mallika stood up and walked towards him slowly,
catlike. If he could see her eyes, he would see the smoldering fire that was way
superior to any other. She was all-set for another assault after last night.

She reached him, a few steps away. He didn't realize her presence; he was too
caught up in swiftly binding the stems. After some moments he stood up with a
stressed sigh. In his one hand he held the Torch, and in another he held the
bunch of stems bound by a diminutive cord. As he was trying to turn about, she
stopped him, putting a hand over his shoulder. It startled him somewhat but to
reassure him, she said in stern manner, " keep still, Dev. "

He did. Yet he also sensed her intentions. He smiled at her first mistake of
vocalizations. He would exceed her this occasion for sure. He started thinking
of a counter plan: what was much better, to scuttle or to clash. If he would run
for it, he could keep her away for some more time, in its own subtle ways it was
a victory. But as usual he knew the wrestle would follow. If he would fight
direct, he knew he would surrender eventually, but only when he would feel right
with it. So in anyways he thought he was well prepared for it.

The game plan was different in her mind as she smirked over his slightly tensed
figure. She knew he would try something to defy her. But She also knew that She
would make him surrender anyhow. She would bestow the surprise element right
away and win this one. Oh that poor boy didn't still realize that she knew all
of his weak points. She never felt guilty using them against him. And she would
do it again, today.

He stood there, clutching the bound stems tighter. He would not let her bind him
with that rope. He would not let her bind him at all tonight.

She smiled, as it was not her idea to bind him. In fact, He would be the one
running for that afterwards, to make her bind him. She went past the thoughts
and moved quickly towards him, but opposite to what he thought of.

He got a little confused; she wasn't going to grab the stems away. Suddenly he
realized what she was up to. But before he could turn back and away from her,
she kicked his left hand, and the torch went flying in the bushes, leaving them
both in the dark. She smiled cause she knew he wouldn't dare to go in there to
get the torch.

It was him next, who almost lost his heartbeat for a moment as he shouted,
"Mallika..." She knew he had paranoia of darkness. She laughed now as she could
sense him tremble slightly.

He heard her laughter fainting away and then he couldn't sense her around at
all.

As Mallika left his mind as well as surroundings, he got more aware of darkness,
bugs and Wild creatures. Oh how much he was scared of those. There was no light
around, none for miles except for the one in their tent. His heartbeat rose
again and he held onto the bound stems tighter, trying to make a run for the
tent. He thought he would follow that illumination to the safety, of the lamp
inside their tent. The only light he could hold onto for his life.

In that wild run, he stumbled quite a few times, scratching himself a bit here
and there. Thank god, he thought. He remembered big rocks on the way and
carefully avoided being smashed into them. But still he wasn't all-sure if he
was actually intentionally avoiding them, or it was just his luck that none came
across his path.

As he thought the tent was no more than ten meters away and he would reach there
without totally loosing his frantic mind, the lamp went off in the tent. Mallika
deliberately shut it off. He unexpectedly put a halt to his sprint, as if he was
glued to the land. He was looking at the tent wide eyed. He couldn't see
anything in the darkness. Nothing. His trembling went stronger. He couldn't
sense anything, and every little noise made him jump. He shouted, " Mallika, it
isn't funny. Light the lamp on..."

After more than twenty seconds, still there was no reply. She was like vanished
in the dark. He was more worried as he shouted again, " please Mallika, you know
I...."

And there was a sudden thud beside him, stopping his talk midway. Like someone
moved the rock, or thrown it. He turned and took a few steps away bit by bit,
cautiously looking in the direction of the sound.

Then there was another similar moving sound just behind him. He could only
whisper low that evaporated in the dark very quick, " Is that you... "

Again there was a no reply. He was no more worried where was she... He knew it
was she. But the other question was that if it was she, then what she was doing?
Was she just scaring him, or did she have anything else in her mind?

The fear was pondering in his mind with all those questions. He closed his eyes
for a moment, trying to trust it was she, and he would keep calm. Paranoia was
still there yet.

He corrected his throat and spoke loudly, to none in the darkness, " I'm going
to sit right here, and I'm going to wait for you."

The only reply was the silence, with the other noises of bugs. He kneeled there
carefully, making himself a little comfortable.

Both side the silence stretched into eternity. At least to Dev it seemed so.
Suddenly he heard some rattling of the chains, and a smile came to his face. He
knew now what to say and how. He figured it out, her plan. And he would go along
with it.

He spoke again, " You want to have me, don't you?"

Still it was a silence. He kept speaking regardless cause he knew she was there,
counting each breath, " you want to tie me up, and make me feel helpless..."

Some more silence poured out in that darkness. He thought for a moment and went
on, " I'll do that for you, you know I'll go along with anything just to have
you by my side..."

Silence. Scariest of all. Why wasn't she responding to his invitations?

He spoke, slightly nervous, his built up confidence leaving him bit by bit. " At
least let me know you are there... I'm really scared..."

Next moment, two medium-length chains and four snap-shut locks were thrown
before him, where he was kneeling down. It turned him on and scared him more, he
moaned at just the thought of chaining himself up in the darkness, not knowing
what she would do to him next.

He tremble with fear and excitement, his voice almost inaudible as he whispered
to her, "please... not the chains..."

This time he heard her laugh, she of course laughed out loud. She knew he hated
the chains. His ability to get out of rope bondage was very well known to her.
In the ropes he never felt truly helpless. But the chains, he couldn't escape,
he was immobilized, and he was not that easy with that.

He picked up the chain and changed his position as he sat on the ground. He
thought about all of it again, he looked at the chain and trembling more he
almost faded into thoughts. Something snapped, like he was total different
person in himself. He looked at it again and again, and after several moments,
he asked in a very superb submissive tone, "Do you want me to take my clothes
off?"

It was her time to get surprised now. He never surrendered so easily. Until
unless she put him on the edge and he got scared to death, he would not
surrender. It was unspoken but very well known fact for them.

He waited for a reply. But as he got none, he got the clue. She always liked him
naked. He pulled his T-shirt off his chest, and lying on his back for a moment,
he pushed his pants down. He spread that T-shirt carefully on ground and sat
back down again. Then he took the chain in his hands. Starting with the left
ankle, he used the lock to loop the chain once and lock it shut with it self,
similarly with the other end of the chain he repeated the process with right
ankle, the chain giving comfortable slack because of its length. He went on to
his wrists. First he locked the right wrist and in the same manner went on to
restrict the left wrist. Before snapping the last lock on, he shook slightly,
cause with that last snap, he knew he was going to be facing the same roller
coaster ride of pain and pleasure again. He was purely going to suffer. 

Then he spoke again, directed to her but being not able to see her he looked up
at sky, " I did it..."

She came forward from darkness. He could sense her, but couldn't see her
clearly. He could just make out the outline of her body everything else was
covered in darkness. His heartbeat rose recklessly with each step he heard...

He cowered slightly as she stopped close to him, standing exactly in font on
him...
He moved back slight, and she stepped on the chain between his ankles and
grabbed the chain between his wrists in quick move. Before he realized what she
did, he could only feel he was being pulled forward. He tried to stand up, but
the chain didn't let him, and the chains on his wrist started to bite cause of
the force. He moaned at first, as he just endured, knowing it was what she
wanted. But as it continued further, he grunted loud with pain.

Standing in the same position, being able to see him much better than he could,
she felt amazingly powerful. She felt the power flow in her bloodstream. Mallika
was glad she never liked the campfire. She rather preferred the chill in the
night of Amavasya (no moon). Some how it added to her primal power. In those
downright dreadful Mount Abu hills, Darkness never scared her.

And He feared darkness. That made all of it more exhilarating.

He was shaking, cause he was naked and the chill was showing its effect on him.
He was moaning here and there as chains had already bruised his wrists, and each
touch of it was painful.

She got onto her knees and pushed his shoulder to make him lay down on his back.
He took the clue and lay back. She got on top of him on her all fours, placing
her legs outside his. She moved down as she kissed his chest, biting slight
there.

Chains rattled, as he held tight onto the chains, shaking both with the pain and
the cold. She moved up, biting his throat, as he moved his head back, exposing
him self and grunting louder.

She let go, and moved to his lips... he could feel her parted lips exhale her
pleasure on his lips. He could feel the moist warmth. He longed to move up and
kiss her, to draw some of that warmth, to feel safe and adored. He desperately
waited for her to kiss him, and not trying to kiss. Cause in that situation he
knew that one wrong move by him and she would leave him like that for the rest
of the night.

Instead of kissing, she darted her tongue out and licked his lips. He closed his
eyes, falling deep into the dark abyss just at that warm touch. She pulled him
out half way, as she stopped and whispered, " On your front..."

He figured what she wanted; though he didn't hear her clearly. In the stillness,
the chains again shouted out their undeniable presence by jangling as he turned
carefully, all the while she stayed in same position. As he settled with his
hand above his head and his body half lying on that T-Shirt, and half in un kept
lawn of that land. He suddenly remembered his ass had bumped into something
while he was turning. He realized that between her legs unambiguously stiff
dildo was strapped. And He moaned, "Oh god..." She was going to fuck him right
then and there.

She moved down, and bit on his shoulder as she heard him say that. It aroused
her, the fright that he had, the thrill that he showed. He whimpered loudest
this time. She whispered lying her self down on him, " Spread your legs..."

He spread them slowly, feeling vulnerable and afraid. She gritted her teeth and
said firmly, "Wider..." He did it swiftly, but with a whimper again.

She grabbed his ass, and pulled his cheeks apart, he threw his head back and
tensed him self, not prepared for the assault. She moved in regardless. There
was no time for comfort or kindness... he would have to relax after all, if he
would want to lessen the pain. She pushed the tip of the well-lubricated dildo
in his hole, and he struggled to remain calm and relax. After the initial push,
with utmost pain He knew she was not going to give him the time to get at ease
with that intruder. He would have to take it, as it is.

He tried to relax and relax as she slowly pushed all of it in slow stroked, a
little more inside each time. Once as she was all buried in him, she stopped for
a moment and enjoyed the feel of his pulsing asscheeks touching her crotch. 

He constantly moaned all the while, could feel it buried deep in his core. He
took a deep breath as she stopped, and before he could accommodate, she held his
hips and pulled the dildo out and pushed it in, rough and hard. He almost
screamed at the pain, as she continued.

As she changed the direction of the dildo, once it rubbed firmly over his
prostate, he let out a pleasure whimper intertwined in pain, not being able to
decide which was more overwhelming. She kept on in same direction, fucking him,
fucking his brains out. He half closed his eyes as he endured the blissful
assault...

At the edge of the orgasm, he moved back onto her with each push, wanting it as
much as she did. She suddenly stopped again after pushing the strap entirely
within him. He groaned with frustration, "Please... oh god... don't stop" and
She came hearing it. Hearing him need it, the need for her to fuck him. 
 
She trembled as the current like pleasure passed through her, the *special*
orgasm... the orgasm that didn't require anything else but his utter submission.
He kept moaning under her, feeling thousand times more submissive by her
pleasure at his own dissatisfaction.

She laid on him, spent slightly, but almost recharged again as she stood up and
pulled him up as well. She took out her torch from her pocket and switched it
on.

He was glad at the light. He was frustrated, taken roughly yet he was glad at
the light. He would have done that all over again for it, he thought. She
dragged him to their tent; letting his cloths remain there in darkness.

Somewhere far away in that bushes, Dev's torch was still throwing light...
saying silently that the night was not going to end yet so early.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Athenna


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





