BDSM Library - The Stud




The Stud
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A high school senior visits a university he is thinking of attending and is kidnapped.
The Stud

Chapter One



   Larry Edwards was a 5'10, 17 year old running back on the Kewaunee Indians
High School football team who wanted to play for the Badgers at the University
of Wisconsin at Madison. He was invited to the campus for perspective students
week during spring break in April. His parents drove him down for the visit
arriving late in the morning on Friday. Upon arrival they met the on-site
residential advisor 27 year old Scarlett Gravette.

   Scarlett who was 5'5" had long curly red hair that framed her beautiful face.
She was wearing a baggy green cashmere sweater and a red ankle length dress and
black 1" pumps assured Larry's parents that she would take good care of their
son for the ten days that he would be on campus and they left.

   "Let's go get you settled in, Larry," Scarlett said.

   They left the Administration Building, got in Scarlett's silver Lexus and in
ten minutes they were at the Harvey Street Student Housing Apartments and
Scarlett took Larry to his ground floor apartment.

   "Put your stuff away," Scarlett said. "I'll be back in a half hour and we'll
go to lunch."

   Larry was in his room about fifteen minutes when the door bell rang. He got
up from the kitchen table, where he was having a Diet Coke, went over to the
door and when he opened it he saw three women.

   "Larry Edwards?" asked one of the women.

   She was a beautiful 5'7" blonde with brown eyes, whose long straight hair
flowed over her shoulders. She wore a short black leather skirt with beige
pantyhose showing off her lovely legs and a tight white sleeveless T-Shirt which
was stretched by her 34" breasts. She didn't give Larry a chance to respond.

   "I'm Stephanie Glass," the 26 year old graduate law student said. "We would
like to talk to you. This is Kimberly Stanford and Desirae Dawson."

   "Uhhhh, what can I do for you ladies?" Larry asked awkwardly.

   Stephanie pushed her way past Larry and into the living room. Desirae and
Kimberly followed her, Desirae giggling and rushing through, while Kimberly
momentarily made warm, amiable eye contact with him as she closed the door
behind her. They were now in his apartment. Kimberly started to look around the
apartment. Larry, who was taken aback, could only step back out of the way,
looking at the young women warily, completely clueless about what was going on.

   "Hi, Larry," Desirae said seductively. "Wait till you see how much fun we're
going to have."

   Desirae, a 19 year old black sophomore, was wearing a low cut yellow
sleeveless pullover and tight jeans, she was the prettiest of the three
beautiful women. She had the freshness of youth, her brown eyes and long flowing
brown hair complimenting her face and full lips. Her voluptuous 36" breasts were
the largest of the three women.

   "Uh, what are you doing here?" Larry asked stupidly.

   The women began to move around the living room, leaning against the desk,
sitting on the couch, totally taking over his space. He hoped Scarlett came for
him quickly. Desirae leaned forward, her yellow pullover revealing plenty of her
chocolate colored cleavage.

   "That's for us to know and you to find out," Desirae said mischievously.
"Right, Steph?"

   "You could say that we are the greeting committee," Stephanie smiled.

   Stephanie was standing behind the armchair in the corner her hands on the
back of the chair talking with authority to a handsome but suddenly unsure 17
year old high school senior.

   "What?" Larry said shocked.

   "Why don't you sit down," Kimberly said gently.

   Kimberly a 23 year old junior spoke for the first time. She was a 5'6" leggy
blonde. She was wearing black rimmed glasses, a short cream skirt with a blue
sleeveless blouse that formed her 34" breasts. She moved gracefully and exuded
an air of friendliness that put Larry at ease.

   When Scarlett showed Cathy, Stephanie and Desirae a picture of Larry two days
ago they decided that he was just what they were looking for, an All-American
young hunk. Knowing that the homespun rural Wisconsin boy might be shy was a
real turn-on for them.

   "Relax, Larry," Kimberly said pleasantly. "Just relax."

   "What do you want?" Larry asked.

   Kimberly looked Larry directly in the eye.

   "We just want to talk to you," Kimberly smiled.

   "You're cute," Desirae smiled. "But I think you're shy."

   Larry could feel the heat rising in his face as he looked at Desirae who was
standing by the couch with one knee on an armrest looking at him.

   "Come on over here, Larry," Desirae said softly. "Sit down."

   Kimberly put her hand lightly on Larry's arm as her brown eyes met his and
she gave him a reassuring smile.

   "We're not going to bite you," Kimberly said. "We just want to talk to you
for a little bit."

   Kimberly gently led Larry over to the couch.

   "I like you, Larry," Kimberly smiled.

   "Okay," Larry said uncertainly.

   Larry sat on the couch, Kimberly sat down next to him. Very close. He could
smell her perfume and he could just feel the soft skin of her arm against his
arm. Stephanie walked behind the couch, leaned over the back of it and held her
head very close to his. Her long blonde hair fell onto his shoulders.

   "We all like you, Larry," Stephanie said a lilting voice.

   Stephanie and Kimberly were very beautiful sensually alluring women with
their perfume and the sensual air about them. They were different than Desirae
who was more girlish and younger. Larry glanced nervously over to Desirae, who
still had her knee resting on the armrest. She was looking down blatantly at his
crotch, with an expression on her face that he couldn't quite define but made
him more than a little uneasy. Despite his nervousness he felt his cock
reacting.

   "I think you all should go," Larry said. "Mrs. Gravette is going to be back
soon."

   Larry started to get up and Kimberly grabbed his arm and gently pulled him
back down.

   "I told you," Kimberly said. "You need to relax, honey."

   "I'm trying," Larry said, lamely.

   Stephanie stood up behind Larry.

   "Let's see what Larry has to offer us," Stephanie said

   "Yeah," Desirae said brightly.

   Desirae quickly sat down next to Larry on the couch, so that Kimberly was on
his right side and Desirae was on his left side. Stephanie again leaned in
behind him as she placed her hands firmly on his shoulders. Desirae exuded sheer
sexuality.

   "We want to take your pants off and see your cock, Larry," Desirae whispered
in a little girl's voice.

   "What," Larry exclaimed.

   It was the most shocking thing Larry had ever heard, and he tried to get up
but Stephanie pressed down on his shoulders as Kimberly and Desirae grabbed his
arms and held him down. Speechless, he looked to Kimberly, whom he had started
to trust.

   "Hey, what's going here," Larry asked.

   "Like Desirae said, Larry," Kimberly said reasonably. "We want to see your
cock. Now, let's get those pants off you, shall we?"

   Larry was shocked, not believing what he was hearing from these women.

   "No way," Larry exclaimed.

   Larry started to get up from the couch, he had to get away from them, to get
out of the house. As he did so Stephanie snaked her left arm around his neck
from behind. He could feel her soft but firm arm pressed against his throat.

   "Hey," Larry cried out. "What the fu---mmmmpppphhhhhh."

   Stephanie clamped her right hand over his mouth and nose.

   "Just enjoy it," Stephanie whispered in his ear.

   "Mmmmmppphhhhh, mmmmmppphhhh," Larry screamed into Stephanie's palm.

   Larry tried to shake Stephanie's hand off of his mouth.

   "Ohhhhhh," Stephanie giggled. "I just love a man's warm breath against the
palm of my hand. Pants him, girls."

   Simultaneously and quick as a wink, the sexy 19 year old Desirae and the
deceptively sweet Kimberly grabbed at Larry's pants. As Stephanie kept her right
hand clamped tightly over his mouth and his neck in the crook of her left arm,
he flailed his arms, struggling furiously to no avail as the seemingly more
trustworthy Kimberly's hands were suddenly inside his pants pockets while
Desirae's slender chocolate colored fingers started to unbuckle his belt.

   "Just enjoy it, baby," Kimberly said.

  Larry finally began to understand what was happening when Kimberly gripped his
thighs through his pants pockets, as Desirae unbuckled his belt. Once Desirae
reached to get at his pants button it struck him like a lightening bolt that
they were really going to try to take his pants off.

   "Mmmpppphhhh," Larry screamed in Stephanie's palm.

   Larry managed to pull away from Stephanie's warm, fragrant palm. He struggled
as he slipped from Desirae's grasp. Kimberly held onto one of his pockets with
her left hand and grabbed the zipper of his pants with the fingers of her right
hand, keeping him off balance. With Kimberly holding onto his zipper, as he
pulled away, it his pants unzipped leaving his loosened pants now held up only
by a single plastic button. His cock was noticeably bulging despite his
struggles.

   "Let me go," Larry screamed. "Somebody help me."

   "Yell all you want, baby," Stephanie said. "No one can hear you. We're the
only ones in the building."

   "Besides," Kimberly giggled. "You should be happy that girls want to see your
cock."

   Desirae was now holding on to one of Larry's belt loops, trying to keep him
on the couch while still trying to get at his pants button.

   "Come on," Larry pleaded. "Stop it."

   Larry was exhausted, near swooning from their perfume. But even as he knew
that he had to get away he felt his get larger, betraying him.

   "Come on," Larry cried his voice breaking. "Let me go. Please."

   Kimberly and Desirae held on adamantly to Larry's pants as he tried to stand
up. He lurched upwards and as he did, Stephanie leaned forward and put her arms
around his waist until her hands were clasped in front of his stomach.

   "Whoa boy," Stephanie said. "You're not going anywhere."

   Larry struggled to right himself, exhausted physically and mentally, he tried
to regain his balance. But Desirae's dexterous fingers finally, skillfully and
swiftly unbuttoned his pants.

   Larry slowly got his bearings, he began to feel secure that he was starting
to slowly regain control and that he could wrestle his way out of their soft,
feminine grasp. But the girls were stronger than he thought and he didn't move
nearly fast enough. Kimberly still had a hold on one of his pockets and Desirae
was now holding onto two belt loops, while, from behind, Stephanie slipped her
fingers inside both his pants and the waistband of his white cotton briefs. With
his belt unbuckled, his pants button open, and his zipper unzipped, it was no
contest. As Larry tried to stand up, all three girls used the force of their
combined weight and strength to pull him back down onto the couch. Desirae
looked Larry directly in the eye.

   "Stop it," Desirae said sharply. "Now."

   "OK, OK," Larry said.

   Larry decided that the best thing to do for the moment was to let the girls
think that they he was giving up. As Kimberly and Desirae started to pull his
pants and briefs down Stephanie reached her right hand down inside his briefs
and gave his ass a sharp pinch with her fingernail.

   "Hey," Larry yelped.

   Larry leaped up just enough to allow Desirae and Kimberly to pull his pants
and briefs past his butt. They pulled his pants down to his ankles but he felt
his briefs waistband catch on his cock leaving covered for a moment.

   "That just will not do," Desirae smiled.

   Desirae tugged at Larry's briefs over his cock sprang free, flopping forward
and out.

   "Boing," Desirae laughed.

   The girls were impressed by Larry's 6" heavily hanging cock and cheered.

   "I can't believe this," Larry said.

   Larry shook his head in disbelief unable to stop himself from taking in the
moment, seeing his cock exposed in the cool air and wagging impudently, as if
somehow separate from him, already large and swollen but not even close to full
erection.

   "Whoooo, he's a biggie," Kimberly proclaimed enthusiastically. "He's hung
like a horse."

   "Oh my God," Larry moaned.

   Larry tried to lean forward, grabbing at his pants while at the same time
trying to cover his cock and balls. They were dangling provocatively in unwanted
exposure and he could feel it undeniably stiffening, getting even bigger. How
could this be happening to him? He had to get away. But all the three girls kept
teaming up on him, pulling down his pants as he tried to pull them up and
protested fruitlessly, making his cock wave up and down and his balls bounce
around. His pants and briefs were pulled off his legs by Kimberly and Desirae as
Stephanie grabbed his biceps and held him tight, her nails digging into his
biceps.

   "We see your huge cock," Stephanie teased victoriously into his ear.

   "Enough," Larry cried out angrily.

   Larry started to struggle desperately. His thickening cock whacked against
his leg once, then got momentarily tangled in Desirae's hair. The wispy
sensation of her hair against the head of his penis was indescribable.

   "Oh my God," Desirae giggled girlishly.

   Larry was now more angry then frightened and felt and humiliated by what
these three beautiful girls were doing to him. But his cock seemed to have a
life of its own as it surged noticeably upward, starting to throb.

   "Look at his cock," Kimberly squealed with delight.

   Larry's struggles became wildly desperate, his engorged cock slapping back
and forth against his thighs which clearly had a mind of its own.

   "Let me go, dammit," Larry demanded.

   This only stirred the girls on. Laughing, they pushed their soft, feminine
bodies against Larry causing him to fall backwards onto the couch, their breasts
and soft skin swallowing up his body their perfume overwhelming his senses. He
was feeling a rush of feelings, most of all fear mixed with anger. He could not
believe what was happening. He was even more alarmed that he could not control
his cock. But what shocked him most of all was how excited he felt, feeling the
blood rushing to his cock, causing his cock to swell upwards.

   "He's huge," Stephanie observed. "And he's not even half-hard."

   All three girls laughed.

   "Stop this," Larry demanded. "Stop it now."

   Larry couldn't stop his cock from surging as it lurched from his lap.
Stephanie wrapped his cock in her soft hand, his mind lost all control of his
cock.

   "Oh, your cock feels so hot in my hand," Stephanie said. "I can feel it
throbbing."

   Kimberly and Desirae laughed as Stephanie gently milked his cock.

   "Stop," Larry pleaded. "This is crazy."

   Larry desperately tried to turn into the couch on his side to hide his cock
from the girls. Kimberly reached down and grabbed his balls in her right hand
and gave them a warning squeeze. Her left hand braced against his shoulder as
she sat right up against him and looked him directly in the eye smiling.

   "Don't move," Kimberly said. "Or it will hurt."

   "Oh God," Larry moaned.

   Larry angry and frightened looked into the eyes of the intellectual
bespectacled Kimberly as she continued to hold his balls in her hand gently
squeezing them as Stephanie continued milking his cock which now was more than
half hard and expanding quickly. His heart raced and every heartbeat engorged
his organ more and more in Stephanie's hand. The head of his cock swelled, huge
and purple. The three girls were watching his cock in awe. Desirae knelt down
before him and pinched the head of his cock.

   "Ouch," Larry cried.

   "Oh, poor baby," Desirae said. "Did I hurt you little cock."

   "Little," Stephanie laughed. "He's huge. Why I bet he's bigger than anybody
on campus right now."

   Larry moaned, losing himself, as Kimberly continued to milk his cock,
loosening her grip and tightening it.

   "That's it, baby," Stephanie whispered softly. "Get nice and big for me. But
you better not come."

   "Oh God," Larry moaned.

   Larry's cock grew bigger and bigger in Stephanie's teasing hand. He began
moaning in helpless pleasure as his cock reached its full size, strength and
length in her soft skilled hand. Her soft, slender fingers fluttered up and down
the shaft of his cock with appreciative squeezes, inspiring increased moans of
previously unknown fearful bliss.

   "I can't believe this is happening to me," Larry groaned.

   "This is fun," Kimberly cooed.

   Kimberly let Larry's balls go leaving Stephanie was in complete control of
him now, milking his to full erection as his cock throbbed in her self-assured
hand. Kimberly and Desirae looked wide eyed at the size of his cock in
Stephanie's hand, the three of them had never seen a cock so fully engorged and
enormous.

   Just as Larry was about to come Stephanie released his cock and slapped his
balls.

   "Aaaaaahhhhhhhh," Larry cried in agony.

   Larry's cock sprang up and slapped against his belly quickly going soft
without coming. Larry knew he was defeated and was frightened.

   "Stand up," Stephanie instructed.

   Stephanie grabbed Larry's balls.

   "I wouldn't want to damage these," Stephanie said.

   Stephanie forced Larry to his feet by giving his balls a squeeze.

   "That's a good boy," Stephanie purred. "Just enjoy the ride."

   Kimberly stood next to Stephanie in front of Larry and put her soft, feminine
hand under his shirt and on his chest.

   "Here, wait-a-minute," Kimberly said. "Let's get this shirt off."

   "Please, no," Larry begged.

   Desirae helped Kimberly pull Larry's T-shirt off of him as Stephanie knelt in
front of him keeping her grip on his balls. Desirae ran her hands over his
chest.

   "Beautiful," Desirae smiled. "He's very beautiful."

   "Yes he is," Kimberly agreed.

   Kimberly playfully pinched Larry's nipples as he squirmed and moaned
inarticulately trying to elude her tweak as Desirae walked over to the table
where she placed her purse and took a small bottle from her purse.

   "Let's give this poor boy some relief," Desirae smiled.

   Stephanie saw the small bottle of lotion in Desirae's hand as she walked back
over.

   "He won't last a minute," Stephanie smiled.

   "Oh my God, you don't have to do this," Larry protested weakly.

   "Sit down," Kimberly said.

   Kimberly took Larry's arm and guided him back onto the while Stephanie kept a
warning grip on his balls. Desirae squeezed some creamy pink lotion with a faint
scent of lilac into her hand.

   "If you stop now, I won't tell anybody what happened," Larry said. "I
promise."

   This only made the girls laugh. Larry had no energy to resist as Stephanie
and Kimberly sat down on either side of him on the couch. He could feel their
breasts press against his arms as the put their arms through his and hugged
against him holding him still. They placed their hands on his thighs and pulled
his legs apart. Desirae knelt down in between his spread legs, grabbed his cock
with her left hand and the sensitive head of his cock with her oiled right one.
She gave the head of his cock a squeeze and a twist as her grasp slipped over
and off the head of his cock.

   "Aaaahhhh," Larry moaned. "No more, please."

   "Get ready for blast off, you bad boy," Desirae said wickedly.

   Desirae grabbed the head of Larry's cock again and slipped her soft chocolate
colored hand up and down over it, making him squirm.

   "I'm going to make you come," Desirae smiled.

   "You bitch," Larry groaned.

   Larry felt overwhelmed and frightened, being held down by Kimberly and
Stephanie as Desirae made his cock her plaything. His cock was so hard and
Desirae's hand so soft and skilled, that the shamefaced but angry hunk's hips
started involuntarily rocking in response to Desirae's playing with his cock,
succumbing to the greatest sensation he had ever felt.

   "Come, Larry, come," Desirae said cheerfully.

   Sensing Larry was about to shoot his load Desirae wisely backed away as his
sperm built up inside him. In seconds, the good looking hunk began gasping as
his eyes made contact with the beautiful black Desirae.

   "Oh my God," Larry gasped. "Oh my."

   Larry felt incredible sensation ever overwhelm him as his cock began
thrusting, losing all inhibition and control.

   "Yes," Desirae giggled.

   "Shoot your load," Stephanie laughed.

   "Oh my God. No," Larry cried. Ohhhhhhhhhh---------"

   Just before Larry's cock erupted in a high arc of thick, sticky, white stream
of come sperm Kimberly held his cock straight up, causing his come to shoot onto
his chest and then trail back down his chest and stomach.

   "Look at that," Desirae shrieked. "Beautiful."

   Stephanie and Kimberly giggled and pressed tighter against Larry as he tried
to pull free from the hold on him. Stephanie and Kimberly were running their
free hands over his chest rubbing his come into his chest.

   "My God," Stephanie said.

   "Unbelievable," Kimberly said.

   The three were stunned by the size of Larry's explosion. Desirae moved back
between his legs and resumed milking his cock.

   "Aaaaahhhhhh," Larry moaned ecstatically.

   Larry came again.

   "Larry," Desirae screamed. "Aaaagghhhhh,"

   Larry's hot white come splattered across Desirae's black face as she pulled
back. His cock shot off a third time across Desirae's chest.

   "Ewwwwwww," Desirae giggled. "Stop it."

   "Oooooohhhhhhaaaaaa," Larry moaned.

   Stephanie grabbed Larry's cock with both hands and aimed it away from Desirae
Stephanie scrambled to her feet.

   "Nooooooooo," Larry moaned again.

   Larry blew a fourth large burst of come all over the pillow on the couch and
up over the armrest and onto the floor.

   "Don't stop now, baby," Stephanie exclaimed. "Keep coming."

   Stephanie began milking Larry's cock bringing a fifth spurt from his cock,
the smallest but still pretty big, onto the couch pillow, which was now clearly
ruined. She milked his cock for all it was worth as Larry continued spewing come
and moaning incoherently in orgasm until he was done. He continued to dribble a
bit more come from the head of his cock as it stood erect for a few moments in
the aftermath of the girls sensual attack on it. The remaining come oozed down
his still engorged cock, as it at last slowly began to go flaccid.

   "That's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me in my life," Kimberly
laughed.

   Stephanie and Desirae giggled in agreement.

   Larry lay back on the couch getting his strength back as Kimberly began
cleaning him up with a small wash cloth. His cock deflating. Stephanie and
Desirae pulled him to his feet.

   "Let's get you in the bedroom so you can get some rest," Stephanie said.

   They led Larry into the bedroom and laid him naked on the full sixed bed.

   Larry knew this would only be the beginning and then drifted off to sleep.

Kimberly walked into the bedroom. The three women kissed the sleeping youth and
gave his cock a gentle squeeze causing it to twitch with each squeeze.

   "Look at that," Kimberly said.

   "His cock is awake," Desirae said. "Even if he's asleep."

   "Sleep tight," Stephanie said. "Sweet dreams, babe."




The Stud

Chapter 2



   When Larry woke up it was dark. He knew he was on a bed but otherwise he had
no idea where he was. Then he remembered what had happened and he lay quietly on
the bed wondering if the three girls were still there. His eyes focused to the
darkness and he could see that the bedroom door was ajar and a light was coming
through the opening. He sat up on the bed and it slowly dawned on him that he
was naked.

   "Bitches," Larry muttered. "They took my clothes."

   Larry got off the bed and slowly made his way over to the closet, he ran his
hand along the wall and found a light switch, he moved the switch up and the
bedroom lit up brightly. Almost as soon as the light went on, he heard high
heels coming towards the bedroom. He quickly opened the closet door and slipped
inside the closet. As he entered the closet, he noticed his suitcase against the
back wall.

   "Thank God," Larry said softly. "I still have some clothes."

   "Larry," a female voice called out.

   Larry recognized the voice of Scarlett, the on-site residential advisor.  

   'My God,' Larry thought. 'She can't be involved in this. Could she?'

   "Larry," Scarlett called out in an urgent voice.

   Larry saw Scarlett walk quickly past the closet and towards the window. She
was wearing a blue mini-skirt, white short-sleeved pullover and blue 2" high
heels.

   "Where are you, dammit," Scarlett said.

   "Here I am, Mrs. Gravatte," Larry said.

   Scarlett swung around just as Larry, naked, stepped out of the closet. She
smiled as she put her hands on her hips, spread her legs apart and looked him up
and down, her eyes settled his cock and balls swinging free.

   "Wow," Scarlett smiled. "You look better awake then you did sleeping."

   "What the fuck is going on?" Larry demanded.

   Larry took a couple of steps toward Scarlett.

   "You tell me, stud?" Scarlett said. "I came back to take you to lunch and I
found you sleeping naked in the bed. But don't worry I didn't take advantage of
you."

   Kimberly came into the bedroom in bare feet and came up quietly behind Larry.

   "You won't belie------Hey what the fuck," Larry said.

   Kimberly wrapped her soft but strong arms around Larry from behind, pinning
his arms to his sides and pulling him tightly against her so he could feel her
breasts in his back.

   "Hi again," Kimberly whispered sexily in Larry's ear. "Miss me."

   "Let me go, bitch," Larry yelled. "Let me go."

   Larry struggled futilely to break free from Kimberly's bear hug as Scarlett
walked sexily up to him. Their perfume was intoxicating and weakened his
struggling against Kimberly's bear hug.

   "Sorry, stud," Scarlett said sweetly. "We don't want to let you go."

   Scarlett stroked Larry's face with her left hand and took his cock in her
right hand. His cock instantly betrayed him again.

   "Besides your cock says it wants to stay with us," Scarlett smiled. "And we
all know that a man's cock is the man's boss."

   Scarlett leaned forward and gave Larry a kiss in his forehead.

   "Fuck you," Larry said. "Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh"

   Scarlett squeezed Larry's balls and twisted them. The pain shot through his
body astounding him. He slumped in Kimberly's arms, gasping for air. She
released her bear hug but quickly grabbed his left arm before he slumped to the
floor and Scarlett grabbed his right arm.

   "Just be a good boy and we won't have to hurt you," Scarlett said.

   Scarlett and Kimberly took Larry back over to the bed and laid him on his
back. Scarlett straddled his chest.

   "Aaahhh, you're so cute, stud," Scarlett said.

   Scarlett leaned over, her long red hair cascading over Larry's face, kissing
him full on the lips, her tongue invading his mouth attacking his tongue.

   "Mmmmmmpppphhhhhh," Larry said.

   As Scarlett kissed him, Kimberly pulled his hands up and tied them tightly to
the two corner bedposts with scarves.

   "He won't be going anyplace," Kimberly said.

   Scarlett broke her kiss with Larry and looked down on him.

   "Whoa," Scarlett smiled. "We are going to have fun with you, baby."  

   "I have to go to the bathroom," Larry said.

   "You have to what?" Scarlett asked laughing.

   "You're kidding, right?" Kimberly asked.

   "I have to pee," Larry said. "I'm not kidding. I'm going to pee on the bed."

   Scarlett got off Larry.

   "Untie him, Kimberly," Scarlett said. "So we can take him to the bathroom."

   "What," Kimberly exclaimed. "If I untie him he's going to start fighting
again."

   "I promise I won't try top get away," Larry said. "I just have to pee.
Please."

   Scarlett reached down and grabbed his balls in her right hand.

   "He's not going to try to get away, Kimberly," Scarlett said. "Are you,
sweetie."

   Scarlett gave Larry's balls a warning squeeze.

   "No," Larry yelped. "I won't, I promise."

   "Good boy," Scarlett smiled.

   Kimberly giggled as she untied his wrists from the corners of the bed.

   "Sit up," Scarlett said.

   Larry slowly sat up as Scarlett kept her grip on his balls.

   "Put your hands behind your back," Kimberly ordered.

   Larry put his hands behind his back and Kimberly secured them tightly with
one of the scarves.

   "There we go," Kimberly said. "Now let's get you to the bathroom."

   "Stand up," Scarlett said.

   Larry stood up and they took him out of the bedroom, Kimberly holding his
right arm and Scarlett holding his balls. They led him into the bathroom.

   "OK, you can untie my hands," Larry said.

   "Nope," Scarlett smiled.

   "How am I suppose to pee with my hands tied behind my back?" Larry asked.

   "Like this," Scarlett smiled.

   Scarlett took Larry's cock in her hand and held it over the toilet bowel.

   "I can't," Larry said.

   Kimberly was behind Larry and she wrapped her left arm around his neck and
her right arm around waist pulling him against her body, bending her mouth to
his ear.

   "Sure you can, baby," Kimberly said in his ear,

   "No, I can't," Larry moaned. "Not like this."

   "Sure you can, Scarlett said.

   Scarlett started giggling Larry's cock in her hand.

   "Ohhhhhhhh," Larry moaned.

   "You can do it, baby," Kimberly said.

   Kimberly nibbled at his ear lobe.

   "Aaaahhhhhhh," Larry moaned.

   Larry started to harden and he peed at the same time. When he finished
Scarlett shook his cock to get the last drop out of it.

   "See, I knew you could do it," Scarlett giggled.

   Larry was so embarrassed by what had just happened that he did not say a word
or even resist as they led him back to the bedroom and Kimberly once again tied
his hands to the top corners of the bed with scarves.

   Scarlett kissed Larry on the forehead.

   "Good night," Scarlett said.

   Kimberly then leaned down and kissed Larry on the cheek,

   "Sleep tight," Kimberly said.

   Kimberly and Scarlett started to walk towards the door.

   "I'll see you bitches in jail," Larry mumbled.

   Scarlett and Kimberly turned back.

   "What did you say?" Scarlett demanded.

   Scarlett and Kimberly walked back over to the bed and looked down at Larry.

   "This is kidnapping," Larry declared. "You'll never gat away with this."

   "This is kidnapping," Kimberly mimicked Larry.

   "And we have gotten away with it," Scarlett smiled.

   Scarlett sat down on the bed next to Larry's head and looked down at him.

   "No you won't," Larry said. "I wi---mmmmppphhhhh,"

   Scarlett pressed her hand tightly over his mouth, cutting off his protests.

   "Shush up," Scarlett said. "Kimberly, will you please get something to keep
him quiet."

   "With pleasure," Kimberly said brightly. "I'll be right back."

   Kimberly left the room as Larry tried to shake Scarlett's hand off his mouth
to no avail.

   "Calm down, sweetie," Scarlett said. "We don't want to hurt you. We want to
play with you."

   "Mmmmmpppphhhhh," Larry screamed into Scarlett's palm.

   "Aaaaaaahhhhh, don't be afraid, baby," Scarlett smiled.

   Kimberly came back into the bedroom with a handful of women's lingerie that
she gleefully dropped on Larry's cock.

   "This should do the job," Kimberly giggled.

   "Now you are in trouble, sweetie," Scarlett smiled.

   Kimberly picked up a pair of pink panties and a baby blue scarf and waved
them just above Larry's eyes as Scarlett took her hand from his mouth.

   "Open up," Scarlett said.

   Larry knew what was going to happen and refused to open his mouth.

   "Oh come on, be a good little boy," Kimberly cooed. "And open your mouth for
mommy."

   Larry's eyes were wide open with fear and he shook his head no.

   "Now that will just not do," Scarlett said.

   Scarlett reached behind her, brushed the two stockings that were lying on
Larry's semi-hard cock and grabbed his balls, squeezing them painfully.

   "Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh," Larry screamed.

   As Larry screamed Kimberly stuffed the pink panties in his mouth.

   "Thank you, darling," Kimberly said sweetly. "Don't worry, they are clean."  

   Kimberly then secured Larry's panty gag with the light blue scarf, securing
it with a knot behind his head.

   "There, that should keep you quiet," Kimberly said.

   Scarlett got off Larry as Kimberly picked up the two stockings and tied his
feet to the two bottom corners of the bed. Scarlett knelt between his legs and
Kimberly sat on the bed next to his head. Scarlett took his balls gently in her
hands and softly massaged them, as she looked him in the eye.

   "I'm sorry if I hurt you, honey," Scarlett said motherly. "But you were not
being a good boy. And the only way to control a bad boy is through his balls."

   "Mmmmppphhhhh," Larry said.

   Kimberly could see both fear and anger in Larry's eyes as she ran her hand
through his hair.

   "Aaahhh, baby," Kimberly said softly. "Don't be afraid. Just do as you are
told and everything will be just fine. But if you keep that anger in you

   Scarlett wrapped her hand around Larry's cock and started to milk him. His
cock responded instantly as her hand moved slowly up and down his cock. Kimberly
moved her hands down to his chest and started running her fingers lightly around
his nipples. His arms and legs pulled against his silken bonds to no avail. His
head was moving from side to side.

   "Mmmmmmmpppphhhhhhh," Larry moaned through his panty.

   Kimberly looked at Larry and smiled.

   "Having fun, baby?" Kimberly asked. "We sure are."

   Suddenly Larry's hips bucked almost knocking Scarlett's hand off his now
fully engorged cock. She slapped his balls sharply with one hand and with her
other hand she squeezed the base of his cock where it met his balls his cock.
His cock quickly deflated.

   "Whoa, there, stud," Scarlett said. "Who said you could come."

   When Larry's cock was completely flaccid Scarlett let it go and she and
Kimberly checked his restraints.

   "That should hold you till we get back," Kimberly said.

   "Don't go anyplace, honey," Scarlett smiled evilly.

   "Make yourself at home," Kimberly giggled. "We'll be back soon."

   Scarlett and Kimberly kissed Larry on the forehead, gave his cock and balls a
playful squeeze, waved as they shut the lights and left the bedroom closing the
door behind him leaving him in darkness.

   "Mmmmmmppppphhhhh," Larry screamed through his panty gag.

   Larry struggled frantically against his silken restraints. After about twenty
minutes, he managed to get his left hand free. He quickly untied his right hand
and after about ten more minutes he managed to untie his feet. He got up, turned
on the lights and went directly to the closet. He breathed a sigh of relief when
he saw that his suitcase was still there. He took the suitcase over to the bed
and opened it. He put on a pair of underpants, jeans, a red t-shirt and white
socks and sneakers.

   Larry slowly opened the bedroom door and when he did not hear Scarlett and
Kimberly, he moved quietly into the living room. The two women were gone and
Larry decided that he had better get out of there quickly before they came back. 
He left the apartment complex and started to walk swiftly down Harvey Street
when he saw Scarlett's silver Lexus turn the corner. He quickly ducked behind a
parked car as the Lexus passed. As soon as the car was past him, he leaped up
and ran as he turned the corner he saw Stephanie and Desirae walking towards
him.

   Larry knew that any second Scarlett and Kimberly would enter the apartment
and find him gone he also knew that as he got closer to Stephanie and Desirae
that they would notice him. He decided to run right past Desirae and Stephanie.
As he ran closer to them, Desirae recognized him.

   "Hey look who got away," Desirae said.

   "We've got to stop him," Stephanie said.

   As Larry got closer, Desirae and Stephanie stood in front of him with their
hands on their hip their legs spread apart.

   "Where do you think you're going?" Desirae said.

   "Shit," Larry said.

   Larry ran off the sidewalk and into the street and was past Stephanie and
Desirae before they could react. Desirae pulled out her cell phone and hit the
walkie-talkie button.

   "Lisa, stop that guy running towards you," Desirae said into her cell phone.
"He's the one we were telling you guys about."

   "We see him," Lisa said into her cell phone.

   Suddenly the back door of a black SUV slid open in front of Larry and Fujiko
Kanaka, a voluptuous 5'7", 24 year old Japanese woman with long brown hair and
black eyes, wearing a red short sleeved low cut pullover that showed off her 38"
breasts, designer blue jeans and black 3" heels leaped out of the back seat just
as Larry was running by. Fujiko dived at Larry, wrapping her arms around his
legs in a perfect tackle knocking him to the ground, knocking the wind out of
him.

   "Hey, baby," Fujiko said. "Where do you think you're going?"

   "Oooooommmmppphhhh," Larry exhaled.

   Lisa Bartok, a beautiful 5'10", 25 year old with long brunette hair and brown
eyes got out of the driver's seat of the SUV and came over to Fujiko who was now
laying on top of Larry her soft feminine arms wrapped around his neck in a
sleeper hold. Larry could feel her breasts pressing into his back as her legs
entwined around his legs. He started to get a bit woozy from the sleeper hold

   "Don't hurt him," Lisa said.

   "Nah," Fujiko said. "I'm just slowing him down a little. Let's get him in the
back."

   By this time, Stephanie and Desirae arrived and they helped Fujiko pull Larry
to his feet as Lisa went to the back of the SUV.

   "Come on, stud," Fujiko said. "Get up."

   Larry tried to pull away from Fujiko and Desirae as they held him tightly
between them and attempted to walk him over to the side of the SUV where Lisa
stood by the sliding door.

   "Stop fighting us and move it," Desirae said sharply.

   "Let me go," Larry demanded.

   Stephanie stood in front of him her hands on her hips. She was wearing a
light-blue tight fitting t-shirt that showed her belly button, blue jeans and
pink flats.

   "Are you going to walk or do we have to carry you?" Stephanie asked.

   "Fuck you," Larry spat.

   "Wrong answer, baby," Stephanie

   Stephanie drove her fist into Larry's belly, doubling him over in pain as he
gasped for breath. Fujiko grabbed hi under his shoulders and Stephanie leaned
down and picked up his legs. His head rested on Fujiko's voluptuous breasts as
they carried him over to the back of the SUV and put him in the back seat as
Lisa quickly slid the door shut behind them. Desirae and Lisa got in the front
seat of the SUV and Lisa drove off.

   Fujiko, sitting on Larry's right side, shoved him forward, pulled his wrists
behind his back and worked an elastic wristband over his hands securing them
behind his back while Stephanie, sitting on his left, leaned down and tied a
yellow scarf around his ankles.

   "You're hurting me," Larry cried

   Stephanie reached up and gave Larry's balls a painful squeeze through his
jeans.

   "Quit your whining," Stephanie said mockingly. "It does not become a man"

   "Help," Larry screamed. "Somebody hel-----mmmmpppphhhhhhhh."

   Fujiko shoved a pair of green panties in Larry's mouth.

   "Oh, shut up, you big baby," Fujiko said.

   Fujiko secured the panties with a red scarf, tying it at back of Larry's
head.

  "You're in big trouble, little boy," Stephanie said devilishly. "Trying to
escape."

   Larry had never seen Fujiko before but he had to admit that he was beautiful
and sounded both sexy and evil at the same time. If he was not being kidnapped
by her and her girlfriends he could actually fall for her he thought.

   Stephanie tied a pair of pantyhose tightly around Larry's chest, pinning his
upper arms to his side. This along with his hands secured behind his back with
the elastic wristband made his arms useless. Fujiko then fastened the seatbelt
tightly around his waist while Stephanie tied a dark blue scarf around his neck.
Stephanie then tied a stocking around the scarf and pulled the other end behind
the seat, pulling his head tightly against the seat.

   "That should hold him," Stephanie said.

   Larry tested his silken restraints and found that he was securely bound to
the seat in the SUV, in between Fujiko on his right and Stephanie on his left.
The only movement he had was in his legs. This was short lived as Fujiko tied a
stocking tightly around his thighs. Fujiko tied a black scarf over his eyes
blindfolding him.

   "He gone," Kimberly's voice came through Desirae's walkie-talkie.

   "No he's not," Desirae responded. "We caught him before he could get away."

   "Thank God," Kimberly's voice came through the SUV. "It would be a shame if a
stud like that got away."

   "We'll meet you in front of the house in two minutes," Desirae said.

   Larry was scared to death when he heard Kimberly's voice. As he started to
pull at his silken bonds, Stephanie and Fujiko pressed tightly against him from
either side. Fujiko placed her hand on his crotch and gently rubbed his cock
through his jeans.

   "Calm down, honey," Fujiko said softly on his. "We're not going to hurt you,
we just want to have fun with you."

   "I think he's scared," Lisa said from the front seat.

   "Don't be scared, baby," Stephanie said.

   Stephanie kissed Larry on the cheek. The feel of Stephanie's and Fujiko's
feminine bodies pressing against him and the smell of the perfume all four women
were wearing had a calming effect on Larry. A few moments later Lisa pulled the
SUV up in front of the Harvey Street Apartments and Stephanie slid open her side
door.

   "Hi, Kim," Stephanie said brightly.

   "Hi, Steph," Kimberly replied. "Got room for one more?"

   "Sure, hop in," Stephanie said.

   Kimberly climbed into the back of the SUV over Stephanie and sat on Larry's
legs facing him.

   "Where's Scarlett?" Fujiko asked.

   "She will catch up with us tomorrow," Kimberly said. "She has to remove all
traces of this one ever being there."

   Kimberly tweaked Larry's nose playfully as Lisa drove off.

   "Then she has to get home to Kenny," Kimberly continued. "Tonight's his last
night of leave before he goes back to Iraq for another year."

   "Poor Scarlett," Desirae said from the front seat.

   "No, poor Kenny," Kimberly giggled. "Kenny has to go fight a war while
Scarlett gets to play with Larry here."

   All four women laughed as Larry wondered what they were going to do to him.

Suddenly Kimberly grabbed his chin in her hand and gave it a squeeze.

   "Well, well," Kimberly said in a sad voice. "That was very bad of you, Larry,
trying to escape. Very, very bad boy."

   Kimberly pulled the front of Larry's shirt up and over his face as Fujiko
started to undo his jeans.

   "And to think I trusted you," Kimberly said.

   Kimberly began to lick and lightly nibble Larry's nipples as Fujiko took his
rapidly responding cock in her soft hand and started to gently milk it. He was
able to do more then squirm a little. His silken restraints only heightened his
fear and excitement caused by Fujiko's and Kimberly's sensual teasing. Within
minutes, he was coming closer and closer to coming.

   "You two better stop," Stephanie giggled. "Or we are going to have one Hell
of a mess back here."

   The mere suggestion of Fujiko and Stephanie stopping was enough to cause
Larry to moan through his panty gag.

   "You'll do anything we say as long as we keep this up won't you?" Fujiko
teased.

   Larry was barely aware of what Fujiko said, all he was able to do was nod his
head.

   "Hey," Lisa laughed from the driver's seat. "Don't you girls mess up my SUV."

   "And don't mess him up either," Desirae giggled.

   "Aaaaaahhhhh," Fujiko said sadly. "OK."

   Fujiko stooped milking Larry's cock and pulled her hand away and Kimberly
pulled her mouth away from his nipples.

   "Sorry, baby," Fujiko said. "But you're not going to come for a long time."  

   As Larry's anger surged, he began to scream through his panty gag, and
started struggling desperately, Kimberly slapped him across the face.

   "Stop it now, Larry," Kimberly said sharply. "You can't get escape this time,
so there's no point in even trying, and if you don't calm down, right now, I am
going to hit you again."

   The hopelessness of the Larry's position finally settled in on him and he
stopped struggling but was unable to control the sexual responses of his cock.

Kimberly got off his legs and sat between him and Fujiko.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  steven352


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





