BDSM Library - Charity Work




Charity Work
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Passed out in the mens toilet wasn't where she thought she wanted to be. But since her parents died and she dropped out of college. She was desperate. Lucky for her a passing slut trainer takes pity and decides to train her. Will she survive the charity.
Charity Case

Part 1 - Introduction

Mark was enjoying a beer in his friend Jimmy's bar. Anytime he was in town, he
would drop by to swap old stories. Mark was laughing to himself as he walks down
the corridor to the bathroom

Some idiot was still doing up his pants as he entered the bathroom. He smiled at
the small cum cover dick. "What kind of lowlife jerks themselves off in the
men's toilets.

As He closed his zip he was surprised to notice a women lying collapsed on the
toilet. Her legs spread wide, one of her breast hanging loose out of her top and
cum slowly dripping out of her gaping hole.

"My, his aren't you the fuck up slut", Mark thought.

Maybe you weren't such a loser after all. But then this one look like she been
the village bike for a long time. Her face was plastered in make up. Her long
brown hair looked like a dirty mop, he wondered when last she had seen a shower.
Mark was going to leave to jimmies but he thought he better check that she was
alive first but He spied her wallet on the floor and picked up her wallet from
the ground. Her id said she was only 22. Not much else in there, no credit
cards, maybe 4 dollars.

Drool was starting to flow out of her mouth. Her pulse was weak but regular; at
least she was going to live. Mark wondered if could he afford another charity
case. He took a moment to assess her, groping at her exposed breast. Nice and
firm. He pulled her forward on the toilet and slowly inserted his fingers into
her cum filled pussy. It was still tight. This one couldn't have been on the
streets long. He wiped his finger off her mouth .A couple of weeks of training
and she would make a fine slut. Maybe even Grade one.

He got jimmies to help her to his car. He made some excuse about taking her to
the local hospital. Jimmies were just glad to get her out of his bar. He thanked
jimmies for the drink and said He would see him next time He though town. As
soon as jimmies were out of sight, He fetch rope from the boot and secure her
inside the car. Then cover her with a blanket. If anyone asked she is his wife
asleep from too much booze. He resisted the temptation to fuck her at some lay
by, there would be plenty time for that later.




Part 2 -The cell

Slowly she awakens. He always finds it amazing by hazy transition where the body
becomes aware. He sees the questions on her face as she awoke. "What was I doing
last?"

"Who was I with?"

"Where am I?"

"I'm naked, where are my clothes?"

That question brings panic begins to set in as she searches her cell for her
clothes. She is quickly becoming aware of the small 8*8 cell that is her new
home. It is always the same with the newcomers. First the panic, they bang on
the bars like a wild monkey, screaming and screaming. Soon the tears will come,
the slow acceptance of their situation. He has learned to let them sit. To
become aware of the hopelessness of the situation. They always notice the collar
around then, the small silver shock collar, welded in place. They focus on it as
if to remove it will give them freedom.

He gave her a couple of minutes to come round. He knew by now she would be
looking for somewhere to empty her full bladder. The screams started again as
soon as her the footsteps. Slowly closing in on her. Here was her answer, her
body tensed. Her screaming stop, each footstep cause butterflies to rise in
stomach. She retreats to the bed, covering herself with her blanket.

The footsteps stop. In the dim light of her cell, she can just make out the
figure.

"Welcome to your new home, my dear little slut"

Her mouth opens to respond but only silence leaves. She wants to beg, to be
freed. But the fear is keeping her prisoner.

"By now you are wondering, why you are here?"

She gives a simple nod, holding the blanket tight.

"I run a small private school for the training of sluts. I am usually employed
by rich men to help train their lovers to obey their every whim. Occasionally I
take on charity case. You will earn you keep by servicing my guests and me. The
road ahead is tough but I promise you in 6 months you will become the perfect
slut. Any man would be proud to be your owner."

"Now stand, slut"

She couldn't take it, what was this man on about? I am dreaming or maybe he is
mad. She closes her eyes and wishes the world away. Something cold prods at her
feet. A loud piecing scream fills the room as the electricity flows into her.
Invountleer she pisses onto the bed. Quickly she recovers some control. She
pushes herself into the corner trying to hide from his reach. Weakly she tries
to fend off the prod. Trying to keep up the blanket. She is failing, more and
more attacks are getting though, each as bad as the last. Tears flow down her
cheek, she begs for mercy. He repeats his order. She stands, head bowed in
defeat.

"Now drop the blanket"

He doesn't need to use the prod. Her spirit is broken for the moment. She will
play along with the madman and try to escape later.

"I have a couple of simple rules, you will address all men as sir and women as
Madam. For the moment you are the lowest of the lower. You are my cocksucking
slut. You will obey all my orders without question or you will be PUNISHED"

She did like the sound of this one bit.

"The collar around you neck is a bit of insurance. You go outside of 100 feet of
this house and it will begin to shock, also if I don't reset every 10 hours, it
will begin to shock you"

"Please Sir, I am hungry and need to pee. Please release me, ...Sir"

"The bucket is for your own use. As for food you will earn it. As you please me
you will earn food and as you displease you will be punished."

"What can I do to please you?"

He reaches and roughly grabs Her be the hair. Pulling and twisting at it.

"That's sir to likes of you"

"I have a couple of clients upstairs. I want you to provide them with a show.
Just a glimpse of what they can get by paying me to look after their loved ones"

He points to the camera.

"I want you starring in 5 mins."

He smiles and forces a small black dildo into her hands, maybe 5 inches long, 2
inches thick.

"Remember do you want food or the prod? and by the way I am told they like
anal."

He turns and leaves, turning on more lights. She pauses afraid to move, almost
in shock. Hear eyes transfixed on the dildo. Her stomach is empty and bladder
full. What to do her mind asks. I will obey for the moment and wait to escape. I
must not let him win or give him reason to punish me. She empties her bladder
and moves the bed to be in line with the camera. Lying there. She smiles and
begins to image she is back home before her world collapse. Her head begin to
fill with wondrous images as her show begins.

She caresses her nipples, toying with each in turn. Smiles cross her face as her
head forgets this place. Her body arches, wanting to be touched. Her hand
descends along her stomach. Slowly, making her pussy wait. Her juices begin to
flow, ready and willing to accept whatever may enter. She opens her leg wide.
One hand played with her cunt hair, the other held the dildo. Its tip touching
her entrance, her juices flowing onto it. She gasped as she plunged it home. Her
body rocking back and forth, fucking the hard piece of plastic.

In boardroom, mark and his clients watch as she pleasured herself, the
microphone picking up her soft moans. The giant screen picking her sweatee body
in mouth-watering details. Mark knew he had his clients; just one last show
would tip then over. They would fall over themselves to sign over their
girlfriends. He could see there dick rising in their pants. 

"don't forget your ass"

Snapped her back to reality for moment. She flipped over, lost in the moment.
Her cum soaked dildo easily slipped into her ass. Her other hand taking it
places in cunt. She could feel herself build. Each stroke of the dildo spending
waves of minor pleasure through her body. She slipped back into that happy
place. Hungrily she fucks herself, till a load moan echoed in the chamber.

Mark smiled as the clients enquired about his slut availability, how their own
girlfriends would let them use them in the ass. They were lucky if they got
pussy. Mark explained how past clients had changed their girlfriends. He changed
the screen to show the process of Case 112B.

The promotional video was well worth. He had got a friend of his, in the
entertainment business to edit the video. It showed the bitches progress from
her first day in the cell, till her goodbye gangbang. To them it must seem too
good to be true. He remembered fondly breaking her. How she couldn't handle the
rats in the cell. She had been difficult to say the least. Nothing would make
her shut up. She could take the pain, something to do with a strict grandfather.
Even after been raped by male and female, he knew she wasn't broken. It was only
when he had shut her in the small tube with only rats for company did she
breaks.

After that it was easy, she could suck like champion and never complained. The
last time he saw her, she was sucking off the local rugby team. He heard her
owner had plans for her, he was going to modify her body, bigger breasts and a
pieced tongue. That's just to start with.

He sounded the bell and 2 of his personal servants entered and knelt before his
clients. The cream on the cake he thought. Their hands were shaking as they
signed the contracts.  This meant he was fully booked for the winter. He
wondered how he would reward himself after he broke these 2. He turned back to
screen. She is still at it. He always liked the easy ones but he would have fun
making sure she was well trained. If she were lucky he would release her in 6
months. Maybe she could help train the others. So many plans so little time. I
will have to test her

Her mind returns to the present and the bare cell. Her body spent from the
effort but she dared not stop. Every stroke of the dildo became harder as the
lube began to dry. She moan now not in pleasure but pain. Everything calls her
to stop but she could not. Her belly was empty, she had learnt on the streets to
obey, give the customer what he wants. Slower and slower she pumped, stopping on
occasion to spit on dildo. To give her a moment of comfort. She stopped, no
longer able to carry. Her body spend, she slept. What waited when she awaken,
who knew?





promises made

First He have to make the enough money to pay for your training when you have
earn it you will be free.

of course He will take a cut as your trainer

scene 3 training begins

teaching herself to please herself

introduction to pain

regular caning

self induced pain

Scene 4 master"s bedroom

crawling her way up stairs,

hot wax

shaving her body

open for business

all holes used

Scene 5 The party

serving as a female urial

recycling system

brought out to for a bondge show

how to go from here




Part 3 - Training begins.

She awoke, her stomach grumbling and her mouth was dry. Her eyes quickly
surveying the room in the hope that last night was some far fetched fantasy.
Hope faded in the darkness of the cell. She was still a prisoner of a mad, sex
crazed man. She was drawn to the one new feature of the room. A tall black pole
stood in the corner of the room about 6 foot in height, a couple inches wide at
the top, widening to 2 foot at the bottom. It had 3 shapes sticking out of it.
As she got closer, she realized there were 3 dildos. She examined the item
closely.

She was curious now, what function does it serve? It was bolted in place with 3
pipes coming out of the back. She examined the topmost dildo; it curved around
and was 8" long and 2" wide, placed at the same height as her mouth. It was like
one of those realistic dildos, she had seen with her boyfriend. A different
world she thought. Would she ever be free of this place? It even had a small pee
hole. The next two were similar but smaller. The last one had a strange sticky
coating. It just wouldn't come off of her fingers. Where is a washbasin when you
need it?

'I am sure I will be introduced to its function later'.

With little else to do she curled up on the bed to wait. She waited. There was
nothing, no sound, and no movement. She was alone and worried. The pain in her
stomach grew worse. She knew he wouldn't leave her to die, would he? Had she
stopped too early yesterday? Her mind began to wander and focus on the strange
pole. With nothing better to do she examined it again. She wondered what it
could be for. Maybe he meant for her to train on it.

'Well nothing else can go wrong' she said to the darkness.


She placed her mouth on the top dildo. Feeling very silly she stopped and
turned. A cool short sensation hit right between her shoulder blades.
Desperately she reached around to feel what hit her. All she knew was it felt
wet. She examined the dildo; a small drop of liquid was hanging, ready to fall.
Her tongue darted out to catch the bitter liquid. It wasn't pleasant but it was
better that dieing of thirst. She didn't care what it was and eagerly she pumped
the dildo. Soon her stomach was full. She started to smile, then to laugh. She
collapsed on the bed, wondering what the fuck was going on and if it was all
some silly dream. Whatever stuff she had taken had really blown her mind now.

Mark watched on with interest. 'This one will go far' he thought, 'her half
broken mind makes her easy to control'. He wondered what sort of tragic events
had brought her to his domain. "I will enjoy breaking her in. I will do this one
personally".

As the key turned in the door she awoke. Her eyes were slowly adjusting to the
light. Mark stood before her, naked, except for a pair of sandals. He had a
dangerous smile like a cat spying a trapped mouse. His hard cock suggested why
he was here.

'Kneel, slut'.

She paused a moment, thinking of resisting. Maybe I should curl in to a ball and
wish I were home. It works in the movies. From the impatient look growing on
Mark"s face, she knew this would result in a punishment. All she knew was that
she felt she had had enough of being beat. She knelt on the  hard wooden floor.
Her face inches from Mark"s cock. It wasn't very long maybe 6" in length but it
made up for it with width.

'Suck'

Mark was pleased by how quickly she took the cock in her mouth. This was not her
first blowjob. She worked the cock like a well-oiled machine. Her tongue was
teasing the rim. Mark grabbed her by the hair and forced her deeper onto his
cock. She didn't try to resist, her time to escape would come and she would take
it. Suddenly he withdrew.

'It is time to christen you, slut' he pronounced as he begin to pump his cock
hard. Mark pushed her head down so his cock was aimed at her hair.

'I name you, Viterra" as his cum leapt forth covering her head in its mess.

'Look up and remember your name, it means new beginning in Latin.  Where that
beginning leads is up to you. It can lead down a dark path of pain or down a
happy life of service.'

'Now let me introduce you formally to the pole. This will be your only friend
for the next week. Use it well and it will feed you. The top dildo you have
already met. The middle one is for your pussy. I expect you to use it for at
least 3 hours every day. Practice fucking long and hard. It will make your new
life much easier. The lower one is for your ass.  I want that one well used
because many of my clients prefer anal sex. Practice well and you shall be
rewarded. Don't practice and you shall be punished. The pole has a dumb waiter
built in so all your meals will be delivered by that. During this time you will
also learn to cook. A guard will come fetch you when you are required. Any
questions?'

She wanted to ask to be freed but she knew the answer so she kept her tongue.
Her eyes turned to the post wondering if she could really do this or would it be
better to starve to death. A depression came over her as Mark turned to leave.
Viterra could not help wondering would she ever be free. She sat on the bed
trying her best to remove the cum before too much of it dried. The task was
without purpose but it was a slight distraction from the pole in the corner.

Viterra sat on the edge of bed; her eyes focused on the pole. Do I wait here to
die or do I try to get out? Mark watched from the control room, wondering a
similar question.  'Patience is the key here. Give her time and she will come
around." Almost in answer to his thought, Viterra rose from the bed and
approached the pole. He watched as she examined it closely, her hand caressing
the pole as if to introduce her. She began to size up her opponent. She caressed
the lowest dildo, covering her hand in the lube that flowed freely from it. She
smiled to herself as she carefully masturbated the middle dildo; making sure
every inch was covered. Satisfied, she turned and spread her legs wide then
slowly backing onto the dildo. She stopped for moment as if unable to continue.
The tip was just beginning to open her cunt lips. Her eyes closed as she plunged
herself onto the pole.

Pausing for a moment to get her balance, she tried to figure out how to fuck
this thing. It was difficult at first to push with her toes, forcing the long
dildo up her dry pussy. She began to play with her clit, imaging far away
places. Harder and harder she pushed her cunt, soaked from the fantasy. This was
some beautiful stranger who would love her.  She struggled to maintain the pace,
her out of shape body was not used to such a work out. But she could feel the
orgasm building in her. This gave her the will to carry on. Her world blacked
out as she shook from the orgasm.

Moments or hours later she awoke on something soft. Was this bed of her dreams,
her eyes were blurry, she could just about make out the outline of a figure
approach. Words did not make sense to her.  Did she have a concussion?

Her head began to hurt. Places and things started to mix, who am I. Where am I.
The questions went on. Her mind began to fade.  Suddenly a word struck her,
'Viterra". Am I Viterra?

She had been crushed, her eyes shot open. What's going on? She could see a vague
outline; someone was putting their weight on her breasts. Wait, he is fucking
me? Is this my husband? My husband would never do this to me. I must have been
kidnapped. 'RAPE' she screamed. 'Glad to see you are awake, I prefer them
when...' As she awoke, the man was just climbing off her. She moved to strike
his back, but her hands were tied above her head. He walked from the room and
her world went black. Her mind raced to tell her it was just the lights going
out. Her cunt felt warm and sticky, best to forget about it. My husband will be
here soon to save me. Won"t he?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Slogan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





