BDSM Library - My Erotic Business Trips




My Erotic Business Trips
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mark and Aron had been working together for quite some time and had really become friends. At this fare they came closer than ever before, but the their two female assistants caught them in bed and decided to use them for their own pleasure instead.
MY EROTIC BUSINESS TRIPS

(m/m, f+/m, fm/m, spanking, D/s, B/D, S/M, jobhumiliation, blackmail, mc,
serious)

By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com


I had been going for many business trips together with Mark since I started at
the firm. Along the way we became close friends and we sometimes met off work
together with our girlfriends. Being on a business trip together was always fun.
We never cheated on our girlfriends, but we always had a nice time. When we came
to a hotel we tried to get our rooms next to each other. If that wasn't
possible, then we got a double room instead with two separate beds. It wasn't
until we were given a king size bed that we got closer. When we used to share a
room, we always walked around naked in the room after a shower. Both of us also
slept naked. This time was different though.

We had been working the whole day presenting our products at an exhibition. When
we got back to the hotel Mark took a shower first and then I followed. He was
lying naked on the bed and had opened a bottle of wine when I came out of the
shower. I could see that he just had had a hard-on while I was in the shower.
The dick was not rock hard but still stiff. When I jumped in bed I could see
that he looked at my dick in a way he hadn't done before. He handed me a glass
of wine. After taking a sip I put my glass away and got settled on my back. Mark
did the same thing. When he turned to me, I took his hand and placed it on my
dick. At this time I wasn't sure if he liked it or not. Luckily he did like it.
At first he started to play with it but then he played with my balls and
continued with my dick again. I took his head and pushed it down so he could
suck me and he did. It didn't take long until I came in his mouth and all over
his face.

Afterwards he came up beside me and said that he wanted the same thing. I turned
to him instead and said:- Now I want you to fuck my ass. I really want you
inside of me and if you're good I will suck it afterwards.I turned around to get
ready and I could see that he liked my initiative. He placed his dick to my ass
and started moving slow. At first it felt like he was to big for me, then he
slowly came in deeper and deeper. The pain I felt in the beginning was gone now
and I loved having him in me. Now he was so excited that he started fucking my
ass and I loved it. The only problem was that he came to quick. Right after he
had filled my ass, I turned around and said:- You stud, I'm not done with your
dick in my ass. I will have to continue with it later.We both laughed as he
pulled his dick out of me. I looked at it and decided to get a wet towel to
clean it. When I returned with the towel, I laid down in a 69 position on the
side so he could play with my dick while I played with his. After a few minutes
we fell asleep though, after a hard days work.

I don't know for how long we slept, but we both woke up when the door to our
room opened. In came Li and Antonia, the two young ladies that helped us out in
our booth. We thought that they were innocent ladies, but we found out that they
were even more experienced than we were. When they found us lying in bed, they
came to us right away and Li started talking.- So here you are, we've been
waiting for you in the bar but you never showed up. Now I can see that you
started with your fun without us. Isn't that a shame?- It certainly is, Antonia
continued. Especially as you've been playing with each other. We never thought
you had that preference, with your girlfriends waiting back home. I don't thing
that you will mind, if we will join you for some more fun.Before we were able to
say anything both of them got undressed and jumped in bed. Li went over to Mark
and turned him around on his back and placed herself over his face, so he could
lick her pussy while she sat on his face. She was an Asian girl with small tits
and a great body. Antonia came over to me and gave me a kiss and started to suck
Mark's dick. She was a white woman with long black hair, C-cup tits and also
with a great body. I joined her sucking Mark's dick but stopped her when it was
rock hard.- I am sorry to stop you here, but I promised before that I was not
done with his dick in my ass. You might want to help me out?I got up and placed
myself over his dick to ride him. Antonia understood what I was up to and helped
me get it in me. Then she also got up and sat on his belly turned against me, so
I could kiss her while the dick went all the way in me. Then she helped me move
up and down, to really fuck his dick. After a while she moved her legs so she
also could take my dick in her pussy while I sat on Marks dick. This was quite a
scene to watch. Antonia started to ride my dick while I leaned back to make it
easier for her. I was so turned on that I came within a couple of minutes. It
was great to see her tits jump up and down, while riding me. Meanwhile Mark had
been licking Li's pussy and she had had an orgasm. Then Li and Antonia switched
places, so Mark had to lick Antonia's cum filled pussy and give her an orgasm.
Li came behind me instead and helped me fucking Mark's dick. She held me close
from behind and made me ride him faster and faster. Every time the dick came out
of my ass, she helped it in again. We kept going for 10-15 minutes, before Mark
could come another time in me. All of us were quite exhausted by now and laid
down on bed and one by one we fell asleep.

We didn't fuck any more that night instead we slept all together in that king
size bed. In the morning the girls went to their room to get ready for a new
days work while we stayed in our room. When we came to the exhibition, Li and
Antonia started to tease us. Finally Li said:- Boys, I think we got something on
you that you don't want to be spread as a rumour. I mean what would the people
at the office think if we called the two of you lovebird? Not to mention what
your girlfriends would think if we called them up and told about last night.She
stopped and looked us. Then Antonia continued.- As you might understand, we have
a proposal that is very interesting for you. We won't tell if you will do as we
tell you. First of all, for the last two days of this exhibition you will have
sex with us when and how we want to. Then you will work for us in the afternoon
while we will go shopping instead. Last but not least the two of you will give
us money so we can go shopping.We had nothing to negotiate with so we agreed and
later that morning we gave them money as agreed. Before they left us on our own
they told us to get back to the hotel as soon as possible, when the exhibition
facilities closed. We were also told to get undressed and wait in the bed until
Li and Antonia came back.

I guess we waited for an hour before the door to our hotel room opened. Li and
Antonia entered, dressed up in a new outfit they bought during the day. They
came up to the bed and turned around:- How do you like the outfit you've bought
for us today? Li said. Isn't it nice?We both nodded and told them how pretty
they looked. Then Antonia said:- We guess you've been starving for sex while
we've been away? Now it is time for us to play a little with you. We've bought
some tools to use, to give all of us pleasure. She took her bag and emptied it
on the bed. There she had several dildos, hand-cuffs, whips and other things to
play with.- Now first of all, Li said. My pussy is dirty after shopping and I
need you to lick me clean Aron, she told me. Come over here and undress me.I got
out of bed and undressed her slowly. She was a great kisser and it was great to
play with her. When I had undressed her, I got down on my knees and started to
lick her pussy. It was like she said a dirty pussy after shopping. I realised
that Mark did the same thing with Antonia and there we were sitting on our knees
licking our ladies clean.

When I had made Li come, she ordered me to stand on all my four so she could use
me as her chair. There she sat watching Mark eat Antonia's pussy until she had
her orgasm. Then it was Mark's turn to stand on his four so Antonia could use
him as her chair. The ladies sat and talked for a little while not taking any
notice of us men, until Li said.- Now I think it is time for me to play with
this gentleman.She went over to the bed and took out a dildo and she lay down on
the bed to play with it in her pussy. After a couple of minutes she took it out
and went over to me.- I think you can start by licking this clean, open you
mouth.She took the dildo and put it to my mouth and I started to lick and suck
it. When I was done, she took it out and went over to my ass. There she started
pushing it in me and didn't care that it hurt me. I was quite soaring from
taking Mark's dick last night and now this dildo was even bigger. She made it
all the way in and started to fuck me hard with it. She really enjoyed doing
this, I could see. Finally she stopped with the dildo all the way in me and then
she said:- Now turn around so you can sit on the dildo while we will take care
of Mark.She helped me so I wouldn't loose it and I was made to sit on my knees
and get as comfortable as possible. Meanwhile Antonia had gone over to the bed
and brought out hand-cuffs. She cuffed Marks arms behind his back so he wouldn't
make any resistance.  Li walked up in front of him when they were done and
slapped him several times over his face. After that Antonia pushed him over to
the coroner of the room so he couldn't see what they were up to. I could see how
they took out a whip and were about to spank him. Antonia started spanking his
shoulders and his ass before they turned him around to spank his chest and dick.
He had a hard on now and the ladies liked that. They took it in their hands and
played with it in between. When they were done with this, they took him over to
the bed and made him lean forward over it, so Li could lie on the bed to make
him lick her while Antonia continued to spank his ass. Every time she spanked
him harder and harder and in the end he started to scream.- You're supposed to
be quite, Li said. I think we have to shut your mouth. Here this will keep you
quite.She had found Mark's sock and put it in his mouth. I could imagine the
smell and was happy that it wasn't me that had to take them. Li walked over to
me though and put her underwear in my mouth instead, but I liked that better. I
was still only allowed to watch while Antonia and Li seduced Mark, spanking him
and hurting him. The kept on for almost an hour and I could see the tears from
his eyes when they were hard on him. Then finally they released him from the
hand-cuffs and Antonia told him:- You've been a good boy now, so you will be
allowed to fuck a little bit. But it won't be our pussies, instead it will be
the ass you fucked yesterday. Li went over to me and took out the dildo. Then
she dragged me in my hair and made me lie down on the bed and Mark came on to
me. They helped him get his dick in my ass and made him fuck me harder than
before. It was good though to feel the dick all the way in my ass instead of the
dildo. I could hear him breath harder and harder until he filled me all up. The
ladies laughed and let us rest for while.- Now get up Aron and sit on Mark's
face, I think it is time for him to eat his own cream. Li said.Mark got out of
me and I was made to sit over Mark's face and I started to fart a little to get
the cream out. I could hear and feel that he didn't like it still we had no
chance stopping it. At the same time I had Antonia in front of me, giving me
kisses and Li behind me touching my body. I had a real hard-on and when Mark was
done, Antonia insisted me to fuck her. It was great doing that, while Li had
pulled Mark over on the side of the bed so he could only watch me fuck both of
the ladies. They knew how to seduce us and make us jealous. That was their
tactics to make me and Mark compete for the ladies kindness and right now I was
the king. This continued the rest of the evening and they made Mark sleep on the
side of the bed hand-cuffed to the bed while I had the ladies for myself.

Next morning they released us and it was the final day at the exhibition, but we
had made arrangement of another night at the hotel. There were just no flights
available in the evening so we thought from the beginning that is was nice to
stay another night to party a little bit. Now we had an idea that the ladies
would play with us again and it both scarred us and made us tempted. Like the
day before, they asked us for more money to go shopping and then they left us
right after lunch. This meant that we had to take down our booth after the
exhibition and send it back to the office. This took a couple of hours more than
the day before, so the ladies waited for us in naked in our bed when we returned
to the hotel.

Li started talking as soon as we got into the room.- It's about time that you
came. We have been waiting for you.She walked up to us and Antonia followed her
and then she said:- You know, we really want to fuck tonight and you can't stay
dressed like that. Let's have a small competition between the two of you. The
first one that gets naked will be rewarded with our kisses while the looser will
only be allowed to watch. You can start undressing now.I started undress as fast
as I could and thought that I was winning. When I was naked I realised that Mark
had won. The ladies came up to him and started kissing over and over again. Both
of us had a hard-on, Mark from the kissing and touching while I actually enjoyed
watching them. After a couple of minutes they let Mark go and Li said:- Now my
boys, before we start both of you must go down on your knees and put your hands
behind your back.I remembered last night when we had to eat their pussies and
all that happened afterwards. So we got down on our knees and Li went over to
the bed and picked up one pair of hand-cuffs. She came over to us again and went
behind me. Slowly she attached them over my wrists and then walked around me
with a smile. Now I was captured and Antonia said:- Mark, you can get up and pay
the bribe you offered us this morning. That will give you the advantage of being
with us tonight.I looked at Mark and realised that he had went behind my back,
to get in bed with the ladies like I had done last night. He paid the girls and
then Li said:- Don't hurry dear there is something you have to do first. We want
you to give Aron a kiss and then you will have to give him a little treatment to
ensure that he will be nice for the rest of the night.Mark came over to me and
gave me quick kiss and then Li continued:- Now you shall slap his face until we
say that it is enough.Mark turned around to slap me and so he did. I lost count
at 14 and he just continued. Meanwhile Antonia had picked up the whip and
suddenly she said:- Stop that is enough. Aron bend over so we can see your ass
and Mark take this whip and spank his ass until I will tell you to stop. Do it
proper now so he really can feel the pain.Mark took the whip while I leaned
over. At first he started spanking me slowly but he got harder after a little
while. I tried to scream in pain, but Li covered my mouth so no one could hear
me. Finally Antonia told him to stop and the ladies pulled me over to the foot
of the bed and fastened me to it. Then the three of them jumped in bed and the
ladies started to play with Mark. He was rock hard and it didn't take long until
he fucked them for the first time that night and then they just continued. I was
not invited to join them instead I had to watch while I could sense the smell of
their pussies. They continued to fuck over and over and they never paid any
attention to me. I was not released until next morning after the ladies had left
the room. My ass was still soar after the treatment Mark had given me, but I was
horny after what I had seen. I went straight into the shower and jerked off.
When Mark saw me doing that, he just laughed at me.

This was the end of our business trip and we all went back home. We had our
girlfriends to return to, but I knew that I would have problems explaining the
marks on my ass. Of some reason I managed to hide it or at least my girlfriend
didn't say anything. Antonia and Li had no boyfriends, instead the started using
us for sex whenever they felt like it. This led us into a path of cheating on
our girlfriends and satisfying our lovers. In the beginning it was difficult to
lie about it, but now it feels natural. I wonder at the same time how much our
girlfriends were cheating on us. As far as I have noticed, it has happened
several times.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





