BDSM Library - Power of Attorney




Power of Attorney
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Successful attorney Jennifer Corbitt hires a new secretary, Kristina, humiliates her and tries to mould her into Jennifer's submissive plaything.  However, some girls will only take so much... 
Power of  Attorney

(F/F, domination, humiliation)

(c) 22 January 2005 by Kristina Katyn & Cowgirl


My name's Jennifer Corbitt, and it all started with...Kristina.

See, I have a weakness for intelligence, and I hired this cute new secretary,
Kristina. I had hired bright girls before, with varying degrees of success.
Kristina was the latest. I liked to encourage keen secretaries and I thought
this one might even eventually work her way up to be a paralegal in the firm I
work for.

***

Nice girl, sharp as a whip. Went through several dimwits before I could find one
who could stand the heat. At 27, I'm one of the *youngest* women to make
partner, and though I'm not a total bitch, I don't, or can't, suffer fools
gladly. You don't get ahead by showing *any* weakness in the legal business, and
if your secretary drops the ball, it's *your* ass, not hers. Though any
secretary is generally clueless as to the complexities of what we lawyers deal
with on a day-to-day basis.

It's like a partnership of sorts. A marriage, if you will. I'll eventually rely
on her for everything, if she's good! And Kristina (or Krissy, as I sometimes
call her when I want to remind her who's boss - silly name though, I prefer
Kristina) seems to understand this, and how important to me her position is. Oh,
sure, nobody likes being a stupid little secretary at first, but she's resigned
to it or she wouldn't have *jumped* at the chance like she did. That's why she
makes an excellent subordinate. Okay, I'll admit to some naughty temptations.
I'm guilty. But it's, well, it's just a game really. Besides, she likes to play
it. Actually I'm lying. She fucking hates it, but that's half the fun:
deliberately testing my little Kristina by requesting she do all sorts of menial
things *outside* her job description.

Just to SEE if she will.

How far she'll willingly be pushed. I can't describe what it does to me, seeing
her face try and hide her anger, her indignation!

Oh, I know, it may sound tame. But seeing her pause in silent embarrassment and
anger about something we both know is TOTALLY out of line for me to ask,
*affects* me so, well, personally. Affects is an evasive word. I just find her
resistance so damned Provocative and hypnotic!

It really is the high point of my day! I've rarely met another woman whose
buttons were so much fun to push as this new reserved girl in sensible shoes and
modest skirts. The word 'rush' doesn't even begin to describe how intoxicating
and giddy I feel from the battle of wills just beneath the surface lurking in
her unwilling silence - and eventually her shrug of agreement to whatever stupid
chore I've requested.

I'm guilty. But it's, well, it's just a game really. Besides, she likes to play
it. Actually I'm lying.

She fucking hates it.

But who cares? I'm excited by moulding her into someone I can use. I only get
cruel when I feel that weak silly side of her that needs CRUSHING out. And,
despite her pouty looks, dancing defiant flicker in her green eyes, her supple
firm body arching as she swallows hard, lifts her porcelain chin, boldly meeting
my gaze, responding to this treatment, thriving on it.

***

"Kristina, what are you doing?" I snapped from behind my desk.

"I'm typing the Stevens contracts...Didn't you want them...ASAP?"  She answered
in a rush of words.

 "Kristina, honey, those can wait. You've got to learn to *prioritize* dear.
Now, stop that sillyness and hurry on in here...pronto!" I tossed my hair back
defiantly. She quickly scurried into my office licking her pale lips nervously.

"OK. Completely clean up my office. Start by reorganizing the filing shelves;
this includes...." I paused, eyebrow arched as if to look for her missing
notepad.

"Oh, sorry Jennifer." She panicked, fetching it over lighting fast and was
standing at my side seconds later. An electric shudder reverberated through me
at her alertness.

"I'm gonna glue that thing to you one of these days... It should be ingrained by
now... "

"Oh, Yes ma'am." She managed through stiff lips.

"Okay, where were we? Reorganize the shelves. Start by taking all the files out
one by one, dust each one, sponge-clean the shelves, check each file and make
sure that any loose pieces of paper are inserted..."

"Jennifer...that's a lot of...I mean, there must be...hundreds of..." I savored
her staring blankly, mouth open slackly.

"...thousands of pieces of paper, actually, but it's OK. You can stay late." My
eyebrow raised in amused contempt, her lips pursing, cheeks scarlet as I rolled
on. "

...So, make sure each one is hole-punched and inserted in date order. And do the
same with all the files piled up on my floor. You can borrow a vacuum cleaner
from the janitorial staff and vacuum up every last little bit of dust and junk
on the floor. Any questions?"

"I'm sorry Jennifer. I'm not being difficult, but...I'll never make it...even if
I work all night..."

"Well, you *could* stay after work for the next three nights, from, say, 6.00pm
to 4.00am? That gives you from 4.00am till 8.00am sleep time. Four hours is
plenty! I want this office spotless, and I think it reflects on you you're
asking for extra time..."

Her brows drew together in an angry frown. I can't describe the sweet
anticipation that floods through me, drinking in her chin in a stubborn line,
poorly hiding her anger, her indignation.

Her self-hatred for even considering such a crazy request.

"Kristina, I want you to go walk over so you're facing those files. Just do as I
say, right now." My voice courteous, but patronizing.

"Huh?"

"You heard me...go stand face to face with those messy files. Don't stop till
you're three feet away from them.

She indignantly shifted from foot to foot as she made her way across my carpet,
to stand with her back to me, facing the wall of files.

"Good. Now, bend over, at the waist, until that cute little nose of yours is a
few inches from the third row of shelves..."

I couldn't see her face, but her body stiffened , and I could feel her
uncertainty, fear, and petulance.

But she did as I said, her full delicious little round bottom making a 'heart'
before my wondering gaze.

"Jennifer?  What's this about?"

"Does your boss's shelf look sparkling clean Kristina? Does it?"

"No...it's dusty, like you said"  Her words came flat, burning with humiliation
over the obvious point I was making. "Can I stand up now?  My legs are..." 

"Yes, I taunted. I can see that. NO dear, just stay there for now...Kristina, I
want you to, study that dirt. Look at it. Get to *know* it. Dirt may seem
repugnant to you, but it's something someone in your position must acknowledge.
We both know you think you're better than this, don't we?"

"Dirt? No ma'am, I don't think..."

"Oh, don't deny it dear. You think you're above cleaning your boss's office,
getting on your knees, soiling yourself...don't you?"

"If you say so ma'am."

"Don't call me ma'am. I'm not your mother Kristina, or should I call you Krissy?
Are you just a little girl now? Is that why you keep calling me ma'am? Looking
for a momma you can cry too, are we princess?"

Kristina said nothing, but I could hear...

...little sobs escape her parted lips

...as I watched her cute ass in the air as she stood there bent perfectly at the
waist in silent shame.

"OK Krissy, stare at your new friend 'the dirt', and when you two make friends,
you come back out of my office."

"How long ma'am. I mean, Jennifer...should I...look at it?"

Her question surprised me, the word 'rush' not even beginning to describe how
intoxicating and giddy I felt from the battle of wills just beneath the surface
lurking in her unwilling silence - and eventually her shrug of agreement to this
stupid chore I had requested.

"How long do you *think* is appropriate Krissy, huh?"

"Till I learn my lesson?"

"...That's not exactly a specific amount of time now, is it dear? How long do
YOU believe it will take for you to 'learn your lesson'?"

"...Half an hour...?"

Wow! I didn't think she'd stay there that long - five minutes tops I had
thought! This was turning into the high point of my day! I've never met another
woman whose buttons were so much fun to push as this new, reserved girl in
conservative shoes and polite skirts.

"Are you asking? or suggesting? ...Take the initiative Krissy."

"I'd like to suggest half an hour Jennifer." She managed through clenched teeth.
I could feel her legs were already screaming from the angle, her lower back
sweating as she smothered a groan.

"You're sure about that?" There was intensity in my lowered voice.

"Yes..." She quietly managed.

I walked down to get some lunch, images of her, the poor aroused, suffering girl
swirling through my mind, and it was all I could do to rush through my sandwich
and force myself to 'casually waltz' back in, catching her standing there...

"It's been over a half hour Kristina."  I chirped musically, as she slowly stood
back up, her legs quivering from probably falling asleep in that lewd position.

"Thanks ma'am..."

I burst our laughing as she turned, and she got a perturbed frown on her face,
checking her nose in her compact and seeing a comical little 'dust mark' kissing
the end of her nose, something like a clown!

"Well, I guess you two really DID get to know each other, huh?" I teased
mercilessly, as her eyes danced angrily, hands clenched, teeth grinding together
at my mirth.

"...Of course, cleaning offices is really a privilege! Rubbing your nose in my
dirt doesn't guarantee your worth, does it? Why, when *I* started at the firm I
could have reorganized twice this size room in a single day... So if you're not
up to it..." I shrugged, my mouth twisted in implied threat.

"Wait, I'm fine. I promise! And, sorry to complain, Jennifer. It's fine. And I
can work this evening, I can move things around..." she said, wiping her nose,
her face flushed.

"Move things around? Listen to yoooou. Honestly...Kristina, you're 21. What have
*you* got to 'move around', except that sweet little tushy of yours?" I smirked.

Kristina managed a tremulous, embarrassed shrug, unable to face my mocking smirk
as I caressed her arm in the office. It seemed to make her wince whenever she
caught me appraising her figure, or lightly brushed up against her shoulder or
arm, as I was freely doing now, directing her gaze to the floor, as I sat down
to work.

Seeing her pause in silent embarrassment and anger about something we both know
is TOTALLY capricious.

Kristina's willingness to not only smear her own nose in my dirty office, but to
suggest her own punishment time kept floating through me in sensual waves of
heat and shame. Her conflicted expressions of hurt and anger at my thinking so
little of her was a priceless gift that'll nourish my restless body through the
day. Just ignoring her as she's scrambling to get all this work done right next
to me sends little chills through me.

The odd part is, I know deep inside she's trying, struggling for the courage,
strength and self-confidence to get fed up and tell me to piss off and quit. To
say, "No, I WON'T... How dare you ask me!"

But we both know she won't.

***

One afternoon, I told her about an important meeting I had with a potential new
client the next morning. This middle-aged corporate executive was well-known to
have an eye for attractive, available girls, and Kristina was attractive, but
certainly didn't have that available look. She dressed too...sensibly.

"Kristina", I explained, "if we can get this guy's legal business, or even part
of it, it will make a huge difference to the firm" (ie. my remuneration package)
"AND to your year-end bonus" (yeah sure - like 250 dollars instead of 200!).

"So, please would you dress more...temptingly tomorrow."

"Temptingly? What do you mean Jennifer?!"

"Kristina, you know what men are like. They get a thrill seeing a bit of leg, a
glimpse of underwear, the outline of a bra. They love a bit of eye contact, the
possibility that something might happen. They're like naughty children."

"But, I've heard Mr. Croker is married with three kids. He won't be interested
in that sort of thing!"

"Krissy, Let me be the judge of that."

"Jennifer, surely my job description does not include...exposing...myself to
clients. And you know I'm not that sort of woman...I'm shy with men anyway and
Mr. Croker is old enough to be my father."

"It remains to be seen what sort of woman you are... Don't question me Krissy.
Your precious job description, if it were written down...which it isn't,
includes helping me with anything conducive to furthering the firm's business.
And if that necessitates wearing a particular outfit to help me, you WILL wear
it! Won't you...Krissy?

...Unless of course you'd rather switch to a janitor's job and wear a nylon
housecoat over second hand clothes. There's a vacancy, I understand.

We are trying to make money here, Krissy, not run a convent.

...So, do you have any sexier clothes than your rather...sensible usual
outfits?"

Kristina looked at me with an expression deep inside her eyes, as if she were
thinking, "But you can't turn me into a sex object for your clients...But maybe
it is for the good of the firm... But...it can't be expected, it can't
be...normal... "

...But she replied,

"I,...I really don't have any... sexy ...clothes Jennifer. I always dress pretty
conservatively, I guess."

"Look, Krissy, go out and buy one of those extra-short, swirly mini-skirts which
the kids are wearing at the moment. And...do you have any transparent panties?"

"Jennifer! What are you saying? NO I haven't!"

"Go out and buy some then!" They don't have to be COMPLETELY see-through.
Like...get those ones with a flowery, gauzy, semi-transparent front. You know
what I mean."

"Jennifer...please...don't make me...flash my panties at Mr. Croker...for you."
Her lips quivered. She was on the verge of tears. My little secretary was nearly
breaking down...

"CHILL OUT Krissy. I'm not asking you to do ANY such thing. Just wear the
mini-skirt, the sexy panties, a pretty bra, a white blouse and cute shoes. Don't
wear pantyhose. That's all!

Millions of women dress like that every day. I shouldn't because I'm an attorney
and a partner. You can because you're a secretary.

AND, just make sure you sit round at the side of the table and cross your legs
every now and then. Maybe bend over a bit low when you pour the coffee... The
outfit will do the rest by itself!

I'm sure Mr. Croker will be interested in wanting to see your legs again (and
MAYBE your panties again - if he catches a sight of them!) - AND thus in doing
more business with Vernon & Oakley.

Krissy, it is for the good of the firm. Please understand."

"But...Jennifer...I want to improve myself and work up to becoming a paralegal
here, maybe even take the bar exam. No one will take me seriously if I don't
dress properly."

"No one will take you seriously if you don't do what you are told either,
Kristina."

Kristina wanted to tell me to go and jump in the lake. But part of her knew I
was right. And all of her knew I was her respected boss.

Her face was slightly flushed and I'm sure her pussy was throbbing at the
thought of her boss practically ordering her to expose her underwear to a
client. I could sense it. And I knew my pussy was wet as I watched her confused
face as she prepared to submit to my will.

"Good. That's settled then." I declared.

"Thanks so much sweetie. Knock on wood we get the business."

***

That's why I hired her. I'm very good at reading people, my job depends on it.
What excites me is the blind desperate fear and one-in-a-million shot that
she'll get some guts and actually tell me to piss off. And quit. Yet what pushes
me into a dark little cloud of desire is how she never disappoints me, and
always sells herself short and jumps to. It would be almost sad if it weren't so
damned funny, what people do to themselves. Kristina's been doing this long
before I came along, surrendering to people and tasks she hates. If not me,
she'd find someone else, sick little bimbo she is.

As time goes by I had to up the stakes so I wouldn't get bored.

I was going on vacation the next week, needed to buy some new underwear and
things and didn't have time to get away from the office. Kristina could
obviously help me.

"Krissy," I began, "would you be a darling and go down to the shopping mall and
pick up some things for me. I need five new pairs of panties, nice matching
bras, and some pads and things. Put in on your card and I'll pay you when you
get back" (if I remember).

Silence. A quiet, silently outraged stare. She was thinking, "I'm not your
`personal shopper' - especially not for lingerie and sanitary products."

"...But...but...Jennifer, I don't even know what type you like or what size you
are!"

"I've thought of that, stupid!" I handed her a brown paper shopping bag. "I've
put in there some current examples of my favourite panties, and one bra for size
- and empty packages of the sanitary stuff I like. Just make sure you match up
the bras nicely! Show the panties to the sales girl at Hanley's when you get to
the store, and she'll do the rest. Easy!"

...What I didn't tell her was that the panties were straight from my laundry
basket...unwashed, and well-worn. I envisioned the scene at Hanley's when my
little Krissy opened the bag and, in disbelief, passed to the assistant my dirty
laundry, saying, "My boss sent me to ask you for some more like these. I'm sorry
they're dirty. She must not have had any clean ones to give me."

I wondered, would Kristina sniff my panties in the street on the way back - or
in the privacy of the ladies' room?

***

Slowly...over several months, the realization dawned on me that I liked bossing
Kristina around because...I lusted after her...with all my being.

And deep inside, I WANTED her to stand up to me. To tell me to shut up. To push
me back over my big, antique wooden desk, pull aside my panty gusset and push
her fingers ROUGHLY into my pussy. To kiss me full on my mouth. To sit in my
comfortable leather chair and advise clients while I did her filing for her and
ran her errands. To pay me a pittance while she took home thousands of dollars
every month. To buy me a little box of soap every Christmas. To tell me what to
wear. To advise me about my private life. I wanted her to be MY boss.

The same thing must have been occurring to Kristina at the same time. Over the
months she became more confident. She had picked up a lot of legal knowledge
from me and from the others. She began giving basic legal advice. She started
doing a bar course in the evenings.

The senior partner liked her. Everyone liked her. She dressed better and better.
She began wearing colourful and elegant suits, with well-cut short, but not too
short, skirts.

***

A few months later she and I were in a structuring meeting with Mr. Croker and
his team. His company was now a major client. Mike Moreton, our senior partner,
had turned up at the meeting to see how things were going.

After that very first meeting, Mr. Croker had told me how impressed he had been
that an up-and-coming paralegal could be so attractive and feminine too.

"But she's not a paralegal." I had said. "She's just my secretary."

"Well Jennifer, she knows a helluva lot of law for a secretary. Haven't you
noticed?"

But I digress...

In this structuring meeting, I was saying,

"I'm sorry. There's just no way you can structure this property purchase to
achieve a tax rebate."

...When Kristina interrupted,

"Jennifer,...Canford..." She used Mr. Croker's FIRST name! "I think you will
find that we can bring the purchase payment within Schedule C(3) of the '86 Real
Estate Exchange Act. That should save Croker Inc. 10 million dollars."

My whole body froze as I realized she was right. I had completely overlooked the
application of the '86 Act. My pussy clamped shut...cold and dry...as Kristina
solved my client's problem and saved him 10 million dollars - all in an open
meeting in front of his whole team, AND our senior partner!

"...Oh ...yes...of course Kristina. Thanks for mentioning it. I was going to
come on to that possibility later."

Everyone in the room, my clients, my senior partner, turned and looked at me,
thinking,

"Oh no you weren't. Your cute paralegal knows more law than you do."

***

Time passed. Jennifer picked up everything so fast. She passed her bar exam
first time.

She sent me e-mails: "Jennifer, you are putting on weight. I suggest you diet."
"I will go to the Stinson meeting tomorrow. There's no need for you to be
there." "You're not as quick as you were. Is everything OK?" "I'll be late
tomorrow morning. Could you do your filing yourself please." "Jennifer, I'm not
going to be out of the Consolidated Steel meeting until 5 o'clock. Please would
you collect my dry cleaning."

The senior partner invited her to a big dinner at his house and didn't invite
me.

I began to lose confidence and fell apart professionally. I couldn't concentrate
on my work anymore.

One day, for example, Kristina stepped in to help me - "Look Jennifer, you're
not up to this today. I'll dictate it onto tape and you type it up for me to
check tomorrow morning. OK?"

"...Uh...yuh...of course Kristina. I'll stay late tonight."

***

Months later, one afternoon, I left work early for a dentist's appointment. When
I came in the next morning at 9.30, Kristina was sitting...in MY chair...at MY
desk. Her hot little ass, inside her executive skirt and no-doubt by now
imported panties, was snuggling into the sensuous leather of MY partner-size
chair. She was brimming with confidence.

As I entered the room, she beckoned me (ME!) sit down in her little grey
secretary's chair without arms. She strode around my large, antique, desk and
stretched up a leg to perch herself upon the front left-hand corner, swinging
her other leg around to make a comfortable seat for herself. In doing this, she
unavoidably and...aggressively...exposed to me (and left exposed) her gleaming
white, stretched panty crotch - as if to say, " Jennifer; I, and my vagina, are
in charge here from now on".

Whereas in the first Croker meeting, she had reluctantly aroused Mr. Croker's
interest by shyly allowing him glimpses of her legs and maybe her panties (I
couldn't tell), now she was a woman taking the initiative, using her underwear
as an offensive weapon - instead of as a thin layer of defence.

Framed by her firm, light-skinned thighs and tailored plaid skirt, her vulva
bulged against the thin white material which lovingly outlined her sex, her slit
- beckoning me like an eye; capturing my attention, hypnotizing me.

In that moment, I knew that she had the better of me and, what's more, that I
was destined to kneel one day between those commanding legs and press my face
against her sex...in submission and surrender.

My legs almost gave way with the tension of the moment, and I weakly collapsed
on to Kristina's little grey secretary's chair.

"Jennifer, after you left the office yesterday afternoon, Jerry Smith of First
State Bank called with an urgent section 24 problem. I've solved it, explained
everything to him on the phone and told him I'll confirm it all by letter. I've
just finished dictating it onto this tape. Please type it up for me ASAP. I've
got to go to a meeting in Mike's" (senior partner's) "office."

With that, she closed her legs, jumped off the desk and surged off to see Mike,
with a little wiggle of her ass - a victory wiggle.

I meekly inserted the tape into the player, put on her headphones and pressed
"play", my typing fingers at the ready. The tape began,

" Hello Jennifer. If your pussy is coldly throbbing right now, it means you will
be doing all my typing in future, doesn't it girl?"

"Yes Kristina." I pathetically whispered to myself. I was already well aware
that my panties were wet and that...my...pussy...was...coldly...throbbing.

***

I now always sat on the little grey secretary's chair without arms. I brought
Kristina's mail to her and made her coffee.

I was doing more and more typing. More and more chores.

I heard colleagues talking behind my back about who was working for whom -
Kristina for me or me for Kristina? I walked into the ladies' room one day,
hearing much giggling. When I appeared the girls went completely quiet.

By this time, I realized that I couldn't cope with anything more than basic
secretarial tasks. I found it difficult to concentrate, my voice had become
nervous and jittery,...but Kristina was keeping my clients happy. Mike had
insisted that we give her a huge raise and Kristina had convinced me that if I
didn't want it to get out that I wasn't doing any productive work anymore, I
should pay her 80 per cent of my take-home salary every month. So I set up a
huge standing order at the bank in her favour, and set about readjusting my
lifestyle to my secretary-level income!

I hated, but inside me, loved, writing out the checks to her every month. "Pay
to Kristina Katyn the sum of twenty thousand dollars only." ONLY! My life had
become a drudgery, paying over my money to her and trying to live on her salary.

She even told me I should dress, "more secretary and less partner".

She took me shopping and picked out some transparent white nylon blouses for me.
So everyone could EASILY SEE MY BRA through the cheap material. She preferred me
to wear thin bras. When the air-conditioning was cold, my nipples stuck right
out through my bra and blouse. Kristina kept the air-conditioning cold.

My imported lingerie was too expensive for me to maintain now, she told me. She
preferred me to buy cheap cotton or nylon full briefs. Occasionally she checked
up on me.

"What have you got on today Jennifer?"

"You mean...?"

"Yes Jenny. What underwear is my faithful little secretary wearing today?"

"I'm wearing big panties like you wanted. White, plain..."

"Let's see."

"What do you mean, "Let's see?""

"Don't be slow, Jennifer. I mean lift up your skirt and show me your underwear.
I want to check for myself that you are following my guidelines."

"Kristina, I may be going through a difficult emotional stage at the moment,
butI am still a partner in this firm. PLEASE don't make me DO these things!"

"Jenny, you know as well as I do that you're only hanging onto your job with my
help. If I were you I would lift up your skirt when I ask."

My eyes watered as the depths to which I had sunken became clear. I needed to
hang on for longer at Vernon & Oakley while I tried to get myself back together.
I needed time to recover.

Kristina sat back in MY leather chair and waited. I raised my skirt with both
hands, showing my ex-secretary my big, white, cheap briefs.

"Good." She pronounced. "Very practical underpants. Just like the janitorial
staff wear, I would imagine."

My face flushed with anger and despair as I Jennifer Corbitt, law firm partner,
stood in my office, showing my panties to my secretary for her approval. My
pussy tightened with excitement and I could feel that my pussy lips were
moistening.

"Show me undermeath too." Said Kristina.

"What! Kristina! No...please no."

"Yes. Please yes. Jennifer...Show me."

I inserted my thumbs into the waistband of my full white briefs and slowly,
nervously pulled them down until they rested at mid-thigh. My skirt had dropped
down, so I raised it again, revealing to my secretary the full "v" of my
intimate hair, dark against my white thighs.

I looked down and, to my eternal shame, saw a single sticky strand of wetness
stretching uo from my panty crotch to my swollen pussy.

Kristina saw it too.

I couldn't hide it anymore. Now Kristina knew how my body felt about her. My
mind had to follow.

"Oh, I'm sorry Kristina!" I spluttered, brushing away the give-away spider's
web-like strand.

"Your secretions speak louder than your words, Jennifer." joked Kristina.

My face turned deep red with shame.

"Cover yourself up now Jennifer. In future, though, I want your pussy to be
clean-shaven, like your armpits and your legs. I don't want a hairy secretary."

What was she saying? How far could she dictate my life to me? No way would I
shave my pussy for HER!

...But I knew I would,...that very evening.

***

As I knew it would, the day came.

I was tearful, but accepting, as the senior partner explained to me that,
frankly he couldn't understand how my performance had dropped off so totally;
but that the firm was so lucky to have a ready-made replacement in Kristina!

Now that Kristina was a partner, he was happy for me to take over permanently as
Kristina's secretary, as long as I increased my typing speed within 30 days to
the level she required.

I would be paid her old salary, less a bit while I got up to speed.

"Oh, and try to smile a bit more would you Jennifer. We like people to be upbeat
here. It's better for morale."


END


Send any correspondence to:

katyn99@hotmail.com

or

cowgirl_stupid@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kristina Katyn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





