BDSM Library - Journey Into Electric Darkness




Journey Into Electric Darkness
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How I got into electric shock and self bondage.
WARNING, do not repeat any of the acts I describe here. They were stupid and
dangerous and could have resulted in serious injury or death.  This is a true
personal account of how I got involved with BDSM and electric play as an
ignorant person blind to the potential deadliness of my homemade toys.  This
story is not encouragement to try anything it describes and I discourage anyone
from starting down this path.


I am a grown adult now but got into BDSM, electric play, and self bondage on my
own early in life with absolutely no influence from anyone else.  Until posting
this story to the net it has been a complete and dark secret of mine.  It is a
bad idea to say at what exact age it all started but let's just say it was the
beginning of puberty.

The Experiment:

While playing with an instructional electronics kit there was a mistake
involving a relay and an audio transformer that generated a square-wave ac
signal.  Touching the transformer output by accident produced a shock to the
fingers.  The feeling immediately captured my interest so I explored further by
touching two wires to various parts of my body.  Fortunately, safety was a
concern and there was a clear knowledge not to not do anything stupid like
connect a circuit across the heart. After playing with feet, legs and butt
cheeks the next thing was to try sticking one wire up my ass and touching the
other one just on the outside.  With the contact area of single bare wires being
so small the sensation was instant pinpoint burning pain. That was not fun right
away but the potential was obvious that there had to be something worth further
investigation.

The first step in my exploration was to go from a mistake to a serious electro
shock circuit.  Using a simple relay interrupter hooked up to pulse into a
transformer worked fine.  The frequency was too high at first and produced a
tickle buzzy kind of feeling.  Adding a capacitor across the relay slowed it
down some.  Playing with different values got the frequency reduced to about
50HZ which caused the most powerful muscle contractions.  The overall sensation
wasn't strong enough yet so further modifications were needed to produce more
output. More batteries helped and the audio transformer was very small so that
was replaced with a larger one from a broken radio.  That made it all too strong
so it had to have a variable resistor added to adjust the output intensity.

Next, it was time to build and test various electrodes to see what they felt
like.  Larger surface area contacts produced less burning and more of a deep
shock than small contacts.  Also, if one electrode was large and the other was
small then all of the sensation of shock would come from the smaller side.  It
was fun to place a large foil contact on each butt cheek and cause powerful
contractions.  From internal anal experimentation, the greatest sensitivity and
muscle response was produced with the electrode placed 1/2 to 1 inch inside. 
This was determined after positioning electrodes at various depths up to about
10 inches.  Placing an electrode deeper inside thinking it would give more
powerful sensations is not correct.  It didn't do much even with full power, it
just produced a weird sick nauseous ache inside that made me nearly throw up. 
That wasn't very fun and the risk of damaging an internal organ seemed real so
the deep stuff was abandoned and play was restricted to the outer regions of the
anus.  Two circular electrodes running around the probe produced pain but not
much in the way of contractions.  Side-by-side contacts running front to back
along the probe caused a powerful response.  Using the large transformer and
touching the battery to it manually for just one single shock pulse caused a
contraction hard enough to jerk the whole lower body around.

Seeds of Addiction:

It is hard to remember or describe exactly what I first liked about doing this.
The sensations were just so addictive.  It was unexplainable but I just liked
this specific kind of pain from electricity and liked it best in my anus and
nowhere else.  I wanted more of it and could not be stopped.  My ass kept
getting used to the shock level and whatever hurt for a while would eventual
fade and become uninteresting.  This started a never ending desire for a more
and more powerful sensation.  The way to get it was adding more batteries and an
even bigger transformer.  The circuit was finally capable of an output level so
high I could not work up the raw nerve to willingly turn the resistor all the
way down.

Again, that became easy and boring after a while and new dimensions were needed. 
I wanted to feel out of control and push my limits of pain so an off switch was
hooked up to a wind-up mechanical timer to produce a timed shock.  I would try
to just lay still and take it until the timer ran out but any level of shock
tolerable for starting out would eventually become too small after a while. 
That meant repeatedly reaching over and turning up the shock to get more effect
and again it was still limited by will power.  That was fixed by hooking up a
second timer to the variable resistor so the intensity would start out very
small and automatically build up to maximum.  It was exciting because the
resistor didn't always move smoothly and sometimes there would be big sudden
jumps in shock level.  Now hands were no longer needed to adjust the device once
started and it was possible to tie myself up somewhat to pretend being stuck. 
At first I would always test it out briefly at maximum with the electrode in my
ass to know exactly what I was getting into and make sure it was possible to
tolerate it full strength.  That was still too much predictability and no real
surprise.  So, I started adding an extra battery and starting the timers without
knowing how strong it was going to be when the resistor reached zero.  Again it
was not enough excitement because even with all the timers there was still some
level of control since it was always possible to just untie the ropes and reach
over to turn it off any time.  The only possible escalation from here was true
total loss of control combined with helpless submission to an unknown amount of
pain.

Fantasies of Pain Come to Life:

This was the point where it became a true twisted obsession even at such a young
age.  I was addicted to this exact type of anal pain and nothing else would turn
me on.  The sad thing is that I didn't even learn how to masturbate prior to
playing with electricity and now I was so jaded there was no possibility of
pleasuring myself without it.  Looking back, there might even have been a danger
of creating some kind of split personality with the sadistic inventor on one
side developing ever more sophisticated torture devices to punish the insatiable
masochist on the other side.  This is the kind of self-bondage scene I was into
less than one year after starting down this path:

The power source was very refined now.  It had a delayed start, measured shock
duration and automatic power level increase timers.  Rechargeable batteries were
needed because there was no way to explain such a continuous need for expensive
disposables.  Not that rechargeables were cheap but it was easy to buy just a
few at a time and build up to the needed amount.  The charger only held four at
a time so it took three days to get them all ready.  It was hard to wait that
long but it was better to be certain there was enough charge available to push
the session over the edge and not run out rather than going early and suffering
total disappointment.  Sometimes I would glance over at it while doing my
homework and think about all of that fantastic power storing up to be released
back out and delivered straight into my rectum.  Extreme care had to be taken
since that many batteries short circuiting would easily start a fire leading to
either embarrassing discovery or embarrassing death.

When it was all finally ready, I would start by taking out my homemade 1 1/2
inch diameter 6-inch long dual-contact electrode.  The contacts had to be well
lubricated to work right and this was done with just a bit of masturbation to
produce the needed wetness.  Sometimes I would pretend to be that other person,
the sadist, running the probe up and down against me picking up my lubrication
while ever so lightly caressing my ass with desire and whispering "oh, just you
wait and see what we have in store for you tonight".  This was an important
beginning for the ritual because having my own body fluids ensure good
electrical contact was a way of creating a full circle linking my sexual desire
to the pain that was about to be inflicted.  Just the thought of it gave me
chills.  The cold probe was then inserted slowly into my anus leaving about an
inch sticking out.  Hot-melt glue was squirted around the exposed end and my
cheeks were pressed firmly together to make it stick good so it wouldn't fall
out when I thrashed around.  The burning of the melted glue against my skin was
just a small teaser for all the glorious pain about to come.  Hot melt glue wont
stick to the inside smooth skin of the rectum but it will stick to the outside
fairly well.  There was no hair in that region yet but if there had been it
would have been pulled off by all the glue for sure.  The glue kept it in there
pretty good but not enough to prevent removal so there was also a harness of
metal cable threaded through a hole in the end of the probe, wrapped around my
waist and secured with a lock.  One by one, batteries were taken from a pile on
the floor and placed into their holders.  It was a marvel that they looked so
innocent and yet so much potential pain lived inside of them if you only knew
how to set it free.  The electronics went into a plastic box and sat 6 feet away
from the bed locked into a desk drawer.  The heavy power cable was taken from a
thick outdoor extension cord and ran out and over to the bed and around a bed
post several times to prevent any pulling from removing it from the shock
source.  From there it ran up onto the bed and into the probe in my ass.  It was
tied to the metal cable harness very well to prevent being pulled out of the
probe.  My feet were tied spread eagle to the bed posts with just about a foot
of slack. There was another restraint tied to my wrist using a combination lock
and connected to a rope pulling my arm tight over my head to just about a foot
short of the headboard stretching my body out tight in the center of the bed. 
The other hand was left free to masturbate but there was no way using all
possible strength it could ever remove the electrode or undo any restraints.

The room was pitch dark but there was a light on a regular wall timer set to
turn on just after the session was completed.  Once that combination lock on my
hand was closed there was absolutely no return because it was too dark to see
the dial on the lock. Sometimes there was a second or two of hesitation but I
never failed to click that lock shut and seal my fate for the next hour.

It was an unbelievable feeling just waiting there in the dark anticipating what
was about to happen.  Adrenaline pumping in my veins and my heart beating fast. 
Counting out the seconds and listening to the muffled sound of timers ticking
away in the drawer wondering when it would start.  Questions dancing in my mind
like how long until the power level built up to causing serious pain and exactly
how much pain was going to result this time when the resistor reached zero and
let the full unrestricted shock flood into my soon-to-be-tortured anus?  Did the
timers get set right and what if the off switch didn't work this time?  Did all
of the wires get connected properly or was I going to just sit there like a
complete fool while absolutely nothing happened for an hour? 

When the shock started it was always just a small tickle at first but the sexual
excitement was undeniable.  After about 6 minutes it went from tickle to slight
pain and it was time to masturbate.  The charge slowly increased and the feeling
was pure pleasure so strong there was a ringing in my ears.  It was a precisely
timed sort of masturbation.  If the orgasm came too fast then the full effect of
the shock would be wasted but if it took too long then the pain level would get
so high it would stop the pleasure seeking dead in its tracks.  After the orgasm
hit me and started to fade, the shock-induced pleasure that was my friend would
turn against me and become all pain without pleasure.  Still, the timer on the
resistor ticked down, slowly but monotonously turning up the voltage bit by bit
with the occasional small jump as the resistor stuck a bit as it rotated.  Just
a few minutes more and it hurt so bad my body twisted around in bed straining at
the restraints in vain.  It was no fun now, why did I do this to myself? ... and
it was too late to ask.  My mind racing over escape plans but there was nothing. 
Sometimes I would claw at the electrode and try to pull it loose.  It was no
use, the restraints were just too strong but that was the point.   Struggling
wasn't meant to gain freedom, it was just a way of fully acting out the part of
a helpless torture victim.  There was no way to stop this inevitable process of
pain.  My whole ass was on fire now, muscles clenching, agony ripping through my
rectum.  A homemade gag made out of a t-shirt and locked into my mouth with a
metal cable prevented screaming out loud.  I could breath through the gag a bit
but would end up panting through my nostrils as fast as possible because of the
pain.  Still, the level of shock increased and now the pain seemed to extend out
from my rectum into my whole pelvis.  Maybe it took my breath away so much it
would not have been possible to scream even without the gag because I was truly
gasping for air as quickly as possible just to survive.  This could not be
attempted with any sinus congestion.  There wasn't even a stray thought to any
further masturbation at this point.  It was just about the pain and survival
now.  Despite my unquenchable appetite, there never was any permanent damage
done. Even so, in the heat of the moment there was always a fear that this was
the one time I had finally gone too far and the current was surely permanently
burning through my rectum leaving a charred mess of tissue burned onto the
probe.  There was no way of knowing how much time was left or if the power was
even all the way up yet.  There was intentionally no clock visible from my
position on the bed to help create more uncertainty and a person can't even
begin to keep track of time when crazed senseless with so much pain.  It just
went on and on like that for about 40 more minutes while I cried continuous
silent tears, arching my back, rolling my eyes into my head and sometimes
convulsing helplessly all the while knowing there was absolutely no escape from
the pain.

That was the exact mental feeling I grew addicted to, being helpless in pain
from my own actions.  My fiendish inventiveness had perfected a way of achieving
it all on my own at any time.  When the shock timer finally finished ticking
down it would turn off the shock and my body collapsed like a rag doll.  Maybe a
minute or two later the light timer activated and lit the room.  It was not
possible to not move right away. I felt weak and just lay there shivering for a
short while trying to slow down my breathing and heart rate.  It was hard to
open the lock with the pain still so strong my fingers would be shaking and
making mistakes while trying to dial the combination.  I would look down and see
my whole body dripping with sweat so much it had soaked an outline of itself
into the sheet.  It was important to keep water handy and not get dehydrated
before starting the next round of pain.  In a weird way I was proud of being
able to do this awful thing to my body like it was some achievement worthy of
praise but also so embarrassing it was impossible to share with any other
person.  That fear of having damaged myself internally was always there but it
was too much work to remove the probe between sessions and check the skin for
blisters.  If wiggling the end of the probe back and forth didn't cause too much
pain inside then it was good to go for the next round.  Sleep never mattered to
me.  When I got the craving sometimes the whole process would be repeated with a
fresh set of batteries about three times in a single night.  My insides started
out more raw with each successive treatment since they never had time to fully
recover from the last round.  That made the physical response increase each time
even though it was the exact same level of stimulation.  The last round was
always the hardest in terms of motivating to do it.  If I had ever gotten around
to buying one more set of batteries then I am sure I would have tried four
rounds but it was just as well, three took its toll plenty.  Once I had my fill
I would be tempted to just fall asleep right there still tied up with the probe
still in my ass.  That could never happen because risking discovery by my
parents was more frightening than a million volts.  I had to undo all of the
restraints and remove the electrode.  The glue stuck to the probe more firmly
than my butt so it would sometimes tear off a bit of skin.  It was always a big
sigh of relief to see that my rectum was intact and not blistered with oozing
burns.  The internal part of the probe was always hot to the touch and shining
with my sweat and other fluids.  It smelled victoriously of musk, ozone and
electrical tape.  God, I loved that damned evil thing and what it did to me. 
Even after a full night of agonizing pain and bone-deep exhaustion just the mere
sight of that electrode, my chosen master, still turned me on and set my blood
racing with desire my tired body couldn't deliver.  One last step, everything
had to be wiped off, disconnected, disassembled and hidden in various places
around the room to prevent my parents from discovering my implements of pain. 
That was it before drifting off to sleep with strangely tranquil dreams.

I had this unreachable fantasy of going further and forcing myself to take it in
one big continuous dose until I lost consciousness.  It was arousing just
picturing myself from above, bound and naked body laying unconscious on the bed
in a cold sweat but still jerking around from the shocks.  I never did find a
way to reach that point on my own.  All these years later you can read about
that in fantasy torture stories on the web.  People suddenly screaming one big
scream from an electric shock (funny too, it is usually in the rectum) and then
passing out.  Let me tell you, it is a whole lot more difficult to cause loss of
consciousness in real life and you probably cant do it using electricity without
causing third degree burns.

Epilogue:

I spent four more years heading down this path.  Maybe I will write more about
those years but this first year was the big one for me where the pattern was set
and the kink was formed.  Eventually, I realized that this insane quest for ever
increasing pain and risk was leading to something permanent and bad.  My will to
survive was stronger than my desire so I simply quit cold-turkey and pushed it
all deep into the back of my mind.  Jumping to the modern age of the internet it
became possible to safely share this story and find people with similar
interests.  There are some experiences to tell there as well.

-voltsjolts




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  volts jolts


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





