BDSM Library - Tommy Gets His Wish




Tommy Gets His Wish
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tommy gets caught peeping into the womens restroom and his balls get to pay the price.
Tommy Gets His wish

Tommy watched as a tall, well muscled woman made her way across the parking lot
into the main plant building.  Her breasts were snuggly outlined by her shirt.
There was no mistaking the taught nipples or  the firm beauty of her bosom.  As
she neared the entrance to the plant a shaft of sunlight highligted her
magnificent ass.  Tommy thought to himself "She's an Amazon Goddess. I'd love to
see that ass of hers up close and personal".  Tommy knew however that it was
extremely unlikely that such an event would come to pass. The goddess was way
out of his league.

People had warned Tommy to watch his step at that plant. There were rumors of
strange goings on there. The police had been called in to investigate a couple
of times. The investigations would go on for a while and then there would be a
statement that nothing out of the ordinary had happened.  Still the rumors
persisted. It was an interesting fact that there were only a few middle aged men
that stayed very long at the plant.  Young men were hired nearly continuously
but none seemed to stay long.  A lot of them moved out of town after quiting the
plant.

It was midway through his shift one afternoon when Tommy noticed two of the guys
from his section going into the plumbing by near the mens restroom. It irritated
him somewhat because he and two other men would be left to keep up the pace of
the line with those two goldbrickers heading into the plumbing bay. Tommy had
always wondered since he had arrived at the plant two years ago what was so
interesting in the plumbing bay. Guys would go down there for no apparent
reason. He would ask them but they wouldn't say anything. They just smiled.
Tommy determined to himself that he'd find out what was so darned interesting in
that plumbing bay.

Finally one Saturday when the line was shut down Tommy decided to go down and
take a look for himself. When he got down in the plumbing bay there didn't seem
to be anything out of the ordinary. There was just a lot of pipes and valves.
Then he heard the unmistakable sound of a commode discharging. He looked up at
the ceiling and saw a large pipe. He followed the pipe and it disappeared into a
wall above a small door.

Tommy opened the door and looked in. There was a ladder. It looked odd. The legs
had been shortened and there was a plastic chair seat screwed to the top of it.
He climbed up to the top and sat in the chair. He looked and there were two
holes in the wall. he looked in the holes. It was the inside of the women's
bathroom.

Tommy was embarrassed at the thought and started to get down. Just then the
Amazon Goddes came in. She was as big and strong and amazingly beautifu. She had
long black hair and bulging muscles. And... well you get the picture.

Tommy was suddenly sporting a raging hard on. He gasped as his Amazon princes
pulled down her pants and relieved herself...oh yeah .. then she sat on the
commode and took a good strong piss. The Goddess was getting up and cleaning
herself and pulling up her pants when Tommy intently watching accidentally
kicked the wall.  The Goddess turned quickly and saw Tommy's eye peeking through
the hole.

She jerked on her pants and Tommy bounded down the ladder and shot up the stairs
and slammed hard into the Goddess's hard stomach. The Goddess grabbed Tommy by
the scruff of the neck and jerked him up. Her Knee slammed violently into his
crotch. Tommy's breath went out of him in a big OOOFFF! He was barely conscious
for the second knee and not at all for the third.

Tommy awoke tied up in an unfamiliar place. His balls were sore and swollen. He
felt like his stomach was going to fall out. He tried to stand but all he could
do was vomit. Which he did until there wasn't anything left in him. Finally he
began to wonder where he was. Though the space was small and there were no
windows or electric lights there was enough light to see a little coming through
the door. The door at one end was the single opening to the cell.

Tommy stood up and stretched. He was beginning to feel some better. He knew he
was feeling better and that it had been some time since the encounter with the
Amazon Goddess because he was getting hungry. Tommy started when he heard a key
in the lock on the door. He stood back. The door opened and an Amazon entered.
Alas It wasn't his goddess. The woman roughly shoved him to the ground and
kicked him. "Prisoners don't stand in the presence of an Amazon guard!" she
spat. Tommy decided to stay down and hope she got bored with hurting him. When
she saw that he was sufficiently cowed she motioned to the door and a smaller
blonde woman entered.

She was carrying food and water. She looked at Tommy lying on the floor looking
scared. She giggled and said to the guard "You can go outside he won't be any
trouble." The guard scowled but nodded and went out into the hallway. She stood
close by and did not close the door. The woman pointed to a bench at the end of
the cell that was bolted to the wall. Go over there and sit on the bench. I'll
give you your food and you can eat before we begin. Tommy tried to protest but
only managed to finally squeaked out a single word. �begin?�.  Blondie looked
significantly at the cell door. "Shall I call the guard?"

Tommy scooted over to the bench and sat there. The woman pulled out a dish of
food that looked mostly like mush. Tommy took it and ate it even though he
didn't like the taste. He didn't know when he would get to eat again. Blondie 
began setting up a video camera and tripod arrangement at the other end of the
cell.

 After he was finished eating blondie spoke."take your clothes off. We're ready
to begin your test". Again Tommy hesitated. This time the  woman carried out her
earlier threat. She called the guard. The Amazon guard jerked Tommy upright and
kicked him solidly in the crotch. Tears came to his eyes. He thought to himself 
that if she kept this up he wouldn't have any balls at all..

The Amazon guard ripped Tommy's clothes off him starting with his shirt and
working her way down. As she got to his denim blue jeans she pulled out a large
bowie knife. Tommy's eyes got big and his mouth opened as if to scream but
nothing but a little squeak came out. The guard sliced the jeans and belt from
the waist to the cuff of both legs. Tommy felt the cold steel against his
scrotum as she cut through the crotch of the denim pants.

Tommy was standing naked at the end of the cell with the camera staring at him.
He moved to cover his genitals. The guard slapped him enough to make his eyes
water. She never spoke a word but Tommy understood that he wasn't supposed to be
bashful. Blondie  motioned for the guard to go back out into the hall. She
figured Tommy was to horrified to put up much of a struggle. Tommy was puzzled
by the fact that she had a small brush like you'd use to clean a test tube in
her hand. She approached Tommy and grabbed him by his penis. The very same penis
that was as hard as it had ever been.
 
She brandished the brush. Rather she twirled it by it's handle. "Know what this
is?"  Tommy just looked horrified and stammered "ahhh ahh". "Don't know what it
is honey?...Well I'll tell you what it is. It's a toy that I love to use a lot.
It makes little boys like you scream and beg and plead. It's so cute the sounds
guys  make when I use it on them. " Tommy's face blanched. He just sat there and
tried to protect his cock.

Blondie batted his hand away and said. "You want me to call the guard back
honey?... Didn't think so. I'm going to have a good time with you. I promise."
She reached down and grabbed his balls. For such a petite woman she had an
incredible grip. Tommy grunted as she gave him a mild squeeze. She smiled.
"We'll get to these later honey" She stroked his cock till it was rock hard and
precum oozed from the tip.

"Smile Honey... I'm going to love this...you aren't." With that the woman forced
the brush up Tommy's urethra. Tommy made a sound that was both expressive and
anguished. He kept screaming as long as the brush was moving up his cock.
Blondie Smiled. "We'll just let that stay in there a little while. You want to
be nice and clean don't you?"

Tommy just moaned. The woman noted that Tommy was still erect. She wrote that
fact down in a notebook. She tugged on the brush. The bristles dug hard into the
sides of his urethra. Tommy screamed again. Blondie started pulling steadily
harder. Finally the bristles flipped over through a combination of digging into
Tommy's flesh and buckling. Tommy screamed so loud that she pulled out a ball
gag and stuffed it in his mouth. "Don't make so much noise honey!  I'll have to
call the guard back."  Tommy couldn't notice but the guard was outside the cell
enjoying his torment imensely.

After she had buckled the gag securely she went back to her torments. She pulled
the brush out and a trickle of blood oozed from the end of Tommy's cock. "Don't
worry about the blood honey " She giggled and turned her attention to Tommy's
balls. She put a crude wooden clamp around the base of his scrotum to separate
his balls from his body.  "Those are nice ones honey.. Too bad you're going to
lose them. But they'll make a nice addition to my collection."

Tommy Stammered " What do you mean I'm going to lose them?" Blondie smiled and
made a sweet giggling sound.  "Honey the trial is tomorrow. This is the pain
tolerance test. I'll recommend your punishment to the judge this afternoon and
they'll deal with your balls tomorrow." Tommy started to speak when he heard a
loud 'SMACK' a half an instant later the pain from his balls reached his brain.

The sound he made couldn't really be classified as a scream but it was loud and
long and agonized. Just about the time the scream was beginning to die away
Tommy heard another loud 'SMACK'. He didn't recognize the sound but he felt the
agony of his balls. Blondie was batting his jewels with a wooden paddle. She
smiled at how easy it was to make a man howl. She kept it up until Tommy's voice
began to fail.

She made him lie down on the bench and sat on his face. She made him eat her
cunt until she came in a great flood all over him. By now Tommy was nearly
catatonic from the pain and the exertion. Blondie became bored and called the
guard and left.
 
Tommy came slowly back to conciousness later in the night. His balls were still
clamped and swollen and purple. They ached and ACHED and ACHED!!!! They hurt so
much he could hardly move. He touched them to see if they were burst. They were
not. He could feel the solid outline of both balls in the tight stretched skin
of his ball sack. Though just touching them made them hurt more. He thought of
loosening the clamp but he didn't dare. He passed back out and didn't awaken
until the guard kicked his battered package to get him awake.

The sound that came from his mouth sounded more like a strangled cat than a man
in pain. The guard jerked him upright. "They're ready for you now pig. I guess
you'll find out what's going to happen to you. I bet you won't peek in any more
holes ...ha.."  She shoved him emphatically out the cell door. Tommy was still
naked. The clamp hung down on his balls and his cock bobbed in front of him down
the hall.

The guard jerked him to a stop in front of a big mahogany door. He heard is name
called. The door swung open and the guard shoved him inside. His Amazon Goddess
was sitting in a high backed chair in a judges lectern. She looked at his
nakedness. He made a move to cover his genitals. The guard slapped his hand and
his balls with a loud SMACK! Tommy groaned.

The goddess picked up a sheet of paper. She looked at it carefully. Then she
turned to Tommy. "The court will now consider the case of women versus Tommy..." 
Tommy  shuddered. "The prisoner will advance to the bench".. The guard shoved
Tommy forward. The clamp on his balls made it hard to walk. He stumbled. Finally
he waddled painfully up to the lectern.

The goddess looked down at Tommy and noticed his swollen balls and fully erect
cock. She smiled. "The court has noticed your insolence" Tommy followed her
gaze. Try as he might. His cock would not go down. It stood straight and proud
at it's full 9 inches.

The goddess read the charges. "Tommy you are charged with aggravated peeping. To
wit...you did for a sustained period peep and otherwise invade the privacy of
women employed at the ...plant." "How do you plead?" Tommy stammered "mmmm aaa
mm... if it please the court.... I ...ah ... I ahh... I'm... ahhh innocent"

She fairly shouted his name. "Tommy! Do you know the penalty for this charge?"
Tommy stammered."nnn oo"...  The Goddes looked extremely pleased with herself as
she clearly enunciated the probable sentence. "If the court finds you guilty you
will be castrated and penectomized" " do you want to change your plea?"...

What she didn't tell him was that his plea didn't matter a whole lot in this
instance. There was hardly any better evidence that the Goddess herself having
caught him looking throught the hole in the womens room wall. Tommy
stammered..."It was only the one time.. I'd nnn eev..er ddd one it beffffore"
The goddess stared daggers at Tommy "Very Well... your 'not guilty' plea stands"
The court will now consider the charges.

The goddess opened a curtain and an audience of 50 women appeared. Tommy noticed
that he knew most of them. They worked at the plant. They worked at the school
he went to. Hell even the girl who lived next door to him was in the audience. 
The goddess turned to the audience " You heard his confession .. I caught him
coming out of the plumbing bay... " She paused for effect " What say you women?"
They shouted back in unison "GUILTY!!!..GUILTY!!!...GUILTY!!!"

The goddess turned toward Tommy "Very well.. Tommy you have been found guilty
... do you have anything to say for yourself before I pass sentence?.." Tommy
was speechless. He could only stare at the goddess in horror. His mouth moved
but no sound came out. "Speak or I'll pronounce judgment immediately" the
goddess shouted. Tommy still could only open and close his mouth. No sound came
out. Finally a young woman stood up in the gallery and began to speak. "Goddess,
may I approach the bench?" The Goddess looked up at the galley " Who requests
and audience with the Godess?" "I do your majesty." The girl started toward the
bench.

"Who are you and what bearing do you have on this case?"

"My name is Jennifer. I live next door to the defendent."

The Goddess watched Jennifer as she approached. She noticed that Jennifer was a
budding young Amazon. Her wide set eyes didn't waver when she held them. "You
have something to say in his defense?

"Not exactly your majesty but I do have some familiarity with the defendent if
you'll hear me."

"Very well you have two minutes to speak your peace." .

Tommy thought that ever since Jennifer had moved next door she  watched him. She
watched him through her window when he was showering. He knew that she had
planted a camera in the shower. Hell his own mother had helped her. They thought
he didn't know. Tommy thought to himself "Good finally someone who will speak
for me".

She began to speak... "Since the court has already found Tommy guilty I'd like
to suggest a fitting punishment!" Tommy made a grunting sound. He was even more
horrified that they were talking about ways to castrate him that were 'fitting'.

The goddess looked over at the bailiff.  "Gag the prisoner .. we'll have no more
outbursts" The guard kicked Tommy solidly in the balls. They nearly burst
against the clamp that still held them fast. They were swollen the size of a
softball and purple. The guard shoved a ball gag into his mouth and buckled it
tight around his head. Tommy only cried silently.

The Goddess looked pensive "What do you suggest Amazon Jennifer?" Jennifers
chest swelled when she heard the goddes use the term of respect. She began to
speak "Well since the feast of Athena is coming up I suggest that Tommy's balls
would be a fitting sacrifice at the feast. "

The Goddess gasped. "Yes Tommy would be fitting for that but it's so boring to
just cut off a boys balls at the feast. I guess we could cut his penis off too
though the ritual doesn't specifically call for cutting off a penis."

Jennifer approached the bench  "Well I have a more imaginative way to end his
balls. Why not since his crime is peeping at women relieving their bladders that
his balls should come to an end that way.... I say at the feast Tommy should
support a large barrel with his balls. Women at the ball would then relieve
their bladders into his face at close range. The women's urine would then
collect in the barrel. And when it got full enough...."

The goddess smiled. "A fitting end to a peeping Tommy's balls! To be ripped off
by the weight of women's piss... I so decree it! Make it so!....

Tommy shuddered... He knew his balls were history now. The guard returned Tommy
to his cell. There were a couple of final thumps to his balls before the guard
left. Tommy passed out again before the ritual ball kicking was over. Passing
out was beginning to become the best defense against the constant pain in his
balls.
 
Tommy was stirred by a soft feminine voice. He was still groggy and his balls
were screaming in agony. He realized it was Jennifer. She unbuckled the ball gag
and pulled it out of his mouth. As soon as it was free he started asking her why
she hadn't defended him. Jennifer kicked his balls lightly. She used the ensuing
lull and grunt to explain in her sweet voice that she was saving his penis. By
submitting to the punishment the Goddess had decreed he would come away from
this experience with his cock intact. "If you keep fussing they'll pull your
cock out too!" Tommy started to protest.  Jennifer slapped him hard and said
"Don't be such a sissy I was going to castrate you in a couple of months anyway.
This will be a great honor. So what's it gonna be just your balls or both your
cock and your balls?" Tommy considered the loss of both his cock and his balls
for a minute.

He protested "I only peeped once! There are other guys who do it all the time!
How come I'm getting castrated and not them? " Jennifer smiled... "Silly boy! It
was a trap! Those other guys were going in the plumbing trap on the goddess
orders! They weren't peeping. They were standing at the foot of the ladder. They
don't want to lose their balls!" Jennifer was laughing at Tommy. "So are you
going to go along or do I have to report to the goddess that you want your cock
removed too?"

Tommy just stared at Jennifer. "Good ... the care takers will be here in a
little while to get you ready"

Jennifer replaced the gag and started to leave. Then she turned around with a
devilish look in her eyes. "Oh! I forgot. There is the little matter of the
ritual.." Tommy looked with his eyes wide open as Jennifer drew back her foot
and kicked his swollen purple balls. SMAK! SMAK! SMAK! By the second kick
Tommy's world was going dark. Sparks were shimmering across his vision. After
four strokes Tommy was completely out. Jennifer Smiled broadly and left the
cell.
 
When Tommy came to he was trussed up like a chicken ready to be baked. His hands
were tied inside a leather uni-glove over his head. His feet were braced apart
with an ankle spreader. There were three women working on his balls. One of them
was complaining loudly about not being able to attach a particularly nasty
looking piece of hardware to his cock. Finally one of the other girls spoke up
"Goddess had decreed that his balls be pulled out at the feast" The other girl
started to speak... The first said "Do you want to go against the goddess
wishes?" "Do you remember what happened the last time a caretaker went against
goddess' wishes?" The second girl was quiet after that.

Tommy was gagged so that the rough handling of his balls wasn't making much
noise from him. After a particularly rough sequence of strapping squeezing and
stretching. One of the caretakers noticed Tommy was screaming into his gag. She
said "Look he's awake!" Good he'll be awake for the whole punishment! The drugs
are taking effect!"

The leader of the caretaker team said "Feel This?" Tommy's balls telegraphed
intense pain to his brain!.. Tommy grunted loudly into the gag. The girl smiled
evilly and said "good .. that's just a little of what you're going to get."

With that the girls took Tommy out the door of his cell and carried him down a
long hall. They got to a narrow door in the wall and they stopped. There were
two fifty-five gallon barrels sitting on the floor with hooks and bails on them.
The team leader grabbed Tommy's face and forced him to look at the barrels. "See
what's going to hang from your tender little balls!?" she continued "Just so
you'll know ... they weigh four hundred pounds apiece when they're full...
That's EIGHT-HUNDRED POUNDS"! She laughed a throaty cruel laugh. "Bye bye little
balls!"

Tommy's face was fixed in horror. "Why had he agreed to this? Surely he could
reason with the goddess...!!" But it was too late. The caretaker team slid him
into a frame and hooked the harness that surrounded his balls to the barrels.
The barrels were balanced so that their weight wasn't bearing on Tommy. Only the
urine from the women would pull on Tommy's balls.

Tommy's face was directly under the hole of an old fashioned out house type
commode. His upper body extended under one more. But he knew there were more
holes. He could look in a mirror above his head and see troughs running down
into the barrels from at least twelve holes. There was also a little television
monitor. It showed his balls and the harness that was holding them.

The leader of the team peaked down the commode hole at him and said. " I hope
you enjoy this. I will." she laughed another cruel laugh. Then she jammed a
device into his mouth that would hold his mouth open and buckled it behind his
head. Then she strapped the harness to a buckle under the rim of the commode so
that his face was positioned well for the women's piss streams.
 
Then the team leader sat on the commode over his Tommy's face and directed her
full piss stream into his mouth. Her urine was strong and tasted bad. Tommy
gagged on the foul tasting stuff and tried his best to spit it out. The team
leader reached down and smacked his aching balls one last time and went out.

After that the party started and there was an astonishing array of female
genitals thrust into Tommy's face. Their urine ranged from the sweet to the
truly foul. He noticed Jennifer's face at least twice during the evening so that
he was able to associate her urine with her. Jennifer's piss was strong but not
bitter. It was plentiful and all of it went into the barrels.

At first Tommy heard piss splattering against the bottom of the empty barrels.
Then it quickly began to sound like a splash. Tommy could tell that it had been
about an hour since the party started but his balls weren't hurting too bad.  He
thought "maybe I'll be okay with this" Then dinner was over and the beer was
brought out. The women began to drink and then to urinate in full force.

All of the holes in the structure were filled with women's genitals. Urine was
streaming in massive quantities. As soon as one woman would get up from pissing
in his face another would sit down and let her stream flow directly into his
mouth and nose. Tommy was continually struggling to keep from drowning.

The pain in his balls was building now. He could see on the screen that his
scrotum was getting translucent. He noticed that a spike was slowly drifting
into the edge of the picture and his balls were getting dangerously close to it.
Jennifer peeked down through the hole and said "It won't be long now Tommy!.. "
she smiled and sat down and let another stream fly into his mouth.
 

One of the care takers started the barrels.. now half full of urine swinging.
With every stroke back and forth Tommy's balls stretched a little closer to the
twin spikes relentlessly approaching his balls.

The Goddess looked down through the hole. She could see that he was still
concious "I guess you'll get your wish to seem my ass naked and up close.
Finally Tommy's balls touched the points of the spikes and his scrotum popped
like a cheap balloon. Then Tommy's testicles were on there own against the
stretching and the spikes. The balls first showed some resistance to being
punctured. They dented on the points of the spikes. Then first the left then the
right burst with an audible "pop!!"

Tommy's scream was muffled into a gurgle by a large black woman emptying her
huge bladder at that exact moment. Tommy's balls ejected their contents in a
creamy red stream. Shortly after they were pulled out of Tommy's abdomen by
their roots with the inexorable weight being placed on them. The barrels hit the
floor with a resounding Thud!.. Tommy finally able to breathe after the stream
finally dribble to a stop screamed until he couldn't scream any more.

The women were playing the bursting sequence over and over again on the big
screen in the banquet hall. Every time Tommy's balls squirted their contents the
women chanted his name TOMMY...T.O.M.M.Y!...

Tommy awoke the next day in a sort of infirmary. Jennifer was there. She saw
that he was awake and made him get up and walk. "You have to go to work tomorrow
Tommy" She wasn't a bit concerned about the trauma he had suffered. When he
complained she slapped his cock in a meaningful way. "You should be thankful
they didn't tear out your cock. the Goddess did express some regret that she
didn't order it for last night."

One of the other women asked Jennifer what she was going to do with her nutless
stud... she replied. "With the right drugs you can make him almost priapic"....
He'll make me some money!. The other woman just looked puzzled..




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tom Snel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





