BDSM Library - The Voice




The Voice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A guy finds himself bound by an unknown captor, and forced through various actions in order to win his freedom.
The world was dark.  Will rattled his bonds.  His wrists were bound behind his
back with a spreader bar which left his hands too far apart to merit any chance
of undoing the cuffs on the bar himself.  Will felt for his ankles, which were
similarly bound with a spreader bar, but with added padlocks to prevent anyone
removing the cuffs without the key.  He was blindfolded, and his mouth was held
open by some form of circular ring that lay between his gums and his lips.  It
was flexible enough that with a great deal of effort he could close his mouth to
swallow, but it held his mouth open most of the time.  Will did not know what to
but wait for something to happen in the silence.

For what seemed like a long while, nothing happened.  Will worried that nothing
was going to happen, and he would be left there, tied-up and alone forever. 
Then he heard a voice.

"Hello Will.  You're going to be my slave for the time being.  If you want to
stand any chance of getting free, you will obey me.  Nod if you understand." The
voice was coming from a loudspeaker a few metres away from Will.  The voice was
androgynous; Will could not discern whether it was male, female, or a
computer-generated version of either of those.  He nodded, and the voice
continued: "Welcome to my house then Will.  I trust you will enjoy your stay --
I know I will.  At the moment you are in the bedroom.  You will be released if
you can make it to the back door of the house.

"Now for your first task.  Find the butt plug that is on the table beside the
bed, and the lube next to it.  Then insert it for me.  Face away from the sound
of my voice while you do it."  Will realised that there must be a camera with
the speaker, so that his captor could watch him and see what he was doing.  He
shuffled round on the bed and felt for a table behind him.  He hit his hand
against it and cursed.  He felt for the butt plug and lube and gathered them in
his right hand before putting the plug on the bed so that he could pick it up
with his left hand.  He awkwardly rolled himself on to his front before tucking
up his legs underneath him, lifting his bottom into the air.

He slid his arms to his left, to get his right hand next to his ass.  His
shoulder bent at a slightly painful angle in order to do so.  He painstakingly
unscrewed the top of the tube of lubricant, and squirted an excessive amount
into his asscrack.  He shivered as he felt it run downwards towards his scrotum,
and he used his fingers to circle it around his asshole.  Unable to reach the
plug in the other hand, he instead wiped the excess on his leg.

Will fidgeted around until he could hold the plug against his ass with his left
hand while not hurting his right shoulder.  He smiled as he felt the familiar
press of the point of the plug against his closed ass.  He slowly slid the plug
into himself.  As he did so, he noticed that it had a particularly large and
heavy base.  The plug slid home, and Will grunted.  He sat and waited for a few
minutes, adjusting to the medium-sized plug.  The voice said nothing for a
while, and then spoke again.

"Guess what Will, that plug -- it's got remote control vibrations."  Will jumped
as the plug started vibrating on cue.  It then switched on and off rapidly and
randomly as if someone was playing with the switch.  "I think I'll play with
this a bit more later," the voice announced.  "For now, we should get you on the
move.  Face the sound of my voice, and then go towards the wall on your right. 
You should find two soft pads to kneel on."

Will rolled onto his back and pushed himself up into a crab-like position.  He
slowly shuffled his legs forward until he felt them slip off the edge of the
bed, and then walked forward in a leg-swinging manner that would surely amuse
anyone watching him.  He felt the pads on the soles of his feet, and then slowly
lowered himself down to kneel on them, though he landed with a thump as he
discovered that kneeling with his legs spread and arms bound was very hard. 
There was a pause before the voice spoke again, during which time Will
contemplated the gender of his captor.  Will wished that it was a woman, but he
also knew at the back of his mind that the things being sent sounded like what
he imagined a male master would say.  Maybe it was both, he mused; two captors.

"There is a camera trained on your cock," the voice announced.  Will tried to
imagine what it must look like, his semi-erect dick getting harder in front of
the camera as he imagine his voyeuristic captor watching.  It was made all the
more erotic by the knowledge that he couldn't actually reach to touch himself. 
He jumped slightly as the vibrations were turned on in the butt plug, and then
off again, then on and off more slowly.

"Well done," the voice declared, "you've made it to the next room.  Proceed out
of the door to your left, and straight down the hallway into the bathroom.  Will
did as he was told, doing his strange arcing walk straight out of the bedroom,
slowly towards the bathroom.  As he pushed open the door with his feet, he felt
a blast of cold air from what must have been an open window.  He could still
hear the voice clearly however, from a new speaker.

"Remove the butt plug and place it carefully by the door where you can get it
again afterwards," the voice instructed him.  Will bent over and gingerly
removed the plug, before setting it down immediately next to the door where he
hoped he would be able to find it again.

"There are four buttons around the edge of the bath.  You must use your hands
and feet to press them all simultaneously for five minutes before you are
allowed to continue."  Will backed towards where he thought the bath was, and
found it.  As the voice said, there were buttons on the edge of the bath.  Will
sat down next to one, and put his arms so that the spreader straddled the bath. 
Then he swung his legs up on to the bath so that his legs similarly spanned the
bath, and slowly maneuvered himself until he was pressing down on all four
buttons.  The whole process was easier than he had expected.

Will managed to suspend himself over the bath for what seemed like a good long
time, but his arms were slowly sagging.  His elbows gave in, and his body
dropped downwards.  He shrieked through his open-mouth gag as his buttocks
splashed against the freezing water.  He pushed himself back up again, but it
became a battle of the weariness in his arms verses the horrible awful cold of
the water that was below him.  There was splash after splash as his arms
surrendered, but each time the freezing temperature of the water forced him to
push himself up again.  By the time the voice announced that the five minutes
was up, he felt incredibly tired.  He slid off the bath, and landed on the floor
with a bump.

Will did as the voice then commanded him and re-inserted the plug before leaving
the bathroom and heading down the stairs to the living room.  He put his legs
forward onto a lower step, sat on the next step up, then put his hands on the
step behind.  By moving one part of his body at a time, he was able to fairly
easily traverse down the stairs.  The plug suddenly went on and off a few times,
causing Will to curse inwardly as it put him off concentrating on his blind
descent.

Inevitably the voice also came from a speaker in the living room.  It instructed
Will to sit on the sofa, which he did.  The plug turned itself onto full
vibrations as the voice spoke again: "I think it's time for a story Will.  The
weirdest job I ever had began..."

Will listened to the long story, all the time squirming to try and get maximum
pleasure from the vibrations in his ass, hoping in vain that it would be enough
to bring him off.

Will noticed that the reading of the long story confirmed that the voice was
computer-generated.  Its pacing was monotonous and occasionally its
pronunciation was odd.  Which meant he still had no clue as to who his captor
was.  When the story finally finished, Will's cock was rock hard and felt like
it would never go small again.  The voice commanded him on to the floor and over
to between two armchairs, which Will discovered had strap-ons attached to them,
facing each other like two prongs ready to go into some sweetcorn.

"Take one of those dildos in your ass, and the other in your mouth," the voice
instructed Will.  He maneuvered himself around until his ass was approaching
where he thought the end of the dildo was, his face down against the rough
carpet below where the other one must be.  He pulled the plug out of his ass,
and it came with a squelching sound.  As Will had suspected it would, his ass
was actually gaping open, rather than closing all the way.  He stopped exploring
his ass with his fingers, and instead felt for the dildo behind him.  He grasped
hold of it, and slowly fed it into his ass.  It went without too much problem. 
His cock twitched as the dildo filled his ass, providing a most satisfying and
pleasurable sensation.

Will strained to lift his torso up by only using his knees and back, his hands
powerless to help.  Thankfully the dildo was not too far off the ground.  Will
moved his mouth over the head of the dildo, and relaxed, sliding forwards as he
let the dildo go deep into his mouth.  It hit the back of his throat, causing
him to gag.  As he gagged, his ass muscles involuntarily contracted around the
dildo in his ass, which in turn caused his cock to twitch.  Will didn't know
whether to feel stupid, or laugh, or both.

He stayed there, almost motionless, with one dildo in his ass and the other in
his mouth, which was held open around by his gag.  However, after a few minutes
the voice commanded him to "suck properly".  He obliged, and began sliding his
mouth up and down the dildo, licking it as he went.  This caused him to also
slide up and down slightly on the dildo in his ass, which was surely what his
captor wanted to see; him sliding backwards and forwards between the two dildos. 
Will could feel his saliva dribbling off his bottom lip onto the dildo and
probably hanging down below that.

Will kept sucking and licking, nearly deepthroating the dildo.  Suddenly he felt
his mouth filling with liquid.  Will half-gagged and then struggling to swallow,
impeded by both his gag and the dildo that filled most of his mouth.  He managed
to swallow most of the bland, slightly salty liquid but he could feel the
remainder running out of the sides of his mouth, around the dildo.

"Stop sucking now, and separate yourself from the dildos," the mechanical voice
said impassively.  Will did as he was told.  He could still feel the semen-like
liquid running down his face, and when he was free of the dildo in his ass, he
wiped his face on his knee.  "Proceed down the hallway to the back door," the
voice told him.  Will did so, and then felt on the doormat for a key.  He found
it and used it to unlock his legs, which then allowed him to put the spreader
bar for his arms beyond his legs and thus bring it in front of him.  Holding his
left hand far over to the left in the air, he was able to use his right hand to
remove his gag and blindfold.

Will frowned and kept his eyes like slits as the light flooded into his eyes for
the first time in hours.  Slowly they adjusted and he was able to see.  He used
his teeth to take off the spreader bar from his right hand, and then freed his
left.  He got up and walked slowly to the computer in the living room, his legs
still sore from the spreader.

Will stopped all the cameras recording and began flicking back through the
various scenes.  It was all there; him inserting the plug for the camera, then a
long shot of his cock as the vibrations on the plug were played with.  A shot
from between the taps in the bath of himself sat crab-like on the bath,
blindfolded and gagged, continually slipping into the water.  Another long shot,
this time of him on the sofa as he was read the story.  Finally, the various
camera angles of him between the chairs, as the dildo went into his ass, and
then he was forced to suck on the other one, and best of all the part where the
bulb was pressed by the computer-attached device to send the fake semen shooting
into his mouth, and watching it roll down his face.

Who said you need two to tango, Will thought to himself and smiled as he reached
downwards to finally begin to stroke his cock.

If you like this story (or any of my stories) and want me to write more, send me
an e-mail: somewriter2000 at yahoo.co.uk




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





