BDSM Library - A Modern Day White Slaver




A Modern Day White Slaver
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In 2000, the US congress passed the "White Slave act of 2000".  This is the story of one slaver in this brave new world of enslavement.
In early 2000, a study showing that there were some where around 100,000
"slaves" in the US at this time was released. About half of these were in the
sex trades, and another quarter were domestic servants. It was estimated that
the modern slave trade was a 7 billion dollar a year industry, all of it
untaxed, of course. This is, as it happens, all real. In the real world the US
Congress passed "Victims of Trafficking and Violence Prevention Act of 2000" as
part of a the process of dealing with this issue.

This is where my alternate universe and reality change course. In my universe,
they instead passed the "White Slavery Act of 2000", legalizing and most
importantly, allowing for the taxation of this trade. The basic provisions were
that a White Slaver must have a federal warrant (also called a slaver's license)
to perform his trade. This had a start up cost of $5,000 and a yearly renewal
fee of $1,000 and could only be issued after the person had passed a back ground
check, mainly to remove drug dealers. Women could be enslaved via 3 routes

1) Volunteering for enslavement. This required a sworn statement and a drug test
from the woman. The slaver would be required to pay a $200.00 federal slave tax
on this transaction.

2) Commitment by Relative or Person of Interest. In this case, a parent,
husband, or "person of interest, who is personally involved with the subject"
could sell the woman to a slaver. A federal court case had held that a person of
interest was some one that had performed vaginal sex with the subject at least 3
times in the last 30 days. This was widely referred to as the "boy friend
enslavement case". This lead to more and more young women doing either oral or
anal sex with their boyfriends, as a way to avoid the possibility of the
"breaking up via a slaver" action from happening. Even with more and more girls
sucking and taking it up the ass, it was estimated that roughly 7% of all
relationships that failed, with women in the 18-23 age bracket ended with her
enslavement. Strip clubs started to offer "enslave your bitch and get free
drinks and dances" specials. Even though it was called "boyfriend enslavement"
there were many cases of lesbian relationships ending in enslavement, in
particular in several North East states and California, where the local laws
defined sexual acts some what differently. In those cases, any vaginal
penetration, to include with a "strap on" counted as sex for reasons of this
act. Exceptions were made in the cases where a monetary transaction were
involved, meaning that prostitutes 'Johns' and porn stars couldn't claim their
partners in this context. The slaver was required to pay a federal tax of %25 of
the sale value of the slave or $150.00, which ever was more.

3) By action of a magistrate. The act allowed that "the several states and
lesser jurisdictions" may alter their penal and civil code to allow a judge to
enslave a women as punishment for "selected crimes". In this case they newly
enslaved women was to be sold at public auction, with only those person with a
federal warrant being allowed to bid. 50% of the sale price was to be passed on
the Federal treasury in this case, the other 50% going to the jurisdiction that
did the enslaving. This lead to most states and several cities enacting laws
that allowed for enslavement on charges as minor as some speeding tickets.

Once a woman was enslaved and the proper fees were paid, she became a "person of
limited rights" and could be resold to any one, with a 15% tax on the sales
price. However the new owners could not re-sell her, except to a licensed
slaver. Basically, any slave transaction required that either the buyer or the
seller be a licensed slaver. The term "person of limited rights" was, at best, a
misnomer. About the only right left to an enslave woman was that her children
were born free. All other rights, be they financial and property rights, civil
rights or basic human right had been removed. This means that an owner could, if
he or she wanted, torture or kill a slave, with nothing other than his or her
code of ethics to stop them. This, of course, meant that a great number of
slaves were tortured or killed. A fairly large "Pay Per View" industry arose for
torture and snuff shows, and Hollywood, as a whole, embraced the enslavement of
actresses. Within a year of passage of the act, over 40% of all screen and TV
actresses were enslaved, and by 2004 the number had risen to nearly 70%, with it
reaching almost 90% of those under the age of 35.


There were, of course, women and girls that were exempted from becoming slaves.

   1. Pregnant women and mothers of minor children were not allowed to be
enslaved.
   2. Girls under the local age of consent could not be enslaved. Once enslaved,
they, of course, could be transported to a state where they were under the age
of consent and stay a slave.
   3. Men that had a reported history of abuse could not enslave their victims.
This had the more or less expected side effect of tripling the number of
reported cases of domestic abuse.
   4. Sellers could also be required to pass a drug screen, but that was
optional and was to be established by the states. Some states, those with strong
"war on drugs" laws made it a requirement, others made it a "random" test.

One "positive" aspect of not having most laws apply to the "persons of limited
rights" was that neither federal or state drug laws applied to them any more.
This one aspect alone accounted for roughly 50% of the voluntary enslavement in
the year 2003. Voluntary enslavement accounted for about 20% of the enslaved
women. Sales by family accounted for another 40%, and "boyfriend enslavement"
accounted for 30%, with the remaining 10% being by judicial action. This was the
nation wide averages for the year 2003, however in some states judicial action
would, at times, account for over 50% of the enslave women. Gulf Coast states
during "spring break" being the most obvious and famous, but ski areas during
winter breaks also had high rates of judicial enslavement. Tapes of young coeds
being arrested on various "public drunkenness" or "creating an public
disturbance" charges, then taken to special courts where they were enslaved and
sold off became some of the best sellers for the various "Girls Gone Wild"
companies.
A lawsuit brought against one of the tape companies that alleged that they had
set up the girls to be arrested was rejected on the grounds that while that tape
company did in fact own the bar in question, had "all you can drink" specials
for young women and had called the police to the bar, it was ruled that the
young women in question had entered into the bar of their own free will, and
that there were warning signs that this was a "public drunk enslavement
community" within sight of the bar entrance and with these things taken into
account their family had no grounds to sue. In the discovery portion of this
lawsuit it was found that not only was the bar that sold the girls the drinks
that lead to their being enslaved, the bar that bought them at the public
auction were all owned by the same media company. The establishment that bought
the slaves used them as wait staff, cage dancers, and sexual favors for
customers (in so called "fellatio kiosks").

In addition to the "bar of enslavement" trick, which only really worked in the
towns in the party area, many smaller towns "on the route" adopted "zero
tolerance" speed zones.  A popular "trick" speed limit for these towns would be
2-3 MPH under the "normal" highway speed limit.  The ticketing officer, of
course had full control over who got a "warning" and who had to go down town to
see "the judge".  Oddly, fat guys in Semi rigs tended to get warnings.  A young
female driver on the other hand, could pretty much count on seeing the judge. 

The "boyfriend enslavement" clause of the act, of course, also got a rather high
rate of use during spring and winter breaks, with it being rather common for a
mixed group to head to a party area, run out of cash, and sell one or more of
the girls in the group to pay for the rest of the party.  This got to be so
common in some schools, that "girlfriends" were know as "spring break bank
accounts".  The requirement of having had vaginal sex with the intended slave at
least 3 times in the last 30 days lead to two things, massive black market sales
of various 'date rape' drugs, and most co-eds sucking cock pretty much on demand
as to avoid the possibility of being sold into slavery by her "boyfriend".  Of
course, because all it took was a sworn statement from the seller and a medical
exam proving that the intended slave was not a virgin in this case, there can be
no doubt that many "break banks" were sold by persons that may or may not have
have meet the full legal requirement..

Shortly after this "White Slavery Act of 2000" had passed, of course, the "Mad
Cow" scares started. Congress passed the "Alternate Meat Source Inspection Act
of 2001". In it, they directed that the FDA was to draw up the requirements to
inspect and grade "Non traditional meat animals". The act explicitly allowed
"person of limited rights" as a "Non traditional meat animal". With the passage
of this act, many custom butcher shops obtained federal slaver warrants, so that
they could directly buy "meat slaves" and many other established working
relationships with white slavers in their towns or cities to buy unwanted
slaves, or to act as "disposal" plants for slaves that had been killed for one
reason or an other.  Meat slavery became common enough that a special "meat tax"
of $400 was applied to women sold expressly to become meat.  It was found, that
despite the attempts of several companies, it's not possible to do either a
"cunt to mouth" or "ass to mouth" impalement and have the victim live more than
a few minutes, never mind the infamous "20 minutes over the coals" things of
Internet cartoon fame.  This fact didn't make doing spit roasts any less popular
however.




Ring! "Spellbook Slaves, how can I help you?"

"My name is Rita Fairfield, with Jones, Schultz and Fairfield Accounting, and I
need you to enslave my assistant."

"I'm sorry, I don't do corporate asset work"

"Oh, I don't want her as a corporate asset, I want her as my own personal
slave."

"I see. Is she willing to volunteer to be enslaved?"

"No, that's why I need you to enslave her."

"I'm sorry, I have rather strict limits, by law, as to who I can enslave. I
can't just walk up to a woman and decide she would make a nice slave and enslave
her"

"But I want her enslaved! What does it take?"

"Well, she can volunteer, or if she is under 21 her parents can have her
enslaved. If she's married, her husband can enslave her. Then there is Person of
Personal Contact, which means if a person, male only in this state, has had
consensual vaginal sex with her at least three times in the last 30 days. There
are several state and local law violations that will also result in her being
enslaved, but I don't think that will help you."

"So, your saying I can't have her as my slave."

"No, I'm saying that you can't enslave her. If she is enslaved by one of the
legal methods, you can buy her and have her as a slave, not the same thing."

"Oh. I see. Thank you for your time".

Well, that was odd, however no odder than a lot of calls I get. Despite being in
place for 5 years now, a great number of people don't understand the White Slave
Act. Seems that lots of people think I can enslave any woman I want to, which
isn't the case. Eh, whatever,

Ring! "Spellbook Slaves, can I help you?"

"Yes, this is Rita Fairfield again. I've got a question about the "Persons of
Personal Contact" thing you mentioned. Does it have to be an exclusive
relationship?"

"No, just have to have had 3 provable incidence of consensual, heterosexual,
vaginal sex in the last 30 days, with out any exchange of items of value, at
least in this state. For what it's worth, the lower limit on items of value is
two dollars, and services such as transportation, hairdressing and makeovers are
excluded.

"I see. What are your business hours?"

"We are open around the clock, however there is a $200 surcharge on all
transaction not in normal business hours, which means 9 to 6 week days and
Saturday, and 1 to 6 on Sunday."

"Well, thank you for your time".



As I'm setting at my desk, the phone rings. I check the caller ID. It's the CPA
firm where Rita works. It's been three days from her last call. "Spellbook
Slaves, can I help you?"

"This is Rita Fairfield, and I would like to know if it's possible to have a
'suprise' enslavement?"

"Rita, like I told you before, I can only enslave a woman under some fairly
tightly controlled cirmainstances."

"Oh, I understand that. But if the circumstances are met, can you enslave
someone, totally against her will?"

"Assuming they are met, yes, of course. Otherwise, all I would have would be
volunteers."

"Great. I've just found out that my boyfriend has been doing her on the side,
and I've got the time stamped videos to prove it."

"Well, assuming he wants her enslaved, not a problem then. There is a fee if I
have to go to the client site to do the collecting, normally. And, if possible,
I would like the paperwork to be done here in the office first."

"We can do that."

A few hours later, there is a ring at the front counter. I hear Ingrid talking,
then she sticks her head in the door "There is a Ms. Fairfield and a Mr. Freeman
to see you." I put away the Miss Oklahoma notes, and tell her to bring them in.

Rita, it seems is, well, stunning. Really nice package. Would sell for 3, 3 and
half grand in any sex slave market in the country.

"Mr. West, we have the proof and papers your require", Rita starts off with, as
soon as she had sat down. Mr. Freeman stood behind her.

I interupted her, "Rita, I'm sorry, but in this case there is no 'we'. I need to
speak with the principle here, and that would be Mr. Freeman." She pulls her
head back, and starts to say something, then stops. "Of course you do. Thomas,
want to tell him?". She hands him the folder she was holding.

He takes out the form (State Slave Board standard form 2A, I note) and hands it
to me. "Yeah, ah, like I want to have a Person of Personal Contact. Lilly
Schultz, enslaved at the earliest date possible. I've like done her lots of
times." The form, was not hand filled, but had all the blocks filled in via
computer and was laser printed. Even the date block was printed, the only
handwriting was his signature, and the signature of the notary, who I noted was
Nelson B. Smithfield, Ingrid's former boss. "That's nice. Got some sort of proof
of that?"

Thomas looked sort of blank. Rita looked, well, pissed. "Tom, didn't you make a
porn disk?"

I could see the light turn on. He looked down in the folder and saw the DVD. It
was obvious, at least to me, that he really wasn't the one in charge here. "Oh,
yeah, it's all on here", he said as he handed me the DVD. I sighed and put it in
the DVD drive on my computer. The amount of bad amateur porn I have to watch in
the job is amazing. The DVD starts playing, and it's of suprising quality. It
shows an attractive blond sitting at a desk. Rita walks into frame and hands her
a stack of papers "Ms. Schultz, please have this set copied, and have a copy
sent to me, Mr. Jones and your father please." I hit pause. "You want to enslave
your partners daughter?" Rita replies, "Thomas isn't a partner, so, technically,
the answer is no, but if what you mean is Lilly Schultz the daughter of the
firm's senior partner, the answer is yes. Thomas has his reasons." Thomas goes
"Yeah, I've got my reasons..." I start playing the DVD again, with a muttered
"Whatever". There is a nicely done dissolve, and we see Lilly still at her desk.
Thomas comes into frame. He glances at the camera, then walks up to Lilly, bends
her back and kisses her. After 15 or so seconds, they break lock and he sort of
stammers, "Lilly, I need it, need it bad...." She goes "here?" "Yeah, right
here, No one will know... They have all left for the day, and the bitch wouldn't
put out when I saw her today." Lilly giggles and goes "I thought Rita's hair
didn't looked messed up after lunch, like it normally does...." I glance over at
Rita. Butter wouldn't melt in her mouth. Lilly reaches for his fly and unzips
him. She takes his cock into her mouth and starts blowing him. After 3 or 4
minutes, he starts to "I'm going to cum...." He stops her, then picks her up and
sets her down on the desk with her legs spread. She's not wearing panties I
note. Thomas enters her in one long thrust, then pumps in and out of her about 5
or 6 times. He then stops, pulls out, then pushes her head down towards his
cock. He starts to cum even before her head is all the way down, but the last 2
or 3 blasts hit her on the face. She goes "If your going to cum on my face any
way, why the fucking?" His reply of "Got to fuck you, that's all" is sort of,
well obvious if you know what he's really doing. Lilly doesn't have a clue it
seems. After this there is another dissolve and we see Lilly wearing a diffrent
set of cloths and the camera dates stamp is the next day. We have another scene
much like the first, which is basically a blowjob with token fucking, ending in
a facial. A dissolve and yet another scene. I stop the DVD, "Well it seems you
are in fact a person of personal contact for Ms. Schultz, so if we can just get
a urine sample so I can insure you meet the "drug free" aspect we can finish up
here. I hand him a cup and point him towards the bathroom. While he is in there
I run his SSN and find that he doesn't have any abuse complaints filed against
him, much less by Lilly Schultz, so we are good to go. He comes back, and I run
the test. He is clean, at least as far the field test go, which is all I have to
deal with. "Well, we seem to be all good here. Based on the video you have shown
me, I can offer $750 for her, which after the $75 pickup fee is applied, and the
slave tax, you would have a take home of around 424. You understand that if she
is pregnant, I can't enslave her and I can't pay you until I give her a test. Is
that acceptable?" Rita replied, "Of course it is. Please be at my office at 8:00
in the morning." She handed me a card, then stood up and started out the door.
"Come on Thomas, we have things to do." Thomas lend over and quietly said to me
"I'll be back in a bit OK?". I nodded and he left with Rita.



About an hour after Rita and her boy-toy Thomas had left, Ingrid pages me,
saying that Mr. Freeman is here, and would like to speak with me.

I tell her to show him in. Shortly there after he walks in.

Ever had one of those experiences where the 2nd time you meet someone, they are
a whole different person? I had one with Mr. Thomas Freeman. Even the way he
walked seemed different, more poised and confidante, or something. He sat down
in the chair and casually leaned back in it. "Let me cut to the chase here, how
much could I get for Rita?". As he said that, he tossed a packet onto my desk. I
opened it and found a boilerplate version of form 2A, with the variable parts
filled in, neatly, in ink, with his signature and, oddly, Nelson B. Smithfield
stamp and signature in the notary field. I really need to find out what his deal
is. There was also a CD-R in the folder. I picked it up and put it in the drive.
"Sorry, it's not a real DVD, but then again, I don't have quite a much money to
toss at this project as The Bitch does.". There were several dozen folders,
named as a time date stamp. In each one I find a set of 5 minute long AVI files.
"It's from a security DVR. She never noticed the camera in the room. There is no
sound, is that going to be a problem?"

I picked one at random, with in the last 30 days and started playing the AVI
file. It was Rita, on top of Thomas, in a reverse cow girl. I noted the date
stamp and picked another file. Other than the fact that her bra was different
color, it could have been a clone of the first one. Well, that and the date
stamp. I picked a third, and same thing. Rita on top, in a reverse cow girl,
this time nude. "Notice a trend? That's her favorite position. Make that her
only position. She hot, I'll give you that, but she's not all that good of a
fuck. I heard her call me her flesh dildo once with her chick group at lunch.
When she came to me with this crazed idea to enslave Lilly so that Lilly
wouldn't replace her as the 3rd partner, I went to my uncle and told him about
it." I interrupted him, "Wait, you uncle is?" "Thomas Jones. The founder of the
firm. I'm named after him, and unless something odd happens in the next 20 years
or so, his heir." I looked at him when he said that, with that "Mr Spock"
eyebrow effect. "Uncle Thomas is, well, part of the 20%." That made it clear,
yeah, odds were that the favorite nephew would in fact be the heir of a gay
business man. Rather common. In fact in some states, that was the probate law.
Not Oklahoma, as it happens, but still nothing to raise any flags.

"So, Mr Freeman, what do you want me to do here? I can tell you that Rita will
go for a lot more than Lilly, like I'll offer you $1500 take home for her, and
I'll waive the fee's." "So, she worth 3 grand or so on the open market?" "A
redhead like that, oh yeah. easy. Maybe more if there are any Japanese or
Malaysians bidding. Pale white redheads go for a major amount up with them. At
least now. A couple of years ago, the rage was tanned blonds. Fashions change,
even in sex slaves, and they change faster in Japan it seems. So, what is it
going to be?"

"Well, show up at the office, enslave Lilly, then enslave Rita. With both of
them out of the way, I'll get my partnership easy." I looked surprised at this,
"Ah, not to tell you how to do your business or any thing, but do you really
think your going to make partner after enslaving the one of the senior partner's
daughters?" Thomas made a snorting noise, and went on "Oh, yeah, that's not
going to be a problem. Lilly is from his first marriage. If he had custody of
her, he would have had her enslaved years ago. Well, up till year before last,
when she turned 21. His current wife doesn't like her. Reminds her of his first.
Rita hired her, to piss him off I think. He's going to be happy that Rita is
gone, I can tell you that, because, as near as I can tell, when Rita was an
associate, she blew him every day. The day she made partner, she stopped and as
much as told him the only reason she was blowing him was to make partner. There
is still a rumor going around that she some how cause Frederick's heart attack."

Damn, I though I had dealt with odd office politics before. "Wait, who is
Frederick?" Thomas went on to explain "Frederick Blackstone, one of the original
partners. There is a corporate by law that says only 3 partners. On the death,
retirement or removal of a partner, the two surviving partners choose a new one
from the associates. After Dooley vs Texas, it was ruled that an enslaved person
can not be a licensed CPA, which is a requirement to be a partner. Any rate, she
was out of town, but still, the office gossip is she called him and said
something. Nothing ever proved, of course.".

"OK, think I have it all then." I re-ran his SSN, and he was still clean. "Still
need a pee sample." I said handing him the cup. He took it into the bathroom and
soon returned. The second test was clean, just like the first. "OK, see you in
the morning."

The next morning, I a woke to Ingrid blowing me. After I came in her mouth, she
pulled up. "You know you left Sonya and the new girl nailed to the bench and Jen
and her mom hanging by one arm." Ah, crap. I sat up, "OK, let Jen and her step
mom down. Put them in the dog boxes. Leave Sonya and Cindy where there are. Give
Sonya a level 7 zap every time you feel like it. You will feel like it at least
3 times this morning or the system will give you a level 8 at noon. I've got a
thing to do this morning, and I'll get them out when I get back". Ingrid looked
around and whispered "No TCC cameras in here right?" "No that I know of". She
sat up. "Wendy called last night after you went to sleep. Can you set the zap on
the after hours phone ring down a notch or two? It feels like level 6? "It's
level 4, and no, I'm not changing it" "What ever, any rate, she told me to tell
you that the 'rental deal' needed to be an unblemished slave. After you decided
to nail Cindy's tits to the bench she will not do. You need to have one by 4:00
or there is going to be some problems. She said the slave doesn't have to be
broke in, but needs to not be blemished." "Not a problem. Should have a pair in
a couple of hours. And you can stop panicking about the money side of my paper
work. I'm getting a pair of CPA slaves. I'll keep one of them as your helper.
Want a blond or a red head?"

Ingrid just looked at me. "Would the red head be named Rita by any chance? If
so, I don't want her. You don't torture the help like you do the stock. Normally
any way."
"Yeah, what ever you say." "You don't..." "Want me to change that?" "Oh, no, not
really, just saying...."

With that charming bit of domesticity done, I went off to the bath room where I
showered and got my self ready to get me a pair of slaves.

I arrived at the office a little before 8:00. I walked in and told the
receptionist I had an appointment with Ms. Fairfield at 8:00. She did some magic
with the switch board, "Ms. Fairfield? Your 8:00 is here. I'll show him back".
She took off her head set and said "If you would follow me?" I followed. I
arrived back in an office, that I had seen before, on the DVD. Lilly was sitting
at the desk looking over some files. "Lil, Mr. West is here to see your boss
lady." Lilly pushed a button on her desk "Mr West is here, Rita". From the desk
phone I heard Rita's voice "Send him in, but go get Mr. Freeman and the
Brownback files." Lilly gestured towards the door as she stood up and went to a
filing cabinet. I entered the room, and closed the door behind me. "How do you
want me to do this?" "What, not asking the principle of the case how to do it?"
"Cute. Really how do you want me to do this?" "How are you going to do it?" I
opened up my briefcase and showed her the stun gun, the ball gag and the 4 way
hand cuffs (AKA steel hogtie). "One zap to the neck, one gag, slap the cuffs on
her and she's ready for transport. I'll get the slave dolly out of the van to
remove her." "Oh, I like this. Stand back over there and hit her when she gives
me the files." "OK, Wilco..."

I waited for a few minutes, standing by the door. The door opened, and Lilly and
Thomas walked in. "Where is Mr. West and why did you need the Brownback files?
That account is long closed..." With that she handed Rita the files. I started
to move forward, with the stun gun out. Rita started "Mr. West is.."

ZAPPP

"standing right behind you...". Lilly was laying on the ground at that point. I
gagged her and rolled her over, slapping the 4by4 cuffs on her. As soon as I
could tell she was awake again I stated "Lilly Schultz, a person of personal
contact, one Thomas Freeman, has requested that you be enslaved, pursuant to the
White Slave Act of 2000. At this time you are provisionally enslaved, pending
the results of your pregnancy test.".
After I finished that, Rita came around from behind her desk and bent over her.
"Thought you were too good to lick my cunt were you? Well guess what, your going
to be doing..."

ZAPPP

Rita fell down, landing on top of Lilly. I slapped the 2nd gag on her and the
cuffs. As soon as I could tell Rita was awake I did my enslavement speech
again... "Rita Fairfield, a person of personal contact, one Thomas Freeman, has
requested that you be enslaved, pursuant to the White Slave Act of 2000. At this
time you are provisionally enslaved, pending the results of your pregnancy
test.".

I looked up at Thomas, who was calling someone on Rita's phone. "Mr. Jones, the
Brownback project is completed. Yes both sets of files. They will be removed
from the office ASAP".

I handed him both checks. "You understand that if either of them comes up
pregnant, I'll be forced to free them, and issue a stop payment on the check for
her." He nodded "Of course. I don't think that's going to be an issue. Unless
they are cheating on me, it's not even possible. I had a vasectomy last year. I
took the Fairbanks test. I'm part of the 5 percent that got both halves of the
mutation. Any egg I fertilize will be female, while I've got nothing against
females, as such, there isn't any sense in adding to the problem."

Thomas helped me load the two new slaves onto the slave cart, and load them into
my SUV. "I'll call as soon as the test are done".

Back at the office, I administered the pregnancy test to the two provisional
slaves. As Thomas had predicted, both failed. I gave his office a call. The
receptionist answered "Jones, Schultz and Freeman, may I help you?"

I grinned to my self and told her "My I speak with Mr. Freeman?" Thomas answered
the phone after a ring or two, and I started in "First, congratulation on making
partner, and second, you may cash both checks. May I ask you a question about
the skills of the two slaves?" He laughed and replied "Oh, there isn't any
question, Lilly is the better fuck...." I interrupted him, "No, that not what
I'm wondering about. My current office manager is a wiz at everything but the
money end of things. Which one of these two is the better accountant?" He
laughed again, "Well, really Lilly, when you get down to it.". I replied "Great,
that fits in with my plans quite nicely, thank you very much. Oh, yeah, if you
are thinking about your receptionist, don't bother. Right now, all you could get
from her would be around 300 take home." Again he laughed. "I wasn't thinking
about her, and I suspect I'll have a hard time fucking any body in the office
for a while."




I'm sitting in my home office, looking over the rules for the "Miss America"
channel contest I have gotten my self into. Looks like I'm going to have sell
roughly 8 to 12 beauty queen wannabes a week, at a profit, to win this contest.
There are worse things in life. I hear the "bing-bong" of the door of the public
area, and hear Ingrid's voice talking to another women. After a moment, Ingrid
sticks her head into my office. "Mr. West? There is a woman here, who, I think,
wants to sell you her step daughters."

Well, let's go see what a modern day wicked step mother looks like.

What one looks like is as late 20's blond, it seems. I assume the two nude and
gagged girls are the step daughters.

"Mr West, my name is Rhonda Johnson, I wish to sell these two into slavery."

"Well, Mrs. Johnson, there are some things we need to do first, but if they all
come out, I'll be glad to buy them from you. Ingrid, would you take these two
back to holding, and get the urine sample from them please? Run the standard
test, and bring me the results. Store the samples as normal. Mrs. Johnson, would
you follow me?"

With that, Ingrid lead the two girls off, and I head back to my office, with
Rhonda following me.

"OK, Mrs. Johnson.."

"Rhonda, please"

"OK, Rhonda, I need you to file this out, which is the standard enslavement
papers, and I need a copy of your step daughters birth certificate, a copy of a
current ID for each of them, plus copy of a current ID from you. "

She hands me over a packet, which has all the papers I listed "I looked it up on
the web site before I came here."

I get out a piss test cup and hand it to her. "I also need a sample from you, as
well." She takes the cup and goes into the bathroom off my office. While she is
in there Ingrid comes in with the papers from the tests. "They aren't pregnant,
but they are both higher than hell." As she said that, Rhonda came out of the
bathroom "I'm not surprised they tested positive, there drug use is why I am
selling them. They were warned." I take a look at the results and, yeah, with
THC levels that high, they are in fact stoned to the gills right now. "Well, the
law doesn't care about the new slave being high, just the seller." I take the
sample of piss she gave me and drop 4 drops onto the slave testing card, which
is a combo test that checks for drugs and pregnancy. After 30 seconds or so, all
the test show as negative. While the test was running, I had entered Rhonda's
SSN as well as the info on her two step-daughters into the State Slave Board's
web site, and got back a "OK for sale".

"Well, Rhonda, it looks that every thing is in order. Now let's talk price."

Rhonda looked at me and said "Exactly when do they become enslaved?"

"When I give you payment and the receipt"

"And it's unbreakable?"

"Pretty much."

"Well, then I demand no less that an dollar. Each"

"You just want a dollar for each of them?"

"That is correct"

Ok, why do I get the weird ones. "What ever you say." I enter the amount into
the web form, and print the receipt off. I open up the cash box and take out 2
dollars. "Here you go. It's been a pleasure doing business with you."

Rhonda takes the cash and papers, and puts them in her purse with out a word.
She stands up and unzips her dress, then steps out of it. She wasn't wearing any
underwear. "Oh, your not done doing business with me. I wish to volunteer to be
enslaved."

Well, didn't expect that. "Well, I need a notarized statement to that effect,
and I can't be the notary for that."

She picks up her purse and hands me a paper, it's the standard boilerplate
volunteer statement, properly signed and stamped. "I told you I went to the
Slave Board web site first".

I take out another SlaveTest and apply the 4 drops to it, because, well, I need
the paper trail for her enslavement. I hand her a "Right of First Refusal" form.
"This is to let you select up to three persons you want me to contact to see if
they want to buy you first. There is no guarantee that any of the persons you
select will end up as your new owner, however I will not sell you for 24 hours
to any one other than the persons you indicate."

She takes the paper from me and fills it in and hands it back to me. I look at
it, expecting to see her husbands name. Nope. "Lips Club", "Deep Kiss Traders"
and "Hill's Fine Meat".

"Are you sure about this? You want me to call a blow job club, and if they don't
want you, a slaver that specialize in selling oral sex slaves, and if he doesn't
want you, to a meat packing plant? You know they only buy live slaves if they
have a live spit roast order? Do you also know that most blow job slaves die
with in 90 days? Some one will want to do the 'noose suck' thing with you and
you will not make it."

"I know all that. At what point do I legally become a slave?"

"As soon as I enter you in the system" I click a few buttons on the State Slave
Board web form. "You are now a slave, for what it's worth".

She looks up at the clock on the wall. "Good, before 3:00PM"

"Why does that mater?"

"Well, if I understand the law correctly, I can't be held accountable for the
actions the free woman "Rhonda Johnson" now can I?"

"In general, yeah, unless the actions could in theory result in a death
sentence, pretty much what ever you did, you 'got away with', if you call being
enslaved for life getting away with something"

"Well, at 3:00 a fire bomb is going to go off at my former house. My ex-husband
is on a business trip, with his "Secretary". He's going to come back and find
his house, car, and boat in ashes. Plus the contents of all three of his safety
deposit boxes. And, of course, his daughters and wife are gone. I told him I
would ruin his life if he ever cheated on me. I think this should do it."

Like I said, some times I just got to say "What the Fuck?".



After the big event over at the country club, the three remaining ex-porn star
slaves were more than a little nervous. The fact that I made them watch Jen and
Angelica's daily torture shows probably didn't help there either. Of course
nervous slaves really wasn't my problem right now. My problem was that I
# Had to come up with a marketing plan to sell, at as high a profit as possible,
roughly 9 beauty queen runner ups a week for 22 weeks and
# Make space for the said beauty queens. Right now I have a rather full "stock"
of slaves, what with Jen, Angelica, Sue , the Johnson trio, Sonya, Belinda,
Tracie and the 3 ex-Bright Star slaves. Ingrid really didn't count in that, plus
I really couldn't sell her with out more paper work hassles than I wanted.

I could, in theory, move some of them into the "house slave" room, but that has
had problems in the past.
ring "Spellbook Slaves, this is Mike. Can I help you?"

"Yeah, Mike this is Fred with Deep Kiss Traders. You left me a message about
some vol-slave that wanted to be sold to me?"

"Yep, well you were her second choice, after 'The Lips Club'. Granted you beat
out Hill's, which was her number three choice. Lip's says they don't want any
new slaves right now and Hill's never got back to me, which doesn't surprise me.
They are getting out of the live slave business, unless they have a live roast
request. They are getting CSN's daily output, which seems to be a lot of late."

"Sorry about being late in calling back, but I could sure stand to buy her from
you, if you still have her."

"Yeah, and her two step daughters, plus 4 other slaves..."

"$9,000 for the lot"

"What?"

"My idiot brother-in-law had a special on noose-sucks at his club and, well,
let's just say they are going to be have a lot of girl buggers as the daily
special for a while, and I need a bunch of suck slaves real fast. You still got
Belinda and Tracie? I'll make it $12,000 if you toss in them as well."

Well, that would solve my over crowding issue. Too bad this didn't count toward
my profit and loss for the contest because, well, Belinda and Tracie are the
only ones I paid for. Looks like about $11,000 pre-tax profit. Beats a poke in
the eye with a sharp stick.

"Works for me. Send your truck over with the papers to transfer them."

"They will be there in a hour or so."

"Sound good."

After I hung up, I hit the intercom button "Ingrid, please get all the slaves,
other than Sonya, Jen, Angelica and your self, travel collared and in the sales
area". The squeal I heard from the outer office tells me that the "zap" command
I put on the intercom system to go off when I let go of the 'talk' button was
working. "Yes Mr. West ahhh!" Yeah, the zap on release was working.

After 10 minutes or so, I look up at the monitor and see Ingrid hooking up
travel collars to all the slaves, but I didn't see Belinda or Tracie. I typed a
command into the system and watched Ingrid grab her collar and drop to her
knees. A long pulse level 5 shock will do that. "I don't see Belinda or Tracie.
Get them please". She stood up, barely flinching from the "gentle" zap she got
from the intercom release and ran back into the house. A few minutes later she
arrived and started adding the two ex-house, now soon to be suck slaves to the
collar line. Shortly there after the slave truck from "Deep Kiss Traders"
arrived and I had a check for $12,000 and 9 fewer slaves. Not a bad days work.

ring "Spellbook Slaves, this is Mike."

"Mike, this is Wendy with TCC. I've been watching you on the monitor and we have
a problem. You need to have at least one house slave, because you are going to
have a rental in two days. Unless you thing Sonya is safe to go out again..."

"Crap. I didn't know that. Can you start giving me some notice on that sort of
thing?"

"Sorry, can't do that. It's part of the whole 'reality' thing..."

"Ah, crap. Well, looks like I need to go down to the county sale tomorrow, and
see what they have."

"Sorry, but we really do need this rental show, it's part of a tie in with
another show."

"Damn, OK, OK, should have called you before I sold Belinda and Tracie."

"No, you can't do that either. And we need to end this call fairly soon, because
we have the streaming video off line while this is going on. This call didn't
happen, if you understand."

"Yes Big Sister, I understand...."

"Bye Mike".

DING Damn. Now what? I started to page Ingrid, but remembered that she was
talking a shower, so I went to the door. I opened the door and there was a
slightly chunky blond girl standing there

"Mr West? My name is Cindy and I want to be a slave..."

Looks like I don't need to goto the county sale after all...




"Yes, John, I under stand. It's not me, it you. Yeah, I'll keep in touch."

Well, damn. I thought that one would last. I seem to have the worst luck with
boyfriends. That's three this year alone. It's not like I don't put out or any
any thing, I do. In fact John broke up with me not more than 3 hours after he
fucked me in the ass. I mean, yeah, after the White Slave thing was passed, I,
like most other girls my age, stopped letting my boyfriends fuck me in the pussy
more than twice a month, but I give head on the first date, and every one after
that, and my ass is almost that available.

Well, enough about that. Time to go hit the "Chunky Monkey". Good comfort food.
Let's see what's on the TV. There is crap on TV. Why am I not surprised. Ring
"Hello?" Great. It's the boss. Wants me to come in early.

"Yeah, I can come in early tomorrow. No problem. Bye, see you in the morning"

I hang up the phone and start punching through the TV channels, thinking "Great,
another long day on the help desk, just what I need right now." As I'm mussing,
I find my self on "The Torture Channel". Some girl, a slave I guess is being
flogged. I find my self unable to change the channel. After a few minutes, the
man flogging the girl stops and bends her over and fucks her. Fucks her hard and
fast. I find my self getting hot, and with out thinking I start fingering
myself. He soon finishes and walks away, and the end credits start to roll. It
seems this is some sort of 'reality' show called "Spellbook Slaves". I turn off
the TV and decide to call it a night.

The next morning I awaken 3 hours early, so I can get down to the office for the
early shift my boss wants me to work. This is not really all that fun. I think
about the girl I saw on the TV last night and wonder what she is doing now. When
I get to the office, I find out that the reason I needed to be in early is
because a remote site is going to call in with a question. Great. I could have
done this from home. Now I have 2 hours to kill before my real job starts. I
disable the firewall on my machine so I can surf the net with out "The Nanny"
watching me (hey, knowing how to do that is part of my job. Not my fault they
don't change the passwords). I finally find my self on the web site for "The
Torture Channel". There is a link for that show I saw last night. I follow it. I
can't believe this, I'm watching a web cam of a bunch of slaves, just sitting
around. In what seems like no time, I hear the normal office hours people coming
in. I realize I've spent over an hour watching slaves. I re-enable the fire wall
and start taking calls.

That night, I get home and turn on the TV. It's still on TCC. I see an ad, just
as I start to change the channel for the show I saw last night. It will be on in
two hours, at 8:00.

8:00 rolls around and I don't even think about it, I change the channel to TCC.
I watch the show, almost in spite of my self.

The next couple of days were much like this. Off to work, then back home where I
watch this slaver's show. I start to think of the cast as being friends how
haven't meet me yet.

Mr. West, the white slaver, seems to be a weird mix of things. You never know
what he's going to do.
Ingrid, the older lady. She seems like a she's a mix of office manager and mom.
Plus she's sexy as all get out, but a little sad some how.
Sonya. Well, she's just wild. Scary, but in a good way, sort of.
Tracie. She's happy and bubbly. She was the girl I first saw getting flogged and
fucked.
Belinda. She's just resigned. Does what she has to, but you can tell she's not
really happy about it. Except when Tracie goes down on her. She likes that.
Jen. Poor girl Being tortured so she will taste good as meat.

There are some others but they seem to come and go. Bought and sold it seems.

It seems my whole life revolves around this damn show. I find out that it's
being filmed here in Eastlake. I look up the address of Spellbook Slaves.
Northside. I change my route to work, so I drive by the house that acts as their
home and office. When I found out what day Jen was going to be done, I bought a
ticket to the barbecue. I felt I had to be there for her. I was so glad they
didn't do her, but did those other girls instead. I even tried a small bit of
them, when they were served. Taste like pork. Must be why they sometime call it
"Long Pig".

A week after that, all the girls that worked the help desk were called in to a
meeting. The short version is that the company is cutting cost. All the help
desk postions were going to be filled with "Corprate Assets". They explained
that, in effect, to keep our jobs we would have to volunteer to be enslaved. We
would still get paid, at a lesser rate, (but untaxed) and that the company would
provide food, housing and medical care. This was on a Friday. We had until the
next Monday to make up our minds.

I went home more or less in a state of shock. What the hell? I turned on the TV,
of course going to see "my" show. That's when it hit me, I'm going to be a slave
next week. But if I'm going to be a slave I don't want to be some sort of drone
for the oil industry, sharing a room with 3 other drones, I wanted to be a sex
slave. I wanted to be a slave with my friends that didn't know me. I spent that
weekend closing down my bank accounts, my credit cards, ending my lease, all
that, basically closing down my life. Monday I went into work, finished cleaning
out my desk, then told the HR staff that I would not be taking their offer and
left. After selling my car and all my belongings I had about $40,000. I donated
it to the Eastlake Red Cross, less $50.00. From the Red Cross office, I called a
cab and gave them the address of Spellbook Slaves. I gave the cabbie the fifty,
got out and walked up to the door. I rang the bell and waited. Mr. West opened
the door and asked if he could help me.

"Mr West? My name is Cindy and I want to be a slave"

Mr West stood in the door for a couple of seconds, then blinked. "Of course you
do. Come in and let's see what we can do about that."

He gestured a "come in" motion and stepped aside. I entered what you would call
his office's public area. He closed the door behind me, then lead me back into
the private parts of the business. "Do you have a notarized statement of intent
to be enslaved?" he asked. I was so glad I had been watching his show. "Yes,
here it is." I said as I pulled it from my purse. He looked it over and then
typed some data off of it into his computer. After a few seconds, he made sort
of a grunt and said "Well, it seems you are of age and not currently a slave.
All we need to do is see if you are 'with child' or on drugs right now.". With
that, he pulled out a small cup and handed it to me. "Fill to the red line. The
rest room is over there." I took the cup and went into the rest room and filled
as directed. I returned with it. Mr. West had a some sort of test out and an
eyedropper. He took a sample out of the cup, sealed the cup then dropped 4 drops
on to the tiny cups on the test card. After a few seconds a set of lines showed
up on the card. "OK, your not pregnant and don't seem to be doing any drugs. We
are good to go here. This is your last chance. Are you sure you want to be a
slave?"

I stood there for a few seconds, then looked him in the eye and said, "Yes, that
is what I want." He shrugged, entered a few more things in the computer, waited
a second for a form to print off. He took the form, signed it, stamped it with
some sort of corporate stamp, then stapled it with my intent and the result page
from the wiz test and put them in a folder "OK, you are a slave now. This is
your last thing you get to do on your own free will for a while." He handed me a
piece of paper which said "First Refusal Request Form" across the top. "Please
write down up to three people that you want me to contact as your first possible
buyers. There is no guarantee that they will be your first owners, however I
will not sell you to any one other than those listed for 24 hours". I handed him
the form back saying "I don't have any one." He looked at me, then said, "Well,
check the 'none' box and sign it then".

I did as he asked then sort of stood there, not knowing what to do next. He
looked at me, then said, "OK, strip. Unsold slaves don't wear clothing, at least
not while in the shop. And put this on.", handing me a collar with a some sort
of electronic device on it. I put the collar on, noticing that it 'locked' on,
then started to disrobe. While I was taking my jeans off I said "How come Ingrid
gets to wear a tunic then?"

ZAPPPPP. I found my self setting on the floor, and my whole head and neck felt
like it was on fire.

"Three things: One, slaves don't question orders, Two, Ingrid isn't an unsold
slave, Three, slaves don't question orders. Do I make my self clear here?"

"Yes... Master". I said.

"Mr West will do. Unless I personally buy you or make you a corporate asset
Master isn't the correct term of address. That's just my personal foible,
legally, of course, you are correct."

As I finished stripping, an alarm clock noise went off. Mr West did something
with his PDA and the noise stopped. "Time for the daily freak show. Might as
well come along and see what Sonya has in mind today."

With that, Mr. West hooked a dog leash to my collar and took me toward the rear
of the house/office. Because I had watched the show so much, I knew where he was
leading me to. We arrive at the torture room, where Sonya had Jen and Angelina
strung up, hanging by one wrist each, with their backs to each other. She had
tied their "free" arm to each other, and had extended it out, with a rope going
to the "peg board" on the western wall. The effect was to make them look like
they were cheerleaders making an "L".

"I'm going to give them 25 lashes with the cat-o-nine today, then leave them up
for a while. Is that OK?" Sonya asked.

"Sound good to me. Oh, to make it exciting, at least for me, Cindy here is going
to give me head. If I come in her mouth before you finish, I'm going to nail
your nipples to that board on the work bench. If you finish first, her tits get
nailed. Ingrid, keep count. Wait. I got an idea... Which ever one of you that
gets nailed gets to choose one of the two pain pigs, to be nailed next to you.
The other one stays hanging. Oh, Ingrid, only lashes that hit the tits count."

Thank God I'm good at giving head. Mr. West sat down in the easy chair on the
edge of the room and opened his fly. I knelt down in front of him. "You may
start" he quietly said.
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK

Oh my God, she's done 4 lashes and I haven't even started. I lean forward and
take his hard cock into my mouth.
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
I lick the head for a second then do my signature "all in one gulp" deep throat
move. I hold it for a few seconds
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
then rise up, licking the head of my owner's cock, then
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
go back down
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
I hold it for a second, swallowing to massage it with my throat then come back
up, then
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
back down then
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
Back up.
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK

Back down
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
Back up
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
Suddenly he grabs my head as I start to go back down. Once I'm all the way down,
he holds me.
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
It's starting to get hard to breath. I swallow and try and breath through my
nose. He must have figured that out, because with the other hand he pinches my
nose shut. It's getting really hard to get a breath... I'm starting to panic
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
SMACK
He lets go, and I pull my head up, just as he starts to cum. I swallow and pray
that I did it in time.
SMACK
SMACK

Ingrid says in a loud voice "25 on each set of breasts"

Mr West says "Sonya, sorry you lost. Which pain slave do you want to be your
partner?"

Sonya breaths heavy for a second then spits out "Why don't you just nail me and
the new slut and leave the pigs hanging?"

Mr West looks down at me, then over at Sonya, "What ever. Works for me. Ingrid,
go get the hammer and 4 finishing nails out of the tool drawer in the kitchen".
Ingrid leaves. While she is gone, Sonya walks over to the work bench and kneels
down, so her tits are laying over the wooden plank on the bench. Mr. West leads
me over there as well, then tell Sonya "Stand up. Need to do something first."
He takes a bottle off the bench and spills a little out of it in 4 spots on the
board, then takes a Popsicle stick and spreads it around. He then picks up a
spray bottle of something, then lifts up Sonya' tits and sprays the under side
of them. He does the same to mine. "Super glue and accelerator. Don't want you
moving while I nail you. OK, you first Sonya. Put your tits on the board." She
hesitates for a second, then looks at him, as he reaches for his remote control
hanging on his belt. Sonya screws up her face, then kneels down, put her tits on
the glue. She give a couple of quick breaths, like something hurt her. "OK
Cindy, your turn". I turn and kneel down, so my tits are on the plank. Suddenly
I feel a fire under my tits, where the super glue is reacting to the accelerator
on the underside of my breasts. I let out a "AHHHHHH". Mr. West sort of snickers
and says "Seems Cindy isn't the quite type.".

Ingrid comes into the room at this point. He takes the hammer and nails from
her, then walks to Sonya's side. He put three nails down on the bench, then puts
on in her left nipple. He taps it a few times with the hammer, then drives it
home with a pair of hard hits. Sonya sort of jerks a bit, which makes the board
pull from my tits, which hurts. He picks up another nail and repeats the 2 taps,
2 hits thing on her right nipple. It's my turn now.
He walks over to my side and hold the nail over my nipple. Instead of doing the
tap and whack thing like he did to Sonya, he just hits it hard once. The pain is
blinding, but rapidly subsides. He picks up the last nail and does the same
"Drive it home" thing with it. Again, a brief burst of blinding pain.

"Well girls, I've got to run. Ingrid, stay in here and make sure no one really
hurts them self until I get back."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bondage Lord


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





