BDSM Library - It Does Come Around, Sometimes




It Does Come Around, Sometimes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A case of paid for revenge, mistaken identity, and payback for the perpetrators.
She dangled, with her wrists incased in padded cuffs, from a rope above her head
which was thrown over a an exposed beam in the filthy garage. Lorena assessed
her situation realizing that her ankles were tied together with rope.  She
assumed that this was intended to keep her from kicking her kidnappers. 
Shivering in the cold, her small olive skinned  naked body showed goose flesh. 
Long dark brown softly waved hair bounced around her shoulders as she twisted to
try to get some degree of comfort.  Comfort would not come.  Raised and held to
a height that only allowed the ends of her delicate toes to touch the floor, she
realized that it was almost impossible to take the pressure completely off of
her shoulders and wrists.  Her imagination would not even begin to help her
understand why she was here and what was planned for her.

Vaguely, as if in a fog, she recollected that she had come out of the Glenview
Shopping Center and started to open the door of her Miata when she went blank. 
What she didn't remember was three men coming up behind her, using chloroform to
knock her unconsious and throwing her in the non-descript van.  They sped away
toward this garage in which she was being held.

It was a very lucky day they stumbled quite by accident upon this abandoned
garage just outside the city limits.  It was obvious that no one had been in it
for years and it was really isolated.  While it was visible from the main road,
it was set back far enough that no one could hear what might be taking place
inside. There was nothing on either side of it for at least one quarter of a
mile.  Best of all, they could park their van directly behind the garage and it
was invisible to anyone except that someone who drove around behind the garage.

Rafe, Junior, and Red were just your typical no-account unemployed  petty
criminal bullies who hang around seedy bars during the day when decent people
are working.  At night, they drive around looking for cars to break into, lone
girls to rape, and uninhabited houses to burgularlize and vandalize.  They stole
enough that they didn't have to work.  They found enough girls to rape and
intimidate that none of them ever had to  try to have a decent relationship with
a woman. It was a perfect life doing what they wanted with no interference from
anyone.  None had ever been charged with a crime although they had been picked
up on suspicion a time or two when they were careless about their criminal
activities.  Up until now, they had never done a job for a fee.

This caper more or less fell into their laps.  A friend of a friend had given
their names and hangout location to
Charles Starnes.  Starnes was a vindictive, vicious, little psychopath who had
been dating a beautiful young dark haired olive complexioned girl named Rita. 
She was small, well proportioned,and smart enough after two dates to figure out
that she was dating someone who probably should be in jail.  He was compulsive,
obsessive, insisted on getting too familiar too quickly. He was enraged when
Rita told him she no longer wanted to see him.  Being the coward that he was, he
decided to arrange for her payback to be done by someone else.  Rafe, Junior and
Red seemed like just the three guys who could satisfy his revenge.  It didn't
take a lot of convincing since $600 seemed like easy money and the perks that
the job would provide seemed even better than the money.

What he wanted done to her was fairly simple to accomplish.  Rita was to be
abducted, beaten, raped, and after that he did not care what they did to her. 
He did not want to be present for ordeal but told them to videotape their
assault on their hapless victim.  He provided the camera and they were only too
willing to accomodate.  After all, they could make copies of the tape and sell
them vastly increasing the take from this little task.

Well, it was dark when Lorena came out of the mall and her resemblance to Rita
was striking.  They could almost of been twins and as luck would have it, both
young ladies drove Miatas.  Of course the three didn't realize that they had
snatched the wrong girl and they continually called their captive, Rita. 
Mistakes sometimes happen.  This one would be a tragedy for Lorena. 

Lorena was 22 years old and worked in a Mortgage office.  She liked her job and
while she was close to her parents, she lived in her own apartment.  She dated
but had not found anyone that she was really serious about.  In high school, she
was very cautious about her dating and managed to graduate as a virgin.

In the garage, the kidnappers had left Lorena shivering in the dark before she
became consious.  They decided to leave her hanging until morning in order to
increase her terror in her predicament.  It was a long, uncomfortable night that
was completely over shadowed by her lack of knowledge of who had done this,why
it was being done, what else was in store for her.  Her imaginings, while bad
enough, couldn't begin to compare with what the captors planned.  She would cry,
whimper, sob, and pray but she could not find either phycical or mental comfort. 
Being totally naked and having no clue as to where she might be, resulted in a
dread and fright that was overwhelming.  The long night stretched on as her
pain, confusion, and terror mounted.

She jerked her head to the right as she heard a vehicle drive up behind the
garage.  She wasn't sure if she should be relieved that someone was going to be
with her or more terrified because of not knowing what was going to be done to
her.    She should have been more afraid.  As the back door of the garage
opened, the sun was just starting to peak over the horizon. They single filed
in, their faces covered by stocking masks.  They originally intended to use Ski
masks but decided that since most of their activities with her would be
strenuous, they felt the wool would be too warm and uncomfortable.  Besides, the
stockings distorted their faces enough that she would never be able to identify
them if they decided to release her at some point.

It would be totally their decision as to their disposition of Lorena when they
completed their chores on her.
They had never murdered anyone and didn't relish the idea of doing her in if
they had a choice.  Anyway, they felt that they had sandbagged against either
contingency by obscuring their faces to prevent indentification if they left her
alive.

In any event, their games were about to begin and all of them were erect just
anticipating the planned activities.  The rapes they carried out in the past
were usually done in their ratty old van and their victims were released after a
good beating to intimidate them into not reporting their assaults to the police. 
It usually worked.  This rape was set up for them and it all just seemed so
easy.  They were anxious to begin.  Red set up the video camera on a tripod so
that they could run the camera using a remote control.  After all, why should
anyone of them have to man the camera and miss the fun to be had.  This way,
they could all participate.   Teamwork, one for all and all for one!  They
looked out for each other and figured that they had redeeming qualities.

They saw themselves as modern day Vikings who were simply doing what red-blooded
men have always done.  Raping and pillaging is just a way of life.  And, after
all, they had never murdered anyone, at least not up until now.  Just 3
fun-loving guys with no restraints and not a care in the world.  They also did
not have a shred of conscience nor an ounce of mercy for anyone they happened to
victimize.

The camera was in place.  They made sure each other were not recognizable and
began the task at hand.

Junior said to Lorena, 'you sure must of pissed old Charlie off.  Lorena seemed
startled.  She replied, "Charlie?  Charlie who?"

Junior said, " Come on, Rita, you are going to pretend you don't know Charles
Stearns?  He certainly knows you and was mad enough to pay us for a little
revenge".

"Wait a minute, my name is not Rita....why are you calling me Rita?  If you
don't believe me, check out my ID in my purse."

The three of them looked at each other dumfounded....could they have made such a
mistake. Her clothes which they pretty much destroyed when they stripped her and
her purse were on the floor near the back door of the garage.  Red went over to
take a look at her wallet and uttered an obscenity.  They did have the wrong
girl.  So what to do now.

They withdrew a small distance from her and discussed what their next move
should be.  Really what difference did it really make?  They decided to do to
Lorena what they had planned to do to Rita wherever in the hell she might be
right at this moment.  After all, they could use this as a dress rehearsal for
the real thing.  Anyway, they could still sell the tape which would bring way
more than the $600 promised by Starnes. 

Walking back toward Lorena, she looked with expectation to them to release her
now that they knew she was not their intended prey.  She started begging them to
let her go but it was obvious that releasing her prematurely was not in their
plans.  They began running their hands all over her private areas.  Red slipped
his third finger and index finger into her vagina.  He was not gentle and her
panic rose even further.
Rafe was behind her and he roughly stuck his thumb into her anus.  In the
meantime, Junior was busy pinching her breasts.  Her nipples were quite erect
from being chilled all night.  She managed to ask what else they were going to
do to her.  She really didn't want to know but somehow the unknown seemed harder
to bear than the reality of what would be happening.

They were only too happy to describe in salacious detail their plans and they
thoroughly enjoyed her shocked and frightened reaction.  After 10 minutes of
penetrating her with their fingers and pinching her breasts black and blue, they
gathered their "toys".

Rafe had an old fashioned razor strop made of leather of course.  He had found
it at a garage sale for $.75 and he knew he would get his money's worth in this
session.  Red was going to wield an old fraternity paddle.  It was somewhat on
the thin side but it had a leather strap attached to the handle and he thought
the handle wqs large enough that his swats could be done two-handed.  Junior was
going to use 4 inch wide strip of lucite that was about a half inch thick and
about twenty four inches long.  Lorena started perspiring in spite of the cold
temperature as she became aware of the attack that was about to commence on her.

Junior was first to land a blow. It stung!  It stung a lot!  It left an angry
immediate red imprint. Lorena sucked in a gasp as the pain registered in her
brain.  Before she could even process what had been done, she was struck again
by Rafe with the strop.  She was spun around by the force of the blow.  It was
more painful than the first and left an equally painful welt.  Red decided that
a good two-handed swat should come quickly.
He literally wound up and struck her so hard that she was spinning out of
control.  She was crying and begging in agony but they acted as if they heard
nothing.  They, then, just took turns,  a swat at a time from  each assailant
hitting her, spinning her around crazily.  Her body  quickly became a mass of
painful red welts and black and blue marks began to appear as well.  It didn't
take  long until her brain was overwhelmed by the pain they were inflicting. 
She prayed that she would pass out but they had thought of that beforehand. 
They simply used an inhaler to keep her conscious.

They were not even sure why they were getting so much pleasure from her pain but
it didn't take long for each of them to begin think about getting their lust
satisfied.  But not quite yet.  As their arms grew tired from the relentless
beating, they decided to cease for a few minutes.  Lorena was pleading to be
repositioned to ease the terrible strain on her shoulders and wrists.  Red,
being the humanitarian that he was, released the rope and allowed Lorena to sink
to her knees.  He then tied off the rope again with her wrists positioned in
front of her breasts.  So, Lorena was left kneeling, arms and hands in front of
her but secure.  What came next blindsided her simply because if happened so
fast and she hadn't even imagined what they were going to do to her.

Rafe lowered his pants, pulled out his erection, grabbed her by her ears and
forced his penis into her mouth.
He warned her not to bite him and to be attentive to bringing him to climax.  He
just slammed against the back of her throat until he came and it didn't take
long.  She spit out what she could and he just laughed at her.  Rafe next
manuevered behind her and inserted his penis in her anus. Red took Rafe's place
in her mouth as Rafe grabbed her by the hips and pushed his way into her
viciously like a steam piston.

The round robin then began with each taking his turn at her mouth and anus.  She
lost track of how many times each did what.  Finally, they were satiated.

Red wanted to resume the beating and decided to tie her hands to her feet  in
front of her and raise her up to arm height with her buttocks protruding.  Red
picked up his paddle and began to rain blows on her behind with her again
spinning from the blows.  This time the beatings were done without rotating the
turns.  Red beat her until his arms were tired and then Rafe took over.  When
Rafe tired, he relinguished to Junior.  She was absolutely a mass of pounded,
red, black and blue flesh.  Her pain exceeded anything that she could have
imagined that she could endure.  While they were resting from their exertions,
they just left her swinging helplessly.  Her tears and pleadings moved them not
at all.  They were already thinking of some more exotic things to do to her.

Meanwhile, Officers Mooney and Sanchez were on their regular patrol and had kind
of noticed the van pulling behind the abandoned garage when the trio had
returned to punish their hapless victim.  Unfortunately, the officers got a
domestic violence call which distracted them.  If they had not been distracted,
they might have saved Lorena, the most horrible day of her young life.  As it
was, when they finished handling the domestic violence call, they returned to
the garage to investigate what the guys in the crappy old van were doing there.

By the time, they arrived back at the garage, the abductors were sitting around
catching their breath from the latest round of torture they had visited on
Lorena.  Of course they were startled when the patrolmen came through the door
and surveyed the scene before them.  They didn't attempt to escape but began to
bubble out excuses for what they had done to the poor girl hanging from the
ceiling with obviously grievious injuries.

Sanchez told Mooney to keep the miscreants covered while he rushed to cut the
ropes holding Lorena.  She curled up in a fetal position and he ran to the
patrol car to get a blanket.  He knew the poor girl would probably go into shock
if she had not already done so.  He wrapped her as well as he could and tried to
comfort the sobbing, terribly distressed young girl who had just endured  a
terrible outrage.  Even tough seasoned cops can have their hearts moved.  They
identified with what had happened to Lorena by wondering what they would do if
it were their wife or sister who had been so horribly treated.  Their anger
surged as they thought about it.

Little by little, they got the story of the mistaken identity and the name of
the perpetrator, Charles Starnes.
The camera had recorded  the detail of every evil deed done to the lovely young
girl by these animals so there would be an open and shut case for their
convictions.  Sanchez and Mooney had only to decide if they were going to let
them stand trial.  They finally decided that what had been done to Lorena, would
be just and fitting punishment for the perpetrators before they were arrested. 
There was enough rope to hoist all three after their pants had been removed. 
The next half hour proved to be the most painful time any of them had ever
experienced.

When their punishment was complete, they were cuffed and an ambulance was called
for Lorena along with a paddy wagon for their captured criminals.

As for Sanchez and Mooney, their day would not be complete until they had picked
up Starnes.  Starnes certainly qualified  for a date with the paddle in the
garage. This would be taken care of before he would be formally arrested and
charged.  Strange how what goes around does sometimes come around.  After all,
the bad guys can't always get away without punishment, can they? Should they?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Teacher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





