BDSM Library - My Master Returns




My Master Returns
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Slave recalls meeting her Master as she prepares for his next visit, knowing there will be a change to come.
He is arriving today.  It has been almost 3 months since I was under
his control, well there was that short visit a month ago where he had
me undress in his rental SUV and gave my pussy a quick lick, but he is
coming today for 3 days and I have to be ready.  I was up before the
rest of my family to shower As the warm water runs over me I am
shaving my pussy and the crack of my ass, knowing he must not find a
single hair.  It was still early when I finished but now I needed to
get the kids ready for school. My husband was going to work today with
a friend to build custom cabinets so it was a very typical hectic
morning.  With everything done and my family already for their day, I
headed out the door to my job.  I told my husband I had a doctor's
appointment and to pick the kids up from school for me.

Maybe a little introduction before I get to far ahead, my name is
Irasema.  I am a 43 year's old wife and mother, living in Chicago and
working in the high tech sector.  I stand 5' 1" and have 38DD natural
breasts, a 35" waist and 42" hips with shoulder length dark hair and
brown eyes.  At 138lbs I am heaver then I want to be but a good pair
of tight fitting jeans still shows off my Latin curves.

My story starts many years ago, when I first meet my Master.  He was
newly married and we had an affair but at the time I had no idea of
his desires.  I fell for him, he was tall almost 6' 5", green eyes,
dark hair and big hands which just make me melt.  He moved to San Francisco
shortly after and our affair end, I moved too and we stayed in touch
from time to time.  I never got over him but I did get married to a
wonderful man who is the father of my two children and is also tall
with big hands!  Master and I saw each other a few times, once in
Chicago and once after my first son was born.  We came together and
the sex was good but I always wanted more of him and worried he would
not comeback to me.

Then after a long quite period between us we talked and with in a few
weeks I found myself agreeing to become this man's Slut!  Yes, a sex
slave, to a married man and me, a married women!  I loved him and
would do anything for him but being his Slut was not something I would
have ever though I could do but somehow it felt so right to me.  My
husband has always waited for me to make the first move in our
relationship and I guess you could say, I am dominate in our
relationship, with more experience then him, when we first met.  I was
not use to being told what to do and it took time for me to give my
control to my Master and I did day by day.  There was the sex, he
always wants it and what he wanted from me was beyond anything I
imagined or had ever thought about doing with anyone.

Today I am a different women then I was two years ago, I am more
confident in myself, I have learned to enjoy and appreciate my body
for what it is, my husband and I are closer in bed and I am most
definitely my Master's PUTA!

Over the last 18 months he has taught me the positions of a slave, how
to suck his cock, to take his cock in my ass, and he has fuck me with
dildos so big I never thought they would fit in me.  Just thinking
about the one we call Mr. Black that 13"monster dildo gets me so wet!
Size does matter, I know that now. I have been tied up, fucked in
every position, licked & kissed every part of his body and still he
finds new ways to want more from me.

His email yesterday said he would arrive by 10:45 am and be at the
hotel by Noon.  I was to meet him there for something that would be
different then what he normally would have from me.  I was to be the
Mistress and he was to be the Slave!  He told me this was good
training for me and that it was what my husband wanted from me.  You
see I must tell my Master every time I have sex with my husband and as
he says "with details."  He has had me do many different things with
my husband over the last year it has taught me about men and how they
are all pretty much the same when it comes to sex.

So here I am at work and with only two hours before we where to meet I
had to get ready.  I walked to the parking lot and open the truck of
my car to put the large bag inside.  Over the years we have collected
a large amount of sex toys and I am to bring them with me every time
we meet.  I kept them at work in a locked deck drawer.  I cannot
imagine what people would think if they found out.  This time there
was two new dildos in the bag that Master sent me two weeks ago.  One
was a realistic looking cock with balls 10" long and 2 1/2 inches in
diameter, the other was 9" long and a meaty 3" in diameter.  He said
one was for me and the other for him but I was not sure what he meant
but this.  I took a small bag out of the bigger bag and stuffed it
into my purse, and closed the trunk.  I had to remember to bring the
shoes that I put in the back seat with me too.  He wanted the
high-heel platform shoes that he had bought me some time ago. I turned
thinking if I have forgotten anything and headed back into the office.
The small bag in my purse was my "Butt Plug" bag and I would need it
later as my Master always wanted me to have it in my ass when I
arrived.  He told me, "I like the idea of a plug up your ass while you
site in your office and no one but me knows it is there."

When I got to my desk my cell rang and I could feel the excitement
grow.  One look at the screen told me it was him.  Hello this is Pilar
I said.  "How is my Slut?" he asked knowing I could not say anything
other then "just fine."  He told me he was getting his bags and would
call from the Hotel with the room number and with that he was gone.  I
knew I had about 40 minutes so I tried to get a little work done but
also knew I would need time to get my plug in my ass.  I had not been
practicing like he wanted me to and knew it would take longer.  So
with a few email answered I grabbed my purse and headed to the Ladies
bathroom.  As I walked, I though about my ass and what I knew he would
do to me today.  I had always though of that opening as dirty and
something not to touch, let alone receive pleasure from.

My mind drifted as I entered the stall, close the door and pulled down
my pants, drifted back to him pushing his finger for the first time in
my ass and telling me to relax so long ago.  The KY felt cool but his
FINGER was in my ass, what if he got something on it!  In and out his
finger went with him kissing my pussy.  I closed my eyes starting to
relax and enjoy his licking and then his finger came out!  I opened my
eyes, expecting the worst but only to see him holding a long string
with red balls the size of marbles on it.  He said "Anal beads for
that lovely little asshole of your."  He was going to put them in me,
in my ASS, I did not know what to do or say and before I knew it the
first one was in my ass.  Then another and another and when they were
all in and he pull just a little and oh it felt so good!

How could this be I say to myself.  He then told me to play with my
clit and I wasted no time in starting to rub my clit.  He told me to
cum for him and I began to rub faster and faster.  I could feel it
starting, like a wave washing over me and him telling me "Cum for me
Slut" over and over.  As I came he pulled the sting of beads from my
ass and as each one came out my orgasm got strong and strong!  I had
never felt anything like this before.  It was incredible and he was
just smiling at me.  The cool KY on my fingers made me jump, I was
back from my daydream and in the bathroom stall at work.

I need to get my plug in or I would be late.  My pussy was dripping
now and I wanted to rub my clit so bad but I knew I did not have the
time.  I got the bright red starter plug from my bag and pushed the
first of its two bubbles into my ass.  I tried to relax knowing this
was the small part and the next bubble was bigger.  Master had sent me
two Butt Plugs, one red (my starter) which was 1 3/8" in diameter and
a bigger in black that was 1 3/4" in diameter.  When I got to the
hotel he would remove the red one and push the bigger black one into
me.  There it would stay until he was ready to fuck my ass.   Wiping
my hands off with toilet paper and making sure I had no KY left on my
ass I pulled up my thong and pants.  I washed my hands and headed back
to my cube.  Checking in with my boss, I reminded her I had a doctor's
appointment and that I would be back in the morning.

As I left the parking lot my cell rang again and I answered "Hello."
"Hello my Slut I am in room 1310 and look forward to see you soon.  I
said "I am on my way and will be there soon Master."  I found building
13 and parked, the plug in my ass had been pushed deeper on the drive
over and as I got out of the car I felt it slip back out just a
little.  Opening the trunk, I grabbed the toy bag, the shoes from the
back seat and head up the stairs.  The Hotel was close to my office
and secluded.   Most of the guests were temporary Valley Tech workers
so that this hour no one was around.  Climbing the stairs with my plug
and the heavy bag of toy was a nice workout both for my legs and my
ass.  On the third landing, I saw Room 1310 and knocked at the door.
It opened and I could see no one just the empty living room/kitchen.
As I walked through the door it closed behind me and I felt the bag
being taken from my hand.  I turned and there he was with those green
eyes looking down at me.  Without a word I knew what I was to do.

I walked to the couch placed my purse on it and stated to undress
placing my clothing neatly next to my purse.  He sat in the big chair
just watching me.  As I stepped out of my thong I through it to him,
he caught it and smelled it.  "I see my Slut is ready and her pussy is
wet for me."  Stepping to the center of the room I assumed Position 4
the TRIBUTE, with my feet spread wide apart, lending forward slightly
with my hands holding my tits up high for him.  From this point, he
has taken control of me. I can only obey and present my whole body to
him for his pleasure.  I am unable to control my desire for this.  I
am so horny that all I want is to cum for him.  He circles around me
pinching my nibbles, smacking my ass and the pushing my plug in
deeper.  "Very good my Slut, you are prepared and just as I wanted
you.  Today we are going to train you on how to dominate your husband
and give him the experience he wants but cannot ask for directly."  "I
will be both your Master and your Slave today my Slut and you will
learn how to take control."  My mind races but I manage to answer with
"Yes Master."

"Let's start with a nice little washing and after which I have a
surprise for you, into the bath my Slut."  I follow him to the
bathroom and he turns on the water.  I kneel down in the tub as he
runs the water over my ass.  He reached for my plug and with a quick
pull it is out of my ass.  I feel empty now but his fingers are now
playing with my pussy and the warm water feels so good.  I can feel
the bar of soap washing the crack of my ass and then over my pussy.
Again his fingers return to my pussy washing the soap away.  "There
you go my Slut all clean and ready."  He helps me up and then dries me
with a towel.  "Position 1, Slut."  I feel my pussy start to drip with
these very words this is INSPECTION, of all the position he has taught
me this is the one I love the most.  Walking to the bed quickly, I
climb on it, putting my face down and my ass up.  Spreading my knees
wide and placing my arms behind me at the small of my back I wait for
him.  I feel so exposed, wide open to him and knowing he can do
whatever he wants to me.

I feel his strong hands on my ass, spreading my cheeks wider, I can
feel his breath on my cheeks as his kisses each one.   Then his tongue
is at my ass, licking it and wanting to get inside.  Then as fast as
it came it is gone, but not without a quick lick of my pussy.  Oh I
love it when he licks my pussy!  I do not move knowing that I am not
allowed to leave this position until he tells me to.  I am so wet and
need to cum so badly!

I hear him in the other room and then he is back with his finger at my
ass.  He is push into my ass and I try to relax as KY gets me ready.
With his other hand he is rubbing my pussy and I can feel his finger
push deep into my ass.  "That's a good Slut, open your asshole for you
Master." And with that I push out letting his finger slid all the way
in my ass.  "I want you asshole good and opened Slut!"  "Now reach
around and play with your clit for me" he orders.  I ask "Can I cum
for you Master?"  He has trained me to always ask permission and that
each time I cum it is a gift from him to me.  He says "Yes you may cum
while I get you as ready for your plug."  Rubbing my clit I can feel
his two fingers in my ass and now pushing deeper.  Then they are gone
replaced with the tip of the black plug.  I rub my pussy faster as I
feel the first bubble of the plug pop into my ass.  Oh it feels so
good when he pulls it out!

Back in it goes pushing deeper as the second bubble push my ass wide
open to it limits.  It is starting to hurt and not wanting him to
know, I try to relax and focus on my clit but he knows.  "I can see
you have not been practicing nor has that husband of your taken your
ass for some time."  "Yes Master" is all I can say to him.  He pulls
the plug from my ass and his fingers are back in me going deep and the
pulling at the sides to stretch me open.  It hurts slightly but I can
feel his tongue licking at my ass and oh it feels so good.  My pussy
is dripping down the sides of my legs.  Rubbing my clit and feeling
like I am about to cum the plug is back in my ass to the second
bubble.  He push and just when I feel I can take no more it slip all
the way into my ass.  I start to cum at once asking him may I cum
Master?  "Yes you may Slut."  With that, he pulls the plug from my ass
and then pushes it back in, over and over until I am left moaning
softly into the sheets as the first orgasm rocks me.  My ass is ready
for him now is all I can think.

Good Slut, you are off to a good start he says.  Now for your
surprise, sit up Slut.  He hands me a gift box, I look up at him and
he says open it.  Inside is a pair of black leather chaps with rose
and fringe on the sides.  He says "I think you have wanted a pair of
these for sometime."  Let's see if they fit you my Slut.   Standing up
I feel the bigger plug in my ass filling it completely.  Stepping into
the chaps they fit perfect in the waist and my thighs but they are to
long.  He sees this and says "Not to worry" handing me my pair of 7"
high heel platform shoes.  With the shoes on I am almost tall enough
to look him right in the eyes, those beautiful green eyes.   I kiss &
hug him and thank him for the gift.  They are just what I wanted.  He
says "Now it is time to get me ready."

Balancing in my high heels I start to undress him.  First his shirt
and then his pants, he wears briefs in dark colors and not boxers.  I
am kneeling before him as I pull then down and there in front of me is
his cock, semi-hard right in face.  His pubic hair is shaved from his
balls and around the edge of his cock making it framed by his dark
hair.  His cock is circumcised and 7" in length, nothing like the
dildos he has fucked me with but oh how I to have it inside me to
squeeze.  He his is a little longer then my husband's as my husband's
cock is uncircumcised but thicker.

I get into Position 3 PRAISE.  On my knees with them spread wide apart
I hold up my breasts to him with my head back and my mouth open wide.
He steps forward and his cock lowers into my mouth.  I close my lips
and gently suck the pre-cum for the tip of his cock.  "That's as good
girl he says and pushes more of his cock down my throat.  "You are to
wash me, get my ass ready."  Yes Master I answer.

I follow him to the bathroom trying to keep my balance in my heels and
chaps.  He kneels in the tub just as he had me do 20 minutes ago.  I
bend down to adjust the water and begin to wash his ass, balls and his
cock.  Rubbing the soap up and down his ass I push my fingers into his
asshole.  He pushes back and I continue to finger him feeling his ass
loosen as more of my two finger slide in.  He moans softly.  Pulling
my fingers out I wash the soap from his ass, balls and cock.  Please
stand My Master so I can dry you off.  "Now my Slut, go get my plug
and the KY from the nightstand drawer."

In my hand is the largest butt plug I have ever seen.  It is just like
the two he sent me but much bigger.  The first bubble is the size of
the black one now firmly up my ass but the bigger bubble is almost 3"
in diameter.  He is on the bed lying on his back with his ass on a
pillow with his knees pulled up legs open wide, slowly stroking his
hard cock and watching me closely.  "Come my slut and lick my ass" he
says.  On to the bed I clime lying on my stomach between his legs, all
the time he is stroking that beautiful cock.  Placing my hands under
his ass I lift him to my mouth, my tongue dance over his asshole and
he moans softly.

His asshole opens for me and I stick my tongue in as far as it will
go.  "Cum for me my Slut while your tongue is up my ass" he says as he
hands me my vibrator.  I slide my hand down to my pussy it is dripping
wet.  How does he do this to me?  Turning on the vibrator, I work my
clit in small circles as my tongue does the same to his ass.  I see
his cock over his ball which rest on my nose as my second orgasm
starts to wash over me.  Please Master may Slut cum for you. "Yes" I
heard in a soft quite voice as he pushes my head back into his ass.  I
am cuming now and trying to scream with pleasure but my face is so
tight against his ass all it sounds like is a muffle plead.  Releasing
my head, I breathe in air as my lungs feel like they will explode, I
am lightheaded as the trembles of my orgasms ripple through me and
vibrator buzzes between my legs.

"Very good Slut, that's two and many to go" he whispers in my ear.
"Now you are to get my plug in my ass."  He is turned over on his
stomach with his ass up in the air.  I see his asshole clearly and
know I have been licking it just a few minutes ago.  The thought
excites me even as I know what comes out of there.  I am always amazed
how both he and my husband's assholes are so big, well they are both
big guys.  I start to spread KY on his ass and gently start with my
finger, to my surprise in goes in right away.  I add another and then
another and have three of my fingers in his ass as he starts to moan.
Push them in and out I listen to him make soft sounds.  Applying the
KY to the plug, I push the plug into his ass as the first bubble
disappears.  Pushing harder the second bubble start to go in but it is
too tight and I can tell it is starting to hurt him so I back offer
and start with my fingers again.  After a while with four of my
fingers in his ass, I say "Shall I try again my Master?"  "Yes Slut I
am ready for it now."  This time, with a quick push the second bubble
pops into his ass.  He moans loudly.

As he turns over, I can see his cock is dripping and my mouth without
a word is lowering over his cock.  He rolls me over and is on top of
me, his cock going down my throat.  I have never been able to take all
of him as my mouth it is just to small but I try too.  I am gagging on
his cock now and he knows it and says "Suck my balls slut."  His cock
leaves my month and his balls take its place as he lay down around me
and begins to lick my pussy.  Oh I love when he does this.  I try to
match his tongue with my tongue.  He sucks harder and I suck his balls
harder.  I feel it approaching fast and know I am going to come again
soon.  I cannot speak with his ball in my mouth and with his weight
pushes down I cannot get him off of me to ask if I can cum!  Too late,
as I start to CUM!  He knows it, reaching for my plug, he pulls it
from my ass and pushes it back in just as fast.  All I can do is cum
and suck his balls harder.  Over and over he pulls the plug out and
pushes it back in.  He is fuck my ass and licking me at the same time.
Here I go again� as another orgasm shakes me! This is like nothing I
have every felt, I am so overwhelmed.  Slowing his speed but not
stopping he lift off of me and his cock is back in my mouth.  I can
taste the pre-cum that is dripping from him.

With a final lick of my clit he is off me.  "Very good my Slut but I
am not ready to cum and you have me too close."  I beg him "Please
Master let me made you cum."  "No I am not done with you my Slut; now
go get the new dildos and my harness."  Trying to get up my legs are
so weak and with my heels I am barley able to walk.  He smacks my ass
as I walk by him.  From the bag I return with the harness and the two
new dildos and condoms.  Without a word I help him into the harness
and strap it on him.  "I think I will fuck you with the biggest one my
Slut" he says to me.  Looking at it I am worried is so some big.
"Please Master fuck your Slut slowly."  His answer is quick and firm
"I will fuck as I want and you will take what I give you."  Yes Master
lowering my eyes to him.   "On the bed Slut and spread your legs" he
says.  Climbing back on to the bed I am dripping again.  With my legs
wide as I can open them he put a pillow under my ass.  Looking down I
see the monster dildo just touching my pussy.  He starts to push and
my lips begin to stretch open.

The head of the monster feels like it will split me open.  I beg him
"Please Master go slowly."  He does not speak but bends to pinch and
suck my nipple.  For a minute my mind is not thinking about the
monster cock pushing into me but him month on my nipple sucking them
and part of my breast into his mouth.  Suddenly, I feel the head pop
into my pussy and with it I am starting to cum.  He pushes it deeper
and I can barley catch my breath.  He is starting to pump it back and
forth, each time it goes deeper until I think I can takes no more.
Please Master Slut wants to come.  He bends down on me and start to
pump faster I cannot longer wait for him to tell me, I am cuming! He
fucks me harder and harder and I continue to cum like a wave climbing
to the shore.  My body is shaking and I screaming with pleasure but he
holds me tight and keeps fucking.

As I quite down, my orgasm running to its end he slows but does not
stop.  He is sweating and it is dripping on to me.  "Once more my
Slut' he says.  "Tell me what you are?"  At first I do not know what
he means and then it is clear.  I am your Slut Master.  "Say it again
louder" he says.  I am YOUR SLUT MASTER.  The monster dido inside me
moves faster.  "Again" he orders.  I AM YOUR SLUT FUCK ME MASTER.
"Again this time in Spanish" his says.  I am starting to cum, he knows
I think in Spanish, the words cut deep into me but they come from my
lips with a burst of pleasure, Yo soy su puta, Yo soy su puta!  I am
cuming as waves rush over me, the big dildo pounds into me his pace
slows and he looks at me with those green eyes, we kiss.   He whispers
"I love you.  I am total without strength unable to move.  We lay
still for sometime and then he says "It is my turn Slut, time to
pleasure your Master."

I want to stay next to him and not move but my mind know I must obey
him.  I help him remove the harness and am sucking his cock while hold
his balls.  He say "I want you to fuck my ass Slut."  I have done this
before and I have even fucked my husband's ass.  I am uncomfortable as
I am so use to following his commands and pleasing him but he has
taught me so much and he wants me to learn to take control.  He helps
me with the harness, I step into it, he pulls it up and buckles it
tight over my chaps. The harness has a red attachment call a Vac-U Loc
system that can hold different size dildos.  He removes the Monster
and replaces it with the second new dildo. It is long a while not as
big around as the monster it is still very big.  Turning to look in
the mirror at the far end of the room, I see the whole outfit and it
looks so sexy on me.  The heels add length to my body, the chaps slim
my legs and the harness with my new cock has the look of power to it.
I can see he likes it too, as his cock is harder now.  He put the
small egg vibrator into it holder on the harness and places the egg
over my clit.  "I want a good fuck from you my slut" he says at he
switches it on.  Oh the feeling is so nice and I know I will be cuming
again.

He is back on the bed with his ass up in the air and face down on the
bed.  I reach for his plug and pull it from his ass.  It has opened
him up but this dildo is big.  Reaching for the KY I spread it over
his asshole.  I take a deep breath as the egg buzzes away on my clit
and position the head of my cock at his ass.  I start to push and he
moans the head is barley in, but I push farther.  He lets out a load
ahhhhhha has the head goes all the way in.  Hold his hips and get
closer to him a start to slowly push deeper.  With each push I pull
back and start again going deeper each time.  He is moaning on each in
and out stroke.  With one last push the whole cock is in his ass.  He
jumps and I think I have hurt him but he says "I am ok now fuck me
just like you are going to fuck your husband this weekend.  Grabbing
his hips I start to pump the cock in and out of his ass faster and
faster.  Stopping every so often to pull all the out and push it fully
back into him.  He is moaning louder and louder and the sound is so
existing I can feel my own orgasm starting.

All of a sudden I am speaking, where the words come from or why I do
not know "I am cuming Master AHA� cum with me as I fuck your ass!"  I
pump faster as my orgasm hits me but to my excitement.  He is cuming
loudly too and I see him shake.  Falling forward on his back I and
done and can move no more.  Slowly I pull my dildo from his ass he
turns over and there in his out stretched hand is his cum waiting for
me to eat.  I bend down without him having to ask and begin to lick up
his seed as he gentle strokes my head and says "That's a good Slut eat
it all up, you've be a very good girl."  I have still not gotten use
to the taste of cum but I am learning.  I try not to think about it as
I lap it up from his hand but instead I know he is in control of me
and I am one with that.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Good Girl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





