BDSM Library - You Asked For It




You Asked For It
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband gets it from his wife.
                 YOU ASKED FOR IT

        Switching off the TV, Nathan downed the rest of his beer and headed into
the den to see what Deb was doing.  They have been married for 9 years; mostly a
smooth relationship but tonight was one of the exceptions.  An argument started
earlier regarding the unkept state of the house.  Deb was a pack rat and she
never threw anything away.  While the piles of magazines and papers she kept
appeared in order by her organization methods, Nathan saw them as nothing but
junk collections. Unfortunately, the 8 beers and the sports channel did not help
relieve the disgust Nathan was feeling.  Deb was seated at her usual night-time
spot at her desk in front of her computer.  She was checking her emails and
finishing some last minute orders for her at home business.  She was dressed in
the usual jeans and t-shirt outfit she wore around the house.  Nathan couldn't
help but admire the profile of her large breasts pushing against her shirt as he
walked into the room.  He realized that he wouldn't be getting any sex tonight
after their argument; however the buzz from the beers made him attempt to get
some sex tonight.  What did he have to lose?

         "Wha'cha doing?" he asked.  "Oh, nothing", she answered, not wanting to
get into with him now and wishing he would just go to bed and leave her alone. 
He didn't want to end his night just yet, and he couldn't leave the room without
pushing it further.  "Are you mad?" he asked, already knowing the answer.  She
turned toward him, pushed her curly blonde hair away from her face and coldly
responded, "Yes, and I am tired of having the some argument over and over". 
While she was naturally smaller than her husband, she always knew how to express
herself in a way that made it very clear to him that she was not one of those
"anything for you, honey" types.  "Oh come on Deb, don't over react, I was just
bitching a little about the mess".  Her voice rose as she responded, "Don't even
try it, you were being a total jerk about it and now you are making me madder
than I already was".

        He should have stopped there but there was something exciting about her
blazing blue eyes that made his dick start to twinge.  "OK, maybe I was but you
know the place is a mess, and your aren't that mad"  Her eyes seared right into
him, "Get away from me, right now I am so pissed all I would to do is beat the
crap out of you".  They had engaged in mild fetish play before but never
anything that truly aroused him.  However, he was beginning to feel more and
more excited with every word she was speaking, the thought of her expressing her
anger on him in a sexual way triggered an impulse inside him.  He decided to go
a little farther to see what would happen.  "Maybe that would make you feel
better?"  She was in no mood for games and no mood for his crap, the redness in
her face brightened as she firmly commanded, "OK, fine, get in the bedroom and
get your clothes off, I'll be right there".  He casually left the room and
headed to their bedroom while she finished reading her last unopened emails. She
switched off the monitor, tucked her shirt tightly into her jeans left the den.

 	Nathan was laying on the bed with the covers about mid-length up his
body.  His eyes tracked Deb as she came in the room not exactly sure what she
intended but feeling all the more hardened from this unexpected situation.  She
walked over to the end of the bed and pulled back the covers to reveal his naked
form.  "Good" was all she said, verifying that he had disrobed.  She walked into
the closet and opened their small chest of sex toys and pulled out 4 lengths of
rope and a fantasy spanking paddle they purchased a few years back, something
that never got much use.  She laid the rope and paddle on the bed and pulled her
shirt over the top of her head.  She obviously wanted total freedom of movement
for what was to come.  Her breasts pushed into the fabric of her lacy black bra. 
She sat on the edge of the bed and gave him one last fair warning, "I am so
pissed right now that I can't be hold responsible for what will happen if you
let me do this to you"   Looking at her small arms, he was quick to respond,
"You aren't that strong Deb".

         "OK, that's it, now roll over" was all she said.  He obeyed and soon
found himself face down on the bed.  She tied his wrists and ankles to the bed
corners while humming to herself.  Then she got on top of him and secured a
blindfold around his head while pressing her breasts into his face.  "You are
really in for it now" was all she said while he enjoyed the momentary joy of her
luscious tits pushing on him.  She rumbled around a short while and then she
said, "Nathan, you have been acting like a complete asshole towards me and I am
not going to take it anymore.  You should be very worried about what is coming". 
He was just considering what he had gotten himself into when she paddled his ass
hard with 10 good SMACKS!  He wrenched against his bonds but was unable to stop
the punishment.  After the first 10, he realized this was no playful sex game
anymore and wished he had just gone to bed and not provoked her.  Deb
immediately applied another 10 hard SMACKS on him and he begged for her to stop. 

        Deb started laughing to herself about how comforting it was to
physically express her unhappiness to her husband's bare bottom.  She was
getting aroused at this new sense of power she had acquired.  She soon learned
that he found this to be equally satisfying when she reached under him and felt
his solid dick.  She spoke with total authority when she said, "You will not
complain about the way I keep my things around the house, I will punish you
harder if you are not totally submissive to me with regards to the rules in this
marriage.  From now on, you will receive a spanking every week just to remind
you that I am the one that sets the rules and if your attitude towards my
position as mistress changes, you will be really sorry, do you understand?"  A
weak "yes ... maam" was all he could whimper.  She then added, "I hate to do
this to you but I am not finished, you will receive 10 more smacks just so you
understand what I have told you"  He took them with grace but he could only hide
the pain so much the paddle can down harder and harder with each stroke.

        Even though the pain throbbed, he was in bliss, being able to surrender
his backside to his wife whenever she was angry with him gave him great comfort. 
She firmly grabbed his balls and said, "Why would you think you were ever
stronger than me when all I have to do is squeeze and all your powerful manhood
is mine to control"  He knew things would be different from now on in their
home, however his dick was almost lifting him off the bed. 

        He wondered if she felt the same aroused feelings as him, but that was
soon revealed when she untied him, turned him over and retied him face up and
proceeded to take off her pants and underwear.  She removed his blindfold so he
could she her in all her feminine power.  To his dread, he witnessed her remove
the tape from the video recorder she had running and hide it somewhere out of
his site.  He realized this was what she was doing after she had him tied down. 
What was she going to do with it? The thought worried but aroused him all the
more.

        She climbed on top of his face and he devoured her delicious pussy while
she fondled his nipples and forced him to declare over and over that she was in
charge.  After she climaxed, she then had him beg for the pleasure of his
release.  Finally she mounted him and felt his dick pumping her so strongly she
had to grab his restraints to get from flying off the bed.  After he came, she
untied him and they lay together enjoying their close intimacy.  "I want you to
know that it is very important for me to be able to beat you when you make me
unhappy and remember...you asked for it".  They drifted off into a pleasant
sleep knowing their arguments would never again be settled by her giving him the
"silent treatment", now they would be settled by a whole new style of "spousal
treatment".




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  vampiro72


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





