BDSM Library - Alice Takes Charge




Alice Takes Charge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Can Alice win the man of her dreams by dominating him?
Alice lay in a lounger by the pool in her upscale apartment complex, soaking up
the warm rays on a lazy Sunday afternoon in June.  The pool was a popular
gathering place for the mostly young, mostly single residents of Ashford Arms,
and today the usual parade of tight, tanned young bodies was on display.

Alice, who considered herself an average looking girl at best, was dressed more
modestly in a black one-piece suit with plenty of coverage.  There were times
when she felt envy for the blond Barbie dolls strutting past her nearly naked
and full of attitude.  But usually she merely observed them as if they were
another species or a strange alien race.

She also had little use for the vapid, amoral men who hung about the place
looking for their next 3-minute thrill ride.  Some of them were cute, a few of
them might have even been intelligent, but none of them had the sense to realize
that what really made a person sexy was between the ears and not below the neck,
so she rarely mourned the lack of attention from them.

And then she saw Anthony.

Anthony was a beautiful man, perhaps for Alice the ideal specimen of male
beauty.  He stood about six foot, had wavy jet black hair and piercing green
eyes.  His body was toned and his skin was a luscious golden brown.  The man
moved like a panther, and he seemed to always be completely at ease,
self-assured without being arrogant. 

But there was something else about him.  He was so animated, so alive.  He had a
glow about him that almost made him seem god-like.  He was, in short, the man of
her dreams.

Unfortunately, many other women had a similar dream, and many of them had long
blond hair and an hourglass figure.  Alice had seen a number of such women come
and go over the months she had lived here, but none had been able to hold on to
him for very long.

Currently a particularly voluptuous blonde dressed in the skimpiest red bikini
Alice had ever seen was draping herself across his arm.  She seemed to be
hanging on to him for dear life.  "Good luck, sister," Alice mused.

As these thoughts were running through her mind, she found herself staring at
Anthony, and then...no!  It couldn't be.  He was staring back at her!  Alice
looked away quickly and her face turned scarlet.  When she looked back up he was
already walking away from the pool area, probably heading back to his apartment
where (Alice imagined) the girl would enthusiastically do wonderfully
unspeakable things to him.

"Life just isn't fair," Alice whispered to herself.  She decided she'd had
enough sun for one day and headed back to her apartment in a foul mood.



The next week Alice was having lunch with her friend Stacy, an uninhibited girl
who was telling her all about her latest deviant fancy.

"Lately I've been seriously into S&M!" Stacy cooed.

Alice rolled her eyes.

"No, really, you should give it a try.  Men love this shit!  I'll bet I could
have just about any man I want if I just put on a leather thong and tall boots
and whipped his little ass with a cane.  Plus, it's nice being able to call the
shots for a change!"

"So, should I start calling you Mistress Stacy?" Alice asked, her voice dripping
with sarcasm.

"Maybe you should, or I'll put you over my knee!"

They both laughed.



Later that night Alice kept replaying the conversation in her head - "any man I
want."  Stacy was pretty flighty but she had a lot of experience with men and
seemed to understand them pretty well.  She tried to picture herself decked out
in black leather, holding a whip.  She giggled at the thought, but had to admit
that the idea wasn't altogether unappealing.

When she woke up the next morning, she felt a sense of resolve she'd never
experienced before, and a plan started to form in her head.  Two weeks later,
she stood looking at herself in the mirror.  She hardly recognized herself.

She was wearing the black leather halter/miniskirt outfit she'd bought (along
with some other interesting items) on the Internet from the S&M site Stacy had
referred her to.  Stacy, of course, had been thrilled with her little scheme and
had been a willing co-conspirator.  She had loaned her the "absolutely wicked"
spiked heel boots she now struggling to walk in. 

The planning was over now and it was time to put her plan into action.  Anthony
was due home from work any minute.

She peered out her window into the parking lot.  Sure enough, within a few
minutes Anthony's black Jaguar sped into the lot.  Alice hurried to her front
door and moved down the hall in the opposite direction from where Anthony would
be entering the building.  Her plan was to pass him in the hallway (apparently
by chance) and then work from there.  She was having some second thoughts, but
it would soon be too late to turn back.

As she neared the end of the hallway she spun around and reversed her direction,
just in time as it turned out.  Anthony was just coming in the doorway at the
other end of the hall.  Almost immediately his eyes found her and he seemed
transfixed by the sight of her.  "He's taking the bait," Alice thought, and her
heart stared to beat faster.

As they drew near each other he was sizing her up, his eyes wandering up and
down her barely concealed body.  She returned the gesture, letting her eyes
savor him from head to toe.  She maintained a stern, disaffected expression as
they came face to face.  Now if only he would break the ice and speak first.

"Hi," he said, smiling to reveal his flawless teeth.

Alice stopped walking and regarded him without speaking for a moment, seemingly
unable to decide if he was worth her time.

Finally she said "Hello there, pretty boy."

Anthony laughed nervously.  Alice continued to regard him coolly.

"Er...are you new in the building?" Anthony asked.  "I don't believe I've seen
you here before."

Alice ignored his attempt at small talk and said, "I don't like standing in
hallways, if you want to talk we can go to my apartment."

For a minute, he seemed taken aback, and Alice thought he might flee.  Then he
looked at her outfit again, and then into her steely eyes.  "He looks like a
little boy looking at a big scary rollercoaster," Alice thought.  "He wants to
ride but he's afraid.  He wants to ride *because* he's afraid."

"Fine," she said, and continued down the hallway.

"No...wait...I'd like to see your apartment," he said nervously.

Alice made sure her smirk had vanished by the time he caught up with her.

She led him into her apartment but didn't offer him a seat.  He stood awkwardly
in her living room as she mixed them both a drink.  She didn't bother asking him
what he'd like, and she made his twice as strong as hers.

Alice offered him a glass and Anthony took a swallow of his drink.  He nearly
choked, while Alice drained her glass effortlessly.  She stared at him without
speaking for a time, allowing his discomfort to grow.

"So, uh, what's your name, anyway?" asked Anthony.

She ignored the question, and said, "You have a nice body.  You must work out."

"Well, yes, I..."

"Take off your shirt," she said, interrupting him.

"Excuse me?" Anthony said, with a hint of a smile.

"I want to see your chest.  Take it off," she said.

"You move fast, don't you?" he said, trying to keep his tone light.

"Look, I'm a busy woman and I don't like to waste time, so either do as I say or
get out of my apartment.  Now, take off your shirt!"

Anthony looked genuinely shocked now, and stole a glance at the door.  But
within seconds, he reached down and pulled his black designer t-shirt over his
head.  Alice had to use all her self-control to keep from gasping at the sight
of his smooth, muscled chest and washboard stomach.

"Keep it together girl," her inner voice advised, "you've got him right where
you want him."

"Not bad," she said.  "And I think you like showing off.  Now...let's see the
rest of it."

"What?" said Anthony, a hint of panic now in his voice.

"Strip," said Alice in a low, hoarse voice.  "Don't make me say it again."

He hesitated, only briefly before kicking off his shoes and starting to unbutton
his jeans.

"Slower," said Alice.  "There's no reason to rush."

Slowly he stepped out of his jeans and pulled off his socks.  He was now wearing
only a pair of snug, black boxer briefs.  An inviting bulge was beginning to
grow in the front.

"Show me," she said.

Anthony hooked his thumbs in the waistband of his briefs and slid them down. 
This time Alice did give out a little gasp.  He had a nice-sized but not overly
large cock, uncircumsized of course.  Who would dare take a sharp instrument to
that perfect body?  She smiled for the first time as he stood their looking at
her like a shy little boy.

"Now do a nice, slow turn for me baby" she said in low, husky voice.

He did, and he had, of course, the nicest, tightest little ass she'd ever seen
on a man.  "Oh yes," she thought, "you will do nicely."

When he was facing her again, she pointed toward the large living room area
further in the apartment and said "move."

There was a large, open space in the middle of the room, and Anthony noticed two
ropes hanging down from the ceiling.  They were tied to two metal rings fastened
to a beam and spaced about three feet apart.  They hung down to about the top of
his head.  He knew immediately what they were for, and walked so he was standing
directly under them.

"Good boy," said Alice.

She pulled a stool next to where he was standing and stepped up on it.  She
grabbed his hand by the wrist and tied it so that his arm was held tight above
his head.  She pulled the stool around to the other side and soon had both hands
bound above his head.

She walked to a nearby table and picked up a black silk blindfold.  She tied it
nice and snug around his head then checked to be sure it was in place.

Alice steeped back to admire her handiwork.  Here he was - the man she had been
lusting after for months, the one who seemed destined to be nothing more than a
fantasy lover who would never speak to her, naked, bound and helpless in her
living room.  "Life is good," she thought.  "Now, time to have some fun."

Without speaking she walked up behind him and placed her hands on his shoulders. 
He gave a start, then let out a sigh.  She let her hands caress his shoulders,
his back, down to his firm little ass, which she gave a squeeze.  He started
again, and she laughed.

"My, aren't we sensitive," she said.

She walked around to the front and took a nice long look.  She walked up to him
and pressed her body against his, wrapping her arms around him and pulling him
to her.  She kissed him hard on the lips.  She forced his lips apart and invaded
his mouth with her tongue.  Reaching down his back her hands found his ass again
and she pulled him into her.  He responded with a low moan and she felt his cock
press against her.

She released him and stepped back for another look.  She could tell he was ready
for more, but decided to make him wait, taking pleasure in his frustration. 
Then a thought occurred to her.

She walked behind him again, and, without any warning, slapped him hard on the
ass.

"OW!" said Anthony, jerking away from her.  "What was that for?"

SLAP!  "I'll tell you what that was for," she answered.  SLAP!

"We've practically been next door neighbors for months," SLAP! "and today was
the first time you've spoken to me."  SLAP SLAP SLAP!

His ass was starting to turn pink, but Alice noticed his erection was only
getting stronger.  She reached around and grabbed his cock with her left hand
and then delivered a dozen more blows to his backside with his right.

"I-I'm sorry," offered Anthony.

SLAP!  "You're sorry - what?"  SLAP SLAP SLAP!

"I'm sorry...Ma'am?"

Instead of hitting him again, Alice grabbed his cheek and gave it a good
squeeze.

Rubbing it, she said, "Consider this a warning.  I want you to start treating
all women with respect, whether they're attractive or not.  You will learn your
place.  You WILL learn to respect women!  Understood?!"

"Yes Ma'am!"

Alice suppressed a giggle once again.  She had no idea domination would be so
much fun.  But she had put off her own pleasure long enough.  It was time to
take this stud for a nice long ride.

She untied his hands but left his blindfold on.  Guiding him from behind, she
led him to her bedroom and ordered him to lie on his back.  More ropes were
already fastened to her bedposts, and soon she had him immobilized in a
spread-eagle position.  He wasn't going anywhere.

"I'm a little hungry," she said, climbing on top of him.  She kissed him again
on the mouth, and he responded eagerly.  The she placed little kisses and licks
and nibbles down his neck, and moved to his chest.  He squirmed and moaned as
she sucked on his nipples and she could feel he erection press hard against her
stomach.

"Now that looks tasty," she said.

And it was.  Alice attacked his cock with her tongue, licking him up and down
and back up again.  She took him in her mouth as far as she could and slid him
out again.  She was enjoying herself immensely, but she could tell from the
noises he was making and the thrusting of his hips that he was close to climax
so she sat up and looked him over again.

"Well, you look ready for a good fuck," she said matter-of-factly.

She reached over to the nightstand and grabbed the condom (her favorite brand,
ribbed for her pleasure) and rolled it onto his throbbing erection.  He was
already wiggling and moaning for release.

She slipped out of her skimpy leather outfit and jumped on top of him.  She took
him nice and slow, at her pace.  He strained against his bonds and tried to
thrust against her, but she whispered to him to be still, and he relaxed and
surrendered completely to her control.

Gradually she picked up the pace and pumped him harder and faster.  Anthony
began to cry out, and say "please" over and over again.  Just as she was
approaching orgasm, she felt him shudder and he cried out very loudly, then his
body stiffened.

"Shit," she thought to herself, "I wasn't ready!"  Then she decided that it was
just too bad...for him.

She reached down to the base of his cock and gave it a firm squeeze to keep the
blood from draining out of it.

She leaned down and whispered, "Not until I say we're done."

And then she resumed her hard, deep thrusts.  Anthony squirmed again,
uncomfortably this time.  He went rigid, as if bracing for a cold wind, but made
no sign of protest.  Within a minute, Alice had her release, and she kept
pumping until she had had her fill.  Only then did she release her grip and
Anthony finally let his body go slack.

She lay on top of him for a moment, trying to get her bearings.  She wasn't
entirely sure how she felt about all this, now that she had seen it through.  It
didn't quite feel the way she thought it would.  Usually after sex she felt very
warm, vulnerable, connected.  This was different.  More than anything she felt a
sense of accomplishment, like she had climbed a very large hill that had seemed
too daunting.  And frankly, she wasn't in the mood to cuddle.

She untied Anthony and pulled off his blindfold.  He looked happy, yet
disoriented.  He looked at her quizzically.

"That was fun," said Alice.  "Maybe we'll do it again sometime.  Now it's time
for you to go."

Anthony looked confused, then hurt, then confused again.  He stood up, took a
step towards the door, and stopped and looked back again.

"You can show yourself out," she said.  "And don't forget what I said about
being respectful.  I meant it."

Anthony nodded and said "yes Ma'am" one more time before shuffling out of the
room.  Alice heard the rustle of his clothes as he got dressed and then heard
the door slam.  She lay back on the bed and once again tried to get a handle on
her feelings.

"So this is what it feels like to be in control," she thought.  "No wonder
people get addicted to power."

She lay there for a long time without going to sleep, thinking of all the men
she could have, and all the men she no longer cared to have.



She didn't see Anthony for the next few days, nor did she care to.  Then one
night around nine o'clock there was a knock on her door.

She threw the door open and was shocked to see the curvaceous blond Anthony had
been keeping company with at the pool that day standing there, looking nervous
and out of sorts.

The first thing that went through Alice's mind was "jealous girlfriend."  She
glanced down at her hands for signs of a weapon, but her hands were empty and
she wasn't carrying a handbag.  Alice relaxed a little.

"Hi," said the girl, "My name is Erica.  I'm..."  Her voice trailed off and she
looked at her shoes.

"Yes?"  Alice offered, trying to sound nonplussed.

"I'm a friend of Anthony's.  And I'd like to talk to you," Erica said finally.

"About what?" Alice asked, her concern rising again.

"Please, may I come in?  I'm not here to make trouble.  I'd really just like to
speak with you."

There was pleading in her voice.  The girl looked as if she was about to throw
up.  Alice decided she probably presented little threat, and she was curious to
find out what this girl wanted.  She led her into her living room and offered
her a seat.

Erica seemed uncertain how to begin so she looked down at her shoes again, lost
in thought.  Alice looked her over and decided that this girl was just too
beautiful.  She just had to be completely screwed up in some other way to
compensate.  Finally Erica looked up and when she did she was crying.

"I-I'm here to talk to you about Anthony," she said haltingly, "but you probably
knew that."

"Go on," said Alice, with a sympathetic tone that surprised her.

"He and I have been seeing each other for a few months now, and I thought, I
hoped..."  Her voice trailed off again.

"I know that you and he have...been together," Erica continued.

"Oh," said Alice.  "He told you about that?"

"Well, not much, really.  Just that, he had been in your apartment, and that you
and he...were...together."

"I see," said Alice.  "And you want me to back off, is that it?"

"Well, no.  I mean yes, but that's not why I came here.  This is so hard."  She
sniffed and brushed a tear from her cheek.

Alice got her a box of Kleenex from the bathroom.  Erica dabbed at her eyes.

"What I really want to know," Erica went on, "is what you...what he...why he..."

"You want to know why he'd waste time fucking a plain Jane like me when could be
with a hot little number like yourself," Alice offered coolly.

"What?  No!  I didn't say that.  I just...well, I would like to know.  He seemed
very strange when he was talking about you.  Like something happened that made
an impression on him.  But he refused to go into detail.  And you see I think he
might be the one, you know?  I just want to know, what happened?  What did you
do to him?"

Alice regarded her for some time.  She found she didn't feel offended or
shocked.  It was an honest question, and the girl was obviously in pain.  Maybe,
she thought, there was an interesting way to resolve this.

"I'll tell you what I'm willing to do Erica.  We could talk until we're blue in
the face, but there's no way you'll understand what's going on with Anthony
unless you witness it yourself.  I'm willing to allow that."

Erica was taken aback.

"Wh-what do you mean, witness it?" she asked.

"I mean I will allow you to observe us together without his knowledge.  That way
you will know exactly what it is that I 'do to him' and you can decide for
yourself how you feel about it."

Erica was silent as she stared at Alice, wide-eyed and disconcerted.

Finally she looked down and said, "All right.  What do you want me to do?"

Alice's mind was working furiously.  She had thought this would scare the girl
away, but now she had to come up with a plan.  Fast.

"Be here on Saturday night at precisely 7:45.  I'll tell you what to do when you
get here."  That would buy her some time.

Erica agreed to come at the appointed time, although not without some obvious
trepidation.  The next day Alice went shopping, and then went to work on some
minor renovations to her bedroom.



On Saturday night, Erica rang Alice's doorbell a few minutes early.  Alice was a
little surprised, upon opening the door, to see that her standing there looking
like she was dressed for a date.  "Well," she thought to herself, "what DO you
wear to watch someone else screw you boyfriend?"  If you were Erica you
apparently wore high heels, a black mini skirt, and a tight green tank top.

Alice ushered her in and led her to the bedroom.  Erica's eyes were immediately
drawn to the various bondage devices affixed to the bedposts and the set of
"instruments" (paddles, whips, and some things she couldn't identify) that were
laid out neatly on a table near the foot of the bed.

Alice instead directed here attention the large walk-in closet with mirrored
doors that took up most of a wall to the side of the bed.

"These doors," explained Alice, "are made with two-way mirrors."

She slid one of them open and one side of the closet had been cleared out except
for a padded wooden chair sitting on the floor facing the door.

"From here you will be able to observe everything that goes on.  Silently and
unobtrusively," Alice continued.  "However, I can't be sure how you will react
to what you see, so I must take precautions to ensure everyone's safety."

"Wh-what do you mean, 'precautions'?" stammered Erica.

Alice walked to a dresser an opened a drawer, pulling out 4 short pieces of silk
rope.  Erica's eyes widened with fear.

"Now just a minute," said Erica.  "I don't see the need for that."

"I don't recall asking your opinion, Erica," Alice said sternly.  "And if you
can't abide by my rules, you can leave.  Now."

Erica looked down.  After a moment's hesitation she looked up and said "okay."

"Now," said Alice, barely suppressing a grin, "strip down to your underwear."

"What!?!?" said Erica, obviously shocked.

"It's for your own comfort.  It's going to get hot in that closet, and I'm sure
you don't want to sweat in those expensive clothes."

Erica stared at her for another long moment, and Alice stared back unblinkingly. 
Once again, Erica backed down. 

She pulled the tank top off and seemed unsure what to do with it.  Alice reached
out and took it, then put it on a hangar and hung it on the other side of the
closet.  She unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.  She was wearing a
very skimpy white lace bra and g-string set, and Alice had to admit she had the
body to pull it off.  "Another Greek statue in the making," she thought to
herself.

"Should I take off my heels?" Erica asked in a small voice.

"Hmmm...no, leave those on.  They're cute."  Alice smiled and Erica smiled back. 
There was something in her eyes that Alice thought betrayed her veneer of
innocence.

"Sit," Alice commanded, and Erica walked into the closet and lowered herself
demurely into the chair.  Alice tied her hands snugly to the arms of the chair. 
She then pulled her ankles to the legs of the chair and tied them too.

She stepped back and looked her over.  Erica seemed to be breathing hard and had
a look of eager anticipation on her face.  Alice walked to her "instrument"
table and returned with a round rubber ball and a strap with an O-ring in it.

"I'm going to have to gag you, dear," said Alice.  "Again, for everyone's
protection.  Open your mouth."

Erica hesitated only briefly this time, and then opened her mouth wide.  Alice
slipped the ball into her mouth and then fastened the gag so that it kept the
ball in place.  She regarded her "prisoner" once again.

"You could easily be the cover girl for Bondage Weekly, sweetie," Alice said
with a chuckle.  "Now enjoy the show, your man should be here any minute."

Alice slid the door closed and was left looking at her own reflection.  Tonight
she was wearing a black leather halter and thong set over fishnet stockings. 
"What a freak I've turned into," she thought as she winked through the glass at
Erica.

There was a knock at the door.

"That'll be your boyfriend," she said to the glass.  "Sit tight."

When she opened the door Anthony was grinning from ear to ear.  "I'll soon wipe
that smug smile off your face," Alice thought.

"Come in, dear," she said.  "I'm all ready for you."

She told him they'd be playing in her bedroom tonight and led him there, then
ordered him to strip.  She made sure to position him where Erica would have a
good view of him from her perch in the closet. 

When he was naked, she told him to lean over the foot of the bed.  She then
secured his wrists with restraints that were tied to the posts at the head of
the bed, which forced him to remain in a bent-over position.  Finally she tied
his ankles to the bottom of the bed posts, forcing his legs wide apart in the
process.

"Now that I have you where I want you," said Alice, "we have something to
discuss."

"Oh?" Anthony replied innocently.

"I understand you have a girlfriend, Anthony," Alice said icily.

"Oh, um, yes.  I do.  But..."

"You didn't mention that before we had sex, did you?  Don't you think that's the
kind of thing a girl ought to know?"

"Well, Mistress," Anthony said, "it really just didn't come up.  I mean, you
didn't ask."

"Wrong answer!"

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

Alice was using a long wooden paddle on him.  She hit him suddenly and without
warning with sharp, crisp blows.  Anthony twitched and cried out with each
smack, but he was unable to move or protect himself.

"Are you ashamed of yourself, boy?" Alice said menacingly.

"Y-Yes.  Mistress!" Anthony said miserably.

"Not ashamed enough!" said Alice.

She resumed paddling him, and his ass began to show distinct, paddle-shaped red
spots where each blow landed.  After at least a dozen sharp blows, she stopped
and rubbed his butt.

"You men," she said to him, "you just don't understand what it means to have
someone inside you.  How much of herself a woman gives to her lover, how
vulnerable she feels.  Hmmm."

Anthony heard her walk over to her table of instruments.  He could not see her
from his position, but he heard her move things around, and then what sounded
like small straps being buckled.  He grew nervous about what might be coming
next.

Alice walked up behind him and placed her hands on his hips.

"Tell me boy," she said, "has anyone ever had you back here?"

"What do you mean?" he asked nervously.

Alice took a step forward and Anthony felt something firm and slippery press
against his ass.

"No!" said Anthony.  "I never...I've never...what are you doing?"

Alice move forward another inch, and the strap-on she was wearing forced itself
into the entrance of Anthony's asshole.  He squirmed and tried to move forward.

"No!" he said.  "Don't do that!"

Alice laughed and slapped his ass with her hand.

"Oh don't be that way, baby," Alice said.  "I know you're gonna like this. 
Trust me."

With that she moved her hips into him and sunk the phallus a few inches into
him.  Anthony tensed up and let out a small whimper.  Alice pulled back out of
him and then pushed back in, a little deeper this time.

"Oh, it will be a little uncomfortable the first time," Alice said, while
pulling back out of him, "but you'll like it once you get used to it."

Anthony had stopped protesting but he was still very tense.

"Relax baby," Alice told him, "it will feel better if you just give in to it."

She continued thrusting against him slowly, allowing the phallus to go about
halfway into him each time.  Soon she could sense a change in Anthony, and he
started to moan softly each time she entered him.

"See baby," Alice said, "you like that don't you?"

"Yeeees," said Anthony.

Alice pushed deeper into him, and the moaning got louder.  She reached around
him and took hold of his cock, which was rock-hard.

"My, you are enjoying this, aren't you?"

Anthony replied with a low guttural moan.  Alice stroked him gently as she
thrust into his ass more and more forcefully.  Within minutes, she felt his body
tense and his cock throb as he came on her bedspread.

"Well now," she said playfully, "you are a bad boy.  I did NOT give you
permission to do that!"

"Ooooh...I'm...sorry."  Anthony said, sounding genuinely remorseful.

Alice chuckled as she pulled out of him, causing him to tense up one last time
in surprise.  She unbuckled the strap-on device and cast it aside, then released
Anthony from his bonds.  Slowly, he rose and turned to face her, looking
sheepish and more than a little embarrassed.

"That...I'm...usually...well, sorry about that," he said.

"Are you?" asked Alice, reaching down to unsnap her panties at the crotch.  "Why
don't you get down on your knees and show me just how sorry you are."

Anthony did.



Shortly thereafter, Alice was shooing him out her front door, with the excuse
that she "had some important things to take care of."

She hurried back to the bedroom, anxious to check on Erica.  She threw open the
door and found the girl still tightly bound and gagged and wearing a wide-eyed,
glassy expression.  Her forehead was damp with perspiration and her breathing
seemed shallow and labored.

Alice undid the gag and took the ball from her mouth.  She crouched down so that
their faces were level.

"How are you, sweetie?" Alice asked softly.

"I...I'm fine.  Actually, I don't know how I am," Erica said.

"Well, what did you think of it all?" Alice asked.  "Did you like watching?"

"No!" said Erica, suddenly defiant.  "I didn't like it.  It was sick!  You're
both perverts!"

Alice slapped her hard on the face.  Erica looked down and started to sob.

Alice put her hand under Erica's chin and forced her to look up at her.

"Is that what you really thought?" asked Alice.

"No," whispered Erica.  "It made me...I..."  Her voice trailed off.

Alice looked down at her panties, then stroked her crotch.  Erica jumped and
drew in her breath suddenly.

"You're soaking wet, young lady," teased Alice.  "Admit it, it turned you on!"

Erica blushed violently and looked down again, but Alice saw the flash of a
smile on her lips.  She continued stroking her through her panties.

"I want you to know, Erica, that I am not a judgmental person.  You don't have
to put up a front with me.  I only want the truth from you.  That will make me
happy.  Do you believe that?"

Erica nodded.

"Now," said Alice, "I want you to tell me what you were really thinking while I
worked over your poor, helpless boyfriend."

Erica did not hesitate, but said "I wanted to be him."

Alice did not know what she had expected Erica to say, but it wasn't this.  Now
she had to decide how to respond.  Alice had never had any particular sexual
curiosity about being with a woman, but it was apparent that Erica was in great
need.  Somehow that itself did excite Alice's curiosity.  She decided to go with
the flow.

She untied her lovely prisoner, who was by now trembling with excitement, and
helped her to her feet.

"Okay my lovely little slut," said Alice, "why don't you show me what you have
to offer me?  Strip off those sexy little undies, and do it nice and slow."

Erica did not hesitate, but reached around and unhurriedly unhooked her bra and
then shrugged it off and let it fall to the floor.  Her breasts were (of course)
firm and perfectly shaped.  She wiggled out of her damp panties and Alice told
her to turn around.  "Damn," thought Alice as she gazed at her exquisitely firm
backside, "another Greek statue in the making."

Erica turned around to face her again.  Alice was surprised that she didn't feel
the slightest trace of jealousy as she drank in Erica's toned, tanned body.  She
was feeling something else entirely - the desire to bend another willing soul to
her desire.  To fill a need that they shared.

Alice picked up the strap-on and handed it to Erica, instructing her to go into
the bathroom and clean it thoroughly with soap and water.  Erica nodded and
hurried out of the room smiling, like a child with an exciting new toy.

Alice pulled the soiled bedspread off the bed and threw it aside.  Within
minutes, Erica came bounding back into the room and offered the strap-on up for
inspection.

"Very good, dear," Alice said to her.  "Now why don't you put it on me."

Erica bent down and put it into place.  Her hands were trembling as she buckled
the straps around Alice's legs and waist.  The attached phallus was black and
shining and angled up slightly.  Erica stared at it for a moment and then looked
into Alice's eyes.

"Okay young lady, down on the bed, just like your boyfriend," Alice commanded.

Erica walked to the bed and bent herself over.  Alice fastened her wrists so
that her arms were out in front of her and then fixed her ankles to the bottom
bed posts.  This time she didn't have to force the legs apart, they were already
spread wide.  She stepped back to admire the scene.

"Now that, I must admit, is a world-class ass," Alice taunted.  "I'll bet it
drives men wild to see you wiggle that thing, doesn't it?"

"I...suppose so, yes," Erica replied.

"You suppose so?  Ha!"

Alice slapped her hard on her right cheek.  Erica jumped, and then moaned
lustily.

"I know better than that, you little tramp.  You love the attention," Alice
said.  "I'll bet you know just how to wiggle it, too."

Alice smacked her quickly on each cheek 4 or 5 times, and Erica squealed and
writhed in her bonds.  Alice could see that her breathing was getting quicker.

"Show me how you wiggle it, baby," Alice said as she swatted her again.

Erica wiggled as best she could, given her situation.  Alice giggled and
continued spanking her.

"Face it, Erica, you're just a naughty girl that likes to tease poor, helpless
men.  And do you know what I do with naughty girls?"

"You spank them?" Erica said in a whisper.

Alice had picked up her paddle and now brought it to rest on Erica's exposed
ass.  Erica drew in her breath and her body stiffened.

"That's right my lovely little slut, I spank them."

Alice raised the paddle and brought it down lightly.

"You need a spanking, don't you girl?"

She smacked her a little harder.

"Yes!" said Erica.

Smack!  "Say it out loud girl!"  Smack!  "Tell me what you need!"

"I need to be spanked!  Please, please spank me Mistress!"

Alice did.  She worked her over thoroughly, though not hitting her as hard as
she had hit Anthony.  It was obvious Erica was very sensitive and Alice knew
less force was needed to bring the girl to the place she needed to be.  Soon
Erica's ass and upper thighs were a nice, deep shade of pink, and the girl was
crying and begging for mercy.

Alice put the paddle down and lightly guided her hands over Erica's stinging
ass.  It was warm to the touch and Erica wriggled helplessly in her bonds. 
Alice leaned in until the phallus was pressing lightly between Erica's legs. 
Erica stopped moving and went rigid again.

"Now then, I think you've learned your lesson, at least for now," Alice said. 
"I think it's time for your reward."

Alice guided the phallus into Erica's pussy, easing it in slowly, inch by inch. 
Erica remained rigid but now began moaning loudly.

"Oh...oh...yesss," Erica breathed.

Alice placed her hands on Erica's hips.  "So this is what it feels like to take
a woman," she thought.  "It's very different than taking a man."

Erica was now nearly hysterical with desire, every bit as turned on as her
boyfriend had been in this position.  Alice did not think it wise to toy with
her, but began easing in and out of her fully with slow steady strokes.  Erica
eagerly accepted each one, and even attempted to drive the instrument in deeper
by thrusting back on it.

Alice was a bit surprised when Erica came quickly and violently, her body
quaking and long, drawn-out curses escaping from her lips.  She continued
thrusting against her until she was still and quiet again.  When she pulled out,
Erica lay motionless and quiet on the bed, utterly spent.

Alice tenderly released her from her bonds and then got on the bed herself and
pulled the girl into her arms.  For a time they held each other tightly and said
nothing.

Then Erica said, "I want to tell you something.  Something I've never told
anyone."

"Okay," said Alice in an even tone.

Erica looked at her and said, "I had a girlfriend once.  By girlfriend, I mean a
lover.  It was in college.  She was my roommate.  I was a freshman and she was a
junior.  I was so young and scared to be away from home and she was so sweet to
me and, well, it just happened."

"She actually had a boyfriend at the time," she continued, "He didn't know about
us, and later that year she moved in with him, and neither of us ever spoke
about it again."

"Go on, dear," Alice said.

"Well, like I said, it was only that one time, but I was brought up to believe
that sort of thing was sinful and evil and...I guess it's been sort of an
unspoken shame for so long.  But at the time it didn't feel that way."

"How did it feel?" Alice asked.

Erica seemed to consider that for a moment, then she smiled.

"Nice.  Warm.  Safe.  And she really, really knew how to make me feel good.  I
think I've always been more upset about losing her than I've ever been able to
admit to myself."

"I can understand that," said Alice.  "And why do you bring it up now?"

Erica smiled even wider now. 

"Well, if you wouldn't mind," she said, "I'd like to make love to you."

Alice thought about this and found that she had no real reason to refuse.  She
realized that she was rapidly losing any sense of concern about what society had
taught her about sexual roles and acceptable behavior and besides, the girl
seemed to need this.  Why refuse her?

"Show me what you learned in college," Alice told her.

Erica slowly undressed Alice, carefully unhooking her top and gracefully sliding
her panties off.  She then climbed on top of her and kissed her lightly on the
lips.  Alice was surprised how natural it felt, how light the girl felt on top
of her, how the touch of her long hair on her neck made her shiver.

They kissed for a long time, gradually exploring each other with lips and
tongues.  The Erica moved lower and kissed Alice's neck.  Alice closed her eyes
and forgot all about gender, and roles, and jealousy.  She only felt pleasure
and peace, there were no thoughts.

She reached up and grabbed the slats of the bedpost as Erica continued working
her way down her body.  After that she forgot everything, and slipped into a
dream world where time and place lost their hold on her, and she didn't return
until a violent eruption of pleasure brought her crashing back down into her
bed.



Erica was lying with her head on Alice's chest now, quiet again.  Alice became
aware of a dampness on her breast, and realized Erica was crying again.

"What's wrong, darling?" Alice asked her.

Erica turned her face towards Alice.

"Nothing," she said.  "I'm always crying.  Right now I'm crying because I'm
happy.  I don't know if I've ever felt this relaxed.  Do you mind?"

"Of course not," said Alice, stroking her hair.  "Cry all you want.  After what
you did to me, I'd let you set fire to my apartment if you wanted."

Erica laughed and wiped her eyes.

"Then I assume it's okay if I stay with you tonight," she said.

"It is absolutely okay," said Alice.

"I think you'll find I have a very nice way of saying 'good morning,'" Erica
said, her eyes flashing.

They both giggled and Alice hugged her tighter.  Suddenly Erica sat up.

"Oh my God!" she said.

"What is it?" Alice asked her.

"Anthony!  What are we going to do about Anthony?  All this would be...such a
shock to him."

Alice laughed again.

"I hadn't thought about that.  Well, I expect we'll do whatever we please with
him, won't we?  And he'll like it."

Erica's eyes widened and then she giggled again and lay back on Alice's chest.

Alice yawned.

"Now let's go to sleep," she said.  "Tomorrow we can come up with a plan for
springing this on your boyfriend at a most inopportune time."

Erica giggled in agreement and snuggled up to Alice.  Very soon she was
sleeping, her breathing slow and easy.  Alice lay for a time listening to her
sleep and looking through her bedroom curtains, which allowed in just a little
sparkle from the stars of the late summer sky.

"So this is what it's like to live without being afraid," she thought to
herself, and then sank slowly into a deep, dreamless sleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  solivagus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





