BDSM Library - Chinese Extremes




Chinese Extremes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Phil goes to China to compete in a karate tournament, but gets captured by a Chinese general who turns Phil into a super-submissive sissy-slave.
Chinese extremes
by 2NN 

Chapter 1 
Phil had been looking forward to the competition for weeks and
now that it was over, he felt slightly disappointed. Not that he really
had anything to be disappointed about. He had advanced to the third
round in the Karate tournament where he had met an admittedly better
opponent. So it wasn't that he was disappointed about his result (or at
least he knew he shouldn't be), but considering the time it had taken
him to prepare for the event, it was over all too soon. Now all that was
left in the tournament for Phil to do was to watch the final rounds from
the sidelines. The rest of the team was also out of the competition, so
there was a large group of Americans watching the tournament wishing
they had advanced a little further. 

Phil Green was a part-time Karate instructor. He owned a small business
and as it is with such things, it took up a lot of his time. So when
there was a planned lull in business and the chance arose to go China to
compete in Karate, Phil had grabbed that chance. It had been a long time
since his last vacation and going head to head with the kind of
competition he was likely to meet in China was a challenge he simply
couldn't pass up. 

Watching the final fights proved very interesting, but soon that too was
over and it was time for the group to go home. But not for Phil. Phil
had decided that now that he was here it would be a shame not to do a
bit of sightseeing. The tournament had been held in one of the shiny new
arenas made for the upcoming Olympics in Beijing and had in itself been
a sight to see, but Beijing had so much more to offer. There were trips
to the Great Wall, the Forbidden City and all the temples. 

It was on the grounds of the Temple of Heaven that Phil met The General.
The Temple of Heaven was a huge complex consisting of exclusively
circular buildings, the circle being the symbol of Heaven. Phil was
standing on the causeway leading south from the main temple when a man
came up to him and spoke: "Mr. Green isn't it?" the man asked in a deep
and cultured voice with a slight trace of British accent. Phil turned to
see who was addressing him. It was a Chinese man who was not quite as
tall as Phil, but still of respectable height. He was in his fifties and
quite handsome, with a charming smile and he wore an obviously expensive
suit. Standing unobtrusively in the background were four men Phil
realized were probably bodyguards. 

The man actually looked vaguely familiar, but Phil couldn't quite place
him. "I'm sorry," Phil said questioningly, "but I'm not sure we have
met." The man smiled disarmingly and said: "No Mr. Green, we haven't met
formally, but I watched all of your matches a few days ago." Suddenly
Phil was able to place the man. He had been sitting in the best seats in
the house; wearing expensive clothes like you wore a uniform and
watching the fights with great interest. He had had a large group of
people with him: his bodyguards, a bunch of cronies and an extremely
beautiful woman sitting right behind him. Phil remembered the woman. She
had been a Caucasian with snow-white hair and almost translucent skin.
She had been dressed in a stunning silk dress that clung to her every
fabulous curve. Everybody ogled her, men as well as women. People could
hardly tear their gaze away from her, yet she never seemed to notice.
Her attention seemed focused exclusively on the man who now stood
talking to Phil. She had sat on the row right behind him, her back
straight, her legs together and her hands clasped demurely in her lap,
her posture somehow submissive. 

That woman was simultaneously the reason Phil remembered the man and the
reason he couldn't quite place him. He suddenly remembered someone
telling him that the man was a former general, who was now some kind of
super-influential powerbroker. Now that Phil did notice him, he saw that
The General was a quite handsome man. Phil had for years harbored a
special kind of homosexual fantasies, fantasies of being dominated by
the right man, fantasies of being forced to be feminine and forced to
serve sexually as a woman. He had never acted any of these fantasies
out, had indeed never had a homosexual relationship, but from time to
time he found himself looking at other men and finding them very
attractive, usually men who radiated power and control. And this man
certainly did that. He had spoken only two sentences, yet Phil knew that
he was a man used to getting what he wanted. Briefly the thought of
being fucked and dominated by this man popped into Phil's mind, only to
be banished as all such thoughts were. 

Phil found his voice and replied: "Oh, sure you are the gentleman
sitting in best seats in the house." The General laughed politely at
this and said: "I'm a man used to getting the best in life, used to
getting my way. I'm General Wang. Pleased to meet you Mr. Green."
"Pleased to meet you general," Phil replied, "What can I do for you?" 

The General clearly wasn't a man to waste time and he got straight to
the point: "I am myself a black belt in Karate, and seeing you just now
I got a splendid idea. How about a match Mr. Green? I have extensive
facilities at my disposal and after our little fight I would be honored
if you would join me for dinner. I am sure that I could show you parts
of town you will never see as a tourist. So how about it?" Phil was a
little uncomfortable with the whole thing. It was a little too sudden,
but on the other hand he couldn't see what he had to loose by it. It
might be quite fun. The General took his indecision as acceptance:
"Excellent. Give my man here the name of your hotel and I'll have you
picked up tomorrow. Shall we say ten o'clock? Good. I'll see you
tomorrow." Before Phil had time to do anything but nod in a slightly
shell-shocked manner, The General turned on his heel and left. A smaller
Chinese man approached Phil and asked for the name and location of his
hotel. Phil gave it without question; such had been the impact of The
General. He hadn't been joking when he said he was used to getting his
way. As Phil saw them leave, he couldn't help but feel a little excited.
An extra fight would be good and so would seeing the town with a local,
but what really excited Phil was The General. He felt a definite
attraction there. Not for the last time that day images of him being
fucked by The General while wearing something feminine rose unbidden in
his mind. 

So it was with more than the usual pre-fight nerves that Phil stood in
front of the hotel the next morning a couple of minutes to ten. At ten
sharp a very large, black Mercedes limousine pulled up to the curb right
next to him and a chauffeur jumped out to let him in, clearly knowing
who he was. 

The drive was not long, ending on the outskirts of the diplomatic
neighborhood at an exclusive and very forbidding complex. The streets
were quiet, tree-lined and pleasant looking. But the complex itself was
more like a very well guarded army base. It had wall at least twenty
feet high, topped with barbed wire and broken glass. Access was through
a huge iron gate, guarded by four heavily armed guards. Behind the walls
was a garden and at the back lay a huge mansion. The Mercedes pulled up
to the house and before Phil could even reach for the door; it was
opened by an uniformed butler of some kind. The butler led Phil inside,
showing him the locker room and explaining that The General would be
with him shortly. 

Just as Phil had finished undressing, The General showed up in the
locker room. For Phil it was awkward moment as they said hello, Phil
completely naked and The General dressed in a very elegant suit. Not
that The General seemed to mind. As they let go of each other's hands,
The General let his eyes wander over Phil's naked body, clearly enjoying
the sight. It made Phil blush and he turned to hide the erection he
could feel coming on. He told himself to forget it, that he was here for
a friendly fight and nothing else. 

That was the line The General clearly took as they went in to the next
room, to the most exclusive private fighting arena he had ever seen.
Everything in the room spelled wealth and taste. The room was lit by
soft indirect sunlight and he and The General had the room to
themselves. 

After a thorough warm-up, they went at it. It quickly became painfully
clear that Phil was no match for The General. Although he was twenty
years younger than Phil, he was faster, stronger and had superior
technique. As he tried parrying the blows and failed miserably, Phil
thought that The General was easily better than the winner of the
tournament he had just fought and lost in. He was easily the best
fighter Phil had ever met and he began wondering why he had wanted to
fight Phil, when it was so painfully clear that Phil was no match for
him. 

Still, The General insisted they go on fighting and soon Phil was
sweating profusely as he tried resisting The General. It was no use. The
fighting ended when The General drove Phil all the way over to a
cupboard along the far wall and scored such a hit that it drove Phil to
his knees, his wind knocked out of him. They had agreed to only mark the
scoring blows, so Phil was surprised when The General kicked him without
pulling the punch. As Phil raised his hand to indicate that he gave up,
The General moved in quickly and pulled the top of Phil's gi down over
his arms, pinning them to his body. Then he grabbed Phil's short, blonde
hair, pulled his head back and kissed Phil deeply. He held Phil tightly
and explored Phil's mouth in a way it had never been explored before.
Phil tried to fight it, tried to object, but The General was too strong,
Phil was too weak and besides, wasn't this what he had wanted all along?

When The General pulled back, he grabbed Phil by the throat and spat
down in his upturned face: "You are just a slave slut waiting to be
taken, aren't you? A weak and perverted round-eye, just longing to be
taken." Things were moving way too fast and Phi started to object, but
The General cut him off with a vicious blow to the solar plexus. All air
and strength went out of Phil and he fell to the ground, fighting for
air. The General certainly didn't waste any time. He removed the top of
Phil's gi, gathered Phil's arms behind him and got something from the
nearby cupboard. It turned out to be two pairs of handcuffs, one for
Phil's elbows and one for his wrists. 

By now Phil had regained some of his strength and started to object,
trying to tell The General that he had gotten the wrong impression and
that they should just stop now. The General laughed derisively: "I have
the wrong impression, have I now?" he snorted, "You were just begging to
be taken. I am in fact giving you what you have always wanted. I will
give you much, much more than you want later, but for now I'm just
fulfilling your fantasy." Before Phil could object further, he formed a
noose out of Phil's belt and looped it around his throat and pulled it
so tight Phil could only breathe in a thin wheeze. Then The General
removed the rest of Phil's clothing: his pants, his jockstrap and the
cup protecting his genitals. His hands lingered, stroking the inside of
Phil's thighs with surprising gentleness, letting his fingers linger on
Phil's cock. Still holding Phil's cock, The General leaned in and kissed
Phil again. With his hands bound behind his back and his breath almost
cut off, Phil couldn't fight it, but in truth it was doubtful if he
would have fought The General even if he had been able. Instead he
responded to the kiss as he felt himself get rock-hard in The General's
gifted hands. 

Phil moaned as The General pulled away. Then he flipped Phil over so
that his face and knees rested on the floor, his ass pointing invitingly
upwards. The General controlled Phil with the belt around his throat as
he spread Phil's legs and buttocks, lubed up his ass and entered him
from behind. Phil had never had anything up his ass and at first he
fought him, trying to clamp his ass tightly together as his hands
scratched ineffectually against The General's abdomen. This stopped when
The General gave a vicious warning tug on the belt, cutting his breath
off altogether. Only when Phil stopped resisting, did he loosen the
noose and Phil took a deep grateful breath as he let The General have
his way with him. 

No matter how hard he tried denying it, it was a fantastic fuck. The
General's cock was very large and filled Phil up in a way that was both
very painful and very pleasurable. In fact it was better than he had
dreamed of. As he found the rhythm, The General reached around and
grabbed Phil's painfully erect cock and began manipulating it. His touch
alone made Phil moan loudly with passion and after a few minutes he was
screaming like a bitch in heat, telling The General to fuck him harder,
to fuck him senseless. That was exactly what The General did and long
before The General came, Phil had the most glorious orgasm of his life,
screaming as his cock pumped out an amazing amount of cum. In fact Phil
managed to get rock hard again before The General came, so he actually
sighed longingly as The General withdrew from his ass. Once he was out,
The General pushed Phil onto his side saying: "What a slut." Phil
cringed with shame as he felt The General's cum leaking out of his
battered ass, running over his buttocks and onto the floor. 

The General left Phil on the floor and went to the cupboard to get some
things. It was only a minute or so before he knelt down next to Phil's
face, grabbed Phil by the hair and forced him to look into his face:
"Now listen to me, you useless Western wannabe-slut. I have decided that
you are going to be one of my sissy-slaves." Phil started at this, but
said nothing. How could he know about his deepest darkest fantasies? The
General smiled at the Phil's start, but simply continued: "Life as you
have known it so far is over for you. You are now going to disappear
without a trace. Oh, the police will find a body and they will declare
it to be yours and that you died in an accident, but you will live the
rest of your life as property. My property." This was way too much and
Phil objected: "No! You can't do...AHHHHH!" He finished in a scream as
The General took a small cattle prod-like stick and shocked Phil's
genitals. The pain was unbelievable and it filled his universe as The
General leaned in close and said: "You will never again tell me what I
can and cannot do, understand?" To make sure that Phil understood, he
lifted the cattle prod again and Phil babbled panicky little sounds
indicating that he would obey. "Good," The General said, "From now on
you will call me Master always. I am your owner and you are my property.
In time you may become a pretty sissy-slave, but for now you are just a
filthy little faggot." 

With that he started putting the items he had fetched to use. First he
put Phil's feet in a pair of shiny, black Oxfords with pencil thin,
six-inch metal stilettos. They were very stiff and had very pointed toes
and they hurt his feet badly even as he lay down. Next Master sealed
Phil's hands inside black, rubber mittens that turned his hands into
useless cone-like shapes. Then came a broad black collar around his
throat and finally Master inserted a huge ring-gag in Phil's mouth. He
really had to work to squeeze it in, but once in place it wrenched
Phil's jaws apart almost to the point of dislocating them. The General,
whom Phil would call Master for the rest of his life, then helped him
stand. He took a thin leather cord and tied it painfully around Phil's
scrotum and used it as a leash as he led Phil from the room. The pain in
his feet was terrible and he stumbled along in the unfamiliar footwear,
but he had no choice but to follow. Master made sure he kept up with
little tugs on the leash, sending waves of pain up through Phil's
tightly tied genitals. 

Master led Phil into the locker room where he tied his leash to a
radiator as he showered. Phil had no choice but to stand and wait, his
feet killing him, as Master took a long shower. When Master came out of
the shower Phil was drooling down his own chest, something that made him
look down in shame as Master laughed at it. Phil watched helplessly as
Master dressed, occasionally pausing to slap or fondle Phil's ass.
Embarrassingly both turned Phil on. 

After dressing Master led Phil back into the private arena. He picked up
a bamboo stick and turned to Phil: "Now slut, it is time you learned to
walk properly in those heels. All my feminine slaves wear stilettos all
the time and I simply can't stand sluts without an elegant walk. So get
started, useless, round-eyed whore!" With that Phil started the first of
many painful lessons in how best to please The General. The General
demanded perfection in all movements, that Phil move his legs smoothly
and elegantly and that he put his feet down gracefully in front of each
other, while ensuring that his ass swayed enticingly. Phil had
fantasized about wearing heels, but never actually done so and learning
proved painful. Very painful. 

They went on for hours and every little mistake was punished. Phil's
whole body was soon covered with burning red welts as the merciless
bamboo stick found his sensitive skin again and again. After an hour
Phil actually started crying from pain and fear, further humiliating
him. Every now and then The General would force him to his knees and
either fuck his ass or make Phil blow him. Whenever The General took
Phil from behind, pounding his massive cock up Phil's tender but
receptive ass, he made sure to reach around and give Phil an expert
handjob. In spite of the pain and humiliation, or perhaps because of it,
the intensity of his orgasms made his mind go almost blank. Evening came
and the training continued without pause, Phil began to feel a need to
please The General, to do precisely as he said. Avoiding punishment was
a big part of it, but the orgasms were beginning to condition Phil to
lust even more after The General than he had before. 

As darkness fell Phil was completely exhausted. His walk had now
attained many of the feminine and enticing qualities demanded of The
General, but he wasn't quite there yet. Disgusted with his slave's
inadequate performance, Master tied a leash around Phil's genitals and
yanked viscously on it as he led him out of the private fighting arena.
Phil followed as best he could, his ass already swaying nicely and his
feet moving much more gracefully than before. He had long since stopped
trying to break free of the handcuffs and his arms simply hung limply
down his back. One thing that wasn't limp, however, was his cock. It
stood at full mast, throbbing and hard, just waiting for its Master's
attention. Phil tried willing it to get down, but the mere thought of
Master was already enough to insure an erection. 

Master led Phil into the kitchen. It was huge and in effect a restaurant
kitchen. Master approached the chef, a man in a very white uniform, gave
him the leash to Phil's genitals and some orders Phil didn't understand.
Then he left Phil with the chef. The man certainly didn't waste any
time. He turned Phil around, threw his upper body across a table and
fucked him from behind. He wasn't nearly as large as Master and he
certainly didn't give Phil a reach-around, but Phil was still shocked at
how much he liked being fucked. It was disturbing. Just this morning he
had never had anything up his ass and now he was practically begging to
get fucked. 

After fucking him the chef pushed Phil to the floor, forcing him to
kneel in a corner. Then he put two bowls in front of him: one with water
and another with a disgusting smelling soup. Although Phil didn't
understand a word the man said, it was quite clear that he had better
finish both bowls. Eating, or rather drinking, proved quite hard since
the ring-gag made it impossible to close his mouth or even purse his
lips. He had to suck up the liquid with his mouth wide open, which could
only be done with great effort and difficulty. When he had finally
finished both bowls, a lot of their contents had been spilled on the
floor. The chef didn't take kindly to this. Again he threw Phil across
the table, his ass pointing up, and spanked his ass long and hard with
some kind of wooden spoon. It was surprisingly painful, especially since
his ass was already raw from the bamboo stick Master had used. Of course
the chef finished by once again fucking the sobbing slave before letting
him drop to the floor and shoving him into a corner. 

Phil was left in the corner while the chef prepared The General's
evening meal. After serving it, his attention returned to Phil. He
started by pulling him to his feet and marching across the kitchen to a
small area with a comfortable char in it. The chef pulled down his
pants, sat down and pointed his cock upwards. Then he motioned Phil over
to stand between his legs, his back to the chef. The man then grabbed
Phil by the hips and made him sit down on his cock, being very careful
to guide it in properly. When Phil tried getting a wide stance, the man
slapped his ass hard. He clearly wanted Phil to keep his legs together.
Sliding down on the man's cock was nice and when he was in to the hilt,
the chef made Phil begin a gentle bouncing movement, up and down while
he held Phil's hips so he didn't fall off to either side. Once again he
was surprised at how much he liked getting fucked like this. This time,
however, the chef was far more considerate and as they both found the
rhythm he reached around and began stroking Phil's cock. Phil actually
squealed with delight, a sound so embarrassing that he instantly
blushed, but it didn't stop him from getting even more excited or from
emitting a new squeal only a minute later, this time so lost in the
feeling that he didn't even notice. Soon thereafter he came in yet
another massive orgasm and his writhing made the chef cum too. 

After cuming the chef sat Phil down gently on the floor between his
legs, where Phil with only slight encouragement licked his cock clean
with a dreamy look of satisfaction on his face. Things were moving way
to fast for him and he was overwhelmed, unable to think clearly, to
object as he deep down knew he should. The sensation of being fucked and
the feeling of being owned were far better than he had ever suspected,
better and wilder than he had even dreamed of. 

After a while the chef's cock got hard and this time Phil blew him
without the slightest bit of encouragement. When Master came to get Phil
after his dinner, he and the chef shared some remarks in Chinese, ending
in a bout of derisive laughter, clearly aimed at Phil. He blushed and
looked down in shame, but didn't even think to object. The strong and
independent Karate instructor of less than twelve hours ago had all but
vanished and was rapidly being replaced by a submissive slut. 

The General led his new slave into his bedroom and Phil actually found
his heart pounding with expectation as he thought of the possibility of
sleeping with Master. As Master entered the bedroom a stunningly
beautiful Caucasian woman greeted them, the same woman who had sat just
behind Master at the Karate tournament. Her skin was snow white and her
hair was blonde. Her lips were full and red and she was dressed in a
black silk dress with a high neck and short sleeves. The dress was very
short, ending just below her buttocks and on her feet were black
seven-inch stilettos. Her waist was so slender that she had to wear a
very constricting corset. She had been standing at attention, her face
demurely down, just waiting for Master right inside the door. She
promptly scampered over to him, dropped to her knees and lowered her
face to kiss his shoe as she whispered something Chinese in a voice
filled with pure adoration and love. After kissing his feet her head
remained bowed and Master let her stay like that as he led Phil to the
foot of the bed. Here he made Phil kneel and loosely looped his leash
around the bedpost. Taking no notice of the beautiful woman who remained
kneeling with her head bowed, Master went into his private bathroom to
prepare for the night. Master took his time in the bathroom, but the
woman didn't move a muscle while he was away. She mesmerized Phil and he
in turn remained completely still. 

When Master returned he came over to stand towering over Phil and
without looking at the woman he barked some orders in Chinese at her. He
continued: "I will now let you see what you are to become. It will
require a lot of effort on your part and rest assured that the slightest
misstep or even a hint of lacking effort on your part will result in
most painful punishment, but in the end you will be like Xue here." 

In the meantime Xue had undressed and now came to stand beside Master.
Undressed she was even more beautiful. Her perfect breasts, large but
not vulgarly so, had small aureoles and long, thick nipples, which were
now very erect. She still wore her shoes and around her waist, as Phil
had guessed, was a brutal corset. She wasn't a woman though. Xue was a
shemale. Between her legs hung a cock imprisoned in a tiny chastity
tube, preventing her from getting hard. Not for want of trying though.
Her cock was visibly straining against its prison and from its tip hung
a drop of pre-cum. 

Phil could hardly take his gaze away from her crotch. Of all his dirty,
little sexual fantasies, being transformed forcibly into a shemale was
the one that excited him most. Before he could think any further Master
spoke: "I am going to turn you into a super-feminine sissy and I will
use any means possible. It will be painful, but since you will be the
one experiencing the pain it is of no matter." 

Master left Phil sitting gaping at Xue and the outline of his future as
given to him. He went to lie down on the bed, leaving Xue standing in
the same spot since she had not been given an order to move. At that
moment a question just popped out of Phil's mouth aimed at Xue, although
it was garbled by his gag it was clear enough: "What is it like being
such a beautiful sissy-slave?" Xue's eyes registered no comprehension at
all and behind them Master chuckled: "Xue is an American by birth like
yourself, but she doesn't know that anymore. Her training was so brutal
and comprehensive that she now remembers nothing about where she came
from. Indeed she doesn't even speak English anymore. She now only
understands Chinese. Now shut up and let me get some sleep." The Master
said something in Chinese and Xue scampered to him with a smile on her
face radiating pure love. 

The night was extremely frustrating for Phil. Not only was he cold and
uncomfortable bound and gagged as he was, but he was also very horny.
Listening to Xue pleasing Master didn't make it better, but at least her
chastity device was not removed and she was not allowed to cum. In the
end as the noise died down, Phil was able to get a few hours of fretful
sleep on the cold floor. 




Chapter 2
When he woke up, it was like waking from a very vivid dream.
Oddly enough he quickly accepted that it had not been a dream, but he
did find the determination that had been missing the day before. It may
have been a longtime sexual fantasy of his to be feminized against his
will, but in the real world it couldn't happen. He had a life back home
and he had to get free. As he began squirming towards the door in the
hope of finding some kind of way out of his bonds, he discovered that he
had a most embarrassing erection, one that did not exclusively come from
his need to pee. Apparently he still thought the situation very sexy.
The leash easily came off the bedpost and he was able to move across the
floor towards the door. 

He didn't get far, however, before he heard the sound of Master's
footsteps coming across the floor. "So you woken up to discover that you
want out after all?" Master's sneering voice said, coming from somewhere
above his head. As he turned to look Master grabbed his shoulder and
flipped him onto his back. With his left hand he grabbed the leash to
Phil's cock, stretching it until Phil whined with pain. In his right
hand was a bamboo cane. Before he began he said: "Never, ever try to
escape. Never, ever try to disobey, you useless round-eyed slut! You are
mine now and you had better remember that." Then he used the came to
deliver a series of extremely painful blows to Phil's exposed testicles.
At first the pain was so bad that he couldn't even scream, but after ten
blows or so he began screaming and crying like a silly bitch. When
Master finally stopped Phil tried begging, but all that came out through
his ring-gag were whining gurgles. Master responded by slapping him in
the face until he shut up. Then he flipped him over again and entered
him from behind. 

The fucking was furious this time, with Master thrusting in and out of
Phil as if he tried stabbing him with his cock. For the first time
Master's fucking felt like a rape, like he was still punishing Phil, a
feeling that was further enhanced when Master grabbed Phil's balls and
slowly began squeezing them together until Phil began screaming again,
this time a desperate high-pitched whine. Paradoxically this brutal rape
turned Phil on. He didn't understand it, couldn't understand it, but it
actually made him lust for Master and brought back the delicious feeling
of being owned. His genitals were still too tender to get hard, but he
felt a definite stirring as Master pounded into him, never letting the
pressure off his balls so that Phil spent the entire fucking whining
pitifully. As Master came he used his other hand to grab Phil's hair and
force his head painfully back as he screamed insults into Phil's face
and squeezed Phil's balls even more brutally than before. His orgasm
lasted for a long, long time and when he finally let go of Phil, Phil
collapsed on the floor, rolling up into a ball as he continued to whine.
The pain was unbelievable, but the brutal fucking had reestablished the
order from the day before; that Phil was on his way to becoming a
sissified slave slut and that he actually looked forward to the
prospect, albeit with fear and dread. 

For now Master left him to get ready for the day. On his way to the
bathroom he gave Xue an order and soon she appeared kneeling by Phil's
side. She bent forward and ever so gently enfolded his bruised and
beaten cock in her amazingly soft mouth. The feeling was sexy in the
extreme, but Phil was still hurting too badly to get hard. It didn't
seem like that was what she wanted either as she took her lips away from
him to say something to him. Since she spoke Chinese, he understood
nothing and with a little moue of frustration she again took him in her
mouth. Then, holding him with one hand, she used the other one to find a
spot in his crotch, beneath his balls somewhere on the bundle of nerves
sitting close to the surface there. With her nails she suddenly pinched
a very small spot viciously and just like that Phil lost control of his
bladder. Unable to even slow the flow down he let go, flooding her mouth
with a river of piss. It seemed that this was what she had tried to tell
him, for she was ready for it, easily swallowing all of his piss. As she
drained him for urine he realized how much he had needed to pee and
marveled at how Master seemingly already knew so much about his bodily
functions. 

When his bladder was completely empty, Xue released he grip on the spot
and on his cock, letting his limp member slide out of her mouth. Then
she crawled over to a spot just outside the bathroom door, slightly to
the right so that she wasn't in the way. Here she knelt with her
forehead pressed to the floor, waiting for Master without moving a
muscle. 

After dressing Master took his two slaves, Phil still tied up the same
way he had been since the day before and Xue still naked except for her
corset, her heel and her chastity device, into a dining room where
breakfast was set for him an his slaves. Master ate at the table while
Xue and Phil ate from bowls set out on the floor. Once breakfast was
over, it was time to leave. First Xue was made ready for the trip. A
truly enormous dildo was forced down her throat, held in place by a
strap around her neck. She was only able to breathe through a small hole
down the center of the dildo. When it was all the way in, Xue stood with
tears in her eyes, her throat convulsing silently as she tried to
adjust. To complement this an equally monstrous butt-plug was shoved up
her ass; an action that looked like made Xue dizzy with delight. Then
she was tied up in a black, rubber straightjacket, which held her arms
tight to her body and had a very broad and solid-looking strap going
through her crotch, holding her monster butt-plug in place and
compressing her already imprisoned genitals most uncomfortably. Finally
her head was sealed inside a thick, black rubber hood. Just before the
hood obscured her face, Phil saw that she had a dreamy look on her face
as she clearly enjoyed being Master's sissy slave, tied up tightly. 

A leash was attached to Xue's collar and then Master led her and Phil
out of the house. Phil had acquired some measure of skill in walking in
his stilettos, but down stairs was still difficult. In the end though,
Phil stood next to the Mercedes limousine that was waiting to take him
to his new life. He wanted to rebel, to yell out, but who would react?
The bodyguards just eyed him contemptuously as one of them opened the
door. Two other bodyguards had already tied Xue's legs together and put
her into the trunk, where they restricted her movement further by
strapping her thighs to her calves and the folding her upper body down,
balling her up as straps went around her back and under her legs. As the
lid of the trunk closed she was nothing more than a ball of black, bound
rubber 

But just as Master and Phil were about to enter the car, a man ran down
the stairs and said something to The General. It looked urgent because
Master shouted some orders in Chinese to the bodyguards and followed the
man into the house again. The orders made all the bodyguards smile and
look expectantly at Phil. One of them grabbed Phil's leash as all of
them moved towards a small building next to the main house. They moved
at a brisk pace and Phil struggled to keep up, mincing along in his
stilettos. Xue was simply left in the trunk of the car. 

Inside the building was a large, almost empty room with some chairs and
a table. The guards wasted no time and very soon Phil was bent over
being fucked up the ass by one guard, while another fucked his face. As
the cock in his mouth began shooting its load, it was shoved down Phil's
throat forcing him to swallow, while denying him breath. The jism just
kept coming and soon Phil was out of air and he began thrashing
hopelessly to break free. Breaking free was out of the question. Not
only did the guard fucking his face hold his head much too tightly, but
the guard fucking his ass effectively pinned him against the other
guard. Phil had begun seeing spots and was convinced they were going to
kill him when the cock was finally pulled out of his throat. 

He coughed and retched as he was able to breathe again, barely feeling
the cum leaking out of his ass and running down the inside of his leg.
He wasn't given much time to catch his breath. Two other bodyguards had
been standing by and soon his mouth and ass were filled again as Phil
assumed the role he would have for the rest of his life, that of
sissy-slave slut. 

When all the bodyguards had fucked him, he was convinced that his ass
had been torn apart. He felt like someone had rammed a pole up his ass
and left him sitting on it for two days. He wasn't sure he would be able
to walk properly again. None of this bothered the bodyguards, who
seemingly spoke only Chinese and who responded to even weak word-like
sounds from Phil by slapping him furiously. Phil had even given up hope
of being allowed to cum. Because the real embarrassing part about the
gang rape he had just been through, was the fact that his cock was
erect, hard, throbbing and very needy. He wanted to beg them to allow
him to cum, but even the slightest sound from him resulted in a beating.
His situation was made even worse by the fact that the leash around his
scrotum kept the blood from running back and thus made sure his erection
stayed painfully hard. 

The bodyguards had left Phil standing in the middle of the floor, cum
leaking out of both his ass and his mouth. He didn't dare move, didn't
dare make a sound. His ass was already covered with red marks from the
day before and their hands had only made it worse. His ass cheeks were a
bright red from all the slapping. Phil's eyes were humiliatingly red
from crying and his cock was embarrassingly hard. The guards didn't seem
to care. Their lust temporarily sated they obviously discussed what to
do with him and after a short while one of them picked up the phone and
dialed a number. He talked cautiously and actually bowed a few times, so
Phil guessed he was talking to Master. At the end of the short
conversation the guard broke out in a huge grin and obviously thanked
Master. He then said something to the others and then they smiled too as
two of them left the room, while two others approached Phil. 

The two guards removed the handcuffs holding Phil's elbows and waited
for the guards who had left to come back. The rest stood by chatting.
The two returned with a number of leather items. The first proved to be
leather sack for Phil's arms. Phil tried to fight them, but to no avail.
Soon his arms were tied in a back prayer, sealing them inside a tight
black leather sack that now held between his arms between his shoulder
blades. Fighting them had been futile for many reasons. First of all
there were far too many of them. Second of all his new footwear made it
very difficult to get proper footing, but most importantly there was his
erection. It is very hard to fight someone when all you really want to
do, is to beg him to let you cum. Phil's rubbing against the guards,
producing waves of unwanted pleasure, had broken what little will to
fight he had left and he had stood completely still with expectation as
one of the guards had grabbed his cock, forcing him to stop moving. Phil
had stared imploringly at the guard to make him stroke his cock, but the
guard had just grinned with derision and in the end Phil had been unable
to stop himself from making little thrusting movements in the man's
hand, while the others tied his arms. Phil had stopped noticing his arms
and was instead completely focused on his cock. The guard held it
lightly and it was hard for Phil to find enough friction in the man's
hand, slippery as it was from Phil's own pre-cum. When his arms were
sealed inside the leather sack and the other guards stepped back, Phil
didn't even notice. Instead he was making urgent gurgling, little
moaning sounds as his hips jerked and he tried get off. The spectacle
made all the bodyguards laugh, but this time the humiliation only
increased his arousal and he began moving towards an orgasm. His breath
became labored and urgent and just as he was about to cum, the guard let
go of his cock, leaving Phil hanging. 

Phil let out a high-pitched, pitiful moaning sound, sounding much more
like a bitch in heat than a strong and self-confident Karate instructor.
The guards roared with laughter. 

Then they proceeded with the next leather item. This proved to be a
black leather corset, with strong steel supports. Getting it on was a
struggle even for the well-trained guards and when they were finished,
Phil took small shallow breaths. It extended from his nipples to his
hips and as he briefly caught his own reflection in a pane of glass, he
was amazed at how much his narrower his waist had become. Even with his
well-developed muscles, his short hair, square jaw and muscular chest,
together with the six-inch heels it made him look surprisingly feminine.

The guards seemed to like the transformation too, because they now
launched into a new round of fucking, again and again fucking his ass
and face, but never touching his increasingly needy cock. In the end he
was crying and pleading them to touch his cock, but all his begging got
him was slaps and laughter. When they were through with him he lay on
the floor in a pool of cum leaking out of his ass and mouth, sobbing
with need. 

That is how Master found him, lying in a puddle of jism, his cock
painfully erect. The moment Phil saw Master he tried to get to his
knees, but failed miserably, so he lay prone in front of The General as
he stood over him: "You really are a useless slut. My men tell me that
you are a terrible fuck, hardly worth sticking your cock into. Well,
we'll do something about that very soon, I promise you that." With that
Master grabbed Phil by the hair and pulled him to his knees. He looked
down at Phil upturned face and said: "The blowjob you are about to give
me had better be fantastic." Then he took out his cock and put it in
front of Phil's face. Phil knew what he must do and there was no
hesitation as he took Master in his mouth. He would have loved to be
able to wrap his lips around Master's magnificent member, but the
ring-gag prevented that, so he had to settle for using his tongue. Phil
was hopeless, but he tried very hard. After a few minutes of
enthusiastic but inept sucking, Master took matters him his own hands,
grabbed the back of Phil's head and fucked his face furiously,
repeatedly forcing Phil to deepthroat him. Master came in stream of jism
Phil had trouble keeping up with as he tried swallowing it all and some
of it ran down his cheek. This made Master furious and after informing
Phil what a useless slut he was, he used a leather belt to whip Phil
furiously, once again covering his ass and legs with fresh red welts and
reducing Phil to a sobbing bitch, his cock still embarrassingly hard. 

Phil's erect cock did not go unnoticed and Master shouted an order at
one of the guards. The man quickly brought a rough wooden box, which he
placed in front of Phil. When Phil knelt, the top the box was level with
his erect cock. Master then stepped on the head of Phil's cock with his
expensive Italian leather shoe, grinding it against the rough wooden
surface of the box. It was extremely painful and most humiliating. It
was just what Phil had needed. In a matter of minutes he was emitting
urgent little shrieks and not long after he exploded in a most glorious
orgasm, his hips pumping in thin air, grinding his cock against Master's
shoe and the rough wooden surface under it. 

When his orgasm finally died down, he collapsed on his side to the sound
of derisive laughter. He was not allowed to rest, however, as Master
commanded him to lick up his own cum. Phil's face burned with shame, but
there was no hesitation as he licked up his own cum and all the cum that
had spilled out of his ass and mouth. The cum was revolting and the
floor was dirty, but Phil knew he had no choice. Besides he was already
beginning to harbor affectionate feelings for this cruel man who had
enslaved him. Phil knew it was weak to give in like this even before the
fight had really begun, but he couldn't help himself. Master was so
strong and dominant and Phil's submissive desires had been hidden for so
long. Now they simply welled up and overwhelmed him, driving him to want
to be owned by Master, even though deep down he knew that life as
Master's property would probably be extreme hard, painful, humiliating
and in all likelihood also short. In spite of all this Phil wanted to be
owned by Master at that moment. 

General Wang recognized the look in Phil's face. It was the look Xue and
all his other slaves had and he knew that Phil had been a good choice.
But then again the man who was destined be a pretty sissy, had radiated
the suppressed need to be owned and abused to anyone who knew what to
look for. 

For now General Wang took the third item, a black leather hood with only
an opening at the mouth, and sealed Phil's head inside. Then he pulled
him to his feet, grabbed his leash and led him to the Mercedes. Phil's
cock had been going soft when he had started licking cum off the floor,
but squirming along the cold, hard and dirty floor provided enough
friction for him to get hard as he thought about being fucked by Master,
and now Phil's cock was once again rock hard. 

Inside the limousine Phil was made to kneel on the floor between
Master's legs and here he performed countless blowjobs, gradually
learning some of the art as he was taken away to his new life. The
General lived outside Shanghai and the trip was planned for several
days, with a few stops along the way. 

When Phil was finally allowed to stop licking Master's magnificent cock,
his jaws were numb, as were his lips and his tongue. He was so tired
that he just wanted to drop down and sleep, but of course Master had
other plans. 

As the day drew to a close the limousine and the chase cars pulled up to
a mansion in the countryside. The house stood very isolated at the edge
of a small woodland area. It was surrounded by a high wall, which looked
mostly decorative, as if the owner didn't really need protection. 

Phil saw none of this as he was pulled from the car. He was simply
pulled to his feet and dragged by his cock-leash up some stairs and into
the house. Although he couldn't see it, Xue was also extracted from the
boot of the car and carried into the house, but she wasn't untied.
Instead she was deposited in what would be Master's bedroom for the
duration of the stay. 

Master did, however, not join Xue. Instead he dragged the bound and
hooded Phil into the main room of the house. As Phil's hood was removed
and he was able to see, what he saw disturbed and mystified him. He was
in a very large room painted all in black with red lamps on the walls.
This meant that the center of the room where he stood was quite dark,
except for a spot right in front of him, which was brightly lit from a
spotlight in the ceiling. Sitting on a huge stone chair, almost a
throne, in this ray of white light was a small Chinese woman. Although
she was middle-aged, perhaps fifty or sixty, she had a body many years
younger than her face. She was dressed in a black, ankle length silk
dress, which clung tightly to her body. Her hair was pulled back in a
tight bun and from her each of her ears dangled an earring that looked
exactly like a pair of gilded testicles. 

On either side of her stood a sissy slave, the like of which Phil had
never seen before. Both were completely bald, without even eyebrows.
They had nice breasts and an extremely narrow waist, held in place by a
small but brutal, black corset. Apart from the corset they wore only a
steel collar and a pair of ballet-toed black boots with heels at least
nine inches high, forcing them to stand on the tips of their toes all
the time. Other than that they were naked. 

There were several things that set them apart from any sissy slave Phil
had ever seen pictures of before. First of all they were very small.
They looked to be in their late twenties or early thirties, and their
arms and hands were impossibly delicate and feminine. Two things made
Phil shiver with fear: Both had been castrated, their cocks now tiny,
limp and useless things between their legs, and both bore a strong
family resemblance to each other and to the woman in the chair. His
suspicions were never confirmed, but Phil thought they might be the
woman's sons and that it was their balls she used as earrings. The woman
was small, about 5'2", but Phil guessed that the castrated sissy slaves
to just short of five feet. They stood quietly at her side, looking
submissively down. Phil wondered what the woman had done to them to keep
them so small. 

Master and the woman clearly knew each other. They chatted away while
Phil looked at the castrated sissy slaves in sexually excited horror. As
soon as the pleasantries were over, their attention turned to Phil. The
woman looked at him with disgusted interest, said something in Chinese
and grabbed his cock-leash and led him to a corner of the room. Here
stood what appeared to be stone altar. As he was tied down spread-eagle
on it, Phil began to suspect that they were going to castrate him and he
began to cry and beg. Master put an end to his pitiful whining by
slapping his balls and telling him to shut up: "Useless round-eyed
bitch!" he sneered, "Mistress Ming isn't going to cut off your useless,
little clitty-thing, though you may soon wish she had. Now be quiet!"
Once he was tied down everything he wore was removed: his stilettos, his
corset, his gag and his collar. He was now completely naked. The woman
gave an order to the castrated slaves and both she and Master turned to
leave the room. 

Before they left the slaves knelt and kissed the shoes of Master and the
woman, lingering at their mistress' feet, clearly savoring the moment,
enjoying the worship of their mistress. They remained kneeling until
Mistress Ming and Master had left the room. 

As they knelt Phil could see that they were both plugged with a monster
butt-plug. When Master and the woman were gone, they stood up in the red
twilight of the room and came to stand on either side of the stone slap
Phil lay on. It must have required some effort since they were so small,
but they swiftly and seemingly effortlessly clambered onto the altar to
kneel on either side of Phil. 

They started by torturing Phil a little. Showing exceptional skill with
their hands and especially their mouths, they made Phil hard and needy
in no time. Then they kept him there without allowing him to cum, for
what seemed like an hour. After just a few minutes Phil was pleading to
be allowed to cum and no long after that he was begging with tears in
his eyes. He was desperate, but there was to be no relief and in the end
they just left him hanging, Phil's cock twitching in free air, desperate
for attention that didn't come. The castrated brothers finished by
kissing and fondling each other passionately for several minutes, until
both withdrew, their eyes filled with desperation and lust that would
never, ever find release. Their limp sex hung useless between their
legs, not even twitching. 

Even in his haze of unfulfilled sexual desire Phil thought it extremely
cruel that they had apparently not "only" been castrated, but they had
somehow, perhaps chemically, kept their sexual desires. Their mother had
made it completely impossible for them to get any kind of sexual
gratification, but had at the same time insured that they would remain
horny and thus amplifying their loss. 

After kissing and fondling a bit more, each produced a small bottle of
some kind of oil and a piece of what looked like fine sandpaper. Then,
as if they were polishing a piece of fine furniture or the deck of an
old wooden ship, they used the sandpaper and the oil to rub all of
Phil's skin. They rubbed an extremely small area at a time, rubbing it
until all the hairs were gone and the skin was red and raw. It took all
night and after less than one hour Phil's groans turned to screaming.
Around midnight they turned him onto his chest without even the
slightest bit of resistance. Phil was now emitting little pathetic
screams and the thought of resisting had been removed from his mind when
one of the two sissies held a knife to his groin. The thought of being
castrated almost sent him into a panic, so he let the tiny castrated
sissies do their worst. 

When morning came around all of Phil's hair, except for the hair on his
head and his eyebrows had been permanently removed and Phil was the
color of a giant red welt and he had been reduced to whimpering softly.
There was no more resistance left in him. To finish the ordeal Master
and Mistress Ming came to inspect the progress and although the tiny
sissies cringed at their feet, they saw nothing that would cause them to
punish the poor sissies. They did, however, do horrible things to Phil.
As Master watched with a satisfied grin, Mistress Ming took an
ancient-looking pair of pliers and pulled out all of his teeth. Phil
screamed and cried but at the first hint of resistance, she brought the
pliers down to his crotch. Terrified Phil decided that he would rather
loose his teeth than his balls. 

Finally Phil was toothless as well as hairless and once that was
accomplished Mistress Ming and Master left him again to the little
sissies. 

Then finally something nice happened to him. With a warning glance they
undid all of his bindings and when they were sure he wouldn't resist,
they covered all of his body with a thick layer of perfumed cream. It
was deliciously cool and pleasant against his skin, for the first time
taking away the pain. Then, making sure that he was covered in a thick
layer of the stuff, they pulled a rubber sack up around him, sealing him
inside from head to toe and leaving only his nose free. The rubber held
the cream in place and for the first time in a long time Phil could
relax. Before sealing the rubber sack they first made him drink a lot of
water. Then one of the sissies took his member in his mouth and motioned
for him to release the content of his bladder. Letting go was nice, but
the blowjob that followed was much, much nicer, at least until he was
once again left hanging unfulfilled. Lathering up his cock in the
perfumed cream, they closed the sack leaving only a hole free around his
nose so that he could breathe. His bound form was then strapped to the
stone table and Phil fell asleep securely bound in his rubber cocoon,
whimpering softly as his needy and twitching erection slowly died down. 

He didn't know for how long he was sealed inside the rubber sack, tied
down, unable to move, but it did feel strangely comfortable. The pain
from his hair removal went away and he was left in the silent and
unmoving darkness. He felt owned and controlled, feelings that were both
welcome and cause for almost panicky alarm. His old self wanted to
rebel, to break free and gain the independence he had had only a few
days ago. But more and more he felt the need to be owned and controlled
and the mere thought of Master and his magnificent cock made Phil hard
with lust. He was acutely aware that he was very rapidly being turned
into very submissive sissy-slave. He should probably be fighting it, but
it was hard. He was completely controlled all the time and there was the
little matter of his ever-mounting arousal. It seemed that his old
forced-feminization fantasies were stronger and more deeply embedded
than he had suspected. He knew he should resist, but he would much
rather submit. The mere thought of being allowed to serve Master orally
made him groan with lust and when he thought of his now complete lack of
teeth, his feelings were not so much of loss but of lust. The thought of
sucking Master with smooth gums, robbed of even the ability to bite the
hand that owned him, turned him on more than he thought possible. 

Eventually the sack was removed. Phil felt quite weak and he didn't put
up a fight as he was once again tied spread-eagle on the stone table. It
felt good to be out of his cocoon and feel the air on his naked body.
His skin felt nice, new and very soft as the little castrated sissies
touched it. Although he didn't know it the painful process had insured
that he would never have a single hair on his body again. It had also
made his skin soft and feminine and the cream had imbued it with a soft
and pleasant perfumed smell that would linger for the rest of his life.
When the tiny sissies had tied him down again and washed him, they
teased his cock until it once again stood throbbing with need and Phil's
good feelings had been replaced with unfulfilled need. 

Mistress Ming and Master found him like that, tied down, whimpering with
need, his new skin glistening softly. Master came to stand next to
Phil's head and Phil didn't hesitate when Master took out his cock and
put it in his mouth. Phil sucked eagerly, greedily determined to show
Master that he was a good little sissy-slave. His technique was lousy,
but Master smiled at the determination. It was as he had suspected all
along: Phil had just been waiting to be taken, had practically begged
for it. 

When Master had shot his load, Mistress Ming took over. She looked
curiously at Phil and said something to him. Master translated:
"Mistress Ming says that you are a worthless, little sissy-shit and that
I should castrate you right away." Phil emitted a small scream at this,
but Master only smiled and continued translating: "But, she says, since
I'm not going to do that right now, it is time we found you a proper
name. Since you are a sissy-shit, you must have a properly girlish name
and since you are going to become a Chinese sissy, it must be a Chinese
name." Master smiled and turned his attention directly to Phil: "Very
soon English is going to be complete nonsense to you and you will only
understand Chinese. It's going to be very painful for you, something I
am of course looking forward to." Phil gasped, but Master only returned
his attention to Mistress Ming. Again Master translated her words:
"Mistress Ming says that she is going to use an ancient method for
finding your true name." 

With that Master stepped back to watch as Mistress Ming did her thing.
Her primary instrument for determining Phil's new name was causing him
extreme pain. First she put a hard, round pillow under Phil's lower back
so that his ass was raised and his crotch now pointed straight up, his
needy cock still twitching uselessly. With access to his ass now much
easier, she started by just inserting one finger. She moved it gently
around making Phil even more needy. As she withdrew it Phil was
completely relaxed from the cautious and pleasant examination. Mistress
Ming used this opportunity to ram a huge dildo covered with knobs and
ridges up his ass with so much force that his teeth would have jarred
had he had any. Phil emitted a groan of pain and surprise as it was
rammed in to the hilt. His groaning soon turned to screaming as it
turned out that the dildo had been covered with chili oil. It soon began
to burn and Phil whimpered and thrashed uselessly as he tried to escape
the pain. 

There was, however, no escape and without taking note of Phil's pathetic
little screams she turned her evil attention to his cock. She
momentarily stilled his screaming and thrashing as she took a firm grip
on the root of his cock and slowly slid her hand up the shaft. The
sensation made Phil weak with lust. But as before the good feelings were
all too quickly gone. Unseen by Phil, Mistress Ming had at her side a
small pillow full of needles. The needles were about five inches long
and very thin and very sharp. The first needle pierced Phil's cock right
through the head. Phil went wild with pain and surprise, but no amount
of thrashing could prevent Mistress Ming from going on. With steady
precision she pierces his erect cock with one long, sharp needle after
another. The pain was so bad that Phil actually vomited from the pain,
but still she kept up her careful needlework. After about three needles
Mistress Ming had insured that his cock would remain hard and throbbing
by inserting a needle in his scrotum in a special spot. Not only did
this needle, when inserted, make Phil scream like a little girl, it also
made his cock stay painfully hard. 

Mistress Ming was an extremely methodical woman. She inserted the
needles in vertical columns in Phil's poor tortured cock. One column
contained six needles and when she was finished with his cock it had six
columns of needles piercing it, thirty-six needles in all. Phil's voice
was raw from screaming and the little castrated sissies had wiped away
vomit several times. To cap it off Mistress Ming pierced his balls as
well. Each testicle got three needles and Phil passed out from the pain
several times. Each time she patiently woke him up so that he was
conscious for the next one. When she was finished Phil lay twitching in
pain, emitting panicky little screams. He was convinced that he would
never again be able to use his cock and that she was simply preparing to
castrate him properly. 

It didn't seem so, however. Instead she put on thick leather gloves and
began stroking the needles. The stroking twisted and turned the needles,
causing him even more pain. With each stroke Mistress Ming recited a
name and she recited each name twelve times. When she had been through
at least twenty names, Phil was covered in sweat, all the muscles in his
body were trembling and his voice had been screamed out. All he had left
was a little scared wheezing when she touched the needles in his cock. 

But then, after more than twenty-five names, something strange happened.
As she said the name the first time and stroked the needles, a strange
feeling of uncontrollable delight mingled with the extreme pain and
Phil's crotch involuntarily thrust upwards as if wanting to fuck. With
each stroking and each recital of this name Phil's strange and extremely
painful excitement mounted and at the twelfth stroke, he exploded in the
most painful orgasm imaginable. He tried screaming but no sound came out
as his hips thrust upwards and his cum spurted out in a cascade that
didn't seem to want to stop. 

When it was over, Phil lay limply as the little sissies licked his body
clean of his cum and Mistress Ming, as painfully as she could, removed
the needles again. He wanted to scream and thrash, but there was no
energy or strength left. When all the needles had been removed, Mistress
Ming and her castrated and sissified slaves, who were probably her sons,
left the room. Master again stood next to Phil's head and Phil tried
croaking: "Master" as he saw him. Only a weak croak came out, but Master
smiled nonetheless as he gently stroked Phil's cheek and said: "Mistress
Ming found you a good name. You must have been waiting a long time for
someone to sissify you, for I have never seen anyone react so
explosively to this little ritual." Phil smiled happily at Master. The
torture had broken him and somehow made him much more receptive to
Master's wishes and demands and he so wanted to please this cruel man.
Master continued: "The name she found for you is "Lien". It means Lotus
and I think it is most appropriate for you my little sissy-slave." With
that he leaned down and kissed Phil, now called Lien, deeply. It felt
good to Lien to be kissed so by Master. With her his name came a new
persona as Phil Green, the strong and independent Karate instructor was
replaced by Lien, Master's little sissy-toy. 

Even though he had caused him extreme pain, taken away his freedom and
mutilated him physically, Phil, or Lien as he was beginning to think of
himself, felt deeply grateful to Master for his kindness. Him voice was
gone, but Lien still managed to beg Master to fuck him. Master responded
with a cruel smile and slapped her. "Slaves do not have the right to
make requests." It did not, however, stop him from undoing Lien's
bindings, flipping him over on his stomach and fucking him furiously.
Not only was the fucking painful in itself, but Master also reached
around and squeezed Lien's balls, making him scream, or rather try to
scream, with his broken voice. When Master came he squeezed his genitals
so hard that Lien passed out. The brutality of his fucking didn't stop
him from feeling pleasantly owned when he came to. On the contrary, it
amplified his feeling that this was good and right, that he really
didn't deserve to be free and that he was much better off as Master's
property. 




Chapter 3
It was time to leave Mistress Ming's house and Lien was
dressed, or rather tied up, by the two little sissies. First a brutal
corset was fitted around Lien's waist, followed by a broad, black
leather collar. Lien's hands were then tied in an armbinder, a black
leather sack that held Lien's arms behind him, elbows touching. Shiny,
black Oxfords with seven-inch shiny steel stilettos were put on Lien's
feet. They were at least two sizes too small and hurt Lien's feet
terribly, but when Lien was shown his own image in the mirror, the pain
almost went away. Lien didn't have any tits yet and the face was still
too masculine, but otherwise Lien was beginning to look very feminine.
Very feminine indeed, in spite of the badly beaten cock that hung
between his legs. Only Lien had stopped thinking of "himself", but now
rather thought of "herself". The conditioning that had been started, the
torture applied and Lien's lust for Master was transforming even her
mind. Lien had begun thinking of herself in the feminine, as Lien the
slave shemale. 

Master did not, however, allow Lien to stare at her reflection for too
long. He ordered the two castrated sissies to gag and hood her. Soon a
massive, jaw-wrenching ball-gag had been put in her mouth and her head
was sealed inside a thick, black rubber hood, leaving only her nose
free. Then Master tied a leash around her cock, an action that made Lien
scream in pain and almost collapse. 

With Lien standing blind and mute at his side, trembling with fear and
fresh pain, Master bid Mistress Ming farewell as she stood at the top of
the stair leading up to her mansion. At either side of her stood her two
castrated sissy-slaves/-sons, their eyes downcast in submission. Once
the farewells were over, Master led his new slave down to his limousine.
This time Xue was kneeling inside the car, bound and hooded, just
waiting to service her Master, while Lien was tied up in ball and put in
the trunk of the car. The position was far from comfortable, but Lien
immediately fell asleep as the car began moving. The last few days had
been extraordinarily demanding and she definitely needed the rest. 

Lien had no idea how long she slept, but she was woken up by strong
hands pulling her from the trunk. The hands removed the straps binding
her legs and a leash was once again attached to her very sore member and
she was led away, whimpering from the pain in her cock. Again she was
led up a flight of stairs and into a large building. When the hood was
removed and her eyes had adjusted to the light, Lien saw that she was in
a doctor's office. She stood next to Master who sat in a comfortable
leather armchair. The chair stood in front of an imposing desk, behind
which sat an old woman in doctor's whites. She and Master were
discussing something and didn't seem to be paying Lien any attention.
The person who had removed Lien's turned out to be a nurse in a shiny
white rubber uniform. The uniform was barely large enough for the nurse,
a very pretty Chinese woman in her late twenties. It only just covered
her butt and was fitted so tightly that not only did it look like the
nurse's ample breasts were about to explode out of the it, but also
every single button in the row running down the uniforms front looked
ready to pop off. On the nurse's feet were shiny, white stilettos boots,
ankle high with seven-inch heels. Her hair was cut in a short pageboy,
and the only indication that she was a slave was the massive steel ring
in her nose. 

Master and the female doctor talked for few minutes, then both stood and
said their goodbyes. Master then turned to Lien and said: "You need some
surgery, so I'll leave you in the hands of Dr. Lee here. Behave!" And
with that admonition Master left Lien. Lien of course, was unable to
object and could only see Master back disappear through the door. Then,
without wasting any time, Dr. Lee barked an order at the slave-nurse,
who curtseyed and led Lien off by her cock leash. 

Lien was led through endless hallways and corridors until she was pushed
into an operating room. Seeing the operating table laid out for her made
Lien whine, but it was much too late for resistance. As she backed away,
the nurse plunged a syringe into her buttocks and soon she lost
consciousness. 

When Lien woke up she was unable to see, unable to hear, unable to talk
and unable to move at all. As she realized this she was briefly seized
by a panic attack and lay helplessly trying to thrash and scream,
without succeeding with any of it. Once the panic had died down and her
heartbeat had settled into a more normal rhythm, Lien began to take
stock of her situation. She was lying on her back, tied down with straps
going around her body and limbs at small, regular intervals, even
holding her around the mouth and forehead. Her hands and feet felt
somehow sedated and had no movement left to them. Something, most
probably a giant dildo, had been pushed down her throat preventing her
from using her voice. 

Strangely, discovering how thoroughly she had been bound, how massively
she was controlled, helped calm her down. She was a slave after all, and
slaves should always wait for and obey their master or mistress'
commands. So Lien settled down to wait for something to happen. In the
meantime she wondered what had been done to her, what changes had been
made to her body. 

In time (Lien had no idea how much time), something did happen. She felt
how some kind of liquid was pumped through the dildo in her throat and
straight down into her stomach. As her stomach filled up she suddenly
noticed that she was wearing a very restrictive corset, pressing
painfully against on her stomach as it filled up. She also now felt the
catheter in her cock draining fluid from her and the strange and
enormously unpleasant tube in her ass first filling her up with liquid,
only to drain it away. It seemed that she was to remain sealed up for
some time. As her senses finally took complete stock of the situation,
she realized that she was wrapped in thick rubber, her every orifice
filled with a tube. Even her nostrils had tubes in them going down into
her lungs. Lien, it seemed was going to stay bound for a long time. The
thought made her sweat with fear and excitement and her cock became hard
and throbbing in spite of the very unpleasant catheter. 

A short while after being fed and having her waste removed, a voice came
on in her ears. The voice was pleasant enough, informing her that her
Chinese lesson would begin now. Inside her rubber cocoon, tightly bound,
there were no other influences and Lien was now subjected to endless
repetitions as she began to learn the language. Since she couldn't speak
and thus make no mistakes, there were few punishments for poor
performance. There was, however, frequent electric shocks to her
genitals, just to keep her awake and sharp. 

After some time in the cocoon, Lien began to feel a tightness across her
chest, as if it was getting bigger. Lien's erection became almost
feverish as she realized that she was probably growing tits. 

Finally the cocoon came off. At first she had to wear sunglasses as her
eyes adjusted to the light and she was so weak and stiff in the joints
that she had to be helped out of bed, into a wheelchair a driven off to
be bathed. The bath was followed by physical therapy and it was during
this she spoke her first words with her new voice. She wanted to say
something about how much it hurt, but stopped completely in her tracks
when she heard her new voice, which turned out to be a very light,
almost too light, soprano. 

As she recovered from the shock of hearing her new voice, she looked
down her body, her eyes fully adjusted for the first time since coming
out of the cocoon. The shock made her momentarily speechless. That she
had grown a pair of tits was no surprise. They were still quite small,
but very nice with big, pert nipples. What really shocked her was what
had been done to her hands and feet. They were tiny! Her hands were no
longer those of a Karate instructor, but rather those of a kept woman
who had never had to do anything even remotely manual in her life. Her
fingers were long and delicate and her wrists were now slender and
somehow loose. But her feet were the biggest surprise. They had shrunk
at least four sizes and were now tiny and delicate. 

Lien gaped in surprise, which was only amplified when she was led in
front of a mirror. Lien was standing with the help of the same
slave-nurse who had led her into the operating room when she had first
arrived at this perverse clinic. But whereas the nurse looked just as
she had when Lien arrived, Lien now looked very different. Not only were
her hands and feet much smaller. Her tits were coming along nicely and
the corset training while bound in rubber had reduced her waist to a
very nice twenty-some inches. The biggest surprise, however, was her
face. Lien's face had been completely remade and she now sported a very
delicate, very feminine face. Phil's solid jaw-line had been replaced by
the small and pretty jaw-line of very delicate girl, Lien. Her nose was
a cute button, her cheekbones high and her eyes were large and
expressive, with high arching eyebrows. Her hair had been allowed to
grow during her captivity and she was now sporting a rather unruly mop,
looking something like a blonde pageboy. All the muscles in her body
were now tiny, soft and feminine. Lien thought she looked stunningly
feminine and as she looked in the mirror, her erection told the world
that she approved of her transformation. 

There was, however, little time for gazing at her own reflection. When
the slave-nurse was sure that Lien had seen her own reflection, she
quickly led her to a corner of the room where she started dressing her.
Since Lien could now move on her own, there was no reason why she should
not start her training right away. First Lien's wrist were cuffed, the
cuffs connected to chains and the chains pulled by a winch. Soon Lien
dangled by her wrists a few inches off the ground. A corset was fitted
to her waist, extending from just below her new breasts to just above
her hips. When all the strings had been pulled and tied down, Lien's
waist was no more than twenty inches. On her feet went shiny, black
Oxfords with seven-inch metal stilettos. Her feet might have shrunk four
sizes or so, but so had her shoes and the result was that the sexy
stilettos still hurt her feet terribly. But her feet were now extremely
small, petite and sexy in their new brutal confinement. Her ass was
packed by a short, fat butt-plug, causing Lien to gasp with a mixture of
discomfort and lust. The winch moved again and soon Lien stood on the
floor again. The nurse collared her with a broad steel collar and she
put Lien's hands into shiny, black rubber mittens, which forced her
hands into useless cone-like shapes. Her hands were then forced up
between her shoulder blades and tied in a backprayer. 

The nurse then put a leash on her collar and led her out of the room,
Lien still a little stiff and insecure on her legs. She sported a raging
hard-on as the situation had once again exposed what a complete and
utter slut she was. The nurse once again led Lien through endless
corridors and hallways. This time they met others in the corridors. They
passed two nurses leading a huge black pony-boy, trying desperately to
break free from his bonds, the nurses keeping him in check with cattle
prods. The pony had very broad shoulders and a deep, muscular chest, but
had no arms, not even stumps where they had been. His feet were pressed
into hoof-like boots that forced him to always walk on his toes. He had
been fitted with a head-harness with blinkers and a bit and it seemed
that his voice had been changed so that he was now only able to emit
whinnying sounds like those of a real horse. He was extremely well hung,
but his giant cock was imprisoned inside a ball of steel-mesh, engulfing
his genitals completely. No matter how hard he tried to break free, the
nurses had the upper hands and he was led inexorably towards his fate. 

Making Lien shudder with fear and revulsion they also passed a cart with
five human forms, forms that had been reduced to mere fuck-and-suck
machines. They all looked Chinese had no arms and no legs and all had
had their vocal cords removed. There were three females and two males.
The women had huge breasts and the men enormous cocks and all had
tongues that were so long that they hung out their mouths. They were all
completely devoid of hair and were all tied down by a single strap
around their waist, holding them to the cart. They looked completely
desperate and uncomprehending, as if they all wondered what had happened
to them. 

Finally after passing several drastically changed slaves, Lien arrived
at the doctor's office once again and she was led in. Inside Master sat
in the same chair as he had done a few weeks ago. Lien's heart leapt
with joy as she saw him and she scampered over to him and immediately
dropped to her knees and kissed his fine, Italian leather shoes. Master
looked at her briefly and when she looked up, craving his attention, he
slapped her viciously. Slaves must remain down until ordered to stand
up. Even being slapped felt good when it was Master doing the slapping.
Lien stayed down as ordered and after a while the conversation stopped.
Lien felt Master grasp her by the hair and soon she was yanked to her
feet. He looked her deeply in the eyes and Lien felt herself go weak, as
his eyes possessed her. She nearly cried with gratitude when he kissed
her deeply and her hard-on pressed desperately against him. Master
didn't pay her cock any attention though. He simply gagged and hooded
her before leading her off. She was thrown into the trunk of the car and
she felt the car moving. 

After a while Lien dozed off and she didn't feel the car stop. She woke
up when strong hands pulled her none too gently from the trunk and put
her feet on the ground. A leash was attached to her genitals and a tug
on the leash told her it was time to get going. The ground she walked on
was uneven and she had quite a bit of trouble keeping up, stumbling
along in her high heels. Whoever pulled the leash (Lien hoped and
believed it was Master) had little patience with her tardiness and soon
blows from a riding crop were landing on her exposed thighs, making her
squeal with pain and submissive delight behind her gag. After a couple
of minutes of stumbling in the dark, Lien was brought to a halt and her
hood was pulled off. For a few seconds she stood squinting against the
sun as her eyes adjusted. 

She was standing next to a paddock and in it two ponies were being
trained. The ponies were very large and very muscular white men and they
were so severely controlled that it made Lien start with fright. They
were armless and their feet had been pressed into tiny ballet shoes made
of shiny, hard, black plastic forcing them to stand with their toes
pressed into an impossibly small cone. Their heads were completely
encased in thick, black rubber with tiny holes at their nostrils
allowing them to breathe. Their mouths had been stuffed with huge gags,
which could be pulled out at feeding time. Brutal neck corsets made sure
that their heads were completely immobile, chin forced up and nose
pointing straight ahead. They were not equipped with a bit for control.
Rather their balls had been pierced and through both sets of testicles
ran a thick metal rod. It was to this rod that their reins were
attached. Their cocks were imprisoned in impossibly small steel tubes
and through the cock-heads a thick steel ring had been inserted for
further control. In their asses resided monstrous dildos, secured in
place by furious inflation of a bladder in the head of the dildo. They
moved in perfect and completely silent unison, high-stepping to the
instructions of a female trainer. All the instructions were delivered by
use of her whip and via the reins. Their bodies were permanently marked
by the whipped instructions and yet from the tips of their imprisoned
cocks a slow dribble of unfulfilled lust flowed. 

Master led Lien up to the fence surrounding the paddock and called out
to the trainer. She immediately turned and ran as fast as she could over
to the fence, the ponies frantically trying to keep up. When she got to
the fence, she stopped the ponies and dropped to her knees to worship
Master's feet, taking obvious pleasure in seeing him. At his command she
rose to stand in front of them, her head bowed demurely. She was a
beautiful little woman, perhaps twenty-two years old with shiny black
hair cropped very short and giving her a quite boyish look. She was clad
in a full-body, red rubber suit and on her feet were red, stiletto ankle
boots, with heels six inches high. The only sign of her slave status was
the thick steel ring piercing her septum. 

Master delivered a set of instructions to the rubber-clad mistress and
this time Lien understood fragments of them. The lessons given to her
while she had been bound to her hospital bed had paid off. When Master
had finished giving instructions he turned to Lien: "This is Mistress
Na. She will help you become a better slave, teach you the Chinese
language while at the same time making sure that you will no longer be
able to speak any other languages. You will obey her every command as if
they came directly from me. Disobeying her is disobeying me and
disobedience is always painful." He directed his attention to Mistress
Na and said something Lien didn't understand. Mistress Na. on the other
hand, clearly understood and with an expression of pure joy and
gratitude she dropped to her knees. With the utmost care and reverence
she took out Master's member and began blowing him. Lien looked on
enviously as she had no doubt Mistress Na was a real expert. Only Lien
had trouble determining who enjoyed the blowjob the most. Sure Master
was panting and looking like he enjoying it immensely, but Mistress Na
almost seemed to be going wild with ecstasy, her eyes half-closed as she
moaned with passion. When Master shot his load in her mouth, she tried
to scream with ecstasy as she swallowed. When she had licked his cock
clean, she put it back in his pants with the same extreme reverence she
had employed taking it out. Then she kissed his shoes as she thanked him
and pressed her head to the ground as he left. Only when he had been
gone for a few minutes did she rise, an expression of pure devotion on
her face. 

She rose with a natural grace and elegance that was quite stunning and
Lien suddenly remembered that Na meant graceful. A very fitting name for
the rubber-clad mistress. Mistress Na looked at Lien for a second or
two. Then she took her leash and tied it to the fence and resumed
training the two severely bound pony-boys. After several hours of harsh
training, Mistress Na led the ponies, now covered with new layer of red
welts and drenched in sweat, to the stables. Lien stood tied to the
fence and watched their backs disappear into the growing twilight. She
stood there for quite a while and she was almost beginning to think that
she had been forgotten, when Mistress Na appeared out of the darkness.
Still not speaking she led the bound and gagged sissy towards a large
building, which Lien thought looked like a stable. 

Once inside Lien saw that it was not only a stable, but that the huge
building had also been built as a training facility. The right half of
the building held a large number of enclosures and in these enclosures
stood all the ponies in training at the moment. Lien guessed that there
were at least twenty ponies, some paired, some alone. None of the ponies
had arms and only a few were able to see. All were male and all had
their members imprisoned. Some were feminized but most had been large
and muscular men, now reduced to ponies. All of the ponies were
controlled with a huge dildo-pole rammed up their ass, forcing them not
only to stay in the same place, but also to sleep standing up. Master
believed that since real horses slept standing up, so should his ponies.

The left half of the building was a huge open area filled with places
and instruments for training and punishing slaves. Immediately Lien saw
the two huge ponies Mistress Na had been training. Apparently they had
performed poorly because two stable-hands were in the process of
punishing them. Their feet, imprisoned as they were in the black,
plastic cone-like shoes, were tied together by a very short chain, which
was in turn chained to the cement floor, leaving them only enough space
for tiny, panicky foot movements. Their upper bodies were now tied with
a broad leather strap and to this strap two chains had been attached.
The chains hung down from the ceiling, preventing them from falling over
as the punishment progressed. In their asses were tubes connected to
huge enema bags and Lien could see how their bellies were distended far
beyond what she would have thought possible. The tubes must have been
secured in their asses in such a manner that couldn't be expelled.
Otherwise Lien thought the tubes and all the watery shit behind them
would probably explode out of the ponies asses. They certainly looked
ready to explode. While their asses were being filled to ever more
intolerable levels, the stable-hands were busy administering other
punishments. One stable-hand used a cattle prod to shock the ponies'
genitals while the other used nose-clamps on them for some very severe
breathplay. The ponies' heads were still encased in the thick, black
rubber hoods and Lien was beginning to doubt that the hoods ever came
off. Lien was of course absolutely right. The ponies had been blinded
and had had their hearing destroyed before being permanently sealed
inside the rubber hoods. Since their sense of smell had also been
destroyed, their world was now one which contained only the sense of
touch. And the touch of the world outside their rubber hoods brought
them precious little pleasure. It had been years since they had been
allowed to cum and Master made sure that his ponies were punished
severely for even the most trivial infraction. The ponies' only thought
was of obedience so that they might be allowed to cum one day. All other
thoughts had long since been expelled from their now permanently damaged
minds. Master had reduced them to unthinking beasts. Although Lien
didn't know it, the two ponies had been in this state for well over five
years and it had been three years since Master had allowed them to cum.
As Lien was led away she could hear them scream inside their hoods
whenever their nose-clamps were removed. Their punishment would continue
for hours. 

Mistress Na, however, seemed completely uninterested in the two ponies
and their horrible situation. She led Lien further into the punishment
area until they came to a kind of enclosure, surrounded by a fence,
within the larger area. She opened the door in the fence and pushed Lien
through. Once inside she made Lien kneel. She positioned herself so that
her crotch was about four inches from Lien's face and ungagged Lien.
Then she reached down and pulled Lien's head back so that her face
pointed up: "Master has given me two months to turn you into a proper
sissy-slave. Master does not tolerate anything less than perfection, so
you had better perform you useless, round-eyed faggot!" Mistress Na spat
the last sentence out and continued: "Not only will you understand only
Chinese in two months, your body will be properly feminine and your
skills as a sex-slave will be perfect. If you disappoint Master in any
way you will suffer..." Lien shuddered at the words and remained
kneeling as Mistress Na went to fetch a syringe and a small bottle
filled with a clear liquid: "This will help you grow a set of nice tits,
improving on those pitiful little things you already have." Mistress Na
injected Lien in both her tits and in both her butt-cheeks before
putting the syringe away. Then she returned to Lien and said: "Since you
are to learn Chinese, these words are the last orders you will receive
in English. From now on you had better understand the orders given to
you. If not, punishment will be swift and painful. Understand?" Lien
understood perfectly and swallowed hard as her gag was removed and she
answered: "Mistress, yes Mistress. I understand." 

There was only one thing left before her training commenced. Mistress Na
fetched some items from a nearby table and came back to kneel beside
Lien. She then wrapped Lien's cock in an ice-pack, making Lien squeal
softly with discomfort as her cock shrunk. Then she equipped Lien with a
chastity device. It was a tiny, steel tube that held her cock and at one
end it had two steel wires to keep her cock-head imprisoned. At the
other end a steel wire was welded to the tube and Mistress Na wrapped
the very tightly several times around Lien's balls before securing the
wire to the tube with a small padlock. It was now impossible to get it
off without the key and anyone trying to do so would rip Lien's balls
off. The tube made it very painful for Lien to get hard as the shaft of
her cock was painfully compressed and her cock-head would press
painfully against the wires crossing it. Lien whimpered in defeat as she
realized what this meant. From now on her life as a slave would be
mostly, if not completely, without release and she now existed only to
serve. 

Her first lesson was proper walking technique, walking in a sexy and
enticing manner and mastering her very high heels. The lessons were,
like all the other lessons she would receive, very hard. Mistress Na
hadn't been kidding when she had said that Master demanded perfection.
Her every move was judged and even the tiniest of mistakes was punished
severely. Mistress Na was an expert user of the riding crop, but her
talents were not limited to whipping. A cattle prod applied
enthusiastically to Lien's more tender body part, especially her
genitals, was one of Mistress Na's favorites as was the use of chili oil
as an enema. The lessons were made all the harder because all
instructions were given in Chinese and in the rare cases when a reply
was expected, this had to be in Chinese as well. 

During all drills where Lien didn't use her mouth for something else
(sucking and licking and the like) she was trained in Chinese. Here the
same criterions for success applied; perfection and nothing else was
accepted. Of course this meant that it was a more than two weeks before
Lien was able to open her mouth without being punished. 

Lien was trained for eighteen hours a day, but not by Mistress Na all
the time. Several times a day a number of men would arrive to improve
her skills as a sex-slave. Their arrival always made Lien shiver with
anticipation. Although she was never allowed to cum herself and she was
often punished brutally for her shortcomings, she had loved it from day
one. Being fucked furiously up the ass would always be her favorite, and
very soon she had learned all the tricks in this department, but it
didn't really matter if she was giving blowjobs, handjobs, footjobs or
if she was getting her tits fucked. Having a cock touch her body made
her wild with lust. Whether it was using her stiletto-clad foot to
gently get someone off or it was using her ass to pump someone dry
didn't really matter. Every contact she had with another cock made her
own imprisoned and needy cock strain against its prison, throbbing as
her mind almost went blank with submissive lust. Every cock that came
within touching distance made her more grateful that Master had caught
and enslaved her. How she had ever been able to live as Phil Green, the
karate instructor and independent businessman, was completely
incomprehensible. She had been born to be a sissy-slave and gradually
she began to forget that things had ever been different. Her old life
slipped away as she embraced her new. She just wished that she would be
allowed to cum. 

Surprisingly her sex training did not include training in how to please
women. It was surprising because Mistress Na was her principal trainer
and Lien had expected to be forced to lick her cunt. There was, however,
a perfectly reasonable explanation for this. First of all she was being
trained as a slave for Master. Secondly Mistress Na was only a mistress
in the sense that she had authority over the poor ponies and sissies she
trained. To Master she was a slave and as such she had been fitted with
a chastity device of sorts as well. Mistress Na's cunt had simply been
sown shut and a small dome of steel mesh had been fitted over her
clitoris so that she couldn't just get off by rubbing it. 

Master had found Mistress Na in Shanghai two years earlier where she had
been working as a professional dominant in spite her age. Normally
Master didn't enslave women, as he much preferred men. Men were so much
easier to control because of their cocks, and turning them into shemales
or ponies only made the control more definitive. In Mistress Na,
however, Master had seen a rare talent for training slaves and he had
decided that she should work for him in that capacity. He approached her
with an offer, which she promptly declined since she thought she would
be better of alone. Of course Master only very rarely took no for an
answer and soon Mistress Na found herself subjected to Master's
extremely brutal trademark training. In short order she was turned into
one of Master's little fucktoys, completely broken before he carefully
built her up again as a slave trainer. When he was finished with her she
loved him with the complete and utter devotion of all his slaves. But at
night when she lay in bed, clutching a gigantic dildo in her ass in the
futile hope that it might bring her an orgasm, she still wondered if she
might not have been happier if she had said yes to Master's offer the
first time he asked. 

Meanwhile Lien's training progressed according to plan. Her sexual
appetite and consequent willingness to learn made it easy to teach her
sexual skills, but teaching her Chinese was harder. Day and night
phrases and words were drilled into her and her pronunciation was
tested, but still she had to be punished constantly. Only slowly did she
begin to perform adequately. 

At night Lien was gagged and hooded and sealed inside a big, black
rubber sack. The sack was then hung on the wall so that Lien took up a
minimum of space while she slept. In the morning she was fed, given her
five morning enemas to clean her out and washed before the day's
training began. Lien was fed twice a day and always in the same way. In
one corner of the enclosure, which Lien didn't leave at all during her
stay with Mistress Na, was a large picture of Master. Just below it a
dildo stood out from the wall, a perfect replica of Master's magnificent
cock. First Lien would kneel in front of the picture. Then she would
recite her prayer in ever more perfect Chinese: "Master, please Master.
You are my Lord and God. Thank you keeping such a worthless slave as me.
Thank you, my Lord and God." After reciting the prayer Lien would suck
her sustenance out of the dildo, a thick semen-like substance that was
both food and water to her. While she sucked the semen out of the dildo
with her toothless mouth, she was required to keep her eyes on the
picture of Master, something she did with relish. Lien would feed in
this way for the rest of her long stay with Master. At every meal
Mistress Na joined her for the kneeling prayer to show her devotion to
Master, but she ate elsewhere. 

Rapidly Lien got better and better at being a sex-slave. Her body
evolved equally fast as her tits grew until they were finally a pair of
magnificent 44FFF tits with nipples almost an inch long, thick, soft and
extremely sensitive to the touch. Her hips and ass also grew a most
pleasing layer of extra fat; making her much more feminine. Finally her
waist was subjected to brutal corset training. Just as she now wore
stilettos all the time, even when sleeping and when she was being
washed, she also wore a corset all the time. It was a severe thing
extending from just below her growing tits to just above her growing
hips and it was made from steel-reinforced black leather. The corset
gradually shrunk her waist down to a mere seventeen inches, so that Lien
now minced around more or less constantly out of breath. Not that she
minded, not really. Lien quickly grew to love having her waist
constricted, although she never grew to love this as much as she did her
high heels. Lien loved stilettos. Not only did they make her legs and
her walk sexy, feminine and elegant, they also made her deliciously
helpless. Sometimes it actually felt like the shoes were enslaving her
as they forced her to take small, mincing steps and the sight of her
long, elegant legs in their sexy shoes turned Lien on oh so powerfully.
That is when she wasn't busy being taught some lesson in a brutal
manner. 

As for "teaching" Lien to not understand or speak English, this proved
easier if only because it was much simpler. For these lessons Lien was
fitted with what looked like a helmet. This helmet registered the
pattern of her brainwaves, read her mind as it were. The pattern her
brain emitted Lien understood something was very different from when she
didn't and this was used to condition her. Something was said to her in
English or she was shown an English text and whenever the helmet
detected that Lien had indeed understood it, she was punished. Usually
she was strapped to chair, a huge metal dildo rammed up her ass and most
of her body wired with electrodes capable of giving her very painful
electric shocks. Mistress Na was especially fond of piercing Lien's
balls with very thin needles connected to the generator. Having the
needles inserted into her balls was painful, but it was nothing compared
to the pain she experienced when the electricity was applied. She
screamed and thrashed, more often than not vomiting from the pain. Soon
her mind reacted strongly to English. At first she got blinding
headaches and her balls began to ache furiously as soon as she heard or
saw English and after six weeks her mind simply refused to understand
English anymore. When Mistress Na spoke to Lien in English or Lien was
shown even very simple English texts, she registered no comprehension.
Her mind simply refused to understand it anymore, since English was now
associated only with pain, not comprehension. 

Lien knew that something important had been taken from her, but at the
same time her old personality had been all but erased. Lien could no
longer remember a time when she had not been Master's slave. As the two
months of her basic training wound to a close, her earliest memories
were of Master catching her and fucking her during some kind of martial
arts practice. Lien had trouble believing the she had ever had anything
to do with martial arts, as a sissy she was much too feminine and weak
for that sort of thing, but she thought that she might have been a
spectator or involved with one of the fighters. Surely she hadn't been a
fighter herself? 

When the two moths were over Mistress Na had reason to be proud. Lien
had turned into a very obedient little slut with some exceptional sexual
skills. All the men Master had sent for this part of her training had
had nothing but praise for the last week of her training. Mistress Na
now stood in eager anticipation of Master's verdict. Would he like what
Lien had been turned into or not? If he approved of what Mistress Na had
accomplished, there was a very slim chance that he might actually grant
her one of the extremely rare orgasms he sometimes doled out to very
obedient slaves. If he did not approve Mistress Na was sure to spend
many hours, if not days, screaming in pain. 

On the day Master would come to claim his little slut, the trainer and
the slave stood waiting for Master in the same way: Side by side, hands
on their backs, chest out, head down and feet together. Mistress Na as
usual dressed in red, rubber full body suit, whereas Lien wore only a
broad, black leather collar, her severe, black, leather corset and a
pair of black Oxfords with shiny metal heels, seven inches high. Both
were trembling with anticipation. 

They only knew the day on which he would arrive and not the time, so
they were ready at dawn, standing dutifully at attention. Master,
however, did not see any need to arrive early, so the two slaves had
stood at attention for more than six hours when he finally arrived. Yet
none of them were displeased with Master for being late. Rather both
felt their hearts leap with joy as they heard his familiar footsteps and
the footsteps of those accompanying him. 

Master wasted no time on greeting and simply let Mistress Na stand at
attention while he examined and ultimately tested Lien. First he ran his
hands over every inch of her body, searching for imperfections, areas of
skin not to his liking. Finding none, he stood back and circled her
again in search of things that displeased his eye. Again he found
nothing and he turned to testing her abilities in the Chinese language
and her lack of same when it came to English. As the test progressed
Master had to admit, if only to himself, that Mistress Na had done a
superb job. The stupid bitch actually spoke perfect Chinese, even if she
did lisp a little because of her lack of teeth, and even more impressive
was her complete lack of comprehension when he spoke English to her. 

Finally it was time to test her sexual skills. To test her abilities
with her hands, feet and other extremities he had brought a selection of
associates to judge Lien. Over the next hour, while Mistress Na stood by
trembling with fear, each of these associates declared Lien to be an
absolute expert. Those who had sampled Xue's skills declared that Xue
was the only one they had ever met who was better. Finally Master tried
Lien out for himself. First he had her kneel and perform a blowjob. Lien
had been looking forward to Master's touch for a long time and now she
threw all her energy into pleasing him. Master was impressed. The only
mouth he had ever sampled that was better, was indeed Xue's, generally
considered to a marvel. Master also wanted to test Lien's skills with
her marvelously wide and welcoming ass, so before she made him cum,
Master turned her around and pushed her head down as he mounted her from
behind. Lien's skill with this, her most inviting feature, proved to be
the most pleasant. As Master rode towards a glorious orgasm he judged
that when it came to working her ass, Lien was actually even better that
Xue. 

When he had shot his load into Lien's hungry and welcoming ass, Master
rose and lifted up Mistress Na's face: "Good work," he simply said and
saw her face express her extreme relief and gratitude. Directed at one
of his attending slave, a feminine young man, naked save for a pair of
stilettos and a chastity device, he then went on: "Undo her chastity
device." Mistress Na fell to the ground, kissing his feet as she babbled
out her thanks. The slave removed the steel wire holding her labia
together, then first unlocked and finally lifted away the mesh cup
"protecting" her clitoris. It had been secured by tiny locks, fastened
to piercings in the upper part of her labia. Then Master told Lien to
get him ready again, a task she sprang to with obvious delight. In
seconds she had him hard and he turned his attention to Mistress Na. He
wasted no time as he tied her hands together behind her back and lifted
her up to sit on his cock. She actually cried with gratitude as he slid
into her sopping wet cunt. Her first orgasm was not long coming and it
seemed to Master and the others that she hardly stopped coming the whole
time he fucked her. Finally as his own orgasm approached, he closed his
hands around her throat, denying her air during the final orgasm. Her
own panic at being denied air only seemed to drive her even wilder and
she experienced one of the most glorious orgasms of her life as she
passed out from lack of air. 

When she regained consciousness, lying on the floor in a puddle of
Master's juices, she began thanking Master with incoherent babbles.
Master barely acknowledged this as he ordered the slave to sew her cunt
back up. While the slave sowed Mistress Na back up, Master had Lien, who
stood with a happy smile on her face as Master's cum ran down the inside
of her leg, tied with an armbinder, gagged and hooded. Then after
Mistress Na had been sown back up and released from her bonds, he
attached a leash to Lien's cock and led her off in much the same way she
had arrived. 




Chapter 4
The ride to Master's residence was completely uneventful for
Lien. The whole way she lay in the trunk of his limousine, hooded and
gagged, with her legs strapped together and her arms secured with the
armbinder. The trip may have been uneventful, but Lien wasn't bored. She
spent the whole trip fantasizing about her new life, of how she would
serve Master constantly, of how she would show him her devotion in all
things she did. She also dared hope that he would occasionally reward
her with an orgasm. Her whole body ached for an orgasm and her balls had
by now reached the state where they were constantly sore and tender from
being denied too long. It was the normal state for all Master's slaves.
Orgasms for the slaves were rare indeed. 

Lien was bursting with happy anticipation as she was pulled from the
trunk of Master's car and dragged into his enormous mansion to begin her
life as his sissy-slave in earnest. She just couldn't wait to get
started. 

Her idea that she might be allowed to serve Master constantly, was soon
proven both true and false. It was true in the sense that all she did
was exclusively to serve him. Her every move, every little thing she
did, was only to please Master. But pleasing Master did not require his
physical presence. Pleasing Master could also mean washing dishes for
hours, licking a dirty tile floor clean or even licking a filthy toilet
until it sparkled. Most of her service was keeping his house in order
along with the other slaves. 

Master had many, many slaves. Lien gradually got an idea of just how
many he had as her duties took her all over his estate. Lien slept
together with twenty other completely feminized sissy-slaves in a tiny,
windowless room deep below the house. The twenty feminized slaves slept
together on a single large mattress, with so little space that they
couldn't even turn. Not that any of them complained. First of all
everybody was hooded and gagged while they slept, and more than that
they were all bound in black, rubber straightjackets and their legs and
their stilettos-clad feet were strapped together. Secondly, all
complaints resulted in brutal punishment. And finally, none of the
slaves thought they were being treated poorly. They were all deeply
grateful that Master would have them and they all understood that they
were nothing but filthy slaves, worthy of only the most demeaning
treatment. 

The room right next to the one Lien slept in was occupied by twenty more
sissy-slaves, although these differed from Lien and her sisters in that
they didn't have particularly feminine features and shapes, they were
just dressed in stilettos, like Lien was, and like Lien their bodies
were hairless and their mouths smooth and toothless. In these two rooms,
with their forty occupants, were all the lowest house-slaves. Master had
five other slaves to boss her and her sissy-sisters around, supervisor
slaves if you will, and another five slaves with very special talents
who were not required to do housework, at least not in the conventional
sense. Among these was Xue. 

These fifty slaves were just the house-slaves. Outside in the stables
were the ponies, of which there were about thirty, mostly paired
pony-boys dragging carts, but also some Master rode more or less
bareback. And the stables right outside the house was just one of his
pony compounds. There was also the one where Lien had been trained,
which housed at least thirty more ponies and Lien also overheard
conversations discussing two other pony facilities. Lien had no idea how
many these facilities housed, but she guessed that none of them had less
than twenty occupants. Apart from the different stables, Master also
trained and sold slaves, sissies or just boy-toys, at other facilities.
As time went by and she heard more and more, Lien realized that Master
probably had at least 150 slave boys and sissy-slaves, just for himself.
To that number came the ones he trained and sold, a number Lien had no
idea what was, but which had to be in the hundreds as well, if not
larger. 

Master was one of the biggest suppliers of sissy-slaves and boy-toys in
the world, catering not only the growing number of wealthy Chinese, but
to the whole world. Listening to the conversations Master had with his
men Lien heard of a few competitors, the biggest of which was a man
called Master Farrell. Master talked of him with great respect and Lien
got the distinct impression that the man was more of a friend than a
competitor. 

Time went on and for more a year Lien only saw Master when he passed her
in the hallway, Lien kneeling with her head touching the ground in
submission, or on the rare occasions she was allowed to serve at dinner
parties and such. Only once did he stop, turn her around and mount her
from behind. The incident made Lien cry with joy, something Master only
saw as completely natural. 

It seemed that in spite of her talents as a sex-slave Master was
determined to teach her a lesson in complete and total obedience by
letting her do menial tasks together with the other house-slaves. Along
with the other house-slaves she toiled all day long to make sure
everything was perfect in Master's household. The twenty slaves Lien
belonged to were all dressed the same: A broad collar made of shiny
steel, steel cuffs on the wrists, a brutal black corset, which in Lien'
case reduced her waist to a mere sixteen inches, a very tight and very
short maid's uniform made from thick, black rubber and finally a pair of
shiny, black plastic boots, ankle high with seven-inch stilettos. The
house-slaves wore heels constantly and they all soon lost the ability to
stand flat-footed. This was all they ever wore, except of course for the
straightjacket they wore at night. They cleaned and cooked and provided
sexual service to the many guests Master entertained at his house, but
only very rarely did he use them himself. 

But there was one sexual activity that every slave in Master's household
"enjoyed". Once a day, right before the slaves were tied up for bed, the
slaves were tied down and their chastity devices removed. Then they were
teased for a solid hour before their sex was once again imprisoned
without being allowed release. To save time it was usually done in
pairs: one slave was tied while the other one teased her and after an
hour they switched roles. This also insured that the slaves were really
teased and kept on the very brink. After being kept on the brink for an
hour it was payback time. 

These long and frustrating sessions took place in the cold and dank
hallways deep beneath the house, in the slave's quarters. Along the
walls a steel bar was mounted at about shoulder height. When it was time
for the teasing Lien's hands were chained to her collar and her collar
was chained to the steel bar. Then one of the supervising slaves would
free her member, which instantly became rock-hard, and the slave she had
been paired with would begin stroking and licking it, always making sure
that Lien was never allowed to cum. After about five minutes the hallway
would echo with pleading and crying as the slaves were reduced to tears
of frustration. Always the supervisors would make sure that no one was
allowed to cum and Master himself often inspected this part of his
slaves' everyday life. Not only did he enjoy the sight and sound of
slave suffering, but also he wanted to make sure that no one came
without his permission. 

While Lien was a house-slave this only happened once. The pair right in
front of Lien was a pair of pretty Chinese boys in their mid-twenties,
and none of them had been slaves for more than a couple of months. They
had not been feminized, but were merely hairless boy-toys, wearing only
collar, cuffs and stiletto boots. All the pairs had switched and the
second hour of torment had almost passed. Lien was standing directly
opposite the two young boy-toys, chained to the wall, her vision blurred
by tears as she pleaded desperately for release. In front of her, her
tormentor was kneeling, a pretty Indian sissy, who was licking Lien's
cock for all she was worth, paying back Lien as it were, for the teasing
she had received herself. 

Suddenly the slave-boy in front of Lien began to pant harder and harder,
his excitement mounting as the one kneeling in front of him lost control
of his cock. The one teasing realized his error too late and tried
stopping the other's orgasm by pinching his balls hard. Not only was it
much too late, but the other slave was a pain-slave who loved having
someone causing him pain. He came with a ferocious cry of orgasmic joy,
his terrible transgression momentarily forgotten as his cum shot out
with suck force that the first squirt struck Lien's tits, smearing them
with a surprising amount of cum. The second was a little less powerful,
but still deposited an impressive amount of jism in the hair of the
sissy kneeling in front of Lien. His orgasm continued as the other one
looked on in terror, spewing out more jism than Lien thought it was
possible for a human to contain. The supervising slaves were quickly at
hand as he shot the last of his load, his hips thrusting forward with
the last of his orgasm. 

The supervisors looked terrified, but still quickly sent for Master.
Master arrived shortly. As always he was dressed sharply and looked
stunning. However, he did not look pleased. No, he definitely didn't
look pleased. 

He barked out a string of commands and soon all the other slaves were
chained to the steel bars along the hallway, including the slave bosses.
In the center of the room the two unfortunate slaves dangled from the
ceiling, suspended by their wrists, their legs tied very wide to the
bars along the walls. The two unfortunates were well aware that they
were in terrible trouble and both were pleading for mercy. None was
forthcoming. 

First Master attended to the slave who had cum. His cock was still free
and was actually erect and throbbing as if he was aroused by the
situation. Master fixed this soon enough. Making the slave scream with
terror, he took out a nutcracker and placed it around the slaves left
testicle. Then, savoring the moment, he slowly closed the nutcracker on
the testicle. The testicle gradually got a completely unnatural shape,
turning bluish in the process. The slave screamed until he vomited and
passed out. Patiently Master removed the nutcracker and woke the slave
up using smelling salt. When the slave was awake again he used the
nutcracker on the same testicle again, again making the slave pass out
from the pain and again waking him patiently so the torture could
continue. Master repeated this process ten times on that one testicle
alone, until it was blue and completely shapeless, damaged beyond
repair. Then he turned his attention to the same slave's other testicle.
The slave had seemed to have lost all his strength and had hung limply,
croaking weakly at the last of Master's efforts. But when Master started
on his other testicle, some of his strength returned and his desperate
screaming resumed. Again taking his time, Master destroyed the other
testicle completely as well. By now the slave had been reduced to a
whimpering wreck, but Master wasn't finished with yet, wasn't finished
teaching the other slaves a lesson they would remember for the rest of
their miserable lives: Never cum without permission. 

Master left the slaves hanging as he went to fetch a few items. The
smell in the hallway was awful as most of the slaves had either vomited
or soiled themselves with fear or disgust or both. Lien had vomited when
Master had used the nutcracker for the second time and when he had
turned his attention to testicle number two, she had felt her bladder
let go and a turd creep down the inside of her leg as she shit herself
with fear. Now they all stood in the terrible stench waiting for
Master's next move. 

When he returned he had two items with him: an iron, which he plugged
into a wall socket, letting it warm up, and a pair of solid looking
scissors. The last item made the already mutilated slave scream anew and
made most of the other slaves whimper with terror. Master patiently
waited for the iron to heat up and then approached the poor slave who
tried pleading with a completely broken voice. But of course there was
no mercy. When the iron was hot, Master grabbed the slave's broken
testicles with one hand and pulled them down as far as possible, once
again making the slave scream in pain. Then he used the scissors to cut
them off as close to the crotch as possible. The slave made a desperate
sound, a cross between a whimper and a scream, and passed out. This time
Master didn't try to wake him up as he fetched the hot iron and used it
to cauterize the wound and stop the bleeding. As the smell of burnt
flesh spread in the hallway, every last one of the house-slaves vomited
again and those who hadn't already shit themselves did so. The pain from
the hot iron had woken the slave again and now he screamed as he looked
down and saw his mutilated testicles lying in a pool of shit and blood. 

But Master didn't pay him any more attention. Instead he turned to the
other slave, the one who had been sloppy and allowed another slave to
cum. The boy was completely desperate with terror, crying and whimpering
as Master came ever closer. Unlike the other slave, he had not cum
himself and his member was still imprisoned. Master now informed him
that while the other slave had merely lost control over himself, this
slave had performed a terrible job and lost control over another slave
as well. This meant that not only would he be castrated like his friend,
but also his castration process would be much longer and more painful.
Furthermore he wouldn't even be allowed one last orgasm. The message
made the boy scream with terror. 

Master merely smiled brightly at his fright and started the torture. At
first it was the same as it had been with the other disobedient little
shit, apart from the fact that this one didn't even have his chastity
tube removed. Master used the nutcracker with great energy and after a
very long while the boy's balls were shapeless lumps of bruised pain.
But it didn't stop there. Master took it a step further by skewering the
boy's testicles with several long and very dull knitting needles. By
then the slave had lost his voice and all the sounds he produced were
strange croaking sounds. As he thrashed and twisted uselessly in his
bonds, his face was contorted with pain and all the veins in his neck
and face stood out. When Master had pierced the slave's balls with four
knitting needles each, he used a narrow paddle of sorts to pound the
boy's damaged testicles, again taking care to wake him up whenever he
passed out. Finally, after beating the slave way past hysteria, Master
performed the same kind castration on the second slave as he had on the
first slave and they both hung limply in their bonds. 

He briefly told supervisor slaves that they would get their rightful
punishment tomorrow before addressing all the terrified slaves: "Never,
ever disobey me, you useless sluts! Never, ever cum without my
permission! Because of these two worthless, and now also sexless, sluts
it will be at least a year before any of you have even the possibility
of being allowed to cum. Think hard about how to best please me." Then
he turned on his heel, leaving all the house-slaves chained to the wall,
except for the two castrated slave-boys who were left hanging from their
wrists. Lien and the others spent a terrible, sleepless night standing
up in the foul-smelling hallway, the two brutally punished slaves
dangling in front of them the whole time. 

Early the next morning one of Master's five special slaves unlocked them
all and they were allowed to wash up and clean the hallway. The two
castrated slaves were taken down and carried away. The supervisors were
punished the following day with savage beatings of their balls and
ferocious whippings of their tits. Obedience in all the slaves who had
seen the punishment reached hysterical levels and most times they didn't
even dare make a sound unless something very painful was being done to
them. Every house-slave reached a level of perfection never before seen.

Lien was sure that the two castrated slaves must be dead, but one
morning two months later she was proven wrong. All the house-slaves were
called into the dark and dank room they used as a toilet and bath.
Before the house-slaves had gone to the toilet in two large holes in the
floor. Not any more. 

Where the two holes had been were now mounted two large glass tubes on
top of which was a funnel leading down into the interior of the tube.
Mounted inside the glass tubes were the two castrated slaves. Their arms
and legs had been removed along with all the remaining hair on their
heads. Even their eyebrows were gone. The tubes were actually too small
for them and the glass sides squeezed them, holding in place so that
they couldn't even squirm. A large bore pipe went into their asses and a
very large bore catheter went into their cocks, thus collecting all the
waste they produced. Finally their heads had been bent as far backwards
as they would go and the funnel had been led deep into their throats,
removing all possibility of ever expelling it. 

The two castrated slaves had been turned into human toilets for the
house-slaves, who were forbidden to ever deposit their waste any other
place. Not only would all fifty house-slaves shit and piss into their
mouths, but they would also deposit the waste from the five enemas each
received every morning. 

Lien was shocked. She was filled with a deep need and desire to please
Master at all cost. Over the next months Lien expelled her waste into
the open mouths of the two castrated slaves every day and she watched
their eyes plead soundlessly and hopelessly for release that would never
come. Lien was with Master for many years and the two human toilets were
there all the time, meticulously kept alive as a warning to the other
slaves. After setting that example, Master never again experienced a
slave cuming without permission. 

Lien and her fellow slaves went back to work, slaving all day for
Master. Despite the brutal torture she had witnessed, Lien still loved
Master deeply and wished with all her heart only to serve him. The
brutality she had witness only made her more devoted as she realized
what a wonderfully uncompromising Master she had. If only she could
prove herself worthy to serve him in a more personal way. She longed to
get fucked by him. 

He didn't fuck her in person for quite a while, but a great many others
did. Master's associates frequently used her talented ass and mouth, but
usually one at a time. One day, however, Lien and four other sissies
were pulled aside. They were gagged, hooded and their arms bound with
armbinders. Then, without a word of explanation, they were led off. A
few minutes later they were all thrown into the trunk of car. The car
had a very big trunk, but still it was very cramped. Lien lay the whole
trip, which lasted well over an hour, with someone's stiletto pushed all
the way up her ass. Finally they arrived and Lien and the others were
pulled from the trunk and helped to stand. Then their hoods were removed
along with their gags and armbinders. When her eyes had adjusted to the
light, Lien saw that she was standing on a large dirt covered parade
ground in what looked like an army base. 

As she stood there a number of trucks began to arrive. When the first
five trucks were parked, soldiers began to jump out of the back of them.
They were filthy and looked like they had been on maneuvers for more
than a week. Suddenly one of the men who had led them away spoke: "These
brave men have been out on exercise for a month. Master wishes to give
his former colleagues in the army a little gift." Lien's heart almost
stopped as she guessed what came next. "Master has given them your
service, for as many times as they should wish, for as long as they
wish. Make Master proud." As he turned to leave all the sissies
curtseyed and then turned to face the soldiers. 

The soldiers in turn had spotted the sexy sissies and began eyeing them
with great interest. Lien shivered with fear and anticipation. It had
always been one of her secret dreams to be gang-banged, but she feared
that this would be too much. She would have to service a whole truck!
This soon proved to be untrue as another row of trucks pulled into the
parade ground and soldiers jumped out. In the meantime the officers had
instructed the men that they could fuck the sissy-slaves as much as they
liked. The soldiers then ran towards the sissies to be the first to fuck
one. And still more trucks pulled in. When Lien was bent over to get
fucked up the ass by one soldier while blowing another, the number of
trucks had reached twenty and more were coming. 

Lien had no idea of for how long she was fucked by the soldiers. They
fucked her brutally for hours and hours and most of the time she
serviced four at a time: one in each end, and one with each hand. She
swallowed so much cum that she thought she would burst. Her ass was
constantly leaking cum in a thick stream down her leg and indeed her
whole body was smeared with a thick layer of cum. It was in her ears,
her hair, her eyebrows and it stung her eyes as it ran down her face.
After a couple of hours she was slippery with semen. And still the
soldiers kept fucking her. Her arms grew tired from jerking them off,
her jaws and tongue ached from the never-ending blowjobs and her ass
began to feel like some had driven a train up into it. 

As night fell she saw in brief glimpses how the other sissies had
collapsed and fainted dead away. Not that it stopped the soldiers from
using them. The unconscious sissies were fucked in both ends by the
fabulously horny soldiers, paying no heed to the fact that they had
collapsed from the brutal treatment. The parade ground was by now lined
with trucks; many places parked two or more deep. Had she had the breath
to do so Lien would have whimpered with fear, but her mouth was
constantly filled by filthy soldier cocks, unwashed after a month away
from the amenities of home. Gradually she felt her strength drain away.
First her arms became too tired to even keep up and she had to stop
giving handjobs as her arms dangled uselessly down. Then she lost all
strength in her tongue as was she simply too tired to move it and
finally she fell mercifully unconscious as dawn broke the next day. 

When she woke up it was midday and someone was shaking her. Lien was
very cold, but above all she was in pain. Her whole body ached and she
was sure that she would never be able to close her ass again. She tried
opening her eyes, but thick cakes of cum had sealed them shut and her
arms were still too tired to be of use. Finally she felt a stream of hot
piss hitting her upturned face, washing away the thick layer of stiff
cum that covered her face. Her eyes stinging she looked up and saw that
it was Master himself who had been pissing on her face. Lien's heart
swelled with gratitude and she croaked out her undying affection for the
cruel man who stood towering above her. 

He looked at her with surprising tenderness and said: "You have
performed adequately, slave," he said. Then he walked away, leaving
Lien, who was crying with gratitude at his remark, to be gathered up by
two of his attendants. Lien and the other thoroughly fucked sissies were
put into rubber sacks that covered their whole body leaving only the
head sticking out. The sacks were encircled by heavy-duty straps with
eight-inch intervals from their feet to their necks and finally they
were gagged and hooded. Thus completely covered in rubber their filthy,
cum-covered bodies couldn't soil the truck they were thrown into for the
trip home. 

Back at Master's house it took almost two weeks before the five
gang-banged sissies were able to walk properly again. The first three
days they were confined to bed, unable to move without moaning with
pain, held in straightjackets and hoods as much for their own protection
as anything else. On the fourth day they were ordered to get up and
start their daily routine along with the rest of the house-slaves. Lien
moaned with pain as she tried walking. It felt like all the skin on the
inside of her ass had been sanded away and the pain in her ass was so
intense that she thought she might never mend properly. Her arms still
trembled with exhaustion and her voice had been reduced to a broken
croak. She was unable to walk properly and instead she stooped forward,
waddling helplessly as she was unable to keep her legs together enough
to walk like she had before. Every movement was associated with pain and
work was slow. This of course resulted in further punishment, but the
supervisors showed restraint in these punishments, taking care not to
damage the already damaged sissies further. As it was, a slight tap on
the inside of Lien's thigh was enough to make her scream with pain, and
that was enough for the supervisors. 

After almost two weeks the five gang-banged slaves were finally up to
speed and could resume their normal duties. Lien was still terribly
concerned that her ass had been damaged beyond repair, so she was very
nervous when she was taken aside and pushed to her knees for the first
time since the fucking at the military base. The guy about to fuck her,
one of Master's stablehands, carefully lubed her ass before entering.
When he did there was pain for Lien, but there was also the gradually
dawning recognition by Lien that her ass was undamaged and that she was
able to perform her old tricks with it. The realization actually made
Lien scream with joy, a wild and savage scream that took the stablehand
completely by surprise. Out of pure joy she followed this up by giving
the stablehand the ride of his life. For once not being nice and docile,
she used her ass to pump the guy for all he was worth, several times
denying him a fast approaching orgasm only to bring him ever so close to
the edge again. When he finally came, he held her hips tightly as he
arched backward and howled with orgasmic joy. He filled ass up with more
cum than he had ever produced in a single shot before and fell dazed
back on his heels. 

This didn't stop Lien however. She was so filled with gratitude that she
immediately turned around and took his flaccid member in her mouth,
quickly getting him hard again while she cried out of sheer relief and
gratitude. The stablehand didn't understand what was happening as the
slaves were usually completely docile, but he recognized a good thing
when he saw it and let Lien do her worst. Soon he was rock-hard and
ready to go again. This time it was Lien who seized the initiative. She
pushed him gently backwards so that he lay on his back. Then she
squatted over him and lowered her ass ever so slowly on the stablehand's
cock, working it for all she was worth. She rode him hard, squatting
with her feet in their high heels planted on either side of him, facing
him as she kissed and caressed him out of relieved gratitude. She
finished him off by holding him tightly and kissing him deeply as he
shot his load up her warm and receptive ass. 

The stablehand wasn't stupid and saw that Lien was special. He instantly
reported her behavior to Master. Master smiled to himself when he heard
about her wanton behavior. He knew that Lien was indeed special. In fact
her stay with the house-slaves was merely to groom her, to test her and
to make her more complete as a slave before including her in his special
harem. For now, however, he wanted her to get the proper form back
before including her into his special harem. First order of business to
achieve this was to punish her for her undisciplined behavior. The
punishment was like a warm acceptance for Lien. Although it hurt a great
deal (Master whipped her tits brutally and shocked her balls badly) and
it made her scream and cry, she was truly grateful. To Lien Master's
punishment meant that he cared, that he wanted her to perform perfectly.
Was there any greater sign of affection between a Master and his slave
than that? Lien crawled her bruised and battered body over to kiss
Master's boots and croak out her thanks with a heart filled with love of
her cruel owner. 

Secondly Lien had to be guided back on tack as a slave, so Master put
her back to her old duties as a house-slave, but with twist. Lien now
got a large part of the responsibility for making sure that the ponies
were all sexually tormented as much as possible. Every evening she would
go to the stables along with a few other selected sissy-slaves to tease
the ponies for hours on end. 

The ponies were kept in tiny enclosures and were never allowed to lie
down. They stood with a huge dildo-pole shoved so far up their asses
that they couldn't even flex their knees. Their ankles were then
strapped to the pole and those who weren't already permanently sealed
inside thick rubber hoods with huge gags in their throats and mouths
were hooded and gagged before being allowed to sleep. The pairs were
positioned inches away from each other and they shared a double-ended
penis-gag as their heads and upper bodies were strapped together for the
night. When Lien came to administer their nightly sexual torture the
pairs had been turned so that they stood hip to hip, presenting their
needy cocks to her, rock-hard and ready for torture. 

Given the limited time she had, Lien only had time to torture about five
ponies or pairs of ponies every night. If the ponies were singles, she
backed her talented ass down on their throbbing pole and kept them on
the brink until they frothed at the mouth, their eyes wide and desperate
for release that would never come. If it was a pair she backed down one
pony's pole and rode him while teasing the other with her talented
hands. Halfway through she would switch horses so that both got the
"benefit" of her skilled ass. Lien soon became notorious in the stables.
The ponies who could see would whinny with fear as she entered the
stables and one pony actually cried whenever he saw Lien approaching his
pen. 

Master heard of this and after a few more months he decided that Lien
was ready for his special harem. 




Chapter 5
One morning Lien was one of three sissy-slaves were cleaning
the slave toilets. The two others were using their tongues to clean the
floor meticulously. Meanwhile Lien was using her tongue to clean the
toilets. She was carefully licking the funnel leading down into the
mouth of castrated toilet-slaves, making sure that the funnels were
absolutely spotless. Failing to do so might result in getting installed
as a toilet and Lien wanted to avoid that at all cost. She really hated
eating shit, but she knew that she had to do it to please Master.
Thinking about Master made it all right. 

Just as she was finishing the last of the human toilets, she heard the
hard clicking of stilettos on the hard concrete floor. Seeing that it
was one of slave supervisors she immediately dropped to her knees along
with other two toilet cleaners. The heels came to a halt right in front
of Lien and the light soprano of a sissy, who had once been a sergeant
in the Chinese army, came from above her head: "Lien, you are to clean
your filthy mouth and face and be ready for inspection by Master himself
in half-an-hour." As Lien's heart began to pound with happy anticipation
the two other, now very envious sissy-slaves, were dismissed and the
slave-supervisor looked on as Lien carefully cleaned her face and mouth
and straightened her rubber maid's uniform. When she looked good enough
and smelled good enough she was led before Master. 

Lien followed the slave boss dutifully up, out of the basement and into
Master's innermost quarters where she had only been a few times before
and then only to clean them. Everything about Master's quarters spelled
good taste and luxury. Extreme luxury. When Lien was shown before him,
he was sitting behind his desk in his discrete, yet obviously extremely
luxurious, office. Reclined in his Scandinavian designer chair, Master
was dressed in a light Italian suit and to Lien he looked beautiful,
almost like a god, which for all intents and purposes he was to Lien.
With as much grace as she could muster considering that her knees were
almost buckling from lust at seeing him like this, Lien dropped first to
her knees and then forward onto her face to worship Master. Right behind
her the slave boss who had fetched her, did the same thing as she said:
"Master, may it please you Master, the worthless sissy-slut Lien." 

Above their heads Master snorted derisively as he came around the table,
dismissing the slave-supervisor as he walked. Lien heard her footsteps
retreat but kept her face pressed to the ground as Master came to stand
right in front of her, his fine, hand-crafted Italian shoes hovering
just at the edge of her vision. For a while he just stood there, letting
her stew, filling up with doubt, but finally he spoke: ""Lien, you are a
useless slut, like all the worthless creeps that hang around licking my
toilets." Doubt really crept into Lien's mind. Was she here to be
seriously punished? Then he continued: "But you have shown some small
measure of talent with regard to your sexual skills. And since I have
such a limited amount of useless material to select my slaves from, you
are being incorporated in my special team of sex slaves. You will be
serving along with Xue and her sisters." 

At first it didn't really sink in, but when she realized what had just
been said to her, she cried with gratitude. She kissed Master's feet as
she babbled out her incoherent thanks. Master let her carry on for a
little while before putting an end to the spectacle. He grabbed a
handful of her hair and yanked Lien to her feet. Looking straight into
her eyes he admonished her: "Enough. You have plenty of reason to be
grateful, but you are one of my special slaves now and that position
requires style and poise. You must at all times strive for elegance and
grace. Making a fool of yourself will no longer be tolerated." To
emphasize his point he slapped her face brutally a few times before
letting go of her hair. Lien quickly recovered. She definitely didn't
want to disappoint Master so she gathered herself in a hurry,
apologizing in a subdued tone to her beloved Master. He nodded to
himself as he turned and pressed a button on his intercom: "Send for
Xue," he said into the microphone. Then he simply returned to his
paperwork, leaving Lien standing a little confused. 

Very soon there was a gentle knock on the door. At Master's prompting it
was opened and Xue entered. She quickly walked up Master's desk and
assumed the supplicating position, on her knees with her face pressed to
the ground. When he had received her greetings, Master told Xue that
Lien was now one of his special slaves and that Xue was to instruct her
in her new duties. Xue took Lien by the hand and led her from Master's
office. 

On the way out they passed Master's secretary. The woman was in her late
sixties and had been with Master for most of her life. She had been a
young nanny in the household Master had grown up in and when the kids
became young adults she had stayed on as a maid of sorts. This had
perhaps been a mistake. Even before he had joined the army to begin his
military career, Master had been a very dominant young man. At fifteen
he had decided that the nanny should be his sex-slave. One afternoon he
had jumped her and tied her to his bed. Over the next few days he had
systematically tortured her into submission. His parents and brothers
and sisters had checked on his progress from time to time, but none had
intervened on her behalf. After a week she was all but broken. He made
her his with a series of mind-blowing orgasms and when it was over the
dazed and confused young nanny simply followed his every move, obeying
his every command because that was what she had been trained to do. He
imposed on her the same strict chastity policy as he later would on all
his slaves, equipping her with a chastity belt and keeping the key in a
very secure place. 

At home she became the family slave, but only the first such slave. Soon
the other children of the house began to show similar tendencies and the
house gradually filled up with slaves, male and female. So when Master
joined the army, the former nanny and the other house-slaves stayed
behind, slaving away for his parents and younger siblings. 

Being the son of a high-ranking party official it was easy for Master to
rise in the ranks and soon he had his own office, complete with his own
staff. The nanny was then installed as his secretary, a position she had
occupied ever since. By this time Master had begun enslaving young men
and in most cases sissifying them and the amount of sexual attention he
now paid his former nanny became very limited. She served him with the
complete and utter devotion her broken mind could offer and all she got
in return was a tiny bunk underneath her desk and bowl of rice soup a
couple of times a day. She serviced a great deal of men and women, but
never with her pussy, always with her mouth or ass. At night she lay
clutching her imprisoned pussy in the futile hope that Master would
grant her an orgasm soon. But the orgasms were few and far between. Only
on the anniversary of her enslavement would Master take off her chastity
belt to fuck her. If he wasn't home on his anniversary or didn't have
the time, she would have to do without for another year. In the almost
forty years she had been his slave, she had had less than twenty
orgasms, but in spite of her age she still hoped for one every day.
Every day she worked hard to stay in shape, look pretty and above all
please Master, just like his other slaves. She handled all his
secretarial duties and just like his other slaves she was sexually
available for anything Master, his associates or visitors might want. 

When Lien and Xue passed her she was kneeling in front of one of
Master's friends, giving the man a blowjob. The secretary might be
pushing seventy, but she certainly didn't look it. Her figure was
slender and sexy, dressed in a fine navy suit with a short skirt and
matching jacket. Underneath the jacket she wore a white shirt and on her
discretely stockinged feet were a pair of navy stilettos, shiny metal
heels six inches high. The only things giving away her age were her
hair, face and hands. Her hands were getting wrinkled and her hair,
pulled back in a tight bun, was now completely gray, but her face, while
clearly not young, didn't look anywhere near seventy years old.
Especially not when her lips were closed around a big, fat cock, her
eyes closed in concentration as she did her very best to blow the man.
One veined hand held the shaft, gently rubbing it, while the other hand
cupped the balls gently massaging them. The man held her head with both
hands and hardly noticed Lien and Xue passing. 

When they had left the room, closing the door behind them, Xue stopped
and turned to Lien, looking deeply into her eyes. She laid a hand on
Lien's arm and whispered: "I'm so glad you are joining us. I've longed
for you ever since Master first enslaved you." Lien almost moaned out
loud with lust. She felt the same way. Being Master's slave and serving
him was of course her first and biggest love, but Xue touched something
in her sissy heart and had done so since the very first time she had
seen her. Lien loved Xue and the prospect of serving Master together
with her made Lien's heart swell with pride and joy. And Xue looked
stunning this day. Dressed in white, her color since her name meant
"snow", she looked supremely sexy in her rubber outfit. She was dressed
in a tiny, white rubber dress. It was strapless and squeezed her ample
breasts in an extremely sexy fashion. It hugged her body tightly,
revealing a very severe white corset underneath and ended just below the
gentle curve of her well-shaped ass, high enough in fact that Xue's
imprisoned genitals could just be glimpsed where the dress ended. Around
her neck was a thin white collar and on her feet were a pair of white
platform shoes, the platform three inches thick and the heels,
impossibly thin metal heels, were ten inches high. Lien's balls, already
running at high speed after the meeting with her beloved Master, began
to acquire that special overworked feeling they otherwise only got at
night when she was teased and tormented without release. Lien's cock
strained painfully against its prison and it was all she could do not to
moan. 

Xue smiled and led Lien onwards and down into the tiny room that housed
Master's chosen few. Considering that they were the envy of all the
other slaves, their room was tiny, much, much smaller than the room Lien
had occupied along with twenty other house-sissies. One wall was
occupied by a large closet holding their clothes and the opposite wall
was equipped with a strange arrangement looking like a bookcase for very
large books, with five shelves, three close to the ground and two right
on top of these. Lien would soon find out that that was their sleeping
place. In the room stood Master's three other special sissies. Apart
from Xue and herself they were Mei, Lin and Ashanti. Mei and Lin were
petite Chinese sissies. Mei's color was black and she had long, thick
jet-black hair reaching all the way down to her knees held only by a
single band just behind her neck but otherwise flowing freely. On her
small, voluptuous body was a dress exclusively from black rubber. It
started as a broad black collar around her neck and extended all the way
down to the floor, so that you could only just glimpse her shoes, which
like Xue's were platforms with ten-inch heels. The dress clung to her
curves, again revealing a tightly corseted body and extended to the
middle of Mei's upper arms, where a pair of black, rubber gloves took
over. The only skin Mei showed to the world was her face and the skin
exposed by the large teardrop-shaped cutout revealing her ample
cleavage. Next to Mei stood Lin and her color, chosen of course by
Master, was yellow. Like Mei she had thick jet-black hair, but unlike
Mei's it was cut in a short and cute pageboy. Her dress was exactly the
same as Xue's, strapless and ultra-short, but in yellow rubber instead
of white. Another difference compared to Xue was her tits. Where Xue had
quite large breasts, Lin's were enormous, perhaps as much as 60FFF.
Combined with her very petite frame they made her look somewhat
freakish. Super-sexy for sure, but freakish just the same. Her shoes
were the same ten-inch platforms only in yellow instead of white.
Finally there was Ashanti, the only sissy who had not been given a
Chinese name, but rather an African sounding one. The reason for this
was obvious. Ashanti was black, so black in fact that Lien had never
seen anything quite like it. Popularly speaking, Ashanti was as black as
midnight, so black that the perfect whites surrounding her black eyes
looked like they shone. Ashanti was also devastatingly sexy, slender
with a tight, but well-rounded ass and a pair of perfect tits and large
welcoming lips, just like Xue. For Ashanti Master had chosen the color
red, deep almost burgundy red. The effect was devastatingly sexy and
Ashanti stood as the color opposite of Xue, making the two the perfect
pair when Master was showing off his slaves. The fact that her mouth was
nearly as talented as Xue's only made their comparison more natural.
Ashanti was dressed in the same way as Lin and Xue, only all her clothes
were red. Just like the others she was severely corseted. 

Lien was overwhelmed by the sight of the super-sexy sissy-slaves waiting
for her, and she was filled with a strong desire to have sex with each
of them. For their part the others looked just as horny, but perhaps
also a bit nervous. After a short awkward pause Lien was introduced and
a subdued conversation took place between the sissy-sluts. During this
conversation Lien was told what was expected of her (much the same as
had been before) and she was given a brief introduction as to the kind
of services she was expected to provide (pretty much anything). It
turned out that the reason for their nervousness was the uncertainty as
to the fate of Liens predecessor, a sissy who was also named Lien. That
the sissy she had replaced had also been called Lien was hardly a
coincidence. Xue had replaced a sissy called Xue and Lin, Mei and
Ashanti had also replaced sissies bearing the same name as themselves.
It spoke of a frightening degree of planning on Master's part. Lien's
predecessor had been taken away just a few hours ago without warning and
the four others had been locked into their room and told to prepare for
her replacement. They may have missed their friend, but apparently they
bore no ill will towards Lien. They treated her very nicely and there
was a lot of stroking and frustrated kissing. They were after all bimbos
all of them, horny little sissies without too much brains. Whatever
capacity for higher thinking they might have had before Master laid his
hands on them, had long since been beaten out of them. As with all his
slaves, they lived only to please him. 

After some more frustrated kissing and stroking, Lien was given her new
outfit. She thought it was absolutely adorable and it certainly
underlined her status as bimbo-slave. For Lien Master had chosen the
color pink and her outfit was a pretty pink maid's uniform. It was very
short, shorter even than those worn by Xue, Lin and Ashanti and the very
large cutout for her tits was lined with white rubber ruffles. On her
feet were the same platform shoes, with the three-inch platform and the
ten-inch heels. Except for the heels, which were shiny metal, the shoes
were pink to match the rest of the outfit. Lien's hands were covered
with pink rubber gloves that ended with white rubber ruffles at her
wrists and around her neck was a broad, pink collar. Even with her
imprisoned genitals clearly exposed by her ridiculously short skirt,
Lien felt pretty and as she stood dressed properly for the first time it
was quite clear that the other sissies thought so too. 

Thus dressed and introduced to her new status, it was time for Lien to
meet Master in that capacity for first time. As she left the room and
headed for Master's bedroom where she had been instructed to report, she
thought the others seemed distinctly envious, but then again which
little sissy wouldn't be envious of another sissy going to see her
beloved Master? 

Lien felt very pretty and very grateful towards Master as she heard his
voice ordering her into his bedroom. Once inside her heart missed almost
stopped as she saw Master completely naked, his beautiful cock at full
mast. Lien fell to the floor and crawled across it to greet and thank
her wonderful Master. But it turned out that Master didn't really have
time for all that greeting and thanking nonsense. Master wanted to
punish and Master wanted to fuck, all for the sport of it and who was
Lien to disagree? As Master made her get down on all fours so that he
could start by whipping her ass followed by a vigorous ass-fucking Lien
was in heaven. This was what she had dreamed of doing every minute of
her existence as a house-slave, every time she licked the toilets clean
with utter devotion. This was what made her happy as a slave. As Master
pumped in and out of her beaten ass, Lien moaned with real passion as
she worked that talented ass for all she was worth. And Master had to
admit that he had been right. Lien's ass was the most talented around. 

After filling up her ass with his cum, Master ripped Lien's miniscule
maid's outfit off and tied her hands in a backprayer. Although quite
painful, Lien quite liked to be tied up like that. It increased her
feeling of helplessness and insured that her chest was exposed and
undefended (not that she would ever raise a hand against someone who
desired to punish her tits). That was exactly what Master had in mind.
He launched himself into a furious assault on Lien's magnificent 44FFF
tits. First he kneaded then brutally, before moving on to twisting and
pinching them, lavishing special attention to the long and hard nipples.
He soon had Lien screaming and crying, a most delicious sound. Finally,
after much kneading, pinching, twisting and even punching he grabbed
Lien's tits hard, pushed them together and fucked them. The fucking was
ruthless and lasted for a long time before he shot his load, smearing
her face with his jism. 

Afterwards Lien lay panting with the effort of keeping up with his
furious strokes, whereas Master barely seemed out of breath. He allowed
her to rest for a little while simply placing himself on her chest and
letting her lick his cock gently. This of course was only easy for him,
as her breath was hampered by his weight and the sheer size of her tits
meant that she had to crane very far forward too even reach his cock. Of
course Master merely thought that this extra effort was what a slave
should put into everything. After about twenty minutes of diligent
licking Master was hard again and Lien was almost blue in the face from
the effort combined with her difficulty in breathing. It was hard enough
to breathe now that her waist had been reduced to sixteen inches, but
when someone sat on her chest and forced her to do straining work, it
almost made her faint with lack of air. 

When Master was hard, he got off and quickly flipped her over on her
stomach. He positioned her on her knees with her ass sticking almost
straight up in the air. Then he first whipped her lightly before
entering her from behind. Although in pain and out of breath, Master's
cock in her ass made her very happy indeed. As his stroking increased in
pace her happiness only grew. Then, making Lien cry with joy, Master
freed her member. It sprang to life, ready and throbbing after more than
a year without release, a feeling so glorious that Lien almost came
right then and there. Luckily she managed to keep it under control as
Master grabbed her cock and began to stroke it gently. Lien was almost
ecstatic with joy and she began hoping for an actual orgasm when Master
put the plastic bag over her head. He slipped it on, holding it so that
it was a tight fit around her neck. Instant panic seized Lien. He was
going to kill her! She couldn't breathe, her every panicky breath pulled
the plastic bag further into her wide-open mouth as the inside of the
bag fogged over. Master tightened his grip on the bag and her neck and
pushed her plastic-covered face into the mattress. Lien's panic deepened
as her futile struggles did nothing to free her, but rather increased
the pace of Master's fucking and his stroking of her cock. There could
be no doubt that Master was killing her. Just then her orgasm came,
taking her completely by surprise as it thundered through her body. It
was easily the best and most intense orgasm of her life. Her entire
being was engulfed by the fantastic feeling as the orgasm combined with
the choking to produce an orgasm that made every muscle in Lien's body
spasm. Her jism pumped out of her as she twisted and thrashed, her body
no longer under her own control. Still Master did not let her breathe
and as the orgasm just continued to wrack her body with spasms of pure
orgasmic joy, Lien realized that Master was not going to take the bag
off and that she would die having the best orgasm of her life. As her
vision began to fade and all the sounds of the world dimmed and her
orgasm continued to roll over her, Lien felt no regret over dying. She
was deeply grateful towards Master for letting her become his slave and
for allowing her this final, fabulous orgasm. Then everything went black
while Lien's hips still made thrusting movements. 

She was started awake by the bitter smell of ammonia under her nose and
she tried instinctively to get away, jerking her head to one side. Then
she took a deep, whooping breath as she realized that Master hadn't
killed her after all, that she was still alive. She took several more
deep breaths and began to cry from relief and gratitude. Not only had
Master spared her worthless slave life, but he had also granted her a
fantastic orgasm. As she looked up through tears at her cruel and
merciless Master. Lien tried telling him just how much she loved him,
but he just smiled and got up. 

She could hear him leave the room and not long after she heard cautious
steps from high-heeled shoes. Ashanti and Mei had come for her. Both
looked down at her with mixture of pity and deep envy. Then they helped
her stand and led her off to the bathrooms. There they washed her down
and reattached her chastity tube and helped her dress. From across the
room the two toilet slaves followed the proceedings with desperate eyes.
Lien was still shaken and had to be supported as they walked back to
their quarters. Once inside Lien found that Xue and Lin were out giving
some lucky guy a fabulous orgasm, but that was all-right as Ashanti and
Mei gently told her of their own experiences from when Master had
inducted them into his special team of elite slaves. Both had been
convinced that Master was killing them by cutting off their air, while
granting them a fabulous orgasm, just like Lien. But he had done it in
somewhat different ways. Mei had had a thin cord tied around her neck
and this had been pulled up until her feet had left the ground. After
leaving her to dangle for a little while, Master had entered her from
behind and fucked her silly, while making sure that the noose was
tightened ever so slowly until all of Mei's breath had been cut off and
she was convinced that she was going to die. Just then had Master
brought her off and just as he had done to Lien, he had carried on until
Mei lost consciousness in the certain knowledge that she was dying. Mei
still shuddered with lust and fear as she thought about it. With Ashanti
it had been different. Here he had rammed his cock down her throat and
fucked her throat for so long that she was convinced that she was going
to choke. While Master had held on tightly to her head, Xue had sucked
Ashanti's cock and just as her vision had begun to darken Ashanti had
cum just as gloriously as Mei and Lien. And just like them she had lost
consciousness thinking that she was dying with Master's cock choking
her, while experiencing the most fantastic orgasm of her life. She too
shuddered as she spoke and beneath her tiny dress Lien could see her
imprisoned cock struggling futilely to break free. 

After telling her their story Mei and Ashanti told Lien further details
about her new life and then tucked her in for the night. First Lien was
stripped down until she wore nothing more than her corset and her heels.
Then she was equipped with a massive pink butt-plug, fitted with a
massive pink ball-gag and a tight pink straightjacket before being
hooded with a pink rubber hood. Then her legs were strapped together by
broad, pink rubber straps. Mei and Ashanti then lifted her up and placed
her on her shelf. The shelf was far too small for Lien to lie on. Rather
she was balled up, her butt resting on her heels and her upper body
resting on her thighs before the bundle that was Lien was strapped (pink
straps of course) securely in place. Now the only thing Lien could move
was her head and that was soon fixed. On top of her hood was a steel
ring and into this ring yet another pink rubber strap was inserted. This
strap was then secured to a similar ring near Lien's crotch before being
tightened mercilessly until Lien's head was pulled as far back as it
would possibly go, putting a terrible strain on her neck. This was how
she would sleep when they were staying at Master's house. Whenever
Master took her with him on his frequent travels, Lien often assumed
other sleeping positions, but they were only very rarely more
comfortable than the position she slept in at home. 

The other sissy-slaves Xue, Ashanti, Lin and Mei slept in same way, each
on a different shelf and each wearing a sleeping outfit similar to the
one Lien wore, only in a different color: White for Xue, black for Mei,
yellow for Lin and red for Ashanti. They would all take turns helping
the other into their straightjackets and onto the their shelves. The
last one was invariably tucked in by Master's slave-secretary, who
herself slept on the floor next to the sissies' sleeping rack. 




Chapter 6
If Lien had expected that life as one of Master's special
slaves would be easier she was sadly mistaken. As one his chosen few she
was expected to perform much, much better to all other slaves. This
meant a much harder schedule than all the others had. When Lien had been
a house-slave she had never seen Ashanti and her sisters in the slave
bathroom. She had assumed that this was because they had their own
special toilet and bathroom. This turned out to be false. The reason was
that Master's special slaves rose more than two hours before all the
other slaves and as such used the bathroom much earlier. Otherwise the
bathroom routine was much the same. They all took their morning dump
into the human toilets after which they had their morning enemas. As a
house-slave Lien had endured five enemas every morning. Now she had ten.
After a quick, cold shower the sissies ate their cold, liquid breakfast
kneeling in front of the likeness of Master's on the dank cement floor.
Then their mouths were washed and they dressed quickly, making sure that
they looked their very best for Master. All this was done before the
house-slaves rose and Xue and her team was ready for the day's work by
the time the first house-slave squatted over the unfortunate pair of
toilets. 

Lien and her sister had no fixed schedule and were expected to perform
whatever service was needed at second's notice. They were always ready
to provide whatever service Master demanded of them, no matter how
painful, demeaning or disgusting. 

Mei had once been cocooned in thick black rubber, her arms in a
backprayer and her legs doubled up, her calves fused to her thighs and
her head completely encased in rubber except for her mouth, her
nostrils, her imprisoned cock and her ass, and she had stayed that way
for two weeks acting as a toilet for the daughter of a wealthy Japanese
businessman Master had many dealings with. She was not only expected to
perform the "duties" of a toilet, which also included licking the asses
of her users clean, but she was also expected to perform flawlessly
whenever the woman cleaned her up and used her as a sex-toy. It had very
nearly killed when all the guests at the woman's going-away party had
contracted a case of food poisoning. Not only had they used her without
pause for more than ten hours straight, but Mei had also gotten the food
poisoning in a very bad way and since her immune system was already on
its heels as a result of her eating shit for two weeks straight it took
a while for her to get back on her feet. When she finally recovered she
had lost fifteen pounds and it had been necessary to fatten Mei, who had
been a policeman in the rural part of China once, up again. 

Lin had once been exposed to two brothers, both wealthy businessmen from
the Shanghai area, who were into tits and titty-torture in a major way.
When she returned in a near hysterical state, her tits were not only
almost black with bruises and severely swollen from all the abuse. They
were so badly damaged that the skin had been worn almost completely off.
Master had seriously considered getting rid of her, selling her to a
cheap brothel in the seedier districts of Shanghai, but he didn't.
Although Master was cruel and merciless, he harbored a strange kind of
affection for his property and he decided to try and save those
magnificent tits. Back then Lin's tits had "only" been 52FFF, but Master
came up with a plan grow back the skin on her tits, by making the tits
grow altogether. So Lin's tits were wrapped in special plastic bags
filled with soothing cream (just thinking about this made Lin cry with
gratitude) and given a hefty dose of hormones. After three weeks her
tits had healed and in the process grown to their current size, 60FFF.
Lin, who had been a modestly successful owner of a small chain of shops,
was once again back to being a monster-titted freak, a position she
quite enjoyed. 

Ashanti had also been subjected to extreme treatment during her time as
one of Master's favorites. One of Master's friends was a dear old
Scottish lady and an avid equestrienne. Her love of horses had of course
affected her taste when it came to sex and she had, like Master himself,
a special liking for pony-boys of one description or another. She had
trained and ridden many a pony-boy and pony-sissy as well as her fair
share of pony-girls, but one thing was missing. She had never ridden a
completely black pony-sissy, one as black as midnight. Of course Master
loaned her Ashanti for an extended period of time. Ashanti had both
loved and hated her time with the old lady and it had certainly taken
its toll on her. When she was returned to Master after a two month stay
with the little old lady, she had to be taught how to be a proper sissy
again. The sweet old lady had quite simply broken Ashanti again and
molded her into a pony. The little old lady had used a combination of
extremely brutal torture, with pain administered to practically every
available surface of Ashanti's body, and a series of truly mind-blowing
orgasms. While every little mistake was punished with pain to her
crotch, her tits, her ass, her back, her legs or even her feet, every
little thing done right resulted in a glorious handjob administered by
the lady herself wearing delicate kid-gloves as she jerked Ashanti's
very well-proportioned member to orgasm after orgasm. The result was a
nearly complete transformation into a pony when she was returned to
Master in a much-used state. This in turn resulted in a long and painful
process where Ashanti was once again taught how to be a proper
sissy-slave. Ashanti had gone from being a successful South African
businessman, to being a sissy house-slave, to being a highly trained
sissy-slave, to being a mere pony and back to being a well-trained
sissy-slave. 

Finally Xue's worst experience had been acting as a fuck-toy at a
karate-school in central China. The school was sponsored by Master and
its main purpose was not to train talented karate students. No, the main
purpose of the school was to locate and train brutal and ruthless men
Master could use to consolidate his growing empire. This meant that the
students at the school, who received many other lessons apart from
karate, were mostly extremely brutal little shits. And since they were
in their teens, their hormones were running wild. Xue was of course
beaten a lot, but their imagination when it came to real torture wasn't
yet very well-developed so the beatings were not sophisticated compared
to what she had experienced elsewhere. However, the students were horny
all the time. Every minute of every day and through most of the night
there was someone who wanted to fuck her, preferably as brutally as
possible. Xue had almost been worn out. When she returned to Master
after a month at the school (she was relieved by a team of five
house-slaves) she looked like she hadn't slept in a month, which was
very nearly true. She walked exaggeratedly bowlegged since her ass
wouldn't stop bleeding from the wear and tear. It was the same with her
mouth. Her talented tongue and the smooth, toothless gums around it were
raw and bleeding from all the face-fuckings she had received. Her eyes
were red and bloodshot; not only from lack of sleep, but also from the
fact that the students had loved to shoot their load straight into her
face and the semen had stung her eyes so many times that they were now
red. 

But in worst shape of all was Xue's cock. The teenagers had been
conflicted about fucking the gorgeous sissy. On one hand there was no
denying her beauty or sex appeal, but on the other hand most were still
afraid to be called gay. Most of them "solved" this contradiction by a
strange form of gay bashing. They would fuck her furiously and then
torture the offending piece of her anatomy: her cock. The result was
that her cock had been in the same shape as Lin's tits had been when she
had returned from the titty-freaks, almost black from bruises and almost
skinless from the constant beatings. Master had solved the problem in
much the same way as he had solved Lin's damaged tits; by sealing Xue's
in a plastic bag with soothing cream and by administering a hormone
treatment. Her cock had healed nicely in two weeks, but there had been a
side effect, one entirely expected by Master. Xue's cock had grown
considerably from the hormone treatment. After the cure Xue's cock was
almost eleven inches when fully erect, with a very thick shaft. It was a
perfect cock, made for fucking all night long. This had of course been
Master's intention all along; to give Xue a magnificent cock, which
would only extremely rarely be used and which was all the more painful
to stow away in a chastity tube. 

As for Lien, who was now a very pretty pink maid with long, blonde hair,
her worst experience as Master's special slave came when she was loaned
out to his favorite niece. The niece was his youngest sister's youngest
child, a mere sixteen years old. She may not have more than sixteen, but
it was very clear to whom she was related and her cruelty and
inventiveness belied her age. Her tortures were as sophisticated as
those of mistresses three times her age and both Master and Lien thought
that she would one day be a truly fierce mistress. 

Her interest in Lien turned out to be doggy training. Lien arrived at
her house after a two-day journey sealed inside a wooden crate. The
little mistress didn't waste a single minute when Lien finally arrived.
Within minutes of being pulled from the crate Lien had been washed and
dried and was being put into the suit she would wear for the next two
months. Before the suit went on Lien's hands were put into special,
mittens made from pink rubber and which turned her hands into useless
cone-like shapes. Then her feet were placed in very narrow, pink,
ballet-toed shoe that ended well before her ankle. 

Then Lien's forearms were strapped together with her upper arms and her
calves were strapped to her thighs so that she now stood on all fours,
on knees and elbows. Once this was accomplished, Lien was put into a
full-body rubber suit made from thick, pink rubber. It left only her
face, her tits, her crotch and her already shod feet outside. At the tip
of her shoes was a small D-ring. Attaching a string to this and
attaching the other end of the string to a ring on Lien's back that was
anchored in Lien's corset, the young mistress used this string to make
Lien's feet lie down more or less flat against the top of her buttocks.
It was very painful and Lien was convinced that her ankles would break,
but in the end they were held like for the entire two-month stay with
the cruel, little girl. 

Lien had been turned into a pretty and completely perverted little
rubber doggy and her mistress now set about training her properly. The
girl had owned a succession of dogs since she had been very little and
she had a very good idea of what kind of behavior she was looking for in
Lien the rubber puppy. Also her temporary mistress owned a large number
of real dogs, none of which were of the cute and cuddly sort. Rather she
liked them to be big and fierce, preferring huge male mongrels with lots
of Doberman or Rottweiler in them. She had at least twenty such dogs. 

For the first few days Lien knew nothing of these real dogs as her
mistress trained her as a pretty puppy, letting her beg and roll over
and bark like a bitch. It was actually sort of fun, a feeling that
should have set off all the alarms in Lien's head. But alarms didn't go
off and as it were, they wouldn't have made a difference anyway. On the
third day her temporary mistress shoved her into the kennel. When she
saw what was about to happen to her, Lien screamed with fear. Right
behind the kennel fence stood more than ten of the biggest dogs she had
ever seen, most looking down on her, that's how big they were. They also
clearly recognized her for what she was, or rather for what her mistress
wanted her to be: a bitch and one in heat. Lien tried pleading, but of
course there was no mercy from the teenage mistress. Without further ado
Lien was shoved into the kennel. The dogs had tried this before, that
much was clear. They knew what Lien was there for and amazingly they
also knew that her mouth was open for their stiff cocks. And their
mistress had taught them something else as well. Normally Lien as the
new bitch would have been claimed by the leader of the pack who would
then make sure that she was only fucked by him. But Lien's teenage
mistress had clearly taught the dogs that the new bitch should be shared
and shared almost alike. This meant that every one of the dogs lined up
to screw her and that they all got a piece of the action. Lien was used
to being fucked and even used to being gang-banged, but being
gang-banged by a bunch of wild dogs with impressively large cocks, while
being completely unable to offer even the slightest form of resistance
was too much. The dogs not only fucked her, but they bit her
affectionately without breaking her skin, just as they scratched her
through the rubber suit when they mounted her from behind. 

Lien cried and when her mouth wasn't stuffed with a large canine cock
she also tried begging. It was no use. Her teenage mistress got off on
Lien's role as the kennel bitch in a major way. She stood up against the
fence and masturbated furiously when the big dogs mounted Lien and took
possession of her. After the first day the ruthless, little girl brought
others to watch and to entertain her. One was a woman of about forty,
maybe one of her teachers, whom the girl had made a slave of. Now the
woman licked her pussy while she watched the dogs abuse Lien. It was
quite clear that the woman was absolutely terrified of the dogs and it
was also quite clear that she would sooner or later assume the same
position Lien had now. 

As for Lien her stay with the dogs was the worst she had ever
experienced. She hated the dogs, hated their scratching and biting and
how they not only fought over her, but also constantly had to assert
their dominance over her. This was done by flipping her over on her back
and then closing their jaws around her throat, not really biting but
showing how easily they could. The first time Lien had actually been
convinced that the dog in question was going to kill her and she had
screamed with fear, much to the amusement of her temporary mistress with
her slave girl's head buried between her legs. 

The fuckings were constant and brutal and after two weeks Lien was
bleeding from her ass and her mouth felt bruised as did her body. She
got very little sleep as the dogs were horny around the clock. The worst
part, however, was that she had actually begun enjoying being fucked by
some of the dogs. Not all of them, but a few of the very large dogs were
actually kind of good fucks, filling Lien's ass up in a satisfying way
and moving their cocks nicely. After two weeks Lien found herself being
attracted to the biggest of the dogs, a cross between a Rottweiler and
something that had to be at least half horse. It was huge and it towered
over pretty, little Lien. At night she snuggled up to it when none of
the other dogs wanted to fuck her and she supposed that if she had
stayed for more than a month, that dog would have been her new Master.
So when her real Master came to fetch her Lien cried with relief, only
to find out that he wanted to see her get fucked by the dogs for a few
days while he visited his niece. This meant that he got to watch Lien
getting fucked by the biggest dog and seeing how she actually liked it.
When they both returned to Master's home this meant big trouble for
Lien. Giving another man a good fuck and looking like you enjoyed it was
OK, but obviously enjoying getting fucked by a dog and then treating it
like it was some kind master was not all-right. This called for a little
reeducation, and Master knew just the way to do it. 

When thrown into the kennel Lien had naturally gravitated towards the
most powerful dog. To get her off her twisted liking for dogs Master
figured that getting her back among men, and making sure that she was
fucked properly by them, was the best way to do so. So Lien was sent on
a strange kind of tour. It started in a Shanghai prison. Lien was shoved
in among the most violent criminals in the closed wards, wearing nothing
but her corset and her heels, both locked on. Lien was terrified as she
stood just inside the door, the guards chuckling behind her. At first
the inmates were a little baffled as to what the sexy sissy bitch was
doing in their prison ward but that didn't last long. In seconds she had
been snatched, predictably by the most powerful of the prisoners. He
wasn't a man to do things quietly, but rather flaunted whatever he had.
So too with Lien whom he simply threw against the bars before taking her
from behind. Watching one of the inmates screwing the sexy, little
sissy-bitch with the big tits up against the bars and seeing how she,
after the initial shock had worn off, clearly enjoyed it even if her
cock was imprisoned and she couldn't cum, wiped the grin off the guards'
faces. 

After that Lien went from inmate to inmate, sucking and fucking, giving
handjobs if her holes were filled. The inmates hadn't had someone
remotely resembling a woman in ages and all their pent up desire was
taken out on Lien. This meant that the sex acquired a desperate
here-and-now quality; everyone wanted a piece of the action and no one
wanted to wait. With a large prison-population this meant that Lien was
fucked non-stop for the twenty-eight hours before finally falling
unconscious. When she woke up with an aching body the fuck-fest
continued where she had let off. Luckily Lien had acquired a lot more
stamina and strength since the parade ground gang-bang. Otherwise she
might well have been fucked to death during her two-week stay at the
prison. It wasn't that she exactly disliked the gang-banging, in fact
she rather liked being taken again and again by horny men, but
gang-bangings were exhausting wore her body down, so when Master came to
pick her up she moaned with relief and instantly crawled over to beg
forgiveness of her beloved Master. 

Her sense of relief was a little premature. For while he did take her
away from the prison, he still wasn't done reeducating her. Her next
stop was more than a little bizarre, at least considering Lien's past
experience. After a long drive tied up, gagged and hooded in the trunk
of Master's car, they arrived at a girl's school. A school for daughters
of the super-privileged where they learned, among other things, to the
uses and extent of their soon to be inherited power. So naturally those
who so desired could keep sex-slaves. It was here that Lien came in.
Most of the powerful teenagers had tried both male and female slaves,
but few had tried a shemale. So, seeing a clear interest in staying on a
good footing with the powerful brats (Master sometimes had to remind
himself that he himself had once been just such a powerful brat), Master
shipped Lien to the school for a two week stay. The stay would also
serve to get her back on track as a slave, to whip her back to shape as
where and make her more grateful for her position. 

After just two days at the school Lien was ready to do anything to get
back in Master's good graces. Anything. Not only were the students as
well as the teachers most adept in causing pain. It wasn't that Lien
actively liked pain (well, maybe a little), but the kind metered out at
the school was manageable - at least so far. What was far worse was the
constant verbal assaults, insults far worse than being called "useless"
or "worthless", insults administered by sly and jealous teenage girls
and their equally insecure teachers. Because strangely the girls were
genuinely jealous and they showed it in every little remark. Lien was a
super-sexy creature with a superb ass, long slender legs, a very pretty
feminine face, a waist most people wouldn't believe and a pair of killer
tits. It had taken months and years of hard work, from herself but also
from doctors and trainers, various masters and mistresses to mould her
into what she was now. Now finally, Lien was the creature Master had
intended, but these women didn't quite grasp this. They wanted what she
had but couldn't get it, so they turned vicious on her. Of course she
spent a lot of time licking pussy, getting whipped and tied up, drinking
the occasional shower of warm piss from some hot, little Chinese babe
whose father had more money than God. This was as it should be; this was
the slave life she loved. But all the time someone was criticizing her
hair, her boobs, the way she licked pussy; everything she did and
everything about her. 

After a week Lien experienced a feeling she hadn't felt since Master had
enslaved her: real anger. Master may have taken away her freedom and
transformed her into something she had never imagined. He had done
terrible things to her and to the slaves around her. But no matter how
horribly she had been treated Lien had always had the distinct feeling
that he wanted her as his slave; that no matter how poorly he spoke of
her, he basically preferred her company and that of her fellow slaves to
many other people. He might well treat them as dirt and do things to his
slaves that were inhumane at best, but in a strange way he cared for
them. And Lien and most, if not all, of Master's slaves loved him in
return. And finally there was no denying that Lien loved being a
sissy-slave, that her enslavement had been the fulfillment of a fantasy.

The little teenage queens, however, did not care the slightest bit for
her and mostly they were just annoying, spoiled brats. So for the first
time in years the abuse, the verbal part anyway, began to anger Lien. It
was a feeling she thought she had long since lost as she assumed her
role as Master's docile little sissy-slave. So three weeks into her stay
when she passed the most spoiled brat of them all in the hallway and
Lien was unfettered, except for a collar and leash that her current user
was leading her by, something was bound to happen. The teenage queen
fired off an especially cruel remark about how Master's taste in slaves
was outrageously poor. That did it. If they had just attacked her and
her alone, Lien would have gone through the ordeal without a single
complaint, doing it all for Master. But when Master was attacked she had
to react. So she did. Not that it was anything much, but Lien stopped
abruptly causing a jerk on her leash as the leash-holder was suddenly
stopped as well, and then she slapped the little bitch. Twice. With all
the force she could muster. The girls around them all stopped and
everyone stood shocked as Lien screamed at the bitch: "DON'T EVER INSULT
MASTER! NEVER EVER!" 

The girls were shocked, but that didn't prevent them from attacking Lien
as a group and very soon Lien was dragged off to be punished. A vigilant
teacher decided to call Master, or Lien might very well get killed by
the girls. 

When Master arrived early the next day, he saw that he was almost too
late. Lien had been tied spread-eagle to a bed and her body was covered
with red welts. Her genitals had not only been badly beaten and were
quite swollen, but several long needles had been inserted into her
balls. Her tits had been bound very tightly with barbed wire, mangling
them horribly. From the desperate eyes, ready to pop out of her face,
her almost purple face, her protruding tongue and the weak spasms from
her whole body, Master guessed that the asphyxiation torture, conducted
with a very fashionable leather belt, had been going on for quite long
enough. Master shooed the girls away and freed Lien who collapsed and
fainted after trying to thank Master in a voice that could muster only
weak croaks. He then talked to the teachers and to the two girls Lien
had offended and while he nodded in understanding of their behavior, he
secretly applauded Lien for standing up for him. The little sissy must
really love him. So on the way home Lien lay on the floor of Master's
limousine, untied and with Master resting his feet on her bruised body
and thus expressing his approval of her actions. 

Of course the abuse required repairs to her body, most notably her tits
and her cock. Master, of course, had just the thing; his patented idea
of making the damaged parts grow. This meant that after three weeks of
recovery with her damaged parts sealed in plastic bags containing
soothing, hormone-laced cream supported by hefty doses of hormones, Lien
had become somewhat of a freak. Her tits were almost as large as Lin's
at 56FFF and cock had grown to an astounding fourteen inches when erect,
with a shaft three inches in diameter. Of course that didn't mean that
she got any more orgasms than before, only that her chastity tube
increased slightly in size. Her chastity device was now only just big
enough to allow blood to trickle to her cock and prevent it from falling
off from bad circulation. It made the device even more painful to wear,
but Lien was happy that she was restored to Master's good graces. 




Chapter 7
Life as a slave continued for Lien and the others. Sucking,
fucking and punishments in and endless cycle and only very rarely were
they rewarded with an orgasm. About once a year they had the chance to
be granted an orgasm, but only if they had been exceptionally good and
lucky were they actually given one. In fact it had been five years since
Ashanti had last cum and for Lien it had been two years, the amount of
time since Master had nearly choked her while fucking her. But still
every night their needy cocks came out to be teased and tormented by the
other sissies and every night it was an hour of futile crying and
begging. Lien's magnificent cock always got special attention and it was
not uncommon that two or more of the others would tend to it. Xue, who
had previously had the biggest cock, was relieved that she was off the
hook, but at the same time she gave no thought to sparing Lien the
torment she had been through. No, Xue also wanted to play with her
friend's beautiful staff. 

In a twist of irony Lien couldn't quite grasp since Master had all but
erased her memory of her previous life as Phil Green the karate
instructor, Lien was often the slave accompanying him when he went watch
to karate tournaments. More often than not she would spend a major part
of such tournaments on her hands and knees in the locker room while one
or more of the participants fucked her silly, many times using their
black belts for some breathplay. Master thought it deliciously ironic
that the former Phil Green had been reduced to a mere fucktoy at these
events. As for Lien she knew that something was going on, but she
couldn't quite place her finger on it. She did enjoy watching the
handsome fighters go at it only to fuck her later. She enjoyed that a
lot. 

Then one day the five special sissies were called into Master's
chambers. Inside Master sat around a small coffee table with another
man. On the floor was a rather large suitcase. When all the sissies had
greeted both him and his visitor properly, he opened the suitcase so
that they could see what was inside. Inside the suitcase was what left
of the poor sissy who had been Lien's predecessor and namesake. Now she
was nothing more than a stump. Her arms and legs had been removed along
with all of the hair on her head and face, leaving her completely bare.
Her waist had been reduced to an impossible thirteen inches with a
six-inch pipe stem, making her very nice ass (what little there was left
now that her legs were gone) look huge. Her tits were still well
proportioned and actually looked outrageously sexy sitting on top of the
impossibly narrow waist and next to the armless shoulders. Her lips had
been outrageously enlarged and her mouth now looked like a pussy,
twisted ninety degrees, sitting in her face. 

She was mounted inside the suitcase on huge dildo, which was hinged so
that while still mounted on the dildo she could be swung into an upright
position. To make it easier to achieve this a handle had been attached
to the skull in the back of her head. Pulling this would put a terrible
strain on her neck so to spare this, she had been fitted with a very
high and very stiff neck corset made of two interlocking steel halves.
The suitcase she for all intents and purposes lived in was cut to fit
her exact shape, right down to her constantly erect cock which never
received even the slightest bit of attention and which was fitted with a
large bore catheter. When she swung forward, down into the suitcase, her
mouth was impaled on a monster dildo and when her shape had been
squeezed the final inches down into the form cut foam rubber, the lid
would swing shut, sealing her inside. 

As she recognized her former Master and former fellow sissy-slaves her
eyes emitted a desperate plea that would never be answered. The man who
now owned her traveled a lot and she was a one of his conveniences.
While in the suitcase she her piss was emptied out through the catheter
while her bowels were evacuated via automated enemas. Al her master ever
had to do was to connect one hose to the water supply and lead another
into a toilet. He placed her in the bathroom at night so that the sound
of the otherwise very quiet pumps wouldn't disturb him. As for food, he
simply emptied a can of dog food into an opening in the suitcase. This
was then administered through the dildo. 

At night when he arrived at the hotel he simply threw the suitcase on
the floor in front of a chair or at the foot of the bed, wherever he
wanted to get his blowjob. Then he opened the suitcase and pulled her
upright using the handle in the back of her head. Still using the
handle, he would swing her until she faced him and then lean her forward
to give him a fabulous blowjob. When he was done he simply reversed the
process. The suitcase took care of all hygiene right down to washing her
body and in the two years it had been since she had been sold to this
cruel, traveling man she had never even once been out of the suitcase.
And there was no hope that she ever would get out of it. Her new master
preferred her like that. 

When Master judged that his sissies had gotten a good look at her, he
closed the suitcase and dismissed them. The poor suitcase sissy was left
to her fate. 

The incident had shocked them all badly. Even though they knew that
sooner or later they would in all likelihood meet similar fates, they
had somehow repressed these thoughts. This served as a reminder that
they would probably all meet equally hopeless fates. It made all of them
shudder with fear, but there was nothing they could do, except carry on
as they had before. 

After another year where miraculously all the special sissies had been
granted an orgasm, Lien's had been during yet another memorable bit of
breathplay, it was finally time for one of them to be replaced, or move
on as Master's now almost seventy-five year old secretary said. 

Xue was the first to be replaced. Xue was by now about in her late
forties and had been with Master for an exceptionally long time. Master
was quite fond of her and as such he was loath to let her go. So while
he did replace her, he didn't sell her. Instead he installed in a new
and horrifying position. As he had done to Lien's predecessor he started
out by cutting of her arms and legs, turning her into a stump. He
removed her remaining hair, thus making her completely bald. Then he
removed her eyes, inserting black marbles instead and deafened her and
filled her ears up with a resin-like substance just to make sure no
sound ever reached her ruined ears. Then he sealed her in white rubber,
leaving only her mouth and crotch out in the open. He mounted her in an
upright position with a huge pipe up her ass to take care of her waste.
Then he put a catheter into her cock to take care of her urine and
finally he enclosed her cock in a large steel tube. The tube was lined
with rubber membranes that could be set to pulse gently. That way he
could provide stimulation for her cock and using pulse and blood
pressure monitoring he controlled the pulsing sleeve so that Xue was
always hard and needy, but never came. Never again. 

Master mounted her in a corner of the special sissies' room for one
purpose. Before making her blind and deaf he had said one thing to her:
"Never allow them to cum." Now instead of the sissies teasing and
tormenting each other every day on Master's command, they now lined up
before the white rubber figure without arms or legs and let this shadow
of Xue torment them. Xue was still fantastic with her mouth, able to
sense whenever the cock she had in her mouth was getting close, so the
torment just became worse. As for Xue she now served as a permanent
reminder to the others just how bad it could get even when you were
Master's favorite. Not only was Xue never allowed to cum, but she wasn't
even allowed to swallow cum since no one came in her mouth. She spent
the rest of her life as the ultimate unfulfilled blowjob machine. 

Xue's replacement, of course also called Xue, was one of Master's more
bizarre ideas. The new "snow" was dressed in the same white rubber
outfit as the Xue Lien had known before her, but as for the new Xue
there was a huge difference to the old one. The new Xue was just as
black as Ashanti, but with long flowing hair bleached completely white.
Bizarre, but extremely sexy. 

The next to go was Lin. Her fate was certainly bizarre, but far from as
horrible as Xue's. In comparison it was almost pleasant. When Master had
her removed from the rest and had her arms cut off Lin feared the worst,
that she would end up in a suitcase or something similar. But when
Master told her what was to become of her, she didn't really know
whether to scream or say "thank you". She was fitted with a pair of
pony-like boots, or rather cow-like boots, and set on a pasture where
she walked around among other cow creatures such as herself. While she
didn't graze, she did eat something like grass, but treated in such a
way so that she could digest it. When she arrived all the other cows,
some sissies, some real women and all with huge tits like herself,
seemed unbelievably stupid and docile. But then she was taken aside by
her owner who tied her down and performed a simple, little piece of
brain surgery on her. Lin screamed in terror as several thin needles
were pressed into her head in a number places, but there was nothing she
could do. After the surgery she was reduced to the same stupid and
docile state as the other cows, barely able to understand what went on
around her. Twice a day the cows were milked by huge suction cups, which
also managed to massage their tits pleasantly at the same time. The cows
loved getting milked. Surprisingly her cock was left unfettered and
often she would try to mount one of the other big-titted heifers from
behind, often with great success. Her new owners didn't care whether she
came or not, merely if she produced enough milk. It wasn't really
unpleasant for Lin or the others, but sometimes she got the feeling that
she had been cheated or robbed of something important. These feelings
never lasted for long since her mind wasn't able to hold onto such
thoughts for long. 

Next in line was Mei, the black-clad rubber sissy. Seemingly following a
trend among the buyers of Master's used sissy-slaves, she too had her
arms, legs and eyes removed and like Xue had been before her, she was
deafened and rendered completely devoid of hair. Then her tongue was
elongated until it hung more than four inches out of her mouth without
her even stretching it. She was sold to the same woman who had once used
her as a toilet, providing Mei with the worst experience of her slave
life. The woman's tastes hadn't changed and Mei's worst nightmares came
through as she was permanently installed as the woman's private toilet,
her long tongue used to lick the woman's ass clean when she had taken a
dump into Mei's mouth. Mei, who had been a rubber-fetishist and not a
scat-lover, spent the rest of her life as the woman's toilet. 

Then it was Ashanti's turn to leave Master's household. She was bought
by the grandson of the Scottish lady who had ridden her so hard and very
nearly permanently transformed her into a pony. Like his grandmother
before him, he had a thing for human ponies and he had heard his
grandmother speak so fondly of the fabulous black, Chinese pony. Now
that his grandmother was dead, he had decided to buy Ashanti if at all
possible. He paid handsomely for her and one fine morning he dragged the
now armless Ashanti into a waiting van. She wouldn't be needing her arms
now that she was to be a pony full-time. He was an excellent pony
trainer and within a few weeks Ashanti had been molded into a sissy-pony
and this time it was for the rest of her life. Like his grandmother his
punishments were brutal, but the reward for proper behavior was
mind-blowing orgasms, so in short order Ashanti thought of nothing else
than behaving like a proper pony. 

However, he was very extreme and more than a little unrealistic in one
sense. Ashanti's new owner insisted that his pretty ponies of human
origin have sex with his real horses. Ashanti had screamed and tried
running away the first he wanted one of his real stallions to mount her,
but that only resulted in severe punishment before the horse mounted her
anyway. Being fucked by the huge horse cock quickly resulted in
Ashanti's sphincter muscles simply giving up so that she was now unable
to hold her own waste. If she was left unplugged it simply fell out of
her. These fuckings were a very taxing ordeal for the man's ponies and
wore most of them out in short order. Ashanti lasted longer than most,
but in the end she died after an exceptionally well-endowed stallion had
fucked her for an hour without pause. The stallion simply fucked her to
death. Bizarrely Ashanti's own darkest fantasy had been being fucked to
death. Only in her dreams it had been a horde of Chinese soldiers with
huge cocks and not a horse that had done the fucking. 

Finally one day, after more than ten years in Master's service, the turn
came to Lien. Like the others she had no idea that it was time before
Master had her picked up, tied tightly and put into a small room to wait
for him. As he had done with his other special slaves he told them no
pretty lies. These sissies had been too close to him and besides Master
was getting to old to bullshit people. So he told Lien what her fate
would be without putting on any sugarcoating. Lien knew begging was
futile so she simply cried and instead begged to be allowed to suck or
fuck him one last time. To this Master smiled broadly before pushing her
to her knees and then pressing her face to the ground. Then he mounted
Lien from behind. To her amazed delight he also freed her cock and began
to stroke it using his magic touch. The fuck was long and glorious and
although she very nearly came several times, it was only when she felt
his cum filling her up that Lien let go and sprayed a truly fantastic
amount of cum out on the floor. Then Master said a few words, kissed her
goodbye and left her for the last time. 

Master had given Lien to the army, or rather a division of border guards
stationed at the ass end of the world: the border with Russia. He had
her installed as a blowjob machine. No arms and no legs, deaf and blind,
hairless and permanently covered in rubber, not pink though, but black
rubber. She was mounted on a pipe emptying her waste and giving her
frequent and painful enemas. A flat piece of steel rose out of the floor
behind her and broad steel bands secured her to this. Right in front of
her face a seat was mounted so that the soldiers could sit comfortably
with their cocks in the right position while Lien blew them. Her big,
rubber-covered tits were just beneath the seat of the chair if they
wanted to fondle them, which the often did. 

Being a deaf, blind and immobile blowjob machine was not pleasant fate,
but Master had made sure that she was even more uncomfortable. That her
cock had been fitted with a large bore catheter was only to be expected.
But what he had done to her cock and balls was extreme. Lien's cock was
mounted inside a gently pulsating sleeve with rotating little cup at the
end, always pleasantly lubricated and always massaging the tip of her
cock and thus making sure that she was always just about to cum, while
she was never actually being allowed to do so. The sleeve was mounted
inside a shiny steel tube as impressive as Lien's massive cock and it
frequently sparked comments among the many soldiers using her talented
mouth. Furthermore her cock and her balls had been pierced in many
places by thin metal rods anchored in the steel tube so that she in fact
couldn't get soft without tearing the flesh of her cock. Not that it was
ever a problem with all the stimulation her cock received. The piercings
had been of course been painful in themselves, but the real pain came
when the metal rods were used to give her cock and balls electric shocks
at irregular intervals. 

So Lien spent the rest of her life constantly horny, but never allowed
release, while her genitals were frequently given most painful electric
shocks. Her only source of food and drink was the semen the soldiers
deposited in her mouth and since there were always plenty of horny
soldiers and they were stationed hundreds of miles from civilization,
there was always enough food and drink for Lien. 

Master's last words to her before leaving her had been: "Blow every cock
as it were mine, Lien." Over time this had changed in Lien's damaged
mind until it meant that every cock that entered her mouth belonged to
Master. This in turn meant that the blowjobs from Lien were nothing
short of amazing. In Lien's mind she blew Master for the rest of her
life. Although she had no concept of time, deaf, blind and sealed in
rubber as she was, Lien lived for twenty-six years as blowjob machine
before finally choking on a huge cock, the owner of which completely
forgot to withdraw from pure delight. 

THE END 2NN 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





