BDSM Library - Lisa's Punishement Enema Training




Lisa's Punishement Enema Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lisa is a hot spoiled brat and needs to be taught more than just a lession. Lisa is kidnapped by a beautifull Mistress and is taken to her estate for very extensive punishment/humiliation enema training.
The Capture.... Chapter One.

I was going 70 in the high-speed lane and she still
speeded up to me, coming within an inch or two of the
bumper on my car. It was late; I was dead tired and
was trying to get home in one piece. I detest drivers
that tailgate either me or anyone else on the road. It
is unsafe, irresponsible, and self-centered on the
driver's part. I could see from my rear view mirror it
was a women driving. The BMW quickly moved around me
and caused me to almost go off the road as she sped
away. Shaking, I managed to regain control of my car
and headed toward my destination. 
As I approached my exit I saw a car with its emergency
lights on and a figure standing by the side of the
car. I pulled over and as I was getting out of the car
I realized the women standing there was the same women
that almost ran me off the road. Steam was coming from
the engine and as I approached her I wondered if she
remembered what she did to me. I volunteered to look
under her hood, explaining that I know a bit about
autos and maybe I could help. Turns out she blew a
hose and until it was replaced, the car was not going
anywhere. I offered her a ride to my place and she
accepted, as it was 3:30 in the morning. 
I went into action and offered her some coffee from my
"emergency" thermos. It was cold outside and she
thanked me, still not knowing whom she was dealing
with. I was telling her we could call AAA once we got
settled and she was thanked me. Her voice got weak and
she asked if it was OK if she closed her eyes for a
few minutes.
I live on 20-acre estate miles outside of the nearest
town. The gates opened for me as I pulled up and I
drove to my garage. Princess was asleep but I decided
not to chance it. Before I got out I handcuffed her
and gagged her also. After opening the door I pulled
and tugged until I got her onto a dolly with wheels.
Did I mention my attached garage has direct access to
a special room of mine? I wheeled princess to my
special room and than realized my catch. I looked her
over and could not believe how beautiful she was. I
guessed she was about 29 or 30. Her driver's license
later confirmed I was close, she was 31. She had long
dark hair, deep dark eyes, dark skin, the most
beautiful eyebrows I have ever seen. I guessed she was
about 5 feet 9, maybe even 5 10, and around 130
pounds. I could not wait to see her naked. I thought
about that and decided not to wait. I pulled off her
clothes and moved her to my rack. I secured each arm
and leg at the corners of the rack and waited for her
to wake up. 
I went and had a glass of wine and thought about the
events that led up to my capture. I checked her purse
first and saw that her name was Lisa and confirmed her
height, weight, and age. I thought back. When Lisa
passed me there were no other cars around. I went onto
the shoulder more because she started me than anything
else, I was sure of that. No cars approached or passed
either of us at any point. When I stopped to "help"
her I thought to myself about how quiet it was. No
other human saw the two of us together at any one
time. From the point she got in my car to the time I
pulled onto the estate I encountered no other cars.
The way I figured it, Lisa was mine. 
When I came back to see how Lisa was doing. I secured
Lisa's head so she could only look forward. I did this
by putting a nice heavy punishment helmet on her. Yes
those are so handy, eyehooks on the side so I could
fasten it to my rack. This way I could stand behind
her or even to her side and she could not see me. As I
mentioned Lisa was spread out like a butterfly. She
did look nice on my rack.   Lisa was on her stomach,
her ass was perfect. She had nice long legs, and
beautiful feet with well manicured nails. Her hands
looked soft, long fingers, with long and very well
manicured nails. Her breasts were nice, but since she
was on her stomach, I had not gotten a good look at
them yet, nor did I get much of a look at her pussy. I
was saving all that for later. 
I thought I kind of owed her a bit of a scare, so I
decided to wake her up my way. Her gag was in force,
not that I was afraid of anybody hearing us. I just
did not feel up to listening to her threats. I filled
one of my 4-quart enema bags with very hot, very soapy
water. I hung it right in front of her face. For
effect, I hung two more bags next to the full one.
Each of these bags had long mean looking enema nozzles
attached to them. The two other bags were connected to
each other, each of them were 4-quart bags also. I
figured I would not show her my 6-quart bag. Did not
want to unduly alarm poor little Lisa, now do I? 
 I pulled a nice wooden paddle off the wall. I had
been saving this one for a while. The first whack was
very hard, right on her butt. She was really
disorientated. Shaking her head, mumbling through her
gag. Breathing heavy. The next whack was even harder,
her breathing was erratic and she screamed through her
gag. Every time she tried to open her eyes I whacked
her again. Finally after 5 very hard whacks I waited
long enough for her to open her eyes and focus on the
punishment that awaited her. I whacked her 10 more
times over the course of the next couple of minutes.
Than I stopped. Lisa was frantic, she squirmed, she
bucked, her breathing was hard, she was sweating a
great deal, and she urinated on my rack. 
The wine was nice. I had taken the bottle with me and
poured myself another glass. I took my time sipping it
and stuck my finger in it and than rubbed my pussy
with it. I was so hot I would have cum but held off. I
than put my finger in front of her and pinched her
nose shut with it. "Open your eyes, look at your
future. You will be trained to be the perfect enema
sex slut. Your first punishment/humiliation enema will
is waiting for you".




Chapter Two... Lisa's First 

I thought it only appropriate that Lisa have the
correct orientation session. I wanted to show her
around my playroom and give her an idea of what I had
in store for her. I decided that I would do this
slowly. Ease her into the reality of her future. I had
many toys, equipment, and things to show her. All in
good time. From behind her I took off her headgear and
gag. I had a hood on now so she could not recognize me
once she turned her head. I told her not to make a
sound or she would not get a drink. I held up the
water and Straw to her mouth and she drank like there
was no tomorrow. The water was heavily laced with
drugs that would knock her out for an hour or so. When
finished with the water she started to scream, and
swear, but quickly her speech got blurred and she fell
asleep. 
I could here this women's voice in the background, but
all I wanted to do was sleep. My sleep was incredibly
deep, but I wanted to find out what was going on. I
head it again, "That's right slut show her you nice
hole. You have such a nice wide hole when you put your
mind to it. I love the way you open it up for me. Now
open it up for Lisa." Than I head what sounded like
someone being hit. My g-d I opened my eyes, and I
could not move my head, my arms, my legs. I opened my
eyes and not even an inch from my face was someone
else. I could not escape it. I quickly saw it was a
woman as I could see and smell her pussy. But, oh my,
her anus was wide and gaping right before my very
eyes. I could see it pulsating,opening and closing.
Yes, she was being spanked with something very heavy.
I could hear the loud thud as it hit her behind. And I
could see her whole backside move from the force of
the hit. She too was very tightly restrained. It was
evident that her restraints were as tight as mine,
neither one of us had much room to move. I was on my
back, my legs were almost touching my shoulders and
must have been strapped to something at my knees and
again at my ankles. My arms were somewhere behind my
head, attached to something that allowed no movement
at all. I could now see a paddle come down hard on the
woman on top of me and I could here her whimpering and
crying through whatever type of gag or dildo they had
in her mouth. 
I then saw hands spreading and playing with the
slave's bottom. Long pretty fingers with nice long
fingernails spread the buttocks of the slave on top of
me. A finger played with her pussy and I than heard
her speak again. "Bring her right to the brink, than
give her 4 quarts. Use a nice fat nozzle, but make her
hold it. Lisa needs to see how we give enemas around
here. Lisa, only because you are new here, will you
get the benefit of an inflatable nozzle. After a while
you won't have that luxury." I could here the slave on
top of me whimpering and it sounded like she was
trying to say she would not be able to hold it. It
sounded like she was starting to panic and so was I. I
shook my head furiously and trying to speak through my
gag. I was helpless though and all I could do was
watch and wait. I could see a long fat nozzle slowly
being worked up the slaveï¿½s ass. At about the same
time I felt fingers playing with my bottom and than I
felt a long thin finger work its way far up my rectum.
It actually felt good. However, I was pretty sure that
would not last. I had heard about people getting
enemas and figured it was not a lot of fun. Than I
felt something thick go into me and after a while I
could feel it expanding in my bottom. At first it felt
OK, but than I got real tight down there and the
bigger it got the tighter and more uncomfortable I
got. Two pair of hands pushed the slave that was on
top of me off to the side, they must have undone some
of her restraints to do that. Suddenly I saw the women
that had picked me up. She was completely nude except
she had on high-heeled leather boots. She also had a
whip in her hand, and it looked like she had a harness
on around her waist. She had been standing, but than
came down near me and licked around my face in a very
sensual manner. She was very pretty but also looked
very wicked. She licked around my gag and told me to
enjoy my first enema and that I better get used to
them as she was going to make me an enema sex slave.
The other slave was put back in position. She was so
close to me her buttocks were touching my face. I
could smell all of her private parts. The enema hose
was right in front of my face. I could see something
dark going through it. I could hear the slave moaning;
I think they took off her gag. She was begging them to
slow the flow down. I could here the enema mistress
telling her to be quiet and stop complaining. She
warned the slave that a much bigger enema was next.
She than moved the enema hose to my cheek and touched
me with it. She spoke softly in my ear. "Feel how it
is rushing in her, feel it slut. You are next. She
doesn't like it, but that is just too bad. I doubt you
will like it either. I will be nice and let you take
it slowly. However, don't get to used to that."
I heard her tell someone to open the clamp and let her
feel her future. I heard the clamp open first. Than I
heard the solution gurgling and racing through the
hose. The nozzle was in so tight that I could not do a
thing to stop the flow. I felt it a few seconds later.
The initial feeling was nice and warm. I was
surprised, even shocked at the warm feeling it gave
me. I could feel the flow and I think it was a bit
harder or faster than my tormentor made me think. I
could feel the warmth spread into my rectum. I thought
this was not so bad. Within a short period of time I
felt myself get more and more full. As I filled up I
began to tighten up even more. The tighter I got the
more uncomfortable I got. The sensation became so
intense as I filled I started moaning very loudly. My
gag was removed and I screamed for release. First I
heard it than I felt it. A low quiet fling through the
air. As the cane hit my rump I screamed bloody murder.
The enema continued its relentless course. I tried to
regain my composure after I was struck by the cane. My
tormentor told me to stop screaming or I would be very
sorry. She told me to breath in a steady manner. Short
but steady. The instruction gave me a bit of
encouragement. Maybe she wasn't all that bad. I was
looking for anything to think this would end and she
would let me go. I think she even slowed the flow down
a bit. "Concentrate and watch the slave on top of you.
Watch how she takes her enema." I did watch. What
choice did I have anyhow? Her ass was touching my
face. I could see right up her pussy and smell it too.
"Watch her ass, watch how she squeezes the nozzle. See
how tight she has her anus around the nozzle." I was
watching, but than the first cramps hit and I shook my
head back and forth. I tried to get up to escape them,
but of course I was pinned down like a butterfly and
wasn't going anywhere. The cramps were worst than
anything I ever had, and the heat from the enema
solution also began to take its toll. I was in
incredible pain. She came over and rubbed my pussy.
She leaned over and licked my ear and said, "IF you
had not damn near driven me off the road I would
masturbate you to a nice orgasm. But, I think you will
have to wait on that one for a while." She took me
right up to the brink and than stopped.  While she was
masturbating me the pain from the enema subsided.
However, once she stopped the cramps and tightness and
the intense feelings down there overwhelmed me. I
screamed for relief. As I screamed she pulled the
nozzle out of the slave's anus that was on top of me.
" I strongly suggest that you use your mouth as a
stopper instead of doing all that screaming. Unless
you want to be covered with the expulsion from the
slave on top of you." I shook my head again, both in
pain and in disbelief. How could anyone expect me to
do that? I was revolted. I heard the slave on top of
me scream that she could not hold it and to please put
my mouth on her anus. "Stick your tongue up my ass
damn it. Do it now or I will expel all over you. That
is what she wants. Do it, do it now." They undid the
slave's bondage enough so she could sit on my face. I
stuck my tongue far up her ass. "You will hold for 10
minutes than your butt plug friend here will be
released."
The ten minutes was the longest 10 minutes of my life.
The cramps were unbearable and my tongue was getting
very tired. I did not know how to pace myself; I could
not tell how much time I had left. It was like time
was standing still. My torturer was quiet and did not
give me even a hint as to when my agony would end.
Finally they pushed the slave's ass off of me and
quickly inserted a huge butt plug. Our bondage was
taken off and we were taken to another room. We were
put on a large stainless steel sink with large drains.
Our arms and legs were bound; I was put on top of the
other slave. We were ordered to stick our tongues out
and have the tips of our tongues touching each
other's. That way we were looking directly at each
other the whole time. We were both quietly moaning.
Both of us filled with hot enema solution. Our legs
were locked together and a double-headed bendable
dildo was inserted in our pussies. Even that hurt
instantly, the dildo was huge and some sort of itching
cream must have been applied to the dildo as I
immediately got very sore down there. The butt plugs
were finally removed and I opened up for all to see.
Both of us relieved ourselves as our torturer whipped
us with a cane. I was relieved to be able to emply
myself and since I had held for so long I emptied out
quickly. I could here our torturer talk to what I
surmised to be an assistant of her's. She chided us
and made fun of us as we voided. She patted our asses
and talked about how our next enemas would be much
larger and much more painfull. "You know Lisa, 4 quart
enemas are only given as a courtesy. I usually will be
giving you 5 or 6 quart enemas. You should know I did
not put much in that, just a bit of salt. Just wait
till you get some of my special mixes." She took the
cane and moved it to where our tongues were meeting.
She played with our tongues and teased us. It wasn't
untill now that the incredible humiliation began to
sink in. "AND for our viewing pleasure later, we have
filmed you and the filthy holes opening and closing
for all to see."
As she left the room I could hear her telling her
assistant to get two 5 quart enemas ready for the
sluts. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Robert 39746


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





