BDSM Library - The Perishable Heart




The Perishable Heart
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Who was this young dominant beauty who stole my heart in aisle nine? My heart pines for her. My cock throbs for her. Does either organ stand a chance?
The Perishable Heart

Chapter 1

I finished my Sunday night grocery shopping and ambled my way out the sliding
glass doors when something hit my peripheral vision. She was petite, with
shoulder-length, straight and shiny honey-blonde hair, pouty lips, and a sullen
demeanor. I wasn't quite sure of her age, but she was dressed rather
conservatively. She had the attributes of a sixteen year-old, but the style of a
late twenties professional woman. I was in a pickle. Should I continue toward
the parking lot with my perishables or turn around and get a second look at the
exquisite vision that had just caught my attention? I'd love to get a
confirmation. Was she really as lovely as she was at first glance? My male
thought process was in overdrive. I decided to turn around and follow her, to at
least get a look at her ass. It was the right decision, I decided, when I
finally took a long drink of her juicy bottom. It was a small package, but
filled out in all the right spots. She wore jeans, which surprised me since she
reeked of sophistication, but her sport jacket and pumps proved my first
assumption to be correct. God, how old was this beauty, I muttered to myself.
She seemed so youthful, yet beyond her years, simultaneously. This drove me
wild, and drove me on from aisle to aisle as the frozen food in my cart started
to drip, just like my poor starved cock.

I knew how ridiculous I must have seemed, following around a girl in the
supermarket that appeared to be half my age (I was nearly 40), but I couldn't
help myself. She was too beautiful to ignore, too delicious to resist. I
followed her to he liquor section as she picked up bottles of Absolut and apple
schnapps. I zeroed in on her small, alabaster hand wrapping around the neck of
the schnapps bottle and noticed the translucent pink polish on the tips of her
slim fingers. How sweet, I thought. And how delectable. I needed to see that
face again, I decided. At the frozen food aisle, I hit pay dirt. I got close
enough to smell her light scent, a girlish perfume pervaded my senses as I
finally committed her pretty face to memory. She had pale green eyes with a
button nose and after she put a frozen California Pizza Kitchen box in her cart,
I watched her apply another coat of pale pink lip gloss her to her sweet young
lips. I tried to hide my erection behind my wagon of melting ice cream and TV
dinners, but I was transfixed. That's when I realized that my jig was up. I had
been discovered.

"Hey, sweetie. I'm almost done here. I know you've been following me and I was
wondering if you wouldn't mind going through the checkout counter with my apple
martinis." I'm only 18 and I don't want any aggravation," she told me. I just
looked at her. "Whatsamatter? Cat got your tongue? Or is it a pussy... cat?" I
blushed and somehow stammered a response.

"Ummmmmmmmmm, sure, I can check your liquor out for you. If it's important," I
blurted out. "Ohhh, it's important," she answered. "But I'm  little short. And
not just in height," she giggled. "Can you buy it for me... pleeeeeeeeease" she
implored. I turned even redder. But I could never turn this young girl down...
for anything. I knew right away that I'd cut off my right arm for her. It was
irrational, but true.

As we made our way to checkout counter number 6, side-by-side, me with my
melting wagon of perishables, and she with her wagon of liquor, frozen pizzas,
sushi, cosmetics, and hair care products, she came to a halt and looked a me
with sparkling, puppy dog eyes. They were moist emerald pools, and were
impossible to deny. She handed off her cart and I knew what she wanted. I bent
down to place her purchases on the check stand and proceeded to pay for them...
all of them. Surprisingly, it was over $100.00. Cosmetics are damn expensive, I
thought to myself. But she was worth it, I thought. What wouldn't I do for this
tiny beauty, I considered for a fleeting moment. Little did I know how low I
would go for her. Why, you may ask? I wish I knew. But the heart wants what the
heart wants. And my heart was palpitating for her right then and there.

After I debited my account for her, we walked toward the exit. "Thank you SOOOOO
much. You are WAY too kind. If there's any way I can repay my debt, just let me
know." she stated so innocently. I just looked at her with lust in my heart and 
dirty thoughts in my mind.

"Ummmmm, wellll...  IIIIII...." I somehow stammered.  She giggled, the sweetest
giggled known to mankind. I nearly melted and had a hard-on so extreme that it
nearly broke my cockskin at the same time. I'd cut out my heart for this young
girl, I decided, without a doubt in my mind. I'd cut it out and hand it to her
on a silver platter. I looked deeply into her eyes for the first time that
night. She was nearly a foot shorter than me, yet it was obvious who was in
control. I might as well have been on my knees, for she was indeed the princess
and I was her vassal. She couldn't have been more than 5 feet tall, certainly no
more than 5'1" or 5'2". If she weighed more than a dollar, I'd have been
shocked. All I knew is that I'd been hard since I first saw her that fateful
night.

"I don't even know your name" she said. "Brandon. My name is Brandon," I managed
to stutter. "Nice to meet you, Brandon. I'm... well... that's for me to know and
you to find out," she teased.

With that, she turned on her heels and proceeded toward the parking lot. I could
do nothing but watch her small derriere sway to and fro as I felt the pressure
build in my loins. God, she was beautiful. Somehow, I managed to run, grocery
wagon in tow, and finally caught up to her at her car: a red Toyota Camry.
"Miss... ummmm.  Ma'am, would it be to imprudent if I volunteered to load your
car for you?" I offered. "How sweet," she responded. "You go right ahead
honeybear, but I'm sorry, I don't have any tip money for you," she chirped.

I loaded her hatchback and opened the driver side door for her. "I could still
use your help when I get home. I have a long flight of stairs to climb and all
these packages will make it awfully hard," she said so innocently.

"I'd be privileged to carry your packages up for you, Miss." She just smiled and
started her engine. I quickly got in my car and followed her the eight blocks to
her house. It took four trips, but I finally brought all her packages
inside. "Thank you, Brandon. That was sweet of you. Would you do me a favor?" I
just looked at her dreamy green eyes. "Anything," I replied. "I'm glad you feel
that way. My car, as you might have surmised, is filthy. Since I have no cash on
hand, other than a few dollars to tip you, would you be a dear and wash it for
me?" I smiled and before the words came out of her mouth answered "of course!"

In a matter of minutes, she handed me the cleaning equipment and informed me
that she'd be taking a bath while I washed her car in the parking lot. My
groceries were melting while I hosed down her Toyota, but I was burning deep in
my loins as she was soaping up her sweet pale flesh.

An hour later, I was finished and promptly knocked on her door.  She answered in
a pale cream bathrobe with her wet hair tied in a pink scrunchie. She was
gorgeous and smelled like flowers when she handed me a five dollar bill. "Ohhh, I
couldn't take that," I replied. "You sure?" she asked. "Yep, I just wanted to do
something nice for you," I told her.  Her response was so charming, I thought
I'd gone to heaven. "Then let me make it up to you. What would you like more
than anything in this universe?" she queried. "What?" I asked kind of
shell-shocked. "You heard me. If you can ask anything of me, what would it be?"
I turned bright red and looked at the ground in front of her tiny bare feet.
"Welllll." I stammered. "Tell me," she said in a demanding tone. "I... I...
I..." I couldn't say it. "Tell me!" she demanded. "I want to kiss your feet," I
managed to gush. "Kiss my feet?" she answered. "Is that it?" "Well, kiss your
feet and suck your big toe" I told her shamefully. "My big toe?" All she could
do was laugh uproariously. "Of course you can kiss my feet and suck my big toe.
Go right ahead, Brandon," she said rather mockingly.

We were still at her doorstep, so I was a little embarrassed. "Well, go ahead.
This is your big chance. Do it, Brandon." I slowly got on my hand and knees as
she lifted her bare left foot to me and I covered it with kisses before finally
wrapping my parched lips around her pink-polished big toe. I sucked on it like I
was a condemned man and it was my final meal. My erection strained through my
pants as I sucked and sucked and sucked. When she had enough, she kicked my head
away. "If you want more, Brandon, you may return to our friendly neighborhood
supermarket next Sunday night. But beware, I won't be as kind as I was tonight.
I mean it. If you return, your life won't be the same. I dare say that if you
return, you'll be sorry."

With that, she slipped a five dollar bill down my pants and shut the door in my
face, leaving me there on her doorstep with a straining erection. Suddenly,
she opened the door and stuck her small delicate hand down my pants, lightly
brushing my hard, meaty cock and fishing out her money. "Sorry honeybear, but
I'll need this for the post office tomorrow," she informed me, then shut the
door in face once again. "By the way," she whispered though the door. "This
isn't my house. I'm housesitting for a friend. I still live at home with my
parents."

I still didn't learn her name and wondered if I had the nerve to return to the
store next Sunday night. If you're the mystery woman who met me at the
supermarket last Sunday night, please e-mail me at damselsthrall@yahoo.com. I
think I'm in love with you.




The Perishable Heart

Chapter 2

With visions of this teen beauty still dancing in my head, when I arrived home I
stroked myself like a brainless beast. In fact, I masturbated five times a day
for the next two days. That's more than I wanked the entire month. But this
young fresh thing, this girl with flesh that looked yummier to the eye than all
the delicacies in the world, touched my core like no other woman ever had. I
thought about her constantly for 48 hours straight. Then I received an unusual
e-mail: "Brandon, I just read your story on the internet on one of my favorite
sites. I couldn't believe that was you. You are soooooo cute. I can't wait to
see you. But I can't wait until Sunday. Please come over tonight. 8pm. Bring a
smile. Love, your mystery girl."

Wow. That was short, and sweet, and very hot. It drove me crazy all day and at
8pm sharp, I pulled up to her curb and took a deep breath. There was a strange
car in the driveway. Not her red Toyota hatchback, but another car: a black
Mercedes. I wasn't sure what to do. I waited until 8:10 then decided I had
better go for broke. I headed toward the door and pressed the buzzer. A
middle-aged man answered the door and I was aghast. "Ummmmm.. I'm sorry. I think
I have the wrong address." I managed to stammer.

I then turned and went back toward my car, cursing that young hottie under my
breath. The owners of the house had apparently returned, but my young beauty had
neglected to inform me. I felt like hell. Horny, but angry, as I sat in my car
and wondered my next step. I decided to go to back to the supermarket and hang
out in the parking lot. I was there until 10pm and fell into a light slumber.
When I awoke, there was a note on my windshield. I quickly got out of my car and
grabbed it. "Dear Brandon, I'm sorry but the Cheevers returned a few days
earlier than expected. If you're still interested in me please refrain from
masturbating (I know you've been pulling it like it was going out of style) and
meet me back at the frozen food section at 8pm on Sunday night. If you want to
have a relationship with me, you'll be there with bells on and with a nice gift
for me. Love and kisses, your mystery girl. PS: my cell phone number is
3*7-5*98. But only call it in case of an emergency."

I reread the note about 20 times. I decided to grin and bear it and do exactly
as she said. It wasn't easy, but I held back from wanking and met her at the
appointed time with a lump in my pants and a bigger one in my throat. It was a
full week since I had seen her and I was beyond hungry for her. It was pathetic,
I knew, but I needed her. I needed her and hated myself for needing her.

When our eyes finally met and she eyed the bouquet of white roses in my hand,
she only said one word: "bathroom." I ran there and waited for her before I 
entered, looking both ways before I followed her in. She told me to wait by the 
sink and I obliged, nervously watching the door as I heard her tinkle. When she 
opened the stall door, she pointed to the toilet and told me further instructions 
were floating inside and I should retrieve it. As I dove in, she told me to be at
check stand six in 4 minutes to pay for my groceries. I did as I was told and as
I headed for the cashier, I finally read her wet note. "Be at the Macy's parking
lot next Sunday afternoon at 3pm and be prepared pay for my happiness." At the
check stand, I pulled out my wallet and paid for her groceries. This time, it
cost me a whopping $150 dollars. But I didn't care. She was worth it, I thought. 
She thanked me and as I loaded her Camry, she gave me a peck on the cheek. I
didn't see her again until the following Sunday in the mall parking lot. Her
written instructions were explicit. No wanking, she warned.

When I escorted her into Macy's, it was clear that she intended to bust the
bank, my bank. She spent over $300 on clothes and I almost complained, but she
saw the apprehension in my eyes and frowned. Then she slapped me across my face.
After I helped her load her car, she told me that she couldn't take me home
because of her parents, but that the Cheevers wanted her to housesit for the
entire summer. Just a few more weeks and she'd have me all to herself, she
promised. But she said she wanted to make sure I was honest. "Honest?" I asked.
"Chaste," she replied. "I want to make sure you're all mine until then. She told
me to meet her in front of the adult book store on 5th Street the following
Sunday night. I was so horny for this girl, I thought about rubbing one out
constantly, but refrained in deference to her. I truly didn't want to disappoint
her. When Sunday rolled around, I was in agony. She looked absolutely tasty in
front of the X-rated store in short shorts and a tank top and tennies, her
golden tresses in a yellow scrunchie. I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I
ached for her like I didn't think possible. We entered the small store hand in hand
and a she was swift with her purchases. She chose up an unusual-looking cock
cage that I wasn't familiar with in my internet travels. It was a plastic and
rubber device and the store employee told is it was quite effective. My goddess
(she still didn't tell me her name) also bought an unusual looking butt plug:
one with nasty looking teeth around the base. I paid for them, naturally, then
drove, as per her directions, to our original rendezvous point: the grocery
store. There, she bought (with my money) a mini combination lock and, when we
returned to my car, she had me pull down my pants and fitted the cage on my
cock. We needed to wait a good 25 minutes for it to wilt, even with the help of
a cup of ice from the neighboring McDonald's, so she could finally padlock it,
spinning the numbers around, the numbers that only she knew.

"There, now you're mine. Be back at the Cheevers� house three weeks from today.
I'll be there for the summer and I want you with me. See you then, Brandon, my
honeybear." With that, she gave me a peck on the cheek and walked to her car. She
didn't want me knowing her identity nor where her parents lived. I had a feeling
she lived close by but I just drove home, my cock aching in its prison, but my
heart aching even harder.

Waiting the three weeks was damn near impossible but I had no choice. I didn't
know where she lived nor how to contact her, but I knew where her housesitting
duties were and could only wait. When the time came, I showed up at the
appointed time and followed her directions to enter her bathroom silently and
strip. She checked out the cock cage and seemed to be satisfied that no monkey
business occurred. When I was nude, she attached a dog chain around my cock and
balls and padlocked it around the toilet. There was no slack for me to stand nor
reach the water pressure valve which she turned off.

"Now Brandon, I have a chore for you, my little toy. See that wastebasket over
there? I want you to empty it, but in my own special way," she added. "I want
you to ingest every thing in there, swallow it, and the only help you'll get is
the water in the toilet bowl. All you get is one flush, so be prudent and
conserve. I'm going to bed and when I wake up in the morning, I expect the
basket to be empty. If it's not, I don't ever want to see you again.
understand?" I was confused, and knew she could tell. "Brandon, what I'm telling
you is that if you can't swallow my bathroom waste, I'll know you're not
suitable for me. You have 7 hours, good luck, honeybear. With that, she turned
and left, shutting the door behind her.

I couldn't believe it. This chick whose name I didn't even know, had asked me to
eat her bathroom trash and if I couldn't follow through, she was going to dump
me. I had 7 hours and as I looked into the basket, I knew it would be tough. I
sifted through the contents and thought it was a crazy task. "Why was I here?" I
thought to myself. Then I thought of that sweet face and those green eyes. Who
could resist that killer body? I couldn't deny that angel anything and
immediately dove into my meal. On top of the basket were some used tissues. I
started to open them up and knew it was a mistake. It was apparent that in the
first one, she had blown her nose. So I gritted my teeth and soaked the tissue
in the toilet. I tore piece by piece off into my mouth and forced it down my
throat, dipping my head in the toilet to suck down some water to help it slide
down.

Next, I found a styrofoam cup with coffee stains and a smudged lipstick
imprint around the top. I chewed off a piece, then another and another, dunking
my head in the toilet for some more water. Then, I found a paper wrapper. It
covered a leftover Egg Mcmuffin that smelled rather rank. This would be tough, 
I thought. I somehow managed to chew and swallow the old breakfast sandwich, but
tearing off piece by piece of the large paper wrapper proved difficult. I don't
know how I did it but I swallowed it all. Thinking of my teen princess sleeping
in her soft bed certainly helped. A half-eaten, but rock-hard bagel went down
rather easily when soaked in toilet water, but then the dental floss, which I
wadded up and swallowed with the help of a lot more water was way more
difficult. I dunked a couple of cotton balls stained with old makeup in the
toilet and swallowed them whole. But as morning approached, I realized that the
Q-tips, all 6 of them, laying at the bottom the basket and stained with makeup,
or god knows what else, would be a near impossible task. There was some more
toilet paper laying underneath, and I chewed and swallow that first. I don't
know what was inside nor did I try to identify the taste, but I held my breath
and forced it down. But those damn Q-tips. I tried to figure out several ways to
get them down my throat. But it was soon obvious that I could not, no matter how
hard I tried. I held all 6 Q-tips in my hand as I heard an alarm clock buzz. My
young goddess entered the bathroom about two minutes later and she saw me
holding the Q-tips. Words couldn't describe the disappointment and anger 
registering on her face. All she said was to get dressed and get out. "Bbbbbbut..." 
I stammered in a weak response. She just stared icepicks into me. "Bbbbbut
nothing." she mocked. "Get the fuck out, you worthless piece of shit. I'm
through with you." She unlocked my balls from the chain and threw my clothes 
at me and I was home in under 25 minutes. I cried myself the entire ride home.

I couldn't believe it. I failed such a simple task. I was miserable and couldn't
sleep. I got very sick and had cramps and diarrhea for the next three days. I
even had to call in sick for work for two of those. The following day, I called
her cell phone number and left a message on her voice mail. I apologized
abjectly and asked if I could anything to make amends. I didn't hear back for 3
days and left another message. The following Sunday, I showed up in front of the
Cheevers� house and left another message. After 6 hours, she never showed up, so
I returned the following day, but parked a block away. Again, I didn't see her
enter nor leave. The day after, I watched her pull up in a Jaguar and a man half
my age got out of the car and opened her door for her. She kissed him gently on
the cheek and went inside. 

I waited a few minutes after he drove away and rang her bell. When she answered 
with a smile, the look on her face was indescribable. Her smile, and her color, 
drained completely.  "Brandon, you animal. you filthy degenerate animal. How 
DARE you! if you're not out of my face in 10 seconds I'm calling the cops. 
10-9-8-7-6..." That's all I needed. I thought about pleading my case, but all 
that came out was "bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbut my cage. My cccco..." 
But I interrupted myself and ran down the block toward my car. I was devastated. 
I tried to wank every other hour for a week thinking of her. But it was useless. 
I couldn't even get fully erect in that god damn cage. Finally, on the seventh day, 
a package arrived on my doorstep. It was the butt plug from the X-rated store: an 
unusual-looking, and extremely large, butt plug with nasty-looking teeth at the base. 
The package also included instructions from my teen goddess. "Brandon, if you still 
want me and value our time together, you'll grease up that plug, using only your 
saliva, and shove it in your worthless asshole. Then you'll meet me at Athena's 
on Saturday night at 7:30pm sharp. I want a nice dinner and a fine bottle of wine. 
But most of all, I want to hear your apology."

Needless to say, I was there with bells on. Not exactly bells, but a cock cage
and a butt plug, one that dug into my anal ring with angry incisors. When I
arrived, I gingerly sat at the table and waited patiently. It was painful and
she was over a half hour late. But what walked thought the front door took my
breath away. My cock bobbed in its plastic prison, and my sphincter gripped the
plug as my weight shifted and pressed hard onto its bare teeth. I stood up to
greet her and she looked absolutely ravishing. Her honey-blonde hair fell
loosely around her pretty face and her ivory dress and ivory leather
slingback heels gave her slim figure an elegant carriage. She couldn't have been
more than a 34B. Her slender legs seemed longer than they ever had and I was
literally drooling by the sight. After we took our seats, she immediately
slipped off her leather slingbacks and casually played with my caged cock with
her pink-tipped porcelain-delicate toes. The teeth in the plug dug in harder 
around the periphery of my anus as I whimpered. "Ooooh baby, you okay? Why don't 
you go to the bathroom and freshen up," she cooed. I complied and when I rearranged 
myself, I noticed there was a ring of blood in the seat of my underwear. I informed
princess about it when I returned to our table and she told me that I'd need a
panty liner since that plug would be a regular part of my ensemble from now on.

After we placed our order and she asked for an expensive bottle of Merlot, my
teenaged temptress excused herself and went to the Ladies Room. When she
returned, she just casually smiled at me and pulled out a small vial of amber
fluid and emptied it into the wine glass in front of her. When our waitress
shortly brought out our Merlot, she asked about the "white wine" in the middle
of our table. "Oooh don't worry, that's just Brandon's special elixir," she told
her. She moved it toward me as if our waitress seemed to understand. She poured
her a glass of Merlot, and my "date" made a toast. "To us, to a long and
satisfying relationship...... satisfying for me, anyway," she giggled and we
drank.

It was painfully obvious what I was drinking. It was my goddess' pee. The look
in her eyes told me to swallow it down quickly and without hesitation or
complaint. All the while she rubbed her cute toes along my caged shaft and told
me how handsome I was. I repaid the compliment and she immediately jabbed a big
toe into my bloated balls, doubling me over. "NEVER EVER speak unless spoken to,
YOU HEAR ME, boy?" I nodded, and winced, as we continued dining. Then she asked
for my apology and I blubbered something incoherent even though I had practiced
it for days. The gist was that I'd promise to do ANYTHING to make it up to her.
That just made her smile mischievously and lick her lips suggestively. After I
paid the bill, we left and I drove her home.

"If you think we're even you're wrong, dead wrong, boy." She lead me back to her
bathroom and repeated the process from the week before: stripping me and
latching me to the toilet. "This time, if you don't eat the ENTIRE contents of my
wastebasket, you're going to cease to exist for me. Not only will that cage
never come off, but if you ever show up here again I'll call the police and have
you arrested on charges so vile you'll never see the light of day. Understand?"
I nodded and she left me there padlocked to her toilet all night long to eat her
refuse. I was addicted to something worse than heroin. No treatment center could
help me. No drug could wean me. My life had entered a zone that had consequences
too frightening to imagine. It was frightening because I entered it with open
arms. But as I opened up to it, it closed all around me. As I looked into the
wastebasket and took a deep breath, she opened the door, surprising me.

"Brandon, I almost forgot, one more thing." She squatted down as her hair
tickled my face and her scent drove my cock into its hard plastic prison and my
anal muscles flexed against its intruder. She fiddled with my cage and I heard a
"click." When she was through, she kissed me on the tip of my nose and pinched
my cheek. "Thank you Brandon, for being mine." When she closed the door behind
her, I looked down at my imprisoned organ. She had attached a metal dog tag. It
was engraved. I took hold of it and turned it so the light shone properly on the
inscription. "PROPERTY OF GODDESS ANNABETH." I sighed. I belonged to a girl
named Annabeth. Goddess Annabeth. I smiled contentedly and stuck my hand in the
basket, pulling out...... a used tampon.




The Perishable Heart

Chapter 3

I heard Annabeth turn on the bedroom television on the other side of the door.
It was pretty loud and I heard a familiar voice. It was that of the voiceover
announcer that you hear on every other movie trailer these days. My new Goddess
was going to peacefully watch a DVD before she fell asleep as I crouched on the
cold tile floor of her bathroom. As I leaned on my haunches staring at the
tampon that dangled from my fingertips, I listened closely and realized what
movie she was watching. I smiled to myself, then shuddered. It was cute and
calculating, irresistibly sweet but made me extremely nervous. The movie that
Annabeth was watching was Mean Girls.

My eyes moistened as I tried to figure out my course of action. How was I going
to swallow that thing? I stared at the tampon and knew the first thing I had to
do was soak it in the toilet water and clean it off. As it swam in the bowl, I
reached toward the counter and realized I could just barely pull the drawer open
and pull myself up enough to reach inside. Maybe a pair of scissors to cut the
tampon into pieces would work. I felt around a bit but the closest thing to
scissors I could feel with my fingers was a pair of tweezers. I pulled them out
and realized they were useless. Suddenly, the door sung open and Annabeth
appeared behind me. It was an unexpected jolt and I dropped the tweezers into
the toilet as she hovered above me. I twisted around and looked up at her. My
god, she was stunning. My eyes licked her from the pink burnished toenails of
her bare size five feet, up her slender alabaster legs, to her pink cotton
panties, up past her white wifebeater shirt, and finally to that angelic visage.
Her soft pink lips were bouncing up and down and I realized she was chewing gum.
My hungry eyes finally rested on her golden hair tied off into a ponytail by a
white scrunchie. She wrinkled her nose like she was smelling day-old fish and
barked at me.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing? You think you can just flush it down
the toilet? It won't be that easy, little man." I knew she was angry when she
called me a little man instead of her honeybear. I was more than twice her age
and the term "little man" was quite humiliating. Towering above me, she leaned
over and peered down into the toilet. "What the hell is that?" she demanded to
know.

I turned to look up at her. "That's a tweezer, Annabeth." S-M-A-C-K! She
delivered a stinging slap hard across my face. "That's Goddess, to you, little
man. understand? From now on, you are to address me with proper respect. Goddess
Annabeth or Goddess will suffice. Now get that tweezer out of there and dry it
off wit some TP. And don't even try to flush anything down the toilet. The
pressure is shut off and the tank is empty since I already flushed it once after
I turned the valve. If you flush it again, the bowl will empty without refilling
and in the morning I'll know that you cheated. You know what happens to
cheaters, little man?"

I nodded my head from side to side.

"Good. because if you did, you'd know the real me. But your choice is easy.
Fulfill the task I've given you and make me happy. Fail once again, and you'll
never see me again for the rest of your life. But if you try to cheat, then I'll
have no choice but to reveal the real Goddess Annabeth. The choice is yours.
Now, why the fuck did I come in here anyway?" she asked rhetorically, rubbing
her chin and pursing her glossy lips. "Oh yeah, I have a present for you."

Annabeth bent over the waste basket and spit her gum out. I looked at the big
purple wad resting on top of a cardboard toilet paper core.

"Bon appetit, honeybear," she sang and shut the door behind her.

I breathed in hard through my nose and decided to leave the tampon for the end.
The first thing I did was pop the gum into my mouth and savor the taste of
Annabeth's saliva. It was grape bubblegum, maybe two or three pieces lumped
together, quite a big wad. But it tasted like ambrosia. It was warm from her
mouth and still very moist and sweet. I don't think she had been chewing it
long. I closed my eyes and must have kneeled there for 20 minutes, savoring it
and sucking all of Annabeth's essence out. My hand naturally found it's way to
my cock, but was stopped by its plastic prison. Once again, it tried to get
hard, but could only manage a semi. How I longed to stroke it whenever Annabeth
was anywhere nearby. I could still smell her as her light floral scent engulfed
me. I had no clock to guide me, but figured I'd better get a move on because I
had a long night ahead of me and a full trash can. I could still hear the movie
running in the bedroom and occasionally would hear Annabeth giggle.

It took about 5 separate bites and swallows, but finally the gum eased down my
throat. I followed up with the toilet paper core which I soaked in the toilet.
As it softened, I rummaged around in the basket. It was mostly the same stuff as
the last time, except for a soap bar sliver and an apple core. By the time Mean
Girls ended, I felt bloated, but still had about half the trash to go plus that
dreaded tampon. A few hours later, my knees were in agony and my back was stiff,
but I had still not yet solved the tampon conundrum. My belly was mildly
distended from consuming the entire contents of Annabeth's wastebasket, and I
was slightly queasy, yet had to soldier on.

Suddenly, I heard the bedroom window opening and I panicked. I realized that it
must be morning and Annabeth was awake. Without thinking, I swiftly dunked my
hand in the toilet and rung out the excess water from the tampon. Then I reached
around and roughly pulled the plug out of my ass. I had to bite my tongue from
screaming. The pain was immense since my anal canal had dried up considerably
since the plug had last entered. The bloody teeth mark-like indentations around
my anus hurt even more when the air hit them. Making haste, I lubed up a couple
of my fingers with saliva and loosened my asshole some more. I winced as I felt
like a red-hot poker had been there all night. I worked two, three, then four
fingers into my asshole as I heard Annabeth open the bedroom door and walk into
the hallway. As I twisted four fingers in up to the second knuckle, I put the
tampon in my mouth and sucked on it, getting it ready for its new hiding place.

Time seemed to stand still when I heard the bathroom doorknob turn. It felt like
I was moving in slow motion when I finally pushed the tampon deep into my ass,
with the butt plug right behind it. I groaned when the sharp teeth at the base
of the invader hit home. Sinking back on my heels, I turned to Annabeth who
looked radiant, a halo of sunlight framing her head from behind. In her delicate
little hands, she held a coffee mug and stood there in the doorway silently
blowing on it. She gave me a stern look as if to say, "staring isn't permitted."
I looked down at the floor as she walked over and peeked over my shoulder into
the toilet.

It felt like minutes passed, when in actuality it was only a matter of seconds.
I was shaking. She put her hand around my throat, then let it rest on my
shoulder.

"I'm so proud of you, honeybear. You did it. You actually did it. You're the
bestest slave in the whole wide world. And you're mine, all mine." I turned to
look up at her smile serenely.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," she cooed and put the steaming mug down on the
counter. She wrapped her arms about herself and added "I'm the luckiest girl
ever. You did it, honeybear. You did it for me. God, I feel so special. You are
sooooo sweet and sooooo cute. Look at that tummy of yours. It's sooooo big!" She
rubbed her soft bare toes in circles along the surface of my bloated stomach
before finally poking her big toe at my belly button

I looked into her eyes, attempted a smile, then looked away. She sensed
something was wrong. Placing a hand back on my shoulder, her tone remained soft.

"Now honeybear, I should tell you that there IS a worse thing than cheating.
That's lying. I can be a forgiving person, I've already proved that. But I've
never forgiven a liar. Without trust, there's nothing. Is there something you
want to tell me?"

I hesitated and she stroked my cheek. Looking up into her large green eyes,
tears started to stream down my face. "I'm sorry Goddess. I panicked."

She squatted down so we were face to face. Her warm breath felt cool on my
tears. Her demeanor was still gentle. "Where is it?"

"I...... I...... I hid it. Inside my body."

I expected the worst. But a smile broke out on her face and she started to
giggle, covering her mouth with her tiny hand. Then her hand moved up to her
forehead and she shook her head.

"Poor baby. Well, I guess it was gonna wind up there anyway, wasn't it?" She
giggled again and I finally smiled. S-P-L-A-S-H! The hot coffee splattered
across my face. I screamed at the top of my lungs and Annabeth's eyes were
ablaze. I sank my head into the toilet to cool off. Moving my head all around
the cool, but filthy water. It was a kind of a muddy pink. When the stinging
abated, I pulled myself up.

Tapping the empty mug against the palm of her hand like it was a fist, she bit
the corner of her lip as if studying me as I tried to focus on her as toilet
water dribbled down my forehead.

"The tampon stays. So will you. But you'll pay. Dearly."

Shutting the light, she slammed the door shut as my life flashed before my eyes.




The Perishable Heart

Chapter 4

Isolated. In darkness. Despair hung over me like a rain cloud. And baby, the
rain must fall. I lay in the fetal position, my cock caged, my balls chained to
the toilet. Tethered as I was, I could do little more than get up into a
kneeling position or slide a foot in either direction. My belly rumbled with
Annabeth's refuse and my face was still raw. What was the "real" Annabeth like,
I thought, and who was the young lady who just scalded me with coffee?

I must have fallen asleep because I felt a sharp pain in my ribs and opened my
eyes to blinding light. Annabeth was kicking me in my rib cage with the toe of
her shoes.

"Wake up, sleepyhead. You've been out for four hours. You gonna sleep your life
away?"

I adjusted my eyes and looked up at Annabeth. She wore a pale peach sundress and
a pair of peach sandals, thin-heeled and very strappy. Her sun-kissed amber
locks fell loosely about her shoulders. An oversized handbag hung from her
shoulder.

"Honeybear, I used your credit card while you were asleep. I hope you don't
mind. I went online and made a few special purchases from a really cool website.
They promised express delivery. I can hardly wait. I'm so excited to show you
the neat stuff I bought."

I sat up and cleared the cobwebs out of my head.

"Then I went to the mall to spend some more of your money. If you're a good
slave, maybe I'll put on a fashion show for you later. I brought home some
Chinese for lunch. I'm famished. Toodles."

My mouth felt dry and I had to pee. But although I was leaning against the
toilet, I couldn't use it. My cock couldn't reach over the rim, so I just had to
wait patiently. About a half hour passed when Annabeth returned.

"I brought you some leftovers, sweetie. After you've finished. I'll release
you."

Right there at my feet, Annabeth spilled a half carton of egg drop soup onto the
floor. Then she threw the carton at me. It softly hit my chest and landed on the
floor.

"But first, let me try out these handcuffs I bought at the pawn shop next to the
drive-through ATM. Yes, I kind of made a withdrawal, too. I saw you punch in the
code at the supermarket the first day we met. I hope you don't mind. I think I
left you with a little money. Call it your allowance." She giggled some more and
once again covered her mouth, an adorable habit she had. She was as lovely as
she was lethal and I was as afraid of her as I was in love with her.

"Hands behind your back, mister. You're under arrest," Annabeth giggled against
the back of my neck as she clamped the cuffs on. "Now eat. When I get back, I
expect the floor to be spotless."

Her heels clicked across the bathroom tile, then silently stepped onto the thick
bedroom carpet. Ten seconds later, she returned.

"I'm back! Hey, you didn't slurp up all the soup! Just kiiiiiiiiiiidding." This
fetching teenager, who enthralled my heart and captivated my cock, giggled again
as she turned and left once more.

I wasn't hungry but I was grateful that it was only soup she wanted me to
consume. I didn't think anything else would fit into my stomach in its present
condition. With my hands cuffed behind my back, the only way I could get my
tongue and lips to the floor was to drop to my side, then roll onto my distended
belly. With hardly any slack in my testicle chain, Annabeth made it very
difficult for me to reach the soup puddle. I slurped up as much as I could, then
swung around and used my foot to scoop it toward me.

Annabeth returned and seemed pleased with me. However, she noticed that my right
foot glistened with egg drop soup and demanded that I lick it off.

"But Goddess, I'm not a contortionist." As soon as the words escaped my mouth, I
wish I could've recaptured them. The look in her eyes was all it took. They were
as hot and green as a forest fire. S-L-A-P! This slap stung even worse than the
previous ones because my face was still sore from the coffee.

"You have much to learn, little man. Much to learn."

Annabeth retrieved a coil of rope and told me to lay on my back. The handcuffs
dug into my wrists as I complied. Deftly, she tied one end of the rope to my
right ankle and the other she wrapped around my neck. Then she pulled, and
pulled, drawing my foot closer to my head. She was choking my windpipe, and just
as I was about to complain, she loosened her grip and tied it off, my knee bent
awkwardly to the side. There I was, laying on my cuffed hands, my balls chained
to the toilet, and my right ankle tied to my neck. My foot was just inches from
my face and I tried to crane my neck and reach it with my tongue, but it was no
use. One inch. it might as well have been a yard.

"If you need some inspiration, just ask," Annabeth proclaimed. Then she calmly
took a seat on my stomach, facing me. Her pert tits resting against my bent leg
felt wonderful, but her weight was too much to bear. Perhaps if my belly wasn't
full of her garbage, I could more easily sustain Annabeth's 100 lbs. But the air
deflated from my lungs as soon as her ass touched my stomach.

"I'll get off when you lick it off. Not a second sooner. Well? I'm waiting."

It didn't take her too long to wait. I was either going to find a way to move my
head forward that extra inch, or I was going to pass out. Five licks and
Annabeth stood up.

"Thank you, honeybear. Where there's a will, there's a way."

Annabeth sent me home to recuperate, but told me to arrange to move in with her
for the summer.

"Be back in two days, honeybear. And pack light. When you get home, you can
remove the anal plug and tampon. Use plenty of peroxide on those 'bite marks'
around your hole. And bring plenty of panty liners. The plug will be returned to
its 'home' when you return and will stay there at all times over the summer,
except for when you take a dump."

She blew me a kiss and I could hear her giggling as I walked to my car.

The following night, when I came home from work, I heard the following message
on my voicemail:

"Hi honeybear. Guess what I got in the mail today? Those online purchases I told
you about. They're incredible, I can't wait to try them out on you. They'll be
perfect for your punishment. Forgot about that, huh? Well, you may have fessed
up about the cheating, but you still cheated. But I think I found a good way for
you to make it up to me. See ya tomorrow. Kiss-kiss."




The Perishable Heart

Chapter 5

I arranged to have my mail held at the post office for the duration of the
summer and had my newspaper delivery terminated and my utilities turned off. I
drove to Annabeth's summer house after work. I followed her directions and
packed light, bring only one bag of clothes with me. Annabeth greeted me at the
door wearing her wet hair in a ponytail and no makeup. She told me she just went
for a swim in the backyard. She was barefoot and wore denim cutoffs and a pink
belly T that said "Boys R My Toys" in sparkly letters. Her midriff was bare and
flat and you could see a few ribs. She was a lean mean fighting machine.

"Honeybear, be a sweetie and go get us a pizza and some beer, mmmkay? Pineapple
and anchovies. I have some things I need to set up."

"But, ummmm Goddess Annabeth?"

"Yes, honeybear?"

"I ran out of cash. I won't be getting paid until next week and you... I mean I
used up the rest of my allowance."

"Then use your credit card," she instructed me.

"But I reached my limit," I replied.

Rolling her eyes, she pressed the palm of her right hand to her forehead. "Oh, 
honeybear. What am I gonna do with you?"

She looked at my watch, calmly retorting "pawn shop," and slammed the door in my
face.

Oh my god, I thought to myself. Is this what it came down to? Pawning my watch
for dinner? I looked at the tree-lined street in this upper-middle class
neighborhood and wondered how many others here had to pawn their watches to eat
dinner tonight. But, then again, how many here had earlier in the week been
chained naked and forced to consume the waste receptacle contents in their
bathrooms?

I got a measly $25 bucks for my watch, but I was in no position to bargain. I
stopped by the mini-mart and got a six-pack of Bud, then waited for my pizza.
Pineapple and anchovies? Yuck! But what was I going to do? I was in no
bargaining position with Annabeth either. She owned my heart and my cock. I had
to do as she wished. It was as simple as that. After I paid for the pizza, I had
exactly three bucks to my name.

When I got to Annabeth's house, I heard giggling coming from the kitchen. I
entered and saw Annabeth sitting at the table with another young woman, a
redhead approximately the same age. They were eating pizza and drinking
Heinekens.

"Honeybear, you're back! Shelby here brought over dinner, a sausage and pepper
pie. Ewwww, what's that smell?"

"I guess it's the pineapple and anchovies," I answered.

"What? That's gross. What on earth persuaded you to buy something like that?
Fuck! I can't take that smell," Annabeth said disdainfully as she wrinkled her
nose and grabbed my pizza box. She slammed the box on the counter and folded it
in half, then stuffed it into the kitchen trash can.

"Take that outside to the curb. I can hardly breathe."

I knew better than to answer her back, so I quietly complied and said goodbye to
$15. When I returned, Annabeth and Shelby had retired to the living room with my
Budweiser to play Halo.

"Honeybear, Shelby and I left you some pizza and beer. When you're finished, you
can come back out here and keep us some company."

Famished, I sat down at the table and opened the pizza box to find...... crusts.
They left me crusts. I got up and opened the fridge. At east they left me a
bottle of Heineken. Well, half a bottle anyway. I sat down and ate Annabeth's
and Shelby's crusts and lifted the Heineken bottle to my lips. As soon as it hit
my tongue, I knew it wasn't beer. I gagged a little, but didn't spit it out. I
also knew better than to spill it into the sink or throw it out. So I drank it
all.

Annabeth and Shelby were all giggles in the living room. No wonder. They were
working on their second six-pack of beer and the two of them together probably
weighed less than me.

"So honeybear, how was dinner?"

"Dinner was delicious, Goddess."

"And the beer? How was that?"

"The beer was delicious, Goddess."

"Really? I wasn't sure if you had a taste for imported."

"I love Heineken. But I only had enough money for Bud tonight."

"That's not what I meant, honeybear. The brew you drank tonight was imported
from Rosewood Avenue."

I looked at her puzzled. "Rosewood Avenue?" I asked.

"Yeah," Shelby interrupted. "I'm from Rosewood."

The two girls burst out laughing. I had drunk Shelby's pee. A girl less than
half my age who I only met a half hour earlier. I turned red from embarrassment.
But my cock stirred in its plastic prison as I ogled Shelby. She was as petite
as Annabeth, but more full-bosomed, perhaps a C-cup. Her hair was longer than
Annabeth's, hanging in ringlets to nearly the middle of her back. She wore white
short shorts and a pale blue tank top. On her feet were a pair of pale blue
cotton socks with lacy trim. She noticed me ogling her and smiled while
girlishly bit down softly on her thumb.

Annabeth enjoyed the show as she downed another bottle of beer. Shelby's cell
phone ringer finally cut the sexual tension in the room. She took the call and
learned that her ride wasn't coming. She had a curfew tonight and had to be home
by nine.

"Honeybear, be a dear and drive Shelby home, mmmkay?" Annabeth said.

"Yes, Goddess."

Shelby gathered up her things: her books, her tennies, and her bikini that was
hanging in the bathroom. She put all of it in her backpack.

"Honeybear, would you mind picking up some orange juice on the way home? I want
to make screwdrivers for lunch tomorrow. Thanks, baby."

I had three dollars left, so I would just make it.

Annabeth kissed me on the cheek and hugged Shelby as we got in my car. When we
turned the first corner. Shelby got frisky. At first, she played footsie with
me, running her sock-covered foot up and down my calf.

"You have sexy lips, Brandon."

"Thank you, Shelby."

"How about me?"

"What?"

"Do you think I have sexy lips, Brandon?"

"Ummmm...... yes, Shelby. Your mouth is very pretty. I looked over at her at the
first red light and noticed how attractive she really was. Aquamarine
almond-shaped eyes, a wide mouth, kissable lips, a small upturned nose with a
splash of freckles, a long graceful neck, and a generous set of breasts on a
thin frame.

"You think so? I think it's too big."

"Too big? no way. it's the perfect size."

"The perfect size for what?"

I blushed. "You know what I mean. If anyone's mouth is too big, it's mine."

"That's ridiculous. Can you stick your fist in your mouth?"

"My fist? I doubt it. No, I'm sure of it. It's not that big."

"That's what I mean. I can fit MY fist in my mouth. Watch."

As we reached Rosewood Avenue, Shelby put her fist in her own mouth. Incredible.

"Yeah, but you're a petite thing. Your hands are so tiny. And I bet your feet
are small, too. What's your shoe size?"

"I'm a four."

"See what I mean. It's not your mouth that's big, but the rest of you that's
small. Except for... ummmm."

"Except for what?"

"Your chest," I meekly replied.

"Oh, that. But I bet my feet aren�t that small."

"How much?"

"How much, what?"

"How much you wanna bet that your feet are TOO that small?"

"How much you got on you?"

"Three dollars."

"Ooooohhh, big spender. What's the bet?"

"I bet I can fit the socks you're wearing into my mouth."

"No way. My feet are bigger than my fist. No way you can do that."

"Bet I can."

"Deal."

As we pulled up to her parents' house, Shelby excitedly pulled off her blue
socks, only to reveal another pair underneath.

"Annabeth's floors are always so cold. I don't know why," Shelby gleefully said
as she peeled off the remaining pair. "Be my guest," she said handing me the two
pairs.

Oh god, what did I get myself into. My last three bucks were riding on whether I
could fit four of Shelby's socks into my mouth. She watched me intently, biting
gently on her thumbnail as I easily put the first two in. They were the two she
removed last and were the moistest and most fragrant ones. The final two were
the ones she had been walking around in and the soles were extremely dirty. I
crammed number three in as Shelby's eyes widened and she sat up on one knee, the
other leg curled up in front of her. As I tried to pack the last sock into my
mouth, my cheeks bulged and I realized it was a fruitless effort. A man appeared
at the door and called out Shelby's name. It was 9 o'clock, Shelby's curfew. She
held out her hand.

"Pay up, mister. Dad's waiting."

I reached up to remove the socks and she held my arm down.

"Money first."

I looked at her with bulging cheeks as I saw her father start to walk toward the
car. I quickly reached for my wallet and gave Shelby my last three dollars. She
kissed my chubby cheek and whispered in my ear.

"Consider the socks a gift. Don't remove it until you get home to Annabeth. Good
night, handsome."

My cock throbbed in Annabeth's cage and I sped home, needing relief. I pulled
Shelby's socks from my mouth as I pulled into the driveway and carried them into
the house.

"Back so soon?" Annabeth said, greeting me at the door.

I told her the whole sordid story and Annabeth had to stifle a giggle.

"What am I gonna do with you little man? You can't follow simple directions.
Tomorrow morning before work, you'll donate blood and use the money to buy me
OJ. If I don't get to have a screwdriver with my lunch, it'll be your ass. And I
mean that literally."

"Yes, Goddess" was my weak reply.

"Now, as to your punishment for the tampon scandal, follow me.




The Perishable Heart

Chapter 6

I followed Annabeth up the stairs to her bedroom, watching her small
heart-shaped ass sway from left to right in their cut-off jeans. It made my
mouth drool. How I longed to remove the cage and slide my cockmeat between those
juicy cheeks.

"Taaahhh-daaahhh! You like?"

"What is it," I asked as I looked at the weird contraption Annabeth had set up
at the foot of her bed.

http://www.extremerestraints.com/Merchant2/graphics/00000001/ri780.jpg

"It's called a Cock and Ball Pillory. It's for errant wieners and bad balls."
Her final remark put Annabeth in stitches. She had to use both hands to cover
her mouth this time.

"Instead of spending your nights in the bathroom, you'll get to spend them here
with me."

I must have turned several shades paler, but eating Annabeth's garbage seemed
like a walk in the park compared to this. I was told to strip and plug myself.
Although I did it gingerly, the sharp teeth once again bit into the skin around
my anus, causing me sharp pain until I got used to it. Then it merely dissipated
into a dull pain. Annabeth proceed to handcuff my wrists behind my back and had
me back into the pillory. She made me get up on tiptoes, then shackled my ankles
to the base and locked my testicles to the ball crusher part at the top. As bad
as it looks, it felt a thousand times worse. The strain immediately shot up my
calves and I knew it would be a long night. At least, I had hoped it would be
long. What if it's a short night? What if I didn't last? What if my legs gave
out? Worse yet, what if my balls gave out? I could already feel the perspiration
start to form at the back of my neck.

Annabeth had positioned the pillory so it was facing her bed, but she said most
days she would likely decide to make me face away to offer her more privacy.
However, she thought the first night was special.

"Where are Shelby's socks?" Annabeth asked while she was brushing her teeth.

"Next to my bag in the guest room," I answered with labored breaths, still
unsure of how to conduct myself while I was in this devilish contraption.

After she washed her face and put on her nightshirt, which was actually just an
oversized strawberry-colored T shirt, she retrieved Shelby's socks.

"You should've won that bet, honeybear. Watch this."

Amazingly, Annabeth managed to pack all four socks into my mouth. But she knew
the proper technique.

"You look like a fucking beaver. Speaking of beaver......"

To my shock and surprise, Annabeth turned around reached for the remote control
laying a pillow. her nightshirt hiked up above her narrow hips as she bent at
her waist. I got a flash of her shaved beaver as well as her creamy white ass. I
moaned into the sock gag, partly out of desire, partly out of pain. My cock
desperately wanted to expand, but couldn't due to the cage. I instinctively
wanted to thrust my hips toward Annabeth, but any slight movement would wrench
my balls from my body. The pickle I was in was as sour as they get.

Annabeth turned on the TV and watched the late night shows as I stewed and
strained. Occasionally, she would look over at me and smile. I was on my
tiptoes, unnaturally hunched over, balls clamped behind me, wrists cuffed behind
me, asshole impaled by a plug with fangs, and two pairs of socks crammed into my
cheeks. At about two in the morning, she fell asleep and approximately a half
hour later, the TV timer shut itself off. I just stood there staring at my
tormentor, my beautiful tormentor. One of her legs was draped over the blanket,
about three feet from my perspiring face. I stared into the smooth sole of her
bare foot. I wanted to lick it, up and down, and in between the toes, sucking on
each one like little gumdrops. But instead I had to satisfy myself with Shelby's
stale foot sweat.

At four o'clock, I could take it no more. My knees weakened and started to
buckle. I was going down for the count. I screamed into my gag and woke up
Annabeth. She shot up and ran to me, pulling the damp gag from my mouth.

"I'm... I'm sorry, Goddess, I'm going to fall backward onto my heels. My balls
might go with me. I'm... I'm sorry."

She held her hand up to her chest and caught her breath.

"You scared the shit out of me," she said as she unclamped my balls and
unshackled my ankles.

"Thhhhank you... Thank you, Goddess."

"We're gonna have to work on a solution. Starting tonight. Get into the closet."

Annabeth uncuffed one wrist, looped the free end over a rod in the walk-in
closet, then recuffed them. At least I was flatfooted. She left me there a
couple of minutes, then returned with another strange contraption.

"This is called a parachute ball-stretcher. This part wraps around your nuts and
this part pulls down on it with weight. For the next month or so, we'll work on
getting your sack to the point where you can stand in the pillory while flat on
your feet. I'll start with five lbs. and add another lb. every day. Hopefully,
by the end of the month, we can continue with your punishment. If not, I'll have
to use more extreme measures. Good night, little man. I need to take an Ambien
now. Thanks a lot," she added sarcastically.

Annabeth shut the light and closed the door. She wouldn't return for another
five hours. The next morning, I lost a pint of blood and Annabeth got her
screwdriver. She stretched my wallet to the breaking point. Would she soon be
doing the same to my balls?

It only took a couple of weeks and twenty lbs., but my balls had been stretched
to the point where Annabeth thought we could fit me into the pillory while
standing flatfooted. She was right.

"I'm always right," she said as if reading my mind. "Now we can successfully
continue with your punishment. However there's still the matter of waking me up
in the middle of the night. That's an extra dose of punishment Don't worry, it
won't last very long. A few minutes or so."

Annabeth rubbed my back as if trying to comfort me. The pillory was facing away
from the bed this time, toward the far corner of her bedroom. She left and
returned a few minutes later with two items: a pencil and a portable boom box.
Sitting down behind me on the bed, she explained the new punishment.

"I use the pencil to play the drums on your balls for the duration of the song.
That's it. But if you make a peep, I start from the beginning, after the song
finishes. That means three peeps during the first song costs you three more
plays. This could be either short and sweet or long and bitter. It's entirely up
to you."

With Annabeth sitting on the bed behind me and the boom box at her side, she
pressed the play button. The song was Gwen Stefani's Hollaback Girl. I grunted
on the first verse. That meant the song would be repeated again after it
finished. Luckily, I kept my mouth shut for the rest of the song and its encore
as Annabeth happily tapped my balls to the beat. I never knew a pencil could
create such agony. When the encore finished, my balls felt like they were on
fire. They apparently looked that way, too.

"Wowie-kazowie, your nuts are redder than a baboon's ass."

Annabeth lifted her bare foot up to my tender balls and rubbed her soft sole
against it.

"God, they're burning hot! How do they feel?"

"Goddess, they ache horribly, but your foot feels so cool and nice. Thank you."

"You're welcome, honeybear. I'm just glad that we can finally spend our nights
together. I was getting so lonely the last two weeks with you in the closet."

I was too, I confessed. Standing hunched-over all night wasn't my idea of
paradise, but at least I didn't have to worry about castration. With my balls
stretched as they were, the only way they could be pulled while standing in the
pillory was if I tried to stand upright.

"But I hope you won't be too upset with me. I made a slight boo-boo."

"What's that?" I asked politely.

"The pillory was adjustable. I could've lowered it without stretching your
balls. I'm sorry, baby."

I was dumbfounded. How could such a young girl like her fool a man like me so
many times?

"But now I'm kind of sorry I invited Shelby over for a sleepover this weekend. I
hope you don't mind. I'll make sure she brings over some more beer. I know how
you like it. I bet you could drink us both under the table."

Annabeth again broke herself up. But this time she didn't cover her mouth, she
just lay back on the bed and rolled from side to side, laughter flowing from
every pore. She wore a pair of low-rider jeans with a tight belly shirt with no
bra and was barefoot. Her nipples were engorged and her untamed hair was all
over the place. I was so hungry for Annabeth at that moment, I wanted to rip my
balls from the pillory and fuck her right there on the bed. I wanted to fuck her
mouth, I wanted to fuck her tits, I wanted to fuck her ass, and I wanted to fuck
the holiest of holies, her shaved pussy. I wanted to come on her face, in her
hair, and in her ass. I wanted to...... Wow, has it really been that long? When
was the last time I had come? Oh god, the last time was the day after I first
met Annabeth. That was two months ago. But that was when I still owned my own
cock. Would she ever let me have the pleasure of release? Or was I doomed to a
hellish desire that never ended?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  damselsthrall


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





