BDSM Library - Dorm Poker




Dorm Poker
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My girlfriend and I play a high stakes game of strip poker with a couple across the hall.
Dorm Poker

The following is an event which almost happened when I was in college and is set
in a college dorm.  Much to my disappointment we never went through with it so
while it is based on a real situation this is a fictional story.  People's names
(except mine Peter) have been changed to protect their identity.

--------

"Hey Amy," I said snuggling up to my dark haired girlfriend in bed, "you find
Paulo pretty hot don't you?"

"Mmm, you know I do.  You helped him make out with me that time we all got
drunk," Amy replied in a sleepy voice, "Why do you ask?"

"Well.." I started gingerly while reaching my hand around to caress Amy's bare
stomach, "you know how Sarah has been hooking up with Paulo lately."

"Yahh"

"So I was joking with Sarah last night and I suggested we should all play strip
poker together and she seemed really into the idea."

"Really?" responded Amy, curiosity edging out sleepiness in her voice.

"Yup," I replied plunging ahead with my idea, "I thought it might be lots of fun
to play an adult version of strip poker with Paulo and Sarah."

"Adult?" questioned Amy now fully alert, "Isn't strip poker already pretty
adult?"

"Well.." I answered, my hand moving up to cup Amy's satin covered breast, "I was
thinking of going a little beyond stripping.  So maybe whoever wins gets to take
the clothes off the loser and at the end everyone who ends up naked has to do
anything the winner asks."

"Ohh your hoping you might finally get to fuck Sarah aren't you?"

"Yes," I replied moving my left hand up to unhook Amy's bra, "the thought had
occured to me."

"Ohh," a soft satisfied sigh slipped out of Amy's lips as my hand slid up under
her bra to knead her breast, "So what would you do with Sarah if you won?"

My cock rapidly hardening with the thought I pulled Amy closer now squeezing her
other breast, "First I would put her in our leather collar and leash to make it
clear she is my sex slave and I can make her do whatever I want."

"Mmhmm," Amy wordless replied, her body starting to respond to my hands and
words.

"Then I would tie her leash to the bedpost and make her get up on her knees and
fuck herself with a dildo while we all watch," I whispered in Amy's ear as my
hands finished pulling off her bra.  "Maybe I would even let you play with Paulo
while Sarah had to watch and play with herself."

"Hhhaa," Amy gasped as my fingers pinched her nipple.

"Then, her hands still on the dildo between her legs, she would have to suck
Paulo's and my dicks." I continued helplessly starting to thrust myself up
against Amy's tight ass.  "Sarah would have to bob her head up and down
switching between the two hard dicks in front of her face."

In response to the image Amy's body began to gyrate pushing her ass back against
my thrusts as I continued whispering my naughty plans into her ear.

"You would stand behind her and hold her head as Paulo and I came all over her
pretty face.  You would scrape the cum off her face and Sarah would have to suck
the cum off your fingers while she continued fucking herself with the dildo."

"Ohh," moaned Amy the idea of Sarah knelling subserviently while her boyfriend
and I came all over her bringing Amy to new heights of arousal.

"After that you are going to lay spread eagle on the floor and Sarah will get
down on her hands and knees to eat you out," I said as I moved my hand down
Amy's body to rub the smooth damp satin between her legs.  With Amy now writhing
against me I continued relating my plan for Sarah's fate, "While her face is
buried between your legs Sarah will keep her ass up in the air and her legs
spread.  I'm going to whip her with our short leather strap making her squirm
and moan while Paulo and I watch."

"Ohh god," gasped Amy though whether it was my hand sliding under her panties or
the idea of watching the tall milk white girl squirm in pain while she ate Amy
out I couldn't tell.

"Finally, I'm going to kneel down behind Sarah wrap my hands about her waist
look you in the eye and pull her back onto my dick.  After I fuck her doggie
style for awhile I would order Paulo to take my place and we would trade off
fucking her like that.  Your hands would be wrapped through Sarah's long blond
hair pulling her mouth down on her pussy while you watched her get fucked and
felt her twitch as we pulled her back hard onto our cocks."

Unable to take the slow teasing any longer Amy reached down and peeled off her
panties.  Pushing me down on to my back and wrapping her legs tightly around my
thigh Amy leaned in for a deep kiss.  Coming up for air Amy propped herself up
on one arm while she ran her other hand lightly over my chest.  nibbling lightly
on my ear she whispered, "You know you might not win and Paulo might win
instead."

"Uhh hu"

"You might have to sit quietly on a chair while Paulo played with me in front of
you.  I might have to stand their naked facing you while Paulo came up behind me
and groped me."

"Hhh," I breathed raggedly as Amy's fingers traced their way down over my
stomach.

"Paulo's hard dick would press up against my ass while his hands reached around
to knead my breasts," Amy continued her fingers slipping delicately under the
waist of my boxers.  "You would have to stare helplessly as his fingers began to
turn me on and I started pushing myself back against him."

"Ohh," I gasped as Amy's fingers brushed against my achingly hard dick.

"I wouldn't be able to stop myself from responding to him, turning my head
slightly to let him kiss my neck.  I would close my eyes and lean back against
him as he began gently nibbling at my ear.  You wouldn't be able to do anything
as you watched his hands inexorably slide down my body.  You would see me almost
helplessly spread my legs to invite his fingers between them."

"Ohh God," I said as Amy's finger's wrapped themselves tightly around my dick. 
Not able to wait any longer I slid my boxers down my legs and freeing the stiff
mast of my cock.

"While I'm standing their moaning, Paulo's finger's massaging my clit, he would
invite Sarah up.  She would lean in, pressing her naked body against mine, to
give me a deep kiss.  You would get to watch as Paulo's fingers in my pussy and
Sarah's mouth on my breasts brought me to the brink of orgasm."

"Mmm," I moaned as Amy's fingernail trailed up my hard member.

"Paulo would then whisper to Sarah and I and we would drop to our knees in front
of him. We would kiss and then both begin nibbling on his cock.  Sarah would
then take Paulo's head into her mouth and slowly slide down his hard shaft.  You
would watch me lick and suck Paulo's balls as Sarah bobbed up and down on his
cock."

"Ohh yes," I gasped as Amy's hand slide up and down my dick as I imagined
Sarah's mouth doing to Paulo's dick.

"Then I would feel Paulo's hands on the back of my head and I would know it was
my turn.  I would open my mouth and let him pull it down onto his hard cock. 
You could only watch helplessly as Paulo fucked my mouth forcing his dick deep
down my throat."

"Jesus yes," I exclaimed as Amy's warm mouth engulfed my penis.  Unable to
resist I grabbed her head in my hands so I could fuck her pretty face just as
she had described Paulo as doing.  I could feel myself building up to orgasm but
just then Amy pulled away replacing her lips with the tight grasp of her
fingers.

"Paulo would make me suck his dick dry and once I swallowed all his cum he would
order me to get Sarah off.  He would sit down next to you and watch us girls go
at it.  While you stare at us kissing with our breasts pushing up against each
other Paulo would comment on how hot he finds it to make me his little slut
while you watch.  Since you lost the game you couldn't do anything but listen as
Paulo speculated about what a good fuck I might be and how much fun it would be
to make me act like a little slut while he screwed me."

"Mmm," I moaned again as Amy's hand swirled up my dick.  The idea of just having
to watch as someone used my girlfriend turning me on more than I expected.

"It wouldn't be long before watching Sarah and I made Paulo's cock hard again. 
He would grin at you and lay down on the floor right in front of where you are
sitting.  Paulo would call out my name and knowing what he expected I would walk
over and kneel over his cock," Amy said throwing her leg over me so as to kneel
over me just as she described.

"Then," Amy continued looking directly into my eyes, "You would get to watch me
as I impaled myself on Paulo's rigid member."

"Ohh God yes," I gasped as Amy's warmth engulfed my cock.

"I would look you straight in the eye as I slowly fucked myself on Paulo's
cock," Amy said while sliding up and down on my cock.  "You would hear Paulo
moan and say, 'God your a good fuck Amy.  I love having a little slut ride my
dick.'"

Incredibly turned on by the idea of my girlfriend having to ride Paulo like a
little slut I grabbed Amy's waist using my hands, thrusting myself hard into her
as she bounced up and down fucking me.

Between gasps Amy continued, "Paulo would order you to come over and help him
make your girlfriend into a little slut.  You would have to stand right next to
me and and see me screwing your friend up close.  Paulo would tell me to suck
your cock and I would take your hard dick into my mouth.  I would have two dicks
stuffed in me, Paulo's deep in my pussy and yours in my mouth."

"God yes," I moaned helplessly turned on by the image Amy described.

"Turned on by seeing the girl riding his dick take another dick in her mouth
Paulo would moan out, 'Yah, fuck her mouth.'  Following his order you would grab
my head pulling it up and down your cock.  All the while watching me screw
myself on Paulo's member and seeing his hands grope my body.  Unable to help
yourself your would start to moan and gasp on the verge of orgasm."

"Fuck yes," I gasped on the verge of orgasm myself.

"Right before you came you would feel Sarah's cool arm wrap itself around your
waist and pull you back.  Your dick would slip out of my mouth and Sarah's other
hand would snake around to stroke your wet cock.  Pulling you back against her
body Sarah would deftly manipulate you to orgasm.  Your hot cum would shoot all
over my face dripping down over my breasts."

"Jesus, I'm about to cum," I said now slamming myself up into Amy as she pushed
herself down.

Barely forcing it our between gasps Amy finished, "Paulo would scream out, 'I'm
going to cum in her,' and his dick would twitch in my pussy filling me with his
hot wet seed."

"Christ yes," I yelled out pulling Amy down hard atop me as she gasped in
orgasm.  My own cock shooting out its load just as Amy described.

Amy collapsed across my chest, exhausted and satisfied.  Wrapping my arms about
her we both made quiet murmurs of contentment.  Finally working up the energy I
asked, "So should we try and play strip poker with them?"

"Ohh definitely," Amy replied a satisfied and slightly mischievous smile
appearing on her face.

---------------

To be Continued.  Wait for Dorm Poker part II

Quale logicnazi@gmail.com

If you have comments, suggestions or would like to illustrate/render one of my
stories don't hesitate to email me.  Women in the bay area looking for a smart
25 year old grad student who likes to tell erotic stories should email as well
;-)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Quale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





