BDSM Library - Jennifer's Postal Predicament




Jennifer's Postal Predicament
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Teen girlfriend sets up an erotic, inescapable self-bondage scene at home alone after school, as treat for boyfriend, who she expects to arrive soon. Naturally, things go awry.
Jennifer's Postal Predicament       Part 1 of ?
F-solo, MF/f, mf/F, F/f, M/f, nc, humil, teen, toys, furniture, farce

All that legal guff about how you might be an innocent child, or living under a
censorious government, puritanical legal system, your mother wouldn't approve,
you should not be here, you really must stop now, etc. Sigh... What a fucked up
world. Anyway, what follows is an explicit, graphic, extreme sexual fantasy. You
have been warned. Leave now if not already corrupted.

This story was written by SensoryOverlord, and is Copyright 2001. You may copy
and read for free. Reproduction of this work for profit is not OK.


 The Story

You open the cover, and begin to read, hoping the hot bits start right away.
Instead, there is a small weatherboard cottage, set in an enclosing circle of
thick shrubbery and trees, in late afternoon suburban summer sunshine. To the
right, a winding path leads up via worn sandstone steps through the bushes to a
street higher on the hillside. It is not far, yet from up there on the street,
at the gate and letter box, the house is hidden. There is only the stepped path,
leading down, twisting among bushes. There are neighbouring houses, but they too
are hidden, separated by depths of trees and overgrown weedy greenery from each
other and the street.

It is a very old cottage. Built cheaply once, and rarely maintained, it has
reached a sort of agreement with dilapidation, in which the owners do just
enough to keep it rentable, to tenants of limited means. For all that, the
peeling paint and broken-wired clothes hoist around the side, it still seems a
happy, cheerful little home. There are bright curtains in the windows, and
healthy pot plants on the flaking concrete porch. Music can be heard from
inside; an early Elton John album. In the year of our story, this is the sort of
music teenagers would be listening to. There is a peal of delightful girlish
laughter, then only music again. Otherwise, the house reveals little, since
whoever is inside has chosen to close the front door (actually, the only door),
and draw all the curtains on this fine, sunny and warm afternoon. Old it may be,
but this little house still has its secrets. It sits there, sunshine on its
peeling white paint, providing its occupants with what they desire most -
privacy. An isolated, intimate solitude, to enjoy each other's company and other
pleasures, for some hours each day. To be free of all other cares and control.
Discovering the physical joys, along with the fascination and difficulties of
haltingly adult relationships.

Reading, you are getting impatient with such abstract stuff, and wondering
whether its maybe time to skip to some other _real_ porn text file. The author
takes pity on you, and switches the view to inside this cottage.

The couple are young teens, boy and girl. Naked on a rumpled bed, they are idly
chatting, listening to the music, clearly post-intercourse. She is lying
lengthways on her side, facing out into the room. He is sitting cross legged
behind her, back against the wall, stroking fingertips along the intoxicating
curves of her thigh, hip and waist. Half as a pleasure for her, half in simple
awed amazement at her beauty, and his joy in having this time with her. They
talk of nothing much, and often lapse into the silence of friends who have spent
much time together already. Merely enjoying the touching, and the music. Soon it
will be time to get up, and dress, and tidy away the signs of their lovemaking,
before the girl's mother arrives home. Two hours, between school end, and
parental presence - that is their oasis, their refuge and playground, those days
they can be together then.

Her name is Jennifer, and she had turned 16 only this year, only a few months
ago. Her boyfriend, Greg, is a few months ahead of her into his 17th year. She
is beautiful, tall, with a fully developed woman's figure and the face of an as
yet undiscovered movie heroine. When she is sure of herself, it is a strong
face, and she has a vein of strength in her character to match, when
circumstances are right. Yet her 16 years and family misfortune have made her
often hesitant and shy. Her father was never the same after the war, and took to
drink for his shell-shattered nerves. Growing up in a struggling family, the
youngest of three, her two brothers rarely home, her mother trying her best to
make ends meet on her meagre typist's income and father's pension, Jennifer had
survived a less than ideal childhood. In the last few years, her father's binges
had worsened, till her mother had given up on him. With the brothers long since
left, she and Jennifer had a few months ago leased this small home on their own.

This had made life for Jennifer and Greg much more interesting, since now they
had a secluded oasis, guaranteed to be their alone for at least two hours a day,
every weekday. They had been lovers before, but only in those random times that
can be stolen away from the demands of life, family and school. Long evening
drives in a parent's borrowed car, or day trips to secluded bush campsites. But
since the move, they had got down to some serious exploration of the sexual
adventure land.

Neither was previously experienced - either in sex, or the ways in which two
novice adult minds can interact. They made many mistakes, and suffered more than
a few foolish inconsequential fallings out, and in again. Learning haltingly,
too slowly, that the ways we see others act are not necessarily the ways we
should act. That there are choices unspoken of, and paths both simple and deep
that can be taken, regardless of past events. That some things said to be
important, are not, and other things commonly dismissed, are worth attention.

--------------------------------------------------------------

One thing that has been slowly dawning on him, is that Jennifer seems to rather
like being _made_ to do things. Sexual things, particularly. It seems strange to
him at first, a difficult idea to get to grips with, since he is by nature a
rather free-willed individual, and hates being ordered to do things of any sort,
by anyone. Which doesn't make his school life very enjoyable. Till he starts to
comprehend this streak in her personality, he had never seriously considered
such an idea: that of making an enjoyable game out of plays with dominance and
submission. But it grows on him, and ideas begin to occur to him. He does tend
to have an inventive mind, once he turns it to a particular problem. One time
she mentions to him that she loves it when he finds her in a bad mood,
disinterested in sex, and then forces her to submit to a finger fucking, until
she is panting with desire, eager for anything.

He has always had something of a fascination with the act of inserting objects
in her cunt - mostly with the effect it has on her to work some improbable but
phallic object deep and long in her sex, churning it around in her till she
moans with pleasure, her hands pressing flat on her belly, her loving the feel
of the thing so deep up her, pressing at her fingers from inside her own body.
With her thighs taut and wide, her mons thrusting up, urging the intruder
deeper, she groans "Ohhhhh yessss... stir me up... stir meeee... yess......" As
well as the visual pleasure this brings him, and the thrill of kinky erotica, it
seems to him that the very fact that he can always make her submit to this, is
perhaps the most exciting element of all. She will _always_ let him do as he
wishes with her, all it takes even at the most unlikely times, is a few minutes
of sinking his fingers in her. And she knows this, and never refuses that
initial act.

A few times lately, he has begun to experiment with placing objects fully inside
her cunt, and having her leave them in there for varying intervals. He has not
yet dared to try making her do this during her school day, or overnight while
she is home with her mum, but the idea is lurking there. He just isn't yet quite
comfortable with this idea that she really will do most anything he says.

Just once they have tried having her wrists tied to the bed head, which made for
an interesting session of fucking and vagina stirring with candles and so on.
They had only just discovered the word 'bondage', and great variety of
interesting things possible with ropes - in a couple of porn magazines he had
found. So far they hadn't tried any of those things; sort of at the 'sniffing at
the glass and looking thoughtful' stage. But its clear to both of them that its
she who would be bound, not he, and that just the idea alone makes her instantly
wet.

There is a more immediate issue to be pursued. An idea he'd had, and was
exploring. For the last few days, he has been adding frustration to their games
- refusing to bring her to orgasm, or allow her to achieve it herself. Not until
she will do as he requests with the bedposts.

Her bed has phallic corner posts - belly high, round turned wood, large egg
sized and shaped top knob. He has asked her to tip-toe over one, and lower her
sex onto it, seeing how far she can bear to insert it, and to try and make
herself cum on it. She is reluctant - it seems so big, and she is a little
afraid of somehow slipping, and injuring herself. But mostly just embarrassed to
have him stand by, watching her does such a kinky thing. There is also a worry
at the back of her mind - what if she really likes it - would she be able to
resist the temptation to do it often? Too often?

Yesterday, her several-days-denied need for orgasm, and his coaxing, had
overcome her resistance late in the afternoon. That day he had not undressed,
but had remained fully clothed as he at first cuddled her, then teased her into
another arousal, then undressed her. They had sat most of the afternoon, she
naked in his lap, talking, as he now and then toyed with her sex, keeping her
wanting more as he returned the conversation at times to his idea for her on the
post. She had been surprised to find herself enjoying the situation - it always
made her feel a kind of warm satisfaction, a kind of 'owned' feeling, when she
sat naked on his knee, his fingers possessing her vagina, driving the excitement
of her body and mind with a power she could not control, nor did she wish to.
Somehow, this new twist, that he was using this power over her to persuade...
no, to coerce, her to do an act at once frightening and exciting, even
perverted... somehow that added a sharp tang of kinky excitement to the
experience. She thought she should be angry with him, for trying to manipulate
her, but somehow.... all she could think of was how his fingers felt, and how
much she wanted more.

Finally, with not much time remaining to them that day, and excited to
distraction, she had agreed. She had stood herself on tiptoe over the post, its
tip pressing against her already moist slit. Hesitating, she had glanced at him,
standing some feet away, his gaze intent and commanding. She'd felt the heat in
her sex burning, eager for the feel of that firm pressure deeper inside, and
eager to please him. Yet as she lowered herself slightly, and the fat hard knob
slipped suddenly inside her, only a little but so forceful and large, stretching
her... In a hot flash she felt almost overwhelmed by a sense of nasty erotic
abandon; a wildness that made her want to drive herself onto the post violently,
even to hurt herself... to cum and cum... and the thoughts made her suddenly
afraid, afraid of losing control, of injuring herself on the solid, unmoving
pole. Yet she burned with desire, for him, for relief from the last week's
frustrations, for his reassurance and touch. She'd pulled off, abandoning the
attempt and falling wordless into his arms. Hoping he would lay her down and
fuck her into heaven.

Instead he'd simply held her in a hug for long moments, him dressed, her naked,
then let her go. He was annoyed with her; that she made such a half-hearted
attempt, then quit without getting more than an inch of the bed post inside. He
had been expecting the erotic visual treat of seeing his beautiful girlfriend
standing, deeply transfixed on the post, its thick wooden girth splaying her
sex. He'd planned to masturbate her there to orgasm, teasing her immobile clit
as he kneeled in front of her, admiring the sight of her emposted cunt. He
wasn't interested in any other outcome. Soon after that he'd left, being a
little cold to her, in the peevish incommunicative way of teenagers. Leaving her
heated and unsatisfied, yet with not enough time to relieve herself before her
mother arrived home.

This evening she'd been plagued with erotic thoughts involving the bedposts and
her pussy. It had felt so incredibly assertive - that thick, immovable shaft, so
tall she'd been on very tips of her toes to even slide her sex onto its end. 
She can't stop wondering what it must feel like, if deeply sunk into her guts,
her feet flat on the floor... or even (she shudders) spread wide apart to force
it in as far as she could bear. She imagines what she would look like, her hips
shuddering and humping on the immovable post, maybe forcing her to orgasm after
orgasm! Maybe... though so far she has never had a vaginal orgasm, no matter how
hard Greg tried, even with a vibrator. She is definitely a clitoris girl, so far
- and Greg is getting rather good at playing tunes on her body through that
little instrument.

This recent tactic of his to use that pleasure to coerce her, to have her do as
he wishes, it was surprising her with her own reactions to it. She'd grown long
accustomed to his skill at bringing her to orgasm, and come to expect at least
one or two every time they made love. Sometimes, especially in the last month,
he seemed to dedicate their afternoon to experiments in how many times he could
bring her to shuddering climax. Then a week ago, that had changed. As usual, he
had teased he to a near frenzy, but then left her hanging. She'd assumed it was
just a temporary tease, but as the afternoon wore on, and he repeated the
process several times, she sensed something was different. He had made no
comment, just smiled when she begged for the final release. It had gotten closer
to the time of her mother's arrival, and still she was horny. With only minutes
to go, he'd had her dress, then _still_ caressed her through her jeans and
blouse, right until her mother's key turned in the lock. With her a little
red-faced and out of breath, he'd chatted to her mum for a few minutes, then
left, saying it was time to be home for tea. Even then, she'd assumed it was
just a little game he'd chosen to play. The next day, for sure he'd make it up.

But he didn't. He came round, beating her there in fact. Then repeated almost
exactly her previous torment. She'd been very angry with him in the last few
minutes before he left, and her mother had assumed they'd had a row. That night
she kept waking, her sex swollen and wet, from swollen, wet dreams. She cursed
her bedroom's lack of privacy from her mother.

The next day she asked him what he thought he was doing, and would he please
stop it. He'd smiled, and explained that it was an experiment, and no, he
wouldn't. Said he was planning to do just the same for while, and see just how
horny she would get. Maybe see what she would do for sex, once she really,
really needed it. She'd gotten angry with him again, said some unkind things.
He'd just calmly grabbed her, stripped off her clothes despite her quite strong
resistance, and held her still, his fingers working the familiar magic in her
cunt, his lips around her nipple. It amazed her, how the heat rose up through
her from her sex, and evaporated the anger. That feeling, of being owned, in his
power, it grew so strong that time, in the realisation that he could _make_ her
want it, make her want him, even against her will. He had stayed for dinner that
night, her still throbbing with the need, but somehow no longer angry with him
for that. Perhaps it would be... interesting, to see how horny she would get.
She still awoke from sweaty dreams that night, but it seemed easier to go back
to sleep, despite the throbbing in her hungry sex.

The next morning she woke to find, surprised at herself, that her fingers had
found their way under her belly and into her nightie, and must have been playing
at her slit, to judge from its engorged and sopping state. But there are only
light bedclothes over her, and her mother is bustling about and has already
opened the doors to her room. She has no choice but to rise and begin her
preparations for school. Even in the shower she has no privacy - the bathroom
door has no lock, and her mother is in the habit of walking in and out,
regardless. She gets dropped off by mum at school, still aching in her sex. Its
kind of cool, she thinks, the way he's making her so horny. Lucky her teachers
don't know about the state of her knickers.

That afternoon when Greg again is there before her, she tries again to angrily
confront him, saying its cruel and heartless of him to treat her this way. But
this time he does not even try to physically overpower her. He just stands back
from her, and calmly tells her that if she wants to talk about this, she must
first strip. Somehow, she cannot continue the act of anger, and complies
sulkily, thinking that perhaps when she points out how puffy and red her
genitals are, and how embarrassing its been to walk around all day at school
with a soaking wet stripe down the middle of her panties, perhaps he will
relent.

He notices all right, but he doesn't relent. Far from it - he seems greatly
pleased to see definite evidence that his little experiment is bearing fruit. He
has her stand in the middle of the room, legs wide apart, as he walks  around
her, closely admiring her straight-from-school state of arousal. He hugs her
from behind, running his hands over her, kissing her neck, then kneels in front
and fingers her hungry slit carefully, slowly. Loosening her will in that
familiar way, then using her need as a goad, he has her describe her feelings
and experiences of the last few days. He tells her this is working out far
better than he hoped, and he loves her even more, to see her in this state of
sexual heat, to know that she will allow him this power over her. Somehow, as he
moulds her heat in waves, rising and falling but never breaking, and they talk,
she finds herself agreeing that she likes this, likes knowing she is horny for
him, by his will. That she will bear the frustration, so they may both explore
the intensities of desire of which her body is capable.

She finds herself kneeling, him sitting on the bed edge, her mouth working on
his rigid cock, his hands holding her wrists, and her knees wide apart on the
carpet, the fire blazing in her vacant cunt. He jets into her throat, groaning
and she groans too, of the longing for release in her belly, but also of the
pleasure in being his. Later, he has her lie back on the bed, as he licks and
fondles her breasts, teasing her nipples to aching rigidity. He has her repeat
again and again, that she will not attempt to masturbate. Gives her hints that
there will be 'tasks' he wishes her to perform, and that this will be part of
the experiment. She asks what sort of tasks, but he won't say. He wants her to
agree that she will do whatever he says, and trust his judgement. She is not so
sure, but he teases her to unsatisfied crest after crest, until she agrees that
yes, she will do whatever he says.

Later, with her mother home again, and Greg gone, and her body still in a state
of throbbing excitement, she recalls saying that. Rationally, she knows that
might not have been a wise thing to agree to. But it does give her a strange
shivery thrill to think of it. Doesn't help quiet the twitchy tension in her
belly one bit, or soften the aching hard nipples under the stiff bra she has
worn to hide them from her mother. Bed is again a series of hot dreams
interrupted by waking, aching and wet, forcing her hands far away from her sex,
and falling fitfully back to sleep.

The next day starts much the same, her horniness unabated by the time she gets
to school. Except this time, rather than slipping from her mind in classes, it
seems to gnaw at her most of the day. It is sometimes hard to avoid fidgeting in
class, and she notices that when she gets up from the hard school chairs there
is a patch of dampness on the lacquer. No one else notices though, thankfully.
That afternoon, she throws off her dress as soon as they are inside, and poses,
pointing out how very hard her nipples are, how soaked her panties, how swollen
and red her sex, and how very juicy. He checks, sliding a pair of fingers in
without resistance, smiles, tells her she is fantastic. Going into the bedroom,
he mentions that one thing he'd like her to do for him, is to stand with a
bedpost of her bed deep in her cunt. Says it casually, as if it should be a
trifle, an easy thing to do. Somewhat stunned, she goes to the bed and stands
next to a post. It comes nearly up to her belly button! And its so thick! He
can't be serious!

Apparently, he was. Even offering to end the 'exploration of horniness'
experiment and let her cum if she would do it.

That day she'd flat out refused to consider it, even as he brought her to
several agonisingly-close-but-not-quite-an-orgasm peaks. Her dreams that night
had featured huge objects ripping into her tender sex, but had still had her
waking out of breath and aching. At school, she kept thinking of those bedposts.
They weren't really that thick, when you thought about it. maybe it would fit.
And she could stay up on her toes. But the idea was still scary, though she
could kind of see why he would think it would look sexy. In English class, she
had a sudden image of her young and pretty teacher Miss Hibson standing naked
and impaled on such a post at the front of the class, and could barely control
herself from giggling in the middle of lesson. Yes, she could definitely
understand the appeal.

So today she had tried the post trick for him, and chickened out while barely
begun. He'd left, clearly annoyed with her, and here she was, still without
relief after nearly a week of his skill fully teasing frustration. The memory of
how the post had felt, its thick immovability, is still vivid in her mind. She
can still almost feel it in herself. Even pressed only a little into her body,
it was so intense, with such an erotic promise. She wishes she had not pulled
off it, in fright at the power of it.

Lying in bed, trying to get to sleep, she goes back over the last week. She
thinks she should be angry with him, but somehow something in her seems to enjoy
this game. She suspects she will be doing quite a few things that would never
have occurred to her otherwise - he is very inventive. Certainly, she has
admitted to herself that tomorrow will definitely see her doing exactly as he
wishes with the bedpost. He won't even have to ask. With a nasty, wicked
shudder, she thinks that if Greg tied her legs wide apart to something, she
wouldn't be able to lift her cunt off the post! She'd be trapped, pinned like a
cum-bug on the wooden bedpost, her struggles serving only to stir the fucking
shaft around in her stuffed cunt.

It drives her crazy that now her mother is home, she cannot try it right away.
Nor in the morning. She can't even masturbate, since the door connecting her
room and her mother's bedroom (a converted sunroom) is glass panelled and has no
lock. Lately she has been developing a habit of crying out as she comes, no
matter how hard she tries to keep quiet. She won't get another chance till
tomorrow afternoon. She resolves to do it again then, with lubrication, and put
on a show for Greg. God! What if he tied her hands behind her back on there?
With her sex effectively immobilised... Last time he gave her head, it was with
her hands tied, and it had been unbelievable! What would head feel like, with
her cunt impaled on her bedpost? Hmmmmm it makes her very horny thinking about
Greg giving her head - the way he teases her to the edge many times, then draws
back, building her urgency. Then finally flicking her into a mindless orbit of
ecstasy, taking her around and around, time after glorious time.

She can't wait - its such a treat! Maybe she really ought to let him come in her
arse like he keeps wanting too - it can't be too awful. That would be a treat
for him.  Or .... hmmm... She has a thought. A treat for Greg: herself, already
fully down on the post, and... and unable to get off it! Yes! She could do that,
he'd _love_ it. He'd walk in (he has a key) and find her like that... naked,
fuck-crazy already, humping on the shaft. She can imagine the look on his face -
like 'WOW Jen! Thats soooo hot!' And what would he do then? She doesn't know,
but he's tended to be pretty imaginative at times. Something equally kinky,
perhaps. Probably starting with tying her hands behind her again... yeah, that
would really... ohhhh it makes her aching hot to think of it. Perhaps she should
even do that herself... could she? Some kind of slip knot?

In the morning she wakes up horny as a toad, but the same old story- her privacy
is almost non-existent in this small, old rented house, and the schedule to get
ready for her mum to drop her off at school allows for no lying around in bed
anyway. She does make a quick phone call to Greg, checking that he'll definitely
be around straight after school that day. He still seems a little short with
her, but says yes, he'll be round as usual, but perhaps a little later, due to
having to do some house chores. She asks her mum if its OK for Greg to have
dinner at their place tonight; it is. So that's arranged too, for 7pm.

School that day is a torment of aching pussy and flitting erotic thoughts. If
her teachers knew what is occupying her... She is planning how to tie herself so
she is stuck on her bedpost. Recently Greg and she had been reading a few smut
magazines, on bondage and stuff, and she can remember some of the knots. It
won't be easy, but she thinks she can do it. She makes an inventory in her head.
They have some lengths of soft cotton rope, and a pair of handcuffs, stashed
among the junk under her bed. An old broom in her closet, that never gets used.
Hand cream. Some gear from Greg's rock climbing rack, that he just happened to
leave at her place after their last day away bouldering. And, yeah, a note.
Maybe, taped to her.... um breast would look hot. Saying something like 'Darling
Greg, my sweetie, I'm all yours to play with. Have fun. Love, Jennifer.' Which
reminds her... the other thing he'd wanted to try too, which might be pretty
nice, if the wonderful feelings of a fingertip working into her rear as he
lap-fucked her were anything to judge by. It might be a good idea to prepare for
that too.

After school she gets the bus home, sex on fire in anticipation. Runs down the
steep winding little path to her house, and lets herself in, slamming the door
behind her, and practically tearing her uniform off. She is naked in 3 seconds
flat, tosses on her dressing gown, and fills an old shampoo bottle with warm
water in the bathroom. Then a dash out to the outside toilet around the side of
the house, and the novel feeling of squeezing warm water up into her rear,
cleaning that out. After she is finished, and back inside the house, she dashes
through a crash shower and pretty-up. God she looks great! Her figure is
perfect- all the feminine curves and padding, without an ounce of overweight.
Breasts full and rated teen-16-perfecto, with large, hard nipple icing on top.
Its hard to resist the burning heat in her cunt, but she manages. Maybe the hand
cream won't be needed, if she's as wet inside as she feels. She gets the
materials for today's little adventure, dumps them on her bed, and starts tying
knots.

First, she firmly fixes one rope segment to the handle end of the broomstick,
winding it around several times and tying it off tight. The free ends she wraps
around her left ankle several times, firmly but comfortably, then ties. Now the
broomstick is fastened to her ankle, over the top of her foot, making it awkward
to move around. But then, she doesn't have to. Sitting on the bed edge, she ties
another, longer rope length around her right ankle, leaving one end with about
five meters free. The end of this next gets tied to the connecting chain of the
handcuffs, so that she will be able to pull on it with her hands locked behind
her back. Most of this free rope is left lying loosely on the floor. Next, the
brush end of the broom gets a short length of rope tied to it,  and that ties
the rock climber's belaying cam firmly to the end of the broom. This is a
palm-sized U-channel of metal, with a sprung toothed cam. Its purpose is to let
a rope be pulled easily through in one direction, but to lock firmly against any
movement of the rope in the other direction. The rope can only be released with
a complicated safety interlock action, that requires several fingers at once to
accomplish. Designed to ensure the rope can never, ever come out or slip back
accidentally. As a test, she opens the cam, and slips in the loose ankle rope.
Standing, she pulls up on this rope, pulling it through the cam. Sure enough,
her right ankle is pulled outwards towards the broom brush. She shifts her
weight, letting her legs spread wide apart, ankles splayed right to the opposite
ends of the broomstick. She tries to bring her legs back together - nope! The
cam holds the rope solidly; her legs are tied apart, and only releasing the cam
or untying knots will save her pussy from enforced exposure. In fact, just this
tie gives her a wicked thrill, and as she stretches to release the cam and pull
enough rope back through it to sit, knees together again, she finds that if she
was a little less flexible, just this simple leg stretch would be hard to get
out of.

Then she ties a second cam to the center of the broomstick. And another longish
length of rope to the very foot of the bedpost, at a narrowing just above the
bottom end. The loose end of this rope also gets tied loosely to the handcuff's
connecting chain, while its middle is clipped into the mid-broomstick cam. When
this rope is pulled tight, it will lock the middle of the broomstick to the base
of the bedpost.

So there is not much more to do now. The note - feeling extra daring now she has
gone this far, she writes:

   Darling Greg, my super-stud lover,
   I'm all yours to play with. Have fun with your naughty,
   masturbating girl-toy. I do it every day you don't come
   round, but wishing you were inside me, so you should keep
   on coming round every day! Its so much better having you
   make me cum, over and over. Even when you tease me,
   cum-starve me, I love it! It makes me feel so..... yours!
   Today its been five days without, and I'm _dying_ for it!
   Yes, I will do anything you want - anything.
   Please make me cum?

She signs it 'Love, your ever-lustin Jenny' and sticks it to her breast with
masking tape. Then she squeezes a generous goop of hand cream into her palm, and
carefully spreads it over the phallic shape of the bed post. Another, for a
shakingly slow, single wipe down into her crotch, and up the cleft of her rear.
She dares not linger at this, lest she be sidetracked.

Till Greg had suggested the idea, she had honestly never considered the posts in
_that_ way. It was just her bed, that she'd had for most of her life. But now,
running her cream-slicked fingers over the smooth-turned features of the  post,
she thinks that some bed designer had a dirty mind. The post could not be better
designed for sex, if it.. well, if it was designed for it. At the top is a
pointy topped ball-egg shape. Rounded, pointy tip, thickening in an organic
curve to a worryingly (to her) fat 2.5" width, about 3" down.  Then a sudden
narrowing, definitely reminiscent of the back end of an erect penis glans.
Following that, a good foot of the post is turned in a series of smooth ridges,
quite close spaced. She can only guess what that will feel like, once her sex
makes their acquaintance. The rest of the post is plain, becoming square
sectioned only as it joins the bed frame.

Damm, if she doesn't tie her hands soon, she'll probably get permanently side
tracked, she thinks. Her cunt and clit are screaming for action. Besides, Greg
will be here any moment, its nearly 4.30, she sees. Lucky there's no need to do
all that complicated stuff with blocks of ice and keys, like in the magazines.
So she just grabs the handcuffs, and quickly locks them on her wrists, behind
her back. She can reach the ropes to the two cams on the broomstick, and that is
all thats needed now.

Standing, she faces the open door of her room, kicks the hanging ropes and
dragging broomstick into position, and on tip toes, positions her sex over the
slippery tip of the wooden post. Ahhhh, even on her toes, it presses firmly
against her... and this time, letting herself press down on its well lubed bulk
is a very special feeling. The rounded point slides thickly in between her
pouting labia, spreading her inner flesh onto its reaming diameter.
Hmmmmmmmm.... nice! A bit more, and she can feel the full thickness of the
eggish head straining into her cunt entrance.... ohhhh thats mmmmmmmmmm.... She
finds herself propping up on her toes again, and letting down, just to savour
that wonderful feeling of the thick object pressing into her opening. But the
time.... any moment now, Greg might arrive, and she is not yet 'packaged'.
Better just dive in.... so she grits her teeth, and deliberately grinds herself
down hard onto the post, feeling the fat ovoid pop past her opening, and slickly
slide into her hot depths. She cannot help a soft 'Unnnghhhhhhh' as she exhales,
feeling for the first time the ridges on the post slipping into her sex, popping
in rapid series past her tightest point, and caressing her sensitive insides.
Feet flat on the floor now, but legs still together, she moans "Oh God, that is
really fucking big, ohhhhh hhooo hoo oh wowwww.... Oh this is going to be
something fucking else..."

She rests a moment, accustoming to the new bulk inside her, the way it is so
solid there, moving not the slightest as her hips rock slightly around on its
impalement. Its soooooo good.. But she can take more... and she could still
escape from this wooden spear if she wanted to, which kind of spoils the scene.
So, slowly, carefully, she works her feet outwards, increasing the gap between
them, and thus lowering her sex gradually onto deeper intrusion by the bedpost.
HHHhhhhhhmmmm..... Ohhhhhhhh Hmmmmmmm... It just seems to get better, so far.
She can feel it really, really getting deep into her belly. Ohhhhh wowwwww so
deep, huuuuuuuu weeeeee! She gives in to the temptation to let her hips gyrate
in a sexual grind, and finds that its actually impossible- the shaft deep in her
sex pins her whole pelvis more or less in one position. All she achieves is a
sensation of stirring pressure rotating around in her cunt, but not much actual
hip movement. Ahhhhhh... a little more.... feet wider.... now there is a twinge
of discomfort; her cunt is being stretched up inside her further than it likes
to be. And other things inside are being poked and displaced almost painfully as
well. Is that far enough? She tries an experimental up and down fuck-bounce -
only a little one, and the sensations are so intense she squeels in surprise
"Oooooeeeeeiiii! Ohhhhhh hhuuuu..." 'Oh yeah! That is just so intense!' she
thinks as she repeats the action several times, but a bit more cautiously.
'Ohhhh fuuuuck! this is sooooooo fucking right up there!'

For a few moments she loses herself in this deep river of intense erotic
sensation, then snaps out of it, thinking of the time again. She does so want to
impress Greg with her clever rope trick. Fumbling behind her with cuffed hands,
she grips the ankle rope, and pulls it up. There is quite a bit of slack, which
she has to work through her fingers, but soon she can feel the rope from her
ankle to the broomstick cam go tight. The moment of truth. Her legs are not
split anywhere near as wide as she can go, so her hip joints are comfortable.
Yet the post is deep, deep inside her, and as she tries a tentative bend at the
waist to see how close she can get her hands to either ankle or broomstick, she
grunts at the jab of discomfort inside her belly. No, bending at the waist is
out, when there is a solid oject up though the middle of your waist. Or it feels
like it anyway. Experimentally, she tries to lift up on her toes in this
spread-legged position. She can lift up perhaps 4". Leaving what feels like
another 5" of the post still rammed rigidly up her twat.

She then tries shifting her feet sideways, trying to get one leg vertically
under her. Apart from the broomstick forcing her other foot way out wide and up
in the air, and the balancing act required, it looks like at this point it would
still be possible to escape the pole. So she centres her feet again, and pulls
on the other rope. She feels no change, but looking down she can see that the
centre of the broomstick is now locked tight to the base of the bedpost. She
tries the side-shuffle thing again, and it is just not possible. 'Yep, this is
permanent. Even if she changed her mind now, this is how Greg will be finding
her.'

It gives her a sudden heady flush of hot excitement, realising that she has
actually done it - tied herself up in this slutty position, to give her
boyfriend a treat. She sure must trust him, why, he could do just about anything
he liked to her, fixed like this. Except fuck her of course, unless he takes her
off this bedpost first. 'Oh God', she thinks, 'imagine if someone _else_ found
me like this!' For a moment more, she idly imagines some stranger finding her
now, then a thought pops up. 'Ah. Did I lock the front door?' In fact, now she
thinks about how she was in such a rush, it seems she may not have. She is
facing her open bedroom door, not six feet from it. Beyond, the small combined
dining and kitchen room of this little house. Which the front door opens into.
Someone coming in the front door need only walk about three paces before they
will see her, framed front-on in her doorway. She cannot even turn around, since
she is straddling the corner of her bed. She leans forward a little and looks
down at her crotch. Yep, there it is - a large wooden post disappearing into her
cunt, her spread legs and sparse blond bush doing nothing to hide the details of
distended, engorged labia parted wetly around that thick rod. Parted widely
enough to reveal her excited clit, poking erectly from under its hood, just
begging to be messed with. Considering the note, still dangling from her tit,
the picture would seem pretty clear to anyone, not just Greg, she supposes.
Something like 'freaky slut here, go for it', most likely.

For some reason, this train of thought seems to overwhelm her ability to 
control her movements, and her hips start a serious pole-fucking rhythm. Through
the deliriously over the top sensations this produces, she realises another
mistake she has made. She should not have spread quite so far, into the boundary
of penetration pain - for it leaves her little room to thrust, to work the shaft
in her needy sex. Without the difficult exertion of going to tiptoe on her
spread feet, she can only manage about an inch of pistoning fun - and even then
she keeps getting jabs of pain at the down thrust. What with the inadequate
amount of cunt stroking, and the flashes of pain every time her body's need
overcomes her conscious control and goes down a bit too far, and her poor
deserted clit standing forlornly out of reach of her hands, and not even
squeezable between her labia, she realises that she may have set herself up for
some heavy duty frustration, rather than any possibility of the elusive
Vaginal-Orgasm. Still, hopefully Greg will fix that. Lucky he's due any moment!

At this very thought, the telephone rings. She can even see it, on a side table
in the dining room, just outside her door. It has a long cable, and she often
brings it into her room, to lie on her bed and chatter away to her friends. But
the long cord does her no good now. Still hunching her inch of freedom on the
pole, she listens to it ring, once, twice, three times, then the answering
machine picks up. Her own voice cheerfully announces "Hello, we're busy right
now, please just, you know, like leave a message!...... beeep." Then its Greg's
voice, sounding a bit sheepish "Uh, hi Jennifer, are you there? Pick up, its
me!...... Well, uh, I know I said I'd be round early, but sorry, my mum wants me
to do some chores that, I uh, didn't get around to last weekend. So... sorry.
I'll be over by seven for dinner though. Want to go see a movie after? Love you!
You be good now! Bye. click."

For several moments, she stands there, half-preoccupied with the powerful
sensations in her sex, as she twists on the pole. Part of her mind is also still
fantasising about some stranger walking in through the unlocked front door, and
taking advantage of her complete helplessness. Only gradually does she refocus
on Greg's message. Her first thought is 'Well, isn't that just like him! I go to
all this trouble, and he doesn't show up. Typical! Men!' Then 'I'll have a thing
or two to say to him when he gets here! Leaving me stuck here like this! He's
always complaining about _me_ being late. Hah!' She spends a few more moments
bending forward a little, looking down at her sex as it hunches up and down on
the post. Thinking 'Man, what you are  missing. This sure does look hot and
kinky, if I say so myself. I think I'm going to have to do this more often. But
with a bit more slack!'

She is drifting off into thoughts about what she should get ready for their
dinner, when her mind's curtain of denial rips down the middle, sending her
thoughts reeling. She cries out aloud "Ahhhhh nooooo! Ohhhhhh FUCK Oh shit! I'm
STUCK here, and MUM is going to come home at six. And thats an hour and a half
away! OHHHH Boy! Ohhhhh fuck, this is not good. And the front door is unlocked,
but thats the least of my worries. What is _Mum_ going to do when she sees
_this_? Oh oh.... Oh Greg you shit... Ohhhhhhhhhh... I'm dead. I'm like TOTALLY
dead. 'Oh hi Mum, how was your day? No, nothing special at school, and you know,
I'm just standing here, like, fucking my bed. What would you like for dinner,
mum? No thats all right Mum, its nothing, just, if you could spare a moment,
unclip that cam there, yeah, at my ankle there. No, no, its quite all right, I'd
do the rest, thanks Mum, you're a dear. Just a minute while I put some clothes
on, Mum.' Oh heep deep doo doo Jen! You have just _got_ to get out of this
before six, or its the end of life as we know it."

In a state of horrified panic, she stares down at her ingenious creation of
ropes, desperately looking for a flaw, a mistake, a weakness in her brilliant
plan. She twists and shakes on the pole, struggling to pull her feet against
their ties to the wooden broomstick handle. But nothing gives way, no knots
miraculously work loose. All that happens is that her cunt gets bruisingly
joggled on the firmness of the bedpost, and she accidentally drops low enough to
cause her insides some painfully deep probing. And as if this predicament is not
enough on its own, for some perverse reason the situation seems to act like
petrol tossed on the fires in her sex. She is really burning up now, her clit
aching in serious need.

After some minutes of almost unthinking desperate struggling, she pauses,
panting, her mind still franticly insisting there must be _some_ way to get
free, but thinking that perhaps she just needs to try and hold still and think
carefully about the problem. Except that her sexual heat keeps getting in the
way. She can barely hold her hips still, the need for orgasm is so strong. She
tries to bring her cuffed hands far enough round to her front to reach even one
finger down to her clit, but that is not possible either. Straining as hard as
she can, the cuffs painfully cutting into her wrists, her finger is still a
useless three inches from her goal. Her clit is as out of reach as escape
itself.

Nor can she reach the incriminating note, still firmly taped to her breast. She
can read it though, upside down and damming that it is. 'Ohhhhh her mother is
going to read that.... ohhhhhh fuuuuuck! Masturbating... ' This is not going to
be good.... She remembers well, the time a year ago in her old house, her father
away permanently drunk at the pub as usual,  when she'd been masturbating after
school, lying on her bed covers, jeans and panties pushed down to mid thigh, and
her fingers buried between her legs, and after a really great cum she'd fallen
asleep. To wake with her mother, just home from work, standing beside her and
staring expressionlessly down at her incriminating pose. Just then she'd said
only "Girl, don't you dare move a muscle! I'll be back to deal with you in a
moment." As her mum turned and stalked off to her room, Jennifer had noticed the
camera in her mother's hand. She'd never found out if her mother had already
taken any  pictures then, but she definitely took some later... Though she'd
never heard of them again. Still, that evening became burned in her own memory,
even without any pictures to remind her of the painful events.

Too afraid to move, she had listened to her mother changing out of her work
clothes, and using the bathroom. She had begun to seriously wonder if her mother
was all right in there, when she had come back to Jennifer's room, stern faced
and oddly flushed. If she'd thought things were bad then, she rapidly came to
understand how much worse they could get, as her mother commanded-

"Masturbating! Only fifteen, and masturbating, you disgusting girl! Well we'll
see about that. No daughter of mine is going to fall into such habits. Stand up!
Take those clothes off!" Her mum had stood there, looking like a thunderstorm,
as Jennifer had hesitantly stood and stripped bare. Then grabbing the teen by
the wrist, she had marched her into the kitchen- dining room, hissing "If your
no-good father was any use, I'd have him give you a dammed good strapping for
this. But he isn't, so I'll just have to do it myself! I will _not_ have my
daughter doing such disgusting things to herself. Now, lie face down over the
table. Yes, like that. Legs! Spread your legs! No, hands on the table, I've seen
all that before. Good. Now, listen Jennifer, if you move a muscle, I'll start
the punishment all over  again, understand! You just stay there till I tell you
to move."

Naked, bent over and spread legged, Jennifer had been terribly conscious of the
sight her sex must be presenting her mother. She still felt wet and puffy from
her fingering. There had been the sounds of her mother walking around the room,
things being moved, cupboards closing. Then a long, silent pause, then *flash*
the tick of a camera. She had been too timid to even ask why her mother was
taking photos. Several more flashes from behind, then some from the side she
faced. Her mother's expression was strange - a kind of partly masked intensity
and anger. Then her mother had moved out of sight behind her again, and shortly
after, a long finger had slid slowly but firmly into her still slick sex. She
had started, moving to rise, but her mother's other hand had pressed forcefully
down on the small of her back. "No, you stay there. So! You are no longer a
virgin either, it seems. How did that happen, you filthy girl? Did you let some
boy *fuck* you, or did you break it *mastubating*?"  The single finger is
withdrawn, only to be replaced by two, working around inside possessively. And
to Jennifer's further consternation, arousingly. Struggling to hold still, she
misses her question. Her mother demands "*WELL!* How does your hymen come to be
gone, before you are even sixteen, for God's sake?

She had broken it when she was fourteen, with the handle of a hairbrush. But it
takes several minutes, and the threat of severe punishments before she can bring
herself to admit this to her mother. In the end, it is the busy fingers in her
cunt that that break down her reticence. Her mother is _not_ impressed. The
fingers are removed, and there is some rumaging in a cutlery drawer out of
sight. Then some cold, heavy rod-like object is pressed deeply into her now
burning sex, and left. Another pause, then more camera flashes. Then her mother
grips the object, and begins vigorously thrusting it in and out of her cunt,
asking "And did you _cum_, you dirty girl? Are you quite familiar with *orgasm*?
Did you cum _enough_ this afternoon, while your poor mother was still hard at
work, earning the money to keep you in school? No, don't answer, I expect that
even doing it till you passed out wasn't enough for a little slut like you!"

By now the object-fucking is getting her seriously turned on, and her hips
escape her conscious control - beginning to buck back at the thrusts. The
tension of need for orgasm is gathering in her belly, and she moans in time with
the thrusts. This seems to spur her mother on to even more vigour.

"See, you even like this! Disgusting. Well, then, put a hand down here, and do
it yourself. Yes, under yourself, thats it. Hold it.. like this... Now, push it
- fuck yourself, thats right. Yes, like that.... yes, you seem quite practiced
at it! No, don't stop. All right, time for your punishment. If you stop moving
that before I say, you'll regret it dearly."

By now she is hardly likely to resist - keeping that rod moving in her sex is
exactly what she wants. It it thicker than anything she has dared use before,
and longer too. Her heat is building like thunderclouds, but the position she is
in, the way her mother made her cup her hand over the end of the long cylinder,
that she cannot press in deeply enough to bring her hand in contact with her
sex... Her clit is aching untouched, and she dares not shift to please it,
though she longs to. Even the flashes of more photos being taken barely give her
pause. Then there is silence for a little while, followed by the sensation of
her mum's  fingers rubbing over her cunt lips and clit, around the pistoning
rod. For a second, the sensation is pleasant, till the burning hits. "Arrghhhhh
mum! What have you...? Ooooohhhhhh Owwwwww owwww...!" She writhes in pain - but
somehow it drives her desire higher. She keeps thrusting the rod, faster.

"Just some chilli powder. And I'm now going to give you the spanking of your
life. You just keep masturbating, you filthy slut, and remember this. If I ever
catch you touching yourself there again, you'll think this was a picnic!"

Another pause, another flash, then *SMACK* her arse erupts in fire equal to that
in her sex. For some reason, it makes her hand spasm, shoving the rod in
painfully deep. Her belly tenses up, the cum approaching fast on the burning
fire of her spiced genitals. *SMACK*! She comes, massively, her head arched
back, groaning her agonising pleasure aloud. *SMACK* SMACK* *SMACK* A rapid
series of explosions of fire across her buttocks. Her cum continues, her hand
shoving the rod deep into her sex. *SMACK* ...*SMACK*.... it all blends into one
mash of sensory  overload, that seems to go on for a long time. Sometimes she is
coming, sometimes she is crying with the flashes of pain on her rear, or the
chilli burning of her sex.

Eventually, she becomes aware that her mother has stopped spanking her. A few
more photographs are taken, perhaps. She is not sure. Her wrist aches from
holding the rod in her twat - numb now to the rod, but still burning strongly
from the peppers. Her mother takes the rod away, suddenly, leaving her feeling
empty and sore all over. She is sent to bed, without dinner, but with a repeat
of the warning "If I ever catch you..."

She remembers she had actually managed to avoid masturbating for a whole month
after that. But at least she had learnt her lesson about falling asleap
afterwards. Her mother had never caught her again, to this day. 'Looks like
she'll catch me today though.' she thinks, dreading it. But why does thinking
about that make her hips work harder on the pole? God, she needs to cum badly!
Her nipples feel like they are as hard as steel, and her clit is about to
explode. She wonders if she will still be in this state by the time her mother
comes home. In... by the clock, another hour. Since she never could cum from
purely vaginal stimulation, no matter how intense, she thinks the chances of her
being just as visibly cum-crazy by then are pretty high. 'Just _great_ Jennifer'
she thinks.

And then Greg will arrive, walking into whatever kind of trouble her mother will
make. Poor Greg. She supposes her mum will forbid her to see him again. That
makes her sad. Damm him! Why did he have to choose today to not come round when
he said he would? Normally he is very reliable. Not surprising, for a 17 year
old going round to sex his horny 16 year old girlfriend.

She is thinking of some of the fine times they have had together, and how she
will miss him, and his lovely hard dick, when there is a knock at the front
door. She was letting herself hunch the pole, grunting softly with her
frustrated heat, when it happens. She freezes, silent. 'Oh God, who can _that_
be? She can't answer, they might....' The knock repeats, longer. A pause. Then
another knock, insistent, and two voices, in unison "Hey! Jennifer, you there?
Wake up! We've brought you some vegies!"

She groans in recognition. 'Oh nooooo! Its the twins. Not now, Jesus....' They
are the 14 year old twins of the couple in the next house along the street. Alan
and Sally Rendal. Sometimes Mr Rendal gives her mum some vegetables from his
garden. 'Shit, shit, why did they have to choose today?' The twins are a
truckload of mischief. Nice kids, but always getting into some trouble or other.
And you'd think Sally would act more like a girl, and talk her brother out of
some of the crazier stunts they get up to. But no, it seems like she actually
eggs him on, and vies with him for some 'most likely to get in trouble' award.
She listens, silent. There is a semi-whispered conversation on the front porch.
g "She's not home, then."
b "Yes she is! I saw her get home. She must be sleeping."
g "Well, we can come back later."
b "I'm not carrying this bag of stuff back up that path, you do it!"
g "Just leave it here then."
b "Nah... animals would eat it."
g "What animals?"
b "You know..... ants.. or someone might steal it."
g "Yeah right. Leave it here."
b "Look, just knock louder. She's home!"

There is a loud, long knocking on the door, then silence.
g "Pretty sound sleeper?"
b "Maybe she doesn't want to answer?"
g "Why not?"
b "Oh _you_ know.... She's sixteen! Bet she does it a lot."
g "So do you."
b "Do not!"
g "Yes you do!"
b "Not. But she's fucking that Greg guy."
g "Yeah, I guess. Unless they just listen to records or something."
b "Oh sure! So he comes over about every day, and they lock themselves in for
hours, and its 'music' huh? Anyway, I saw them!"
g "What! When?"
b "A couple of weeks ago. You were out with mum, and I snuck over. There was a
gap in the curtains, and I watched them. She's got great boobs!"
g "Wow! What did they do? Did you see them fucking?"
b "Yeah. Not very well. She sucked his dick too."
g "Why didn't you tell me?"
b "Oh, uh..."
g "You did it didn't you! You jerked off watching I bet."
b "Um. Not saying. But she really was fucking him."
g "Well, he's not here today."
b "So, she's doing it to herself. Betcha!"
g "Why not answer then?"
b "Oh... she's... .um not finished?"
g "Huh! Yeah, in your dreams. You'd like to see that, huh?"
b "Well, wouldn't you? Just cos you're a girl...." A pause. "Uh, maybe. Just a
peek."
b "Think she can hear us talking?"
g "Nah, we're whispering silly. Hey, lets go round the back, see if we can see
in.
b "Right. I'll just leave these here." The soft voices trail off as they walk
around the side of the house.

Jennifer grinds her teeth, praying they don't think to try the door. She twists
around as much as she can, and looks at the curtains of her room's  window.
Thankfully, they appear to be fully closed. At least she got that  right. She
shudders to think what might happen if the twins were able to see into her room.
They'd probably play some horrible joke on her, as if she needed more trouble.
Or they'd blab to the whole neighbourhood. God! That would be worse than
anything! At least her mum will keep it private. 'Unnngh!' as she twists back,
the motion sets off a spasm in her sheath, and she barely muffles a groan of
desire. Her hips give a few more hard involuntary grinds on the pole, and she
finds herself gasping at the wave of heat that washes through her.

The whispering voices can be heard outside her window.
g "Does she always have the curtains pulled tight like that?"
b "I dunno. There was a little gap last time."
g "Maybe this time she was more careful."
b "I _bet_ she's doing it!"
g "Well.... so she'd be waiting till we go then."
b "Yeah. Hey lets go knock some more!"
g "giggle Yeah."

Jennifer thinks at them 'No! Go away! Go *away*!' but of course it has no
effect. A few moments later there is another long knocking at the door, and a
chorus of giggling. More soft whispering, her straining to hear.
b "I bet she could use one of these big carrots."
g "What... oh! Oh thats nasty! giggle" More knocking.
b "Yeah, but I bet she uses something, maybe I'll just take it in... hey!" There
was an ominous sound of a door handle rattling.
g "Is it open?"
b "Yeah! Its open. See! She _must_ be home."
g "Or they went out and forgot to lock it."
b "Maybe.... anyway, we can leave the vegies inside, and lock the door for them.
I'll write a note."
g "OK. Lets. I bet she's not really home." The door opens, and someone steps
inside, just out of line of sight from her. She is frozen in horror.
b Calling "Jennifer!? Anyone home? We brought some vegies round." More
footsteps, and the sound of someone dragging a sack of vegetables over the
doorstep. At that moment, Sally walks into view and sees Jennifer. She too
freezes, mouth open in amazement. Then she points at Jennifer and squeals
g "Eeek! Alan! Oh my gosh its Jennifer... Oh what?...." Alan steps into view.
b "Oh wooooooowwwww! Look at her... coooool."
g "Alan, someone must have done this to...." Alan walks closer, and has to read
the note.
b "Uh no sis, looks like she did it herself. Cooooollll! And she's completely
stuck like that. See this note? Aren't you, Jennifer?" Sally walks in, and also
reads the note. She grins, wickedly, and bends down to look closely at where the
bedpost enters Jennifer's sex. "Gosh Jen, you really did do this yourself! You
are a _naughty_ girl! And she's really turned on too, aren't you Jen? Look at
this here, Alan. See how her clit is sticking way out?" "Oohhh maaaan! And her
nipples, look at her nipples all hard! He reaches out a finger, and touches one
of her nipples tentatively. At the touch, she flinches, and finds her voice.

"Uh, look, Alan, Sally, you'd better just go. My boyfriend will be here any
moment, and he'll be really pissed with you if he finds out. Just go, this is
none of your business." She cannot help letting her eyes flick to the flashing
message light on the answering machine.
g "Yeah, I guess. Alan?" But Alan has stepped back to admire her from a few
paces away, and has noticed her attention to the message machine. He walks over
and presses play. They listen to the last message, in which Jennifer's fate is
made clear. The twins look at each other, then at her.
b "Her mother doesn't get back till 6. She was expecting Greg to untie her.
g "He's not coming till later. So her mum will find her. Like this."
b "I bet your mum will be surprised, Jennifer."
g "Very surprised."
b "But till then.... sis, we can play with her. She can't tell anyone."
g "Oooooh! Thats nasty, Alan. Lets do it!" Alan walks back too her, and cups her
unlabelled breast in his hands, kneading it. "Yeah. Jennifer, it seems to us
like we can do anything we like to you. Who are you gonna tell? Hey sis, we
should get some photos. Has she got a camera here somewhere? Mmmmmmm this is
going to be fun!" He is running his hands all over her, down from her breasts,
around her luscious arse, over her wide spread thighs, back up into the inverted
V of her sex- with its wooden third leg. He clasps her slit, pressing her erect
clit, circling on it. She shudders. "I think we should take her off this to
play, then put her back on before her mum gets here. What do you think Sally?"

Sally has been rummaging around the room, but has not yet found a camera. She
comes back to Jennifer, and takes a pinch of nipple between her thumb and
fingers. "Where is your camera, Jennifer?" She squeezes hard, briefly.

Jennifer gasps in pain, too overloaded to argue. "In the second drawer of my
desk. Couldn't you please leave me free before mum gets home? Please? I'll do
anything, just..."

As she retrieves the camera and checks its film, Sally considers the older girl
on the bedpost. "I think you've been a very nasty girl, and deserve to be found
out. And we'll do anything we want today anyway. And tomorrow too, cos you
wouldn't want *flash* these pictures *flash* to get out. Plus, after your mum
sees you like this, with that nice note, you won't be spending your afternoons
fucking him, and being his 'naughty, masturbating girl-toy.' Here or anywhere."
Sally keeps taking more pictures, from all angles, and close ups of her
pole-impaled crotch. "Alan, isn't it nasty the way that big fat post spreads her
cunt lips out so wide! Does it make you cum, Jennifer? Hmmmmmm.... Hey Alan, I
bet it isn't enough! See, that thing sticking out there? Thats her clit - it
gets hard like a dick when a girl is horny. And its how she cums, too, mostly.
See! Her clits so hard, but she can't touch it! She probably is dying to cum,
but hasn't yet."

"Gee sis, so you do it too? Or how'd you know, about all that? Should we make
her come? Like this?" He starts to rub her clit between two fingers, quite
roughly, as if it was a little prick. Jennifer grunts at the painful mauling,
and instinctively tries to draw her hips away. Which of course has absolutely no
effect - her sex stays exactly where the wooden pivot of her pelvis pins it. She
starts to really appreciate exactly how much trouble she may be in, and gasps
urgently "Oh! Ow! Alan no! Oh! Don't! You ooohhhh! *mustn't*! PLEASE! Ohhh! Just
go... you should ohhh Ow! go... Owwwww thats too oh! no! NOOOO! OOOHHH! EEEEeek
Nooo! Uhhhh eeeeeeeekkk..."

She shudders and struggles wildly, uselessly, as the 14 year old boy rudely
pinches and squeezes her clit. He shows no sign of being discouraged by her
complaints, and indeed, seems quite fascinated by her antics, and the great
effect such a small action can have on her. The bouncing of her full breasts on
her heaving chest seems to particularly captivate him.

His sister is also drawn to the sight, curious, feeling mischievous and a
strange rising excitement. 'Golly' she thinks, 'Jennifer, 16! and we can do...'
She places a palm softly on Jennifer's bum, feeling the sexy teen alternately
tensing and relaxing the muscles under that soft padded curve. It is an
intoxicating feel. She puts her other hand to Jennifer's  other arse cheek,
gripping them firmly now, and pushing them a little. She can feel how the hips
are constrained to a very small circle of motion by the post, against Jennifer's
struggles, and her own gentle shoving. Even her not so gentle pushing and
shoving. And suddenly she finds herself gripping the teen firmly by the hips,
and rapidly joggling her around, a dark kind of excitement growing in her as she
hears the clear undertones of sexual excitement in Jennifer's gasps and shrieks
at their rough abuse of her intimate anatomy. Sally decides Jennifer is a total
slut, deserving everything she gets, and that this next hour will be a lot of
fine, nasty fun. As Jennifer's gasps and cries grow more clearly aroused, she
has a wicked idea.

"Wait a minute, brother, slow down there a minute, she's going to cum, can't you
tell? Hey! Cut it out, come away, I've an idea." Alan has been going at her slit
with a will, his fingers a blur, a big grin on his face as he watches the mix of
pain and heat on Jennifer's face. As Sally walks back to the kitchen, she tugs
at his arm, beckoning him to follow. Somewhat perplexed, and still drinking in
the sight of the nude teen, he follows.

"But I want to see her come. Why not sis?" "Just wait. I've an idea."

Suddenly Jennifer is left alone again. Relieved that the rough mauling of her
clit has stopped, but far from reassured. Far from relieved, as well, with the
hot burning desire in her sex fanned into fresh flames by the crude but
functional stimulation.

Around the corner, Sally is whispering very quietly into Alan's ear. "Listen,
how about this - we fool around with her, but we don't let her come! Maybe you
don't know, but girls can get really, really horny too. So what about... we see
how horny we can make her? Its easy to make her cum, and we can do that some
other time, can't we? With the photos, she'll have to do what we say. But today,
in an hour, her mum is going to find her  like that. How about we make sure
she's totally hot and dying for it when her mum gets here, just for extra
effect?"

Her brother looks a bit disappointed at this idea. He was just getting used to
the idea of making his 16 year old wet-dream neighbour cum. He doesn't know what
that will look like, but he knows he wants to. Still, he's no fool. He can see
as well as his sister that the future of this new relationship with their
neighbour seems very interesting.

"Uh.. Yeah, I can picture that. And I was kinda wondering how we'd get her
_back_on_ that if we let her off it. So what, we just leave her there, and tease
her for an hour? Yeah, I suppose. I wanted to see her cum though. But you're
right, some other time - when we can have her do whatever we want. I wish we
could watch when her mum walks in."

"Maybe we can! If we pull the curtains back a teeny bit. Without her seeing us
do it. Then we hide round back as her mum gets back.... hey, I know how we can
cut it really fine... she always gets home right around six. So at ten to six,
you go up and hide where you can see her car coming. Whistle when you do, and I
quit teasing the slut then. I can judge it finer than you can. We meet around
back. OK?"

"Why... uh, oh OK. I guess I'd better not miss the car, hey? Anyway, lets go
back. I wanna feel her some more.  Hey, I was thinking of smacking her on the
bottom, but her mum would see the marks. I guess we'd better not even make any
fingernail marks or anything, huh?"

His sister shakes her head, as they re-enter the room. Jennifer is, of course,
just as they left her. Right down to the flushed complexion, the panting, and
the vividly engorged condition of her glisteningly wet sex. They find her
straining upwards, on the tips of her toes, making a strenuous but entirely
futile attempt to slip off the post. She freezes for a moment, seeing them
watching her. But it is not a pose she can maintain for more than a few seconds,
and as her toes protest the strain she is obliged to let herself sink back down
onto the wooden post. With a soft moan as it slides deep into her. Then another,
more strident moan of frustration, as that penetration sparks her hips into a
quick series of fuck-bounces, seeming beyond her ability to suppress.

Alan finds the sight very entertaining. "Yeah, go Jen! Hey, keep that up, it
looks great! If you give us a good show, we might let you off there." He walks
behind her, beside the bed, out of her sight, and turns the bedside clock away
so she cannot see the time. Then comes back and presses himself against her,
cupping her breasts, feeling and kneading them in his hands, gripping her
nipples. "Come on you horny slut, put on a real show. Fuck that post like its
your lover. Let me feel this arse moving! Ah, damm your tits feel nice. Come on,
move it! Come on... Or would you like me to pinch your nipples... like this..."

"Owwwhh! Oh no... please... this is so embarrassing.. don't make me... OUCH! OH!
please..."

"No really, we insist, don't we sis?" He goes on twisting her nipples. "Yes
Jenny, do it! Or how about I tickle you, hey?" She starts to tickle the teen
under her armpits.

"Ooowwww oh hhah ha ha nooooo.. eeeek! OW! OH! eeek!..." Jennifer finds herself
both in pain and tickled, at once. "Eeeeeek! Stop! Ohwww! Stop, please, I'll..
OW! OK! OK! Anything... OH!.... "

Sally desists, and steps back to admire the sight, but Alan merely softens his
groping and squeezing of Jennifer's tits and rock hard nipples. "Then get going,
hot cunt! And don't stop without permission!"

In his pants, his fourteen year old's prick is achingly hard, and straining at
the sensation of being massaged against the trapped girl's firm arse. He wishes
his sister wasn't there, as he's reluctant to undress while she can see. But
this whole scene is so hot... if he doesn't do something soon, he's going to
cream in his pants.

Finally, Jennifer seems to admit to herself that resistance is futile, and
begins to move herself on the shaft deliberately. At first just a shallow
hunching motion, but another warning pinch from Alan soon gets her into a
serious up and down fucking effort. With the added friction against his dick
nearly setting him off, he steps back, away from her.

"Thats better!" says Sally, as she pulls up a chair to sit and watch. Alan
notices she is holding her legs tightly together, rhythmically squeezing them.
She glances at him. "Yeah, and whats that in your pants? Of course this turns me
on. Actually... oh hell. You just watch her, OK?" She jumps up, steps out of her
sneakers, unbuttons her jeans, and with one quick movement slides them down her
legs and off. She hesitates, looking at him again.  "So don't let me stop you
doing it too. No point being shy. And I've seen you doing it before anyway. I
peeked. OK?" She hooks fingers into her panties, and slips them off in another
quick slide, then sits back down, legs wide and her fingers in her crotch. "I'm
going to enjoy this, alright? You do whatever you like." She looks back to
Jennifer, and sighs, slumping back in the chair as her fingers get busy.

Alan looks back and forth between the two. Both amazing, both things he'd hardly
even dreamed of seeing. His sister, naked from the waist down, her nipples
poking up her T shirt on the small bumps of her 14 year old tits, and her
fingers sinking in her little slit. Then the much more mature teen's hot body in
bondage, now hunching on the bedpost, her face screwed up in concentration and
need, panting in time to her exertions, full breasts bouncing wildly. His dick
is, frankly, so hard its killing him. Action is definitely called for here. But
what? Just beating off, like sis, doesn't seem like the right thing to do. He
considers the possibilities. He's not dumb, and knows that leaving spoof around
the place, or up either of Jenny's holes, on this particular day would be a bad
idea, forensically speaking. And presumably, his sister is out. He looks at
Jennifer again, as she stands, panting open mouthed, clearly becoming absorbed
in the pursuit of the big come. He's heard of guys having girls 'suck them off',
which is a concept that seems quite attractive, just now. Except for the small
geometrical problem - her mouth is up in her head, and she probably can't bend
over far, given the post.... He looks around, thinking. And notices her desk - a
small study desk, easily pushed.

He smiles, and says "OK Sis, I will. You can take it as part of the show." His
shoes and pants are off in a flash, leaving his bone hard dick sticking straight
out, and waging as he walks to the desk. Grinning a little as he sees his sister
finds the sight distracting enough that she follows it with her eyes. Stacking
the books and stuff off the desk onto the floor, he slides it back across the
room, till it is standing in front of the post-fucking teen.  Both Jennifer and
Sally are watching him now, with comically contrasting expressions of
trepidation and curiosity. He jumps up to stand on the table.

"Ladies and.... huh. I present to you, The Standing Blowjob!" He steps to the
edge of the table next to Jennifer, and sure enough, his rod is on a level with
her mouth. Immobile, she stares at it in dawning shock.

"Did I say you could stop fucking the post, Jen?" He winds his fingers of one
hand into her hair, and prompts her to resume her whole body up and down bobbing
action. "Now, this. Open wide..."  When she takes him into her mouth without any
resistance, and fastens her lips on him, sucking and stroking the shaft into her
mouth, he seems surprised. Then extremely pleased with himself. He glances
around at his sister, and seems about to make some comment on her suddenly extra
vigorous finger action, when the full sensation seems to strike home. He gasps,
a long intake of breath, as he turns back to the head bobbing at his waist.
"Uhhhhhhhhh hohhhhhhhh..... Ahhhhhhhhh hoohhhhhhh.... mmmmmmmm oh wow.."

With an expression predominantly of great surprise, he stares down at her, as
his hips pick up a counterpoint thrusting rhythm to her bobbing. He makes no
further comment, except for a low "huuuummmmmmmmmhhhh" on every breath. Its the
most amazing thing he's ever felt. And its getting better with every stroke.
Really good. Really, really good..... He can feel that he's going to spurt soon,
but its a feeling way beyond what he's ever had from his own hand. That tension,
growing... fleetingly he thinks that it would be good to go a little slower, but
the thought doesn't seem to translate well into action. His body and mind seem
to be transforming into some kind of sperm injection machine, and nothings going
to stop it. Not this time. Not now that his hard-wired reflexes seem to have
locked on target, for the first time in his life. Something programmed aeons ago
is saying 'Female:orifice:penetrated:Go:Go:Go!'

Dimly, he notices a commotion behind him - his sister seems to be having her own
meeting with evolutionary race-survival reflexes, judging by the stream of
gasps, moans and swear words he's never heard from her before. He manages to
look around, without pausing his own fuck thrusting. There is Sally, hips thrust
way high in the air, her fingers burried deep in her  cunt and working up over
her clit then in deep again, eyes slitted and mouth 'O'd in climax. The sight
kicks his mind over the edge, and he too is coming - the explosion forcing his
seed, pulsing up through the hardness of his cock, and into the sucking mouth of
this self-bondage teen queen. For several long, clenching seconds, he holds
himself deep in her mouth, hands pressing her head tight against his crotch,
oblivious to her muffled choking.

When he does let go and pull back, she coughs and splutters, drawing in a long
desperate breath. "Ahhhkkk! Urrhhh! You.... you.... mmmmm..." She struggles to
find some way of expressing herself, but as she talks, she becomes aware of the
taste in her mouth, from a trace of his spoof that did not go straight down the
back of her throat. Her face is an amusing study in mixed outrage, arousal, and
surprise, as she considers the taste.

Sally, who has finished her come and laid back for some moments recovering, gets
up and helps him move the desk away, so they can stand in front. "I think she
likes the taste, Alan. Look at her clit - its harder than ever. Hey Jennifer,
you look surprised, didn't you ever suck Greg off?"

Jennifer, if its possible, goes an even deeper shade of scarlet, and looks down,
silent. Alan crows "Wow, looks like I took her mouth cherry! Did I Jennifer?" He
pinches her rigid nipples, twisting. "Did I? You do stuff like this, and you
never sucked Greg off?" twisting harder.

"Ohhhh oh! Oh stop... I... uh.. I did do that... Oh! suck him... but never.. ah!
never let him come... in my uh oh please stop! ...in my mouth..."

Sally is now standing beside her again, running her hands all over the teen's
quivering body, working down to the transfixed crotch. As runs her fingers over
the slick, stretched labia, Sally kneels down in front of the sight. She places
a finger tip lightly on the rigid little clit, and softly twirls it. "So you are
too snooty to drink cum, huh? And what about Greg? Does he suck _you_ off, huh?
Does he kiss you here, Jennifer? ...... You'd better tell me, or my brother
might just twist your nipples right off! Come on, does he lick you here, and
make you cum?"

"Uh! Owww! Oh please don't, I'll tell you... I'll tell... anything just don't
hurt me, please... ..... yes, he does."

"There, that was easy. If you do as we say, you can have this...." (Sally gives
Jennifer's clit a gentle stroking) "instead of the nipple things. Isn't this
much nicer? Do you like this?" She keeps stroking, pressing, as Jennifer looks
down at her own defenceless, splayed sex, with the child's fingers working
nimbly at her most sensitive flesh. Sally meets the teen's eyes, with an 'I dare
you to not answer!' look.

Jennifer has given in - she knows she is completely at their mercy. She
stammers, softly - "Y.. yes, that is nicer. I... I do like it." With the
admission, her hips begin once again to slowly hump on the post.

"We could make you cum, very easily. We'd like to see you cum, wouldn't we
Alan?" He nods, grinning at Jennifer and stroking her breasts. Sally, still
looking up into the teen's eyes, reaches out her tongue and runs its tip once,
quickly up the length of the spread slit, over Jennifer's aching clit. "Would
you like to cum, Jennifer? If you cum _really_ good for us, we might let you off
this before your mum gets home, eh?"

"Oh yes! Yes, please... please, anything... do me. Do it... "

"But do you really want to _cum_ Jennifer, or do you just want off of here? How
about if we _don't_ let you off, do you still want to cum anyway? Are you horny
to cum? We could just leave now. Maybe we should!" She gives the clit an extra
strong stroking as she mentions leaving.

Jennifer throws back her head at the surge of stimulation, groaning.
"Unnnnnnhhhh... ohhhh please, don't tease me... I uuhhhhhhhh really need to cum,
please... just do it to me.. uhhhhhh... oh yeah... oohhhhhh yeah..."

Alan has been reading the note through again, as he plays with her breasts.
"Sis, Greg has been round here every afternoon this week, hasn't he?"

"Umm... yes, I think so, why?" She is slowing her stroking of Jennifer's clit to
a delicate, bare touch, as the girl shudders, not far from cumming.

"Because, this note... it says she hasn't cum all week... he's teasing her while
he's here, but what about other times? Hmmm... just a sec." He dashes out into
the kitchen, and into the tiny bathroom that adjoins it. Then out again, and out
the front door. Back in seconds more, he spends a moment lugging the sag of
vegies back outside, then returns and resumes fondling her breasts, chuckling.
"Sis, there are no locks on either the bathroom or outside dunny doors. And see
the other door there, that leads into her Mum's bedroom, that used to be a
verandah? Thats clear glass, and it doesn't lock either! And the living room,
between the kitchen and Mum's room, has no doors at all! Mum might walk into her
bedroom through either door without warning, if she walked softly. So Jen here
can't do it while her Mum is home! Not even in bed, cos her mum can look in
though the glass door. I bet her Mum is a light sleeper too - I know she gets up
really early, I see the light in the windows. So Miss Masturbation here can't do
it at night, and can't do it in the morning, and can't do it at school since
they took the locks off the cubicles. That leaves only after school, till her
Mum gets home! Two hours! And her Mum shops daytime, and never goes out on
weekends either. And Greg's school is closer, so he can get here before her
after school if he wants..... so..... wow! He really has been starving you Jen,
huh? What do you think, Sis? I bet she needs it really bad, we really should
give her one, before her Mum gets home. She'd not likely to get one after!"

He has moved around behind Jennifer, cupping her breasts and rolling her
rock-hard nipples between his fingers. Unseen to her, he winks theatrically to
Sally as he mentions 'giving her one'.

"Yes... I guess you're right Alan. She is so naughty, and her Mum should see
this rope stuff, but its her boyfriend thats made her crazy with the need. We
should at least give her a cum, so she doesn't have to deal with her Mum while
her brains are all mushy with sex. Just.... not yet. This is sooo fun! Gee,
she's even put cream or something on herself, she's slippery all over down
here!"

"And in here too, feel!" He is running a hand over her rear again, and has
slipped his fingers into the spread-legged-open crack of her arse. "Gosh,
even..." His fingers have paused at her puckered sphincter, teasing at the
quivering opening, testing the smooth-slicked entrance, pressing against the
thin flesh separating that closed opening from the wood-post dilated cunt so
close to it. "Wow, thats such a contrast, Sis. One hole so stretched, and the
other one here so empty.... unless I.... " He slips the tip of his middle finger
into her anus, easily overcoming her slicked resistance.

Sally has been carefully teasing the older girl, learning to gauge her shudders
and sighs, lifting her up onto crests of excitement, yet always letting her fall
short of release. Doing this is giving her a dark, powerful thrill she has never
dreamt existed - a red blaze in her mind as well as her belly. She would stop to
finger herself off again, only she has found it even more exciting to keep both
hands on hapless Jennifer, and she wants to learn to drive the teen absolutely
mental with frustration in the time before her mother gets home. Now she pauses,
looking round the shuddering hips on the post, to see what Alan is doing. The
sight, of the wide open arse crack, oiled and shining between the helplessly
clenching globes, with her brother's finger worming and twisting deeper into the
tiny ring, close-backed by the wooden post and the tight stretched cunt lips
pulling up and down it as the girl struggles.... this sight is somehow even more
crudely erotic than the open twat cleft she was driving up front.

"Oh wow, Alan... wow... I think its finally hitting me... she is ours! Ours!
With those pictures... her Mum will make her stop seeing Greg... do you see...? 
You want to fuck her arse? I bet we can make her do _anything_! For ages and
ages.... Mmmm golly that looks kinky! Yeah, stick it right up her... bet you can
feel the wood inside her, right?"

"Yeah, Sis, I can... I can run my finger around it, inside her... it feels like
it just goes on up inside her forever, I can't feel the top at all. Its all
slick inside here too... nothing else... which is good. Hmm.." He looks around
the room, and spots the empty shampoo bottle lying on the floor. Pulling his
finger out abruptly, he fetches it. Sniffs its neck, and notes that it is still
wet, with a little clear water in the bottom. Coming back, he holds it before
the shaken teen's face.

"Jennifer, you rinsed yourself out, didn't you?" He holds up his shiny slick,
but otherwise clean middle finger. "See! Looks like you did a good job too. Were
you expecting something to go up there, maybe? Your boyfriend was going to fuck
you up the bum, perhaps? Oh, wait! He didn't know about this little treat you
set up. So, you were going to _ask_ him to fuck you up there, is that it? With
you still on that, so you couldn't move? Then you even greased it up! Hmmm...
well, I'm sure we will all enjoy exploring this thing in future. But right
now.... why don't you have a feel up there Sis, while I make sure Mother dear
gets the full story."

He takes her desk, and pushes it back to its original position against the wall.
He puts most of the things back on the desk, but stacked up at the back, leaving
the front bare. Then places the shampoo bottle upright in the centre of the
empty area, where it stands out like... an empty, capless shampoo bottle with
some water in it. He spots the tube of hand cream on the floor by her bed, and
places that next to the bottle. For a moment he contemplates the arrangement,
then laughs and begins rummaging through her desk drawers. In a moment he finds
what he sought - the long, thin metal can of a feminine deodorant spray.
Complete with smooth-curved snap-on plastic cap.

Jennifer has been twisting round to watch him, as best she can while shuddering
and jerking with the sensations of Sally simultaneously finger fucking her
arsehole and stroking her clit. It is an effort, since all her body wants to do
is throw her head back and scream. Seeing him holding up the phallic object
triumphantly, rubbing his thumb along the surface, feeling the traces of oil no
doubt lingering there from the last time she used it for more than deodorising,
she does groan, closing her eyes and letting her head fall back. There seems to
be no secret of hers these children will not uncover. For their part, the twins
grin at each other, reading her resignation for the admission it is. Sally takes
a fold of labia between thumb and finger, and pinching it warningly, asks- "You
fuck yourself with that, don't you?"

Jennifer hangs her head, shamed, barely whispering "yes."

"I don't think my brother heard you. Louder! What do you do with that? You tell
him _exactly_ what you do with that, you hear? Exactly! And keep the details
like where you stick it, when, how long for, the first time, last time, do you
come, and so on, flowing until I say to stop. Or I can really hurt you here,
like this.." She give a painful pinch.

"OWWoh! but oh, please... ow, that hurt... OW! no! OK! I'll... OW!... I, I fuck
myself with it.... yes, I ow! I SHOVE it up my, my cunt... and push it ...ow
no... fuck it in and out.. and around... ohhhh yes thats nice, please don't
pinch me any more, I'll ow... OK... I fuck it around in my cunt, like its my
boyfriend's cock, banging up me.. I like to put one hand on my belly, and twist
it around forwards, so I can feel the end moving inside me with my fingers on my
belly... but I can't do that and rub my clit at the same time, so I go back to
pushing it up with one hand around back, and rubbing my clit with the other... I
almost always use that when I... masturbate.... I..... um.... OW! No, please,
I'll tell you... oh! um, and when I do it I... after school, I do it after
school, when there's no one, when Greg isn't coming over, and I feel.... you
know, sexy Uh! Please! OK, when I feel horny, so I take my clothes of and touch
myself on my, my cunny till I'm wet, then I push the spray can in and just sort
of work it around... I uh, I like to see how it... just vanishes up inside, and
feels so good... Its not very thick, you know? But long enough that I can't make
it all go inside, even pushing.... I like to do that, to really push it, and
feel my insides... Hmfff! Oh! Please! Can't you just remind me without pinching
_so_ hard? And isn't it getting late? Are you going to untie me before Mum gets
home?"

Alan, sitting in a chair with a good view of his sister working the older teen,
can see the turned clock face. He shakes his head. "No, _plenty_ of time yet.
You just keep on with the story. Its 'cunt' by the way, not 'insides'. If you'd
keep it interesting, Sally won't have to pinch you. So, where do you feel it?"
When Jennifer looks away again, he hand signs to his sister that time is
actually getting a bit short. He suddenly has a truly inspirational idea, and
decides to begin it immediately. "Tell you what, Jenny. If you really try hard
to tell us all the hot details about how you do yourself, a really good, long,
sexy story, then we'll not only untie you in time, but sis will make you come
first. If you run out of stuff to say, just go through the same stuff again, and
try to make it sound even hotter, OK? Think of how much you want to cum, and
make it good. Seems like you need it bad, huh? Suppose Greg decides you don't
deserve to cum for another week or two? You want to cum now?"

His sister looks at him curiously, but (for once) goes along with the flow. She
gives the teen's swollen and pinched labia a long sensuous stroking, and then,
hesitantly, leans forward and delicately runs the tip of her tongue up the
spread slit, over her aching clit. Jennifer shudders, gasping.

"Ohhhuhhh! Oooooo thats... ummmmm... yes, yes, OK, I'll try... I'll do anything,
just _please_ untie me before mum gets back... um. alright... where was I?
Oh..... yeah, um when I'm... fucking myself with the can, I like to......
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmohhhh yesss.... to shove it really _deep_ up my... my _cunt_.
Its not as fat as this post, which feels so _huge_, but I like it when it's so
far up there... up my _twat_ that it hurts a bit.... mmmm feeling my uterus
pushed right up deep in my belly.... and I stir it round and round... oh,
what?.... what are you...?"

Alan has been gathering a few more items from her bedroom, and has begun to
apply them to the standing, nude sex queen. First he has put the earphones of
her walkman over her ears, then begun winding a scarf around her head as a
blindfold. Which also happens to fix the earphones in place.

"Nothing important, you just keep talking, OK? I'm just going to add a little
more spice to the scene here. For a few more photos. Just a quick fool around,
nothing that won't come off quickly when its time to tidy up before your mum
gets here. Just ignore me!" As he speaks, he has completed her blindfold, so now
she cannot see a thing. Next he takes her small transistor radio, and tunes to
an FM band between stations. Adjusting the static hiss to a soft level, he plugs
the headphones into it. Speaking loudly for her to hear him over the hiss: "A
little bit of noise so we can surprise you. Don't let it stop your story!"

His sister has cottoned on by now, and chips in: "Yeah, he he! I'm really,
really looking forward to watching you cum! But only if you tell us everything!
If its not good enough, we'll untie you, but you'll still be dying for it, and
then your mum will get home, and it will be another day, or more, of
frustration. You'd better start... Oh, and if I stop touching you for a while,
I'll just be taking some more pics, or... doing myself. Don't worry, I'll be
back onto you in a flash. But whatever you do, keep up the slutty story, we love
it! Heh! Looks like my evil brother has another little surprise for you, too.
Come on now, get going! Your time starts *now*! Ding!" She delivers Jennifer a
sharpish palm slap to the bottom, then returns her fingers to the spread and
pilloried vaginal slit, with its protruding clit.

"Ah! Oooooouuhhhhhnnn..... Hmmmmm..... oh, yeah.... I like to shove it inside my
cunt, so deep it hurts a little, and feel on my stomach how it is *so* far up
me.. um, it doesn't make me cum, that, but its so much better when I do cum, if
I've got that... something right up, deep inside, and if I push it hard just as
I cum, so it hurts a but, its soooo strong... But I don't try to cum right
away... I usually just .... once I get started, sort of go on at it for as long
as I can - hours, till I have to quit cos mums coming home soon. .... hmmmmmmm
oh, yes, thats.... One thing I sometimes do, is put on a pair of panties, over
that can sticking out of my slit.... it would fall out without the panties...
and just sort of walk around my room like there's nothing special going on...
sort of trying to pretend I'm not feeling it holding my lips, cunt lips open and
rubbing, moving in my cunt as I walk. That can feel really nice. I think about
how it would feel to put on a pair of tight jeans, and go out somewhere, like
the movies. Or school! But it really sticks out too far, it would show. Anyway,
when I'm doing that, I like to sort of sit down on my chair, like I've forgotten
its in my cunt there, and go uhhhh! as the chair pushes it hard up me. If I lean
back a bit I can sit right down, and then have it force in very slowly but
really hard by gradually sitting up straighter. I wish I could make a dildo
chair. But I can't, my mum would see it. Ohhhhhhhh..... you naughty girl Sally,
you really know how to work my uh...uh clit... ohhhhHHHHHh! yes.... oh more....
ahhhhh.... To make myself cum, I usually lie back on the bed, and just move that
can a little as I rub my clit, ummmmm like that... umm....

She continues, sometimes haltingly, sometimes between gasping breaths as Sally
works her higher, but with less and less reticence as her excitement grows.

After a few more minutes, with her face flushed rosy and her breathing
indicating she is very aroused indeed, Alan introduces her to the 'surprise' he
had been preparing. He had found a roll of yellow ribbon, and had tight tied a
few turns of it around the base of the hairspray can, tying it off, leaving a
meter of ribbon on one side, and the full roll on the other. Then, quickly
giving the cylinder a regreasing with hand cream, he kneels to her side, and
presses the rounded end against her anus. She gasps, and hesitates in her tale,
but then carries on, more breathlessly if anything, her buttocks and thighs
flexing helplessly. It slips in easily, going deep. He twists and pistons it in
her a few moments, playing with causing her to falter in her masturbatory tale,
but Sally wags a finger, signalling that the teen is too close to cumming, and
he is risking their plan. So he desists, and simply pushes it in deeply, then
uses the ribbon to bind up through her arse cleft and around the pole in her
slit, up to and around her waist. He ties it off with a fair attempt at a pretty
bow on her stomach.

Stepping back to admire his work, he picks up the camera and snaps off a few
more mementos for them. Then winds back the film, and pockets the roll. He goes
to put the camera back in the drawer, but finds a new roll of film there, and
changes plan again - puts the new film into the camera, and keeps the camera
with him. Turning the clock back so his busy sister can see the time, he signs-
'time for lookout duty' and leaves, quietly, leaving the front door open.

It is a few minutes to six pm. With her brother on lookout from the returning
mother, the intention is to tease the post-fixed teen Jennifer to a frenzy of
sexual heat and frustration, leaving her desperately panting her tale of
masturbatory adventures, red faced, swollen-sexed, dripping with juices and
begging for relief, blindfolded and ear-muffled, as a homecoming surprise for
her poor, tired, and hardworking mother. The twins are like that. Of all the
pranks they have pulled over the years, they think this has got to be the
coolest, neatest, really sweet little trick of all. And so excellent, that they
don't even get the blame - 'she did it to herself, all for her nasty boyfriend,
the slut!' Of course, _they_ didn't know anything about it, _they_ just dropped
of the sack of vegetables outside the locked door, and went home, of _course_!
Stupid of Jennifer to not check he was actually going to come round that day.
And she must have worked herself into some kind of sex-frenzy, on the post, and
began fantasising about all sorts of disgusting things.... it wasn't _us_, how
could anyone believe her after she did this...

All this is going through Sally's mind as she carefully, deliberately works the
16 year old beauty into a state of near-cumming desperation. The sweating teen's
story of her solitary sexual inventiveness falters and stutters, broken by
panting cries and moans, pleas for mercy, for more, for less, to 'do it, do it'
and 'oh stop, oh stop', and such, but never ends. Sally is learning that
Jennifer is quite an inventive girl, and is thinking that some of these ideas
could bear trying out, on her own. But for now she is watching two clocks - one
on her bedside table, counting down to Mom-moment, and the other formed of the
heat and signs of Jennifer's need and tensions. With the teen about as high now
as Sally dare take her without risking an escape into orgasm, she takes to
interspersing moments of complete hands-off absence, in order to lessen the
chance Jennifer will notice when Sally does finally exit. She waits for her
brother's signal.

Jennifer has been relating her experiments with various forms of vegetables,
when Sally hears the soft whistle. Without hesitation, she steps away,
carefully, silently, not even a draft to betray her movement. Surveying the
room, she curses quietly, and quickly steps over and pulls back a corner of the
curtains. Then flees, as fast as silence, and closing of the front door, allows.
She makes it to the bushes behind the house close moments before the mother
appears at the top of the garden path, bearing a carton of shopping. Her brother
is already there, having raced down among the bushes from the road the moment he
signalled the arrival of Ms Taylor's old VW beetle.

It is dusk at this time; dark enough by now to allow for invisible lurking in
bushes, and peering in through curtain gaps. So they do. The view, though only
usable by one at a time, is fine. There is the beauty, still eagerly juicing her
sex on the fat bedpost, in side-on profile to them. They can even hear her
descriptive monologue, softly but clear through the glass. They hear the mother
at the front door: the box being put down, the jangle of keys, the lock turning,
the door opening. Jennifer, white noise cocooned, clearly hears nothing. She
seems to be putting on an extra effort to tempt her teasing cum-promiser to
resume her ministrations. Her words rise louder, as she pantingly describes a
time she inflated a balloon in her cunt, to the maximum capacity she could bear,
then tied it off, and clit-whacked herself to an orgasm that made her pass out.
There has been silence from the front door front. No doubt her mother is
wondering what in hell she is hearing. Normally she announces herself with a
cheery 'Hi honey, I'm home!' but today she seems to have been distracted.

Peering through the window, they see her mother appear, silently framed in the
doorway to Jennifer's bedroom. Standing, thunderstruck, staring at the sight of
her darling daughter, now cast in the unexpected role of filthy mouthed bondage
queen sex-crazed teen slut. They had not really thought about what the mother
would do. Only that it would all surely be a truly fine display of... something.
Shouting, most definitely. Some sort of draconian punishment, likely. Spanking?
A beating? Mouth-with-soap (and maybe vagina-with-soap too, for that matter)?
Perhaps a parental swooning spell, followed by lengthy and humiliating
lecturing? They really didn't have any idea.

Certainly, they were very surprised by what transpired.

Ms Taylor stands motionless for long, long moments. Then silently, wheels about,
and apparently brings the shopping carton inside, shutting the front door. She
returns, now barefoot, to her daughter's room, and comes carefully close,
bending down to read the note dangling from the shuddering, heaving,
hard-nippled breast. She stands straight again, frowning, surveying the room,
while never glancing away from the naked girl for more than a moment. Clearly
intent on that image, but reserved in her reaction to it. Thinking. Looking
around again, and this time spotting the blinking answering machine light. She
plays the message, but significantly, first turns the sound right down. She
comes back, this time kneeling, peering close to the teen's post-formed sex,
observing the eager movements of that glistening, tight-curved slit, and it's
protruding, crimson-engorged clit, the cum-trigger so obviously eager for
action, yet so clearly, definitely not being pulled. She peers around behind her
daughter's shapely hips, and examines the  makeshift dildo tied in position, up
her round-stretched anus. She looks at the handcuffs, holding the girl's wrists
behind her back, and the other bonds. Alan takes this opportunity to try taking
a couple of photos through the curtain gap, with Jennifer's camera.

Jennifer has returned to the subject of fruit, and its erogenous application.
Some of this clearly gives her mother pause, and there are several parental
intakes of breath. But oddly, still outward no display of anger. Something, some
strong emotion, is there. Ms Taylor has taken to breathing quite deeply, and is
becoming quite flushed, but still she remains quiet, playing at being an empty
house. For one moment, it seems she is about to break the illusion - reaching
out a (shaking) hand, as if to touch.... the teen's breast!??? The twins are
amazed. What..?  But she halts her hand just an inch from the out-thrust nipple,
then draws it back. She turns briskly, as if having made up her mind, and walks
through to her own bedroom, still silent.

For about a minute, she is out of view. In this time too, Jennifer seems to
either be running out of things to say, or starting to suspect something is not
going according to the script she was told about. Surely it must be getting
close to time, that those dammed twins must untie her?' she seems to be
thinking, worriedly. Her movements take on a air of desperate urgency, doing all
she can to remind the twins (she thinks) that her clit is still waiting for its
promised and much needed reward. As much as she can, she tilts her hips to throw
her sex into prominence. It certainly does look very sexy, wanton. She falls
silent, perhaps to taunt the twins to some act, anything, just to see if they
are still there. She cannot believe they could have left, and left her here,
like this.... Perhaps they are just standing around, watching her, doing
themselves again? How long has it been, anyway? It seems like a long time?

Her mother re-enters the room, and the twins barely stifle a revealing gasp. She
is naked. Carrying a camera and a small carry bag in one hand, the other hand's
fingers busily delving at her own cunt as she walks. She readies the camera (two
hands) and proceeds to take a whole series of photos of the naked teen. Room
shots, close-ups, cunt, arse, face, breasts, handcuffs, the clever rope
arrangements, everything. Alan records her at this. That completed, she stands
back again and contemplates the girl, while again working at her cunt, and this
time nipples, this time very vigorously. There is no doubt about it, this is
turning very odd. To the twins, she has always seemed quite an ancient, but now
they find that unclothed, she is still a shapely woman. Her breasts are hanging
lower than they once must have, but are still large, fully rounded, with
strikingly large projecting nipples in dark areoles. She has a slim figure, but
with well rounded hips, and only a little bit of paunch above a very fleshy,
prominent and entirely hairless mons. Within this is not so much a slit, as a
wide open valley, of colourfully engorged and glistening flesh. Currently
playing host to several fingers of her hand, slipping in and out deeply,
thrusting wide and boldly into the not-so-hidden depths. Petite it isn't, but
sexy.... well, it impresses the twins very much. Fortunately Alan retains
sufficient composure to capture the tableau for posterity.

Then she begins the next act. She takes the jar of much-used hand creme, and
smears an ample amount into the recesses of her so very ample sex. Next, she
really surprises them. She steps over the other post at the foot of the bed, and
tiptoes her loins up over its tip. Then lowers herself with impulsive
determination onto it, promptly swallowing a good length of the wooden intruder
with hardly a sigh. Facing the still oblivious Jennifer, she spreads her legs to
match the daughter's spread. Then a bit more. And another bit. Even Alan,
concentrating on immortalising the moment on film, is awe-struck at just how
much of the post is now hidden from view. Doesn't this woman have a stomach?
Lungs? In reality, its not that far, but it looks like a lot. Ms Taylor stands
there, moving her hips in small circling motions, seeming to explore the limits
of movement now possible. She has a 'fuck me, thats colossal' expression,
crossed with a plain 'fuck me, fuck me' rounded open mouthed silent 'Ahhh!' She
sets her hands back to their work at the coal face of nipples, slit and clit.
Clearly not in a mood to muck around, or take her time, she goes at them with a
will. And with a good deal of solid humping and thrusting up and down on the
post too, which Jennifer cannot fail to feel through the shaking bed frame and
her cuntal post input socket. She is becoming bewildered, on top of the
excitement she cannot avoid feeling as the post shudders and shakes in the long
pent-up fires of her belly. She can tell its coming though the bed, and its got
force behind it. She wonders aloud "Greg? Greg is that you? Come on Greg, quit
it, mum will be home any moment! ....?... Greg? Please Greg, get me off this!
Really, its not ooooohhhh fuuunny! ...... Greg! ..... Ohhhh please, whoever that
is... this is making me feel.... ohhhh..... please, uh, uh..... " She gives up
on pleading, and just gasps and pants as the bed jolts her core.

Meanwhile mummy dearest has progressed to frantic fucking down on the post,
hands a-blur in her sex. Its obvious that she is deliberately whacking the bed
about as much as she can, for its effect on her daughter post-comrade. Through
screwed up, slitted eyes, she watches the girl; going *jerk* with her much
heavier body on the post, and delighting in the teen's helpless tossing about
and moaning as the impact transmits to her lighter hips, more sensitive sex. The
bed is actually being moved gradually across the floor, so rough is her mother's
passion.

Jennifer seems to have been booted back up into the orgasm-denied desperation,
for as her gasping becomes deeper and more sexual, as she loses conscious
awareness of what she is saying, she starts to groan "ohhhuuh! Ohhhhh please..
pleuuuueuuuss! Uuuughhhhhh I need to coooome.... PLease cummmmm I want to cum
ohhhhhHH! OOOOhhhhh...  God I need to cum please make me uuuhhhh cum, let me....
cummmmm OH!...  .cum.... must..... cum.... "

Her mother's expression seems to become more ecstatic at this, if anything. Then
suddenly the older woman is cumming herself. She throws back her head in a
silent, gritted teeth grimace, and her hips lock down hard on the post, driving
an even more astonishing length of it inside. She clutches at her twat,
straining, shuddering. Motionless. Seconds tick by, and a camera shutter ticks
again outside the window. Then a slow massage of her slit and labia, hard
pressed. A long, shuddering intake of breath. A straightening up, and a running
of hands down over the full breasts, belly and thighs. Another sigh, relaxing,
and then Ms Taylor gingerly lifts herself up off the post. She takes a small
handtowel from her little bag, and wipes down the post she just abused, then
wipes her own crotch. Picks up her bag and camera, and pads softly back to her
own room, features an odd mix of satiation and eagerness. She leaves the teen
once more on the unreachable verge of relief, glancing at her devouringly in
passing. A most unmotherly look.

Sally whispers to Alan "Wow! What the fuck was that all about? Is she even more
kinky than Jenny, or what?"

"Shit a brick! What's she going to do *next* I wonder? What do you think, will
these pictures come out? If they do... fucking A! Did you see her twat? Shaved!
And so fucking huge! Want to stick your arm up it? Well, maybe these pictures
say you can! Shit, mothers aren't supposed to do that sort of stuff with their
kids, are they? Damm, my dicks as hard as a rock again."

"Yeah, and I had to shove my hankie into my jeans, or dad's going to wonder
about the wet spot. Better be quiet now, she's only in the next room."

They wait in amazement, and have to wait a fair while - at least twenty minutes.
During which Jennifer becomes subdued again, no longer trying futilely to fuck
herself to orgasm on the post. This time, when Ms Taylor returns, she is fully
clothed, in her usual, staid style. She walks over to the girl, and stands,
considering the naked, pornographic sight. Then she appears to deliberately don
an expression of shocked outrage, and unknots the girl's blindfold, finally
tearing it off roughly, along with the headphones. The girl is met with her
worst nightmare scenario- her on the post, confronted with an enraged mother. Ms
Taylor glares at the girl, silently, arms crossed, back ramrod straight,
quivering with, what... rage? When the girl says nothing, only drooping her head
and keeping her eyes on the floor, her mother after some minutes reaches out a
hand and flicks the corner of the damming note taped to the girl's breast.

"So. No need to try to explain yourself, child. It is abundantly clear. I am
speechless! Words fail me. My daughter.... this... this... unspeakable
disgusting.... behaviour.... For the moment I cannot think how I should treat
you.... you.... *craven*... *SLUT*!"

Another long, fuming pause.

"And you even did this on your *own* initiative! *You* though this up! What sort
of sick, depraved imagination..... I am *appalled*! Beyond any words,
*appalled*!"

Pause.

"I cannot for the life of me imagine how I can continue to share this house
with... with... such a.....     filthy....  "

"Yet, you are still my own daughter, my responsibility, now, it seems, my
deep.... impossible... shame.... a burden....   I must consider what...."

"You shall be punished for this, girl, mark my words! But for now.... I think
you should simply stay as you are. You may reflect on your incredible disgusting
stupidity.... And we shall see what part Greg has really had in this. Hah! Oh
no, my child, no more 'boyfriend' for you, not till I feel you can be... trusted
to behave like a... civilised... human... being."

She stoops down, glaring at the impaled teen labia.

"Good GOD! If you have not *ruined* yourself! I will have to have you to a
doctor to check you are not seriously injured, yet how am I to explain to the
doctor? Surely no one would *believe* this.... Hmm, yes, I will have to....
photographs.... God forgive us all.... And what is this ribbon for..?" She makes
a show of tracing the ribbon back around Jennifer's hip, and down the crack of
her arse, to find....

"Good God in Heaven! I... perversions without end.... you have sodomised
yourself with an innocent deodorant spray! How can that even fit...? Is that
really the length I think it is?"

She grips the base of the can, and roughly twists it, as if to test if it is
really one of those over sized, '50% extra, free!' cans, and not a stubby
economy size one. Eventually, after some considerable amount of experimental
movement, she seems to be satisfied that it _is_ the extra sized can. She
returns to glaring the girl in the face. A girl who is once again breathing
deeply in arousal, from the manipulations of her arse and cunt.

"Aroused! I am to find no limits to your depravity, it seems. Your own mother
investigates the harm you have done yourself, and you find it *sexually*
*exciting* do you?! Apparently! Unless these promiscuous organs you so crudely
employ in your foul game are also lying. Look at you! You pant like a bitch in
heat! Your genitals - swollen, running with ugh! lust, spread open for all to
see, and even that most secret part, the centre of woman's intimate delicate
pleasure, displayed.... _displayed_! in disgusting engorged prominence by your
lewd splay-legged animal pose. Why, if you wish to flaunt it to all the world,
perhaps it should also share in your punishment! Yes, _well_ you should cast
your eyes down, and gaze at which I speak. This! This... this 'clitoris' I
believe is the rude medical term..."

(Here Ms Taylor grips the offending bud between thumb and forefinger.)

"Never have I imagined that any decent woman could so shamelessly expose not
only her womanly charms, but her womanly shames! The weakness by which she may
be reduced to animalistic lusts and desires! That which should be held private,
even from a husband, lest he turn you to a bestial toy for his base instincts.
By which he may take away your mind, and replace it with unthinking primitive
instinct. Hah! I see disbelief in your eyes! Well I shall show you, young girl,
I shall show you the truth of my words. It seems you may already be familiar
with those ungovernable lusts, but we shall see. Girl, who is the master of your
body? Who? Is it you? Do you direct your corporeal form, or does some other?
Answer me."

The girl looks up, confused. As if the fingers still lightly gripping her clit
were not enough to addle her mind, now her mother is asking her, what?
Philosophy questions? She takes a punt.

"Uh, its me? I control my body?"

"Only so long as no one else controls *this*" says Ms Taylor, giving the hard
little clit a squeeze. "Give this away, and you give away your body. Don't
believe me? Then I shall demonstrate. Within a few minutes whoever can touch
this, can have you agreeing to anything at all. For instance, I will now proceed
to have you agree to any form of punishment I chose for you. Observe."

Here Ms Taylor kneels down in front of Jennifer, and applies her fingertips
softly to the girl's swollen and post filled sex. With face only inches from the
immovably pegged cunt, and its glistening lips bulging around the thick wooden
post, the woman begins a skilful manipulation of the sensitive flesh. She
concentrates on Jennifer's stiff clit, stroking and rubbing it in short sharp
bursts, but with diversions to the surrounding blood-filled folds. She mostly
gazes intently up at Jennifer's face, which is inclined forward to watch the
teasing of her so defenceless twat, her mouth a round 'O' of shocked sensory
overload.

It takes Jennifer several moments of simply dealing with the sudden blast of
intense sensation from her frustrated sex, before it really sinks in - her
mother is masturbating her! Her mother... her so-strict mother is playing her
clit like a skilled lover, and she can't even pull away, not even an inch! Ohhh
godddd... If it... oh.... does her mother know how close... she ummmm is to
cumming? Oh please no, don't let her cum, not to her mother's finger, this is
tooooo.... ohhhhh..... She desperately protests-

"Ugh oh mum! Oh please, no... oh mum, I'm _sorry_! But please... I'm... your
going to... oh please don't... I'm afraid I.. UUUhhhhh! Oh pleeeease! Mum! I'm
too.... close.. don't.... uhhh please don't make me... Oh! I will be good, I
promise, but don't... Ohhhhhh I was already... I couldn't help it, Muuum! Nooooo
oohhhh! uh, uhhhh.... going to... mum, noo OHHH!.. uhhh...

Ms Taylor, carefully watching the teen's shuddering and pleading, smiles a
tight, predatory smile. "I expect you are trying to warn me that you may soon
disgrace yourself in a most unladylike display of animalist orgasm? What,
despite your outrageously wicked behaviour in setting up this carnal exhibit,
and my impression you were previously doing your best to reach that climax,
_now_ you don't want it? Is that right, you want me to stop?"

She makes no sign of slacking off her ministrations though. If anything, her
fingers move more maddeningly in their slippery nest, as she watches the girl's
distressed and reddened face, and Jennifer struggles to reply.

"I... uuuuuuhhhhh really, I'm really uh hhh  sorry... sorry.. yes, please
stop... just let me off... I'lll be good, I uooohhh oh uhhhhHHHH promise.."

"No"   The word is softly said, but final. "There is no point pleading, I have
decided you shall be punished, and this is merely a first step, a demonstration
if you will. Save your breath. When it is time for you to plead, I will let you
know. For now, you will simply contemplate what comes of giving away control of
your body."

She continues to tease and rub the super-sensitive bud and flower of the teen's
quivering, wet sex. The girl gasps and sighs on, shuddering and twisting her
body futilely on the post, for long moments more. Then, as her mother builds her
stroking intensity up in concert with a wave of the girl's moaning gasps,
Jennifer cries out "Ohhhh Muuum! Ohhhh I'mm... oh no! Ohhhhh yes.. Oh thats, I'm
going to... uhhh, oh don't stop... " and throws her head back, her body
stretching tightly.

At this point, her mother suddenly withdraws her hands completely from the girl,
and sits back on her heels. The teen's rising cries suddenly turn from
anticipation to dismay. "Oonnnngh! nnnnngh! Nnnnnoooohhhh! Oh Muuummm!" She
flings her head back down to see the worst - she is left stranded, close to
relief but far away, her blood red clit standing rigidly free in thin air, her
cunt twisting and bouncing as far as she can on the pole inside her, but it
isn't enough. Same as before, it is not enough. All she needed was a few seconds
more touch on her clit, and the joy would have been hers; instead she is stuck
in high desperation, impaled on a stick, like a sex-popsicle. Burning hot, yet
unable to melt. She glares at her mother, too stunned and confused to speak.
Wasn't her Mum going to make her cum?

"You probably thought I intended to make you orgasm, didn't you? I don't know
why, after all I _did_ say this was the start of your punishment. Do you
consider orgasm to be a punishment? But no, if you recall, I have a point to
make. And its this- in just a few minutes, you will be begging me to beat you,
to humiliate you, do anything I chose to you, _anything_, if only I will allow
you to achieve your precious, _disgusting_ orgasm. Now, I shall continue. All
you have to remember, is that I will not allow you to orgasm before you beg me
to punish you however I see fit, to treat you as you deserve, to have you do
anything I consider appropriate to your behaviour. Huh! I should parade you
naked down the street for all to see! Like the common whore you are. Certainly
you can expect a very different life at home from now on. But you must _plead_
to be humiliated, to be punished, before I will let you release your present
lust. And so..."

Softly, carefully, Ms Taylor resumes her tormenting of the juicy, aching cunt.
Watching every tremor, catching every indrawn gasp and sigh, she again inches
the girl close to the line dividing desperate need from delirious pleasure. And
again, halts her just short. Lets her subside a little, then inches her up
again.

By the forth cycle, Jennifer is in a very distraught state. She is frantic,
gasping in great gulps of air, moaning and crying, her body wracked with
involuntary shudders, so strong as to cause pain as her impaled cunt is battered
against the solid pole within. She has taken to a repeated chant, "Pleeeese..
please... uhh pleeeese.... " perhaps too far into sexual stupor to even know
what she is saying.

Once more squatting back, admiring her work, the mother prompts her "Say 'please
do anything and all you will to me', and I shall end this. Or we can just keep
on, if you like." She gives the now grossly red-swollen labia another quick
flicking of fingertips.

Jennifer has finally lost all resistance. She just has to cum, and now. That is
the only thought that can fit in her desperate mind. Her mother's words sink in
slowly, aided by the start of another cunt-buildup stroking. She stammers and
shudders through the phrase, barely articulate-

"Ohhhhh plllesse.... pleaase do.. any... anything ngggg! All.. you will ohhh
ughhhhh to, to    to mee eeeeeh! Ohhhmmomyyyy... oh please let...."

Hearing this, her mother stands up, and grips the girl by the jaw, bringing her
face close to the teen's sweating, absent-eyed face. "So now you see. In only a
few minutes you have agreed to anything, merely because someone rubs your
swollen clit a little. It would serve you right had your nasty minded boyfriend
chosen to gain this power over you. And I wouldn't blame him either. Expect it,
in fact, if he has any gumption, given the way you chose to gift yourself to
him. Hmmmm..... perhaps you should be given a taste of what men will do, given
an opportunity? Particularly adolescent males, with their ever-urgent need to
drain the outpourings of their overactive glands. That if let run wild, would
rape a woman over and over, many times a day.... simply pounding their hard
member into her for their own relief, without a care for the woman's desires,
filling her with their seed till it runs down her legs.... yes, perhaps you
should be taught this side of man. Or rather, this length, and thickness, and
readiness to exploit any available orifice in search of relief. Or perhaps you
are already familiar with such activities, to judge by this object lodged in
your rear passage. Yes, I believe this would be most appropriate..... I shall
allow him to use you as you seem to desire, and with my encouragement and
supervision!"

As she speaks, Ms Taylor has been running her hands over the squirming teen's
sweat-streaked body, till now she is gripping the anal spraycan in one hand, and
a breast tightly in the other. She is twisting the can in Jennifer's arse, as
she kneads the breast. She continues, shifting one hand back to the tied teen's
cunt-

"As for your precious cum..... do you still want that? Would mummy's baby like
mummy to rub her clit till she explodes? Like this, hmmm, only just a _little_
bit more, hmmmm? Just a liiitle bit..... my, you're so close aren't you? Even
just a couple of good hard rubs, that would do it, huh? Well, no. I didn't say I
_would_ make you come. Just that I would _not_ until you begged to be treated as
the slutty little girl you are. Frankly, I don't think you deserve any such
pleasure, and so you shall not have it. Now, I'm going to put dinner on. I'll
leave you to contemplate your new situation, and what you look like to your
boyfriend and anyone else that walks in this door."

So saying, she walks into her own bedroom, and wheels back a full length mirror,
leaving it where Jennifer cannot avoid seeing herself whole - naked, hair
tangled, sweaty, spread-legged, bound, and impaled on her own bedpost. And
clearly frantic to cum, yet as clearly unable to move. The note is even still
stuck to her boob, or at least until her mother peels off the tape and pockets
the note, before leaving the room. She hadn't realised how much her breasts
bounced and swung with every move of her torso like this, with her arms locked
behind her back. Nor how totally obscene the bedpost looks, so clearly shafting
up into her spread wide sex. She gazes in resigned frustration at her clit, so
visibly protruding in rigid, colourful need from her open slit. Five days
without a cum, and now this...   at least Greg will surely prove her mother
wrong, and make her cum.....

There are cooking sounds coming from out of sight in the kitchen, and then her
mother closes the door to Jennifer's bedroom, leaving her alone with her need.
She can hear her mother walking back and forth, from kitchen to her own bedroom,
via the lounge room, but has no idea why. Time passes, and the burning of her
desire fades, a little. If only she could stop herself from looking in the
mirror - the sight stirs the fires anew when she does. What a sex object she has
made of herself! And for her life, she cannot help grinding her pelvis around on
the post, watching the wooden shaft slide and press into her needy vagina, then
pull the hot flesh out as she rises again. The sight turns her on nearly as much
as actually having her clit rubbed!

She hears a knock at the front door, and her mother answering it. Greg's voice,
soft-spoken as usual, and her mother's louder. But she cannot make out the
words. She expects them to burst into her room at any moment, but instead there
is a scraping of chairs, and they seem to sit down at the table, and... talk.
Softly. This strikes her as odd - she would have expected her mum to be really
mad at Greg. She begins to think she is really, badly failing to understand what
is going on, and somehow, this just reignites the fires in her sex. She feels so
helpless, so... about to be fucked, or used. Like some sort of pornographic
entertainment - as she certainly is, she thinks, staring at her mirrored
porn-show again.

                --------------------------

Greg has bicycled over, in the early dark, and leaves his bike leaning against a
tree half way down the path from the street. He is remembering yesterday's pique
with Jennifer, for her obstinate refusal to give him a show of her fucking the
bedpost. Like she thought it would hurt her or something. Even though it was
obviously slim enough to slip right in, if she just tried. Still, he shouldn't
have got annoyed, there's always another day to try it. Pity he had to be late
over today, he'd been hoping to make her do it this afternoon. Boy, the thought
of how it would look makes him hard just thinking about it, even now as he walks
down to the house. Last night he'd had a lot of trouble going to sleep, with the
image of Jennifer standing on tiptoe over the post, its tip just pressing into
her sexy cunt. It had been a real test of willpower to not jack off with the
thought, and his iron hard cock had been a great handicap in the sleep
department. But he'd wanted to save it for after the movie tonight. This idea of
his to keep her horny by denying her orgasms for a few days seemed to be really
working well. She just kept acting hotter and hotter, and he thinks its
definitely worth seeing how she acts after a few more days of the same. He has
to adjust his dick before he knocks on the door - he knew this would happen, and
so wore baggy trousers and a neat T-shirt hanging low outside the trousers. Its
about the only way to hide his thick 8" cock when it is held tight up against
his belly by the elastic of his jocks. Its fat tip actually presses up under the
trousers belt, and can peek out if the belt slips a bit low.

He knocks on the door, and after a moment Ms Taylor opens it. Immediately, as
they exchange pleasantries, and she says dinner is just about ready, two things
strike him as odd. For one, Ms Taylor is wearing her light dressing gown, and
perhaps not much else. It is opaque, but fairly thin material. He has only ever
before seen her wearing it when he brings Jennifer back from a movie or
something quite late. Usually in fact, she wears it to signal that she is
displeased with Jennifer and/or him, for staying out too late, and There Will Be
Trouble. Also usually, she wears some form of pyjama bottoms under it, and with
the collar of a pyjama top also visible. Tonight, there is no sign of any
material creases under the thin, soft cover. He is surprised to find himself
standing in the doorway, cock hard and twitching, actually noticing Ms Taylor as
a female, and discovering the concept that his dick thinks she might be alright
to fuck. Perhaps because in Jennifer's presence, she can't compete, he'd always
just thought of her as 'Jen's mum' before. Now he notices that, although she
must be over 40, there is quite a nice figure there still. And yes, as she turns
from the door, her breasts definitely sway, and bounce back again. She not only
is not wearing a bra, but has fairly decent tits as well! For a moment he
forgets to step inside, as his eyes drop down her hips (hey, nice!) and meet
with the sight of her uncovered legs, from mid thigh down. He doesn't recall
ever seeing her legs before, and thats definitely a shame. She even has nice
ankles and feet. Which are bare! She is walking barefoot! What is going on here,
she never does that?

As he still stands there stupidly, she turns back, and says "Well, come in, and
shut the door. Are you going to stand there all night?" He steps in, fumbling
the door a little, but thinking 'yes, she sure is acting different tonight.'
Normally she is quite chirpy, but now seems... not angry, or sad, but....
serious.

The table is already set - three places, but where is Jennifer? Her door is
closed, have they had an argument? But Ms Taylor pleasantly asks him to take a
seat for now, and she wants to have a little talk with him.

'Oh oh' he thinks. Girlfriend's mum wants 'a little talk' with boyfriend. This
can't be good. Is Jen pregnant or something? He sits down, serious. His erection
is fading fast. She sits down opposite, and dammed if her gown doesn't fall open
a bit, showing a great deal of upper breast and cleavage. He tries to keep his
eyes on her face. She begins talking, softly, as though she doesn't want someone
else to hear. He guesses that would be Jennifer, who must therefore be in the
next room.

"Greg, we have something of a situation here, and I'd like you to hear me out,
don't go jumping to any conclusions. Let me go through it all first, alright?"

"Uh, Ok Ms Taylor. Is there something wrong? Jennifer is OK?"

"No, no, she's quite, um, healthy. There's nothing for you to worry about. I
don't believe you've done anything to be ashamed of, nothing that doesn't um...
come <cough) naturally for a young man of your age. However, I am quite
disappointed in something my daughter has done, and am going to have to take
some fairly drastic actions as a result, I'm afraid. Again, don't feel worried
that you have done wrong - I am not upset with you, not at all. But Jennifer....
that girl... " She pauses for a long moment, during which Greg is
wondering what the hell this could all be about, and what does it mean that she
keeps telling him he is not in trouble? He is just wondering if perhaps Ms
Taylor caught Jennifer masturbating again, and wouldn't that be a laugh, when
she resumes.

"Now Greg, I'm well aware that you and Jennifer have been having sex for some
time." (He feels the blood drain from his cheeks. 'Oh shit!') "Oh, don't worry,
that is not the issue. Doing it is only natural at your age, I believe, and so
long as you are using protection... I am not one of those religious fanatics,
who think our behaviour is ruled by some so called moral laws written by priests
in the middle ages, then pretended to come from the mouth of God. I myself had a
few such affairs at that age! Such archaic cultural rules can be quite
insensitive - why, in some societies, the rules would have had her sold off to
marriage by her age! But I do believe that there are limits to how one should
behave, and certain decorums to maintain. And Jennifer, it seems, has gone well
beyond those bounds  and will need a strong dose of corrective
discipline."

At 'gone well beyond' Greg thinks 'Yep. She caught Jen wanking again. So much
for ignoring religious fanatics, you old hypocrite!' But she continues.

"Quite severe, in fact. And that is where you come in. I have considered the
options, and there are several. One would involve me simply forbidding Jennifer
from going out with anyone for quite some time, even you. However, I don't
favour this, since I know you do like her a lot, and that would cause you to
suffer through no fault of your own. I understand how it is to be a young man,
and it could take some time to find another girlfriend."

Now Greg is _really_ astonished. Could she be... is she talking about him
'suffering' from losing... sex with Jennifer? Her _mother_ is considering his
needs, to regularly pork her daughter? His jaw must have been resting on his
chest, because Ms Taylor chuckles and shakes her head at him.

"Oh, you do look so astonished! Yes, I mean I see no reason why you should be
deprived of her company and, um, sexual favours, just because _she_ is being
punished. In fact... hmmm, how shall I put it? Due to the nature of her
transgressions, I feel that some adjustments to your relationship may be in
order - changes that I, as her parent, have the authority over her to enforce.
And which I suspect you will find, um.... acceptable."

She is looking at him intently, seriously, but on this point her face breaks
into a strange, almost lecherous uneven smile. She half turns, glancing at the
kitchen timer, and as she does this and turns back, her robe opening happens to
slip back past one of her breasts, and settle there, her full breast completely
exposed. He cannot possibly help but notice that her  large dark nipple is
impressively erect. He could swear she did the thing deliberately, and she
certainly makes no move to cover up.

"A few other little changes too, but we'll get to those later. First, we'll have
to go over the little problem with Jennifer.  She was
expecting you over earlier, after school. I'm quite glad you were delayed, since
otherwise, heaven knows how far she would have descended. Anyway, I want you to
read this note. My charming daughter had taped it to her naked breast, in
anticipation of your arrival. Stay calm, I'll explain in a moment."

She hands him _that_ note. It is folded over, and he opens it and reads shakily,
this all being a bit much for his fragile teenage composure. He has to read it
three times before he can think about it, and by then his dick is uncomfortably
rigid at an awkward angle in his pants. He makes to hand the note back, without
comment, trying to look adult about all this. She accepts the note, refolds it,
and puts it into her gown pocket. During which the other side of her gown falls
off her other breast, and she clearly realises, and does nothing to cover up.

She smiles that lopsided smile at him again, and then sits up straight, her
breasts standing out. She gives her shoulders a small shake, setting the twin
orbs swaying from side to side.

"Yes, you may look, I don't mind. As for why, I will get to that. But first, let
me tell you about Jennifer. You may think that her note is just a naughty
promise, a lover's letter. Just that alone, I would have considered unwise of
her, but nothing to justify extreme measures. However, the note isn't a promise,
its an _explanation_. A sort of caption to the main picture. And that picture is
a sorry product of a deviant, self-degrading over-active imagination. An act of
obscenity and abasement that I am very unhappy to find from my daughter. A
behaviour that can only lead on a downward spiral of debasement, in my opinion.
And I'm her mother, so my opinion counts. She has clearly set out to pander to
the most base of male fantasies, involving subjugation and enslavement of the
female, and by all appearances, it is all from her own warped imagination. Now I
know that many people do have odd fantasies at times, even myself. However, as I
said, I think there are boundaries which separate fantasy from civilised
behaviour. Jennifer has gone _well_ past those boundaries. So however much we
might all find ourselves... titillated.. to imagine such things, still they are
dangerous acts in their closeness to the precipice of barbarism."

She stands up, and to his great disappointment, tightens the loose sash of her
gown, which was about to fall open completely. Her breasts are still exposed.

"So now, that I think you may be prepared for the sight, we shall go and visit
my daughter. Bear in mind that she did all this herself, in the belief that you
would be around at any moment to.... to do whatever you chose, it seems."  She
steps over and quickly swings open Jennifer's bedroom door, entering and
beckoning him in. He paces forward, and sees... the sight.

He nearly faints. There is an instant rush of blood to both his face, and his
already spring-hard cock, which has become wedged in a prominent angle as he
stood up, and showing even under his loose t-shirt. He steps into the room, awe
struck by the ultra-horny looking bondage queen his girlfriend has transformed
herself into. She is looking at him, half fearful, half 'fuck-me' smouldering.
As his eyes fix on the fat pole embedded so deeply in her cunt, her hips perform
an undulatory pole-fucking action, that only emphasises the tightness of the
fit, by dragging her labia in, then out. Judging by the clearly erect clit, and
nipples, Jennifer is one hot and horny chick.

He bends down, examining the fastenings she improvised. "These are bits of my
climbing gear, Ms Taylor, but I swear I never asked her to do anything like
this! God Jennifer, this is really.... " he was going to say 'hot' but something
tells him to play along with Ms Taylor, who after all seems to be leading up to
something interesting her. So he says ".... really um, extreme! Did you actually
think this all up yourself?"

She finds she cannot bring herself to speak, to answer, naked, in front of both
her lover and her mother. And why is mum walking around with her robe open, and
why are her nipples sticking out? What did those two do in the kitchen?

Ms Taylor shakes her head, and addresses the pair. "Greg, I have already
established with Jennifer that she will accept _whatever_ punishments I chose
for her, and in general do exactly as I say. Now, I have decided since she
wishes to play at submission to the male, she should learn what that truly
implies. Accordingly, since this requires that she is _actually_ under the
direction of a male, and I feel you are a reasonably level headed young man, I
am from this moment granting you the same authority over her as mine. Umm...
(here she hesitates, then seems to come to a conclusion that surprises even her)
Ummm, in fact, I want her to experience the full, untempered character of male
domination, and so... so I actually give you _complete_ control of my daughter.
Obviously, it wouldn't stand up in court,  so you must be careful what you do,
and what you let other people see, but as far as I am concerned, inside these
walls, and outside too, you are her master, guardian, lover, owner, whatever.
You can do whatever you like to her, without causing actual permanent injury.
You can have her do anything you like, and I mean _anything_. At any time. Only
she must not have her school studies seriously disrupted. .....Um, but that
doesn't exclude using unusual means to _encourage_ her to study....

But before you knock yourself out, I have a couple of other suggestions to make.
One, I hope you agree with me that this experience should be a a punishment for
her. She has been a very, very naughty girl. For one thing, I don't think she
should be allowed to receive very much, if any, sexual pleasure for the
duration. It seems from the note that she has already been 'deprived' for a
whole five days! Five days! My god there are women who never have an orgasm for
five years, and my daughter feels driven to... to this after less than a week!
So far, since tying herself up like this, I have still not allowed her relief.
In fact, I have deliberately honed her neediness. I suggest that condition be
extended indefinitely, if only to put things in perspective for her.

Which brings us to you. I am well aware that you have the typical, strong
desires of a teenage male, and no doubt will need frequent sexual congr... oh
hell, frequent fucking. Especially since I'm sure this unusual situation will be
often on your mind, and we can't have you walking around in public  looking like
that."  She points at his solidly tented pants, with a grin to reassure him.

"Yet, if you are to be able to carefully consider Jeniffer's corrections, and
how she is to be managed for her own betterment, it will sometimes be difficult
to achieve desired results while at the same time fucking her over and over for
your own pleasure. Even if denied orgasm, she would no doubt still derive some
pleasure from the act, no matter how it is done.

Also, for you to achieve the full delicacy of control that will be most
effective in her correction, I feel you will benefit from some careful
instruction from me in the finer points of feminine anatomy and stimulation. Of
course, since such instruction must necessarily progress through the full scale
of response, including orgasm, and we (hopefully) agree that orgasms are not to
be a significant part of her treatment, then you will need someone else to tutor
you and on whom to practice such techniques. As well as someone with which you
can relieve your own needs at those times when Jennifer's correction prevents
your use of her body for this."

Here Ms Taylor stands facing Greg, and unties the sash of her gown, holding it
closed still.

"It would definitely be best if we kept this whole thing a secret among just us
three, don't you think? So.... I believe that, for my daughter's sake, I am
obliged to offer myself as your female anatomy tutor and um... surrogate sexual
partner. At least till we judge Jennifer's correction is complete."

At the end of this speech, she rather nervously opens the front of her night
gown wide, and slips it off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. She is
completely naked under it. Not just naked, but completely shaved as well. A very
fine sort of shaved, naked, too, for her figure is exceptional. Slimly built,
yet there are smooth womanly curves everywhere. She is voluptuous, but without
any misplaced padding, except a tiny bit perhaps on her belly. As he stares in
awe at her, she grins that grin again, and shifts her feet wide apart, much as
Jennifer is spread, and thrusts her hips forward. This brings her impressive
cunt, with its wide, deep slash between prominent thick labia, into even greater
prominence.

"So, think it over. I'm not granting an 'anything goes' deal on this model, but
all reasonable offers will be favourably considered. Its an earlier edition, but
still goes well. Has been in storage for nearly five years, just building up
steam. Definitely needs a good regular pistoning, to avoid regrettable incidents
with excess steam."

She glances at Jennifer's bed briefly, shakes her head. Then turns back to Greg.
Both he and Jennifer are staring at her, amazed. He staring mostly at her
snatch, she at her mum's face.

Nobody speaks for a long time. Greg is too stunned to speak, or act, and just
stands, alternately staring at Jennifer and her mother. Its a lot to take in,
and he can't help suspecting this offer is some kind of trick, or test, or
something. At face value, its just _too_ good, a wet dream in the flesh. His
girlfriend, offered by her mother as a sex slave! And her mother - he'd not
realised she could have looked so good naked, or that she'd....    He can't help
looking back and forwards at the two naked, so different twats, comparing. One a
new sight, and the other with that pole...

Ms Taylor is thinking that perhaps the boy is feeling a bit too much sympathy
for the nasty girl, and maybe isn't taking her offer as seriously as he... as he
_must_. Staring at his very well tented pants, she thinks that yes, he _must_
take her offer, for the sake of her daughter's future! Regardless of the wetness
she feels in her own sex, and how that poor, generally  neglected passage is
twitching and swelling at the thought of him using her, still she is doing this
not for herself, but as a necessary sacrifice for her little girl. She can't
help these animal instinct reactions of her body - after so many years of
abstinence. Looking at the wanton girl, she feels a wave of hot, giddying anger
rise up in her, and on impulse decides that more should be done, right now, to
ensure this goes as it should.

"Actually Greg, just before you arrived I was about to teach her a good old
fashioned lesson. I was looking for a strap to use on her, but we seem to be a
bit short of them. Your belt though... that looks about right to redden her
bottom a bit. Would you like to do that? We'll have to take her off that for
dinner, but it seems appropriate to give her a painful memory of her disgusting
action, don't you think? Here, why don't you take those pants off - I'll
help..."

She steps close to him, pressing against him from the side, and works his belt
buckle loose, slipping the belt free. She hands it to him to hold, as she kneels
down beside him and unzips his fly. "Wouldn't you rather be out of these? This
looks very uncomfortable." She bends lower, and undoes his shoe laces. "I think
if you are going to do this, if we are going to do this, then to get comfortable
with it we should _all_ be naked, don't you think?" She pulls his ankle up, and
he obliges, as she slips off one shoe, and that pants leg. Then the other side.
His erection is long enough to actually pull the waist elastic of his jocks away
from his stomach, and leaning her head forward, she gazes longingly down into
the gap at her first sight of his prong. Caressing the taught lines of the cloth
pyramid enclosing the religious icon of desire. She looks up at his face,
questioning. "Yes? OK? You're not thinking of turning this down, are you?" She
begins to inch down the waist band of his underwear, teasingly, her face just
inches from his rod. "You really should give her a really good, hard strapping.
Get her bottom good and red. We could gag her if she makes too much noise. Don't
you want to do that?"  She pulls the waistband out and over his cock, letting it
sproing free. "Actually, there's no reason to stick to just her bottom. ........
After all, she's been a naughty girl _all_over_, hasn't she? ....... Why don't
you take off your t-shirt?" She has run his briefs down his legs and off his
feet, and now her hands have risen, sliding up his inner thighs to caress his
prick and balls. Her last suggestion said in a 'you do it, my hands are full'
tone.

Finally, he breaks free of the frozen spell, and decides to go with the flow. He
suddenly whips off the t-shirt in a gesture of agreement, only slightly spoilt
by his getting the belt buckle caught in the sleeve as he slides the shirt off
that final arm. 'Finally!' she thinks, as he stands naked, a really impressive
whanger presented at right angles to his stomach and swaying rigidly as he
surveys his empoled girlfriend.  He shifts to one side, for better aim at her
back, and Ms Taylor follows him on her knees, never letting go of his manhood.
Thinking what a particularly large, thick 'sacrifice' she will be making in the
cause of her daughter's well being.

"My, you are a virile young man! Perhaps that wilful girl of mine has not been
completely satisfying you? I expect she can be quite selfish in her demands in
this too, as other things? Well, I shall take care of that now. Why don't you
just begin with the belt, and you can stop when you are quite done?" So saying,
she licks her lips, places them around the end of his dick, and slides it deep
into her mouth, sucking and licking as she goes.

He moans in pleasure, looking down at her head, lips buried among the fur at his
crotch. She starts long slow strokes, back and forth. He humms again in
pleasure, then, head back, is reminded of his duty by the sight of Jeniffer
looking appalled at her mother. His mind is suddenly, completely, made up. He
draws back his arm, and lets fly.

Nothing fancy, just a firm snap of the belt across both rounded cheeks of her
behind. She instinctively tries to jerk away at the sudden flash of pain, but
(of course) cannot! The post is her pivot, her sole but inescapable restraint.
She only succeeds in causing an echoing flare of sensation in her cunt, to reply
to the line of fire on her backside.

She too at last breaks free of her shocked, shaken silence, and cries out. "Ow!
Greg, NOO! You can't... this is mad! Don't punish me, please! You know I did it
for you, and so whats wrong anyway? Why... why do what she... you can't be...
not with my _mother_!... " He strikes her again, same spot. "OWwwwww! Greg, stop
it! That _really_ hurts! Not funny... OWWWWWWW! GREG!!! Greeeeeegg..... I
thought you loved meeee..... AHhhhoooooWWWWW! Oh please.."

He pauses for a moment, mostly just to enjoy the wash of sensation from his cock
in Ms Taylor's apparently very skillful mouth. Looking Jennifer in the eye, he
says "Yeah, I do Jennifer. I do love you. But I think.... ahhhhhh.... think your
mother is right. This stuff with the ropes... pretty sick." He smiles in a way
she knows means he actually thinks its _great_, the stuff with the ropes. "But
you know... what guy wouldn't take this deal? I'm sure it will all work out in
the end. In the meantime.... I like this 'do anything' stuff... like it a lot.
Sorry. You'll live. And you know what? I think you'll _like_ it. I've known for
a while that you get a kick out of being made to do things. So lets see how this
goes. And just now, you'll stop that yelling, or I'll do this on your breasts.
You want that?"

He gives her a very light warning strap across the breasts, sharp enough to make
her catch her breath. She looks down, at the faintly reddening band across her
breasts, and shakes her head 'no'. His next shot is back across her rear, and
she jerks, clenching her teeth, but holds her cry. She couldn't help noticing,
looking down, that her sex and clit are back in fully swollen, open display.
_Why_ does this pain in her rear seem to pour fuel on the aching need in her
loins? Ohhhhh GOD she needs to come so badly!  Arrrggghhh-another! Is he really
going to keep doing this until.. until her mum sucks him off?!

To which the answer seems to be, yes indeed. He keeps it up, neither wildly
violent, or ineffectually distracted, steadily laying down welt after welt, as
he clearly draws closer to spewing into the older woman's busy mouth. Now and
then he pauses, engrossed in the feelings, holding her head with both hands as
she works his dick. Then resumes on the girl, working the banded welts up her
arms and back, and down her thighs. Once she cries out loudly, and he carries
out his threat - laying a real welt over her breasts. She yells and sobs,
twisting futilely, and he watches till she is quiet, then resumes on her thighs.
She manages to hold her tongue after that, though softly sobbing, with her eyes
running tears.

The time comes, when he is taken with tremors, and, gasping, stops his strikes
to concentrate on the pleasure of his oral servicing. With thrusting hips, he
grips the kneeling mother's head firmly, and jerks himself deep into her.
Holding her there as his reservoir clenches long, then spasms, pulsing jets of
thick cum deep into her throat.

Finished, he releases her, and she sits back, coughing and clearing her throat,
out of breath. She savours the strong, salty taste - it was something she always
loved, Lord forgive her. Greg tosses the belt onto the bed, and steps close to
Jennifer, running his hands softly over her. The marks are not so bad as raised
welts, more just darker red stripes, on her generally rosy flushed skin. He
wipes her tears, teases her stony nipples, then runs his fingers around the
edges of her spectacularly aroused cunt.

"I bet you really want to cum now, huh? Even with that post up you, you can't
come without diddling this, huh? How very unfortunate for you. I can see thats
going to cause you some grief from now on." He carefully feels the state of her
clit. "Wow, its really hard, isn't it? You really didn't cum yet, since last
week!? ....... " He waits, expecting a reply. Silence, with her head drooping.
"Really, didn't you?" He twists a nipple firmly, demanding.

"Oh! Nooo! No I didn't cum, OK?  Thats what you wanted, right? You..."

"Sure did! It makes you look _so_ sexy, when its hard and sticking out like
this, all red and wet. I love to look at it like that. And the way you can't
think of anything but fucking when you are so hot... I guess this finally proves
you can't cum from just something in your cunt. Shame for you, eh? Guess thats
the down side on being able to cum over and over like you can. I've had a few
other ideas I've wanted to try out for a while, but thought you'd.... you know,
think they were too weird, too kinky. Looks like I don't have to worry any more
about convincing you to try them out. I'm going to really enjoy this."

He walks around her again, drinking the erotic sight in like wine. Its even
starting to make him hard again, just minutes after such a great come! He looks
over to Mrs Taylor, who is now standing again, watching him and her daughter.
Looks back to Jennifer. He stands in front of Jennifer, and beckons with a
finger to Mrs Taylor. She walks over, stands in front of him.

"I'd like you to show me how close you can get her to coming, and how you tell
when to stop. After dinner. But first, looks like I'm getting a bit of
distraction here." He wags his now fully erect cock with a hand. "Five years,
you said? Lets do it on the bed here."

           ------ to be continued - some day ------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SensoryOverlord


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





