BDSM Library - Cutty




Cutty
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The mysterious ms Brendan wants a lesbian relationship with Donna, and more...
Cutty



The Blackmail



A fresh spring breeze was blowing through the city. Thanks to the sun it was not
too cold and the breeze was just a short cold chill for the people wandering on
the streets. After the long winter life was picking up again, and with the
temperature finally rising again peoples mood was lifted too.

Donna found herself walking through the crowd a little bit late for her
appointment. She hurried through the alley up to the huge square in the centre
of the city.

"Made it" she thought as she saw the terrace ahead of her "And only five minutes
late"

Donna walked up to the terrace where she was supposed to meet a certain ms
Brendan.

Ms Brendan had introduced herself on the phone this morning as being an
associate of her husband, and as such had some information she wanted to share
with Donna. She had proposed a lunch meeting and Donna had agreed. She was free
anyway as her daughters were in school the whole day, and it was her 'relax'
day, which she usually spent window shopping, or chatting with her friends.

However a too long chat with a friend had caused her being late, and Donna
wanted to be on time, especially as her appointment had to do with her husbands
work. She knew from previous meetings that the business associates of Robert
didn't like it when people were late. And she had had a few appointments like
these before. They usually wanted to do some background checking, verifying, or
just to see what family Robert has. His job as a PR man needed a spotless image.

The lunch terrace Donna found herself on was very well known, Donna had dined
there several times with Robert and with friends. It had a good view over the
center square of the city, and it was frequented by the local business
community, as it was at the border of the business district and the tourist
district, with all its nice shops.

Donna loved to go shopping in the tourist district, and had planned to do so
right after lunch. She knew already what she was going to get herself after she
had done the good deed of 'saving' her husbands job once again.

Donna looked around for her appointment and saw a middle aged lady with
sunglasses on smiling and waving at her. "That must be ms Brendan" Donna thought
and walked over to the table.

"Hello... ms Brendan?" Donna asked when she reached the table at the side of the
terrace.

"Yes" the lady replied. "and you must be Donna? Wife of Robert?" the lady
replied friendly, while inviting her to sit down at the unoccupied chair.

Donna smiled and sat down. ms Brendan meanwhile took a sip of her coffee and
picked up a brown envelope.

"As a business woman I learned not to beat around the bush" ms Brendan said
while she tapped upon the envelope. I know a little about the business your
husband is in, and how fragile his position currently is."

"Also I know about the financial position of your family, with the house just
bought, and repainted" ms Brendan talked while nonchalant glancing at the
adjacent square.

"The schools where you have put your daughters are very good, yet very
expensive", Donna held up her hand to stop Donna from saying something, "and I
do not even mention the new car just bought."

"You, Donna, are not working at all" ms Brendan looked at Donna from behind her
sunglasses. Donna began to feel very uneasy. When this appointment was made it
all seemed very casual, yet this woman now seemed to know a little too much of
their situation, and she got a feeling this was not actually a normal business
contact of Robert.

"With other words, the family is solely depending on the salary of Robert, and
his job is on the line. Five men competing for one position, the losers will all
be laid off."

"Here in this envelope is the key to the sure downfall of Robert" "and I do have
influence on the positive outcome of his current struggle."

"Have a look at these" the lady said and pushed the envelope over to Donna.
Donna by now was scared and unsure what was happening. She picked up the
envelope and looked at its contents.

"Pictures of me, naked sitting in the bath tub, on the bed" Donna immediately
recognized them. Robert had taken them lately for fun, and obviously forgot to
delete them, as he usually does. "But these are not that bad at all" Donna
wondered, "How will this lady use these against Robert"

"The company needs only a small indiscretion from any of the five men, and he's
off the list" ms Brendan replied to the unasked question "They will be more than
happy to use these to solve part of their problem"

"As mentioned I also can help in the positive outcome however" she continued
"and that is where you should focus on" "You have the key to his success"

"Me?" Donna asked wondering.

"Yes, you." the lady smiled warmly, and turned towards Donna. "And it might help
you personally too."

"Look at the pictures" ms Brendan said "What do you see?"

"Me naked" Donna replied "How.." but her sentenced was cut off by ms Brendan
"Donna, please just answer the questions. I will explain everything for you."
"Now back to the pictures" she continued while Donna was taken aback "Are you
happy with the way you look on them?"

Donna looked at the picture of her in the bath tub. No she was not happy with
the way she looked. After two kids, and the housewife life she got a belly,
although if she was standing up straight she still looked good. But sitting down
in the bath tub clearly showed her 'love handles'.

"No" Donna replied and pushed the envelope away.

"And that is where I can help you" ms Brendan picked up the envelope and looked
at the pictures "You need a strong exercise schedule to get back into shape."
She fondled meanwhile through the pictures and showed the one of her on the bed
to her. Donna turned immediately red; she showed the pictures in public! "You
can look so much better than this" another picture "or this." another one of her
laughing while holding her belly.

"Please put them back in the envelope" Donna looked around to see if anybody had
seen the pictures.

"Just listen and do not interrupt me Donna" ms Brendan said, yet she did put the
envelope with the pictures back on the table. "So let me explain what's in it
for you"

"You would like to loose this belly, and improve your overall shape right?"

"Yes" Donna replied.

"And up to now you did not have the discipline to get rid of it by yourself"
again Donna wondered how this lady knew so much of her. She actually did try to
exercise at a local gym, yet never continued long enough, she found the
exercises boring.

"I will let you get back into a perfect shape, and give the job to your Robert,
I'll even improve your overall appearance, if you do as I say" "if not, these
pictures get out, Robert losses his job, the house, cars school for your
daughter, everything will be gone, not to mention the public embarrassment of
all of your friends, family, relatives seeing these pictures." ms Brendan looked
at Donna.

"Shh" she said when Donna wanted to say something "Think about it first, before
saying anything" she smiled again and spoke warmly "You have lots to win, and
everything to lose" "Poverty is around the corner, with all relationship
problems, family problems etc" "on the other side it is Robert having a great
job, enough money for the house, cars, schools, shopping" she smiled and leaned
back " The good life"

Then she stopped abruptly, and there was a silence. Donna's mind was racing
thinking of what was happening and how to get out of this position. "What does
this lady want from me?" Donna wandered while trying to get an answer from the
older female across the table. But ms Brendan just sat there leaning back, and
even sipping some coffee.

"You can ask a question right now" She said nonchalant.

"A question" Donna thought "What can she ask? Why? What was expected of her?
How?" She had so many things to ask, where to start?

She decide to go for the 'what' question.

"What is expected of me?" Donna asked uncertain.

"Let me explain, and be again as straight forward as I can be." ms Brendan
replied. "I am a lesbian, and I fancy you. So I expect you to become my lover."

Holding up her hand to stop Donna from talking once again, she continued "As
such you will do everything I ask you to do. However, I will take into account
the fact you still have a family, and they need some time from you too. So we
will not only date, but I will also be your training instructor and train your
body back into a fabulous shape. Thus we will still be spending a lot of time
together, without it being too obvious to your family and friends."

"Being in a lesbian relationship is not as bad as it seems." She continued
"First of all, men do not worry about lesbianism, and therefore do not notice
these relationships, so Robert will be no problem. Second, it is true women know
best how to please other women. And I would like to add, I am an expert at that.
Furthermore I know best how to get your body into shape, and improve your
overall appearance."

"So what is it going to be: some lesbian fun, a job for Robert, a future for the
kids, the house, the car, the perfect body, or nothing at all, just plain misery
ahead?"

"Just answer with: 'I will do as you wish ms Brendan, and become your
girlfriend'"

She leaned forward to Donna, putting her hand on the confused woman and said
softly "You can always back out and go for the misery option any time..."

Donna knew she made sense. It was everything she wanted apart from the lesbian
relationship, and she knew if Robert lost his job...

"I-... I will do as you wish ms Brendan, and become your .... girlfriend." She
whispered, feeling both terrified and excited.

Miss Brendan leaned back in her chair again, and clearly was happy with her
response.

"Okay 'wise' Donna" she spoke "Let's test if you understand what I will be
expecting from you" Again an annoying sip of her coffee.

"You will go to the ladies room, and take of your bra and panties", "Then you
will come back here and place them on the table, discretely."

Shocked Donna looked at her. Was she serious? She sat there for a few moments
not knowing what to do.

"Go on, off to the toilets" ms Brendan shooed her away "You can always change
your mind over there too Donna."

Donna stood up and went to the toilets still wandering if she should go through
with this.

In the toilets she walked a few minutes up and down pondering on her options.
She did not know how to stop this blackmail, and knew ms Brendan was right that
if she did not comply with her, Robert would loose his job for sure. On the
other side she was arrogant enough to want the perfect body promised. And a
lesbian relationship if kept a secret would be no real problem, might even be
something fun.

Eventually she went into the toilet itself and took of her bra en panties. She
was wearing a dark colored blouse anyway and descent pants so nobody would
notice she was wearing no underwear. And if this got that sick lady off, well
she'd had more difficult boyfriends in the past.

When Donna walked back to the table she saw that ms Brendan had paid the check
already and was simply sitting enjoying the view and the sun. She smiled when
she saw Donna walking towards the table with in her right hand, only visible for
the experienced eye, her underwear...




Miss Brendan's house



When arriving at the mansion of ms Brendan after lunch Donna was not too
surprised to see it was a very luxurious one. It had started already with the
limousine with personal driver. During the ride the lady had received at least
five phone calls from various business associates, as she called them. She had
not really bothered Donna during the ride. Donna had been left to her own
thoughts.

"Walk up to the front door, Donna" ms Brendan instructed Donna "I will be there
shortly, have to make one last phone call."

And so Donna got out of the car and walked up to the front door. When standing
alone in front of the big mansion she thought back on the lunch-meeting and the
situation she was in now. She was still embarrassed about her leaving her
underwear on the table. Although nobody had noticed it at first, but the
waitresses would find them and...

Not to mention the situation she was in now; a forced lesbian relationship with
an older woman. Kinky and exciting on the one hand, dangerous and humiliating on
the other. How far would ms Brendan go with her?

"Ok, next instruction Donna" ms Brendan had walked up to the house and picked up
her key to open the front door. "When you are in my house, you wear what I tell
you to wear." With that said she looked with obvious discontent to the clothes
Donna was wearing now. "And as for now, I would like you to be naked,
completely" she said.

The door was open and Donna was guided into the hall. "Strip here completely" ms
Brendan said while she locked the door.

"This is it" Donna thought "Up to now it was all child's play, now she is moving
in"

"Don't worry" ms Brendan reassured her, " I need to check your body to decide
what exercises you will be needing. She pinched Donna's belly to indicate what
she meant, and turned to pick up her post.

Donna reluctantly undressed while ms Brendan read her mail.

"Okay, what shoe size do you have?" ms Brendan asked when she was finished with
the mail. Donna, busy getting out of her pants answered "7"

"Good, I have shoes that size here" ms Brendan opened a closet door and pulled
out a pair of high heeled shoes. "Put these on". Donna folded her clothing on a
small table and  proceeded to wear the high heeled shoes. "Everybody has his own
kink" Donna remarked in her mind "For now I will go along with the flow, I will
stop when this goes too far". The white shoes fitted her surprisingly well. And
then she turned to face ms Brendan.

Miss Brendan sized her up, obviously liking what she saw. "When you are standing
straight up in these heels your belly does not show that much" She complimented
"And your thighs.." she started fondling Donna on her thighs, her ass, her
belly, her arms, all the while making small compliments.

"Okay" she said when she was finished after a few minutes "Before we continue,
another instruction for you. When you see me in the house for the first time you
will passionately kiss me, like lesbian lovers do." She walked up to Donna
smiling "Probably you have never kissed a woman before, so we do some testing
now. We will stop when I think you are doing a good job at it."

Nervously Donna laid a hand on ms Brendan and clumsily tried to kiss her.

"We do that again" ms Brendan stopped her "Hands around my body" she pulled the
arms of Donna around her "and grab me tight, I'm not made from glass" "And for
the kiss, turn your head, pretend I'm Robert for all I care, and kiss me
passionately"

Under the instructions of ms Brendan Donna soon found herself passionately
kissing ms Brendan.

"that's better" was all ms Brendan set finally, and pushed her gently away from
her. "Look at you, all excited about your first lesbian experience" she laughed
looking at the hardened nipples of Donna. "No no no, no shyness now" and she pat
the hands of Donna which tried to cover her breasts automatically.

"And here is another instruction: after this kiss you'll always say: 'I love you
ms Brendan'" she waited until Donna replied.

"I love you ms Brendan" Donna said emotionless. She was too confused from the
kissing to really put some effort in the sentence.

Miss Brendan grabbed her face and forced her to look her in the eye. "With
emotion, like you mean it." She said sternly.

"I love you ms Brendan" Donna retried with some emotion and fear.

"Again" ms Brendan said, and the sentenced was repeated until Donna was
convincing enough.

"Now one last time with the kissing and the sentence in one and we can go
inside" ms Brendan said, and Donna did as instructed. "Weird weird weird" Donna
thought as she hugged ms Brendan and kissed her passionately, pretending it was
Robert helped, and the said as convincing as possible "I love you ms Brendan".
Imagining it was Robert she was talking to helped.

"Very good Donna" ms Brendan said while she softly stroked Donna's face. "Now
let's go inside." She turned and walked in front of Donna into the house. Donna
followed meekly naked in her new high shoes. "This is the living room" ms
Brendan informed her, while they entered a large high roofed room. Beautiful
paintings on the wall (all of naked women Donna noticed) and expensive
furniture.

"We go here" ms Brendan informed the naked Donna and guided her to a corridor.

"All these pictures are girlfriends, or former girlfriends" she smiled proudly,
as Donna looked at the large amount of pictures hanging on the walls of the
corridor. All pictures were of naked, or partially naked women. She even noticed
some pictures with several women on it, having sex, and a few with women having
sex with men.

"All of them signed personally" ms Brendan explained "I like these gifts, and my
girlfriends know that." She stood still to admire all the pictures. Donna just
looked amazed "I will never have myself exposed like this" she thought when she
looked at all the naked women. All were smiling into the camera even if they
were obviously hurt by the things they were doing. Some women were being taken
by other women with huge strap-on dildo's, some women just masturbated, with or
without dildo's, and some were even being gang banged by several man, even black
man!

"Don't worry" ms Brendan assured a obviously disgusted Donna "All these pictures
are taken with the consent of the women, and they even signed them, look." She
pointed to all the signatures, some even with remarks as "Forever yours" "love"
etc.

"Yours will not be here if you do not want to. These are only for the
girlfriends that really learned to trust me and wanted to give something in
return."

"Come" she took Donna's hand and took her through the corridor into a large
exercise room. "Here we are"

"You will train here regularly. I have seen your fat and know exactly how to get
rid of it, we'll even fine-tune your overall posture. That's where the heels are
for too. You walk up straight with them, instead of bending over. You do that."

She walked to a lifting machine. "Come here" she said to Donna. Donna relieved
to be out of the disturbing corridor walked towards her "Give me your arms" and
Donna did. Before she new it she had to clamps around her wrists and was being
hoisted up.

"This machine is for the belly" ms Brendan spoke matter of factually, while
Donna looked at her with wide eyes, surprised at how easy she was tied up and
hanging in the work out machine.

"Oh before I forget" ms Brendan said, and pinched Donna's left nipple hard.
Donna tried to scream, but the moment her mouth was half open a rubber was
inserted into it, and it inflated rapidly.

"A ball gag" ms Brendan said while petting the cheek of Donna. "I'd like you to
be silent and just concentrating on the exercise." Then she put some ankle cuffs
on Donna a spread her legs.

"I do not like hairy pussies" ms Brendan spoke sternly "You will keep yours
totally bald, unless I fancy another dirty look" she was fetching a shaving kit.

"I will now shave you bald, so keep still" she said while applying the shaving
cream on Donna's vagina.

"No" Donna screamed in her mind, "This has gone too far" she looked franticly
around for someone or something to help her. Finding none she started wriggling
to get out of her bondage. A sharp pain in her vagina stopped her.

"Now you've done it" ms Brendan said angrily while taking a step back, holding
up a bloody shaving knife. "You cut yourself badly my dear" she looked up at the
face of Donna " I told you to hold still" she angrily waved the bloody knife at
her "You must learn to listen to me and follow my instruction to the letter" She
pointed down to Donna' vagina " This is a very bad cut Donna" "Very bad".

Donna looked scared and painful at ms Brendan, who did not make any attempt to
get her out of her bondage. "Get me out" Donna screamed, but was silenced by the
ball gag "Oh God it hurts" She wriggled to get loose.

"That will only hurt you more and rip yourself open down there" ms Brendan
informed her while she laid her shaving kit away. "I'll ask my neighbor to help
me out here. You Donna, sit still, there is no way to get out of this bondage
and you do not get off this easily. I am very angry at you right now."

"How could she treat me like some little kid?" Donna wondered, while ms Brendan
walked away. "I must get out, what if the neighbor sees me like this?" "She
can't be serious, I need professional help, I will call the police, I will"
Donna's mind raced at how to solve this situation, her vagina was hurting very
bad, she was strung up, naked with high heels on, in the house of a complete
stranger, actually.

For five tormenting minutes she waited for ms Brendan to return. She found out
that hanging still was indeed the best solution, and was slowly calming down.
She felt the blood creeping down her left leg down to her feet, and eventually
it dripped on the floor.



"You see the mess" ms Brendan's voice woke the silent Donna up "If she just
wouldn't have moved. This is my first time I cut one of my girlfriends by
accident."

Miss Brendan stood before the naked exhausted Donna with besides her a young
woman in her late twenties. They both looked at the mess that Donna was in.

"It looks worse than it actually is" the new lady said, and opened a medicine
kit. 

"You hold still" she told Donna "I will clean it first and stop the bleeding"
She started to work on the cut by first disinfecting it with a cloth and some
alcohol substance. This of course made Donna squirm and shake about. "Still" the
lady just said and Donna tried to comply. "Okay, that is better"

The lady took a step back and looked at the wound. "I think this will leave a
scarf even if I try to close it neatly. It is pretty deep" she told ms Brendan

"Well, if that is the case, it will be a constant reminder to her she should do
as she is told" ms Brendan said, obviously still angry at Donna. "Make it a nice
scarf"

"Will do" the other lady smiled "But it will take some time"

"I'll be checking up on some other stuff in that case" ms Brendan said, and
walked out of the room.



"That leaves us alone, Donna was it, right?" the lady said while she started to
pull out some stitching stuff from her medicine kit. She looked up at Donna and
smiled at her. "Don't worry, I'm a professional Doctor." "You were lucky I was
home" she walked up to Donna. "Here's what I will do. I will give this cut some
stitches. I think it will be around 7 or 8 maybe even more. As said, a scarf
will stay, and as your girlfriend ordered, I will leave a nice scarf, instead of
trying to get rid of it as much as possible." She looked up while standing very
close to the naked Dona. "It is better that way: the scarf will give you
personality down there, and it is always better to do as your girlfriend tells
you to do" She looked into Donna's pleading eyes. "It is very unwise to cross
her. She has powers beyond your imagination, and always gets what she wants."
"And if you go along with her demands, you will find it is much more rewarding"
She started to apply the stitches.

"Try to move as little as possible my dear" she said to Donna who started to
shake again.

Donna looked down at the woman who acted as if this was a normal situation, a
woman naked with white high heels strung up and cut in her pussy. Donna wanted
to plead for a different handling for the cut. "No scarf please" she thought
"How to explain my husband?" "Who is this girl? What is she saying about ms
Brendan?"

"Hold still! I hate to have to tell her you did not behave well" she grabbed
Donna's ass firmly and moved her hips forward, which made Donna push out her
pussy "Hold it like this, only a few stitches more.

"Oh God," Donna thought "This can not be happening"

It took for ages according to Donna for the lady to finish down there.
Afterwards she cleaned up the blood and inspected the wound carefully. 

"It's ok now." She informed Donna "I'm done. This will heal nicely" she looked
up at Donna while still fondling her vagina "Hmm, somebody is even getting wet
down here"

Donna was embarrassed by this remark and turned a bright red immediately

"Oh lovely, your still shy!" she frowned "First date?" she asked.

Donna just nodded screaming "Let me out" in her mind.

"So you probably do not know what you're up for..." the lady pondered out loud.
"Let me fill you in on the basics, as far as I know them, that is. It will help
you adjust, and be more comfortable with the situation." She started packing her
kit.

"Miss Brendan likes you. She chose you to be her girlfriend, and you for
whatever reason, agreed. She is very good in persuading people to see it her
way."

"Now crossing her in any way is not a good move." She packed her last bottles.
"Your cut is probably a result of this. She probably cut you indeed by
accident..." she turned her face to Donna "but twitched it a little deeper on
purpose." She let that remark sink in by Donna "And that is why she wants that
scarf to be clearly visible. You will feel it the coming weeks, and it will
probably always be a tender spot, as a constant reminder."

She closed the bag and turned towards Donna.

"Now you have seen those pictures in the corridor." "Not all women were willing
to be her girlfriend at first. But eventually they all went along and tried to
enjoy the ride, or at least act as if they did."

"The way she can force you to see it her way can be downright cruel" Donna was
listening carefully now, getting very worried about the situation she was in

"But I will back out and go to the police as soon as I have a chance" she
thought

"Now I see you thinking of this being impossible in this day and age, and for
you especially. However.." she looked Donna straight into the eyes "Your
situation is very real" "And going along is the best way. Probably an example is
the best thing for you to understand." "You should look at one of the pictures
in the corridor. The one where you see a women being gang banged, as they say,
by several black man. You can't miss it." Donna thought she could remember that
one. "That lady went to the police for some reason." Donna's eyes went up "She
never made it." Silence.

"As the story goes, a gang of black man awaited her, and they took her for a
ride, if you know what I mean. Then they delivered her here back again."

"Miss Brendan was very angry at her, and gave her a thorough beating in
addition." "She was brought back to her family by one of the black gang
members." "He forced her to have her daughter come into the car, after which she
had to get out..."

Donna looked full of fear now.

"I leave it to your imagination what her daughter went through." The lady
continued "But she became a girlfriend of ms Brendan too, eventually." And again
looking straight into Donna's eyes "Her picture is there too"

"Do not go to the police, that is your worse option. She does not like it, and
it does not get you anywhere. As far as I know nobody made it to the station,
and I am sure she has contacts there too. Her way of treating people is not
always, how would you say, within the legal boundaries. Yet never was she even
questioned..."

Donna was listening carefully now to this younger lady.

"So go along, and you'll be better off." "At least until you fully understand
what you are up against would be my advice. Don't tell anybody, not your
husband, not your friends. If she finds out, and she will, it won't be nice for
anybody involved."

She picked up her kit. "Remember that woman and her daughter. Look at the
picture in the corridor"

Donna watched as the woman left her alone. Now her daughters were in danger too!
She was in a real big mess somehow. She looked around for something, anything,
to help her cope with the situation. After what seemed for ever she decided to
follow the advice of the 'doctor', and go along. "At least until I know what I'm
up against" Donna decided "I want to know if this all is true.."

She relaxed and just waited for anybody to come to her aid. Going along...




The Name



After a long silent time hanging naked in the machine Donna finally heard ms
Brendan coming.

"Ok, now where were we." ms Brendan looked at Donna hanging naked "Ah yeah, my
disobedient girlfriend" she walked up to Donna, and roughly inspected the wound.

"Yes that hurts does it" she remarked as Donna twitched "Never disobey me,
Donna"

"This cut will be visible for ever" she looked up and looked deep into Donna's
eyes "Will you from now on do as I tell you to?" her hand grasped the vagina of
Donna firmly.

Frantically Donna nodded her head, still not able to speak with the ball gag in
her mouth.

"That's better cutie" she smiled. Then looked at Donna again and said
"Cutie....Cutty. I will call you Cutty from now on" Donna looked at hear with
big eyes "That is a nice nick name. It can be used in public, as everybody
obviously will think it is 'cutie' I mean, and it will remind you to obey." At
that she angrily twisted the vagina of Donna, who started to squirm from the
pain. Having your pussy twisted is already painful, but with addition of the
fresh stitched cut it was pure agony. Tears sprang into Donna's eyes.

"Pain my dear?" ms Brendan said sarcastically "Serves you right. Never ever
disobey me again." ms Brendan shrugged, obviously still angry at Donna.

She walked up to Donna and let her loose. "We must continue with the exercise."

"But we have to start slow not to open up your fresh cut" Donna was relieved to
be free of her bondage. She rubbed her wrists, and straightened her legs.

"Walk around to get yourself warmed up." ms Brendan instructed, pointing a
circle around the room which Donna had to follow "But keep the heels on, you
must learn to walk like a lady" Donna was not up for a fight and just gave in
and walked around the room a few rounds, naked and on her new high heels.

The room itself contained exercise equipments of all types. The whole room was
in stylish white and black. And while walking around Donna was amazed at how
clean the room was, even her mess was totally cleaned, no sign of blood
anywhere.

The walls were covered with mirrors, and in all it really looked like a
professional training hall.

When she made a few rounds naked and on her heels ms Brendan stopped her.

"We will focus on your upper body this week. Here are some weights and we start
with sessions of twenty."

And the next hour Donna was drilled into exhaustion. ms Brendan was relentless
and pushed her to her limits. Afterwards she was guided to the showers to wash,
and ordered to return to the living room.

When she finished showering and walked up to the living room Donna looked
curious for the pictures of the daughter and mother in the corridor.

"I can't find the pictures, yet the more I look at these pictures, the more I
find them disturbing" she thought. "But right now I am too tired to really
care".

"Have a drink" she heard upon entering the living room. Donna looked around and
saw ms Brendan sitting on a sofa across the table, pointing at a large shake in
front of her. "That's good for recuperating after a heavy exercise."

 She was thirsty and without questioning drank the cup empty.

"Very good Cutty" ms Brendan smiled "Now sit up straight and listen carefully."

Donna placed the cup back on the table and looked at ms Brendan. Remembering the
remarks that she should be careful with ms Brendan she decided to comply with
the orders. "First find out in what sort of situation I am in" she reminded
herself. "Then we take appropriate action". And thus she focused her attention
on ms Brendan, and sat up straight.

Miss Brendan smiled, seeing the woman in front of her doing as she said. "Very
good Cutty, you are a quick learner" she remarked "Now let me explain how this
is going to work between us"

"The exercise regime will continue tomorrow, so tomorrow morning you will be
picked up by my driver and brought here again. We will then continue where we
left off. In addition my neighbor, ms Dow to you, will inspect the cut in your
pussy again."

She pointed at Donna's vagina. "We have to make sure it heals well"

"By the way, I want you to spread your legs when I am talking to you" she said
sternly when she noticed Donna pushed her legs closer together.

Donna hesitated, "Ah well, she saw everything already" she thought wearily, and
just complied.

"Wider" ms Brendan ordered, testing her new girlfriend's compliance.

That started to hurt.

"Okay, that's good. You are behaving much, much better now. Must be the
exercise" ms Brendan smiled at her own joke.

"As my neighbor instructed your pussy must have some rest to let the cut heal.
She indicated it will take about 8 weeks, in which you are not allowed to have
sex at all. So give your dear Robert the good news. My neighbor will inspect the
cut regularly for any infections etc."

"Now for some rules for our relationship." She continued "You now a few already.
Whenever you come here and see me for the first time, you will kiss me
passionately and declare your love for me in a convincing manner."

"When you leave the same routine is applied, we kiss lovingly, and you say how
much you love me."

Donna looked at the lady in front of her, giving her this strange lecture. "She
looks good for her age" Donna thought will looking at the lady in the
fashionable dark brown business suit. She was wearing beautiful medium heeled
matching shoes, panties, a nice broche. "All very elegant, not what you would
expect from such a bitch as she's turning out to be"

"As for whatever happens in here" ms Brendan said while she saw Donna observing
her "That will be our little secret" "Unless you misbehave, or get me angry, and
we call this whole deal off."

Donna listened naked with her legs spread to show her scarred pussy to the lady
in front of her. How she just wished to be back home right now.

"As for the coming weeks it will be mostly exercise and more exercise." She
pointed towards the belly which was more showing now as Donna was sitting "I
think we move on when that is gone. I can not stand fat women. It just simply
turns me off"

She picked up a box with candy from the table and picked one. "I would offer you
one, but as you are on a diet, no can do."

"That brings me to the rules for you when not here."

"Rules when I'm not here?" Donna thought "She wants me to behave crazy like this
when I am not here?"

"First your diet" ms Brendan said, softly sucking on the candy "No more fat for
you, no more fast food. Just stick to three small meals a day, lots of water."
"Together with the training I am giving you, this should have that belly gone in
a month or two."

"Well, a diet is not so bad" Donna thought "Actually I wanted to go on a diet
and look better anyway."

"Second, I want you to keep a diary of what you are thinking about what is
happening to you. In the diary you will be both very descriptive about what
you've done, and describe your thoughts and feelings about your actions in
detail."

"A diary" Donna thought "The last time I had a diary I was twelve"

"That diary you will bring with you when you come here. You will read out of it,
and explain its contents" ms Brendan finished her soft candy. "You need to be
very clear in your mind about this situation to continue with me."

"And that wraps up our meeting" she smiled at Donna "I left you some clothes to
wear on your way home. My driver will bring you home." She stood up and walked
over to Donna.

Donna stood up, knowing what was expected of her. She kissed ms Brendan again
acting as if it was Robert she was kissing, and then said as good as she could
act "I love you ms Brendan".

Miss Brendan smiled, and teased Donna's nipples with her two hands, and walked
out of the room....




The Routine



"We're here ma'am." The taxi driver said, as he stopped in front of ms Brendan's
house. Donna peeked out of the window to the large mansion. She was nervous for
what was about to happen: her first whole weekend out with ms Brendan.

"Hi dear, you're right on time!" ms Brendan smiled at her as she was carrying a
small suitcase to the big limousine parked in front of her house.

Two other woman were also busy packing, one of them of course being the driver.

"Why so many suitcases?" Donna thought as she got out. As instructed she wore
high heeled open shoes, a short skirt showing of her trained legs, the short
t-shirt ms Brendan had given her which was a little bit too tight, and therefore
showing her nipples a little too much to Donna's liking. Of course she wore no
bra. Her make up was done as she had learned to do at the Spa lately. A little
heavier than she would have done herself, but still acceptable. As earrings she
wore the longest she had. They were a gift from Robert and she had only worn
them on a romantic night out with him a year ago.

"Here you go ma'am." The driver said as he placed her two suitcases next to her
on the side walk. Donna turned and paid the man. The driver accepted the money
giving her a last lusty look, as he had been doing the whole trip. She watched
the taxi drive away with mixed feelings, and then turned. "Time to face the
music." She thought as she sighed.

Ms Brendan's driver walked up to her. "I'll take these." She said as she picked
up the suitcases, and walked with them to the limousine.

Donna slowly walked up to the house. "Should I go through with this, or call it
quits?" She thought "Everything that has been happening lately is so strange, so
weird. I am not a lesbian."

"I would go in and greet ms Brendan" the other lady said as she carried another
set of suitcases out of the house to the car. This got Donna going. "Do not
upset ms Brendan" was rule number one at all times. She had heard numerous
stories of her cruelty, though her own experience didn't go further than the
'accidental' cut in her vagina.

"Actually she has been an improvement in my life." Donna thought as she walked
to the mansion "Without her stern regime the last two months I would not have
hold on to my diet, and certainly not the rough exercises." "Even though I had
to do them in the clothing she wanted."

"And of course the greeting and farewell routine...."

She spotted ms Brendan busy on the phone, as usual, and waited patiently for her
to finish. Ms Brendan smiled at her several times as if to make her feel at
home.

Donna watched herself in the mirror. She saw a strange person looking back at
her. Her mind drifted back over the past eight weeks. How things gradually
changed for her!

She looked at her 'new' body. Compared to two months ago it's a world of
difference. She turned around to admire the person in the mirror, she was proud
of her new trained body.

Donna's mind drifted back over the past eight weeks. It all started with the
heavy exercises. The last weeks she had worked out a minimum of four hours a
day, only resting in the weekends.

The training schedule was set up by ms Brendan herself, but she didn't attend
the exercises usually. That she left to her driver, who was just as merciless as
she was, and a lot less communicative.

The training started the first week with just her shoulders and arms, but as her
cut healed they went down and introduced routines for her belly ass and legs.

"The last eight weeks were exhausting" Donna recalled.

Her new daily routine became like this:

In the morning she bathed and shaved her pussy, then dressed and got Robert and
the kids out of the house. She would then wait for the driver to knock on the
door, and leave the house with her. The limousine would bring her to ms
Brendan's house, where she would enter, strip, and wear what ms Brendan gave
her. Usually just high heeled shoes, but sometimes stockings too. She would kiss
ms Brendan, tell her how she loved her (she was getting better at that), and
then they would proceed to the gym-room. There she would at some time in the
morning be inspected by the doctor. In the mean time the exercises would start.
As mentioned, the first week it was just upper body, as her cut had to heal. But
the next week they moved on to her belly and her legs. The exercises would
exhaust her enormously. Donna was never used to this kind of heavy labor, and ms
Brendan's routines were tough on her.

She got no mercy, up to the afternoon, when she would lunch together with ms
Brendan. At those moments ms Brendan became more like a caring friend. Lunch
itself was great, very luxurious and all fatless. Lots of vegetable dishes, lots
of dishes Donna never knew existed. During lunch ms Brendan and Donna would chit
chat about almost everything, and Donna after a few days looked forward to those
nice moments.

In the afternoon she had to go through the diary with ms Brendan. She quickly
understood what she expected her to write down in it. It had to be a positive
look at her situation, always highlighting the happy moments, the advantages of
for instance the exercises, how great the lunches were. Never was she allowed to
be negative, or voice her concerns about the situation. If ms Brendan did not
approve, the page had to be rewritten immediately, and the original was taken
out and destroyed.

After that she was released (usually the diary check took just a mere fifteen
minutes), thus she had to kiss ms Brendan again, and was given clothing to wear,
and was brought home by the female driver. The clothing she got was always very
revealing and slutty, totally out of character for Donna. Also, after a week of
losing her normal cloths she decided to just wear whatever ms Brendan had given
her before, that way at least her own clothing would not be lost completely.

When home however she immediately changed into something normal. She had no real
excuse anymore for her daughters if they saw her coming in dressed as a slut.
Donna just decided to ignore their stairs, and go up and change. She always was
dead tired too, so just finished up the daily chores without saying much, after
which she took a very necessary short nap, up to the time Robert came home, at
which time she would start to prepare diner. After diner she would clean up, do
the dishes and so on, and then usually would go straight to bed again, leaving
her daughters and husband alone. The next morning the whole routine started over
again.

Weekends she was free from ms Brendan. She used that time to enjoy a normal
family life, bringing her daughters to their sports events, or music lessons,
and go shopping with her husband.

"We are ready ms Brendan" the driver said. She was standing next do Donna in the
hall.

"Good, I'll be there in a sec" ms Brendan answered and continued her phone call.

Donna looked at the female driver next to her.

"Her driver " Donna thought "That is another weird person in ms Brendan's
world."

The driver always wore a driver outfit, which would not be such a problem if it
did not have certain kinky features, which you would only notice if you looked
carefully. But Donna was sure that driver was one of the reasons people would
gossip about ms Brendan sexual nature.

The driver was young, maybe in her early twenties, and tiny. She came about
shoulder height of Donna, so Donna figured she was about 5 feet tall, a little
more maybe, but it was difficult to say, as both were wearing heels. She had a
very nice slim figure, with large breasts, especially for her small size. Donna
wondered if they were real, but she never had asked. Her skin color was a nice
golden brown tint. It perfectly matched her dark golden blond hair. Her hair she
always wore in a pony tail, Donna figured that it had to do with the fact that
she always wore a driver's cap.

Her outfit was what made it all a little bizarre. First the extremely black high
heeled open shoes she always wore, if she would wear any higher heels her toes
wouldn't touch the ground. Her legs were always clad in black stockings, with
garters holding them up. The stockings where up to halfway her thighs, but due
to her very short mini skirt you still saw a piece of skin between the stockings
and the skirt. Also due to this you could clearly see the garters.

She didn't wear any underwear, as Donna had noticed when she helped her with her
weights. And her pussy was not only shaven, but Donna saw a piece of silver or
gold glimmering too, so she probably had a piercing there too. Her short black
skirts always had a small leather belt, and barely covered her garter belt. She
always wore a tight black blazer with a v-cut in front exposing a large part of
her breasts. If she would make any sudden moves her nipples would pop out. On
her left breast she had a tattoo, a heart with a subscription "Forever ms ..."
of which Donna could only read the first part, but she was sure it fully would
read "Forever ms Brendan's". Probably the driver was one of ms Brendan's
girlfriends too, or had been. She never saw them kiss.

Her neck always had a small collar. It would have been a nice fashion thing if
it wasn't from leather, with small silver buttons, which made it look kinky. Her
face finally was always made up in a golden shiny way, pink lipstick, her eye
shadow a dark shade of her golden brown skin color, and the perfume she put on
had that silver glitter in it, so her face, as well as the top of her body was
always a little glimmering. In her ears she had several holes, and she wore big
large hooped earrings, usually more than one in each ear.

She finished it all with the hair straight back in a small pony tail, a driver's
cap, and sunglasses, dark sunglasses.

As for speaking she limited that to the bare necessary. She and Donna never
really talked, and during the exercises where she usually was the trainer, she
kept it to the simple instructions, never really showing a smile or other
friendly gesture.



Donna gazed back into the mirror. After criticizing the driver for the way she
looked she felt embarrassed to see herself. Not only because of the clothing she
was told to wear today. The last two weeks ms Brendan had taken her in the
afternoon to a spa, where she was treated with a complete make over. "Your new
body needs a new look" ms Brendan had said. Donna had been too late to object,
as her hair was already cut short into a bob before she knew it, and she
reluctantly let them continue with the make over. Her brunette hair was treated
so it was a lot more curly, and a little lighter than it was. Her whole body was
waxed, including her vagina, so she was pretty much without hair except on her
head, and her eyebrows, though even those where shaven into a new shape.

Her skin was tanned of course, lighter than the driver's skin color, but still
darker than she used to be, and darker than for the time of year would be
normal.

Her body was oiled, her nails cleaned, cut, and polished, her skin got several
cleaning treatments... She had spent more time at the spa than she had her whole
life before!

"But it looks good" she had to admit "Apart from the slutty image the clothing
and make up caused."

At the spa Donna had gotten specific instructions on how to best make up her
face with the new hair style and skin color. Donna did not approve of the taste
of the ladies at the spa, yet as it was within the boundaries she found
acceptable she did not complain, and learned to apply the make up herself.

The time at the spa meant even less time with her family. She practically slept
only at home the last two weeks. Ms Brendan had foreseen this and at a certain
afternoon three weeks ago had come to her house to talk with the daughters.

"She was very good at convincing them" Donna recalled "I would have never gotten
them to do all those chores in the house". Ms Brendan had explained them it was
only temporarily, and after she had thrown in some additional spending money,
they were won over. 



Robert had gotten the job, and was working late every day, so he didn't notice
that much. Apart from the fact that he could not have sex with her for two
months, and one weekend he had approached her with respect to some rumors he had
heard.

"What's with this new girlfriend of yours" Robert had asked her four weeks ago
"She seems to have a lot of influence on you."

They were sitting close to the sports field where their youngest daughter was
having her practice. They just had some drinks with some other parents, and now
finally had some time alone. Donna had sensed Robert was eager to ask her
something, and the question itself came as no surprise, she was not allowed to
have sex with him because she cut herself, she was constantly dead tired from
the heavy training she received so slept a lot, and they therefore hadn't really
spoken the last two weeks.

"Ah, nothing, she is a very interesting person, and helps me out with my new
diet"  

"What is her name?"

"Ms Brendan" Donna had replied

"I do not even know her first name" she had thought at the moment

"Ms Brendan....ms Heather Brendan?" Robert had asked.

"Well...." She had replied unsure.

"An older lady, brown hair, fair complexion, big breasts, skinny, and extremely
wealthy, lives in the Broneo district in a huge mansion"

"That's her" Donna had thought "So her first name is Heather.."

"Yes dear, that's her" she had replied "You know her?"

"Everybody does, darling" he looked at her "She just happens to be one of the
shareholders of my company... one of the biggest"

"Oh.." Donna had replied, she had known from the way Robert had looked at her
there was more to come.

"Yes, and people whisper she is even one of the most powerful people of this
city. She has connections everywhere, and has invested in almost all big
companies around here."

"Donna" he had taken her hand lovingly "I can't tell you who you befriend, but
be careful with this one."

"She can decide our future you know, she decides if I keep my job right now as
we speak. I told you I was fighting for my position. This friend of yours can
have a big, really big say in this."

"I didn't know " Donna had lied

"No, it's no problem, yet. I just wished you had befriended her a little later.
I do not like to be in the spotlight like this. She is known to be ruthless, if
you piss her off, it might have big, very big consequences for us. Rumors are
she has a freaky personal life style, they whisper she is lesbian, as she never
got married. So all this really worries me."

"Don't worry dear, nothing special is happening, we just click." Donna had tried
to reassure her husband "It's mostly the diet with the exercise that is keeping
me occupied, not ms Brendan itself"

"I don't think you are lesbian or something like that darling" he had replied
"She is just dangerous, everybody says so. And I wanted you to know that."

"I'll be careful" she had smiled at Robert, stroking his hand.

"God what am I up against!" she had thought frightened however "Even Robert now
says she is so dangerous..."



Ms Brendan finally hung up the phone. She walked up to Donna and said "Let's
go."

Donna embraced her and the two of them exchanged a deep passionate french kiss,
with their tongues exploring each other's mouth. "I love you ms Brendan" Donna
said when they finally stopped. Her nipples were now clearly showing as ms
Brendan had felt them up.

"You look great" ms Brendan assured her as she took her by the arm. They walked
arm in arm out of the house "I am so excited, aren't you Cutty?" she said.

"Yes ms Brendan" and actually she was. Or better said, she was nervous like
hell. A whole weekend alone with ms Brendan, a lesbian! She was sure this
weekend they would do more than just kiss hello and goodbye.

 "This way ma'am" the driver said as she guided the two of them to the
limousine. She opened the door for them and they entered.

The door shut, and Donna felt as if her fate was sealed by it.

"Don't be so nervous Cutty" ms Brendan said as she fondled her right hand
through Donna's hair, slowly caressing the back of her neck. "You will enjoy it,
just go along and everything will be fine." "Give me another kiss" and they
started making out fir the first time right there in the back of the limousine.
Donna didn't even notice when they left. As she was overwhelmed with conflicting
feelings "Weeks of no sex must have had a bigger influence on me than I
thought.."




Friday



During the whole drive she and ms Brendan were kissing and fondling with each
other. Ms Brendan lectured her all the time on how she should kiss and fondle
her. Urging her to tell her what Donna liked her to do to her. As the trip
continued Donna revealed more and more of her sexual desires, be it small things
as where she loved to be touched, how to tease her nipples, her belly, and
eventually she found herself sitting with her legs spread and showing ms Brendan
how she would like her vagina to be caressed.

"No don't stop now" ms Brendan instructed "You've come this far, now finish it.
Make yourself come, but continue to talk out loud explaining your feelings, and
what you like" ms Brendan said as Donna suddenly realized her situation. "Let
yourself go Cutty"

Reluctantly Donna continued to fondle her vagina in front of ms Brendan "Well...
I like to be stroked like this, not to hard but gentle and then... "

She continued with the fondling and rubbing until she finally came. As she was
told to explain her actions, or at least that's how she explained her actions to
herself, she finished screaming out loud.

"You've done great Cutty" Ms Brendan complimented her "Usually my girlfriends
are a lot more shy at first. I appreciate the trust you have in me"

Donna looked at her still enjoying the aftermath of her orgasm, feeling ashamed.

"I am usually also shy" she thought "But damn, I needed this. The last two
months you deprived me of sex, and only today as per doctor's orders I'm allowed
to have sex." She looked at her vagina "The cut is clearly visible as you told
her to do it. Luckily it didn't hurt me. It is tender though" Donna looked up
again, forcing a smile. "And lately I have been craving sex more and more. The
absence of sex must have lead me to this voyeuristic performance."

"Come let's kiss again, we still have so many things to learn from each other."
Ms Brendan said, and pulled Donna over to her.



"This weekend will obviously be about sex, sex, and more sex" Donna thought as
she was sitting on the bed of the Hotel. She looked around at the luxurious
suite ms Brendan had rented for the weekend. "It must be the wedding suite or
so" with rose leaves on the bed, champagne cold on the diner table. An open
jacuzzi, with a view through the window of the city, and it's green forest
behind it.

"I would love it if I was with Robert. We needed a little time alone for some
time now..."

"But I am with ms Brendan, blackmailed into a relationship with her, with a
woman!"

Sadly Donna thought back on the last two months. "It was not so much about sex
up to now, it was all about preparing for it, preparing for this weekend." She
recalled "The diet, the training, and the surroundings which reeked of sex
everywhere. That awful corridor, the driver with her obscene clothing, the other
women and men visiting the mansion, it all was about sex. Not to mention the
fetish of ms Brendan with respect to clothing."

"By now I have worn more slutty clothes than I have done through my entire
puberty."



"Penny for your thoughts!" ms Brendan said as she walked into the room. She
walked over happily, looking around the room "Great room isn't it." She said as
she stood in the middle of the room spreading her arms wide. "All for us, and us
alone"

She walked over to the silent Donna.

"Tata, no sad faces today Cutty." She said as she stood before Donna. Donna put
up a smile. "That's better. Now let me tell you what we will do this weekend."
She held out both her hands and Donna took them, and she was lifted to her feet.

"First you must understand that the old rules also apply to this room, our house
for the weekend." Ms Brendan told Donna. Donna understood the instruction and
started to strip. "Good, now in addition we have some new rules I would like you
to follow"

"First of all, no more sad faces, you will always display a happy face Cutty,
remember, this is the real start of our lovely lesbian fling."

"Secondly I want you to obey all instructions given to you. I will expand your
sexual horizon in several ways, as you are very inexperienced. Some of those
experiences will be very odd to you, but I want you to trust me, and just do as
you're told. So, I need you to completely obey every instruction."

Donna, naked by now as she was not wearing that much, meekly nodded her head.

"Third, always answer questions aloud, and address the person with ms or mrs
followed by her last name."

Donna understood the remark and replied "Yes, ms Brendan"

Smiling ms Brendan continued "Fourth, you will always wear high heels. And I do
mean all the time: when you sleep, when you use the toilet, when you shower,
etc."

"Yes ms Brendan" Donna replied picking up the shoes she just stepped out of and
putting them on again.

"You look so much sexier in heels." Ms Brendan looked at the naked women in
front of her.

"We will add some more rules as we go, but these are the basics."

"As for the schedule of this weekend. Well today it is Friday and we first have
a romantic diner at this hotel and than we will go to a club tonight, I hope you
brought something sexy as I asked you to do."

"I have ......ms Brendan" Donna added as she remembered the rules.

"Good, tomorrow is shopping day. I will show you what clothing you should wear
from now on. You have a new body, and with it should come new clothing."

Donna shrugged, "New clothing, what perverse taste will she force upon me?"

"That should take us through the whole day. We'll have a nice little diner
again, followed by a movie, and a special night club. Sunday is our relax day,
we will mostly be inside and enjoy each others company. At night we drive back
to our town, where you will spend the night at my mansion. Monday morning you
will start the new exercise regime, and Monday afternoon you are back at your
home."

"Okay, you are forgetting a few rules already my dear." Ms Brendan looked at
Donna.

Donna put up a smile and replied "I'm sorry ms Brendan. It is all so knew to
me..."

"I bet it is, but there is another rule you're missing, what about a....kiss?"

Donna remembered and stepped up to ms Brendan and kissed her passionately. In
the two months of kissing, as well as the whole ride up to the hotel, she had
become quite good at it. She really could put passion in it, especially if she
imagined it was Robert she was kissing.

The kiss lasted a long time, as ms Brendan used it to caress Donna's body all
over, feeling her breasts, teasing her nipples, grabbing her ass, touching her
asshole, her vagina.

"I am getting hot again" Donna noticed "What is happening to me, why am I so
easily excited?"

The kiss continued, and ms Brendan forced Donna backwards towards the bed. They
both fell on the bed, with ms Brendan on top.  

"Now we are going to make love" ms Brendan whispered and "I will guide you"

And so she did. After some heavy kissing ms Brendan licked and sucked on the
hard nipples of Donna. Meanwhile her right hand was feeling up Donna's pussy,
making her squirm from pleasure.

"Now it is your turn Cutty" ms Brendan said when Donna was on the verge of an
orgasm once again

"What..?" Donna opened her eyes. Ms Brendan took of her blouse exposing her
breasts with bra.

"Take of the bra Cutty" she just said. Donna complied, and soon the breasts of
ms Brendan were freed. "And now lick them" ms Brendan pushed Donna's head gently
towards her right breast. Donna opened her mouth and sucked on the nipple.
"That's good Cutty, now the other" and ms Brendan moved her head to her other
breast. She took Donna's left hand and guided it to her wet right nipple.
"Fondle this one, like you would want me to touch yours" she instructed, and
Donna did.

"With your free hand explore my ass" ms Brendan whispered into Donna's ear.
Slowly Donna got into it, as she licked and caressed the body of ms Brendan.
When she needed no more explicit guiding ms Brendan started to kiss and lick
back, caressing the naked Donna. Soon both of them heated up and Donna undressed
ms Brendan, while being licked all over. Donna started to moan out loud when ms
Brendan slowly licked her way down towards her vagina. Teasingly slow. Donna
went wild and grabbed and groped ms Brendan in an effort to speed her up, but ms
Brendan just smiled and tickled her at her belly button.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, please...." Donna squirmed as ms Brendan finally went down.
The first direct lick on her clit send wonderful feelings through her body
"YEAH, YEAH" Donna bucked her hips as she became aroused as she never had been.

Ms Brendan expertly licked the pussy lips of Donna, making sopping noises as
Donna felt her fluids flow freely.

"AAAAH" Donna came hard, and she grabbed ms Brendan's head forcefully and rubbed
it up and down her wet pussy. Ms Brendan replied with firmly grabbing her ass,
even sticking a finger in Donna's asshole, and licking and even biting her lips
and clit.

Donna felt back on the bed and heaved heavily "Oh God, that was nice, that was
fucking unbelievable nice!!" she said out loud.

Ms Brendan laid herself upon her and looked Donna in the eye. Her face was all
shiny from Donna's love juices. She kissed Donna, making her taste her own
juices.

"Lick my face Cutty " she instructed to the heated Donna, who did. She kissed
and licked all over ms Brendan's face, still in the wonderful aftermath of her
intense orgasm.

Then she was guided down again to the breasts of ms Brendan. "Use your hands too
Cutty" ms Brendan said as she fondled the back of Donna's head, and with her
free hand felt up her breasts.

Donna awakening out of her dreamlike state found herself licking ms Brendan's
breast obscenely, while her hands groped her body, and especially ms Brendan's
ass.

"Do as I did to you Cutty." She whispered as she gently pushed Donna down with
her two hands on her shoulder.

"No, you don't tease Cutty" she said as Donna tried to move up again, just like
ms Brendan had done with her "You always go directly to the hot spot" and so
Donna did. She kissed the outer lips of the shaven vagina of ms Brendan, then
licked the inner lips, and went up to her clit. Ms Brendan grabbed her head and
rubbed it slowly up and down, forcing Donna to lick her entire slit up and down.

"More tongue, dig deeper"

"Circles Cutty, make circles as I did"

"That's good, keep this motion"

And so the instructions followed as the two naked ladies satisfied each other.
When ms Brendan finally came she bucked roughly and held Donna's head thight

"Yes Cutty, Yes cutty!" she screamed "OHOHOOOH" and she felt limp.

Donna didn't know what to do next, so just gently licked the wet lips in front
of her.

Ms Brendan enjoyed her orgasm with her eyes closed, still holding both her hands
on Donna's head, so she actually couldn't do anything else but lick her vagina.

"You are good Cutty" ms Brendan complimented Donna as he woke up from her
trance. "Need to learn a little more so you can do this without guidance" she
sat up and lifted Donna up to. "But it was good, how was it for you?"

"It was.... nice" Donna replied, suddenly aware that she just had her first real
sexual intercourse with a woman.

"Hahaha, from the way you came it was excellent" ms Brendan flipped of the bed
"And this is just the beginning my dear. You have so many new beautiful
experiences awaiting you this weekend." She lifted Donna's face and looked it
over.

"My cum is nicely spread over your face." She remarked "Now take a finger and
wipe some off." She said "I want you to taste my cum when you are not in
ecstasy."

"No.." Donna started, repulsed by the thought of tasting her cum, though 10
minutes ago she had swallowed gallons of it. She was now too much aware of what
she was doing, and wanted some control back.

SMACK. A hard hand hit her face dazzling her.

"You are forgetting the rules now Cutty" ms Brendan said "you have to follow all
instructions."

The look on ms Brendan's face, impartial, expecting no disobedience.

"Trust me, Cutty, this is good for your education into sex. You have been a
boring housewife for too long. As with everything also sex comes with some
disadvantages, although some people really love drinking my cum, or any cum for
that matter."

Donna, shocked by the blow, wiped a finger across her wet face, and placed it in
her mouth. "Salty", she thought as she tasted it consciously "And slimy" she put
up a dirty face.

SMACK. Another blow left her dazzling again.

"No faces, Cutty, always the happy smile, remember?" she reminded Donna of the
first rule. "Maybe we should write down the rules for you, I thought you were
capable of remembering them, but obviously not."

Donna close to crying from the pain and humiliation, sniffed and put up a smile.

"Good, now repeat the cum eating, and tell me how nice my cum tastes"

Donna wiped up another finger of cum from her face and with a forced smile
sucked it into her mouth.

She saw the expecting face of ms Brendan, so she started to act up.

"Mmmh, delicious!" Donna said, as she popped out her wet finger.

"A little over done, but it is better." Approved Ms Brendan.

"Okay, look how time is flying by, we must hurry for diner." She got up, and
pulled Donna up.

"Off you go to the showers" she smacked hard Donna on her bare butt.

Donna jumped and automatically walked to the showers, rubbing her ass.



The diner was at a very expensive restaurant, named "La Burro" at the hotel. Ms
Brendan had reserved a special romantic table in the back of the restaurant, and
upon entering they immediately got a glass of wine on the house. It was obvious
to Donna that ms Brendan was a 'regular'.

Donna was sitting pondering on the events of the day, while going over the menu
card. She wore the black night dress she had packed, as well as the black high
heeled shoes she had bought especially for the dress. Yet she had worn them only
one time, as she and Robert rarely went out anymore. The jewelry she wore was ms
Brendan's however, as she had not approved of the ones she had brought along.
And she had to admit ms Brendan's jewelry suited better; long stylish silver
earrings with matching necklace and bracelets. The silver went very well with
the belt she was wearing, which had a silver colored lock.

She wore skin color stockings, but, as per specific instructions of ms Brendan,
no underwear. With the thin fabric her evening dress was made of she was feeling
naked.

"I am sure when I walked passed that lamp over there everybody could have seen
my naked figure." Donna thought as she looked at the path they walked to get to
the table.

She felt her bare freshly shaven vagina, or pussy as she was instructed to call
it, as if it was directly on the chair.

The showering and dressing for diner had been more a dress up game as Donna
recalled. Not only was she not allowed to close the bathroom door, but ms
Brendan at a certain moment took her time in pointing out area's that needed to
be cleaned specifically, like her ass and her pussy, but she also closely
watched and commented on Donna's shaving of her own pussy.

"And she had brought even high heeled slippers!" Donna remembered. "And than she
insisted on drying me, rubbing me all over once again." Donna began to
understand that this weekend would really be one of all sort of strange games.
Sex games that is.

The dressing was a small private fashion show with Donna showing the various
dresses she brought. Ms Brendan decided on her current outfit after having her
take various poses, some Donna found outright disgusting, but after several
smacks she had done them.

"That's new too." Donna recalled "She now smacks me whenever I do not comply.
And hard." She looked at ms Brendan "Wonder how far she would go if I do not
give in."

But she had, and here she was, totally dressed up as ms Brendan wanted her, from
clothing, to jewelry, up to her make up.

"When you drink from a glass you have to watch for the mark you'll be leaving,
now you are wearing this thick layered lipstick." Ms Brendan brought her back at
attention. "You see, after a few sips your glass is already a mess." Donna
looked at her glass and noticed the smeared lipstick.

"What you must do is force a heavy in print at the first sip, and then carefully
use the same spot to finish the glass. That way you leave a nice sexy mark, not
such a silly streak. Try it." Ms Brendan offered her a new glass "First put on
new lipstick" she added.

Donna did as instructed, and made a nice big mark on the glass, which she then
reused carefully on the next sips.

"There you see, now remember this, will you Cutty?"

"Yes ms Brendan" Donna replied with a forced smile.

The diner itself went quite normal to Donna's surprise. They chatted a lot, or
better, ms Brendan asked a lot about Donna's personal life, and Donna found
herself answering more and more honestly and in detail. She blamed it on the
wine, but couldn't stop herself. She noticed certain questions were checks if
what she had written in her diary was correct.

"That's not exactly how you wrote it in your diary" ms Brendan would say at
times as she answered a question slightly different than she had written in her
diary. Donna usually could explain the difference as a different point of view.
Or had to admit she wrote not the total truth.

As the diner passed the chatting became more relaxed, as both had more drinks.
They exchanged jokes or funny situations they encountered, and Donna totally
relaxed.

At the end of the diner when they were drinking coffee ms Brendan popped the
question.

"How do you feel about being my girlfriend? I mean, with all the demands I have,
and the fetish, the sex we have had now" she looked at Donna "It must be all
very strange to you, is it as bad as you thought it would be?"

Donna smiled at ms Brendan and thought about the answer.

"Well " she started "I am still nervous about where this is going." She admitted
"And I am not very pleased with the smacking." She took another sip "But I like
the way your strict regime as got me back into shape. And the sex of today I
must admit was great." Ms Brendan smiled, obviously happy with the answer.

"I do not consider myself to be a real lesbian of course." Donna said as she saw
ms Brendan smile.

"Woman do not have to be lesbian, we are bisexual by nature I believe" ms
Brendan replied to the last remark "As for the smacking, I felt I had to smack
you to get you to cross your personal borders. You should just let go and trust
me more. No matter how difficult it seems to be"

"If it really bothers you I would suggest you remember yourself you're
blackmailed by me. And next you just act along, pretend to like it. I do not
mind you smiling while you don't mean it. I just mind you not smiling."

"That's a good one" Donna replied "I'll remember that one, but still, could you
hold back on the smacking?"

Ms Brendan leaned over close to Donna "Cutty, as I said, I won't smack you if
you just follow my instructions to the letter. Now give me a kiss..."

Donna was not sure how she had to interpret this remark, was she testing her to
see if she would follow orders, and would she smack her here in public?

Donna leaned over and gave her a wet kiss, without really hugging.

"There you see." Ms Brendan smiled as she looked deeply into Donna's eyes "you
followed my instructions, and no smacking. Even some enjoyment I would say" she
pointed to the hardened nipples of Donna showing through the skinny fabric of
her evening dress.

Embarrassed Donna leaned back and tried to put her dress so to cover up her hard
nipples "Must be the stupid alcohol" she thought as she smiled apologetic to ms
Brendan.

"I don't mind Cutty, I actually like this honest reaction, you little slut."

"Now let's go to the night club"

They finished their coffee and left the restaurant to continue their first night
out.



The nightclub turned out to be a huge disco were all sorts of people frequented.
Donna and Ms Brendan danced a lot, and drank a lot, and checked out the scene.
For Donna it felt like she was ten years younger and still single, and hanging
out with her girlfirends, checking out the boys. The only thing that annoyed
her, but she endured it with a smile, was the fondling of her body by ms
Brendan, which increased as the night passed.

When they finally left the club to go back to the hotel, Donna felt very light
headed, and was in an extremely positive mood.

"Oh ms Brendan, this was such a good evening!!!" she shouted as they approach
the waiting limousine.

"And it hasn't finished yet, Cutty" ms Brendan said in response, and she grabbed
Donna and started to kiss her passionately. Donna, though surprised, returned
the kissing, and soon they fell into the limousine as ms Brendan was ripping of
the dress of Donna. When naked she licked her nipples hard

"Masturbate yourself Cutty" she said passionately, and Donna did, she
immediately got wet and started to moan. Ms Brendan just took her head and
pushed it between her legs,

"Fondle yourself and suck me Cutty" she ordered. Donna started sucking
immediately, and fondled herself to an immediate climax.

All the way to their hotel she licked ms Brendan's pussy and got herself off
with her fingers, under the supervision of ms Brendan who shouted instructions
to her both on how to lick her better, harder, or deeper, as well as how to fuck
herself with her fingers. The drunk Donna ended the ride with four of her own
fingers deep in her pussy, and her other hand pinching her own nipples hard. She
was sitting with her feet on the floor of the car, her ass just barely not
touching the ground (due to the high heels she wore), with her back against the
couch, bended back, with her head resting on the couch between ms Brendan's
thighs who was standing on the couch, sitting on Donna's face. Donna was licking
at her dripping pussy, swallowing it all, while she rubbed her own pussy
roughly, and had her bowed legs spread wide, giving the driver a clear view of
her wet cunt.

When they got out Donna didn't even noticed she was guided into the hotel lobby
naked on high heels, with her own dress clumsily wrapped around her, not
covering her up at all. Ms Brendan and the driver escorted the naked lady into
the lift. Ms Brendan had pulled down her dress and was fully clothed except for
her panties, which she had stuffed into the mouth of the drunk Donna. Donna
still was in a bliz, and when instructed in the lift to masturbate again, she
complied happily. She didn't even needed to be reminded to lick her fingers ever
so often. Ms Brendan and her driver got a free personal sex show from the naked
married woman.

Once in the Hotel room the drunk Donna was forced to lick ms Brendan to several
orgasms, before being allowed to fall asleep.

"Good Cutty, you have done very well" ms Brendan smiled as she stroked the hair
of the sleeping Donna, her face covered with the cum of ms Brendan. "Very
well...." and ms Brendan allowed herself to fall asleep too.




Saturday morning



The next morning Donna woke up groggy, and not knowing all too well where she
was, until it hit her. She sat up straight at once and looked around the room,
and at herself. She was covered in dried female cum, her dress laid torn on the
ground, she still wore her stockings and heels, but her stocking were ruined.

"Ah you're awake" a naked ms Brendan walked out of the bathroom, drying her hair
with a towel. "Just in time, you need to shower, we have to get going. I already
ordered breakfast."

"My family " Donna said "I need to call my family, I forgot to do that
yesterday"

"First shower my dear, don't forget the rules, you followed them so nicely
yesterday."

Ms Brendan stood in front of the bewildered housewife. "Alcohol sure lowers your
boundaries. You should be careful and not be drinking so much." She grabbed
Donna by her arm and lifted her up and ushered her into the bathroom.

"Today we will go shopping. New clothes for the new Cutty" she informed Donna.
"You shower, shave, and come outside wearing these." She pointed to some white
open high heeled shoes. "And nothing else..." and ms Brendan left to get herself
ready. While Donna was busy she heard ms Brendan make several phone calls, and
when she finished and got out of the shower room service had just brought
breakfast.

Donna thought back on last night, and remembered the sex especially, which made
her feel awfully guilty towards her husband. Only now did she start to really
comprehend that she had had sex with someone else, she cheated on her husband
with a woman.

"That damned alcohol" Donna cursed as she put on the pair of high heels "This
whole damn situation. I have got to get out of it. It has gone too far now." She
again remembered how she had sex, and vaguely remembered walking naked with just
her stockings and high heels on into the hotel. "How could they have let me do
that?" "What if management would have stopped us, kicked us out, or called the
police?" she was angry at the whole situation. She walked out of the bathroom
wondering how to stop this situation, yet determined to stop it anyway, anyhow.

SMACK.

"Don't you forget the rules Cutty"

SMACK, on the other cheek.

Donna forgot her whole line of thought and just squirmed and backed up a little.

Ms Brendan stood in front of her and looked at her impatient. "Don't get me mad
now Cutty, where's the happy face?" she reminded Donna of what was expected of
her.

Donna meekly complied "Sorry ms Brendan" she said close to tears, as she curled
her lips into a plastic smile.

"That's better, but not yet good enough." Ms Brendan took her by the arm and
guided her to a wall. Within seconds Donna found her wrists tied up to the wall.

SWATT

She screamed out loud, at which moment ms Brendan inserted a ball gag which
silenced her.

"Just endure this in silence Cutty" ms Brendan said "My patience is wearing
thin. And you were doing so fine!"

SWATT another blow with the whip on Donna's ass.

Donna jumped around under the blows, tears in her eyes, and pain all over.

After several blows ms Brendan stopped "Ready to behave again?" she asked
coldly.

Donna cried and nodded her head.

"Good, I'll untie you than, but remember, any more screw up, and I'll beat you
till you drop."

Donna felt her painful wrists, her back was on fire, especially her ass.

"Go bend over this chair" ms Brendan said, as she picked up a tin can.

Donna complied, and she felt ms Brendan apply some salve to her back.

"I used a flat whip, and did not hit that hard, so no markings are left, just
some red painful stripes which will disappear in an hour or so."

"Will you obey me from now on Cutty?!" she said as she grabbed the softly crying
Donna.

"Yes, yes I will ms Brendan" she replied.

"At least that you remembered " ms Brendan said, referring to her use of ms
Brendan at the end of her sentence.

"The rules', Donna thought frantically "What were the rules" and she thought
back on yesterday and recalled them. At the same time recalled all of her
humiliating sex acts. Her cheating. Guilt set in again, but for now Donna,
overwhelmed with fear, decided to follow ms Brendan's lead.

Ms Brendan gently rubbed the salve on her bare bottom, easing the pain Donna
felt.

"Okay, I have ordered breakfast so you just sit there at the table, naked as you
are."

The casual dressed ms Brendan went to sit on the other side of the table.

"I want you to spread your legs so I can see your pussy" she said "And move a
little away from the table, it is disturbing my view" The shocked Donna did as
she was told, and found herself almost out of reach of the diner table, with her
legs spread.

"Okay, now as you eat your morning vegetables I want you to masturbate. And I
want you to come. If I have the feeling your faking it I will whip you all over
this place. Get going" an obvious still angry ms Brendan instructed.

Donna froze for a moment surprised by the request. She slowly returned to the
living and brought her right hand down to her pussy.

"If possible we would like to see some action today." Ms Brendan said as she was
eating her pancakes as if nothing special was happening.

Donna slowly started to rub her pussy, looking with bright open eyes at ms
Brendan.

"I don't think you are following my instructions Cutty." Ms Brendan warned as
she picked up her whip.

"This is crazy!" Donna thought, but she couldn't think of an easy way out just
yet, so she started rubbing her pussy faster. "Act" she thought, "I will act, ms
Brendan doesn't mind as long as it looks real..." She started to act as she
rubbed her pussy, and ate the vegetable stick in her hand.

"Good girl," ms Brendan said. "Now let me help you, and teach you how to do this
properly" she said.

"Obviously you are faking it right now Cutty." She stood up and walked over to
the moaning scared Donna. "And I appreciate that, it shows you are willing to
please me." She was now standing close to the spread Donna "but this pussy is
obviously not wet" the whip touch her pussy, as ms Brendan pulled her left outer
lip aside "And that is not good now is it. Kind of ruins the performance. Too
fake" She looked at Donna who looked scared and fragile, however she continued
to fondle her own pussy, in a desperate attempt to get it wet.

"Put this hand in your mouth" with the whip she brought her hand from her pussy
to her mouth "Yes, take out the celery stick Cutty" Donna's hand slipped into
her mouth "Suck on those fingers, make them nice and wet, spit on them" ms
Brendan instructed towering above the helpless Donna. "And this", she touch the
hand with the celery stick "we bring towards that nasty little slut of yours"

"N-No..." Dona tried to stop this perverted scene.

SMACK a hard whip on her left breast mad her almost bite her fingers off.

"Do it!" ms Brendan said. "And close those damn eyes shut. Imagine you're being
fucked by your dear ol' Robert for all I care. Imagining goes easier with eyes
closed." 

The celery stick went down to Donna's pussy, and she slowly stuck it inside. Not
too deep as she found it repulsive, and as she was not wet enough.

"Now suck your fingers some more, make some moaning wet noises, and move that
stick slowly in and out that pussy. Rub it on your clit a little too."

Donna did as instructed, feeling the burning pain of the whip mark on her left
breast. After a minute or two she calmed down and got comfortable with the weird
position.

"Now switch, bring this celery stick up to that nasty mouth of yours" ms Brendan
coached her "And those wet fingers go down to wet that pussy of yours."

"Okay, and up again, just spit on it now....more, and down again, rub that spit
into your pussy, on your clit." Ms Brendan carefully guided and watched all
Donna's sexual moves.

"Keep those legs apart, toes down, the top of the shoes may only touch the
floor"

Her by now wet pussy was reacting slowly to the assault of her fingers. Ms
Brendan teased her every now and then by touching her pussy lips with the whip,
or stroking her breast or her face with it.

"Continue eating your celery stick, the next one is waiting, remember your
diet."

"Lovely, Lovely, a little bit more moaning, and it is almost real."

As Donna put on the disgusting show she wandered in her mind to her family. "Oh
how I let them down, what will this bitch do with me?" Donna thought.

"Do concentrate at the task at hand Cutty" ms Brendan broke her line of thought.
"Just follow my lead, and increase the speed of your pumping."

"Your pussy is now wet by itself," ms Brendan lectured "The more you will do
this exercise, the faster you will get wet down there. It's a natural reaction.
And I want you wet on command in the future."

Donna felt embarrassed but she felt ms Brendan was right. She was now wet down
there and her vaginal juices started to pump freely, coating her already wet
fingers.

"Now you can start with the moaning act" ms Brendan said as she teased the nose
of Donna with the whip. Immediately Donna started to moan.

"Slowly, not to fast, it must be convincing. " ms Brendan coached her.

After some minutes of moaning and fingering her pussy a new instruction
followed.

"Always be inventive Cutty, the object is to make the audience thinks you are
enjoying yourself, thinks you're going out of your mind of joy."

"How you feel in reality is secondary. You may enjoy it, you may not. Yesterday
you enjoyed it, today you do not, but for me, I should see no difference."

"So now start moaning some dirty words, and  not just 'hmmmmm', be a slut when
you are getting hot, and let the world now it."

Donna with her eyes closed started slowly to utter words in between her moans.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, that feels good, oh my ...."

"No no no, use dirty words Cutty, dirty words" ms Brendan said "The kind a
mother does not want her daughter to hear, especially not from her own
mother..."

Donna tried again

"Oooh, fuck me, yeaah fuck me good" she had seen some porn movies, and just
uttered some of the crap they usually shouted.

"Better, better " ms Brendan complimented, "but we will have to expand your
vocabulary: use words like cunt, slut, slit, clit, horny, etc,"

And Donna did. For the next twenty minutes she learned to use more and more
disgusting words, learning to simulate ecstasy. When she got exhausted, and
found herself fingering her clit and pumping her third half eaten celery stick
up her pussy, with spit and her cunt juices spread over her thighs, stil spread
obscenely with ms Brendan and her whip standing close to her, she finally got
the approval to come. Or better to fake it.

"Damn it" the totally humiliated Donna first thought "I am heating myself up,
humiliating myself for this bitch," then, regaining her senses "Fuck, just let
me act as if I'm coming and get this over with!" and so she did.

"AAAH Fuck I'm coming," she started to buck like she really was " OH-oh oh,
yeah, I feel it , I  feel it "

When she was finally ready with her act, she breathed heavily from the exercise
"God, I hope this perverted bitch is happy now" she thought.

Clap-clap clap. A  dry clapping could be heard in the room. Donna opened her
eyes, and saw a smiling ms Brendan applauding her, with the whip under her arm,
and a smile on her face.

"Very good, very good, especially for the first time." Ms Brendan complimented
her.

"Good, I hope I am through now" an exhausted, sweating Donna thought "Thank you,
ms Brendan" she said out loud.

"You are not totally finished yet, just clean up now, while you pretend to be in
the aftermath of your orgasm."

"Clean up?" Donna thought and then remembered yesterday's sexual escapade with
ms Brendan, when she made her lick her cum from her own face "She wants me
to..."

"Lick yourself clean my dear, wipe the juice from your thighs, and suck your
fingers dry" Ms Brendan said, obviously enjoying the predicament Donna found
herself in. "And pretend to enjoy it" she added as an additional insult.

Donna just surrendered "What the fuck" she thought angrily "Let the bitch enjoy
herself, I have done everything she asked up to now anyway, this last insult
won't kill me" and Donna put up the last act of her masturbation show.

Ms Brendan needed only to give a few pointers and within 5 minutes she ordered
Donna to stop.

"You must shower again Cutty, you're all dirty from your breakfast"

Donna stood up and wobbled to the bathroom again. Her thighs hurt from the long
time they had been spread.

"Switch shoes before you shower!" ms Brendan instructed from the back.

"Damn, and I still haven't called my family..." Donna recalled as she switched
into the high heeled bath slippers, and proceeded to shower once again.




Shopping



After shower Donna dressed fast in a short jeans, t-shirt, red high heeled open
shoes with straps going up her legs, ending just below her knee, no underwear.
She had never wore shoes like that before, so she had some difficulty finding
out how to fold the straps, but eventually with the help of ms Brendan she got
it done.

"Off we go " ms Brendan said as she held the room door open. "The driver has
been waiting for us for quite some time now."

Donna tired walked outside "Here we go" she thought worrisome as she left the
safe hotel room.

They walked through the lobby, outside to the waiting car. In the lobby Donna
looked at the hotel employees to see if any of these looked weird at her,
indicating they saw her last night arriving naked.

"Thank God no one looked at me funny" she thought as the car drove away.

Ms Brendan was on the phone again, doing some business, and Donna just was left
alone with her thoughts.

"I have to get out of this situation. Sooner or later someone will find out what
is going on." She looked at herself "And the later it will be the more
humiliating it will be for me and my family."

"But how?" she wondered as she looked at ms Brendan, busy on the phone "Without
compromising everything? A talk with Robert, telling him all? No I have been
told not to do that. What friend could help me?" she went through her list of
close friends "None of them" she concluded "None of them even remotely have the
experience or power this lady has. I don't even have a lawyer friend to check my
legal status." Donna finally saw a possibility to a solution "A lawyer, I have
to find me a lawyer, an independent one, and go with him/her through my
options..."

Ms Brendan finally hung up the phone and smiled with pity at her.

"She must think she's so powerful." "Just wait till I have a lawyer and get out
of this, save me and my family from you and you're sick tastes." Donna eyes lit
up "My family, I forgot to call them!"

"Ms Brendan" she immediately said "Can I call my family?"

"I only have a business phone here, and I refuse to have it used for personal
issues, Cutty" ms Brendan answered.

"But I need to call them, they'll be worried sick"

"The only one worried right now is you." Ms Brendan said "Don't forget it is
Saturday morning. By now the kids are doing their sport activities, with Robert
drinking a beer or two with the other man at the bar, watching over his girls."

"She's right" Donna thought

"But I will allow you to call them later, don't worry Cutty. Just behave." The
remark was not lost on Donna.

"If I don't 'behave' she will not let me call them probably."



They arrived at a large shopping mall. They got out and walked in the chilly
breeze to the entrance. Ms Brendan in her usual business clothes, being the
perfect executive, Donna dressed as if it was summer already. The difference was
striking, especially with them walking together.

"Cutty, " ms Brendan said as she guided Donna through the crowd towards a
clothing store." With your new look you have to get new clothes."

"Else you'll just look ridiculous, or just too old fashion." They entered the
large clothing store

"Luckily not some weird adult store" Donna sighed.

"You've been a housewife for too long, so we need to get you up to par." They
walked through the alleys, checking out the clothing, but not really expecting
anything to find.

Ms Brendan walked around constant talking to Donna, expecting her to follow her.
She was checking out the clothing, but not being able to really decide on the
best outfit.

Finally in the summer collection section she got excited. "Here we'll find some
nice stuff. This store always has a good summer collection. Last year's was
fantastic, really."

While Donna reluctantly checked some blouses she went frantically through the
whole collection, picking up blouses, t-shirts, skirts, panties, everything. A
sales lady came practically running to help her out.

"She needs a new style, you see" ms Brendan was talking to the sales lady when
they approached Donna with a bunch of clothing "so we just have to try them all,
see which fits best"

"Cutty, dear, look!" ms Brendan enthusiastically showed her some t-shirts
"Aren't they nice?"

Donna looked at them "Too young for me" she thought " and too small"

"Well..." she said

"Ah, you're too old fashion! Just go and start with wearing these for us. We'll
tell you if it is ok or not." Ms Brendan smiled and gave her a short to wear and
a half cut t-shirt. Next Donna was ushered to the changing rooms.

For the next hour Donna was just showing the clothing to the sales lady and ms
Brendan. The clothes were not that weird, but most of them more revealing than
Donna was used to, and definitely not her taste in color and style. Yet she
really did not have a say in it she knew. She did refuse some clothing which was
just too much, and luckily the sales lady backed her up, but in the end she was
still left with a pile of summer clothing she would herself never dreamed of
buying.

"We'll take these." Ms Brendan rounded up the sale "The new look Cutty, these
are just perfect."

Donna smiled wryly. She had just returned in her 'own' clothing again, the red
shoes, the short cut jeans, and looked at her new ward robe.

"Well if she wants to see me in those..." she thought "At home I'll just be
wearing my own stuff anyway. And it is not as bad as I was afraid of."

"Off you go, pay at the counter, the lady will bring these to our car."

Donna was dumb fold, "She expect me to pay for these? She must be kidding!"

Yet ms Brendan walked up to her and whispered "Cutty, follow the instructions.
You did not expect me to pay for everything this weekend now did you? I already
paid for the hotel, the diner, the drinks, and will pay for lots more. The least
you can do is pay for these new clothes..." The look she gave Donna was clear
enough.

Reluctantly Donna went to the cash register to pay. In the distance she saw ms
Brendan look for some more clothing, probably for herself, while the sales lady
brought everything to the limousine, together with the driver.



"1500 dollars!" Donna walked still in shock "She made me pay 1500 dollars for
things I do not even really want!" They were walking through the mall eating
donuts ms Brendan had bought for them "And I, stupid cow, paid. Why?" Donna was
furious, but mostly furious at herself. She always had been too easily pushed
over. And this was just such a case. They did not have the money, how would she
explain this to Robert? He had told her to watch out with ms Brendan, as she was
from another class, financial class that is.

"So now we have the casual ware, let's go for the business and night time
clothing" ms Brendan said while they passed the food court.

"Those are even more expensive..." Donna thought.

"Happy face Cutty" ms Brendan reminded the pondering Donna "And tell me what's
on your mind" she snuggled up to the lady in the red high heels.

"It's the money ms Brendan" Donna reluctantly answered "It was a bit much"

"Don't you worry about that too much Cutty. Robert has got the job, so he has
some more money to spend, and he should expect some expenses."

"Yes ms Brendan, but this was a bit much" she tried to convince ms Brendan

"Ah well, if money is such a problem, I'll pay for the rest, but we'll have to
make some agreement about it, ok?"

"She speaks so lightly about this" Donna thought "Money really does not matter
to her, and she really can not understand anybody having a problem with spending
it at her pace."

"Well Cutty?"

"Oh, ok, I guess " Donna said absent minded "And that Cutty thing bothers me
still" she noticed annoyed.



The next store they went had some really expensive clothing, and Donna was glad
ms Brendan was going to pay for it this time. The store had actually more
business clothing than anything else. Donna was actually surprised they even
entered.

"I'll explain later, during lunch, Cutty" ms Brendan said, as she smiled seeing
Donna's surprised look. She took Donna by the hand and guided her straight to a
sales lady in the back of the store.

"Hello, how may I help you?" the middle aged lady asked.

Donna felt humiliated by the look of condemnation the lady gave her. "And she's
rigth, you should not enter this store dressed like the way I am." She looked at
ms Brendan, and around in the store "All other clients are dressed normal or
even business like..."

"We need some business suites." Ms Brendan meanwhile told the sales lady "She
needs some upgrading of her wardrobe. New job."

"Aah..." the sales lady coldly replied "Come this way" and she wanted to take
them to the sales section.

"No no" ms Brendan stopped her "We like to see the new collection. Money is not
the issue."

The sales lady's eyes lid up, and she immediately showed more interest. "The new
collection?" she asked

"Yes, Cutty here has a new job which will include lot's of presentations,
meetings etc, so she needs to be picture perfect." Ms Brendan explained as they
walked in the opposite direction "She can't be doing that wearing this slutty
outfit."

"Indeed.." the older lady acknowledged as they both gave Donna an arrogant look.

"Damn! She first has me wearing these clothes and now humiliates me with them."
Donna thought as she smiled shyly, not knowing where to look. "And why would I
need business suites?" she wondered.

But the next hour she just was told to try on several suites, with matching
shoes. The sales lady attitude changed completely when she discovered ms Brendan
was not joking. She kept on ignoring Donna however, as she quickly understood it
was ms Brendan calling the shots. Donna just let it happen.

"Actually, I like these cloths" she thought as she looked at herself in the
mirror while ms Brendan and the sales lady discussed how this suite fitted her.
Donna paraded herself in front of the mirror. "I have had never much of a career
due to my early marriage." She recalled "But although I have no regrets, you
always wonder the 'what if'" she looked at the ladies checking her out "And now
I'm wondering more the 'why'...".

They finally left the store leaving behind a very happy middle aged lady. She
even waved at them. In the bags Donna carried were 6 suites of the newest
collections, with matching shoes, and even handbags. Donna was afraid to ask why
they bought this type of clothing. "Let's have some lunch at the food court" ms
Brendan interrupted Donna.



Lunch 



Donna found herself sitting in the food court amid loud chattering families,
eating a meager salad, while ms Brendan had Chinese noodles with chicken, a real
meal. She never expected ms Brendan to eat in such an 'average' place. After the
expensive diner, the hotel, the life style of her, this was completely against
her nature, according to Donna.

"So tell me, how do you like our weekend so far?" ms Brendan said.

Donna looked around and knew she could not speak freely about the sex and all,
nor did she want to.

"It is different than I ever experienced" she said politically, poking away at
her salad "Damn I'm hungry!" she thought "At home I would have gotten myself a
big sandwich at least"

"A bit more honesty, Cutty" ms Brendan said "What did you like"

"Always this 'positive look' thing" Donna thought hateful, but went through her
experiences the last two days to find something she liked, or could bare.

"The suites, especially the one with the matching handbag and hoes" she said.
She actually really liked that one. "It suits my body, and it is my taste"

"Yes, I like that suite too, although it is the most old fashion one of them
all." Ms Brendan approved. "It goes good with your skin and hair."

"And what else" she pushed Donna to reveal more of her personal feelings.

"Hmmm, the diner yesterday was fabulous. I have never eaten that stuff, and it
tasted great! The service was good, the wine was delicious..."

"It's a good restaurant" ms Brendan agreed.

Donna's mind went on overdrive to find more things she liked "The rest was just
sex." She recalled. She saw ms Brendan with a smile on her lips looking at her
"She knows I don't want to say anything about the sex we had, anything positive
that is, yet she expects me to do just that."

"The night was just a blur actually" she tried

"Oh come on" ms Brendan teased "You've done great up to know, please don't ruin
it now"

"Just pretend" Donna reminded herself "Just pretend"

"Oh okay," she said "I really enjoyed what we did in the car yesterday"

"There you go" ms Brendan approved "But be a bit more specific. I need to know a
bit more about you're feelings to make it even better."

"I'm in a food court, and she expects me to reveal my sexual desires!"

"Well, obviously I liked the...." she spoke softly "licking"

"Actually true" she thought "But still if I had a choice I'd prefer Robert's
dick"

"Hmmm, continue" ms Brendan took a bite, and waved her right hand in circles to
get her going, not really looking at her, but busy with a big bite from a
chicken leg.

"The caressing was good too, but..." her mind was racing to find something more
to say without getting herself into trouble. She knew what she said now would be
used against her later.

"...but the licking was the best, really"

Ms Brendan made some pointing signals, smiling, to indicate her next question.

"I liked you 'm-m-m' me" Donna replied at the unspoken question.

"Now me 'm-m-m' you I hated, I hate to even think about it" Donna thought.

Ms Brendan smiled and finished her bite.

"You have got to learn to be more open and honest about sex Cutty" she stated
"You are way to shy. Yesterday and this morning you've had sex and you climaxed
several times. Don't deny that. Think about it, find out what you liked that
made you climax, and talk about it. The more you reveal what you like, the more
I can fulfill your desires."

"Let's leave that subject for now..."

"Thank God" an embarrassed Donna thought, as she saw several families looking at
them surprised at the remarks ms Brendan just made.

"... and let me explain what we'll do with the suites."

"You told me you would do something for me, agree to an arrangement, as I pay
for your new wardrobe."

"hmm, yes.., ms Brendan" Donna reluctantly agreed, having no choice "Well
actually you blackmailed me into all this" she thought

"So this is what I expect you to do for me: you'll start working for me.." ms
Brendan let that statement sink in.

Donna surprised sat up straight and than frowned at ms Brendan.

"Work? For you, ms Brendan?" she asked.

"Yes, Cutty." Ms Brendan smiled "I know you've studied, though never finished as
you met Robert and got pregnant"

"I also know you were much more ambitious before that, and even a smart student.
Though the study 'Marketing" is not really a very difficult one. It's more arty,
right?"

"Well, yes...ms Brendan" Again Donna was surprised by the background knowledge
of ms Brendan.

"Anyway, here's what I see happening in the future. You'll work for me. I'll
start you off slowly, do some charity work etc, and then we move you into the
real world of business. I need some management assistants and you'll do just
fine. It'll be a though job, but the salary will be great, and you'll meet lots
of interesting people. Different than you're boring group of housewives..."

"But ms Brendan, my family..." Donna interrupted ms Brendan "I've made an
agreement with Robert that I would be taking care of the kids, we both found it
necessary to raise them ourselves. I can not possible go back on that promise.."
her mind was reeling.

"You promised you would agree to an arrangement, well this is it. And don't tell
me you don't find it exciting. Just think about working, doing something more
with you're life. The kids are old already, they don't need you that much
anymore. Time to make something of your life."

Donna actually liked the idea of her working. It would be a dream come true,
although she never really missed it. The family life suited her good too.

"But they won't agree with me working, ms Brendan" she said, actually hoping ms
Brendan would have a solution for this problem too.

"You mean Robert won't agree." Ms Brendan analyzed "Your daughters will be proud
of you, and support and understand you. Especially if you tell them their
allowance will go up. With 15 and 17 both are more interested in boys,
girlfriends, shopping, than staying  home being pampered by mommy."

"Robert is the one that will complain, and you just leave that to me. He won't
dare to disagree with me on this, especially not if I 'ask' his permission. I
know how to manipulate people Cutty, you should know that by now."

Donna was excited. She would work, for the first time a real job! And she knew
ms Brendan could pull it off. So the remainder of the lunch Donna and ms Brendan
discussed her work in more detail, what she was expected to do, where to go, and
she was explained in some detail how they would convince her family. When they
finally stood up to continue the shopping spree Donna was smiling from ear to
ear. She loved the idea of working so much, they would earn more money, she
would meet more interesting people, Donna just couldn't wait.

"How about a kiss now" a smiling ms Brendan said as they stood in the center of
the food court.

The excited Donna didn't wait a minute. She placed her tray back on the table
and kissed ms Brendan passionately, right there for all to see.

"I love you ms Brendan" she said seductively when she finished with the kiss.
And for the first time she almost meant it too. "This relationship is working
out much, much better than I expected!" she thought as she saw ms Brendan's
smiling face, obviously approving her kiss. Donna just forgot her own
obstructions against the lesbian relationship, having a chance for such a good
future made all what happened lately just a mere bad memory.

"Very good Cutty, very good." Ms Brendan approved. She turned and walked away.
Just than Donna saw the families looking at her and ms Brendan.

"Ooops" Donna thought, but didn't really mind that much. She had been kissing ms
Brendan on a daily basis like that, so for her it was all just business as
usual, and she was too excited with her future to really be bothered with the
stares of some hypocrite families. Yet she did follow ms Brendan quickly away
from the crowd.



Afternoon



They first went to a luxurious shop where Donna would get her evening dresses.

"I will let you pick some dresses, don't worry about the price, just make sure
they are sensual. They must show a lot of your lovely long legs, and your
breast, your body." Ms Brendan instructed Donna.

Donna was only too eager to follow up on these orders. The excitement still in
her body, she went through the collections, picking out the ones she felt would
fit her best.

"This one with the split will go so nice with some black high heeled
strap-shoes." Donna looked at the sexy black long dress. "Ms Brendan will like
it, and maybe Robert too."

She chuckled at the fact she actually wanted to please ms Brendan before her
Robert.

"What a difference a job makes!" she smiled to herself.

Within minutes she went back to the waiting ms Brendan to show the dresses she
had chosen.

"Try them on Cutty. Let's see what you think turns me on."

The sales lady looked a bit strange at that remark, but Donna was still beyond
caring. She just went to the dressing rooms and changed into the first dress.

When she got out wearing the first dress, she parade in front of ms Brendan,
smiling happily.

"Do you have any brown or red shoes to go with that dress?" ms Brendan asked the
sales lady.

"I will check: what is your size?" she asked Donna.

"7" she replied, and the young sales lady was off to look for the right shoes.

"Come here" ms Brendan said to Donna. Donna walked over to her, seducing her,
and seeing the effect it had on ms Brendan.

"She likes what she sees." Donna thought, as she waved her hips sensually,
making the long red dress sway from side to side, showing of her long legs. She
walked tip toe to make her legs look longer.

She stopped walking when she was very close to ms Brendan. Ms Brendan was just
smiles "Kiss me Cutty" she just said, and Donna did happily. The lips met, their
tongues battled. Donna pushed her hard nipples into ms Brendan's breasts, making
her feel her excitement.

"I'm not a lesbian" Donna thought in a daze "But this whole thing has got me hot
for sure!!" Their hands explored each other, feeling each others ass, legs,
thighs, back...

"Hmm-mm!" the sales lady had returned and was a bit embarrassed to find her
clients kissing passionately, especially as it were two women.

Donna just smiled and said "Oh, the shoes." And walked over to the girl and took
the shoes from her.

From that moment on ms Brendan used every kind of excuse to send the girl away
to find some item, at which moment she would order the willing Donna to kiss her
again. The whole dress up became a heated fore play, with a voyeuristic touch as
the sales girl every time had to interrupt them while they were kissing, making
out. The girl had told other sales ladies too, as Donna noticed more girls and
ladies working in the shop looking their way, especially as the sales girl went
away for another shoe, stocking or whatever. Donna didn't mind however. She was
in a bliss and as the 'fashion show' continued she got hotter and hotter.

Eventually she was escorted out of the shop by ms Brendan. They bought a lot of
dresses, Donna didn't even know how many, and other items, such as shoes (all
high heeled of course, ms Brendan's taste for those), stockings etc, and when
they left she could see the whole store staring at them, and she almost could
hear the gossip filling the air. Yet she didn't mind at all. Not now.

Outside of the shop they gave the boxes and bags to the waiting driver.

"Come with me, quick" ms Brendan pulled her childish away, leaving the driver to
take care of the bought items. Donna followed as she was pulled fats, almost not
able to keep up on her high heels.

Ms Brendan guided her into the public bathrooms, into a toilet and she closed
the door.

"Kiss me" she said, and Donna, out of breath, did. She kissed ms Brendan
passionately, first only on her mouth, but she was soon guided to kiss all over
the face of ms Brendan. Next she was gently pushed down and she kissed the
breasts, freeing them with her hands, so her tongue could play around the
nipples of ms Brendan. They stood fully erect already, and when she kissed and
caressed them ms Brendan started to breath heavily.

"Oh yeah, Cutty, lick them, lick them.." ms Brendan sighed as she leaned back
against the toilet door. The space was small so Donna had to spread her legs
just to be able to bend over to lick ms Brendan's breast. This caused her short
jeans skirt to become rather uncomfortable, so when ms Brendan ordered her next
to pull it down, she eagerly did so.

"Now finger yourself again... slut" ms Brendan whispered as she smiled and
looked into the eyes of the lovely Donna licking her breasts, looking up.

"Wow, she got me doing this in the public toilets!" Donna surprised herself as
she did as she was told. "Ah fuck, I want to enjoy the moment" and she just
concentrated on having sex, not bothering with the time and place.

Ms Brendan meanwhile pulled her head lower, causing Donna to sit with her bare
ass on the toilet. Donna opened the blouse of ms Brendan fully, and kissed all
the way down from her breast, to her belly, shortly paying attention to ms
Brendan's most adorable belly button, and smiling she arrived at the area
between ms Brendan's legs. Ms Brendan had unbuckled her belt already, and had
pulled down her skirt and panties. Donna licked down to her pussy lips, and
noticed they were already dripping from heat.

"Good Cutty, good slut, make me come, fast" ms Brendan said out loud. A stumble
outside let Donna knew somebody or maybe even more women were outside listening
in. She just concentrated on licking ms Brendan and fingering herself.

"I need to come fast." Was all that was on Donna's mind. "Fast...Fast.." she
worked furiously with her fingers on her own wet twat, as she felt ms Brendan
nearing her orgasm.

"Oh yeah slut, lick me, lick my clit, drink my cum!" ms Brendan said in ecstasy,
as she came. She held Donna's head tight, and smeared her juices around on her
face. Donna could barely breath as she felt her face being coated with the cum
of ms Brendan, and she work frantically with her fingers on her own pussy. "Oh
God" she thought "Almost there, almost.."

She was abruptly pulled up. Opening her eyes, sticky with slimy cum, she saw ms
Brendan smile at her.

"We best be going before the police or local guards get here" she said lightly,
as if nothing happened, was going on. She pulled up her panties and skirt,
buckled her belt fast, and turned and unlocked the door.

Donna quickly stood up and pulled up her jeans too, suddenly afraid of the
reality of being caught. Ms Brendan didn't wait for her to be ready and just
opened the door. Two teenagers and an older lady curiously looked at them.

"Well hello there." Ms Brendan said to them, as she walked towards the sink and
proceeded to wash her hands and tidy up a bit. Donna meanwhile struggled
nervously with the jeans, her face turning a dark red as she noticed the eyes on
her.

"Whenever you're ready slut" ms Brendan said as she was finished. She turned to
face Donna and leaned against the sink, her arms folded, and a look of triumph
on her face.

Donna just finished buttoning up the jeans, pulled down her t-shirt, and walked
outside towards the sink.

"My face," she thought embarrassed to the bone, "they see the slime on my face".
She felt dirty.

The three woman just looked on as the scene unfolded in front of their eyes. A
middle aged woman walking out of a toilet leaving behind some sort of whore, who
had her pants down, no panties, wearing red high heels, her t-shirt showing of
her hardened nipples, actually one nipple was peaking out before the whore
rearranged it, and her face and hair covered with shimmering slime.

The two young girls started to smile and whisper as they understood what was
going on. The older lady just couldn't believe it yet.

"No, we just go immediately" ms Brendan pulled Donna away towards the door,
before she reached the sink. "Bye ladies, hope you enjoyed the view of this
slut!" ms Brendan said in a happy voice to the ladies in the rest room.

Donna was hurdled into the hallway, through the crowd. Her face red of
embarrassment.

"We go to the car, we are finished here Cutty" ms Brendan said, and this relaxed
Donna. She quickly followed ms Brendan, anything to get out of there.



In the car ms Brendan looked at her smiling, actually laughing at her situation.

"You are a slut. Or better, a whore. Just the promise of a nice job, made you
hot and eager to please me." Ms Brendan said as the car drove off.

Donna was just recuperating from the horrible scene. She breathed heavily as she
had almost ran towards the limousine, only her high heels keeping her pace down.

"Pull off your jeans" ms Brendan instructed.

Donna, tired, just did it. "At least I'm safe in the limousine" she thought

"Good, and now start masturbating yourself. You didn't came in the toilets now
did you?"

"No ms Brendan" Donna said meekly.

"I won't allow you to come now either, but I want you hot again." Ms Brendan
said, as she watched Donna taking of her jeans, and fingering herself. Donna was
still wet, though in her mind she was dry as hell.

"Do as I taught you this morning" ms Brendan said, and Donna reluctantly took
her masturbating fingers towards her mouth to wet them some more. She tasted her
own juices.

"Explain me why you did what you did, Cutty." Ms Brendan said after a few
minutes of Donna masturbating and cooling down.

"I- I was excited.." Donna said "ms Brendan" she added quickly.

"And you always start licking women and fingering yourself in toilets when
you're excited?"

"No, ms Brendan, it was because..." she  thought back "because you wanted me
to.."

"So you'll always do what I tell you to do?" ms Brendan continued "Or you just
follow orders of anybody whose there when you're hot?"

"No.." Donna's mind was quite confused "Why did I do those acts actually?"

"... ms Brendan, it was just the excitement, the shopping, the ..."

"So you did it because you was being pampered?" ms Brendan informed.

"Yes, I... think so, ms Brendan" Donna said. Her fingers had hit the right spot,
and she felt herself getting wet again. "Damn, I have to fight this, she turns
me into some sort of slut." Donna suddenly thought "She has manipulated me into
this, manipulated me into humiliating myself, degrading myself. With her
lies..."

"For the record, my little slut, the job offer is real" ms Brendan said.

"As if she can read my mind, am I so shallow?" Donna thought

"As was you're slutty behavior. Let's not forget that." Ms Brendan looked Donna
in the eye "Out of your own needs you licked me to a wonderful orgasm, while
fingering yourself. The fact that you did not come was only due to your lack of
experience with masturbating. You will change that by frequently masturbating
when with me. "

Donna thought about it "She is right, but I don't want to become a slut, it is
she who manipulates me into these situations, like yesterday, this morning, and
in the toilets!"

"Stop masturbating, you're wet enough right now, and we're almost there."

"Where is she taking me now?" Donna wondered, as she peeked through the window.
The limousine was just driving up a parking lot. A large sign said 'Adult shop'
in bright red letters.

"Figures..." Donna thought as she licked and sucked her fingers clean.  




Sex Education

  

 "Come on" ms Brendan said as she practically jumped out of the car "This going
to be fun"

"For who?" Donna thought as she got out a little bit slower.

"Ever been in a sex shop?" ms Brendan asked as if she brought a child to a
amusement park for the first time. "You'll like it!"

"I'm not so sure about that" Donna thought as she looked worrisome at her own
clothing.

"I've seen a few already ms Brendan" she said. "How can she let me in such a
place dressed like this? It's not me..."

"Really?" ms Brendan smiled with disbelief "And, did you buy anything?"

"No..." Donna replied "But I don't need the things they sell, ms Brendan". She
wanted to make sure ms Brendan understood she was not at all interested in a sex
shop, let alone buy items.

"Relax Cutty" ms Brendan put her right arm around Donna's left arm and squeezed
her hand. "I just want you to see the stuff they sell, broaden your horizon once
again."

That did not really calm Donna down. She entered the shop nervously, not knowing
what to expect.

It was true she had seen shops like these before, especially when preparing
bachelors parties, but that was just for fun. Now she felt she really entered it
for sex, especially dressed in her slut outfit, with her pussy still wet from
her forced masturbation.

The shop itself was rather big. When they entered Donna was quit surprised by
its size, her previous trips had been to much smaller shops.

"This is one big outlet, indeed." Ms Brendan smiled wickedly at Donna's
surprised face.

"They have almost everything here." Ms Brendan started to walk through the racks
filled with adult videos, toys, clothing etcetera. "This is the video section,
divided into American, European and Asian. I personally prefer the European
right now, if you stay away from the gory German tapes."

Donna looked at all the videos lined up. On the ceiling she saw cages filled
with plastic fuck dolls, and models dressed in sexy lingerie, leather etc. The
whole hall, as it actually was, was darkly lid with lights, and some soft music
was playing. On the walls big pictures of woman and man in all sorts of
positions, and everywhere promo material for movies, sex toys, web sites etc.
lightened by small spotlights.

It all made for a very descent environment to do some private shopping. For that
matter Donna did not see any other customers.

"Ever seen a porn movie?" ms Brendan asked.

"No, not really...." Donna recalled "Once I started to look at one with some
girlfriends, but it was just not what we found interesting"

"ms Brendan" she added.

"Well, or you all were just too shy, hiding your sexual desires, as most young
women are taught to"

"No I found it disgusting" Donna thought, but wisely kept her mouth shut.

It had been one of those days she and her teenage friends had nothing to do. Her
friend Brenda's brother had one tape stashed, and Brenda knew where. They all
looked at it, but it was just a disillusion in manhood for the girls. They
really couldn't understand what men found exciting at seeing them fucking in
clear detail. It was the time in their lives when they were dreaming of prince
charming, and love forever, not to have a dick stuck up in their asses, and cum
all over their face.

"Not convinced 'ey?" ms Brendan saw. "Well we'll see a few in the coming weeks,
maybe it'll change your mind." They walked through the long row of videos and
dvd's. Just by passing by Donna got the same feeling as when she saw her first
porn movie. "How could a man possible like these filthy movies?"

They stopped at a counter in the middle of the hall, where a middle aged man
looked them over.

"To your left is the sex toy section, to your right the fetish and other kinks"
ms Brendan said to Donna.

"Well hello there, ms Brendan" the man behind the counter said "Good to see you
again, I hear you still know my line."

"Just lookin' around" ms Brendan said "Showing this girl what's in store" ms
Brendan winked at the man who started to chuckle.

"Come on Cutty" ms Brendan said pulling the shy Donna away.

"Whenever you need some explanation you just call me ms Brendan, I'll be happy
to show you and the sexy lady how it all works."

"He likes you" ms Brendan said teasingly to Donna.

"Who cares?" Donna thought. She really didn't feel at home. Repulsed she
followed ms Brendan who had decided to walk to the sex toys department.

"Videos and dvd's we don't have to see. Those we will look up at home: I've got
broadband internet so I download everything in an instant." She said to Donna as
she clicked her fingers.

"...But toys, that's a different story. Once you're addicted to using toys
during sex, you almost can't do without them!" she looked at Donna

"Here comes the inevitable question" Donna thought as they walked through racks
and displays filled with Dildo's and other stuff.

"Let me guess: you never ever used a dildo, nor any sex toy for that matter."

"No ms Brendan" Donna said

"Probably not even a ribbed condom. You really need to be educated."

And ms Brendan really took to that part. The next hour she explained Donna in a
rather childish way what every different toy she pointed at was used for. She
even reviewed Donna after each toy to see if she had paid attention. Donna,
although not interested, inevitably learned all disgusting things people did
with various toys. From the simple dildo stick, to the more advanced vibrating
models, to the even pulsating, rotating, double dildo's. They went on to discuss
the sybian, venus vibrators, butt plugs, beads etc. All was explained in detail
how it worked, how it achieved pleasure, and Donna was forced to listen, and
sometimes even repeat.

Donna actually was amazed at the variety in toys, and how they vary in their
sexual stimulation. She learned about extenders, penis pumps to enlarge the dick
of a man, vibro balls, the different gels. In the past Donna only glanced
quickly at them, usually let the others kid around with the toys, but now, after
the lessons, she began to feel more like an expert.

"We'll take this book for you to read and learn more." Ms Brendan said as she
picked up a 'Sex toys for Dummies' kind of book. Donna looked through it and saw
it was indeed explanatory, though very explicit. In all she was not aroused, but
she was intrigued at the new sex world she got to know. "Maybe you can even use
it to educate your children later." Ms Brendan suggested as they left the
section.

Donna did not like that remark. She wanted her children to know about sex, but
going beyond the basics was not her idea. "She should stay away from my family,
especially my family, they will learn about love".

 "Just because I like the way you say it Cutty, how do you use a butt plug
again?" ms Brendan asked the dreaming Donna.

Donna sighed "First you use the KY-gel both on your asshole, and on the plug
itself. Then you bend over as far as you can, and gently push and turn the plug
up your ass, until the rim of your asshole shuts around the plug, leaving the
handle outside so you can always remove it, ms Brendan"

A laugh woke Donna up. They were walking passed the counter as she rephrased her
lesson. Donna didn't look up, but turned beat red in one second.

"And that's the hard part!" ms Brendan laughed "Oh Cutty, it is so nice to hear
you tell this in your inexperienced way. It totally turns me on!"

"Oh no", Donna worried "She is not going to get freaky with me here I hope. What
will that man think of me?" She hurried away from the counter, into the fetish
section.



"This place usually gets busy after 6" ms Brendan explained as she saw Donna
looking around for other people when they arrived in the empty section. "People
that come in during the day usually are pro's" she gave Donna a teasing elbow at
that remark.

Donna politely smiled back. She was still embarrassed from the scene at the
counter. She looked around and found they were standing in the middle of racks
filled with bondage gear, latex suites, leather suites, whips, etc.

"Here there is so much I have to show you, but we have so little time." Ms
Brendan said. "I'll just run you through the basics. When you're ready we'll
come back and really dive into this beautiful world of extreme sex."

Donna looked at ms Brendan, dressed in her normal business suite. "You would
never imagine from first sight she would be as perverted as she is" Donna
thought "She wants to push me into this type of perverted sex, but I won't let
her. We'll see who's the strongest..."

Ms Brendan ignored the dubious face Donna gave her, and just started to explain
the various objects in the racks. They covered the light bonding "It helps to
get those annoying hands out of the way..." to the clothing "Most of the suites
accentuate the female body in a sexual type of way ...", and finally even up to
light torture. "No pleasure without some pain Cutty!".

Ms Brendan showed Donna pictures of the various items, using advertisement
material or books, to explain to her how they should be used.

"I'm glad she doesn't try them all on me." She thought "I would refuse, but
still..."

"Maybe that is why she only shows them to me, she knows I will refuse to have
this all used on me" Donna was pretty sure that was the reason why ms Brendan
did not bother to use her body right then and there.

Ms Brendan did make sure Donna was paying attention to her as she educated her.
She never let Donna's mind drift away for too long. And as she did with the
toys, she let her repeat the lessons every now and then.

Finally they wrapped things up "We have to go to the hotel, to get ready for
diner" ms Brendan informed "Unfortunately..."

Donna just couldn't wait to get out of there. But when they passed the counter
the man addressed her.

"Excuse me miss" the man said politely.

Donna, feeling something awkward was going to happen replied suspicious "Yes?"

"A gift from the house" the man said as he gave her a box wrapped in brown
paper.

Donna wanted to refuse it "Go on , take it and thank the man" ms Brendan
whispered in her ear. Donna took the gift "thank you" she said and turned around
to walk out of the store. She could hear the man chuckle all the way as they
walked to the exit through the videos and dvd's. The box had a loose item in it
as the box rattled when she shook it. She didn't dare to open it, but had an
idea of what was in it...




Diner



Another luxurious restaurant, and another mixture of feelings. They just
finished their soup and were now waiting for the next round. Again ms Brendan
had arranged for them to sit in a discrete corner. Donna was told to wear one of
her new business suits ("It's going to be more like a business meeting." Ms
Brendan had explained), and so she did.

Donna however sat uncomfortable as she had her free butt plug up her ass.
Luckily it was a small one, a 'beginners plug' as ms Brendan had said. Ms
Brendan had 'helped' her put it in, though she said she would only help her
once.

"I'm getting in way over my head" Donna thought as she drank her second glass of
red wine. She needed the drinks to cope with the situation. "How will I get out
of this? It is so unreal, here I am, sitting in a business suite, discussing,
talking about my future work, and ms Brendan's past, and in the mean time I have
a butt plug stuck up my ass, just because she ordered me too." "No, not just
because" Donna corrected herself "Because she is blackmailing me and my family.
And I don't see an easy way out."

"So I found out that being a woman, a good looking woman in a world otherwise
totally occupied by men was an advantage." Ms Brendan explained "It is amazing
how stupid men get when they meet a mixture of brain and beauty. The only ones
you have to watch out for are the Gay, and the other scarce females."

Donna focused her interest back to the conversation. It was interesting to hear
this powerful women recite her history.

"I surrounded myself with men, powerful men, and from there the ball started
rolling. Being a lesbian helped: I didn't need those men at any time, yet could
flirt with them. People underestimate the power of sex in business."

"Even in her business she is indulging in sex all the time?" Donna wondered.

"But it is the brains that do the dealing, never forget that Cutty." Ms Brendan
answered her thoughts. "You must always think win win, but with your own win a
little bit more. And plan ahead; what will the next deal be? How will this deal
result in progress?"

Ms Brendan went on and on explaining Donna all her thoughts on doing business,
and explaining how she came to be so influential.

"It's all about differentiating the business. Most business men stick to one
market. I developed several at the same time. If one went down, I 'capsuled' my
companies in that market, and focused on developing the business in the other
markets. With the money you make in one, you can survive in the other, while the
competition dies off."

Donna was after a while so occupied with ms Brendan's stories she just forgot
all about the plug, her situation in general.

When deserts came she was full, pretty drunk from all the wine, and did not
shift about anymore with her ass. Her plug was just pushed deeper, but she
didn't feel it/cared anymore.

"To finalize, Cutty" ms Brendan said as she scooped her ice cream "I want you to
join my real estate company as a management assistant at first. I want you to
learn everything there is in that business, especially in the renovation part. I
need to renovate a lot of old buildings, and I want government support for it
etc. It's a hassle right now to go through all that paper work."

Donna nodded interested.

"Your marketing background should help you market my business to those
government people, they need to know me, and support me in my projects. That
will be your part." Ms Brendan explained.

"But first, to get you started, I let you work on some charity work I do to
protect, restore the monuments of the city, out heritage. It is in the line of
work you will do, and will bring you into contact with the right people. After
that your career is ready to go!"

"I am excited about it ms Brendan" Donna told ms Brendan honestly "You really
have great confidence in me". Donna wanted to know why she was doing this for
her.

"Cutty, from the moment I saw you I knew you had potential. I am a women after
all, we sense those things." Ms Brendan smiled "I think you will make an
excellent employee. If your cooperation in our relationship is just a slight
hint of what you are capable of, you will not disappoint me!"

Donna looked smiling at ms Brendan. By now she was so excited about her future
career she didn't mind the relationship with ms Brendan that much anymore.
"After all, it is she loving me, and I am just a victim. Next she's a woman, and
she herself has indicated men don't care if their women go strange with other
women..."

"But weird it is. And I need to set limits to what she does to me. This butt
plug thing is already going very far, next..." No Donna didn't want to think of
what's next.

"Let's have a last tequila shot to go." Ms Brendan said "The night is young, and
I have something exciting planned for you! To celebrate the new job."

And so Donna, already tipsy, took, as it turned out, a few tequila shots. She
was pretty drunk when she was lifted by ms Brendan and gently guided out of the
restaurant. Donna giggled all the way a little, feeling happy, too happy.




The strip club



When they exited the car Donna found herself standing in front of a strip club
called "Hungry Girls". She looked around the scenery, wobbling on her legs,
while ms Brendan got out behind her. The obvious red lights, the brick wall, no
windows to see what was going on inside, the three bouncers eying her, the dark
street. "Somehow these clubs always end up in a shady part of town" she thought.
"The last time I was in one was for some male stripping show with my girlfriends
more than five years ago."

The wind was picking up and it became chilly. She embraced herself feeling her
nipples harden a bit more. "Fuck, my appearance must be slutty" she thought as
she eyed herself. She was standing in front of a strip club, dressed as a
stripper herself. The very short red skirt, the black stockings the black high
heeled 6" open shoes, the blouse with the large v-cut in front, the flimsy
slutty flowery adornments on the blouse, and the push up bra which left her
nipples free, pocking through the thin blouse.

"And above all, I'm drunk again".

Ms Brendan had changed her in the car on the way over. Donna, drunk, didn't put
up much of a resistance. Actually, the tequila had made her horny, happy and
dazy, and she had slipped into the new clothing without any protest. When
instructed to masturbate she had not hesitated, and within seconds she had come.

Donna smiled happily when ms Brendan laid her arm around her as she was standing
in front of the club. She gave ms Brendan a kiss on the cheek. "Why did I do
that?" she thought immediately "Must be the damn alcohol again, with the love
making in the car." "That's what I find most embarrassing right now, being wet
upon entering a strip club." Donna however just smiled and walked cuddled up to
ms Brendan for protection against the cold wind whom guided her into the club.

"Good evening ms Brendan, good to see you again" one of the bouncers greeted
them, as he held the door open. "Enjoy the show".

Donna was guided passed the counter through the next door where she found
herself in a large room, with 5 - 6 girls dancing on different podia, mirrors
everywhere, everything half lit with red lightning. The cough, chairs were all
in various shades of red. And the floor was covered with a thick red carpet.  

"A typical strip club" Donna thought looking around.

"Let's sit over there" ms Brendan said and they walked to a rounded couch with a
separate small podium in front of it. "That is my favorite place". They sat down
and immediately a young girl, half naked, wearing just a short skirt stockings
and high heels came by. "What will you girls drink?" she asked smiling a bright
smile.

"I'll just have a coke for now, she will have a margarita, the special one" ms
Brendan said to the girl."You'll love that drink" she said to Donna. Donna just
smiled "She wants me drunk again" she thought "I must drink slowly, this is not
the place to get drunk, not dressed like this." She looked around "Too many
thugs" she concluded. She forgot in her state of mind she already was very
drunk.

The audience was indeed not really the cream of the top. Some biker-like man had
taken over a corner, and were admiring a beautiful young girl with platinum
blond hair sensually dancing around her stage, wearing some blue lingerie,
stockings, and white high heels. She expertly teased them and collected a lot of
dollars. "A pro" Donna concluded. The men obviously enjoyed the sight, and where
constantly cheering with their beers at every move the girl made.

Scattered around the place where some creepy men looking up at the other dancing
girls, spending dollars. Donna observed them and felt repulsed to be in the same
room as them.

"You'll always have those figures." Ms Brendan said as she saw Donna looking at
the dirty skinny man sitting close by, glaring at one of the dancers in front of
him, fumbling with dollar bills. "But this is still my favorite strip club in
this town. They know me well and have some good features, as you will see."

"Tonight I will have you look and admire the skills of these striptease girls.
You may even choose the girls you wish to have dancing here in front of us, so
look around and see if you like anything." Ms Brendan laid her hand on her
thigh, and kissed her on the cheek. "I want to know your taste for women."

"I don't have any taste for women" Donna thought, yet smiled back at ms Brendan
and caressed her back. "Thank you, ms Brendan" she said, not knowing what else
to say. She looked around and suddenly her eyes went big. Ms Brendan followed
her look and saw Donna looking at an older lady walking through the crowd. The
lady had dark black straight hair which was cut in a bob. She wore a red short
jacket, and her breasts were covered with a red see through bra. Her belly was
naked, and from the glittering Donna concluded she probably had a piercing in
her belly button. She wore a short red jeans, cut very high so her rounded ass
was in clear view. Her long legs had red stockings on, and it all was finished
with bright red plateau shoes. Her figure was excellent. While Donna observed
her she expertly teased the crowd, hugged a few well known customers, had a
laugh, let them touch her a little bit, but not too much, and then walked on.
What struck Donna was that she thought she knew the woman.

"You like that girl?" ms Brendan informed with a naughty smile. "Yes....no"
Donna replied not being able to take her eyes of the lady.

"Why are you then looking at her?" Ms Brendan teased on "You are not getting shy
now Cutty?"

"No ms Brendan, it is that I think I know the woman" Donna admitted.

"Oh that very well could be." Ms Brendan replied "She used to live in your
neighborhood with her family"

"That's it!" Donna recognized her "She used to live close to us! Her daughter
was a friend of my daughter Julie" Donna looked at the woman walking around.
"She changed a lot" Donna said out loud.

"What do you know about her, tell me" ms Brendan asked curious.

"Well," Donna started keeping her eyes fixed on the woman parading through the
crowd "She used to have a normal family life, her one daughter was even a friend
of Julie, my daughter." The lady was now tongue kissing a probably well known
customer. The man fondled her ass obscenely, and the woman laughed obviously
pretending to be enjoying it. "Then at a certain moment it turned out she had an
affair with some low life scum-bag. I do not know exactly what was going on.
They tried to fix the marriage, but from thereon the family just landed in one
problem after the other, usually shameful facts. Her daughter got busted with
drugs I recall. I had even told Julie not to see her anymore. The husband left
after a while, as more affairs of the woman came to light. She was a real slut
as it turned out to be. We all felt sorry for the husband. They continued to
live for a short while in the same house, without the father, but eventually
moved. The daughter got expelled from school for indecent behavior." Donna
looked at the woman. "The fact is that it was just sad to see them, walking
around, alone, and obviously unhappy. Still trying to keep up there appearance.
I felt sorry for them. It was as if bad luck just followed that family."

"And now the slut mother is here." Ms Brendan smiled neglecting the sadness of
the story "She has been here for two years now I think"

Donna turned to ms Brendan

"Don't look so surprised, I know her history a little bit too, from herself. She
is one big slut I tell you, and an expert dancer. Let's have her come over
here."

"No!" Donna gasped

"Don't be shy, she might even be happy to see an old friend" ms Brendan waved
away her objections. "And she can tell you her story from her point of view, not
from your mundane neighborhood gossip. Than you and your coffee club have
something knew to chat about"

The waitress just brought back the drinks, and ms Brendan whispered something in
her ear, pointing at the woman in red now leaning up at a fat customer rubbing
his chest, while drinking a glass of champagne or something. Smiling at him,
trying to get him to pay for a lap dance probably.

Donna still couldn't take her eyes of the woman

"Her name is Rebecca, Rebecca Fowler, formerly Brown-Fowler." Ms Brendan
remembered Donna "And her stage name is "Red Pussycat""

Donna looked at ms Brendan again. "She loves red" ms Brendan explained.

Donna went back to look at Rebecca. She was still busy with the fat man.     

"Yeah, two years in which she built up quit a reputation. Her lap dances are
famous, even though she is older than the rest of the girls here. She teaches
them her tricks too. A perfect example to me of a woman who found out at a late
age she was actually a 'slut'. Or a exhibitionist, or a 'whore'." 

"What about her daughter?" Donna asked, keeping her eyes fixed on Rebecca. She
didn't like the rude comment of ms Brendan.

"Well, you can ask her"

"Won't that be strange, I mean..."

"Hey, lap dancers are humans too you know. She has a brain too and will
understand why you ask that question. Don't you worry, she is a strong woman,
she can have a few insulting questions. She'll have a few for you too, no
doubt."

Ms Brendan obviously referred to Donna's own situation. Donna blushed as she
thought about it "She's right! If I ask her those questions, she will obviously
fire back a few too. And if ms Brendan starts giving instructions which I have
to follow, it will become more embarrassing!" Donna now felt even more
uncomfortable with Rebecca coming over.

"Why don't we take that girl in the blue dress with the bikers?" she tried.

"We'll ask her too. But let's go for Rebecca first, she seems free."

At that moment she saw the half naked waitress approach Rebecca and the fat man
she was warming up to. The waitress whispered in her ear, and Donna blushed as
she saw Rebecca look in their direction. "I hope she doesn't recognize me"

Rebecca started to smile and wave, and whispered something back to the waitress,
who smiled and left. Rebecca meanwhile continued with caressing the fat man.

"She will come to the table when she finishes that customer. It is a regular of
hers." The waitress said to them as she walked over from Rebecca.

"That's ok hon, thank you" ms Brendan said "Cutty , have some margarita, you
will get a great show!" she then turned to the waitress who just walked away.
"Excuse me girl!" the waitress turned "Yes ma'am?"

"Could you ask that girl over there to come here?" She pointed to the girl
dancing at the bikers "Before she get's too busy. We'll pay her good."

"Okay ma'am" the waitress said an walked away.

"Damn, this is even worse."Donna thought, now I have two girls going to dance
for me. She sipped the margarita "And she wants me drunk again." She took
another sip "It tastes good though" After the wine and tequilla she was getting
quite an appetite for alcohol.

"You just drink and relax Cutty." Ms Brendan said "Just drink and relax"



The lady dancer had come over as soon as the waitress told her to. Before the
bikers could object she said something to them, and two other dancers came over
to keep them busy. They quickly shifted their vulgar attention to the two new
girls in front of them.

She had kissed ms Brendan on the cheek, and then sat down with them.

"A drink?" ms Brendan asked

"Yeah, some champagne please" the girl said.

"So typical" Donna thought as she shyly looked at the girl.

"Let me introduce you to my girlfriend" ms Brendan said as she ordered for the
waitress to fetch a champagne for the girl "This is Cutty, it's her nick name,
but everybody calls her that way"

"She has razor sharp pussy lips?" the girl joked as she held out her hand
towards Donna. "I'm Trinity, please to meet you Cutty."

"Now Cutty is new to this sort of thing. Actually it is her first time at a
strip club as a normal visitor, besides bachelor parties and the likes."

"Oooh lovely." The girl smiled. She eyed up Donna who felt more and more
uncomfortable.

"So I want you to give her a special treat, no boundaries, and you know I am
good for the money."

"Ms Branden, say no more." The girl said enthusiastically. "I.." she looked at
cutty "We will give you a show you will never forget!" She stood up and walked
over to Donna. She picked up her margarita "You finish this quickly, it'll calm
you're nerves, and you let me do the rest." She turned and walked to a panel
attached to the wall.

Ms Brendan smiled and nodded at Donna, who understood this as a hint to do as
she was told. "Damn" she thought as she gulped the margarita down.

"Two more please" ms Brendan said to the waitress who had appeared again. "For
the show" ms Brendan said to Donna as her empty glass was taken by the waitress.

Trinity meanwhile flipped some switches and a dark red curtain came down
separating there place from the rest of the room.

"This is so cool of this place" Trinity said as she walked over to Donna. "And
the lightning is perfect. Now wait for the music to begin. We start slowly,
softly."

The girl positioned herself in front of Donna, with her legs touching the couch
Donna was sitting in. She put her arms in her hips and smiled looking down at
Donna. "Tell me what you see, Cutty, what do you like about me." Donna was
looking at the young girl in front of her and didn't know what to do, until ms
Brendan signaled her to do as she was told.

"I-I...your clothing" Donna said, hoping this would please the girl and make her
stop.

"Hahahaha, you are funny. What clothing, this flimsy revealing outfit? Noooo,
tell me what you like about me, my body, my face" she bended over "My breasts"
and she gave Donna a good close up view of her breasts still covered with the
blue bra.

The music started softly, a standard disco beat, the type you heard in those
cheap porn movies. "Come on tell me" Trinity said as she waved her body close to
Donna .

"Feel my skin" she said and took Donna's hand and laid it on her belly "isn't it
soft?"

Donna felt her skin, "Y-yes it is" she mumbled " it is very soft"

"Say it is nice" Trinity whispered in her ear, breathing softly

"It is nice" Donna said, feeling nervous as hell.

Trinity started to touch Donna "You have a nice body too Cutty. I like your face
a lot, it's got some cool innocent 'housewife look' still." Trinity whispered,
her hands softly jumping over Donna's face, to her breasts, her belly "You've
been working out haven't ya" she said.

"Yes" Donna replied softly. Trinity got up again and turned her back towards the
humble Donna, all the while softly moving on the music.

"You see me, I work out to" she bend over pushing her ass towards Donna "Every
day, Cutty, every day" she wiggled her ass a little more "Touch me " she said
and Donna did, she softly felt her ass "feel the soft skin" she said encouraging
Donna to continue.

Two new margarita where brought by the waitress who appeared through the
curtain. Ms Brendan, enjoying the show, signaled her to put them on the stage
where Trinity was dancing. Trinity picked up one glass and turned to Donna
again.

"Here you drink this one fast again, Cutty, you're still too tense" she
instructed, and Donna gulped it down while Trinity danced bent over her, with
one finger lifting the bottom of the glass to speed her up.

"There you go, they should kick in within the next five minutes" she smiled and
took the glass out of Donna's hands. The next minutes she just danced in front
of Donna and she forced Donna to touch her skin all over.

Then when she saw the margarita's having an effect on Donna she really got
going.

"Let's try it again, what part of me do you like" she whispered again this time
really close to the tipsy Donna

"You're figure, " Donna replied "Your face"

"Better, now let me show you a little more of my figure" and she grabbed gently
the back of her bra while still bent over and unclipped it. She held the bra
with one hand in front of her in place, and then took it away.

Donna got a clear view of her small young breasts, with the little hard nipples.

"Touch them with both your hands girl" Trinity said, as she bent over once
again. Her face with her blue eyes gazing straight into Donna's, her pink
colored lips in a naughty smile, her blond hair waving seductively around her
head.

Donna started to feel a little more than tipsy, and the music with its typical
beat, the lightning, the warm chair, it was all getting to her. She reached out
with her hands and touched the nipples of Trinity as told to. Trinity on cue
brought her lips close to Donna's left cheek, close to her ear, as if she was
about to kiss her. Donna could hear her softly breathing, and the warm air from
her mouth was caressing her cheek. As she trusted her breast into Donna's raised
hands she moved her mouth across the face of Donna, every now and then making
eye contact.

She lifted her breast into the face of Donna "Look at them" she said, and Donna
did.

Trinity fetched the second margarita and held it above her breasts. She bent
over so her breasts were above Donna's head, which she gently forced backwards.
Donna was now face up underneath her breasts. "Now watch carefully, and do as I
tell you to. First look at my breast and open your mouth." she said softly
"Stick out your tongue"

"Further Cutty, further out" she smiled as the half drunk Donna did as she was
told.

Trinity slowly turned the glass and began to poor the margarita over her breast,
making it drip on Donna's face and open mouth "Try to catch it all" she
instructed. Donna moved around as Trinity switched from breasts, and then placed
a hand at the back of Donna's head, pushing her up as she finished pouring the
last margarita.

"Lick them gently, Cutty" she said and Donna did. She licked and sucked the
margarita of the small well formed breast of the young girl. Next moment she
found herself kissing the breasts passionately tasting the sweet margarita,
enjoying its soft skin. Trinity smiling and softly whispering encouraging words,
gently moved her breasts from side to side, and rode her pussy on the right
thigh of Donna.

"Raise your skirt" she softly suggested, as Donna felt herself getting aroused.
Trinity took her hands and guided them to her skirt, which already was way up
and exposing her bare pussy. "All the way up". Donna complied and lifted her
skirt, so she was sitting bare ass on the couch. Trinity spread her legs, while
still gently dancing with her hips on her right thigh. "And now raise the
blouse" Trinity instructed "Better yet, take it off..." she moved backwards
allowing Donna to take off her blouse, and at the same time displaying her
topless body, with her wet freshly teased breasts.

As Donna struggled to get her blouse off, Trinity rolled her stocking of her
right leg a bit down, so she was now skin to skin, with only a flimsy g-string
between her pussy and the leg of Donna. She started to 'ride' the leg again,
gently.

Donna, now almost completely naked, was excited, drunk, humiliated, confused.
She was looking at Trinity, taking in her beautiful body.

"She could have been a super model" she thought "She has the perfect sizes, the
perfect skin color, a pretty face..."

Trinity interrupted her thought again, now by taking her right hand and guiding
it to her own pussy. "Start rubbing yourself, Cutty" she whispered, "you're wet
down there, and you can't waste the nectar". Ashamed Donna felt with her own
hand her own wetness.

Gently and on the rhythm of the music, Trinity forced her hand up and down her
own lips. When Trinity thought she now knew what to do she let go, and Donna
found herself rubbing herself slowly on the rhythm. Trinity grabbed her
attention again by looking into her hazel brown eyes.

"What beautiful blue eyes she has too" Donna drunkenly noticed. The next moment
Trinity pressed her breasts into her face again, and Donna instinctively started
to kiss and lick them. Trinity started to grind harder up her legs, and her
mouth close to Donna's left ear breathed heavily.

"Rub yourself" "Finger your wet clit" "stick your finger into your twat" she
said softly in between her breaths, and Donna started to rub in earnest, as her
breathing picked up.

Suddenly Trinity backed away, and stood up, leaving Donna spread, topless with
her raised skirt and fingering her pussy. Her left hand had automatically found
her left breast, and she was teasing her own nipple.

"What...?" Donna said as she opened her eyes, missing the warm female body
rubbing against her.

 "Stand up" Trinity instructed gently and she was lifted up. Trinity kept her
body close to Donna's as she moved on the music, forcing Donna to follow her in
the dancing. She turned Donna, and held her breast with both her hands, pushing
her own into the back of Donna.

"You're moving good now Cutty, you feel the music" she whispered in her ears.

"Oh no," Donna thought "I'm drunk again, and I feel myself hot again"

"I don't want...." but she was interrupted with a caress of her breast again.

"Finger yourself again Cutty" Trinity instructed and Donna did. She decided to
let herself go from there-on, or was too drunk to protest.

She fingered herself while Trinity danced in her back, with her hands exploring
Dona's breasts, belly and thighs.

Donna soon got so hot she started to moan out load. On cue Trinity bended her
over on the small stage, with her ass facing ms Brendan.

"Keep on fingering yourself Cutty" she said, as she spread the legs of Donna,
giving ms Brendan a clear view of what was going on between her legs. A soft
sopping sound could be heard too, as Donna was by now soaking wet.

Trinity moved on the stage and kneeled in front of Donna. This made the lusty,
drunk Donna look straight at her thong.

"Now as a special treat," Trinity whispered as she held Donna's head with both
her hands "you may tale off my thong with your mouth" and she guided the head of
Donna forward into her crotch.

Donna, on automatic pilot, bit into the thong.

"Gently" Trinity said, as she bucked her hips backwards "Gently, Cutty"

Donna relaxed a little and when she had a good grip on the thong slowly moved it
downwards.

"That's good, that's really good" Trinity encouraged her, still holding her head
with both hands. She started to sway her hips on the music again, making Donna's
head wobble too.

Trinity's trimmed blond pussy was now hovering in front of Donna, and the drunk
Donna barely could resist the urge to lick it. Her eyes admired the beautiful
sight of the inner and out lips, nicely curling around the inner red glimmering
flesh. The blond hair was removed except for the small trimmed triangle above
the clit.

The thong together with Donna's head slowly, rhythmically, moved down the
beautiful legs of Trinity. When they reached the feet Trinity quickly helped
getting the thong passed her high heeled shoes. Trinity pulled the thong out of
the mouth of Donna, and let her lick her toes for a short while. Donna, drunk
and completely out of it, complied and licked her toes when her head was forced
towards them.

Trinity then forced Donna's head upwards her left leg along her blue stocking up
to its end. Donna knew what was expected as she rubbed herself slowly but
steadily to a climax. She bit gently into the fabric and pulled it down.
Trinity, still giving ms Brendan a good view of her own body by lifting her body
up with her bend right leg, helped Donna with her right hand in rolling down the
stocking whenever it didn't go smoothly. She pulled her foot out of the white
shoe when Donna reached there, and put it back on while Donna laid the stocking
gently besides her on the stage with her head.

By now Donna's pussy was soaking wet, and her juices were spreading outside her
lips, down her thigh. She was still holding up her skirt, and rubbing her pussy.
Ms Brendan enjoyed the show as she drank a glass of champagne she had ordered.
together with some fresh margarita's.

Trinity smiled wickedly at ms Brendan and then forced Donna up to the stocking
on her right leg. Donna complied and slowly pulled down the stocking with her
mouth. She gently laid the fabric to the left of Trinity, while Trinity put her
shoe on again.

Next the almost climaxing Donna was slowly turned as Trinity stood up on the
stage, lifting Donna up at the same time. Donna was positioned gently with her
ass leaning on the top of the stage, her legs with the black stockings and high
heels spread obscenely, her skirt raised with her left hand, while her right
worked away on her pussy on the beat of the music. She was now so out of it she
didn't think no more, and freely worked her pussy, focusing on the climax. Her
hand would glide inside and then gently but with pressure outside towards her
clit. She would tweak and turn it a little, and then force her hand back into
her pussy.

The naked Trinity was parading her pussy above the head of Trinity as she picked
up a margarita, by bending over like a professional athlete. With the margarita
in her right hand she positioned her pussy just above the head of Donna, and
then tilted the head of Donna with her left hand.

Donna had her eyes closed as she was nearing her orgasm. When her head was
touched by trinity's hand she opened her eyes, and again looked amazed at the
beautiful lips in front of her, above her.

Trinity saluted ms Brendan with the margarita, took a small sip, and next
lowered the glass just above her pussy hairline, and started to pore the
contents on her own body. The liquid quickly dribbled down through her trimmed
blond triangle, on and around her clit, and onward to her inviting lips. From
there it fell down on Donna's face.

Donna, remembering the routine, opened her mouth to catch as much of the
margarita as she could. The liquid just kept on flowing and she started to lick
the upper thighs of Trinity, as the margarita was dribbling down there too. Soon
she was frantically licking Trinity's thighs and her face was soaked with the
margarita. In the mean time she rubbed her pussy harder and harder.

Trinity timed the poring of the margarita precisely with the climax of Donna.
When Donna made a loud shrieking noise, indicating she was climaxing, she
stepped back smiling at ms Brendan and holding the margarita victoriously upside
down high in the air above Donna.  Donna was coming and she still pushed her
tongue out to fetch some none existing stream of margarita. Her body shivered in
the drunk climax, and her juices where floating freely along her thighs. Her
face was wet of the margarita, and trails of the liquid were poring down her
neck onto her breast.

Ms Brendan smiled and applauded Trinity. Trinity made a short bow while she
spread her arms, showing her young charms in full glory once again, and then
smiled down at Donna, as she started to pick up her clothing.

Donna was still in her own world. She held on to the stage as she licked her wet
fingers, and rubbed them afterwards through the margarita on her face and neck,
licking them clean afterwards. She shook visibly from the intense orgasm, and
had a smile on her face, her eyes still closed.

"Never ever in my whole life have I climaxed like this" she drunkenly thought.
"Never ever...".




Rebecca



Donna woke up when water was thrown in her face.

"What...?"

"You passed out, you little lesbian slut." Ms Brendan smiled while holding the
empty glass. "Go and sit on the couch while they clean up the place."

The half naked Donna scrambled up and went to sit on the couch as instructed.
Her head was momentarily clear, but she felt the next wave of drunkenness coming
up. 

 "Well Cutty..." ms Brendan said "and this is only the beginning for you. Put
your clothes back on my little slut." Ms Brendan said.

Donna was glad to put her clothing back on, although she was more worried about
passing out again right now than being naked. Clumsy she dressed herself as two
topless ladies quickly cleaned the area, preparing it for the next dance.

"Focus Cutty!" ms Brendan said as she saw Donna falling asleep again.

SMACK. She hit Donna on her cheek with her right hand and grabbed her jaw with
her left.

"Look at me, you little drunk piggy!"

Donna tried to comply, and fight the alcohol, but she lost the battle.

SMACK, SMACK, SMACK. Ms Brendan hit her hard on both her cheeks, still holding
her face up as she squeezed Donna's jaw.

"Get me more water please" she ordered to the waitress picking up the last empty
glasses.

"Cutty, get yourself together!"

Donna tried, but she was quite lost. She hadn't been drinking this much since
her student years, and actually the last years she barely drunk. Raising her
daughters kept her from it. Her mind went blank.

When she woke up again ms Brendan held a large glass of water in front of her.
She was dripping wet.

"What?" she looked around and saw vaguely where she was. The whole room was
spinning.

"She's pretty drunk." Ms Brendan said, as she smiled.

"To whom is she talking?" Donna wondered as she tried to focus.

"I'm drunk... Too much margarita's" she mumbled. Hoping someone would help her.

"Nah, Cutty, you just need to be strong. Drink this."

The glass of water waved in front of her. She grabbed it with both hands and
gulped down the water.

"Let me take care of her, I have her back in no time ms Brendan" somebody said.

"Who??" Donna tried to see who was with them right now, it wasn't Trinity.

"Ok, you do that, I'll just wait here."   

"Come Cutty." The voice instructed.

Her mind still floating in and out of consciousness, and the room spinning,
Donna wanted to follow up on the instruction, but couldn't by herself. She felt
a hand grabbing hers, and she automatically lifted.

"Good, just follow me" she heard, and she was out of it again.



"Ok, throw up, that's good Cutty" the voice said.

Donna came back to the living and found herself holding a sink in a brightly lit
toilet. She was throwing up.

"Another time, get that stomach empty, and drink this water."

She gladly accepted the water after another burst, and gulped it down.

This repeated itself for ever it seemed to Donna, but finally she became clear
again.

She was sitting down on the floor, completely wet, and feeling miserable. She
looked up.

In front of her, smiling down was Rebecca Fowler, the second stripper.

"Finally back in the world, Cutty?"

She nodded

"You are a mess, you stink and your clothes are wet and dirty. I'll take you to
my dressing room to clean you up and give you some new clothes. We must have
something your size."

She was lifted and pushed out of the toilet, into a small corridor.

"This door" and she was pushed into a small room a few feet further. Donna
became clearer with the minute. She looked around "The room is not spinning
anymore..."

Rebecca walked passed her into the room into a small private toilet room giving
time to Donna to recuperate on her own.

The room had just a bed and a dressing table with a large mirror, the standard
as you would see in movies, with light bulbs around it. Everywhere clothing was
hanging around. All flimsy dresses, high heeled shoes, thongs. A large
collection of make up bottles and brushes, mascara, etc, were on the dressing
table.

What caught her eye was a wall with pictures, somewhat like the wall in the
corridor of ms Brendan, yet these seemed to be pictures of one women only, in
various poses, and various clothing.

"Here, go in there and brush your teeth with this, strip and have a quick
shower."

Donna wanted to object, but was silenced quickly

"You do as I tell you to, don't mess with me now, I don't have the time."

Donna meekly went into the small toilet room with the toothbrush, and stripped
completely. She was too exhausted to fight this women right now, and her clothes
were dirty anyway. She brushed her teeth several times, an took a short shower.

When she came out of the small toilet she was completely naked, and held her
dirty clothes and shoes in her hand. Her mouth felt clean again, and the shower
had helped clearing her mind.

"Throw them in that basket, the cleaning lady will take care of them. You can
pick them up next week or so." Rebecca told her "Now come here and sit."

Donna sat down as instructed in front of the dressing table. Rebecca looked at
her, rubbed her naked skin, shoulders, and went through her wet hair, as if to
get a good feel of her.

"Ok, you just sit still as I fix you up. I laid out some new clothing for you
which I think will fit you just right, and when you're dressed we go back again,
ok Cutty?"

Donna looked at Rebecca through the mirror and nodded. She looked at herself and
saw the mess she was in. Her make up completely ruined, her hair wet, and she
was still a bit shaky. She looked at Rebecca while she started with her. She was
curious what was going on with this lady from her neighborhood.

Rebecca was dressed in a slutty outfit. It consisted of red shiny plateau shoes,
"How can she walk in those shoes?", red stockings, fine mazed fishnet stocking
Donna noticed now she saw them close up, a red jeans cut obscenely short, almost
showing her pussy lips, and showing way too much ass. "She has a tattoo above
her ass crack too" Donna noticed as Rebecca turned to pick up some stuff from
the bed. The tattoo was a black arrow like figure, pointing down towards her
asshole. Of course her pussy was clearly shaven.

"She has a beautiful figure" Donna noticed as she looked at her waist, with its
flat trained belly "How old would she be? 40, 45? She looks like a 35, amazing"

"Hold still Cutty, okay?" Rebecca said as she sat on Donna's lap to do her face.
She had just finished with her hair.

"Ok Rebecca" Donna replied. She enjoyed the moments to herself. It made her head
clearer.

"Don't call me Rebecca, call me red pussycat. It's my stage name. Nobody here
calls me Rebecca"

"Ok... red pussycat " Donna said uncomfortably "figures, she is now at 'work'
obviously" she explained it to herself. Having Rebecca's face so close to hers
made it easy for Donna to observe her more closely.

Rebecca's face was made up with beige rouge, her eyebrows where shaved off
completely, and instead she had painted fake once, higher thus enlarging the
appearance of her large eyes. Her big dark-brown eyes were beautiful, feisty.
Light Red eye shadow above her eyes made them even better. "She could drive man
nuts with those seducing eyes" Donna thought "And she probably does".

She had a small sharp nose. Her cheeks were round, giving her face a round
appearance. The mascara hid the wrinkles from her age perfectly. Her face alone
looked like one of a twenty-something girl.

Her lips were thick and she had a very bright, whorish lipstick on them. Given
her overall light color of her face it made her lips and eyes come out very
sharp, forceful, hot.

Donna looked at Rebecca's black hair, cut in a short bob, just halfway her ears
"Probably to make her look younger". It was also very similar to her own
haircut.

It left her slender neck clearly visible. Usually you could see the real age
from a women by her neck, but hers was still fine. She was wearing large looped
earrings in her ear, two in each ear. The large hoops almost touched her
shoulders. And, as for as Donna could see, she had her ear pierced several times
more, all the way up. Several small silver studs were in her ear, glittering in
the light, and going up underneath her bob.

When Donna looked down she noticed other peculiar piercings. At first Rebecca's
belly button caught her eye. It was also silver like the studs, but had a
glittering chain with diamante like stones attached to it. It was short, about 1
inch long.

But what amazed Donna more was when she looked up at Rebecca's breast and she
saw clearly studs through each nipple. Her lace bra was see-through when you
were this close. The studs were rather large, and it appeared as if she had
three nipples on each breast, on large in the middle, and two smaller ones to
the left and the right of it. They were silver too, like all her jewelry.

Her breasts were a good 36 D, and fake. Through the dress Donna couldn't make
out how they were enlarged, but from the positioning of the nipples, straight
forward, and the overall fullness of the breasts it was obvious she had them
done. Her nipples were rather large, that is, the base, areola, it was a good
two inches wide, Donna figured. The nipples themselves were probably enlarged by
piercings, as they aggressively poked through the fabric of the breast. Making
it look like she was constantly aroused.

Donna looked at the woman in front of her, and tried to figure out what she was
thinking.

"This used to be a normal housewife just like me... Look at her now, a stripper
in a shady club in another town, pierced, with enlarged breasts..."

Rebecca just ignored Donna's stares and fixed her face. 

Donna saw herself transform in the mirror. Her face was cleaned quickly and new
mascara was applied, a bit darker than she used herself. Her eyebrows were
darkened and she got light pink eye shadow, applied in such a way that her large
hazel brown eyes had a very innocent look. Her nose was a bit lightened to make
it sharper than it already was, and her thin lips were made a wet glittering
pink.

Her wet hair had been pushed backwards with gel. As her hair was already short
this was done with an abundance of gel, so her normal brown hair had a dark
almost black appearance.

Rebecca didn't stop with her face, but expertly applied also some lipstick to
her nipples, and its base. She finished it with spraying some cheap cologne with
glitter on her upper body.

"That should do it" Rebecca said as she lifted herself up from Donna "Now put
those clothes on and we go."

Donna took a few seconds to see her new self. Especially the coloring of her
nipples had embarrassed her, but she didn't dare to object, and it was done
before she could object. Donna went to sit on the bed to put on the selected
clothing.

From where she was sitting she could see the wall with the pictures she wondered
about previously. Now she saw all the pictures were of a young lady, looking a
lot like Rebecca. Yet they were porn pictures. It showed a blond, or better a
dyed girl, as hair color was a bit unnatural, in various clothing and stages of
undressing. One set of pictures showed her in white stockings, and a white
corset, white panty, black shoes. She posed in front of a white bed, legs
spread, from the front, from behind, one leg on the bed, and the picture set
progressed as she undressed item by item. It started with her showing her pussy
by pulling aside her panty looking straight into the camera. In the next her
corset was opened, removed, showing her young full breasts, with the nipples
erect. In all the pictures she posed seductively, molded her breasts, offering
them to the viewer. In the next pictures of the set she removed her panty, and
she posed with just her stockings and high heels. Her hand holding her partly
shaved pussy open, grabbing her own ass, bending over giving a clear view of her
ass crack with its little hole, looking straight into the camera. Eventually in
the last pictures of each set she always was posing completely naked. The
photographer really made sure her private parts were clearly visible in all the
pictures, and that she held them open for the camera.

The same type of set was made in different clothing. Donna noticed the young
lady never put on a smile, but did look directly into the camera, she did
participate kind of willingly, knowingly. A few close ups showed her beautiful
young innocent face. Blond hair, soft pink lips, white skin. Her make up in the
pictures was not overdone. The photographer obviously wanted her to look like
herself. And she herself really looked innocent, and beautiful, but not like
someone you would expect to pose for these pictures. It had the appearance of a
big humiliating act which the poor girl just went through with he rmind set to
zero. 

"My daughter Beccy" Rebecca said as she saw Donna look at the wall "Remember
her? She was a friend of Julie."

Donna was startled as she understood Rebecca knew her.

"Don't look so surprised 'Cutty'" Rebecca smiled arrogantly "If you can
recognize me like I am today, I sure as hell can recognize you in your 'new'
look."

She leaned at the dressing table. "Tell me, what made you come here and do what
you did with Trinity? You used to be so prim and proper with your friends and
all?" she said sarcastically.

Donna just blushed. She recalled how the neighborhood avoided her family when
word got out about their problems.

"Don't get shy on me now, we'll lapdance in about 5 minutes. You'll be seeing me
naked all over you, and you will most likely get off again. If we can be that
intimate, you can tell me what made you into this lesbian?"

Donna blushed, but felt she had to answer something, but not the truth "I'm in a
big mess already, the last thing I want is a whore knowing about this blackmail
too, especially one who knows where I live..."

"It just kind of happened, I'll see where it goes" she answered.

"Kind of happened..." Rebecca repeated "Nice polite answer. But you're in for a
rollercoaster ride with ms Brendan girl, better get ready, else you'll never
know what just might 'kind of happen'"

Donna wanted to steer the conversation away from her situation. She didn't want
to think about her own future right now.

"Those pictures...What.." She bluntly asked. "If she's up front, I can be too"
Donna thought.

"Nosy aren't we?" Rebecca said as she stood up and stood beside Donna looking at
the wall with pictures.

"Becca we decided together will become a pornstar, and these are her latest
auditioning pictures" Rebecca told Donna. "She has pro's take pictures of her,
and sends them to several agencies. She always sends me copies too, and I stick
them to this wall, as told to. I comment her in return on how she should
improve. I do my share to make sure she succeeds."

"Like these first ones, you see her just not stretching enough. In the later
sets she does that stretch much better, showing her pussy and asshole much
clearer. It looks a lot hotter."

"Well we'll see if she gets through, I hope so. I think she would be much better
off."

Donna looked amazed at Rebecca. "How can she just do this, let her daughter do
this?"

"Let's go, Cutty" Rebecca said after a moment of silence in which she had stared
at the wall.

Donna was glad to leave the small room with its 'shrine'. Something just was not
right at all in there.



They walked into the secluded area were ms Brendan was sitting just as a young
naked girl left. Inside ms Brendan welcomed them. She looked very happy. Donna
could only guess why.

"And how are you feeling Cutty?" she informed.

"Better, ms Brendan, much better"

"Good work red pussycat, good work"

"Always pleased to please you ms Brendan" Rebecca smiled back.

"Well Cutty, ready for part two? This time with your old neighbor?" ms Brendan
said, reminding Donna she knew the stripper.

"Let's all first relax, get into the mood." Rebecca said as she turned on some
soft playing music. "Let's call it lesbian foreplay, setting the mood"

"Drinks?" ms Brendan asked enthusiastically.

"Champagne, ms Brendan" Rebecca answered

"No thanks ms Brendan" Donna tried.

"You must drink something, I'll order an amaretto for you. That's light and
sweet."

"It is best to immediately drink something now, takes the last part of the bad
feeling you have right now away." Rebecca agreed.

Donna knew it was hopeless to object. "Damn!" she just thought. "Just now I'm
back in control"

"You've talked?" ms Brendan informed.

"Not much, ms Brendan, she was out most of the time" Rebecca said.

"Well you tell her why you like your job, and then Cutty can explain why she's
with me."

Donna looked at ms Brendan and knew she wanted to see her explain herself to
this stripper. "Who starts? You, red pussycat?"

"Ok ms Brendan" Rebecca said coolly. She positioned herself in front of the two
ladies on the small stage.

"What's there not to like about this job?" Rebecca asked rhetorically. "I like
sex, I like it a lot, I'm proud of my body, I love my body!" she stood up and
turned around, showing them her curves. "Combine that with a healthy dose of
exhibitionism, and you end up like a stripper. Every night I get to tease men
and women, seduce them, and get paid for it too. For me it is second nature, it
is something all women do more or less. " She looked at Donna, "Don't you seduce
men or women every now and then?" she asked.

"Well, sometimes..." Donna answered reluctantly

"You see, we all seduce, manipulate. Here we're just very honest about it, and
get as a reward for our honesty money, lots of money." She bent her body over
Donna, showing her again close up her upper body and face. Donna just had to
look at the obscene piercings in her nipples again.

Their eyes locked as Rebecca continued "As red pussycat I play out all my
deepest, darkest sexual fantasies, and people come here to participate in them."
Rebecca leaned down with her arms stretched holding the couch, face to face with
Donna. Her eyes still locked with Donna's, but now only inches apart, her right
knee on the couch to the left of Donna. She forced Donna to lean back into the
soft couch. "Tell me, do you have a dark fantasy, ms Housewife?"

"No, no.." Donna answered meekly

"Are you sure, Cutty?" she moved a finger with it's red nail alongside the body
of Donna, clearly showing Donna the power she had over her. Donna shivered as
the nail followed it's path up to her right arm, making a short sidestep over
part of her breast, but staying away from her nipple. When it reached her right
arm Rebecca stopped. Smiling she slowly retreated.

"I've been here now for two, three years, and have become a very professional
dancer. I even give lessons to the other dancers, show them the tricks, what
works what does not, how to read the crowd, etc." Rebecca made a perfect turn
around the pole to proof her point "It brings in almost as much money as my
dancing. Hell, I'm making more than I got from my ex husband."

"So that's my story," Rebecca bend through her knees on the podium, facing Donna
"Now tell me your story, what do you like about lesbian sex?" Rebecca bluntly
asked.

Donna fixed her posture as she blushed thinking what to say

"Well.." she started "I see it kind of like an ...." her mind was racing "Kind
of like blackmail!" she wanted to scream, "Like an adventure" she said.

"It's quite new to me, and I have never been to a strip club before..." she
continued "Trinity knows this already, so telling this is nothing new." she
thought.

"Like this I mean, seriously, with female strippers and all..."

"Do you enjoy it?" Rebecca asked.

"I...I don't know, it is all new..."

"But you came with Trinity, you masturbated watching her my dear" Rebecca smiled
at Donna

"Ok, yes, but..." Donna wanted to defend herself.

"No buts, you enjoyed it, you came, you masturbated, you liked her breasts,
liked her pussy, you wanted to have sex with her all the way" Rebecca informed
the shy Donna "You're current act is just ridiculous. Be open, we won't tell" ms
Brendan agreed, and Donna knew this was an instruction to stop her efforts to
stall.

Donna hung her head in defeat "I have to pretend I like this situation, I have
to" she pushed herself.

"That's true, it is just difficult for me to be open about these new feelings. I
did had a very good and long orgasm "she said "That is true" Donna thought. "And
Trinity was beautiful, and very good, very sexy."

"I really never imagined I could have these feelings, emotions, do these things.
It is so out of my own world."

"What would your husband say?" Rebecca asked.

"Robert..." the word flopped out of Donna's mouth before she knew it "Oh Robert,
she thought "If you only knew the mess I'm in right now..."

"...would obviously die if he knew. He thinks I'm just having a weekend off and
do some shopping with ms Brendan, and some dining, but not this."

"And your daughters? Julie?" Rebecca kept on hitting on her open soul

"They....they would be devastated." Donna said honestly "I don't think they
would understand, given they are both in puberty, and see me as their role
model."

Her mind was in panic as she realized just how true this was. "It would totally
fuck up my marriage, my family!"

"Well, best to keep it secret from them, at least for now." Rebecca smiled
sarcastically at Donna.

"We will" ms Brendan said, smiling at Donna, stroking her hair. "Kiss me"

Donna leaned over and gave ms Brendan a long kiss, knowing she could not refuse.
The kiss was followed by another one, and she found herself being forced once
again to make out with ms Brendan, this time in front of Rebecca, or 'Red
Pussycat'.

"Take off your panty, you know I don't want you to wear panties this weekend" ms
Brendan whispered "And start masturbating"

Embarrassed Donna removed her panty, the one she just got from Rebecca. She
kissed ms Brendan, and started to masturbate.

"Wet yourself as taught" Ms Brendan instructed into her ear.

Donna slowly brought her fingers to her mouth and wet them. She then spit on
them gently, more like smearing her spit on them, coating her fingers, and
brought it down to her pussy. It helped lubricate the lips, and her fingers
could now gently do their work on her clit and inside her pussy.

"She's good at it" Rebecca remarked

"And just imagine I learned her this only this morning." Ms Brendan agreed "Oh
Cutty is behaving very well, she'll be just fine."

Sensual music started to play once again as Donna was masturbating herself. The
deep loud beat even made the cough vibrate. Rebecca stood up and started to sway
on the stage.

Drinks were brought in and Donna was humiliated again as she saw the weird look
of the waitress. But she kept on masturbating as instructed, and her pussy
finally reacted.

"So your pussy is getting hot I see" ms Brendan whispered, and she kissed Donna,
and felt her up, her hand moved under her blouse and cupped Donna's breast,
gently caressing her nipple. Ms Brendan started to kiss her neck.

"Watch Rebecca perform, enjoy her show, I'll enjoy you" ms Brendan said, and
went on kissing her, licking her neck, gently biting it. Her left hand kept on
rubbing her breast, while her right hand went around her head and touch Donna's
ear, and hair.

"Oh fuck, she's good" Donna thought as she felt herself getting hot. Her
masturbating, and the actions of ms Brendan, combined with the music and Rebecca
dancing sensual "It is so surreal, but so much a turn on" Donna was surprised
she could be so easily stimulated by women.

They kept at it for a few minutes, Donna was told to drink her glass, and the
heat went up.

Rebecca then walked off stage and placed the empty glass on a table and moved in
on the two kissing women. Donna by now started to breath heavily, and ms Brendan
moaned encouraging.

Gently Rebecca peeled of Donna's blouse, and gently touched her nipples, the
ones she had decorated with lipstick. She went down and removed the skirt Donna
was wearing. It had a side opening, so it went off easy, without Donna having to
move her body too much.

"The clothing was made to be taken off easily" Donna noticed as she was now
completely naked "And I am hot, hot hot, and out of my mind to let this happen!!
I must be drunk, I must be crazy!"

Her thoughts were stopped by the two women who were feeling her up, and lifted
her into a next level of arousal. She just let go. She had to.

Rebecca slowly lifted her arms and laid them over the top of the couch. She
picked up a couple of handcuffs from behind her back. They dangled before
Donna's face, before Rebecca locked her arms in them. The cold material woke
Donna up from her trance, but it was too late. The cuffs had secured her arms to
a pole at the back of the couch.

"Don't fight her Cutty" ms Brendan instructed, keeping Donna from reacting
violently.

Ms Brendan's hand moved down to her pussy and took over from the cuffed hands.

"Fear has the same effect on nipples as arousal, or cold" Rebecca remarked
softly as she smiled at Donna. Donna glanced down at her breasts, and saw her
nipples indeed poking out. Rebecca then played with her nail over the face of
Donna, following its contours, her small sharp nose, her cheeks, her sharp
cheekbones, around her large hazelbrown eyes.

Ms Brendan licked her breast, her nipple, which stood out in full erection.

Donna was aroused again as never before. The two ladies were hitting all the
right buttons. Rebecca scraping gently over her face and neck, Ms Brendan
feeling up her breasts, and her clit. She was indeed an expert as she had said.

"What is a housewife doing locked in a strip club, lap dancing with a female
stripper? What will her husband think? Or her children?" Rebecca humiliated
Donna.

In her current arousal state Donna didn't want to be teased, didn't want to be
reminded of her situation, but it aroused her even more.

"And she listens to the name Cutty because of a cut she has in her pussy." A
nail of Rebecca scraped softly over the scarf at her pussy. Donna bucked wildly
with her legs. It was almost too much for her.

Rebecca stepped back and knelt down. Within seconds Donna's legs were lock by
their ankles into some sort of cuffs too.

"And spread..." Rebecca said as she pushed a button and Donna's legs where
forced to spread, better said they were pushed aside with great force.

She found herself bound on a couch in a strip club. And she didn't mind, ms
Brendan was getting her higher and higher, and Rebecca soon joined her. Her red
nails touched, pinched her nipples.

Ms Brendan sat back as Rebecca sat on the lap of Donna, who was helpless to do
anything about it.

"Look at the slut" ms Brendan smiled "wet and horny for a stripper" her fingers
roughly entered Donna's pussy.

"Lick them clean" she just said as she held the three fingers in front of her
mouth. Donna just did what she said. She wanted to come badly.

Rebecca took off her jacket and bra. To Donna's admiration she did so still on
the beat of the music, which vibration tickled Donna's sensitive area's too.
Everything was aroused and sensitive by now.

The large breasts of Rebecca with the nipples and their piercing gently were
rubbed against hers, and up to her face. Donna eagerly licked them, pleasing
Rebecca in the hope she would let her come quickly.

"Oh fuck, fuck me, fuck me" she said as she felt another pair of fingers move
into her pussy, moving in and out and around on the beat. Donna's tied hands
grabbed the pole tightly as she felt she was coming "Fuck me fuck me, please"
she whispered. She felt at the same time humiliated as she felt she betrayed her
family again.

"The mother wants to copulate with the stripper? She feels like a real bitch in
heat?" Rebecca whispered into her ear, while fingering Donna's wet pussy "What
example is she setting for her kids? What whorish behavior gets her off?"

"Yes, please, no, I..." Donna just bucked against the fingers. Rebecca stopped
and let her lick her fingers clean once again

"Suck your own slime, little bitch." She said sarcastically, but also softly,
sexy "And wet the fingers again, as they are going to pleasure you again"

Donna wriggled about, trying to get relief, raising her voice a bit louder every
second

"Yes, just fuck me, make me come, please"

The sensual rubbing of Rebecca's pierced breast, her expert masturbation of her
clit, Donna's sucking her own fingers, it went on for ages it seemed to Donna,
with Rebecca keeping her aroused to the brink of an orgasm.

Ms Brendan moved in closer to the scene. She grabbed the face of Donna and
forced her to look at her. When Donna opened her eyes she saw ms Brendan was on
the phone.

"Yes Robert, she is here, but she is a bit occupied, we're partying"

Donna panicked, and she tried to get her moaning down. Rebecca smiled as she
understood what ms Brendan was doing.

"Isn't that your hubby, Robert?" she asked loud enough so Robert would hear. She
pinched Donna to force her to answer. To speak up.

"MMHYesss" Donna answered, she was even more aroused by the dangerous and
humiliating situation. She was this close at being caught by Robert. It would
ruin her marriage for sure!

"Yes you heard her, she is drinking and talking with some girl, she is a bit
occupied. She didn't know I would call you this late, but we forgot to call you
by day, so I figured let me tell you all is well." Ms Brendan still smiled at
Donna who beat red tried to make less noise while Rebecca pulled out all her
tricks to make her come, and shout it out.

And tied she couldn't defend her private parts.

"Ok, I will tell her her lovely kids are ok" ms Brendan humiliated Donna some
more.

"ooooooOOOOOOOH" Donna just couldn't keep it in anymore. Rebecca breast
piercings, her belly piercing and her clit piercing all were simultaneously
arousing her, as she rubbed them along her body, the clit piercing on her thigh,
close to her wet pussy, the navel piercing chain was teasing her belly, and her
nipple piercings Donna's own nipples. And Rebecca's hand, or better, her nails,
were scraping her pussy and unprotected face at the same time.

"OOOOH FUCK, OHH FUCK"

"Will you keep it down Donna!!" ms Brendan pretended to be angry, but she smiled
a big smile in reality "Sorry Robert, just now they have to make so much noise.
What were you saying?"

"AAAAH, AAAH, YEAH, OH SHIT!" Donna felt like she had multiple orgasms, she just
came and came, even though she tried to fight it as Robert heard everything. She
desperately wanted to be silent.

"MGGMGMG" she bit her lips, which muffled her screaming, but Rebecca simply
twisted her sensitive nipple with her nails, and Donna's mouth was open again,
in pain and ecstasy, making noise, screaming.

"Yes, I think she's making a bit too much noise for this club too, but hey, let
her have a good time once in a while too." Ms Brendan just kept on talking with
Robert on the phone, very close to the climaxing Donna.

"Wait I'll silence her, I can't hear you." Ms Brendan said, as she stood up,
stepped on the couch, and positioned herself above Donna, with each leg on one
side of her, and her pussy above Donna's head. Next she lowered herself, pushing
her pussy with panty into Donna's moaning, screaming mouth.

"mmmffmfmmf" Donna kept on screaming

"There, that's better." Ms brendan said as she pushed her pussy harder on
Donna's face, almost suffocating her. "You was saying Robert?"

Ms Brendan listened intently to Robert as she started to rock on Donna's face.

From sheer ecstasy Donna bit and licked ms Brendan's pussy, and also to get it
out of the way, as she had problems breathing. Ms Brendan smiled down at her, as
her free hand roughly grabbed Donna's hair and pushed her head into a correct
licking position. Her eyes made clear what she wanted Donna to do.

Humbled, ashamed, hot, confused, all these mixed feelings went through Donna's
mind and body as she worked her tongue passed the panty into ms Brendan's pussy.
Rebecca was still masturbating her pussy, rubbing her breasts on her thighs.
Donna was now super sensitive and usually she would have pushed her lover away
to enjoy the tingling feeling, but now she was tight, and helpless. She had to
endure the pierced nipples scraping her inner thighs, the breathing on her
pussy, the nails, fingers going in and out of it. It felt like someone was
tearing her flesh, yet at the same time it aroused her, kept her aroused better
said.

"Robert, I know this is awkward, but I can not give you your wife, she'll
explain herself later, anyway, just called to say we are having a good, a
wonderful time..." ms Brendan held the phone close to the licking Donna, so
Robert could hear the sounds of her laps in the background through the loud
music and scuffling off the bodies.

"Man is it wild in here!" she screamed as if she was talking to someone. Ms
Brendan lifted up her phone when she saw the red faced Donna knew her husband
had heard her licking ms Brendan's pussy. "Ok Robert, I can't hear you clearly
anymore. We will call tomorrow, I also have some good news for you I think, but
we'll talk tomorrow. Bye bye!"

With a look of triumph she closed the phone as she rocked Donna's face. She was
close to coming.

Donna, tied, just lapped on, still filled with mixed emotions. She hated that
she came but wasn't allowed to enjoy the moment in peace. Her body was over
sensitive, and her mind was filling up with guilt "Robert, oh Robert" she
thought "If you only knew...." than she started to worry "What will I say, how
will I explain...."

Ms Brendan disturbed her line of thought by coming, spraying her face with her
cum juice, smearing it all over her face with her wet panty and pussy lips.

"Yeah, that was nice, that was wonderful" she said, and she rose and sat down
next to Donna as she tossed the phone away.

Rebecca took over once again, as she lifted herself, and still masturbating
Donna she started her lap dance again. All the tied up Donna could do was to
endure, as the body and piercings of Rebecca teased her body into arousal again.

It took some time, and a few drinks which made her drunk, but Donna found
herself out of control again. Drunk, hot, confused she licked Rebecca anywhere
she was allowed, or instructed, it didn't matter anymore. She gave in to her
lust, surrendered, and enjoyed. Whenever her mind became a little bit clear she
would be overcome by a wave of shame, disgust, as she found herself licking
every body part offered, heard herself moan, talk, begging for more. But her
clear periods became less and less frequent as the time passed on. She
disappeared gratefully into oblivion, while fucking, being fucked by the two
women...





Sunday



Donna woke up with a shock!

"HMMM, HHMM" she looked wide eyed into the brightly lit room of the hotel.
Someone was pushing something in her ass! She tried to move but found she was
bound spread eagle with her belly down on the master bed. Screaming was
impossible as she had a large uncomfortable ball gag in her mouth.

She lifted her head and looked back. She saw ms Brendan dressed in some fetish
suit pushing a tube into her naked ass.

"What is going on?" Donna thought "What happened yesterday" she tried to recall,
but after the second time ms Brendan face-sat her it all was a blur. "I don't
even recall leaving the place..."       

Another painful push of the tube deeper into her ass made her twitch again and
look back at ms Brendan.

"Awake Cutty?" ms Brendan smiled as she looked at the turned head of Donna.
"Just a minute, got to fix this properly" and she gave it a final hard push,
making Donna squirm once more in agony. She patted the naked rounded ass of
Donna. "I'm giving you an enema, to clean your bowels for the sexual acts of
today"

She walked in her high black heels towards the other side of the bed, were she
sat down next to Donna's face.

"Today will be a very tough day for you. We will work you through some real
kinky sex acts." She said as she looked down at Donna.

"We?" Donna thought "Is Rebecca also here?" fear took over. But then she noticed
the driver coming in.

"Consider it part of your next training stage." Ms Brendan explained. The driver
placed a large bag with liquid in a frame at the end of the bed, and attached
the tube to it. Immediately the liquid started to flow into her ass.

"It cleans the body, amongst other things" ms Brendan smiled as she saw Donna's
discomfort as the liquid poured into her ass through the tube. "But mainly we do
it so when we ass fuck you we don't have any problem with your shit"

"Ass fuck, they will ass fuck me?!"

"Yes Cutty, today we will kind of do everything with you that you were always
thought that was not correct." She pulled up her black corset a little and
adjusted her stockings. "You will be tied in various painful poses, and fucked
silly with dildo's." Ms Brendan caressed the face of Donna "I will be very, very
rough on you, and I would advise you not to disobey. It is the best way to get
through the ordeal."

"Yesterday you have been so cooperative, I just expect you to be just like that
today."

"Yesterday, how what why..." Donna remembered a bit more now she was wide awake,
but now she got distracted by the fluids running the wrong way up her ass.

"An enema ..." she pushed her face into the sheets.

"Relax, Cutty, you will just make it so much more painful if you don't" Ms
Brendan still caressed her face and her hair with her hand.

"We gave you some shots to get your system neutralized. Tonight you'll just need
to sleep it off, and tomorrow you will be as good as new, apart from the pain in
you private parts."

Ms Brendan stood up and left the room, leaving Donna with the driver alone in
the room.

Donna just underwent the enema. The liquid was held for half an hour in her
stomach after which it was let out, or better, she shit it out. The driver had
the dirty task of cleaning her up, which she did without saying a word.

Her free butt plug was inserted at the end of her enema, causing immediate new
discomfort to Donna. The driver walked out of the room, and after five minutes
came back with ms Brendan and a breakfast table with Donna's 'breakfast'. The
rolling table was covered with dildo's in all sized, clamps, and whips.

"Look how we will torture you!" ms Brendan said proudly as she stood in front of
the table. "And we'll start with this" she pointed at the black dildo strapped
on in front of her.

"Look" she said as she picked up some bottle with gel " you first lubricate it,
we'll do it a little more as it is your first time" she went about to smear the
gel around the black dildo. "Put some in her ass too" she instructed the driver
as she was busy with her show.

Donna terrified tried to move away, but it was hopeless. She felt the drivers
fingers dig into her ass after removing the butt plug, smearing the gel around.

"She's ready" the driver said as she wiped the gel from her fingers with a paper
towel.

"You'll learn to endure this Cutty" ms Brendan said as she walked to the back of
Donna.

Donna frantically tried to stop her, but could do no more than just wriggle and
shake her ass.

"Whether you actually like it, I do not really care. You'll learn to pretend to
like it at least." And with that she pushed the strap-on into her ass.

Donna felt the large rubber intruder spread her ass painfully. She screamed into
the gag, and moved around, but found even her waist was tied to the bed, so she
just couldn't do anything "Stop it, Stop it!!" she screamed. This was so much
worse than the butt plug!

Deeper and deeper the black dildo went, into the freshly cleaned bowels. Ms
Brendan slowly moved it up and down, every time thrusting it a bit deeper, and
using a bit more force. Donna therefore faced a steadily increase of pain in her
ass. "Oh shit, how can people enjoy this? It's fucking painful"

"How is the housewife hanging on?" ms Brendan said as she pumped up and down

Donna's mind raced at how different her situation was from yesterday, from
months ago. The 'relationship' had turned ugly. She was being raped, ass raped.
Would she tell somebody, could she tell somebody? It all went through her mind,
in between the painful thrusts of ms Brendan.

"If you lift your ass, it is less painful" ms Brendan told her as Donna had
tears rolling down her cheeks. "I've been told" she added sarcastically.

"It is, ms Brendan" the driver who just watched the scene acknowledged.

Donna in pain tried to comply "Anything to lessen the pain " she thought. It
didn't help much.

After a half hour of relentless ass-fucking ms Brendan stopped and popped out
the dildo.

Donna relieved let her upturned ass down, and sighed with gratitude.

"At least that is over" she thought miserable. She was sweating like a pig. And
the pain was intense. Ms Brendan had just focused on fucking her deeper and
harder all the time. And worse was the silence. Nobody spoke a word, so her
grunts on every thrust into her ass of ms Brendan were echoing into the room.
The way the driver just drank her orange juice, while looking at the scene, the
sun light shining happily into the room, it all made it worse. It all made it
clear for Donna she was raped, and there was nothing she could do about it.
Worse, there would be nothing she would do afterwards either. How would she
explain this?

Ms Brendan crawled off the bed and walked to the front of it, facing Donna once
again

"And? How did your first ass fuck feel?" she lifted Donna's head by pulling her
brunette hair. "Pretty intense wasn't it?"

Donna's face was speaking for itself. She had cried from pain through the whole
ordeal, snot was drooling out of her nose, and spit was drooling outside the
ball gag.

"Okay, she's pretty subdued now" ms Brendan told her driver "Let's loosen her up
so we can double team her"

As the driver went about untying the legs of Donna ms Brendan cleaned up her
dildo and placed fresh gel on it.

"I'll go into her pussy, you take her ass" she said coldly.

Donna was still in great pain as she was repositioned. The cold manner of the
two ladies made her fearful. Donna felt like they could do anything to her, for
the first time in her relationship with ms Brendan she felt just how evil ms
Brendan could be. No comforting words were spoken, no care for her feelings,
neither emotionally, nor physically.

The way the driver moved her about was rough. Donna felt she was in the hands of
some psychos.

"Don't move too much, your muscles have been stretched and are very painful now
Cutty" ms Brendan said "Let us take care of you, just go with the flow, it is
the less painful way"

She drank an orange juice as she watched the driver untie Donna first, and then
tie her hands tightly behind her back, causing Donna knew discomfort. But her
grunting through her gag was to no avail. From her arms behind her back a rope
went up to the ceiling lifting her up, so she was forced to sit in a kneeling
position, bending forward.

"Spread the legs, so ms Brendan can lie between them." The driver said as she
pulled Donna's legs apart.

"I must be dreaming" Donna thought "This is so different from the way I have
been treated up to now... This is rape!"

Her ass was still in pain, and now she was forced into another uncomfortable
position "Why would she do this to me? I've been cooperating, I've been good..."
Yet Donna could not do anything except mumble some complaints.

Ms Brendan picked up a short whip, a cat with nine tails, consisting of a small
handle and several flat leather ropes. She tested it in the air a few times. She
smiled evilly at Donna as she walked up to her. The driver behind Donna had
finished with the ropes, and had cleaned Donna's face. Donna saw she was putting
on a strap-on too. She had a white dildo, of similar size as ms Brendan's.

"I hope you are wet and ready Cutty" ms Brendan said as she looked Donna in the
eye, knowing it was not the case. She crawled backwards on the bed, and
positioned herself in between Donna's thighs.

"No time to waist, I need to come Cutty" ms Brendan said as she slipped her
black dildo into Donna dry pussy. "And you need to work for that."

"HMMMHMHMH" Donna protested, but she was unable to move away. Her wild movements
merely caused her arms to be twisted by the rope from the roof.

Ms Brendan ignored her as she looked at her driver who came up from behind and
pressed against her asshole.

"Fuck no!!!" Donna looked back as she had totally forgotten about the driver.

The driver gave her also an evil grin and pushed forward, merciless

Donna already in pain now was in sheer agony. Both her holes were filed and it
hurt like hell. She was never double teamed, she didn't know how to move, and
even is she did, she was tied and couldn't move much anyway. In addition she was
dry, and not aroused at all. She was close to a panic attack.

"Fuck me, why, why, oh shit" her mind screamed.

The driver started to pump into her ass, which caused her to glide up and down
the strap on from ms Brendan. The air was filled with the cold grunting of the
driver, who really picked up a much faster pace than ms Brendan had done before,
and Donna who moaned at every trust in her ass, which made her painfully slide
up and down the dildo in her pussy.

Ms Brendan lay rather passively looking at Donna enjoying the view, the agony on
her face, and the large mother breast bouncing on the rhythm of the driver's ass
pumping. Donna bucked her head up and down, and had her eyes closed. Her world
consisted only of pain right now.

Slowly her pussy became lubricated by her own juices, making the pounding in her
pussy less painful. That was the moment ms Brendan started to fuck her. Not only
that, but she used her whip to hit the bouncing breasts of Donna above her.
Donna with her hands tied behind her back and pinned on the two dildo's couldn't
do anything against the whipping.

For another half hour she was abused like this. The driver coldly, roughly,
fucking her ass, ms Brendan fucking her pussy, and whipping her breasts, who
turned red from the pain. Just as with her first ass fuck no words were spoken.
Ms Brendan gave Donna only cold, ice cold stares, as she whipped her breasts,
making sure every part was inflicted. The grunts in the otherwise silent room
were the only proof of the awful ordeal Donna went through. She heard herself
making the grunts, she heard the driver grunting in the back of her, she saw the
evil smile on ms Brendan's face.

And the pain. It just went worse. Even her juices couldn't lubricate her pussy
enough to make it go away. Her lips twisted every now and then making it feel as
if needles were pushed into her pussy.

Finally ms Brendan came. She grabbed Donna with her left hand by her shoulder
and had her eyes closed as she enjoyed her orgasm with a smile. Donna was still
ass-fucked by the driver, so she rocked on on the dildo of ms Brendan,
increasing her pleasure.

By that time Dona's breast were whipped raw. They were now a dark red color. No
real deep lasting marks were made, but the pain was incredible.



The driver pulled Donna up and ms Brendan smiling and exhausted slowly got up.

"Ah Cutty, I've been waiting two months to enjoy you like this, more if you knew
how long I've noticed you." She said as she sat on the side of the bed. Donna
stood bend over with her arms backwards up towards the sealing, and her legs
stretched down. Her head hung down as she was slowly coming back to the living.

"Oh fuck, my ass hurts, my pussy feels like it has been torn apart, and my
breast have been whipped raw." Donna still couldn't really believe this was
really happening.

The driver who had hung her high up after the double fuck came back into the
room with refreshments for ms Brendan.

As ms Brendan drank her second juice she admired the figure of Donna.

"You're very firm and slender for your age, Cutty" she complimented as she
looked at the long thin legs, the nice ass, her beautiful belly, her breasts,
now hanging downwards, but still pretty firm. "The work out has done wonders"

"Treat her wounds" she simply instructed as she turned and left Donna in the
hands of the driver.

The driver started to oil and softly massage Donna's tortured tits. The message
helped and Donna felt less pain. But her mind was still in turmoil.

"I've been raped, I'm in a hotel room with two women who just torture me, abuse
me. I'm defenseless, I have to cooperate, I..." she sighed hopelessly "What will
they do to me next? How do I stop them, how do I get out of this situation?"

She felt ashamed, worthless, as she hung from the ceiling.

After a good 15 minutes of the cooling message ms Brendan entered the room
again.

"Are we feeling better?" she asked when she stood in front of Donna.

"You want to get out of this rather uncomfortable position?"

Donna nodded her head, her arms stretched backward, up to the ceiling, her
standing on the bed with her legs stretched, and the high heels which didn't
gave her much steadiness, it was tiresome.

"Good" she signaled the driver who untied her from the ceiling. Donna fell on
her knees bend over. Glad her arms were not turned upwards anymore. Next the
driver uncuffed her arms, but only to lock them above her head once again, and
in no time she was hooked up to the ceiling again, forced to kneel upright.

"We have been helping you up to now. Now it is time for you to do it on your
own. A small table was positioned beneath her, and Donna was forced to stand on
it.

"We'll need a steady underground, Cutty" ms Brendan explained. "Stand on your
heels and bend down"

Donna did as she was told and felt herself lowering her body onto something
thick.

"Yes, that is a dildo, attached to the table. You will fuck yourself on it. To
make it easy you can fuck the dildo with your pussy this time. Later you'll ass
fuck yourself with it."

Donna looked wide eyed at ms Brendan.

"She can't expect me to do this!" she thought, as she felt her legs were locked
in chains to the small table, in addition her waist was locked with a chain to
the table too, in such a way that she couldn't get up, and could only pull
herself up just above the dildo. In addition she could not move more than a few
inches forward or backwards

"Fuck, I can't hold this position for too long." She understood. She would have
to lower herself onto the dildo sooner or later. She was naked except for her
high heels, chained above a dildo.

While ms Brendan and the driver looked on Donna fought to maintain her position,
but she slowly gave in, and went down on the dildo. First only the tip, but once
it was in, she lowered herself until she was resting her ass on her bended legs.

Ms Brendan admired the view of the lovely housewife sitting on her dildo, legs
spread.

"Good, Cutty" she said. "Now go and fuck yourself with the dildo"

Donna looked at her in disbelief. "She is nuts, I won't fuck myself! It hurts
still from her rape!"

Ms Brendan picked up a long whip. It looked like a whip they used for horses, it
had a long stiff part, and at the end a flexible thin part, ending with a knob.
Before Donna could even wink she heard a whirling sound, and a sharp pain on her
left breast. Another eerie sound, and yet another sharp pain, this time on her
left arm. Next she was hit on her face.

"I will keep on whipping you until you go up and down that dildo Cutty." Ms
Brendan said as she sat down on a chair, whipping her again.

The pain was intense. Unlike the previous whips this one gave a lasting sharp
pain, and on top of that ms Brendan hit her everywhere merciless.

Donna gave in after another few blows and pushed herself up. The whipping
stopped.

"And down" ms Brendan said and whipped her once again.

Soon Donna found herself going up and down the dildo. If she slowed down ms
Brendan would hit her with the whip without mercy. Even if she kept up her pace
she would get a hit every now and then, when ms Brendan would remark her she was
not enthusiastic enough.

Donna was forced to fuck herself faster and faster. Soon her pussy was reacting
to the assault by producing the necessary juices. A sopping sound could be heard
mixed with the heavy breathing of Donna. She humped up and down as fats as she
could, keeping a scared eye on ms Brendan with her whip.

"I want you to come Cutty" ms Brendan said after what seemed hours to Donna "Or
a least convince me you came". A smirk on the face of ms Brendan showed that she
did not believe Donna could fake it convincingly.

Donna herself was using her tied up arms by now to push herself up, together
with her tired legs. The beautiful housewife was sweating all over again.

"Oh, fuck, I can't keep it up any longer." Donna thought "If I slow down she'll
whip me, if I fake it she'll whip me, but I don't feel aroused at all!" she
wished she could come on command!

Donna decided to go for the fake option and started to moan as if she got
aroused.

"Faking it aren't we!" ms Brendan responded and the whip came down hard on
Donna's right breast.

Donna stopped acting and frantically started to hump the dildo, trying to
stimulate her clit by moving her hip forward and backward as she moved up and
down.

"Don't slow down Cutty" ms Brendan remarked and whipped her again a few times.

Soon she was really fucking the dildo with vigor, just to stimulate her clit,
just to come. Donna hopped up and down, moved her hips forward and backward, and
even looked down to find out how she could best stimulate her erotic areas. She
finally found a way of bucking up and down and rotating her hips and ass that
stimulated her the most. She found out how to rub her G-spot with the large
dildo and how to rub her clit on the large shaft as she went up and down. These
movements were the ingredients for a very erotic 'dance'. By the lack of whips
she knew she was doing a good job, which encouraged her to continue, and as she
rubbed faster and faster she did get aroused. She decided to close her eyes and
pretend that it was Robert fucking her as an ultimate attempt to come. It worked
slowly. With the absent of the whips she could block out her real situation, and
soon she got into it. She bucked faster and faster, up and down the dildo, her
Robert. She moaned through her gag all sweet encouraging words to keep her
Robert aroused, to keep him stiff as she usually did.

Her juices started to flow freely, and she felt the dildo, Robert' dick, was
completely drained in no time. She was coming!

Standing on her high heeled shoes, tied, naked, she pulled her head up with her
eyes closed and enjoyed her nearing orgasm. She bucked harder and harder,
pushing the dildo on her G-spot, rubbing the tip on her clit, and along the
shaft as she went down on the fake dick. She pushed her head back and stretched
her upper body as she felt she was about to come. She moaned loudly into the
gag... and she came. She bucked a few more times, but basically her whole body
spasmed, and she just enjoyed the moment, she had completely forgotten her real
situation. She was sweating from the intense exercise, breathing heavily, with a
nervous smile on her lips.

She was like that for a long time according to herself. When she opened her eyes
the awful reality was back again. Ms Brendan and the driver were looking at her,
ms Brendan still holding the long whip. The hotel room, the sunlight, her
nakedness...

She hung her head down in defeat.

"Good Cutty" ms Brendan said "A very, very good show. It took some time, but you
managed to convince me you came." She stood up and walked to the naked
housewife.

"Who would have thought you had it in you to fuck yourself on a dildo, in front
of an audience!" her fingers went down to the exposed pussy of Donna. Donna
shuddered as she touched the sensitive clit.

"Here, smell yourself." Ms Brendan said as she wiped her wet fingers dry
underneath the nose of Donna "You are a real slut at times, Cutty"

"And as you know now you are learning more and more to come on command. You
needed some encouragement, but I think next time you'll do it much more
willingly. Tell me honestly, you did enjoy your come didn't you?"

Donna meekly nodded. "No sense in denying it now" she thought "It must have been
quite obvious"

"But you hated the whipping?" ms Brendan continued

Donna nodded again.

"You understand now once again it is better to do as I tell you to, than to try
to disobey me?"

Donna nodded again, and let her head down as the ultimate submission. She knew
she had to do what ms Brendan told her to "At least right now, I have no other
option"

"Good." Ms Brendan said. "Untie her" she instructed the driver.

Thankfully Donna looked at the driver as she untied her. When indicated she got
up from her dildo, which made an embarrassing plopping sound as it went out of
her pussy, and more juices splattered down on it, the slimy juice stretching up
to her pussy. Her hands were still tied together but she could walk around,
actually was told to.

"A sort of cooling down" ms Brendan told her with a wicked smile.

Next she was instructed to stand in front of ms Brendan again, her hands down.

"Have a drink, you must be thirsty" ms Brendan handed her a glass of water. She
eagerly gulped it down, and got another one.

"Now you're back to the living, Cutty, please lick yourself clean" ms Brendan
said

Donna looked at her and submitted. She was too tired, exhausted, to fight. And
she knew it would be useless anyway.

And so she wiped the slimy juices between her legs on her fingers, and sucked
them clean. All while her hands were still tied, and standing in front of ms
Brendan. Ms Brendan forced her to look her in the eye as she did her disgusting
task.

"How does it taste my dear?" she asked

"Disgusting" Donna thought, "Salty" she said, knowing the answer had to be
positive, or neutral at least. "Normally I would throw up doing this, now it is
just another one of those things that I had to do this weekend." She thought.

When she was clean enough according to ms Brendan, she was told to kneel, and,
as expected to lick the already wet ms Brendan to another orgasm.

By now Donna started to learn what ms Brendan liked and did not, so she got ms
Brendan going very fast. Or it was her previous shows that had heated ms Brendan
up already.

When ms Brendan came, she smeared the face of Donna with her pussy, making sure
she had a nice new mascara.

"That was good, and fast Cutty" she complimented

"Thank you, ms Brendan"

"Now we are both satisfied, we can continue." She signaled the driver to get
ready.

"We are going to have another butt fuck session, this time we try it just with
your hands tied behind your back, and no ball gag." She looked Donna in the eye
"Unless you start screaming too loudly of course, in which case the gag returns
to its usual place."

"But in that case we also will punish you severely for disobeying orders." Ms
Brendan said "So I would, if I were you, really try not to make too much
noise..."

Donna hung her head down again, and let the driver put her in position on the
bed again. Meekly she bended over and as instructed lifted her ass into the air.
Her face was down into the sheets.

"Smart Cutty" ms Brendan said "But not allowed. I want to see your face at all
times. I want you to talk to me and tell me how much you love me, how much you
love all that I'm doing for you, how much you love to be butt fucked."

"Trust me, if you concentrate on the talking it will be easier for you ass."

Thus the tied naked Donna humbly complied and looked forward at miss Brendan,
while her ass was lubricated again.

"Start talking little bitch" ms Brendan said. She picked up her small whip
again.

"Ouch, ouch" Donna said unwillingly, as she opened her mouth to talk. The driver
had just inserted another finger in her ass "The bitch does it on purpose" Donna
thought, as her pain increased.

"It's... kinky" Donna tried again concentrating on just speaking words " what
she is doing to me, ms Brendan"

"I... I feel the cold gel inside my ass, I feel her fingers wiggling in the
small space"

Another finger entered her ass, forcing her to stop from the pain.

"Don't stop Cutty, don't stop" ms Brendan said as she started to play with the
whip.

"Oh shit, the pain!" Donna thought. Her eyes were filled with tears once again,
as she desperately tried to talk again.

"Hnn, she's a bit rough on me right now" the displeased look on ms Brendan's
face was not good "But.. hnnn... I like it that way" Donna looked at ms Brendan
and saw she saved herself, for the time being.

"I can't wait...until she fucks my ass once again." She tried, and saw ms
Brendan nodding approvingly. She knew now the type of sentences ms Brendan
wanted to hear.

"I have to thank you ms Brendan, for this lovely... sexy experience."

"No thanks Cutty" ms Brendan replied.

"This is what she wants to hear, she wants me to act as if it is the most
wonderful experience in my life..." Donna thought, as she felt the fingers
leaving her ass to her relief.

"I am still a bit inexperienced in sex, especially in ass-fucking" she continued
"But up to now it has been wonderful!"

She felt the dildo of the driver search for the opening of her ass.

"Help her a little, position the dildo correct, inexperienced slut" ms Brendan
instructed.

Donna's tied hands stretched and found the dildo, and positioned it against her
ass hole.

"And just relax your ass." Ms Brendan said

"Ok, ms Brendan" Donna said, as she tried hard to relax her ass

"No, look at me, tell me about Robert, how does he fuck?" ms Brendan said.

This humiliated Donna, her face turned red as she thought about her husband.

"If he only knew" her mind wondered

A whip on her shoulder made her come back to reality.

"I said talk, not think" ms Brendan said as she sat down on her chair in front
of Donna

"He is very good." She quickly replied.

"Why?" ms Brendan said

"He...he is considerate, he can hold up his ejaculation, he knows how to please
me, he knows my tender spots..."

At that moment the driver pushed deep into Donna, and although it did hurt like
hell, it was less painful as before.

"OUGH" she yelled

A whip and a stern remark from ms Brendan followed "Watch it with the noise
little bitch!"

"Now continue the story as you're being ass fucked"

"He..he " Donna didn't know what to say more, and the driver picked up her pace
once again.

"Ouch, he is gentle, and can keep up a fast pace" she just blurted out

"He has a big dick?" ms Brendan asked

"No, it's average, ouch." Donna replied automatically, she surprised herself
with her honest answer.

"Hmm, tell me everything: how much do you fuck with each other, give me all the
details Cutty, I'm eager to know all about my employee whose wife is having sex
with me"

Humiliated Donna told her all the details she could think up, while the driver
hammered into her ass. The talking helped as it distracted her from the pain in
her ass, though at times she had to let out a yelp as the driver went too deep,
too hard.

In what seemed an interrogation lasting ages she answered all, told all of her
sexual adventures with her husband, which were few actually, but they used to be
private. Next came her experiences with other man when she was younger, she gave
out names, addresses, and at last all her own fantasies were told.

Donna couldn't fake answers as that needed her thinking, which was impossible
while her ass was on fire. So she just decided reluctantly to tell all, and tell
the truth. It came out much easier, and talking, letting go, did relieve her a
little bit.

Finally ms Brendan told the driver to stop.

"Thank you ms Brendan" an exhausted Donna said gratefully. She was sweating
again, and her back hurt from the awkward position.

"You can sit up now, and masturbate for me." Ms Brendan simply said, as she
signaled the driver to untie her hands. Quickly they were tied before her again.
The driver gave her a big dildo.

"What are you waiting for?" ms Brendan asked as she picked up the phone.

Donna miserably tried to insert the dildo.

"That won't go like that, you first have to wet yourself and the dildo Cutty" ms
Brendan said as she dialed a number.

Donna looked at the big dildo and started to lick it. As she remembered her
lesson from yesterday she spit on her fingers, and started to masturbate with
them. She surprised herself at how fast her pussy reacted.

"It must be all the dildo's that makes me react so fast, it must be a natural
reaction to prevent damage." Donna thought, hoped.

But wet she was, and after licking the dildo, coating it with her spit, she
pushed it inside her.

"If you pull up your legs it will go easier." Ms Brendan advised.

Donna immediately lifted her legs, tired as she was, but she knew it was an
instruction. She rested her high heeled shoes on the side of the bed, giving ms
Brendan a perfect view of her naked body. One hand was stimulating her clit, the
other shove the dildo in and out her vagina. Her stretched pussy easily received
the dildo, much to her own surprise.

Ms Brendan looked on approvingly, to the relief of Donna.

"This isn't so bad" she thought " I can do this, I've experienced worse."

The driver came from behind and fitted a ball gag in her mouth once again. This
made Donna fear the worse, as she knew they are expecting her to scream.

Ms Brendan meanwhile went into a conversation with the person on the other line.
It was one board member of one of her factories, and they were discussing a
business strategy for the release of the next product. This as Donna was pumping
the dildo in and out her pussy. The noise had to be heard on the other side of
the line, but ms Brendan didn't seem to mind.

Donna quickly built up her heat, and she was nearing a climax.

"One moment please" ms Brendan told the person on the other line. She laid down
the phone and picked up the clamps, and before Donna could do anything the
clamps were attached to her aroused nipples.

"MMMMHMMM" Donna shouted into the gag. The pain was awful. With fearful eyes she
looked down at her nipples. Two big clamps with sharp teeth dug deep into the
nipple flesh, causing them to even bleed a little. Also it trapped the blood
flow, causing a growing pain as the nipples grew larger as more blood was pushed
inside.

"I'm back, sorry for the small interruption." Ms Brendan had picked up the phone
and continued her business call. She signaled Donna to continue with her
masturbation.

Donna, now in pain, started again to fuck herself with the dildo, but due to the
pain her pussy didn't react. She had to pull the dildo out and squat on her
fingers and dildo, through her gag, to wet herself. This time her body didn't
react so fast, so she frantically was rubbing her pussy. The pain in her nipples
was awful.

When she finally started to feel her pussy respond ms Brendan was already busy
with another call. All the while she barely looked at Donna. Donna herself
didn't worry anymore if anyone could hear her masturbating, she just
concentrated on getting off as told, in the hope they would release her nipples
if she did.

That was why it was all the more frustrating that her body didn't react so fast
as she wished. The piercing constant pain was too distracting at times. But
eventually she managed to get to the point where her pussy finally responded,
and she felt herself heating up once again.

Just when she almost reached her climax once again, ms Brendan finished her
fourth or fifth phone call and released the clamps. This caused a new wave of
pain as the blood rushed through the mutilated nipples.

"MMMMHHM" Donna yelled again, as she was distracted from actions once again. And
just like before her whole feeling had vanished, and she had to start all over
again.

However, now her pain was much less, and subsided slowly, so she could
concentrate better on her masturbation, which resulted in her being able to get
on with it much faster.

With a watchful eye to ms Brendan, for fear she would pick up the clamps again,
Donna started to pump the dildo in earnest into her wet pussy. A loud sopping
noise could be heard through the room, and Donna knew the other person on the
phone would be able to hear it.

"Hello Robert?" ms Brendan said rather loud, obviously to get the attention of
the masturbating Donna. "It's ms Brendan, listen..."

Donna stopped automatically. She didn't want to have her husband hear her
sopping noises, nor her squirming into the gag.

Ms Branden picked up a strong whip and before Donna could react she hit her
several times on her breasts. A burning pain went through Donna's body.

Ms Brendan continued talking as she signaled Donna to continue her performance.
In pain Donna followed the instruction, but not before her body received several
more whips, which Robert heard obviously.

"... yes, Donna is busy right now, I am now calling for business." Ms Brendan
said.

Donna meanwhile tried to masturbate but the fact that Robert was on the line
made it difficult. A few whips on her back from the driver forced her to comply.

"I have no choice..." she thought as she started to pump herself fast, making
the sopping noises she hated so much.

"You better focus just on getting yourself off, else we will whip you raw, the
pain will be much worse, and you still will have to fuck yourself" the driver
whispered in her ear from behind, as she whipped Donna several times.

"Fuck fuck fuck!!" Donna thought as she frantically started to work with the
dildo. She had no choice but to comply, and she rubbed her clit with her hand,
looking over her shoulder to see if the driver was going to whip her. This in
turn made ms Brendan whip her, who signaled she had to keep eye contact with
her.

"This is mean, sadistic!" Donna thought as tears welled up in her eyes from the
pain and humiliation. "Robert will hear what strange things are going on here,
how will I explain?"

Yet she continued to masturbate, pumping the dildo in and out, rubbing her
clitoris with it as much as possible. She knew how to get herself off now, and
used it to her 'advantage'.

"Listen Robert, I just had a talk with the board, and the Asia project got the
green light.", ms Brendan continued with Robert "In turn I talked with your boss
who would be the best to do the job, and it turned out you are the best option."

Ms Brendan listened to Robert as she watched his wife hump a dildo in front of
her, looking into her eyes as she did. She returned the humble stare with a cold
look.

"... We understand Robert, but this is urgent, and we need to use the momentum.
You will leave tomorrow afternoon, after you have transferred all your work to
Milton, or whomever Peter tells you to. Next you will fly for two weeks to
Singapore, where you will start setting up our new image."

Donna finally got herself going again, although staring at ms Brendan didn't
help. She just blocked out the fact she was talking to Robert, and concentrated
on getting off. Anything to stop her from getting whipped again.

The sopping noises were getting louder and louder to her embarrassment. "He must
hear me, I hope he doesn't recognize the sounds..."

The driver in the mean time started to caress her body and especially her
nipples. Donna was happy with that as it meant she could whip her, and the
touching made her hotter.

As the driver rubbed her she, with her eyes locked on ms Brendan, neared her
orgasm.

She felt her ball gag being removed, and she heard herself moan loudly.

The fear in her eyes made ms Brendan smile.

"... Yes Robert" she was still discussing Roberts sudden departure "I will
inform Donna right away, I don't think you will see her anymore before you
leave, unfortunately, but it is only for two weeks. It is a great
opportunity..."

Donna now frantically tried to keep quiet as she was so close to her orgasm, and
the driver was feeling her up so good. She forgot to look at ms Brendan, she
forgot where she was, and just screamed out her orgasm when it hit her.

"Yes, sorry about that, some girl can't keep it down, though she knows I'm on a
business call." Ms Brendan said still smiling at Donna, who just didn't care
anymore. She pumped herself slowly during her orgasm, as the driver continued to
rub her. As her orgasm faded the driver grabbed her hand holding the dildo, and
brought it to her mouth. Without hesitation she started to lick it clean, and
suck it. All the while she moaned loudly.

"... that's settled than, you arrange everything with Peter, and when in Asia
keep me informed on a daily basis...." ms Brendan said with a raised voice to
overcome the noise of Donna. Robert replied something "...Don't worry, Peter
will give you all info needed, and you will be supported by the American
offices, if not, mail me immediately." Ms Brendan smiled friendly at the
exhausted sucking Donna.

Robert said something again. "Ok will do, you just start packing, and
congratulations, don't disappoint me!" She finally hung up.

Donna was relieved, but also beyond caring. She was tired, her body ached and
tingled at the same time. She had lost her will power.

"Very good Cutty" ms Brendan complimented her "I think you are getting yourself
off faster and faster, despite the hurdles we set up."

Donna just nodded weekly.

"Get her cleaned for her next ordeal." Ms Brendan told the driver, as she picked
up her phone again and continued with her business. The driver took the humble
Donna and guided her to the shower. There Donna was bathed thoroughly. The
driver washed her everywhere and especially in her private parts. The humiliated
Donna just let it happen.

Next she was dried and told to sit in front of the mirror, where the driver
applied make up, and brushed her long hair. The treatment actually helped Donna
get to her senses again, especially when she was balsamed again with soft gel,
making her tortured skin feel much better.

A thankful and born again Donna followed the driver out of the bathroom and onto
the bed again.

"I will give you another enema." The driver spoke "keep still, keep your ass up,
and hold it in when I remove the tube afterwards. Put your butt plug in and then
walk with me to the bathroom where you can relief yourself."

Donna reluctantly did as she was told. Naked on her hands and knees on the bed
she pressed her breast on the bed, so her ass was turned upwards as much as
possible.

"Bend your back also when you are in this position." The driver instructed, and
Donna complied.

"When will this end?" she thought as she felt the tube being inserted, much
easier this time, and the liquid streaming slowly into her bowels.

As she lay on the bed with her ass up in the air the driver arranged her next
torture. Ms Brendan was still calling her business associates.

After what seemed hours the tube was removed, and Donna, as instructed inserted
her butt plug. She was lead to the toilet, where she released the liquid. The
disgusting sounds, acts, humiliated Donna deeply. She was now regaining her
stature, but was broken. She didn't had the guts to object to anything they
would have her do.

"How will I get out of this" she could only think, but no solution came to her
mind.

Totally cleaned she was lead inside the room again. It was getting dark outside
she noticed as she looked through the window.

Ms Brendan had finished her calls and was eating a sandwich. This reminded Donna
she was hungry too.

"No food yet for you, Cutty." Ms Brendan smiled as she saw the hungry look on
Donna's face "We just cleaned you're bowels, so we got to use them before we
fill it up with food again."

She let the naked Donna wait in front of her, while she finished eating.

"Ok" she finally said, licking her fingers on purpose "Now here is what we'll do
now." She looked Donna in the eye "You will turn around, bend over, spread your
legs, and ask me to fuck you in the ass, deep and hard." Donna shuddered at the
thought of being ass fucked again.

"However, that's not all " ms Brendan continued " when bend over, you will lick
the driver's pussy. As a relief you must rub your own pussy. We will stop when
you come, however, the driver must too. So if you come too fast, you will have
to come again before we stop."

Donna nodded "Yes ms Brendan" and she turned around

"How come I just comply? What happened to my will power?" she cursed herself for
her weakness "But if I object, I will only make it worse, now it is not the time
to rebel." She convinced herself, as she bent over and placed her hands on the
bed.

Her pretty face was in front of the pussy of the driver, and she saw for the
first time the piercing she had. "Awful!" she thought "This must hurt all the
time! If I compare it with my sensitive clit..." which reminded her to rub
herself.

"P-please, ms Brendan" she said meekly

"Yes Cutty?"

"Please, ms Brendan, please fuck me in my ass." Donna said humiliated. After all
she went through she still found this extremely humiliating. However she knew
she had to comply. "Please?"

"Ok, Cutty, I will, you just start without me." Ms Brendan replied.

Donna slowly started to lick the pussy in front of her, and tried to relax her
ass. She waited for the moment her pain would begin. The rubbing of her lips and
clit soon had the desired effect, with some spit as she was taught, and soon she
found herself licking the driver and masturbating in front of ms Brendan.

"What is she waiting for?" Donna thought, but concentrated on her work. Soon the
driver's pussy was responding, and the blond pussy juiced up nicely. She knew
she was doing a good job. Meanwhile she fingered herself to a horny state, and
she started to feel aroused again, to her own shame.

That's when ms Brendan placed her strap on against her ass hole. "She was
waiting for me to be turned on" Donna understood. She frantically started to
masturbate faster, as she knew that would at least give her some distraction to
the pain to come. Ms Brendan smiled down on the bend over housewife, and slowly
entered the dildo into the little hole she held up to her.

Donna grunted, and wiggled her ass, but did not really put up a fight anymore,
ms Brendan noticed. Actually Donna rubbed herself faster, and licked the driver
more intense, as to muffle her own screams. Ms Brendan enjoyed humiliating Donna
some more by agonizingly slowly penetrating her ass. She loved the way Donna
reacted to the pain by indulging herself into the sex act.

Donna from her side only tried to forget the pain. She rubbed her lips and clit,
knowing she had to come, and she licked the drivers pussy as she had to come
too.

The driver turned out to be not that easily aroused. For Donna it felt like ages
until finally some juices were coating the lips and clit of the driver. She
tried everything to get the woman aroused, but nothing really worked. And all
the while her ass got fucked steadily. After the initial slow penetration ms
Brendan had picked up a regular speed, and pounded away. It was a constant pain
for Donna, a constant distraction. She herself was already on the verge of an
orgasm, despite the pain. And when the driver didn't come fast enough, she just
decide to relief herself, as a way to get rid of the pain momentarily.

"Good Cutty, a nice come" ms Brendan said as she felt Donna spasm underneath
her. "Let me help you enjoy it a little more" and she pounded extra hard and
rough into Donna's ass, causing her to scream into the pussy of the driver. The
driver expertly muffled the sounds by pushing her pussy hard onto the face of
Donna.

"Fuck me, fuck why?" Donna screamed into the pussy, as her body was rocked with
the mixture of pleasure and awful pain. She felt her body react violently and
she lost control and fell limp for a while. Her ass spasmed, her pussy spasmed,
her whole body shook.

"Ooooooh" Donna just moaned.

When she came back to the living she still felt ms Brendan fucking her in her
ass, and the driver was still riding her face.

"Oh shit" Donna thought as she felt her body come back to her, including the
pain. "Please come, please come!" she wished silently as she licked the drivers
lips once again.

She worked for ages on the pussy of the driver, and slowly achieved results. She
herself was easily aroused again, and before she knew it she came again by her
own fingering. This continued for a while. She eagerly worked herself to another
orgasm, as it alleviated her from the pain of the ass fuck, be it momentarily.

But she was extremely frustrated the driver took so long to react on her tongue.
To her luck her ass was getting numb in the process, or her body just got used
to the pain in her ass. She came several times more before finally the driver
really got going.

And as she expertly timed her won orgasm she felt the driver rock hard on her
face as she had her orgasm. Ms Brendan at the same time finished up her ass fuck
with some intense hard pumping. But the pain didn't bother Donna anymore, she
just ignored it as she worked herself quickly to an orgasm. She felt the driver
get off her face as her pussy spasmed one more time, and her ass was freed from
the dildo.

"Good work Cutty" she heard an exhausted ms Brendan say "You came like a
rabbit!"

Ashamed she enjoyed her last orgasm, and the fact her ass was empty again. She
lay bend over the bed, head in the sheets, moaning loudly, her ass up in the
air, her legs a little bended with the knees against the bed. Her hands rubbed
her worn out pussy gently to feel her own orgasm a little bit better.



After a while she felt herself being turned and tied again.

"Open up" ms Brendan said as Donna opened her eyes. A ball gag was inserted
again. The driver tied her down on the bed. They took their time in really
securing her to the bed this time. When they were finished she hardly could
move, and was spread eagle on the bed.

"This just for you to enjoy yourself some more" ms Brendan said as she smiled
down on the exhausted helpless housewife, and inserted a big red vibrator, and
turned it on. It wasn't that big, and Donna felt not too uncomfortable with it.
It had a thick part which rubbed her sensitive clit too, which was a bit
annoying, but she was happy her ass was getting a rest.

"Cutty, let me explain myself once again." Ms Brendan said as she positioned
herself on the bed, next to Donna's naked body. "I love women, as you know" she
stroke Donna's body as she said this "But I have, as you have found out by now,
I think, some rather strange tastes with respect to sex."

Donna looked at ms Brendan, as she saw the driver collect some rather
frightening tools.

"I love control." Ms Brendan said as she let her hand drift over Donna's body "I
crave control during sex. Foreplay for me is controlling, submitting my
partners, or partners."

"When you lick me..." Ms Brendan looked her in the eye "... I come best when I
see you humiliated face. I love it when I see you submit against my will."

"And so, I want to control you more and more, as we go on, I will control you
more and more" she corrected herself "You understand there is nothing you can do
about that?"

Donna nodded, she understood, but didn't like it.

"Will you submit, humiliate yourself, just for me?"

Donna nodded, she was getting nervous as the driver placed a tray next to ms
Brendan.

Ms Brendan picked up a bottle and some cotton.

"I will mark you as my girlfriend now" she said "As one of my many girlfriends"

"I will give you my trade mark, a belly piercing"

Donna shook no "Fuck, no, no piercing!" she detested the modern fashion with all
women sporting piercings, especially in their bellies. She had forbidden her
daughters, especially Julie to pierce their body on numerous occasions. She
allowed one hole in the ear, but that was it. "How will I explain them I am
having a piercing myself?" Donna thought.

"No? You don't want no piercing?" ms Brendan said in a mocking voice. She picked
up some clamps, and pinned them on Donna's exposed nipples. The sharp pain made
Donna freeze. She begged ms Brendan to stop the pain, but all ms Brendan did was
pick up a whip with several mean looking thin ropes. Before Donna could do
anything she was being flogged hard and painfully. The thin ropes left angry red
stripes on her belly, breasts, thighs, and even her pussy was not spared.

"I'll ask again." Ms Brendan said, and Donna understood "You want a piercing,
one that shows you being my girlfriend?"

The driver unbuckled the ball gag so Donna could answer.

"Aoooooow, Yes, yes ms Brendan" the tortured Donna replied. Her nipples hurt
from the evil clamps, her upper body felt like it was set to fire, and her ass
was getting more and more painful too.

"Yes what, Cutty?" ms Brendan said as she looked at the whip in her hands

"Yes, ms Brendan, please pierce me, please, please!"

"Okay, swallow the gag again, it's gonna hurt a little" she replied simply.

Donna eagerly swallowed the gag. She noticed the clamps were not removed, but at
least she wasn't whipped anymore. She lifted her head to look at her body. She
saw the angry red stripes, and knew these wouldn't go away that easily. These
would hurt her for a few days at least.

Ms Brendan picked up the bottle with alcohol once again, and cleaned Donna's
belly.

"As I love control, I like a fight too, so by all means, struggle against my
influence on you, as it will make me enjoy my eventual control on you much
more." She looked at the terrified Donna with an evil smile "And it will cause
you so much more pain an trouble, as you have noticed."

"Donna, I have big plans for you." She continued as she put away the bottle and
cotton "You are smart, have a loving family, have everything going for you, even
a job by now." Donna didn't listen anymore, she saw the needle in the hands of
ms Brendan.

"People will wonder why you did what you did" ms Brendan continued ignoring
Donna's struggles "But I will know why, because I controlled you, and you did
everything I told you to. You will see, in time you will obey me in everything,
and once you do, life will be so much easier for you..." Donna felt the pain in
her belly as the needle went through her skin. Ms Brendan just went on with her
monologue ".. not too easy, I agree, it will be humiliating at times, but if you
follow my rules, my control..." the needle was through the skin now, Donna felt
it poking out on both sides "... you'll might even learn somethings. You will do
things you never thought were possible. You will love me for it..." she picked
up a piece of jewelry ".. and if not, you will pretend convincingly you do. All
my girlfriends love me, and if I feel they do not, I make them love me all over
again."

Donna just shrugged as her belly was pierced. She felt the needle leave her
body, some burning pain, and next the jewelry was inserted.

"Done." Ms Brendan sat up straight "It will be a little bit sensitive for a
while, but don't worry, you can handle that." She signaled the driver to remove
the gag.

"Thank you." Donna sighed, as she could breath freely again.

"So, tell me Cutty, what is it going to be?" ms Brendan looked at Donna with a
authoritive smile.

"What does she want from me now?" Donna thought, as she had missed ms Brendan's
whole monologue due to the painful piercing.

"Will you let me control you from now on? Will you love me more than anything?"

"Yes, ms Brendan" Donna replied

"Not convincingly enough" ms Brendan said, and she picked up the whip and
slashed it down on the naked body of Donna. The driver at the head of Donna
inserted the ball gag just in time.

"Tell me again.." ms Brendan said, as the driver removed the ball gag after the
whipping.

"Owwwww, owwwww" Donna moaned softly as her whole upper body ached.

".. No please, ms Brendan, please no more." Donna said as she saw ms Brendan
lifting the whip again.

"Well?"

"...I will, love you, I will obey, please don't hit me anymore, please, it
hurts!" Donna begged

Ms Brendan slashed down on her again, as the gag was inserted.

"Tell me!" ms Brendan said.

"I love you, I only love you!! Please ms Brendan, believe me, please!" a
terrified Donna screamed "I'll do anything, anything for you!"

This interrogation was repeated several times, before ms Brendan was convinced.

She left to the other rooms, and let the driver take care of the tied up whipped
housewife.

The driver placed some ointments on her body, which softened the pain somewhat,
and then left her also alone to her own thoughts. However, the exhausted Donna
just fell asleep immediately.



Aftermath



When she woke up it was night, all the lights were on, and ms Brendan was
sitting on the side of the bed.

"How are we feeling?" ms Brendan asked kindly, as she held a cup of tea in her
hands.

"Awful" Donna replied honestly "..ms Brendan" she added hastely.

Ms Brendan smiled, approving of trying hard to obey her rules.

"Tea?"

"Yes, please ms Brendan" she actually noticed now her gag was removed while she
slept.

"Lift your head." She told Donna. She gave Donna a few sips.

"There now." Ms Brendan said caringly "Not too much at the same time."

"How are the marks feeling?" she asked as she looked at the whip marks across
Donna's body

"They hurt, ms Brendan" Donna replied, "And can you please untie me? The bondage
really hurts."

"No, you better stay tied up. Here drink some more." And she gave Donna a few
sips more. "Look, the marks will be treated by the driver later on. They will
hurt tonight, but if you manage not to touch them, no permanent damage will be
done. That's why you stay tied up. Not because I think you will run away." She
laughed at her last remark.

Donna smiled back "Oh I would run, run far away, ms Brendan" she thought
inwardly.

"I just came to see how your doing, and to tell you what will happen tomorrow,
actually next week." She said, changing the subject.

"Tomorrow we will have an early meeting with the charity for which you will be
working. We will introduce you then to the others. I informed them already this
weekend you will be joining them."

"Basically we just got a lot of money, so we have a lot of possibilities now.
This week the charity will move into a new apartment, we will decide on which
buildings to renovate, and start up each of those. You will have a lot of work
as the new assistant-secretary. You will eventually be in charge of several of
those renovations, and trust me, it is a lot of stress, and hard work. But fun
if you see the result in the end. You will be cleaning up the face of the city!"

Donna listened as ms Brendan continued explaining her work, her new job. It was
really awkward to be lying naked, whipped and tied up on a bed, with her new
boss sitting next to you in some fetish outfit, and just having a business
conversation.

However, Donna found out that after a while she did get excited, and she asked a
lot of questions, at which ms Brendan replied patiently, and thoroughly.

When she finally left, Donna really wondered about her new life.

"Here I am," she thought silently as the driver entered the room to treat her
whip marks. "Tied, humiliated, raped... and excited for my new job at the same
time!" she watch as the driver applied a white cream to her breasts, and belly
"And I'm even pierced!", she remembered "How can I be excited, willing to work
on that new job? Just a while ago I was in extreme agony, at the mercy of these
bitches, and now...."

Her thought were a mix up until she finally fell asleep, long after the driver
had left her alone too. But she fell asleep happily, longing for her new job.





Her new teacher



The next day they drove back to the city. Donna and ms Brendan both dressed as
business women, and the driver in her usual a bit awkward suite.

When Donna woke up in the morning she was not tied up anymore, though still
naked, wearing her heels.

She found out the marks still burned a little, but it was a lot less then the
previous day. Her ass, her pussy, even her tongue was sore of all the fucking,
but she quickly forgot about that as she took a shower, and ms Brendan entered
her room to tell her to be dressed in her new suite within half an hour. Her new
job was waiting.

Ms Brendan and Donna discussed her work again from the breakfast table, up until
the moment the driver parked the car in front of an large office building.

They went in, and were greeted by three other women, who were from the board
Donna was about to join.

Donna fitted right in, she felt, as the women welcomed her enthusiastically, and
told her they would help her get going. During the following meeting, where she
met the other board members, 7 in total, she found out how much she actually had
missed working.

The energy she felt when the projects were discussed. She was really lucky to
have gotten this job.

After the meeting ms Brendan left, and Donna was introduced to the whole staff,
and shown her own, be it small, office. The day flew by, and before she new it
the driver was already at the lobby to pick her up.

A very, very happy Donna walked out of the office building. Life was smiling at
her!

The driver brought her home, told her she would have to get to the office with
her own car from tomorrow on, and left her with all her bags from the weekend at
her own doorstep.

Donna entered her own house with a big smile, and greeted by her two daughters.
They were a bit disappointed she hadn't bought anything for them, but when they
heard about her new job, they all were jumping around with joy. Of course the
girls were expecting more money, more gifts now both their parents were working.

The only awkward moment was when her fresh piercing got stuck in her blouse
again, as it had done the whole day, and Donna without thinking opened her
blouse to unhook it.

"Mum, you pierced yourself!!"

"And what kind of piercing! A belly button. Is this the same mom who said she
would only allow one piercing in each ear?"

Donna had smiled and told them it was a crazy thing she had done, and would
probably get rid of asap. She knew that was a lie, but she didn't want them to
feel free to get one too.

When Robert called they were both enthusiastic about their new jobs, and almost
couldn't let the other one speak out. They laughed a lot together, and promised
to call every day. Donna was so happy Robert didn't make a fuss about her
working.

"Must be because ms Brendan talked with him about it..."

The next days went by in a blur for Donna. She worked long hours to get herself
acquainted with her new activities, and was happy ms Brendan had her driver pick
up the children from school, and even bring them to their after school
activities.

In the weekend she was exhausted, but couldn't wait to tell her friends about
her new job.

And so she had her first all girl friend meeting in a long time again on
Saturday, after her daughters were dropped of at their sports-events.

"Oh, come on, she just gave you the job? No favors?"

"I heard she's a lesbian, that's why I didn't call, I figured you would be
busy!!"

They all laughed, happy to see each other again.

Donna just left out the weird sexual favors she had done for ms Brendan, and
focused on the new job. She could sense they were jealous.

"And what about the new look?" Vivian, her best friend, asked.

"That's my new business look." Donna replied "I am older now, and have to look a
bit more sophisticated, and so had my hair done."

"But wait, that's not all!" she continued "I've been eager to show you girls
this from the very beginning." She stood up and lifted her t-shirt.

"A piercing, the sophisticated women got herself a piercing."

"Cool!"

"Let me see close up, did it hurt?"

"I want one too! Where did you go?"

Donna was proudly showing everyone her belly piercing. She tied up her t-shirt
so it would show from now on. It also stopped it from getting hooked up to her
t-shirt, as it did with everything that covered her belly.

"I still wanted to have a bit of the old girl with me, so I decided to have a
piercing" Donna explained.

"And what will Robert say?" Vivian asked seriously. She new, being her best
friend, that Robert didn't like that kinky stuff. Not even a small tattoo. He
was so focused on his career, and his family had to support him totally in his
goals, piercings, tattoos, kinky stuff. It just didn't fit in that scheme.

"Ah, well, he'll have to get used to it." Donna replied  "I mean, he had taken
pictures of me in the nude, remember, this is pay back time" she whispered in
Vivian's ear.

Smiling Vivian nodded, she knew about the pictures, and thought it fun Donna was
trying to use his one-time kinky-ness to get him to go along with the flow.

The rest of the hours the women just drank, and chatted. When Donna had to leave
to pick up her kids they all wished her well, and they would all meet again at
the birthday of Rosy, somewhere next month.

Donna happily went to pick up her kids. "My life really has turned for the
better!" she thought as she drove on the highway around the city. "The job, the
money, the possibilities, Robert's new assignment..." she thought about the past
weekend "I can live like this, she said she was going to be hard on me the last
weekend, and she will probably be less heavy on me from now on." She felt her
body "No more pain from the whip marks, and only the piercing, well..." she
looked down at her bare belly "...everybody thinks it is ok I did it, so all I
need to do is convince Robert. And find a way to get that thing not to bother me
so much when dressed." Her darker thoughts returned as she thought about the
weekend. "And if she continues to abuse me like this, I will go for help. I
won't let me be taken for a fool." And with that on her mind she hit the gas
some more.



Reality came back to her in the form of a phone call Sunday afternoon. She was
relaxing on her cough when the phone rang. She reluctantly picked it up.

"Hello, Cutty."

It was ms Brendan, and she used the name Cutty. She had not done that in the
past week.

"H-hello ms Brendan." Donna replied, taken by surprise. She looked around where
her daughters were, but luckily they were not in sight.

"Have you enjoyed your week?"

"I have ms Brendan, the work is great, the colleagues too. I'm eager to go to
work tomorrow."

"Well, that will have to wait. You won't be expected tomorrow morning at work.
Instead you will go to my house again. There you will meet you instructor.
Follow every order she gives you, and you will be fine. Have a nice day."

Without waiting for a reply ms Brendan had hung up, leaving Donna wondering what
will happen in the morning. It was clear to her she had not seen the end of her
relationship with ms Brendan, as she had silently hoped.



The next morning a nervous Donna approached the mansion of ms Brendan. She had
called her work to tell them she would be late, and they had confirmed they knew
she had some business with ms Brendan and would be at work in the afternoon.

Donna next saw to it her daughters went to school with the driver, and next she
had 'worked' on herself. Not knowing what to wear she had dressed in one of her
business suites, and just made sure her make up was picture perfect according to
the taste of ms Brendan.

And here she stood, fumbling in front of the mansion. She rang the bell and
waited impatiently. A middle aged woman opened the door, dressed in plain
clothing, a long skirt, and a stylish sweater, with a colorful shawl, and
average high heeled shoes.

"Cutty?" the women asked, obviously expecting her.

"Yes." Donna answered. "that damn nick name" she thought

"Hi, I'm Ninon" she held out her hand to Donna.

"Pleased to meet you." Donna said as she shook Ninon's hand.

"Likewise." Ninon said as she closed the door behind her.

"We are not going into the house today." Ninon explained to the surprised Donna.
"We're going to hit downtown" and they walked to Donna's car.

"It's chilly, let's get in quickly" Ninon said.

They got in and they left.

"Where to?" Donna asked.

"To the gym down by the 'Big View' terrace. You know where that is?"

"Yes, I do." Donna knew all too well. That was where she first met ms Brendan.

"Ok, while you drive let me set up the rules." Ninon said. "Nothing fancy, you
just follow what I tell you to do, and you'll be alright."

"I will be your personal coach. When you are not at work, you will be with me
most of the time, including at your house."

"Excuse me?" Donna said surpirsed "At my house"

"Don't worry" Ninon smiled "I won't sleep over. We'll pretend to be best
friends. And how long it lasts depends solely on you, Cutty."

"How.." Donna started.

"I told you, you just tell everybody I'm your new friend. Including your
daughters, they'll understand you can have new friends, especially now you have
new work."

Ninon looked at the disturbed Donna. "You worry way too much. Just go with the
flow."

A few moments of silence, which ended as Ninon switched on the radio and pop
music filled the air, leaving Donna to her own thoughts.

It was up until they parked the car and were walking up to the gym Donna got a
grip on herself again. "What is this intrusion in my life good for?" she asked
"I've done what she said. I won't have sex with you, I..."

"Cutty" Ninon stopped her. They stood still in the cold street "I've been told
you would follow my instructions. I've told you a little bit of what is expected
of you. If you have any complains, I suggest you talk with ms Brendan, or
whoever. Not with me."

Donna looked at her painfully.

"It is not as bad as it seems. We'll get along quite well. You seem nice and
intelligent." Ninon continued "And it will be to your own advantage too, the
stuff you'll learn. Now let's get in, it's cold out here."

Donna followed Ninon into the gym. The warm air greeted them.

"Ok, first simple assignment: subscribe yourself as a member under the name
'Cutty'. Ask for trainer Bill, he's a hunk, you'll like him for sure. You'll
need to exercise one hour every week day, to keep in shape."

Ninon signaled Donna to go. Reluctantly Donna walked up to the counter.

She did as told, and soon 'Cutty' was the latest member of the 'Big View Gym',
and Bill was her personal trainer.

"What time?" Ninon asked

"Every day from 7 till 8" Donna shighed.

"Leave the sighing for when he's busy with you. He's harsh!" she pulled Donna
outside into the cold "To the car, we need to have some coffee. Warm coffee." 



Donna found herself drinking coffee in one of the lesser parts of town. She felt
rather uncomfortable sitting in her business suite at a cheap table, in a dark
bar. The other guests were all kind of low life. Some drunks, some whores,
pimps, the down side of society.

When the coffee had warmed them a bit Ninon explained why they were here.

"Look around, especially at the ladies of the night." She said. "Not too obvious
you silly girl" she laughed as Donna went looking around a bit too obvious. "You
are already out of place here with your fancy suite."

"But what I want you to look at is the way they act." She said as Donna looked
around less obvious. "Look at their behavior, how they walk, how they flaunt.
Observe for a while, it's fun to see how they lure a costumer inside."

Donna did as told, shy at first she indeed became intrigued with the whole game
that played around them.

"It's like a life dirty movie, isn't it?" Ninon said as she finished her coffee.

"It's fun to watch, but no more." Donna said. "I couldn't sit here all day."

"We're not, look by the way, here's my card, with cell phone number, than you
can call me anytime. I have yours already, so don't bother." She said as she
handed her card. Next she order another round of coffee, and then looked at
Donna again.

"You are a pretty one, ms Brendan does have taste, I must admit." She signaled
Donna to be quiet. "What I will teach you is how to be more attractive to the
male side. I will teach you how to flirt. It's weird, but you'd be surprised how
much you can learn in flirting, and how much you can use it to your own
advantage. Men are so weak."

"Here" she looked around "The ultimate seductions take place. The women are not
drop dead gorgeous, but the good ones manage to get their men anyway." She bent
over to Donna and said "That brunette one over there, skinny as hell, she's
already with her third customer!"

Donna had noticed that girl, woman. And indeed she was good. They both observed
her for a while.

"Now I will teach you how to flirt like that, even better. I will teach you how
to flirt with low lifes, and upper class men. There's not too much difference,
but than flirting is all about detail."

"Let's start with a simple question: what is crucial for a successful
seduction?" Ninon asked. Donna looked at her, wondering what exactly to answer.

"Good looks?" she tried. She was actually not very interested in a lecture about
flirting, and especially not in this cheap bar.

"No, confidence. Confidence makes the look, the look attracts the man, and the
rest is a peace of cake. But to have that confidence..."

And from thereon she was lectured into the finer arts of flirting, seducing men.
They had lunch at the same place, and after the first 'lesson' she was told to
drop Ninon at the center, and she could go to work.



From thereon a routine developed, where Ninon would teach her how to flirt.
First she explained all the theory behind it, next Ninon had her observe the
various ways of flirting. They visited different places, from upper class bars
down to a whore house. They did not enter in the latter, but Ninon and Donna did
chat with some of the women.

Annoying for Donna was the fact that Ninon also invaded her home. She did about
everything except sleeping in her house. And although Ninon was really not an
obnoxious person to be with, she was deliberately invading her personal space,
Donna felt.

Her daughters didn't mind so much and they even liked Ninon, especially as she
gave them money all the time to go someplace else. Somehow Donna did not have
the strength to object these actions. It just gradually creeped up on her. First
is was going to fetch a pizza, ice cream, but eventually she had the girls out
of the house for hours.

And when they were away, her flirting practices began. Also at first slowly,
making faces in front of a mirror (which was actually fun), but soon her
composure was dealt with, the way she was standing, moving around. She was
thought the various ways of walking, the slut walk, the sophisticated bitch, the
normal intelligent women.

Next the way she was dressed was discussed, how she could introduce some signs
to the men.

The first weekend she barely saw her kids. A demanding Ninon made her practice
in front of her mirrors all the ways to flirt. Though she had to admit Ninon had
a good sense of humor, and they laughed a lot. It made it less demanding, but
still at times Donna questioned herself why she was not doing anything about it.

"The simple answer is that I like the new job, the money, and am afraid of the
consequences when I expose myself. I will loose everything, and it will be
pretty embarrassing." Donna explained to herself "So Ninon is not that bad, not
compared to that weekend."

The second week Ninon took her to practice flirting with men out in the open.
She herself showed how to get a free drink in a bar, how to get a man to talk to
her, and next she expected Donna to do the same. Donna was not that
inexperienced in flirting, but going out with the sole purpose of flirting was
something she had not done since she was a teenager. And on top of that, she was
married. But Ninon managed to get her to go along, and the whole week they
challenged each other by testing their skills on better looking men, and younger
men. "The loser has to buy his own drink." Ninon had remarked laughing.



As for her work, Donna enjoyed it more and more. She got some respect from her
colleagues by the way she picked up all the things they showed her, and by the
end of the next week she felt she was ready to be of real value to the team. How
challenging!



That second weekend Robert would come back, and it was actually the first time
since the dreadful weekend they would see each other, and so much had happened.
Friday night Donna sat wondering, after another long night out and dead tired,
what happened to her normal life. She realized now with Robert arriving she had
some explaining to do, first of all her piercing, that would be a very very
nasty discussion she feared. But also her new friend Ninon, and the way they had
gone out. Not that she had spend so much money, but she did neglect the
children. And though they didn't mind, she knew Robert did not approve of her
leaving them alone. "Teenagers are more open to bad influences, so we need to
protect them against that."

Donna worried what she would do if he told her to get rid of the piercing? Or
not to go out with Ninon? She would love to follow his instructions, but ms
Brendan would not like that, and making her angry would end their happy life. A
real fight with Robert too...











The weekend with Robert 



The bell rang as Donna was busy cleaning up the house. Two weeks of neglect had made it very messy indeed, and her daughters hadn�t helped either. Old pizza was everywhere she found out, and the dust...

She opened the door, wondering who it could be. 

�Hello Cutty.� Ninon walked inside. She looked at Donna with disgust. �That�s not the way you planned to see Robert, is it?�

�Of course not, I�m cleaning up the house.� She answered annoyed �What are you doing here Ninon, you know I have to pick up Robert in an hour, so ...�

�Hush� Ninon said �I came to help you pick out the clothes to greet him in, and to bring you to him.�

�You�re bringing me to the airport?� Donna said surprised. She didn�t want that at all. She needed to be alone with Robert and her daughters, she wanted a small family reunion. Some time off from the new life she was in.

�Yes, I will bring you, if you don�t mind.� Ninon smiled �But I know you don�t.�

Donna looked angry at her. �Actually, Ninon...� she started.

�Don�t!� Ninon warned �Any complaints, I suggest you take them up with ms Brendan, Cutty, I told you so before.� She took Donna�s hand. �Let�s go upstairs to fix you up, we only have one hour.� 

Donna was pulled upstairs. Before they entered her room a sleepy Julie peeped out of her room.

�Well hello sleeping beauty!� Ninon smiled at her 

�What�s going on?� the sleepy Julie asked, yawning.

�Your mother and I are going to pick up your father� Ninon explained �But first she needs to �get ready� for him if you know what I mean� she winked at Julie.

�Oh please, spare me the details.� Julie sighed �I thought the whole family had to go?�

�No, you girls were out so late, and what about training?�

�Oh shit� Julie said suddenly wide awake. Her door slammed shut and a loud stumbling could be heard as Julie got herself ready for practice.

As Ninon and Donna entered her bedroom Donna tried to complain once more

�I planned for them to join me.� She said meekly �Robert hoped to have a small family reunion...�

�Well that will have to wait. Besides, this way the girls don�t miss any training� Ninon said brusquely �You go and shower, I will fetch your clothes.�

Donna reluctantly went into the shower, while she heard Ninon go through her closet. She had done so the last week every time they went out, but then it was �fun�, or at least adventurous. Now it was really just invasive. Ninon, or actually ms Brendan, was now really getting between her and Robert, her and her family.

When she walked out of the bathroom her clothes lay ready on the bed.

�It was somewhat difficult to find the clothing to set the right mood, but these will do.� Ninon said. She was sitting on a chair in the middle of the room. �Hurry, we�re getting late.�

�I can�t wear these.� Donna said as she lifted up the garments. �It�s summer clothing, way too cold, and it�s way too revealing for Robert, he...�

�..will like it. Trust me, I know what�s on a man�s mind when he gets home, all enthusiastic of his trip, and full of testosterone.�

�And where is the underwear, you don�t expect me to go out without underwear do you?� Donna complained

�Well, I do actually.� Ninon smiled �Again, he will like it.�

�It�s cold out there, and you don�t know Robert, he will complain, he doesn�t like this kind of kinky play, he..�

�Enough!� Ninon said �Just do what you�re told. Wear this. Cutty, it is not that hard what we�re telling you to do, now is it.�

Silent the two women looked at each other. Donna angry but powerless, Ninon determined and unmoved.

Angrily Donna fetched her clothing and started to dress. �Damn!� she thought �Damn damn damn!�

 �Now let�s put this in order� Ninon said when Donna was dressed fully. She pulled Donna in front of the large mirror and straightened out her clothing.

�You see� she looked through the mirror at Donna �the colorful blouse and the average skirt make you look young, willing and sexy. All we need to do is to put on the right make up now.�

Reluctant Donna sat down and let Ninon do her make up.

Halfway through Julie opened the door and peeked in.

�Mom, we�re going to practice..� a smiling Julie said �Wow... now I understand the change of plans. You obviously want to be alone with dad for a while.�

The door closed �We�ll make sure we don�t arrive home early mom!� and Julie and Trixy were off.

�You see,� Ninon said into Donna�s ear �Everybody understands.�

�No they don�t� Donna thought �We wanted a family reunion, not the focus on sex.� But she sat still, powerless, and let Ninon get her ready.

As they got into the car Ninon gave some more instructions

�It is important to act the part. Remember what we�ve practiced a little this week. You�re appearance must be the same as your mind set, your behavior.�

They drove onto the street �If you don�t you�ll be sending out mixed signals, getting everybody confused, and probably angry.�

Donna silently listened to the instructions, understanding she meant she had to come on to Robert, something she really wasn�t in the mood for.

Ninon turned on the radio to her favorite pop station, and they drove the rest of the road in silence.



Robert�s face was one of surprise, unwanted surprise, when he walked out of the gate and saw Donna standing in her rather out of place summer clothing.

Donna picked up all her courage, and walked over to him smiling, though she died inside as she saw him look her over in obvious disgust. 

�Hi honey, I�ve missed you.� She kissed him and hugged him enthusiastically. He reluctantly hugged her back.

�What�s this..� he asked.

�Oh..� a suddenly unsure Donna replied �I thought... let�s greet you in something special...�

�I am dead tired Donna.� Robert complained �And where are my daughters? I hoped they would be here too.�

�They... went to practice, I wanted to be with you...�

�Donna, I don�t understand you, you know me, we talked on the phone just yesterday.� Robert told her as they started to walk �And now... look at you, you�re dressed like a kind of slut.�

Ninon joined them as they walked out. 

�Hello, I�m Ninon, a friend of Donna.� Ninon said all smiles.

�Uh...hello �Robert said not understanding why she was there. He shook her hand and looked at Donna

�She brought me here� Donna said quickly �You know, not to be all alone out here.�

�And you left our daughters behind, but your friend can come along?� Robert remarked angrily.

�I�m sorry... Ninon it was right?� he apologized to Ninon �This... I�m just disappointed, and exhausted. Let�s just go.�

And they left the airport not saying a word to one another.

Donna tried to touch Robert, but he just shrug her off, and even fell asleep on the way home.

When they drove up to their home Ninon whispered into donna�s ear �I will leave you two love birds alone now. Cutty, you didn�t act as you looked, you were shy, not confident, that gave him the possibility to get angry at you. Think about it.�

She got out and walked over to her car. �You will be called later, to see how you�re doing.�

Donna sat silently with the sleeping Robert in her car. Tears welled up in her eyes, as she cursed herself for being so weak to follow the instructions of Ninon. She was sure she deliberately caused this fight.

�Damn you Ninon, damn you ms Brendan.� She cursed, as she woke Robert up to go into the house.

He silently walked to the bedroom and started to unpack. 

The phone rang and Donna picked it up.

�Hello Cutty� the voice of ms Brendan said.

�H-hello ms Brendan� Donna replied.

�I just heard you are not following instructions.� Ms Brendan started �I am very disappointed.�

�I�m sorry ms Brendan� Donna replied automatically, actually thinking she didn�t really do anything wrong.

�Sorry won�t do. I want you to fuck and please my employee asap.� Ms Brendan said coldly �He has done a marvelous job and needs some enjoyment. You are going to give him that. You�re still inexperienced but he loves you, so that should make up for it. Now go to the bedroom and start fucking. If he refuses, call me at once!�

A perplexed Donna looked at the phone. 

�She wants me to fuck �her employee�� she thought angrily and surprised. Her anger gave her more confidence to protest.

�No, ms Brendan, I know my husband, he is not in the mood, and will just refuse me once again, and be even more disappointed in me!&nbsp; He is really angry at me for my dress, my behavior, and that I let the girls go out.� She bit towards ms Brendan.

�That bad?� Ms Brendan asked, unimpressed by the tone of Donna.

�Yes, that bad.� Donna continued �You are ruining my marriage, ruining my family. And for what? Can�t this stop? Please?�

�No.� Ms Brendan simply answered.

�Why not. I�ve been good, you�ve had your fun. This must stop. I�m married, my family needs to be able to count on me.�

�They can. You are helping them. Isn�t it true he has this great job because you sleep with his boss? Because you are her slut? So how can you ask to change back to your old self? It would probably ruin everything for him.�

�So Cutty, get your act together. I would suggest a good fucking with your husband would get him to see it your way. If not, you will have a big, big problem.�

�Please, ms Brendan�

�Convince him, make him happy, show him you love him. Keep his mind off from the things he dislikes, give him things he likes.� Ms Brendan suggested. �It is the best way to go with men. Don�t loose track of the bigger picture here. He�s not sacrificing anything now is he? And you, you alone have managed to steer your family to a double income highly paid family, with all the luxury that comes with that. You know this.�

�Yes, ms Brendan� Donna acknowledged.

�Ok, Cutty, you go up to your man and fuck his brains out. Give him everything you got, and you�ll see he�ll turn around, and everybody will be happy.�

Donna�s mind was racing through her options.

 �Can I refuse? I don�t think so. And it is something Robert, or any man should like, having a willing wife after weeks away...� She looked up the stairs, where she heard Robert still unpacking. �Well, here we go again� she thought, as she mustered up all her courage, and walked up the stairs.

Five minutes later a tearful Donna was downstairs again. Robert had refused her again, and she never felt so degraded, and mainly angry with herself. How could she have let herself be positioned like this? And now she had to call ms Brendan with the news. What reaction will she have, will she invade her personal life even more?

She picked up the phone and dialed ms Brendan �Should I just not do it? And fake my having had sex with Robert?� she hung up again, and thought it over. �That�s best� she decided, and turned away from the phone. She started to clean up the house again, not wanting to go upstairs to change, as she wanted Robert to cool down.

Just as he walked down the phone rang again. Robert picked it up before Donna, who feared the most.

�Hello ms Brendan, how are you ma�am� Robert said surprised �No everything is fine..... Yes I will return Sunday night to Asia, .... No I haven�t been able to tell my wife yet.... No I just finished unpacking, and she was cleaning up here....Ok, I�ll give her to you.� 

�It�s ms Brendan� he hissed enthusiastically to Donna �She wants to talk to you.�

With a fake smile Donna accepted the phone.

�Hello ms Brendan?� Donna said shyly, knowing all hell could break loose.

�You didn�t fuck, and you didn�t call me� ms Brendan said.

Donna fell silent.

�No, I... I found it too weird.� Donna said honestly �This is a private matter, and...�

�Shut up.� Ms Brendan interrupted �You will fuck him now. I will help you to fuck my employee. When you�re done, you call me again, to explain what you have done to please him, in every detail. I want to know he has been treated well. You will learn that I can be much more annoying in your private life if you do not do as I say, understand?�

�Yes, ms Brendan� Donna stumbled.

�Now give me Robert. You just act correctly, and be horny, smiling to him as I talk with him. Then you will have to comfort him afterwards, as he will be angry as hell at you.�

Donna gave the phone to Robert, who was still nearby �She wants to talk to you.� She said.

Surprised he fetched the horn �Yes, ms Brendan�

Donna watched him, and as she saw his face go grim, she remembered she had to smile and seduce him, and so Donna put on a happy face.

When Robert hung up the telephone he looked at Donna.

�Okay, I will fuck with you, Donna� he said angrily �But damn, why do you have to be so close to ms Brendan, my biggest boss! How can you tell her you have been horny like hell all the time I�m gone? She actually was angry at me for not giving you the attention you �deserved�!!�

Donna smiled sheepish at her husband. This story was better than the truth anyway, but she knew she had to play the act of horny housewife now to stick to the story.

�I�m sorry Robert, it was just women talk, I didn�t expect her to act on it like this.� She told Robert �But come, let�s do it...�



The sex was awkward at the beginning, as both had to come to terms with the situation, but once Robert�s dick entered Donna they both got into it and �slammed� away. Robert complimented for her eagerness, while pinning her on the bed with his throbbing dick. And how much he actually enjoyed her hot behavior. Donna was encouraged by this and tried to increase the pleasure she was giving to Robert. It ended finally with both climaxing hugging each other tightly.

�Oh, man, that was great!� Robert complimented her �I�m sorry I was such a pain in the ass, it was probably the stress of work and traveling. But this was great!�

Donna smiled and kissed him passionately. �When you�re up to it we do it again� she smiled. 

Then she suddenly remembered she had to call ms Brendan as instructed. She jumped out of the bed, and walked out of the room, putting on some panties and her night gown. �I�m fetching myself a drink, want some too?� she used as an excuse.

�Yes, please...�Robert replied, as he fell back on the bed, exhausted by his wife.

Donna picked up the phone downstairs and called ms Brendan.

�You�ve learned fast.� Ms Brendan started

�Yes, ms Brendan� Donna said meekly.

�You did fuck him?� 

�Yes ms Brendan�

�He enjoyed it?� yes ms Brendan

�He came in you?�

�Yes ms Brendan� Donna was getting furious at this line of questioning. This was supposed to be a private matter between a wife and husband, now this woman...

�Ok, let�s check this.� Ms Brendan interrupted her thoughts �Put on some high heels and walk outside to the waiting car in front of the garage.�

Donna looked surprised at this and didn�t make a move

�Right now!� ms Brendan shouted.

�Yes, ms Brendan� Donna woke up and quickly put on some high heeled shoes she found in the closet and walked outside, wearing just heels, panties and her night gown

�Damn, she got me walking in my night gown outside in brought day light!� she looked around if anyone would see her. �Where is her car?� Then she noticed Ninon�s car in front of the garage, up their drive way.

She quickly ran to it and got in, looking around if anyone saw her.

�She�s in ms Brendan� Ninon said into her portable once Donna closed the car door. She lay the phone on the back seat of the car.

�Ok Ninon� Donna heard ms Brendan�s voice �What is she wearing?�

�Just her night gown, panties and high heels� Ninon said.

�Ok Cutty, get rid of the panties.� Ms Brendan directed.

Donna didn�t know what to do. She looked embarrassed at Ninon who just smiled at her and nodded, encouraging her to follow the instruction.

Reluctantly she removed the panties.

�Give them to me.� Ninon said �She has removed her panties, ms Brendan�

�Ok, now spread your legs Cutty.� Ms Brendan continued.

Donna complied.

�Lift them up on the dashboard� 

Donna lifted her legs. Ninon nodded again �She has done as you said ms Brendan�

�Cutty, show Ninon you have had sex with your husband, show her his cum.�

Donna looked surprised at the phone on the back seat.

�Dip your finger deep into your pussy and let me see the mixture of your love making.� Ninon explained.

Donna slowly moved her right hand to her pussy.

�Go on, before she gets angry, she�s very impatient you know.� Ninon warned. �You�re testing her limits, and that�s not wise.�

Donna�s fingers dug deep into her still wet pussy and when she pulled them out they were coated in a slimy mixture of her cum and Roberts.

Ninon grabbed her hand and moved it close to her face. She inspected it, smelled it and then nodded approvingly.

�She definitely has had sex ms Brendan, I smell her husband�s cum, and her juices also. Her pussy is still glimmering from the juices.�

�Good.� Ms Brendan�s voice said �You see Cutty, you forced me to check on you, as you disobeyed my previous instructions. This is much more embarrassing isn�t it?�

�Y-Yes, ms Brendan� a red Donna replied.

�Will you ever disobey me again?�

�No, ms Brendan.�

�Stick your hand into your mouth and lick it clean.� Ms Brendan order

Donna knew she was testing her again. She looked at Ninon for help, but she just made a gesture to do as she was told. With a sigh she brought her hand to her mouth and licked it clean. She could clearly taste her own cum and Robert�s. �How disgusting!!� 

�More sucking, make it really clean.� Ninon said, warning her.

When she pulled her hand from her mouth Ninon told her to lick her fingers clean.

Finally, after what seemed ages to Donna, her hand was clean enough for Ninon.

�She has cleaned her hand.� Ninon told ms Brendan

�Yes, but not without specific instructions from you. Cutty, put your hand back into that wet pussy of yours and lick your hand clean, and do it good this time. Be eager about it. If Ninon needs to give additional instructions again, you�re in for it!�

Donna knew she had to follow the instruction, and saw no way out. She brought her hand back into her pussy, pulled it out and started to suck and lick it clean. 

�She�s doing very well ms Brendan� Ninon said as she gave Donna a thumbs up.

Thankfully Donna smiled at Ninon as she licked her fingers clean.

�Have her doing it with both her hands until her pussy is clean, check it, and let her go back to her husband inside.� Ms Brendan told Ninon.

�Cutty, when you�re back inside you�ll fuck Robert as much as possible. Suck his dick to get him up and running, rub it, do whatever to get him going. I have a number in my head of the minimum amount you must fuck him this weekend. Every time after you�ve had sex you call me, so I can keep track. Don�t disappoint me again!�

�No ms Brendan� Donna replied sheeply.

�Ok, go about it, and till our next call Cutty.� And ms Brendan hung up.

After a short silence Ninon spoke �Well Donna, you better get to it before Robert or your daughters, neighbors see you sitting here naked, licking your own cum.�

Donna looked helplessly at Ninon, but seeing she wouldn�t budge she reluctantly started to �clean� her pussy with both her hands, licking them clean with her mouth.



After almost a half hour she was allowed to go and she walked naked back into the house, Ninon had kept her panties. She shrugged as it was cold outside, and was happy to be in the safety of her house once again. She recalled she told Robert she was getting a drink for them, so she went to the kitchen and poured them both a soft drink, and went upstairs.

She lay besides the sleeping Robert and slowly drank, thinking of her complex situation.

After some time she woke him up, giving him his drink, and started slowly fondling his dick. She had decided to play along this weekend. She saw no other option at the moment, and on the other side, she wanted to fuck her husband badly after all these weeks of no sex, apart from that horrible weekend. And Robert wouldn�t mind either.

Sleepy Robert reacted, and as soon as he got hard she straddled him. When she rocked him for a few minutes he really woke up with a smile, and finally responded.

�I thought you didn�t approve of me anymore.� She said softly as she sat up straight.

�Oh no baby, just that I�m dead tired, I think.� Robert replied, as he caressed her breast.

And that�s when he finally noticed her piercing.

�What have you done?� he remarked, obviously disapproving, though Donna felt his dick throbbing just a bit more.&nbsp; 

�Oh,...� Donna said. She hadn�t thought of this problem anymore. �Well....� she felt his dick still hard, so she knew it aroused him sexually, �I�d hoped you would find this sexy...�

�That�s not the point dear.� Robert replied �What will the other people think when they see this� he touched the piercing with its small chain. �It�s so not you, so not appropriate.�

�Nobody will see if you don�t want that to happen, dear� she said as she rocked him just a bit harder to distract him. It worked and he started to concentrate on the fucking once more. They picked up speed and she new he was about to come, again.

�How often have we done it twice in a day lately?� Donna wondered, as she felt herself getting excited at that thought. �How often would ms Brendan expect us to do it?�

�Oh baby, yeah!� Robert started to moan, and Donna joined him to get him off. She herself was nowhere near an orgasm, but she excitedly postponed her own relief for the next �A third time would be close to a personal record!�.

Robert shot his second load into her, and happily fell back into the pillows. Almost immediately dozing off again.

Donna stood up and slowly walked down stairs again, and made the necessary phone call.

�Very good Cutty� ms Brendan approved �Just remember, I have a number in my head you have to reach, and it is in the double figures, so you have little time till Sunday evening. � 

After ms Brendan�s remark Donna shrugged, and walked upstairs. �Better try to do it one more time before our daughters come back home.� 

It turned out to be difficult to get her husband going a third time. Not only was he vast asleep, but his dick just didn�t respond to her fondling. She tried kissing it, sucking it for a while, but it took a good half hour for him to react, and when he was hard and waking up, her daughters came home.

�Damn� Donna thought exhausted herself from her efforts. She heard her daughters coming up the stairways, and she quickly went into the shower.

They didn�t had a chance to do it that day. 

The girls were delighted with their gifts and the family had a wonderful time together since long. They had a delicious meal prepared by the whole family, and Donna found herself drinking a coffee looking at her exhausted family watching television. All looked perfect and she enjoyed the moment. 

That�s when the phone rang. Donna picked it up and her fear became truth.

�I didn�t receive any calls from you Cutty.� Ms Brendan started right of. �You know what is expected from you...�

�Yes, ms Brendan� Donna replied as she walked out of the living room. �But with my daughters here I can�t possibly fuck my husband.�

�Just ask them to entertain themselves while the parents have a quicky.� Ms Brendan replied �It�s either that, or you won�t reach your quota, Cutty.�

�I can�t do that!� Donna replied not believing ms Brendan was serious.

�You can my dear, it is your choice to do it or not.� Ms Brendan said coldly �And if you don�t reach your quota, you will have to pay the price for your disobedience.�

�And that is going to be high, very high.� She added.

A silence fell as Donna�s mind was once again racing through her options. She knew she couldn�t possibly have a quicky now, even if she did as was told, Robert would refuse. She just had to fuck her husband a lot tonight...

�I�ll hear from you later.� Ms Brendan broke the silence, and hung up.

Donna joined the family again after some thinking time. �I�ll fuck Robert tonight like crazy.�

When they finally went to bed she managed to have sex with her husband five times. And she even managed to call ms Brendan after each time, using excuses as fetching a drink, cleaning up, etc. As it was late at night she left the messages on her answering machine.

Sunday morning reached and the count was on 7. Donna woke up exhausted as the light shone into their window.

�Tataaa!� her daughters marched into the room with breakfast trays. �We made breakfast for the family. Hope you�ll enjoy it.�

As they jumped on the bed and woke Robert Donna had conflicting thoughts. Though she loved her daughters, she was worried as she missed a great opportunity for another �shag� or two. How would she reach the two figures, let alone the figure ms Brendan had in mind. For sure it was not 10.

�Oh boy, what a treat.� Robert said �Just what I needed, I feel exhausted, must be the jet leg.� And he winked at Donna, who politely smiled back.



The whole day she was not able to get Robert away from the kids. As the day passed she tried more and more to seduce him, knowing trouble would come if she didn�t do as ms Brendan said, even though it repelled her more and more.

But Robert avoided her more the more she tried to seduce him. Her daughters made her situation even worse when they asked Robert what he thought of mom�s piercing, eventually even asking if they could have one now too.

A very angry Robert told her, no, demanded of her she would get rid of the piercing by the time he got back from his next two weeks in Asia.

Donna had to promise she would remove it, and thus had an additional problem she knew. Ms Brendan would never agree for her to remove it, for sure not now she hadn�t reached her quota. On top of that at the end of the family day she had achieved piece with Robert again, and that itself was a miracle. But no way she could pull him into bed anymore.

As night fell he started packing and even send her out of the room, as he got annoyed by her coming on to him.

A troubled Donna went into the kitchen and started to wash the dishes as she nervously thought about the possible consequences of her not reaching the amount of fucks ms Brendan wanted her to have with Robert.

Robert leaving didn�t help her emotional state, as she felt left alone, like a prey for the big bad wolf. She wanted him to stay, but couldn�t bring herself to say it out loud. She knew he had to go.



The whole evening she expected a phone call of ms Brendan, but non came. Her daughters noticed something was going on, but they figured that mom was just missing their father. They tried to cheer her up, but at last went to bed leaving Donna alone in front of the television. That�s were the worried Donna fell asleep.











Ms Brendan�s punishment



When she woke up it was still dark, but given the time of year that didn�t mean she was early for work. She jumped from the couch and looked around wide awake. Worried first about being late, but when she heard the phone ring, her fear for ms Brendan came back.

She turned on the light of the living room and answered the phone. It was 7 in the morning she noticed.

�H-hello?� she said into the phone with a soft voice.

�Morning Cutty, did I wake you up, you sound so sleepy?� a mocking ms Brendan replied.

�No I just..� Donna started

�How many times? Ms Brendan interrupted.

�7, ms Brendan.� Donna answered.

�Not even the double figures, poor Robert.� Ms Brendan said �And poor Cutty. Look, meet me at my house at nine, wear something very short. We will discuss your misbehavior.� And she hung up.

�Oh boy� was all Donna could say as she hung up the phone. After nervously walking around for half an hour she heard the alarms of her daughters and knew she best get ready. She went upstairs and showered, and dressed as if she was going to work. Yet in a separate bag she placed her short dress she was told to wear.

Breakfast was as usual fast as everybody was in a hurry.

�You�re over dad�s leaving right mom?� Lucie asked as she kissed Donna goodbye and ran off to the waiting car without waiting for an answer.

Donna locked the house, got into her car. 

�At least the driver is still picking them up...� she thought as she started the car, and drove out of her garage.

�Better be on time, and I still need to change in the car...� and she hurriedly drove out of the neighborhood.

Wearing a long coat and her short dress she walked up the lane to ms Brendan�s mansion. It was cold and she was shivering as she waited for someone to open the door.

Donna was surprised when it was Ninon who opened the door.

�Walk right through to the living room Donna.� Ninon said as she took her coat. 

�I shouldn�t be too surprised at seeing her here.� Donna thought as she gave her coat and walked into the living room �After all she was appointed to me by ms Brendan.�

Ms Brendan awaited her in the living room. Donna shrugged as she saw no smile on her face. 

�Am I expected to kiss her like I usually do?� she wondered �Better do it.� She figured. She looked over her shoulder but Ninon was still busy with her coat, and so she quickly walked up to ms Brendan. As ms Brendan remained seated she bent over and kissed her. �I love you ms Brendan.� She whispered as convincingly as she could, to please ms Brendan. Ms Brendan�s left hand held Donna head, as she locked on her lips, and the kiss went on until Ninon entered the room, and sat down. She acted as if nothing weird was going on.

�She looks like she is used to this.� A shamed Donna thought as she finally was let loose.

�Sit� ms Brendan ordered her, and pointed to a bar stool standing opposite of&nbsp; ms Brendan and Ninon.

With her short skirt she did her best not to show too much cleavage.

�I think Ninon is used to much more actually � she thought looking uncomfortable to the two ladies sitting in front of her. �She has me seen licking myself this weekend already.... it is awful to be ordered around like this!�

�Now these instructions you did follow to the letter.� Ms Brendan started �But only 7 fucks is way too few. My employee deserved much more. You had time enough.�

Donna tried to protest but was silenced immediately. She hated it went she called Robert �her employee�.

�I am pondering on destroying your life as it is: firing your husband and you, and spreading some gossip about you and me.� Ms Brendan said as usual pretty direct. �You want that?�

�No ms Brendan� Donna answered, not really impressed.

�You think I won�t , do you� ms Brendan said �Well that�s your risk to take, isn�t it Ninon.�

�Yes ms Brendan.� Ninon said as she looked coldly at Donna.

�I�ve done her nothing, why does she give me that look?� Donna wondered, but remained calm, much to her own surprise.

�Cutty, we�ll start with taking away half you allowance, we�ll cut your job in half, how does that sound?�

Donna didn�t like that, as she loved her new job.

�Please, ms Brendan...� she started, knowing, thinking she was expected to plead, beg for her job back.

�No,no,no my dear, that is irreversible. What you can fight for is half the job of Robert right now. Or do you want me to cut that one in half to?�

Donna started to panic a little now, this was bolder than she imagined. She expected ms Brendan would use blackmail, but not like this. Not this fast and direct.

�Please, no ms Brendan�

�Well at least your attitude has changed for the better.� Ms Brendan said coldly, �But will you follow my instructions next time?�

�I�ll try ms Brendan, it was...� Donna tried to explain

�Will you follow my instructions?� ms Brendan said �After all, they are not that hard are they: go out with Ninon, have few fucks with your husband, wear something sexy for me...�

�The only really hard moment was that Sunday we raped you right?�

�Yes ms Brendan� Donna admitted

�And she even then followed my instructions.� Ms Brendan said to Ninon �You would have expected her to complain at that moment.�

Ninon smiled sarcastically at Donna. Donna never felt so small and ashamed. 

�We fucked her in every hole with our dildo�s, made her scream in agony, scream in joy, we played with her feelings, exhausted all her senses, oh it was such fun!�

�I can imagine...� Ninon replied looking at Donna.

Donna shifted nervously on her stool. She felt very unpleasant, and started to fear where this conversation was leading to. �Hopefully not yet another fuck session...�

�Now to save hubby�s job, and his self esteem, I suggest you surrender yourself to save the family income and even more important the family prestige. You�ve already lost quite a bit thanks to your own fault.�

�Yes, ms Brendan.� �Here she comes with her new demands, what will it be: fucking Ninon.� She looked at Ninon, who just gazed back without any emotion, even with anger. �No help from that side� she concluded.

When her eyes locked back at ms Brendan ms Brendan gave her new demands:

�First of all, Ninon will get a permanent room in your house, she can use your guest room.� Ms Brendan said �That way the both of you can get more acquainted, but more important, she can train you better that way.�

Donna saw Ninon smile dirty as she looked at ms Brendan. �She already knew this was going to happen obviously.�

�She will not stay permanent, but if she needs a place to crash or whatever, that room wil be hers. You�ll explain that to your family.�

�Next, Ninon will pick up your sex education.� Ms Brendan continued, �This will mean more going out, but also some new gym exercises, apart from the ones you do with Bill�

�Sex education?� Donna wondered. She decided not to protest yet, and let ms Brendan finish her instructions.&nbsp; �Ninon seemed so nice, so normal. Not at all a women who would know that much about sex, let alone teach it.� Donna wondered

�I see your look of surprise Cutty� ms Brendan smiled �Just learn from this lesson: if you follow my instructions life stays as it is, it might even become pleasant: more money, nice friendly people, and only some minor �disturbances�.� She stared straight into Donna�s eyes �Disobey me, only slightly, and all things turns vicious.�

�You will follow Ninon�s instructions at all times, is that clear?� she waited for an answer.

�Yes ms Brendan� Donna replied, still patiently waiting for her to finish.

 �Your old schedule still holds, so there is the spa Thursdays, gym with Bill every day, work half days, your diary needs to be kept up to date.�

�Ninon will add things to the schedule, I figure, but she will inform you on that.� 

�Any questions?�

Donna pondered her options quickly. �If I leave now Robert looses his job, and the family will be the disgrace of the neighborhood, let alone the shame for both Robert�s and my family. But if I go through with this I have Ninon invading our house, and I will be her puppet.�

�The sex education, what does that entail?� Donna asked.

�I will basically teach you how to fuck properly� Ninon replied coldly

�But does it involve other men, do we fuck with each other?�

�It�ll basically be to prep you for your love making with ms Brendan, so it will involve dildo�s, we�ll fuck, better you�ll learn how to satisfy me as a women, so no other men.�

�Until you decide to fuck up again and we might have you gang banged� Ms Brendan remarked.

Donna couldn�t make out if ms Brendan was serious about that or not. She was smiling at Ninon as she said it, still...

�And the other activities, what will they be?�

�You�ll see, just keep in mind it is all focused on prepping you for sex with ms Brendan, the one you love. It�s to bring out the vixen that�s within you, the real slut.� Ninon indicated.

�My family, they will notice?� She wondered

�I won�t tell if you don�t tell.� Ninon said �They will notice you changing your appearance, but that�s all.�

�How much will my appearance change?� Donna asked, �I won�t be turned into some hooker right?�

�Not if you behave.� Ms Brendan answered �I don�t fancy that look. But daring for sure, a little slutty.�

�If you act the part, they will accept the new you, and think nothing of it, other than mom�s �new groove�� Ninon agreed.

�So if I go along, my family will be left alone.� Donna wanted to be sure on this.

�No harm will be done.� Ms Brendan acknowledged. �You�re prepped for me, not your family�

A small silence fell as Donna again raced through her options.

�Just as when you started Cutty,� ms Brendan spoke up �You can always choose the poverty and misery option.�

�You�ve already taken half my allowance, ms Brendan.� Donna brought in.

�No, my dear Cutty, you�ve decide to give that up by disobeying. Every time you don�t do as told, there are harsh consequences.� Ms Brendan corrected her. 

�And look what you are asking me to do: letting a women into my house and sexually abuse me!� Donna tried again.

�And every time you don�t follow up on our orders the next ones become tougher� ms Brendad responded smiling �It�s the best way to teach someone to obey. That way you know better to disobey an order you find too tough, as the next one for sure will be much harder.�

Donna felt defeated again. 

�Look at the positive side Cutty, you still have your job, though it is now part time, and you�re hubby has a great job, enough money to go around, so no more worries with mortgages, car loans, and, if you can see it that way, you�ll learn a lot more about sex than your next door neighbor.�

Donna knew she would give in once again.

�Can I win preferences back?� Donna asked, giving herself away as she did.

Ms Brendan smiled victorious as she looked Donna straight into the eye �No, once lost you can�t go back. But you can turn things to the better for you by being pro-active. You know how I love it when someone is like that. You might win back your job if you�re very good at it, and if you manage to squeeze it into our schedule? That�s all up to you.�

�Okay, I�ll go along.� Donna said as she looked at Ninon and ms Brendan still a little worried, but seeing that option as the one giving her less problems.

�We don�t want you to just go along, Cutty.� Ms Brendan demanded �We want you to actively participate.�

�Okay, ms Brendan. I�ll actively partivcipate� Donna said meekly.

�Fine.� Ms Brendan said as her look softened �Then won�t you strip for us, with a smile.�

Donna had expected this. She let out a small sigh, and put up the best smile she could muster, and started to undress.

�Look at us while you�re undressing. See it as your gift to us.�

Donna did as told. She even undressed slowly and sexy, for as far as she felt sexy at the moment. 

�Stop!� ms Brendan said as she had opened her blouse�s front fully, exposing her bra.

Ms Brendan and Ninon got up and walked up to her. 

�You see how beautiful she is?� s Brendan asked Ninon.

�Yes, ms Brendan, a pure beauty, you indeed have a good eye.� Ninon acknowledged.

�Unzip your bra� ms Brendan instructed.

Reluctantly, but with a smile, Donna unzipped her bra, letting it fall to the ground.

�Now won�t you look at these!� ms Brendan cupped a breast, lifted it slightly, and looked at Ninon for approval. �Look how full still, despite breastfeeding two children. Look at the nipple, it not too large, it�s robust, just right. And look at the small dots circling it. A perfect circle. These breast won�t need much surgery to overcome aging.�

�Please push your breast forward Cutty.� And Donna did, ashamed, but also a little aroused at the soft touching of her breast.

�Look at her skin, it�s soft, it�s nicely toned.� Ms Brendan continued 

�And she has a perfect figure too.� Ninon added to the stream of compliments.

�Please pull off your skirt Cutty.� Ms Brendan said as she pushed the open blouse further back exposing Donna�s breast fully. �Look at these, I just can�t get enough of the sight!�

Ms Brendan gently wiggled Donna�s breasts, causing her nipples to stand erect.

Ninon meanwhile stroked the cheek of Donna gently, as she smiled at her, and looked her straight into the eyes. Her hand softly went down her jaw, down on to her neck.

�Look goose bumps!� Ninon smiled at ms Brendan as Donna reacted to her touches.

Donna meanwhile tried to take off her skirt still sitting on the high stool, and confused with all the touching of her upper body.

�No panties, ok� ms Brendan approved as the skirt came down. Donna blushed automatically, yet kidded the shirt gently from her feet.

Naked except for her blouse, which didn�t cover much, she sat on the stool as the two ladies beside her fondled her body.

�The training has done wonders on her body.� Ms Brendan said as she felt Donna�s thighs.

�You always had a good eye for beauty, ms Brendan.� Ninon replied, as she fondled the hair of Donna.

�Yes, I can spot good genes from far.� Ms Brendan said, she was fondling Donna�s lips now.

As the fondling and the compliments over her body continued Donna heated up slowly, she felt her body respond to the touches. The compliments made her feel comfortable.

�So different from the last weekend with her.� She thought as she was told to turn around and bend over the stool. They started to fondle her ass.

�And I think she herself doesn�t even know what beauty she is.� Ms Brendan said.

�Do you think you�re an exceptional beauty Cutty?�

�No, ms Brendan� Donna said as calmly as possible. They both were opening up her ass hole and softly fondling her slit.

�She�s getting hot.� Ninon found out as her finger gently went a little deeper into her pussy.

�Cutty look at the big white wall on the side.� Ms Brendan instructed, and Donna looked up at the wall.

Two pictures of naked women of around her age were shown. They were posing on a stool just like hers. 

�These are two �professionals�, Cutty� ms Brendan explained. �They do nude modeling, as well as parties, if you know what I mean.�

�You may noticed the stool is the same as yours. The pictures are taken right here too. I hired them for one of my parties. I even enjoyed them on several occasions.�

�Now look at this.� Ms Brendan said, she heard a click and suddenly a third picture appeared of her bending over as she was now.

�That�s you. I have a camera here and the pictures are directly projected on the wall. Fabulous wireless technology.� Ms Brendan smiled.

�And don�t worry, these pictures will be deleted.� She remarked accentuating these.

Donna knew she reminded her of how it all began. With her semi nude pictures. She looked at the wall as she was turned around and ms Brendan took more pictures. They all appeared on the wall.

�You�ll have to admit you are a beauty. You look even better that these pro�s and they are dressed for the occasion!� ms Brendan spoke to Donna. Ninon was caressing her nipples and stroke her arm softly.

Donna had to admit she looked stunning. She had always been proud of her figure, though she never really showed off. But now with her training her body looked at its best, though her tits hang a bit too much to her liking. However, what disturbed her more was the wedding rings she saw by both �professionals� as ms Brendan called them. �Were they in the same position as I am now?� Donna wondered.

�Put your feet on the ground, spread them a little bit, and lean a bit backwards. � ms Brendan ordered. Ninon stepped out of view, and suddenly Donna found herself in a photo shoot. She was told to strike the same poses as the women on the pictures. Ms Brendan corrected her every now and then, and both women commented her on how great she looked. 

�Tell me one thing, Cutty.� Ms Brendan said as Donna looked at the latest picture taken of her mids the other two �professionals�. �What makes you so insecure about your body?�

�I-I don�t know ms Brendan.� Donna replied shyly.

�If you look at the pictures, who�s looking best?� ms Brendan questioned �Obviously all three are stunning. But you I like more, your body structure is much better, long legs, nice hips, cute pussy, the way you inner lips are visible, but do not stick out, your outer lips are not too fat, the hood of your clit is small...�

At that moment a close up of her pussy appeared on the wall. Donna felt ashamed to see her own vagina so exposed, so huge.

�Look at it Cutty.� Ms Brendan ordered as she saw Donna turn her face away. �This is some nice pussy, look how sexy it is without its hair. Though you must shave better, you still see some stubs in this close up.�

�Play with it, sit on the stool, raise your feet up, rest them on the side bars, and don�t forget to smile, look into the camera, sit a little bit more straight, so your belly doesn�t �wrinkle� too much...�

And another obscene picture was on the wall. The next half hour she was instructed in more obscene poses, and her pictures showed on the wall. The other women soon were taken off, and a row of three pictures of Donna in ever changing poses. 

�Okay, I think you have lost your inhibitions for now, and start to see yourself as the beauty you are� Ms Brendan finally said as stopped taking shots. �Now I want you to look at me, bent over the stool, rest your upper body on it, with your legs straight, and a little wide.�

When Donna did as she was told, she felt the by now familiar poking of a rubber dildo on the lips of her pussy. When she looked back she saw what she feared already. Ninon was behind her, topless, smiling, and with a strap-on.

�Oh fuck...� Donna thought, but she automatically raised her ass a little to give Ninon easy access.

Ninon entered her gently. The dildo was lubricated and she felt the somewhat cold rubber slide inside her, inch by inch. She thought back at the weekend how she was fucked without her consent, and now... �Well, I don�t consent, I just reluctantly participate. I don�t have much of a choice.�

She looked at ms Brendan and smiled �Fuck, I�m becoming more and more submissive to the bitch.� She cursed herself for smiling, and closed her eyes. She started to enjoy the slow rhythm of Ninon �Fuck she is good!� she had to admit. As the fuck continued she got more and more aroused, though she tried to fight it.

�Make some noise, Cutty.� Ms Brendan instructed.

Donna hated that and she suspected Ms Brendan knew that. If she started making noise she was for sure going to loose the last bit of self control she had. �But I don�t have any other option...�

She started to let the moaning she suppressed out, and finally just gave in and enjoyed the ride.

�You like it don�t you?� ms Brendan asked as she was sitting on her sofa looking straight at Donna.

�Oh, shit, yes ms Brendan, it feels good.� Donna answered, partly the truth, partly because she knew she was expected to answer like that.

�Don�t you want to thank me for this fuck?� ms Brendan continued.

�Yes, yes, ooh, yes ms Brendan.� Donna was on the verge of climaxing. �Thank you, thank you very much for this fuck.�

Donna next just moaned and screamed as the dildo relentlessly went in and out her pussy, throbbing her clit constantly. Even when she climaxed Ninon held her up and kept on fucking her. Apart from the agony this caused, as her clit was super sensitive now, it also was highly stimulating, and Donna felt she climaxed at least three times more.

When Ninon finally let go, Donna sank on her knees and held on to the stool panting heavily, but with a smile on her face.

Minutes later she finally opened up her eyes. She saw ms Brendan simply chatting with Ninon as if she wasn�t there.

�Oh you�re back.� Ms Brendan said friendly as she saw Donna lifting herself up.

�Sit on the stool again and spread your legs.�

Donna did as told �Hopefully they don�t want to go at it another time�

�Okay, so did you enjoy that?� ms Brendan asked

�Yes, ms Brendan.� Donna replied meekly, but honestly.

�So now you know what to expect when trained by Ninon in the coming weeks, right?�

�Y-yes, ms Brendan.� Donna felt she lost the battle. She didn�t had the energy to fight ms Brendan right now.

�Promise me you will do as told?�

�Yes, ms Brendan, I promise.�

�Would you swear on that?�

�Yes, ms Brendan, I swear I will do as told.�

�Fine, we will make sure that as long as you do as you�re told, and follow the instructions to the letter, no too �bad� things happen.� Ms Brendan explained.

�Now dress and you better get going, I think you will have to skip lunch to be on time for work.�

Donna picked up her clothing and started to dress.

�Stand straight.� Ms Brendan ordered when she was finished. Donna stood up straight, and ms Brendan walked over to her and corrected her clothing a bit. �Hurry up, and make sure that the next time we meet I hear from Ninon that you have been behaving well, very well.� 

She smiled at Donna and Donna knew what she expected. She leaned over and kissed ms Brendan. �I love you ms Brendan.� She said.

�Fine, at least you still have your manners.� Ms Brendan approved, and petted Donna on her ass as she walked away.

Frustrated and angry with herself Donna left the mansion.

�Oh how they must laugh at me.� She cursed herself �How can I be so easily dominated. Why can�t I fight her, why is she always one step ahead of me?�

�I have been having lesbian sex with Ninon, a complete stranger to me actually.�

She felt so low right now. �And she will �teach� me the coming weeks. How will I explain this to the girls? Will they notice, how can�t they notice if it is happening right under the same roof?�

�On top of it all, she didn�t let me shower, I smell like sex all over. My skirt is way too short, my panties stick...�

Donna let out a loud scream of frustration as she drove on the highway on to her job.













Ninon moves in.



When Donna arrived at home she was dead tired. At work she was told by her boss that she would be working half days from now on, as they were trimming down the expenses, and she was not working up to par. Donna knew this was not true, but she didn�t object, just went along with the story, and asked politely for more guidance, so she would not make the same mistakes again. Inside of course she was almost crying from frustration. How unfair this treatment was.

After work there was the gym, and it seemed Bill was in a bad mood too, so she was exhausted when she got into her car. All her muscles where hurting, even though she was already on a tough regime the last few weeks.

And upon arriving home she saw the car of Ninon in front of the house. When she got in 

her daughters were helping Ninon moving boxes into the guest room.

�Oh there you are!� Ninon said enthusiastically �Finally, I already moved in. I want to thank you so much for giving me this room to crash whenever I need a moment to myself.�

Donna looked at her sheepish and replied �No problem Ninon.�

�It�s gonna be fun I know for sure. I am staying tonight, sort of to break in the room.� She winked at Donna, and Donna knew she could expect the worse.

�Well, you can stay whenever you like.� Donna replied. 

�Mom, you are so good to give her the room.� Julie trusted to her as Ninon went unpacking a box. �It will be fun having her around from time to time.�

�Yes, mom, she�s so cool� Trixy agreed.

�If only they knew what wolf in sheep�s clothing she really was.� Donna smirked as she walked into the kitchen to fix herself a drink. As she drank and sat down at the table it was her first time she could ponder her situation. �So Ninon moves in my house, and is going to �teach� me some sexual perverted actions, no doubt. Work has turned kind of ugly, as if they suddenly are not happy with me. That must be due to ms Brendan. I worked my ass off the last weeks. Even gym was awful today, and I haven�t even started thinking about this morning!�

�How will I cope with this new situation?� she wondered �And all just happened because I refused to fuck Robert a few times more? And I did not even refuse, there just wasn�t enough time...�

�The lesson she tries to teach me is that it is better to follow the rules, her rules that is.� She understood �And I will have to, until I decide to stop this nonsense.� She placed the empty glass on the table and stared blankly for a while �But when will I decide that? It seems as if every move I make except the ones approved by ms Brendan lead to more trouble right now. I have been raped, blackmailed, humiliated, and still I am not stopping it. Yes, the consequences are getting heavier; Robert loosing his job, and him knowing what I have done, the girls knowing... No if I can keep it a secret it is best for now. I will go along, ask Ninon what to do...�

Next her thought wondered to Ninon, busy upstairs unpacking �She seems not the type to be doing these perverted things, yet she does them with a smile.�

�And she pierced her nipples, and her belly...� a thought went into her mind �Would that be my fate too? She has a marriage ring too.� The thought alone frightened her �Was she also under the spell of ms Brendan?�

Ninon and the girls entered the kitchen and she woke up form her thoughts.

The rest of the evening was spend with girly talk, and actually was pleasant. Her daughters didn�t seem to mind at all that Ninon moved in. As a matter of fact, they seemed to love the fact. And Ninon was really very nice to them.



The girls went to sleep and Ninon and Donna were left alone in the kitchen. Unlike Donna thought Ninon just kept on being friendly, and they had some nice talks about some old movies they both liked, and more of that.

�Going out with her was fun too� Donna recalled �So she can be very nice, as long as I go along. Well maybe it isn�t so bad after all.�

�Let�s go to bed.� Ninon finally said as she cleaned up the kitchen table. Donna stood up and wanted to help her. 

�No Donna, you go upstairs and put on your sexiest night gown, make up your face nice and smooth, just wear a night gown, panties, and high heels, and meet me in my room.� Ninon said with a friendly smile �I�ll clean up here.�

Donna looked at her amazed, but as Ninon went about cleaning the glasses she knew she meant it, and Donna walked upstairs. �So this is how it is going to be..� she thought.

She took off all her clothes, took a shower and next dressed as instructed. She took her sexiest night gown, a see through with woolly endings from Victoria Secret, a gift from her wedding, and added it with the matching see through g-string. Next she took white high heeled shoes and sat down to apply some make up.

�Better show my best effort, if I overdo, I can always drop a level, but if she complains to ms Brendan again...� she shook her head at her own thoughts and actions �This is not good, not good at all to go along with their demands. But what else can I do right now?� 

�I have to stop thinking and just act for now.� She decided firmly.

She peeked into the hallway to see if her daughters were not by accident going to the toilet or something. She would have had a hard time explaining her outfit.

Next she walked gently and silently to the guest room on the other side of the hall. Below everything was dark, so she knew Ninon was already in her room, actually she saw light coming from under the door.

She softly knocked on the door. 

�Come in� Ninon said

Donna slipped inside and rested her back against the door as she closed it. She suddenly felt uneasy, with her breast naked, dressed up as she was.

�Stand up straight and slowly turn around, and smile.� Ninon said. Ninon herself was wearing only panties. Her full breast with the rings and her belly button showed. She wore some high heeled slippers. She was busy folding her clothes and laying them ready for tomorrow.

As Donna turned around she saw Ninon inspecting her.

�Very good Donna, very good. If you keep up this I will give ms Brendan some positive news about you. That might help you a lot.�

Donna was grateful Ninon approved so much. She did do her best, and now knew it would work to her benefit.

Ninon sat on her bed, and dropped her panties. As she tossed them into a corner she spread her legs �No need to be beating around the bush.� She looked at Donna who was standing a bit surprised �Get down on your knees and lick me to an orgasm.�

Donna slowly walked over to Ninon, who gestured with her head she was dead serious. Donna knew this would have happened any which way somewhere in the future, and she just sank on her knees between the legs of Ninon and looked at her pussy. She noticed the stud through her clit. It really went through her clit and not just her hood. It made her clit actually stand out, pushing the hood up.

�That must have been quite annoying in the beginning.� Donna thought, but she lowered her head and started to lick the outer lips, and softly touched the clit. Ninon reacted immediately with producing juices, she saw it glittering through her lips. Donna started to lick more intensely, and hoped to get Ninon off quickly.

�Okay, not so fast.� Ninon instructed �To lick a pussy you have to first warm it up a little, take your time to explore it with your tongue, lick the lips, lick a little bit of thigh, kiss my hair.� And Donna did. Ninon had a small triangle of hair above her pussy left. The rest was smooth as a baby skin.

As Donna licked Ninon instructed her, guided her, without showing much of emotions, she explained what ms Brendan liked and Donna had to follow those remarks to the letter.

It took ages according to Donna, who had hoped for a quick come of Ninon. But half an hour later she was still licking although Ninon�s pussy produced more than enough juices.

She tried more and more tricks, desperate to have her come. She mauled Ninon�s breast, tickling her pierced nipples, felt up her whole upper body, but all to no avail.

Ninon all the time just instructed her, corrected her, and showed no sign of real arousal. Yet her juices flowed and Donna was instructed to lick it all up.

Finally she heard Ninon starting to moan, and Donna increased her efforts, licking faster, with more strength, and deeper into her pussy and ass hole. She even softly bit the ass cheeks as instructed.

Ninon came eventually as she pushed Donna�s head roughly almost into her pussy. Donna almost couldn�t breath as she tried to continue to lick, as Ninon rubbed her whole pussy over her face, getting off.

She finally let go and Donna set back looking up to Ninon.

�That was good.� She approved �But it took you very long to get it right.�

�I�m sorry.� Donna said

�You�ll learn, for a first time it is ok.� Ninon said �Don�t worry.�

Ninon breathed a few moments, obviously enjoying her come still.

�But to train you better you need to have more equipment.� She said handing Donna a list from the bed �That way I can instruct you better. For instance you need to buy a whip. That way I can guide you by whipping you, instead of ordering you out loud. It works much better: you�ll want to avoid the pain of the whip, and it leaves me to concentrate on your tongue, thereby getting me off faster. And you�ll need to get used to some whipping anyway.�

Donna looked at the list which was just a collection of adult toys. Toys of which she thought she would never ever use them.

�You�ll buy them tomorrow. As for the details as to what whip, what dildo size etc, I suggest you use your imagination as you did tonight when you dressed.�

�Just remember that if I do not approve, you will have to buy the correct size also, and I will report it to ms Brendan with all its dire consequences.�

�But I know that won�t be necessary.� Ninon smiled as she saw Donna�s out of place look.

�You need to redecorate this room too.� She continued �Right now it is not really sound proof. Have an architect look at it. You know a lot of architects through your new job don�t you?�

�Have one look at silencing the door, and walls, If you don�t want to have your whole family enjoying your training. It would be best if even screams couldn�t get through, but that would probably cost too much.�

�We need more mirrors here, so you can see yourself as you fuck and get fucked. I�ll train you in such a way so you always look your best, always take a pose, even when fucked hard through the ass.�

Donna wondered away in her own thoughts as she kneeled in front of Ninon, only half listening to all instructions. It was all a bit too much for her to take just now. But Ninon just continued on what had to change in the room, the lightning, the colors, furniture.

�May I ask you something, Ninon?� Donna interrupted Ninon finally, she had mustered all her courage, and felt the moment was right..

Ninon silenced, and smiled at Donna as if she took pity on her.

�No need to ask me anything Donna, Cutty.� She responded. 

Donna knew Ninon knew what she was going to ask.

�You just do as I told you to do, you just follow my instructions to the best of your abilities. If not you�ll face the heavy consequences.�

A silence fell as Ninon coldly stared at Donna.

�Understood?�

Donna nodded. She understood she could not expect any help from Ninon. For all she knew Ninon was in the same rollercoaster ride as she, and was hanging on herself. 

Or she was participating out of her own free will, just to get rid of a kink she had, which would be worse. Anyway she understood she should never try to ask Ninon about her own situation, or for any help. The response of Ninon was quite clear. 

�Would I be pierced like her too?� she wondered as she looked at the nipple and clit piercings. �Will I be expected to undergo plastic surgery?� she looked at the clit of Ninon, which was obviously worked on. And she thought back at the small remark of ms Brendan about her breasts. She looked at her breasts, she didn�t want no surgery...

�You hurry now back to your room. You�ll need your sleep. Tomorrow morning you�ll buy the items on the list. And in the evening we�ll continue. Be ready for some new experiences.� Ninon said as she ushered Donna out of the room and into the hallway. Donna quietly walked back to her own room, her face covered in female cum, her tongue tired, and overwhelmed by what she had experienced, and what she was told, and what she was instructed to buy. It all seemed too unreal still. She washed the cum of her face, and looked into the mirror. Seeing herself naked with just the see through, thinking of what she just did. Did she cheat on Robert? Cheat on her family? She shrugged as she dried her face with a soft towel, and went to bed, just trying to end the long long day.











Buying sex toys



Early in the morning Donna woke up. She looked around and slowly her memories came back of yesterday. Reluctantly she got up as she thought about what she had to do this morning; shopping for the items on the perverted list of Ninon.

She walked to her dressing table and sat down in front of the mirror. She turned on the light and looked at herself.

�What have you got yourself into girl!� she said to herself. 

As her worries went through her mind she inspected herself in the mirror. Her face was still ok, no real sign of wrinkles, though it was not that young looking anymore. Her neck was still slender. She would hate it when that would show wrinkles, which it inevitably would. Her shoulders were firm, and her breast were not hanging too much.

The work out had done wonders on her upper body. Her arms were slender, firm again, yet not muscular. 

�Good morning Donna.�

Donna thought she would go through the roof as her hart jumped. Ninon had entered the room without her noticing it.

�Look, first of all, something amiss.� Ninon walked to her closet and fetched a pair of high heeled shoes. �Put these on�

Donna did as instructed still recuperating from her scare.

�Remember this rule: always wear high heels. It is a must around ms Brendan, so you better get used to it by doing it at home too.�

Donna noticed Ninon herself was wearing high heeled plastic slippers. Donna didn�t even knew such high heeled night slippers existed.

�I would suggest you buy a few pair of more comfortable ones.� Ninon remarked.

�Now go shower.� 

Donna got up and walked into the bathroom. Ninon followed and sat down on the toilet seat. Silently Donna took of her nightgown and her new panties and turned on the water. She felt totally humiliated somehow as Ninon just watched her, checked her as if she could do something wrong. She went under the shower, and bathed herself. She instinctively new she should not close the glass door. Also she kept on her shoes, though the water would probably ruin them. �Luckily she picked an old pair. � Donna thought �Or maybe she did that on purpose, giving me a chance to get slippers...�

It was more difficult to shower, as the shoes of course got slippery when wet. 

After she finished washing of the soap Donna left the shower. Her hair was wet too, as in the confusing she forgot to put on her plastic cover. �Luckily my hair has been cut in a short bob.� 

�Wait.� Ninon remarked as Donna dried herself. �You need to shave.� She pointed to her pubic hair.

Donna blushed as she looked at Ninon, and next grabbed her shaving kit and started to put shaving foam on the area. She knew she had to give Ninon a clear view of what she was doing, yet it was really embarrassing for Donna 

�Silly me, I�ve licked her pussy, undressed for her, and here I am ashamed to shave myself...� yet her feeling of discomfort did not go away. This usually was her time of the day she used to collect her thoughts, and even Robert never disturbed her. 

Ninon watched without saying a word as she shaved her pubic region. Donna even opened up her pussy to shave the hair on her outer lips, expecting Ninon to check on the result, and not wanting to disappoint her. Indeed when she was finished Ninon signaled her to step closer and her hand went over the freshly shaved region. 

�Good.� She remarked only �Now go and do your make up. You�re children should be awake now, so hurry.�

They went into the bedroom again and Donna made herself up. With Ninon inspecting her, she applied her make up a little heavier than she was used to. Ninon did not complain.

�Dress� she told Donna. Donna felt this was a test, and she went through her wardrobe to find the right clothing, sexy, kind of slutty, but not too much. 

�I need to be able to face my kids with no problem, yet satisfy Ninon, or ms Brendan too.� She thought. She decided for a thong, a push up bra, and on top of that a normal shirt, a skirt, not too long, and black high heeled shoes.

�Okay?� she asked Ninon.

�It will do.� Ninon approved. Ninon stood up and walked out of the room �I will get myself ready, see you downstairs.�

Donna looked at the alarm clock and new she had to hurry. The kids would be downstairs expecting breakfast in a few minutes.

Breakfast went fast as usual: the kids came running in and they ate while running through the house collecting stuff, or whatever they did. Donna just made sure they ate, and had some money on them for lunch. Ninon came down a little later and mentioned she would leave a later. 

A crucial moment passed when Donna gave her the key to the house. It was normal, with her kind of living in the guest room, yet when she offered it to Ninon Donna felt as if she gave away another piece of herself. Or better said, opened a door to let the perverts in.

Her daughters thought nothing of it, as they ran into the car. Late as usual.

�You are doing fine.� Ninon remarked.

�At least that is going well, and not too much of trouble...� Donna thought as she got into the drivers seat.

�Nice shoes mom, you�re going to a party?� Julie remarked about the shoes.

Donna looked at herself and agreed the shoes were too much. She smiled at Julie and said �Nah, just felt like it, but they are too nice for this outfit.� Yet inwardly she thought �I have to buy some ordinary high heeled shoes. I only have leather party shoes, and my children will notice, and start asking questions I don�t want to answer...�



Donna dropped the children of at their schools, and went to do her shopping. The list of Ninon was quite long and she actually didn�t even knew where to get all the stuff. She started with the shoes, she knew a �alternative� shoe store and expected they would have the high heeled shoes and slippers she wanted. �I should have asked Ninon where she got her stuff.� She thought. �Well I could call her anyway on her cell, but let�s first try to find the stuff by myself. Else she might add additional items, or even new embarrassing instructions.� Donna shook her head �I am getting in way over my head...� It was the same thought she has had every time since her �relationship� with ms Brendan started. 

The store luckily had the odd high heeled slippers and other shoes. The �real slutty� pair she was supposed to buy also she decided to get in the sex shop.

Next stop was Victoria Secret for the lingerie on the list. Yet also on the list was the �real slutty� lingerie item, just as with the shoes, and Donna knew these only could be found by a sex shop. She also understood she was being tested; if it was not slutty enough there would be trouble. She began to understand the real problem she was in. If she was too timid, reluctant, non-cooperative there would be punishment, which meant raising the bar for her, if she was too cooperative on the other hand she was raising the bar herself way too high. 

�Any which way you loose.� She thought 

After the lingerie Donna had no excuses more and had to go to a sex shop. Finding one was already a problem, but eventually she found one. 

She parked a bit out of the way, and walked to the shop, which was quite secluded. It was also a rather shady part of town.

Inside she didn�t want to be noticed, fearing a repeat of her last visit to a shop like this with ms Brendan. She walked quickly as far as she could from the counter, however she was the only customer, so she knew how foolish she was.

�First time?� the sales girl asked her.

Donna almost jumped through the roof. She hadn�t heard the girl coming up to her.

�Well.... yes and no.� Donna answered.

�Ah, first time really buying for yourself. That�s why you are so shy!� the girl smiled and understood.

�Allow me to help you. Trust me, I have experience or at least knowledge of the stuff here, and it is expensive, so you better get it right, we don�t refund or whatever.� The girl continued �You never know where the item has been.� She laughed.

�Ok, that might help me really.� Donna agreed. The girl had gained her trust. She looked her up and down, she was kind of gothic, but not too much. �A young open minded girl� Donna thought.

�These are the items I want.� She gave the list to the girl �The sooner I have them, the faster I am out of here.� She thought. �And she looks like she can be trusted.�

�I thought you were such a women!� the girl answered as she took the list. 

�What do you mean?� Donna suddenly was not so happy she gave this girl her list. 

The girl was going over the list �Almost the same items as the others.� She nodded.

Donna understood, other women just like her, �girlfriend� of ms Brendan, had come to the shop with their lists. Now Donna was curious, �Maybe she can give me some more info on what will happen to me.�

�What do you mean?� she asked the girl.

�Well lady, women, girls, women, come into this store every now and then and purchase items like these from lists like these.� She said �And at first they look out of place just like you. But they usually become regulars, buying more and more stuff.�

�Do they change a lot? I mean...�

�What kind of cult are you in? Or is it a certain kind of sex-therapy?� the girl asked back. �I am curious to know. What makes a married women come here to buy dildo�s and other kinky stuff. You don�t seem to be the type for it. Not this much.�

Donna blushed as the girl mentioned she was married. She again felt it had been the wrong idea to give the girl the list.

�Come along, let�s get you the sex outfit first, you know, the plateau shoes, the kinky wardrobe. I know just what your �husband� will like.� 

The girl took Donna by the hand and they went straight through the shop to the fetish section. At the mentioning of her husband Donna felt again a wave of guilt going through her. If he only knew what she was doing while he was gone!

�Rubber and latex will be a bit too much for you right now, but I would advise this...� and the girl fetched a few items and handed them over to still dreaming Donna.

�Try these out over there� pointing to the changing rooms �Ok?�

Donna was pushed to the rooms and before she could protest was standing alone in a closet looking at a mirror. 

�What shall I do? Run out of the store?� Donna thought quickly �No, I still need these items. The girl has seen other �girlfriends� before, so I can ask her what happened to them, with the danger of her knowing what is happening to me. And if I just go along I get it over with and get out of here asap....�

Donna decided to keep her distance with the girl though, before she would get into trouble with her too. �I don�t know her, and I don�t want strangers to know what I�m going through.�

Donna looked at the items, two high heeled shoes, one red, one black, and some crotchless panties, bra�s to lift her breasts, but leave her nipples exposed.

�Try them, and let me know if it is what you�re looking for.� The girl outside said �I will collect the other items for you.�

�Thank you.� Donna said �She really has experience with this. How many other �girlfriends� are there, I don�t imagine they all go to the same shop, so there must be a lot...�

�I hope she tells me more on what happens to them, she said they become regulars, but how often to they return, will I be forced to return too, and what will I have to buy?�

�Another reason this girl must not know too much about me, actually. I must go to another shop next time.�

As she dressed into the sex clothing she felt as a lowdown slut. The high heeled shoes, the panties, the bra, and the stockings, it made her look awful in her own eyes.

She decided after a while she just would buy of each item one, and didn�t bother to change into everything. She couldn�t stand to look at herself in the mirror with those clothes.

�And?� the girl asked as Donna got out. �Found anything that looks good on you?�

�I-I�ll take these...� Donna fumbled as she looked embarrassed at the items the girl had collected on the table in front of her.

�Oh come on! They don�t even match!� the girl said �Look,� she looked Donna up and down �Take these and try them on� she hand picked the red shoes, some red laced lingerie set �And let me see the result.�

�Pardon?� Donna said, not at all planning to have this girl see her in that outfit.

�Look, as I have said, more girls come with lists like yours. At first I would let them go with whatever they choose, but eventually I noticed they came back the next day to buy even more extreme stuff, and they weren�t too happy about it. So to keep that from happening let me judge if you look the way you�re supposed to, and you won�t have to come back probably, Ok?�

Donna looked at the girl and wondered what to do. Her mind went through all the options, but she concluded she could either run away screaming and leave everything behind, including her family, or do what the girl said. 

Donna went back into the dressing room and changed into the red outfit. When she looked at herself in the mirror she was ashamed of herself. �I look like a whore! Some cheap porn star.� 

�Let me see you.� The girl was at the door. Donna unlocked it and the girl opened it.

She checked Donna up and down �Turn around, slowly.� The girl said.

Donna slowly turned, trying not to fall on the terrible high heeled shoes. 

�I think red is just not really your color.� The girl finally said as Donna looked at her humbly for approval. She turned and picked up some white lingerie and white shoes.

�White might be better: it is more like a virgin, fits your inexperience.� The girl gave Donna a naughty wink.

Donna could die right on the spot. Though the girl was right, it was so humiliating to have a stranger, a girl, telling her how to dress. Yet she had no choice, as she was right, she was inexperienced at this. Her choice, taste, was the only one she could count on for now.

�Next time I�ll ask Ninon to accompany me. Then I won�t be depending on strange sales-girls anymore� and Donna closed the door to undress.

�Better, much better!� the girl said this time. Donna turned for her and smiled slightly, relieved this part was over. �Okay, just watch with the long white satin cloves right, they creep up if you don�t move elegantly.� �And of course it is white, so it gets stains really fast, but luckily you have crotchless panties� 

The red faced Donna turned to undress. 

�No, wait.� The girl said

�Why?� Donna asked.

�You�ll need to test these items, it is best if you do it dressed like this, trust me. And it�ll be only for a moment, and then your ordeal is over.�

 �Come, trust me.� The girl said again as she lead Donna by the hand and smiled �And nobody else is in the shop right now. Consider yourself lucky. One women once had a women with her and she was paraded dressed like this through the whole shop to collect these items, with other customers looking on. Never seen a women being humiliated like that. You all are a kinky kind of group.�

As Donna made her small steps by the hand of the girl she thought �Well, there goes my idea of asking Ninon to accompany me. I�ll just stick with this girl...or another shop..�

�Look� the girl said as they were at the table �Let�s start with the whip. I have three whips here that will do, I think. But let�s test them on you, so you feel each one, and can decide which one is best for you.�

�Pardon?� Donna had no intention of letting the girl whip her. 

The girl just shook her head �Look, all these items are going be used by you, the dildo�s, the vibrators, the butt plugs, the chains, the clamps ....� She picked up a whip from the table �And this... the whip.� She stroke it in the air a few times. The whizzing sound frightened Donna. �Why would you buy them else?�

�Now each whip feels different, and leaves a different mark.� The girl pushed Donna over the table, and stroke her fast on her exposed ass.

�OUCH!� Donna yelled as she turned angry. 

�This one for instance, leaves a red mark, which gets worse the harder you hit, making it difficult for you to sit.� The girl continued ignoring Donna�s anger.

�This one ... � she picked up a cat of nine tales, with flat leather �tails�

�You are not going to use that on me!� Donna hissed.

�How will you know which whip to choose?� The girl replied �If you choose a wrong whip the consequences might be that everyone notices you can�t sit right, or you might even have to go to the doctor, as your ass can�t handle it.�

�Better try it out, you have felt the strong bull whip already..�

�I know how that one feels, I�ve been....� Donna replied stopping half way as she quickly remembered this girl didn�t know about her ordeal, and Donna didn�t want her to know neither.

�Oh, I see, this one has been used on you already.� The girl smiled wickedly, �well then, we�ll use this flog, turn please...�

�No....OUCH� Donna was hit on the side of her ass by the long flog, red stripes were all over her left ass cheek.

�I�m not hitting hard, just feel which one gives you the greatest pleasure, or the less pain.� The girl laid the whip back on the table and picked up the long narrow horsewhip. She looked determined to Donna, who was in turmoil, she wanted to run away, but not in the lingerie she was wearing, nor did she want to be whipped by this unknown person, but she had to buy the items too...

�Oh, alright.� Donna said angrily, and turned and pushed her ass out. �Not too hard please.�

�OUCH.� 

�This one is for the real cruel master, it hurts even if you don�t hit too hard, perfect during training of an unwilling slave.� The girl said.

�Oh, fuck.� Donna just said as she felt her blush in pure shame, �This girl knows I�m being trained? should I choose this whip?� she wondered as she readied herself for the next whip.

5 minutes later she had felt every type of whip in the shop on her ass. Donna was too ashamed to lift her head.

�Well, which one is it gonna be?� the girl asked simply, as she laid the last whip back.

�The first one.� Donna muttered.

�I would advise the training one, but ok.� The girl said.

�Okay, okay, that one, I don�t care.� Donna said. She hoped that she did ok by following the girls advise, but she couldn�t think straight, shame and pain confused her.

�Now turn.� The girl said.

Donna did and the girl applied a nipple clamp to her left nipple.

�AAH.� Donna cried, even though the girl removed the clamp immediately. The next minutes various clamps were applied to her nipples. Donna felt defeated, and broken, humiliated to the bone. She automatically did everything the girl asked her to do. 

�This one is best for beginners, let�s take this one ok?� the girl said finally 

�Now to the dildo�s, I read you need various types, I�ve got all types in store, but not all in all sizes, and features, so...�

�This can�t be happening, she will test the dildo�s on me...� Donna panicked.

�Don�t worry, I won�t test the dildo�s on you, silly girl. You can breath again!� the girl laughed as she saw Donna crumble. �If I do that I can�t sell them new anymore, right, and who would want a second hand dildo!�

A sigh of relief escaped Donna�s mouth.

�From your list I see you have to have various dildo�s. What size do you use for your vagina?�

Donna hesitated, as she looked at the collection of dildo�s.

�Take something the size of your husband�s penis, or a bit bigger?� the girl suggested.

Donna pointed to a midsize dildo. It was indeed kind of the size of Robert. 

�And for your ass; what do you think you can take up there?� The girl asked as she collected three dildo�s of the size Donna had pointed out.

�Hmmm.� Donna was lost again. She had had a butt plug up her ass already, and was fucked in the ass, but she couldn�t recall their sizes just now. She did recall the pain however.

Looking at the butt plugs was no help either, they all looked terrible huge in her eyes.

�Well?� the girl pushed her to make a choice.

�That size.� Donna pointed to a small sized one, compared with the others. As she tried to recall it was the size of her butt plug at home, maybe smaller.

�Okay� the girl said and collected similar sized butt plugs, one of them was one for double penetration.

�Well, let�s look at the bondage material you needed.� The girl said to Donna. �Here are some cuffs, try them on, we have leather and metal ones, gloves, etc.�

The ordeal continued for Donna as the girl bound her in several ways, with various cuffs.

Donna decided finally to buy the leather cuffs, they were fitting best, and most comfortable. 

�Well that�s about it, you got your clothing, the whip, the dildo�s, the butt plugs, the clamps, and the bondage material. I think you�re ready for a funky night!� The girl said.

�Go dress, I�ll bring everything to the counter.�

Donna dressed and utterly ashamed she walked up to the counter. She paid, and she got the stuff nicely tugged in a bag.

�One more thing.� The girl told her as Donna turned to go. �A word of advise; you are way too submissive. It is not normal at all for a salesgirl to do what I did with you. I abused you just for fun, and you let me.� The girl looked into Donna�s eyes �So get a grip on your life would be my advise.�

�And I expect you to buy all your future stuff here. I could use the commission, and I just know you will want more stuff sooner or later.�

Donna looked at the girl perplexed. Humiliation overwhelmed here as she understood the girl just played with her for fun. Tested her, and she fell for it, hard...

�Thank you.� Donna said humiliated. 

�How could I let a girl whip me, sexually abuse me?� �I wonder if she is in it too? Or really just an outsider.� Donna wondered. 

She hurried out of the shop, almost crying, as she understood how ridiculous she had behaved.

�If I don�t get a backbone I�ll loose everything.� She cried to herself as she got in to her car, and looked at the clock. �...And damn I�m late for work!!�











New rules for the girls nights out



Tired from the gym she reached home. Fortunately by this time of the year it was early dark so she didn�t had to worry about the neighbors seeing her with all her shopping. All she had to worry about were her daughters.

�Ah there you are.� Ninon said from the living room as Donna entered into the house. �Come in, your daughters are sleeping by friends, so we have the night to ourselves.�

Donna sighed, and walked into the living room with her bags.

�Bring them upstairs, and wear what I have laid out for you.� Ninon said to the tired Donna, as she continued to watch the television.

Donna reluctantly went upstairs and put the bags in the guest room, or Ninon�s room. She didn�t want those items in her own room, just imagine Robert finding them, or her daughters who often went through her room for make-up and other stuff.

Next she went to her room and saw the skimpy outfit on her bed. 

�We are going out tonight� Donna understood �But will it be fun like it was?�

She showered a little bit longer than usual to de-stress, got dressed, and applied make up to her face, in accordance with the outfit.

�Slut� she said to herself when she looked at the result in the mirror. She was still angry at herself for letting the salesgirl mistreat her so easily.

When she walked into the living room Ninon checked her.

�The skirt is good, the stockings are just about high enough... The red color of the blouse is ok, and you�ve done an excellent job with the make up, the red lips, the darkened eyebrows, very good Donna!�

Donna smiled. At least Ninon approved, and she seemed to be in a happy mood.

�Ok, sit down in front of me.� Ninon said �I�ll have to explain a few knew rules for our night out.�

Donna sat down in the chair in front of Ninon. 

�Up to now we have had much fun going out, right?� Ninon asked.

�Yes, Ninon. It was ok.�

�Well, from now on we will raise the bar a little for you.� Ninon continued �You used to flirt with the man and avoided touching them, or them touching you. That is going to change tonight. I want them to have a little bit more liberty with your body. Nothing gross, but a little touching, felling you up. So if you see a man you like, and all is going well, I expect some kissing and hugging in the corner of the bar. Alright?�

Donna looked at Ninon with pain in her eyes. She didn�t want this, but how could she refuse? 

�Well?� Ninon said as Donna didn�t answer.

�Ok, I guess.� Donna answered �But is this really necessary? I mean I am being trained for ms Brendan, so why should I go with men?�

�Well, we�ll go to a lesbian bar in the future, where you can �train� on other women.� Ninon laughed �But for now men will do.�

�Anyway, next instruction, you will give the men your phone number. This week you will make some personal cards with your address and phone number, and you will give those to the men you like.�

�But they will call me at home, or even pass by! My family will notice!�

�Shh, you are right, but that is the whole purpose of it. You need to be able to handle those tricky situations. Handle those horny men. Keep them off from your family.�

�How? I practically open the door to them!�

�That is what you will learn. Trust me, it is do-able. Else I wouldn�t let you do it.� Ninon reassured Donna. �Well, that�s it for the additional rules, see, nothing to worry about. Come, we have to go. Tonight I want to go through your new toys with you too, so it will be a long night anyway.�



The first bar they entered was a singles bar, and Ninon and Donna just started to drink by themselves. Ninon made Donna drink a lot, telling her it would loosen her up. And Donna, with all that was happening to her, eagerly drank all that was coming to her.

For some reason men stayed away from them in the bar, and Donna actually enjoyed it after a while. She and Ninon chatted about their youth and what idols they had, what music they liked, and more of that stuff. The music in the bar was ok, and Donna felt more and more at ease.

�Let�s go to another bar.� Ninon finally said, and they left.

The other bar was also a singles bar, but immediately Donna noticed all eyes on her. Much different than the other bar.

As they found a place to sit and Donna nervously looked around at all the eyes staring at her Ninon explained �The other bar was more a gay bar, silly girl.�

�How can you expect men not to look at you? Dressed as you are? You are drop dead gorgeous, dressed like a true slut, and entering a singles bar.�

�I just warmed you up first, got a little bit of alcohol in your system to loosen you up.�

�Mind if we join you girls?� Two men had found the courage to walk up to them already.

�Of course not!� Ninon said, and made room for the men. Donna looked at Ninon but found no mercy, and reluctantly made space too. The man besides her started immediately to talk to her.

As she conversed with her man she noticed Ninon having her �fun� with the other men too, but at the same time keeping an eye on Donna.

�Oh, come on, you did notice she was married right?� Ninon interrupted suddenly looking at the man sitting beside Donna. He just asked if she ever was married �You didn�t see the wedding ring?�

�Oh, yeah, now you mention it...� the man turned to Donna �Sorry, but, I thought..�

�Don�t you worry, she knows this is a singles bar, she deliberately came here. We just want some fun.�

�Oh, ok,� both men obviously were uncomfortable with the situation, and after five minutes they excused themselves and went away.

�Why did you do that?� Donna asked. She felt embarrassed.

�Donna, you have to tell them the truth from the beginning. That way you will have less problems later. You should thank me, didn�t they leave?�

Donna looked at Ninon. Was she telling the truth, or just playing with her?

The night out continued with lots of men hitting on them. Ninon was a real expert in flirting with them, as Donna knew by now. But now Ninon regularly involved herself with Donna�s date, telling she was married, and even forcing her into giving out her phone number, and even her address. At the same time she fed Donna more and more alcohol, making Donna slowly but steadily drunk.

Donna felt trapped, as she didn�t know how to avoid the problems she was getting into.

�Remember, I want to see you kissing with a guy at least once.� Ninon reminded her as the night was about to close.

Donna looked at the man she was with now, he looked drunk himself.

�He�ll probably won�t know it the next morning.� Donna thought �And if I have to kiss a guy, he is at least good looking.�

And after a few gestures she was kissing him in front of Ninon and her �date�.

�Look at the love birds� she heard Ninon say to her date. 

�Shouldn�t we too... � the man tried.

�Naah.� Ninon replied �I don�t double date� �Besides, I�m married!�

Donna felt shame overwhelm her as she knew everyone knew she was married too. And both men would see her as a slut.



As they finally stumbled out of the bar with two other men Donna was really drunk, and unable to fight off the advances of her latest �date�. She reluctantly let him fell her up in the ally next to the bar, as Ninon went for their car.

�You�re hot!� the man breathed in her ears. Donna recalled she didn�t even knew his name! His left hand crept up her leg and was on her ass, his other hand found his way through her skirt, ripping it open, and roughly fondling her as his tongue went wildly through her mouth. She was too drunk to fight him off, and also too afraid, as he was drunk too, and she didn�t know how he would respond to her fighting back. Donna decided it was best to go along, and slowly fend him off.

She kissed him back as best as she could and tried to soften his grip on her that way. She felt his finger entering her asshole, and when she got his hand away it moved to her pussy. Her blouse was by then torn open and the skimpy push up bra was roughly pulled down. She saw people walking by who obviously had a good view of her breast. She heard some whistles, and hid her face in the neck of her �date�.

�God, you are a real slut! A real MILF!� the drunk man said to her �You even shaved your pussy!�

�Honey, relax, you are way to wild right now.� She hushed back. She was ashamed other people would hear him. �How do I stop this guy?� she wondered frantically.

�But you are making me so fucking hot!! I can�t wait, let�s fuck right here and now!�

At that moment Ninon came to the rescue, as she honked her car.

�I-I have to go!� Donna muttered. She pulled off from her date as he looked into the lights of Ninon�s car. Donna ran to the car.

�I�m sorry, I have to go!� she yelled to the man as she opened the door and got in.

�You...you can�t leave me hanging here?!� the drunk man shouted back, obviously disappointed.

�Don�t worry!� Ninon shouted back at him �You got her number and address, we gotta go! Her husband is waiting!�

Donna wondered if her ordeal would ever end. Again she felt ashamed as Ninon just proclaimed to the whole world what kind of slut she was.

�Oh shit, oh shit.� She just sighed. She looked at herself as they drove off. Her panties were down, her skirt was ripped, her blouse was missing all the top buttons, her breast were showing as her bra was pulled all the way down. As she looked into the mirror she saw her make-up smeared, especially her lip-stick.

�No thanks, by the way.� Ninon said to her.

�Oh, no, thank you Ninon. You just came in time.� Little did she knew Ninon had been watching the scene for some time, just waiting to intervene at the right moment.

�That�s what friends are for!� she smiled �Was he a good kisser. He was horny wasn�t he.�

�He was. Too horny, and too drunk.� Donna tried to put her clothing in order.

�He has my number, what will I do when he calls me?�

�Well that�s up to you now isn�t it?� Ninon said �You can decide to tell him you were drunk, or you can have him come over to continue where you guys left of.�

Donna looked at Ninon, and after a moment of silent just sighed once again �I�ll tell him I was drunk, and apologize.�

�I just hope he doesn�t call.� She added.



As they drove into the drive way Donna felt herself dose off, but Ninon shook her awake.

�Open the door, and get yourself in order for our night session. Put on some of your new clothing. Take a shower. We are not finished yet.�

Donna stumbled into the house. She was happy no one was there to see her, and she wobbled up the stairs. 

The shower did her good. She let the warm water was down on her, and she sobered up. She heard Ninon close the house, and go to her bedroom.

�Damn, I left my stuff there!� she recalled. �How will I dress..� Then she heard Ninon entering her room.

�This stuff should be in your room Donna.� Ninon said to the showering Donna �I leave them on the bed.�

Donna finished showering as she wondered where she would put all the stuff. She dried herself and went into the bedroom to dress herself for her next ordeal.

�First get this over with, than we worry about hiding this stuff.� She decided.

For clothing&nbsp; she chose the white lingerie from the porn shop, with the white high heeled �fuck me� pumps to go with them.

After buttoning all straps from the stockings and the corset she sat down in front of the mirror and started to apply make up for the second time that night. She looked at herself and shook her head. �How did I get to this, dressing up like a slut for another women, who will order me to lick her pussy while probably whipping me.� She looked at the bed and indeed some items were missing, especially the whip. 

When she finished with applying make up, and she thought she looked acceptable to Ninon she hurried to Ninon�s room.

She gently knocked on the door.

�Come in.� Ninon said. Donna entered. Ninon was on the bed as last night, but now alongside her were the items she had taken out of the bags of Donna. Donna saw the whip, some nipple clamps, and a few dildo�s.

�Stand before me.� Ninon said. Donna walked up to her and stood before her. 

�Don�t look at me, look straight forward, as if you are in the military.�

�spread your legs a little� 

Donna did.

�Hands on your hip.�

Donna did.

�Now this is the confident pose of a true slut.� Ninon smirked. She stood up and walked around Donna, who just kept looking forward. She held the whip in her hand.

�Let�s improve this pose a little. It has to be more natural.� She pointed with the whip to Donna�s breasts. �Stick them out a bit more�

Donna did.

�Fine, now look proud.�

That was more difficult for Donna. She tried to look more confident, but it was difficult, as she didn�t feel proud at all, she actually felt quite the opposite!

�Straighten your legs.� Now that she could do, though the high heels already had her standing tall.

�Straighten your shoulders.� 

Ninon pointed out every part of Dona�s body she was not satisfied with. Finally she was ok with Donna�s pose.

�Apart from the look of your face this is a good pose.�

�Look at the mirror.� She instructed.

Donna turned her head to look at the mirror hanging on the closet door. She saw herself from the side standing tall, with her ass and breasts sticking out. 

�Remember this pose, tomorrow I want it done by you without any corrections by me.� Ninon looked Donna in the eye. �I suggest you practice it a little in the morning to get it right, just like you are now.� 

�You should be proud of your body. It is very beautiful, else ms Brendan would have never looked at you in the first place.�

�Now the look of your face you must practice too, don�t be shy, be proud to be a woman, proud to wear these clothes. Who would dare to laugh at you with these on? All men would want to fuck you, even women will fancy you, or at least envy you, so be proud about that.�

The speech did not convince Donna, but the message came through.

�As for tomorrow morning, you will need to start redecorating this room. I want mirrors everywhere, large ones, at the walls, some on the ceiling. And a dancing pole here.� She pointed to the middle of the room

�But Ninon, how will I...�

�Don�t �but� me, just get somebody over here and start doing it. Find an excuse for the pole, or tell the truth, but get it done. I want this room changed according to my liking.�

�With mirrors everywhere, so you can train yourself better in all sorts of poses. And high carpet, soft, the bed needs to be on a podium, the pole needs a small podium...�

�But the money...�

�That has to come from your salary, or even Roberts. See it as a necessary investment.�

Donna gave up, and slumped a bit in distress.

�Don�t slack, hold the pose!� a hard whip came on her ass.

�OUCH� she stood back at attention.

�Now for the sex education we first go to Lisa�s computer. Follow me.�

Donna walked behind Ninon out of the room and into Lisa�s room. Ninon turned on the computer and told Donna to log in. 

�Where is your wallet?� she asked Donna.

�In my room. On the table.� 

Ninon went to fetch her wallet as Donna logged into the computer.

When she returned Donna was ready.

�Okay, now here is a list of websites. I want you to visit these every day. They are pay sites, so you better make the most of it. Here.� She gave Donna her own credit card �Start signing up.�

�I don�t want to use my card on the web.� Donna protested.

�Don�t object, just do as I tell you. Everybody uses his card on the web nowadays, so you will too.�

Donna knew it was useless to object further, and she reluctantly visited the web sights and signed up for each of them. �I�ll have to check my credit statement on a regular basis from now on� she thought. Eventually the total subscription fees accumulated to about 500 dollars, monthly!

�How will I explain these expenses to Robert?� she asked. Ninon ignored the question and Donna knew she had to find some excuse by herself. 

�Ok� Ninon just said �Now you go to the photo sessions of the porn stars on this site.� Donna browsed to it. It showed various women Donna had never seen before in various photo sessions. Some sessions were just undressing, some were with dildo�s.

�This is still pretty soft-core.� Ninon remarked as Donna went through various web pages �But the poses are great. These girls are really professionals.�

Ninon took over the mouse and selected some galleries.

�I want you to study these three sessions. I want you to imitate them perfectly by the end of this week. You�ll dress and make up the same as much as possible. Next you�ll pose the same. The gym must have loosened you up already so you can do splits like these� a large picture popped up of a young women, a teenager almost, spreading her legs wide, showing her pussy, holding the lips open with one hand, and smiling with her lovely face at the camera. All her private parts were clearly to be seen, her asshole, her pussy, the lips, her clit, her breasts, with erect nipples. Donna found it disgusting, �How could anyone do this kind of work with a smile, on her own free will?� She couldn�t believe people could be so low. 

 �And as mentioned visit these sites often, and learn. Look around, see what is out there. I want you to broaden your horizon.�

�But this is Lisa�s machine, I don�t want no porn on this machine, and...�

�Just visit the sites when she�s out, she won�t notice, if you are careful. Later you can buy a new multi media machine for the new guest-room?�

�Now close off, we go to my room, I need you to lick me to an orgasm before I go to sleep.�

Donna walked back behind Ninon, troubled. Buying a new machine was the best option, but it meant also a phone line had to go to the room... �Damn, get a grip on yourself.� Donna told herself �I must find a way out, not cooperate!� But she kept on walking, she knew for now there was no alternative.

Ninon sat down on the bed in the guest room.

�Turn around first and bend over.�

Donna did and she felt Ninon pull aside her panties, and lubricate her ass. She didn�t bother to complain, she just let her, and knew what was coming. The smallest vibrator she purchased this afternoon was forced into her asshole. It hurt, but not that much thanks to the lubricate Ninon used, and the small size of the dildo.

�I want you to sleep with the dildo in your ass tonight, we need to stretch you asshole to accommodate some bigger dildo�s in the future. So from now on every night you sleep with this one inside.� She turned the dildo on, and it started to vibrate uncomfortably inside Donna�s ass. �And don�t turn it off.� The zooming sound was filling the room.

�If I don�t hear this noise every night, you will be in big trouble.�

Donna�s mind raced through the consequences once again. �Lisa and Trixy will hear the noise too... and Robert...�

�When my husband is here, I don�t need to use it? Please?� Donna had to ask, beg.

Ninon smiled �No, than it will be probably his dick humming up your ass.�

Donna sighed from relief, but worried about Robert fucking her ass. He never done that, and he wasn�t the man who would do such a thing. �Please, don�t let them force me to have him fuck my ass...� but as she wished this she knew they probably would force her one way or the other to have him fuck her ass.

�Next.� Ninon continued �You�ll need to fuck yourself with this dildo. You bought a good size.� Donna felt one of the larger dildo�s entering her pussy, stretching it. But again the lubricate did its work and it glided in without much pain.

�Show me how you masturbate with it.�

Donna reach between her legs to the dildo and pumped it in and out. Slowly, giving her pussy time to adjust to the intruder. �I should have wetted myself.� She thought as her pussy cramped again and again. �It would have hurt less.�

�Well, I would like to see more enthusiasm in the near future Donna.� Ninon commented �You best study the web sites, look at some video footage of girls masturbating with dildo�s. Remember you will have to achieve two goals, give a good show, and come, or fake convincingly.�

�And my advice would be to come really, as we women know when we fake it. And that will lead to some dire consequences, I guarantee.�

�Now masturbate yourself like this while you lick my pussy. Kneel you little slut.�

Donna turned and sank down on her knees. Her ass-vibrator hummed away, and she pumped her now wet pussy, as she bend over to lick the pussy of Ninon.

�Look at me.� Ninon instructed and she whipped hard on the ass of Donna.

The whip stung, but Donna didn�t stop licking, she just looked up at Ninon.

The next half hour, or hour, Donna sucked away at Ninon wet pussy, licked her clitring, licked her asshole, tried everything to get her to come, and avoid being whipped. Ninon however was not easily satisfied, and whipped Donna constantly, either complaining she didn�t lick good enough, or because she was not posing correctly, not posing erotically enough. After a while she even applied the dreadful nipple clamps to Donna�s exposed and whipped breasts. The pain was less than she expected at first, but as time went by it increased gradually. 

A tired Donna finally walked back to her room. The ass dildo still vibrating inside her, and in her hand the dirty dildo with which she had masturbated herself to several orgasms. Her ass and breasts were on fire from the numerous whips they received, but no real deep marks were made. The clamps were removed by Ninon, with all the pain that brought as the blood rushed back into her nipples. Her face was smeared with cumm from Ninon. Her mouth tasted like it. She felt low, very low. 

Also Donna wondered why Ninon didn�t come so easily as she did. She found that she really had outdone herself with licking her, yet Ninon came almost reluctantly. It made her feel even more like a real slut, and made her ashamed of herself. And she wondered if her licking just wasn�t good enough, or was she deliberately holding in? To have her lick longer, endure the humiliation longer?

Donna fell on the bed tired, very tired, and feeling very down. Her situation seemed hopeless, she was completely at the mercy of Ninon and ms Brendan, her whole life was turned upside down, it just was one long string of one humiliating act to another.

When she heard the buzz of the vibrator in her ass she started to cry, and cried until she fell asleep.











The enema



�Wake up Donna.� 

Donna slowly lifted her tired head. �What...?� she muttered

�Wake up Donna, you have another task to do.�

It was Ninon who was in her room, sitting on her bed, holding a bag with what seemed like rubber tubes.

Donna rose and looked at Ninon surprised, �What... what time is it?� she asked still sleepy.

�6 o�clock. It is really early, but this might take some time.� Ninon replied �Now get up.�

Donna lifted herself out of the bed, and felt the dildo sting in her ass.

�You can turn it off.� Ninon said �It has done it�s job for today.�

Donna stood and with her right hand went into her ass to turn it off.

�Don�t take it out yet.� Ninon said �Let�s go to the bathroom first�

Donna curiously followed Ninon into the bathroom. Ninon turned the lights on. 

�Now sit on the toilet and take the dildo out.� 

Donna was blinded by the bright light for a moment, and slowly shuffled to the toilet, where she sat down. She lifted her legs up and with both hands tried to fetch the dildo deep inside her ass, before it hit her what obscene scene this actually was.

Ninon watch her as she unpacked her bag and attached a tube to a bag she then filled with warm water.

�It is difficult at first.� Ninon remarked �But you�ll learn to fetch things out of your ass. Try to push it out as if you are shitting.� 

Donna tried as suggested, and felt the dildo slowly lower itself. Suddenly she let out a hard fart. She was humiliated to the bone! On top of that she felt she had pushed out some shit which was now on her hands.

�Yes, that was to be expected.� Ninon said as if nothing had happened. �This will avoid that mess.�&nbsp;&nbsp; And she pointed to the rubber tubes and bag she was busy with.

�I-I�m so ashamed...� Donna said red faces. She looked around for a towel.

�Look, just get it out first. Keep on pushing.� Ninon instructed �You�ll get yourself dirty again anyway.�

Helpless Donna looked up from the toilet bowl. She cried tears from utter degradation.

�Donna!� Ninon warned.

Donna let her head sunk and her hands, her fingers, went into her ass again to fetch the dildo. Donna didn�t think anymore, and as she pushed more farts and shit came out, and she just wept openly.

�Don�t you stop. It�s gotta come out.� Ninon warned her.

Finally Donna got a grip on the dildo and she pulled it out. The pain was nothing compared to her destroyed pride. The dildo was covered in her shit, and the whole bathroom stank.

�Good.� Ninon said. She had finished with setting up her items. �Now throw it in the bath tub. You�ll clean it while you shower. Now finish your shit, and fast please, you stink.�

Donna cried as she did as told. 

�I�m gonna give you an enema. You watch, as you�ll give it to yourself every time you take a shower. You�ll need to be clean inside out.� Ninon explained while Donna was shitting. Donna had heard of enema�s but she was not willing to have one.

�Please Ninon, stop this degradation, please..� She begged.

�Now don�t you beg. The enema will let you feel much better, and you�ll have much less dirt to deal with.� Ninon smirked as she gave Donna a dirty look.

�No, this is too much, I...I don�t feel human anymore, this is too degrading..� Donna went on �I can have you fucking me, forcing me to lick you, dress me up like a slut, having me act like one, but this is too....too dirty, too low...�

�You�ll go much lower if you don�t shit right now, just push the stuff out, empty your bowels, and we�ll finish much sooner.

Donna shook her head and just sat there crying, broken. She just couldn�t.

�Have it your way.� An angry Ninon remarked and she pulled Donna up by her hair.

�OOWW� Donna shouted out.

�And wake up your daughters so they can see what slut you have become?� Ninon smirked, �You stupid bitch, better be quiet.�

Donna�s head was forced down in the bath tube, and this left her ass up on the side of the tube.

�Now keep quiet� Ninon ordered, and she shoved a tube into Donna�s ass.

�NGGGN� Donna cried as she kept her jaws closed not to make too much noise.

She felt warm water entering her ass. 

�Keep still.� Ninon reminded her as she pinned her down with one hand. Donna just was out of it. When she opened her eyes she saw the shit covered dildo next to her face, and another wave of humiliation overwhelmed her. She was indeed the lowest of the lowest. She had lost all self esteem. Tears ran over her cheeks.

While the bag emptied it�s contents in Donna Ninon explained 

�The enema�s keep your bowels clean, so when you get ass-fucked, or when you fuck yourself with a dildo or whatever, no dirt comes out.�

Ninon turned on the shower and Donna shrieked from the ice cold water.

�Keep still, Donna.� Ninon warned. 

Donna shivered but kept quiet as the water slowly warmed up the bath tub filled with a floating dildo and the water full of shit.

�You keep this in you like this for 15 minutes. Keep this position!� and Ninon left the room.

Donna got out the stop so the water flowed out. She kept her position, despite the cramps she was feeling, and they got worse as time went by.

Finally Ninon came back. 

�Sit on the toilet.� She roughly pulled the exhausted Donna up and let her fall back on the toilet seat. The tube was removed roughly, and next Donna felt her stomach empty itself splashing it�s watery substance loudly into the toilet. Donna was still crying in shame and this only made it worse.

�And back again.� Ninon said as she placed Donna again ass-up on the bath tub side, and inserted the tube again.

Three humiliating times Donna was given an enema, totally crushing her self esteem. To have someone see her covered in her own shit, to not be able to do anything against it, Donna�s mind was totally blank after the last enema.

�Shower, and clean yourself from the outside.� Ninon instructed �The inside is clean, finally.� 

�Remember your daughters will be awake in about 10 minutes.� Ninon added, and she left Donna to herself.

Donna turned on the shower as she crawled into the bath tube, and let the warm water drain her as she sat, and slowly picked up herself again. When she came out of the shower she still felt degraded, but slowly came to terms with her latest degradation.

As she walked in the bedroom, clean, and refreshed she almost felt normal again.

�Your daughters are already gone, the driver took them.� Ninon said as she walked into the room. �I told them you had a rough night and would probably sleep it off.�

Donna looked a little bit lost, she was spending already so little time with them...

�How do you feel?� Ninon asked as she sat on the bed.

�Awful.� Donna replied.

�The first ones are really gross for everybody, don�t be ashamed about that. I�ve seen much worse.� Ninon said. �Now you just need to give yourself an enema every time you shower, I left the kit in the bathroom.�

�Every time I have to go through this, please no.� Donna said, almost rebelling.

Ninon smiled at Donna �I understand how you feel right now. But as I mentioned the first ones are worse, from now on for instance only one enema will probably completely clean you, as you are already very clean. So you don�t need to do it three times like we just did. And you stomach will get used to it more and more, giving less cramps. Just make sure you shit every time before giving it to yourself, it keeps it cleaner.�

Ninon caressed Donna who sat down with pouted lips, almost crying again.

�Don�t you feel better already. Doctors advise people to have an enema at least once a year, it cleans the interior of all nasty stuff. �

She looked into Donna�s eyes �And Donna, it will make the ass fucks you�ll be receiving much, much easier to handle.�

Donna tried to smile, but just shook her head wearily.

�Anyway, you�ll have to find someone to fix the guest room. Make a drawing first, I want to make sure it is how I want it.� Ninon stood up �It is time for you to start the day.�











Weeks pass by...



The next weeks Donna fell into a schedule of sex sex and more sex in her view. If she wasn�t busy fucking herself with a dildo, or licking Ninon to an orgasm, she was busy �studying� it on the internet, overviewing the weird modifications in the guest room, or busy making herself pretty, either in the spa, or at the gym, or just by applying make up three, four times a day. And apart from that she still had to work half days!



The changes in the room where more expensive than she expected; the stupid pole alone needed some additional changes in the structure of the building to make it strong enough for pole dancing. She was still embarrassed as she saw the workers busy with the changes, as they obviously didn�t buy her excuse why there had to be a pole in the room, and why there, with a podium. Her daughters even remarked the pole idea was like something out of a night club. Donna had played dumb folded at the remark. She pretended it was just something artistic to grow plants or something she explained, and she convinced them. Her daughters obviously hadn�t a clue what was really going on, and she was happy about that. No way her daughters were going to know what was really going on.

Ninon had changed the drawings to accommodate a �swing�, roof chains, and instructed the walls to be sound proof. In addition the windows had to be one way see-through, and of course sound proof too. It was like she was building a small bunker. The price was something Donna didn�t dare to discuss with Robert. She opted to have her whole salary of the coming months be used, and even had asked for a large advance, which she only got after much discussion, as her work still wasn�t up to par according to her boss, which meant so much as that ms Brendan was still not pleased with her, or was still �punishing� her.



Her nightly escapades to �Ninon�s room�, as they called it now, when Ninon was in (which was almost every night) didn�t go unnoticed, but she could convince her daughters it was kind of girl talk they did. Of course that didn�t explain the extreme outfits, but then Donna was wearing sexier clothing more and more by day too. The girls simply got used to their mother wearing skimpier outfits. Her whole wardrobe slowly underwent a �facelift� actually. And the zooming noise of the vibrator was terrifying Donna every night still. She didn�t had enough money to make her bedroom soundproof too, so she just hoped her daughters would not come and check where that noise originated from. At night when everything was quite Donna felt like the whole house was filled with the noise of her ass vibrator.

As far as her ass dildo and her masturbation sessions with Ninon were concerned, they got heavier, kinkier every day. By now it was normal for Donna to place a strap-on onto Ninon and bend over and get a good fucking up her pussy or ass, as Ninon would refer to it. She was now told to double fuck herself, in her ass and in her pussy, she got whipped a lot, sometimes so much she couldn�t sit anymore the next day, as her ass and thighs where sore all over. Ninon explained she had to be able to endure pain together with pleasure. 

And on top of it all she had to keep posing. Ninon explained to her she was being thought to behave exactly as ms Brendan, her love, would want her to behave. Her legs she had to keep stretched, toes curled. Her ass always pushed out, her belly flat, her breast pushed forward, not too much. Her arms had to be placed elegantly, despite the obscene positions she usually was in. Her face always had to be with a seductive smile. Her movements, even when whipped, had to be sensual. It was one of the most difficult tasks, as the pain, or just the discomfort, the humiliation of the situation distracted Donna. She just couldn�t keep on posing during a whole session. She often broke down and cried out of sheer misery, but Ninon showed no mercy, and usually let her cry for a short time, and then wake her up with a hard whipping. Ninon thought her even how to cry according to ms Brendan�s taste. She had to sigh, breath, squeal, or make whatever sex sound just as ms Brendan wanted it, and when. Donna now understood why it would take a lot of practicing to get ready for ms Brendan. It wasn�t just she had to fuck, and do what comes natural, she had to act the whole time, even when she lost control as she came, or when the pain was simply too much. And the acting had to be convince the audience, and Donna knew ms Brendan and Ninon were harsh critics. Ninon had explained Donna the only way to get it right was to practice, practice, and practice more, with devotion. And Donna complied more and more to this demand as time went by, as she was loosing more and more the ability to fight as she was constantly tired, sore, wasted.

Yet on the other hand, somehow Donna found her body was quit good adapting. She was coming much easier lately; her juices flowed freely, and her ass had opened up to the vibrator somewhat, making it all less uncomfortable. Her forced enema every morning. every shower, actually did help. It cleaned out her bowels, and it actually made her feel better for a while, a strange healthy clean feeling. That was, until at night the dildo was entered once again. But it was a positive development, one of the few, that she was didn�t had to worry too much about heating up her own body. Her nipples were easily aroused, her whole body was ready for sex much more.

An annoying side effect of all the �sex� was an itch in both her pussy and ass which became more as time passed on. Donna wondered if it was because of all the abuse of her tender organs. She knew this made her come easier, but she also felt it was not natural. The itch made her pussy constantly produce juices, which was an advantage during her sex lessons, but extremely annoying, embarrassing during work, or when talking with her daughters, or when she was shopping. She constantly feared a spot would show up in her tight pants, or it trickled down her wet panties along her legs. 

She feared something was wrong, and so she had discussed it with the neighbor of ms Brendan, the doctor, who had passed by on her request. On the �advice� of Ninon she had switched her family to that doctor at that time too. Donna had agreed, as this doctor at least knew partially what was going on, therefore being able to react upon it, understanding Donna�s �problems� a bit better, and the rest of her family was barely sick. As far as het itch was concerned, the doctor indicated after some inspection she saw some irritation, but nothing serious, no infection, luckily. Yet the itch didn�t go, even when she used more lubricant, and thus her juices kept on flowing, increasing day by day. The itch even made her look forward to her sessions with Ninon and her dildo�s. The last nights she even had scratched herself inside her pussy with a dildo, it had made her come along the way, and her juices had wetted the bed. After putting away the dildo she had cried herself to sleep from sheer frustration; she was coming as she abused her pussy all by herself, no instructions given. It felt like she was falling deeper into the trap. And of course the itch returned before she was asleep. 



They went out almost every night, to different places. The flirting got her in trouble numerous times. As she was instructed to wear more and more slutty clothing, short skirts, high heels, hard colours, red, pink, electric blue, revealing all too much, the men constantly harassed her when they went out. She learned to cope with them more and more however. She adapted her attitude to her clothing, slutty, bitchy, making most men afraid to approach her, but the ones who did wanted, expected, more and more on the other hand. Ninon didn�t help at all with them, as she just �pushed� her towards the men if she felt Donna was not behaving as she wanted her to, meaning she would give out dirty details of her, tell them how Donna had told her she wanted to fuck with studs like them. To avoid Ninon putting her in very difficult positions she had to follow the rules given: flirt with the men, kiss and fondle, and give out her phone number and house address. This soon resulted in constant phone calls from strange men asking for her. Her daughters asked her already what was up, and upon advice of Ninon she had switched phones twice already, both her home phone and her cell. But she couldn�t switch address, though no man had appeared on her doorstep yet. On top of that all the men were informed she was married. It gave them a sort of advantage over her, as they knew, expected, she didn�t want her husband to know about her escapades. Donna found out that the best way to counter the men who tried to abuse that fact was by acting as if she didn�t care. As if her husband was a wimp. In fact it made her a real slut in their eyes, but that at least it gave Donna the upper hand again in their flirting, having her call the shots, and being able to get rid of them if they became too difficult. 

Donna�s biggest&nbsp; fear was that it would be only a matter of time before men would knock on her door and demand more. She wondered how she would resolve that situation. Ninon had remarked that she would allow Donna to stop with the flirting the moment she thought Donna knew how to �handle� all sorts of men, so Donna�s only resolve was to �learn� as quickly as possible.

A side effect of her switching phones was also that her friends and family couldn�t reach her anymore. This was kind of a blessing for Donna, who had no need to meet with her old friends just now, nor discuss anything with her family nor Robert�s. She first had to sort things out, know where all this was heading to, once the situation was �resolved� and she was stable again she would pick up her lost contacts, Donna had decided.

Weekends were somewhat different, but no less intense. The latter two weeks they went out on Fridays, and after hopping through all the bars in town they usually ended in some lowdown strip club, or even in a brothel.

Donna was often mistaken as a dancer or hooker in those places, and it made for some difficult, even dangerous situations. Yet she somehow managed to avoid real problems, sometimes Ninon came to the rescue, but most of the times she could do it on her own. Apart from that she learned to respect the whores and erotic dancers. She saw the hard work they had to do, especially the whores. How they usually were treated by their pimps if they didn�t do a good job was awful. She found out most of them just had bad luck which made them be in the place they were now, by no means were they all low life, or sluts. 



As far as her �learning� was involved, she now knew what her first �kissing date� meant with �milf�. Due to the web sites she had to visit she learned actually all sorts of lingo, and saw ways of having sex she never thought possible. She now knew the names of the latest popular pornstars, and knew the latest do�s and don�t�s in the pron industry. She was surprised how many beautiful women were involved in porn. And how dirty hard core sex really was. The close-ups of dicks deep inside small assess, with the lady still smiling at the camera, the double penetration, the facials. It all had surprised her. She still couldn�t believe women actually enjoyed those acts, but it was difficult to imagine them all being forced. But to her it was disgusting they made a living like that. Donna was brought up to be always descent, respectable. Her friends were all respectable. Sex never was the main subject in her life. However, the last weeks she had to admit sex was all that happened in her life. But to dedicate yourself willingly to be just a sexual subject... No for Donna sex still had a purpose, as she thought lovingly of her daughters. However much she learned already, Ninon had told her there was still a lot more for her to find in the future. For now Donna had to focus on the web sites she was a member of, which were mainly softcore, and a bit of hardcore porn, and a lot of lesbian action.

As she was instructed to she had learned to imitate various photo sessions Ninon would selected for her. She would mimic the clothing as much as possible (sometimes buying additional stuff) and practice the poses in front of a mirror, usually in Lisa�s room, as the computer was there. She couldn�t wait to put a computer with internet also in the guest room, but the wiring had to be in place first, the room had to be ready first. This would give her easier access to the internet, and all the new mirrors in the room would help her with her posing. When she posed in her daughters room, there was the constant fear of Lisa barging in on her, or leaving some garment behind.



Her normal life had ceased to exist. She saw her daughters in the morning as she got up. But she was always too tired to really chat with them, and they were in a hurry too as usual. At night Ninon had arranged for them to be with friends most of the times, even in the last two weekends. On advice of Ninon she gave them more allowance to keep them happy, though it was against Donna�s principles. But she was really tired, and just wanted to get through this �training� period as soon as possible, so she just paid her daughters off, as she considered it.

Robert was a different issue. She didn�t want to talk to him as she felt she cheated on him, with her flirting with all the strange men, with the modifications of the house, Ninon�s training. She kept up a happy image and usually gave the phone quickly to her daughters, if he called at all. It seemed he was really busy and stressed out by his work, though he still was really enthusiastic about it. He seemed to be really proud of his achievements. Donna silently just hoped he kept on doing a good job, as she feared what ms Brendan would do if he didn�t.



As far as her personal feelings Donna felt she was in a roller coaster, with no end in sight. She barely managed to get through the day, and didn�t even gave her overall situation much thought. It was too weird for her to comprehend, let alone to see what the future would bring. She saw in her current state no way out, and just did as she was told, takn everything step by step. Even the ridiculous posing for Ninon she was ordered to do she did to the best of her ability, just to get it over with. She hoped that if she focused on �learning� those poses, those sex acts it would soon be over. By now she didn�t mind if she had to fuck every weekend with ms Brendan in the future, if she just could get a part of her life back again. And thus she shut her own thought out mainly, at least the ones fighting against the situations, and the ones bringing her despair too much. She just went through her new daily routine: get up, put on the plastic high heels (or first remove the ones she wore while she fell asleep), shit, take an enema while showering, wear revealing lingerie with something to cover it, but not too much, together with high heels, go down and fix breakfast and have the kids out of the house. If Ninon or the driver of ms Brendan didn�t take the kids she would bring them, again wearing just short skirts, high heeled gym shoes or whatever she found or was told to wear.

At 10:00 she would welcome the working men, who were fixing the guest room, discuss the latest changes, schedule, and next she usually picked her lingerie sets and other clothing and locked herself in Lisa�s room to practice, and browse the porn sites. Somehow Ninon knew exactly how often she visited a site, and she made it clear she expected high numbers. Donna didn�t dare to complain, and made sure she visited each site often, no matter how gross she actually found the pictures.

She was soon quite good in mimicking the shoots Ninon wanted her to imitate, and even her wardrobe was soon extended to duplicate the clothing of the photo models.

At the end of the morning she would write her diary, next was lunch, and off to her real work. There she really still enjoyed herself, though less as before, as she was reminded often she had to impress ms Brendan more.

After work the gym, with Bill harassing her with gruesome exercises, though they had a good effect on her body, she had to admit.

Returning home she was in the hands of Ninon once again, who would either take her out (usually), or send her daughters out and have a long session at home.

The night ended always with Donna licking Ninon to an orgasm in the guest room, with Donna dressed and made up like a true slut. And after all the sex, the whipping, she was finally allowed to sleep in her bed. Though be it with a dildo up her ass.

The next day the whole sequence would repeat itself.

Saturday was spent buying stuff. New clothing, toys, as instructed by Ninon, and material for the room, as instructed by the construction manager.

Saturday went by pretty quick as she got up late.

She went to diner with Ninon the last two weekends. They went to very expensive places, with Donna dressed provocative, yet still decent. She wore on both occasions a night dress, long, with a split up to her hips, which showed off her long trained legs. Her high heels shoes completed the view.

The top of her dress left her back exposed, and had a v-shaped split to just below her breast. This made people have a good view of her breasts, as she was of course not allowed to wear a bra, nor panties for that matter.

However with her hair done very professional and very classy by Ninon, and her make up also not as much as she was used to by now, her overall appearance was sophisticated. That is, at first glance. Upon closer inspection people would see the dress was see-through, exposing her nipples, her piercing, and of the light was correct, even her shaved vagina. On top of that Donna met a few clients, business partners in the restaurants. It was humiliating for Donna to have to talk to her clients, as she knew the more they would chat, the more they would see what she actually was wearing, and the more her image as hard working business woman was destroyed, turned into that of a slut, especially with Ninon as her date. Ninon from her side was an expert in making odd remarks which hinted at Donna�s image of a slut. The clients, colleagues, would usually not know what she meant at first, but Donna saw some of them got the message and looked at her differently from then on. This made Dona hate going to sophisticated places with Ninon, and she opted during the weeks to go to the more shady bars. At least there her image of the perfect housewife, business woman, was not at stake.

After Diner it was either into the nightlife again, discotheque or bars, or back home for some heavy sex. 

Any which way she would wake up the next morning feeling sore and miserable. Usually with red whip marks all over her body.

Sunday by day was used for studying, practicing, and her diary had to be corrected. The rest of the time she was free, which she used to pamper her sore body.

Sunday night she was still exhausted as her daughters returned from wherever they had been (friends Donna knew, but the names didn�t ring any bells anymore). Although the girls were eager to tell Donna what they had done she usually fell asleep early in the evening, and went to bed wishing them well. She needed the sleep to be ready for the next gruesome week. 

 

All this time she hadn�t heard anything from ms Brendan, apart from Ninon who either threatened Donna she would inform ms Brendan if she didn�t do as she was told (which she had to do less and less), or to tell her ms Brendan was happy with her �progress�. Ms Brendan was however never far from her mind, as Ninon made it clear time and time again she was being prepped for her: The way she was taught to lick Ninon was just the way ms Brendan liked it, the poses were the poses ms Brendan loved, the kissing between Ninon and Donna was the way ms Brendan liked to be kissed, even the way she was butt fucked by Ninon and her strap on was the way ms Brendan liked it, or better the way Donna had to behave, the grunts, the movements, was the way ms Brendan liked it.



And on top of it all she had to write it all down into her diary. And she had to use all her fantasy to explain all her actions in a acceptable manner, that is, acceptable to Ninon and ms Brendan. Ninon went through it with her late at night, usually while she was licking her pussy, at which moment she told her what parts had to be rewritten. Also Ninon had given the diary to ms Brendan to check if all was to her licking. The diary was a real psychological burden. It was her handwriting, and it was a mixture of lies and truths which Donna really couldn�t separate anymore. It was all too gross. How could she ever explain anyone it�s all fake? In addition she knew the diary was also her guide as how she had to behave, so in fact she invented her own new outward personality. And she hated that fact.











Preparing for Robert�s arrival



Donna sat at the table in the kitchen. Her daughters were just fetched by ms Brendan�s driver. Donna had a lot to do before Robert would come Friday night. Basically she wanted to have the workmen, busy upstairs already, to finish up so she could clean up. They were over schedule due to the constant modifications by Ninon. Donna suspected ms Brendan was behind it, but those things she didn�t ask anymore. Ninon wouldn�t answer anyway, and Donna figured it didn�t really matter, the changes just had to be done. The fact that Robert would come made her think about her situation. Things have gotten out of hand for sure. Just five minutes ago some of her nightly encounters had called to ask her out.&nbsp; 

�I must change phones again...� she knew �What will Robert think? Switching phone numbers three times in three weeks...But if I don�t they�ll call and he�ll get suspicious...�

A tear welled up in her eye as she just felt plain miserable, remembering all of the past weeks. 

�Why is this happening to me? What have I done wrong?� she wondered. She drank her coffee and shook her head �No need to worry about that right now. Get the room finished, get the house clean, and Robert can come and won�t notice a thing.�

�Ninon was happy with my progress she told me, so I don�t expect problems from that side, and the girls...� Donna shook her head �..Actually I don�t have a clue what they are up to lately. This new life is totally consuming me.�

The home phone rang, and Donna wondered who it could be. She picked up the phone in the living room.

�Hello?� she said. By now she didn�t say her own name out loud anymore. She was able to convince some of her �dates� that they had a wrong number and a joke had been played with them. And even though this was her home phone and not her cell, a few man had managed to get it by �accident� from Ninon.

�Hello Cutty! How are you doing today?� 

It was ms Brendan! Donna�s heart jumped a beat, what was she up to now, had she done something wrong?

�I- I�m fine ms Brendan, thank you.�

�Good, listen, I just had a conference call with my employee Robert, and he is doing a marvelous job. That means he deserves a bonus...�

�Here we go again.� Donna thought as she recalled the last weekend Robert was back home.

�...And that is of course where you come in. your last weekend with him was a total disaster, so I want you to do an excellent job this time, understood?�

Ms Brendan was direct as usual.

�Yes, ms Brendan.� Donna replied, feeling tears well up. �She is going to ruin my weekend with Robert and the kids for sure.� Donna thought.

�Now you basically have to do the same as last weekend, only now you�ll have to fuck him 25 times.�

�25 times!!!� Donna thought, �How on earth can I reach such a figure in a weekend?�

�I figured giving you a clear goal would be better for you. And to make sure you reach the quota I want every fuck session recorded. Write down this number, you have a pen?�

�One moment please, ms Brendan.� Donna frantically sought a pen near the phone, and a piece of paper.

�Ok, ms Brendan, I�m ready.�

�Hope you are, Cutty, hope you are... The number is 808-2345789. It�s a pay number, sorry about that, You�ll call with your cell and leave the line open every time you fuck with my employee, up until the moment he comes. That way I will be able to check anytime if you are doing as told. If it is not recorded correctly t doesn�t count!�

�O-Ok ms Brendan� Donna meekly replied.

�Now don�t disappoint me! I heard good news so far from Ninon about you, and I�m impressed with what I�ve read about you. I would hate it if all that credit would go to waste in one lousy weekend.�

�Yes, ms Brendan, I understand.� Donna cursed herself as she sounded so submissive �I won�t disappoint you again ms Brendan.�

A silent fell, and Donna wondered what was next.

�Aren�t you forgetting something?� ms Brendan hinted.

�I- I love you ms Brendan.� Donna hastily added.

�Good, Cutty, very good. Talk to you on Monday.� And the line went dead.

Donna looked at the piece of paper with the telephone number, and thought about the amount of fucks she would have to have with Robert. �How on earth will I reach 25? And she probably expects me to go beyond it too...� 

Donna quickly calculated the possibility, 3-4 Friday night, Saturday 10-11, Sunday 10-11, she would have to suck him off at times too, as fucking itself would just take too much time, was that acceptable to ms Brendan? �I�ll have to ask Ninon, ask for advice.� She concluded. �Hopefully she has an idea on how to do this. Hopefully Robert leaves Monday, and not Sunday night as last weekend...�

Now Donna was really stressed. She hated the situation she was in, and she knew ms Brendan would find a way to spoil her weekend.

�If I have to fuck him so much, it�s like every 2 hours a fuck, but he�ll sleep, he�ll pass some time with Lisa and Trixy...�

A loud noise upstairs woke her up from her pondering, and she ran upstairs to see what the men were up to this time, her daily chores called her again.



The morning passed by with Donna finishing up the guest-room above. The men luckily finished on time. �Tomorrow I�ll decorate it.� Donna thought as she looked around �Right now it sure looks like some brothel�. It definitely looked that way, with the pole, the hooks in the ceiling, the high poled carpet, red of course. Ninon had chosen most of the items in the room, and she didn�t want no misunderstanding as to what was happening in it, Donna understood. But she figured with some flowers, plants, paintings, she could fix it up to look close to descent. She would also lock the door and say that Ninon had some private stuff in the room anyway. She didn�t worry about the room for now. 

Her worries went back to the assignment from ms Brendan. She called up Ninon before going to work to ask her if she could please pass by tonight, as she needed advice. It was the first time she actually asked Ninon over. She usually just was present. Donna wondered how Ninon�s marriage was, as she had spent most of her time with her. Maybe she had one of those open marriages she learned about on the internet, and her husband was having his affairs too? She didn�t look like such a type, but then again, she didn�t look like the type that fucked with women, �training� them.

After work she went to the gym as usual. Her trainer Bill had her do her normal work out, and told her her body was in good shape, which kind of made her day. He rarely gave her compliments.

Next usually was the spa, but Ninon told her to just skip that, and come straight home. When she arrived home she saw Ninon was already there, and her daughters not.

�I figured you wanted to have a night alone, so I let Lisa go to a party with some friends, and Trixy arranged a sleep over.�

�A party on a Thursday.� Donna thought �A few months ago I would have personally fetched Lisa and dropped her back home, grounding her for weeks, but now, I just don�t care, don�t mind, think it�s best actually.�

�Thanks.� Donna said.

�Sit, I cooked something for you, you sounded serious on the phone.�

Donna sat down at the diner table. Ninon really could be nice, gentle, she knew by now. As long as she did as was told, Ninon would keep her pain and humiliation to a minimum.

After Ninon also sat down and they each had a full plate in front of them Ninon asked Donna what was up.

�Ms Brendan called me today.� Donna told her �And she wants me to have sex with Robert 25 times this weekend. You know this means she probably expects even more fucks. How on earth do I get to that kind of figure? A man can come ever so often.�

Ninon laughed and nodded �Ms Brendan gave you a tough order, but you will have to comply, you understand by now.�

�I do, that�s why I had to turn to you, to ask for advice on this. You have any ideas?�

Ninon thought for a while, as she took a few bites.

�You can be open about it with him.� She suggested �Tell him you want to fuck him at least 25 times to make up for the past weeks: every day a fuck and some bonus for the weekends. It would add up to the amount...�

�No, that won�t do with my Robert. He�ll object, complain, will ridicule me. Start asking questions, get suspicious. � Donna shook her head, honesty was not an option. �But still, how do I even get him alone so often? We have our daughters, he�ll want to be with them too. Yet to fuck him so much, I�ll need him for myself all the time I think.�

�What were ms Brendan�s specific instructions?� Ninon asked, probably to see if there was some sort of loop hole.

�To have sex with him 25 times, and as proof I have to phone a certain number, and leave the line open during the sex, up until he comes.�

�I see, that means you�ll have to behave as I taught you, you understand this?�

Donna hadn�t thought about it, but Ninon was right.

�She wants me to show her what I�ve learned the past weeks from you too.� She said

�Exactly, it�s not just the amount of fucks. I just hope for your sake you remember how to make the noises, what to say, how to scream.�

�Robert will notice I behave differently.�

�Indeed. But to reach 25 or above you�ll need to behave differently anyway. The old timid Donna won�t reach it. I suggest you�ll let the new inner slut do the working. And that slut can suck him off while he drives home, tell him how wet she is. That Donna can reach above 25, easily.�

Donna thought for a while, chewing on the food.

�Do you think sucking off counts too?� she asked Ninon.

�Ms Brendan didn�t say it didn�t. She didn�t mention you had to come either, so it is definitely a way to go. But I suggest you make sure you fuck with him a fair amount too. You don�t want to abuse this idea. The intention is you fuck with him, remember that, else you�ll pay dearly on Monday.�

Donna nodded. She understood. But now she saw a small way out. If she sucked him off several times...

�And I would suck him off after you fucked him, not first blow him and then have sex as usually is done.� Ninon continued �A man comes quickly the first time, and the second or third time it takes longer to reach an orgasm for him. If at that time you jerk him off, you�ll get him off much faster, it�ll be less tiresome for you, and above all much quicker.�

Donna thought about it. She was right. �Thanks, I never looked at it that way...� 

�You�ll learn to see things like that. It is not about you coming, it�s about making robert come, making him enjoy the ride.� Ninon assured Donna 

Donna wondered as they ate in silent �I�ll have to be a slut... Act out for my own husband... Will he see through me? Shouldn�t I confess and we can both find a way out?�

�It�ll crush him if he finds out... and we�ll loose everything, I will be disgraced, he will be disgraced...�

�On the other side, all I need to do is fuck him, fuck him a lot...�

�But it will never stop, what will be next?�

�Ninon...� Donna said softly.

�Yes Donna?�

�What will happen to me, what is ms Brendan�s plan with me? Will it ever end?�

�I don�t know Donna.� Ninon said �But I would worry more about the huge consequences if you stop with it now. Though I can understand your doubts at this moment.�

�That answer didn�t help much� Donna thought.

�But if you had to fuck Robert 5 times you wouldn�t really think about quitting, would you?� Ninon asked back

�Meaning?�

�Meaning it is the amount of fucks that makes you think about rebelling.�

�Well that�s logical.�

�No, I wouldn�t see the amount as a burden, see it as a challenge. More like a bet you can fuck your husband 25 times in coming weekend, instead of an order.�

�But it is an order. And I�ll have to draw a line somewhere, why not here and now?�

�Because you haven�t thought about the consequences. You�ll loose everything.� Ninon simply stated �You are way in over your head; you have an outstanding debt by ms Brendan, your job, and more over, your husband�s job is on the line. If she fires you both, you can forget about working in this city, or in this country for that matter. It will be poverty, real poverty for the family, gone is the house, the cars, the future for your daughters. She�ll hunt you down everywhere, and make life a living hell for you and each family member.� 

Donna was taken by the coldness with which Ninon explained her situation.

�So...� she started

�So I suggest you just fuck with your husband, and try to fuck him more, and impress ms Brendan. You have never impressed her yet did you?�

�No...�

�Well, this is your chance to find out what that will bring you, instead of disappointing her time after time, and complaining about its consequences.�

Donna poked in her food. She was definitely thinking about quitting. What started as a curious endeavor had turned into something she just couldn�t control.

�Donna...� Ninon woke her up from her line of thought �Think about the consequences of both options.�

�I am, But Ninon, you have to understand, I feel abused, I am being raped by you, by ms Brendan, I don�t see it changing to an �acceptable� level. What is in it for me? Nothing!�

�Honestly, Donna.� Ninon replied �Nothing? The job, the promotion of your husband, the extra money? And that is all what you�ve got while you disappointed her! Imagine what she�ll give you once you really satisfy her, in every way.�

�See your situation like having a car accident, somebody driving into you from behind for example, and then moving on without you being able to trace the car. It just happens, nothing you can do about it, it isn�t your fault. But still you�ll have to deal with its consequences, you can�t ignore it ever happened. You can�t go back anymore. You might have a whiplash, you�ll have to pay for the repairs, and so on.�

Donna looked at Ninon. That thought frightened her, she had hoped silently ms Brendan and all of this would one day be out of her life again. Now she began to understand she was in her life for a long, long time.

�Ms Brendan is just like that accident. She is in your life now, even if you kick her out, she will be there, making your life as miserable as possible. Best you can do is deal with it, handle it to the best of your abilities.�

�But it so hard, so degrading, so....� And Donna just started to cry. As she cried Ninon got up and hugged her gently, comforting her, relaxing her with soothing words.

When Donna came through, she was calm again, and she felt a bit better. 

�Ok, I�ll go for it this weekend, let�s try to please ms Brendan.� She said demonstrative, as she dried her eyes.

�Great, that �a girl! now I�ll help you get of on a good start. I�ll dress you up when you pick him up, just like the last weekend, giving you the task to act like the slut you�ll portrait.�

�Thanks, I guess. � Donna smiled through her tears

�But I�ll do more, I�ll prepare the various clothing and other details for you, so you�ll have like a guide line through the weekend. You just behave in accordance with the clothing you�ll be wearing and it�ll go alright.�

�And for tonight, well, we�ll start with watching some porn on the internet to see how women fuck men, get them off. We haven�t seen much of that. We�ll download some movies to see how you should behave, and you�ll rehearse for me.� Ninon smiled at Donna �To be honest, I want you to succeed, to proof to ms Brendan I trained you properly this time.�

Donna smiled back, and wondered �Would she be punished too if I failed? And rewarded if I succeed?� She Suspected the latter at least.



They finished eating and did the dishes together. When that was finished they went up to Lisa�s room. 

�First we look for a porn star Robert might fancy, according to you. We�ll then download some of her fuck and suck scenes, and you�ll mimic that with a dildo in front of me, in front of Lisa�s mirror. Ninon told Donna �It�s a pity you haven�t installed internet in the other room yet, there we have lots more mirrors.�

So the both of them browsed the internet on Lisa�s machine in search for a pornstar Robert might fancy. It was difficult for Donna to picture the right pornstar for Robert. She never really thought about what type of women he liked, never even bothered with his previous girlfriends. And now she had to �find� a pornstar to his liking.

When Donna finally decided on one, it was a pornstar who had a lot of resembling with Donna. It was a brunette with a beautiful slender body, and a beautiful, innocent face, kind of a younger version of Donna.&nbsp; 

When they downloaded some movies of her, it turned out she wasn�t as innocent as she looked. �She must be European.� Ninon smirked when they saw the hideous acts she was willing to perform in front of the camera. It was beyond the normal fucking, usually she was taken anally, and was even pissed on. �Gross.� Donna agreed. It turned out the girl was heavy into ass fucking, so they had to really look for �normal� scenes, as Donna definitely was not going to ass-fuck with Robert. She knew he was really disgusted by that act, and she wasn�t fond of it neither. She was only ass fucked by ms Brendan, her driver, and Ninon. And every time she was ass fucked it hurt, and it didn�t excite her at all. Although she scratched herself every night now with a small dildo, she saw it more as a �stick� to scratch herself inside, than some erotic act.

They did find some more timid scenes of her pornstar, and Donna first watched the scenes, and next imitated her moves.

�Remember, I taught you already how to behave when having sex basically. You�ll just focus on how she gets her men off. How she treats a dick.� 

�Well, she for sure is no angel!� Donna thought as she saw an opening scene where the poor star got double teamed by some actors with really large dicks. The girl expertly took them, massaged the dicks, and placed her body correctly for the double penetration. All the while she showed a smile, or a hungry slut look. �Look how she �milks� the dick, I think she even spasms with her ass.� Ninon pointed out. Donna watched how the girl�s lips massaged the dick, how the rocking of her body made the dicks go faster in and out her ass and pussy. �I think these men came several times while filming.� Ninon laughed. The scene ended with her face covered with sperm and her asshole leaking the same white stuff.

�Well, the ass fuck you can leave out, but do you think you can �milk� a dick with your pussy like she did?� Ninon turned to Donna.

�We�ll try,� Donna replied, she never thought about �milking� a dick, never knew it was possible. And with both Ninon and ms Brendan she was fucked with dildo�s, and they never told her to �milk� those.

�It gets a men off much faster, but it needs some practicing.� Ninon told Donna �You won�t learn it overnight, you kind of need a man to instruct you on what is the correct move, what are the correct muscles. �

�Let�s just focus more on how to masturbate with your hand while you fuck with Robert. Your friend here is an expert with that too.�

Donna picked a dildo the size of Robert�s dick, and squatted in front of Lisa�s mirror, and started to act like the pornstar. The mirror helped her getting it right. Ninon corrected her, improved her, and she kind of learned the trick of jerking off a dick, even when he was ramming her pussy. She just knew it would make Robert come faster.&nbsp; 

�The problem is you�re trained to have sex with women, and now you�ll have to fuck a man.� Ninon explained �It is so much different. Men come easy the first two three times, and then rapidly die out. Women usually go the other way around.�

�Also women are more into the overall picture, the feelings, the words, the surrounding. With men it is just the looks, and the feel of their dick.�

�The looks we�ll arrange tomorrow. Tonight you�ll learn how to be a masturbating machine for men.� Even though the comment gross, Donna was happy Ninon helped her both morally as well as physically.

Donna found it much easier to satisfy men, as she watched the porn movies. �Men indeed are so much more predictable for women!� she thought as she saw the girl get a man to ejaculate once again. 

�You�ll have to be the innocent slut, the dumb housewife, who just happened to be horny for sex.� Ninon advised Donna, as they watched the pornstar act out a �secretary� scene. �Men love that, even your hubby, trust me.�

Donna wondered about that �Robert is a real family man� she replied

�Just watch him turn into a horny bastard when you act the slut.� Ninon replied confident �Men are weak, they�ll follow there dick anywhere... You�ll have to guide that dick.� 

Donna didn�t really want to go into a discussion with Ninon, and left it like that. She believed her husband was different, but knew it would be better not to mention that. �They�ll only test him when I object.� 

Also she kind of heard a bitter tone in Ninon�s voice, so she suspected she probably had some bad experiences with men, �Maybe her husband cheated on her?�

She just went on with her training, and tried to �learn� as much as possible.

�How do men stay hard for so long.� She asked Ninon when another hot scene was played for them. Her porn star just got sprayed with cum after fucking the men with her cunt, her ass and her mouth.

�They don�t � Ninon replied �They use stand-ins to suck his dick, or the porn star herself sucks him hard again when he fails. Famous male porn stars just can get it hard often and easier, they�re not supermen.�

�You�ll have to focus on acting, being the slut, with as only goal getting your man off. Now your sluttish behavior will have two purposes, it�ll give you the possibility to do all necessary to get him hard again, suck, masturbate him, and so on. On the other hand your sluttish looks will help getting him in the mood all the time. You can dress sexy, flirt constantly with him. It�ll give you the possibility to take advantage of every opportunity.�

Donna nodded. She started to understand what she had to do. She agreed with Ninon it was the only way to get to her goal.

�And this pornstar you�ve chosen does act like the basic slut. Look at her innocent look when she sucks this guy.� The pornstar was indeed looking up with that kind of humble look, as if eager to please. Big eyes, eyebrows up, her hair brushed back. �That gets a man off instantly!�

In front of the large mirror Donna imitated the suck moves and noises of her �favorite� pornstar. Ninon corrected, improved her ever so often. It surprised Donna she picked it up so fast. Deep throating as the girl did was not for her. Although she could already swallow a dildo. But the pornstar really throated the dicks she swallowed. You could see her throat spasm around the dicks. 

�That needs some more practicing.� Ninon agreed �But for Robert I think it is enough if you swallow. That�ll surprise him, don�t you think?�

Donna nodded. It would be the first time she swallowed his member, if she did it. �I�ll have to act surprised or extremely horny if I do it.� Donna thought �Else he�ll wonder how I learned to do it.�

�It is so much easier now I can fake an orgasm.� Donna told Ninon honestly. She pulled out the dildo she used, and sat down, pleased with another successful performance. �All I have to worry about is him coming. Coming a lot.�

�I think you�ll make it Donna.� Ninon told her �Let�s do one more scene, I just downloaded this clip, and we�re done. We�ll move to my room to finish up.�

Donna watched the last movie mimicking the moves in front of the computer. Ninon corrected her performance, but only a little by now. Donna had the hang of it and her imitations of the girl�s performance were perfect. The mirror and Ninon had done their job.

�I really look like a true slut� Donna thought for a moment as she bent forward to the mirror (her �Robert�) and opened her mouth half letting out heavy breaths and moans to excite her husband. She was squatting and fucked the dildo with vigor, all the while squeezing it with her hand too, milking it. She amazed herself with her stamina, and how hot she looked. The whole night she had fucked in the most impossible positions, doing the work for two, and she still wasn�t really feeling tired.

She started to moan louder, just like in the video, and fell forward, one hand right of the mirror, her hand and forearm flat against the wooden closet door, her face close to the mirror, and she faked her orgasm, just like the porn star did. Meanwhile she vigorously pumped the dildo with her back body, her ass, her other hand just holding the dildo straight up now.

Than she heard a noise downstairs. �Julie!!!� she knew instantly �She�s home, what time is it?� she stopped her performance immediately and looked at the alarm clock next to Julie�s bed. 2 o�clock. Ninon got up too. �Let�s go to our room.� She turned off the monitor of the computer, while Donna frantically went through the room to pick up her stuff. The smell of her sex was everywhere in the room, but she had no time to fetch a spray, Lisa was already stumbling up the stairs.

�Quick!� Ninon urged her as she stood in the doorway, ready to turn off the light and close the door. A last look back, and Donna ran out of the room on her toes. Ninon ushered the naked woman into the guest room.

Just as they closed the door Lisa walked into the hallway. 

�Close!� Donna smiled, relieved they made it. Her hart was bumping in her chest. As Lisa stumbled through the hallway to her room Donna listened with her ear on the door, waiting for Lisa to go into her room and sleep. The lights in the guest room were off so she wouldn�t know they were still awake. �She sounds drunk� Donna thought �Drunk on a Thursday night! Tomorrow she has school. And I can�t go out of the room now to correct her, no matter how much I want to!� She wanted to ground Lisa for the rest of her life!!

Ninon meanwhile placed her hands on Donna�s shoulders, and slowly, gently pushed her down. Donna knew what she wanted, and was disgusted by it. �Not now?� She whispered softly, but Ninon silently pushed her further down. Donna didn�t want to object, but was appalled that Ninon wanted her to satisfy her with her daughter so close. If she heard them... Donna was on her knees before Lisa reached her room, still she didn�t want to lick Ninon. 

Boom!

Ninon had forced her head against the door with her hips. Donna heard Lisa stop in her tracks, she knew she was looking at the door of the guest room now, and she heard Ninon slowly turn the knob of the door. If the door swung open she would fall backwards, naked into the hallway, Lisa would see her! Donna had no other choice than to lick the hips, pussy pressed against her. Angry, humiliated she kissed the thighs of Ninon, and licked her way to the panties. Her hands pulled them aside and she licked the ring in the clit of Ninon. She was very silent, didn�t want to make no noise at all. The eerie silence in the house indicated Lisa was listening silently in the hallway for more noise from the guest room. As she silently licked the lips of Ninon she heard her let go of the doorknob. She had prevented Ninon from opening the door, her mind still raced with thoughts of how it would have ruined her whole life, how much trouble she would have been in.

But her second problem, Lisa, didn�t go away. As she silently licked she cursed her for waiting so long �What is she waiting for?� she thought �Go into your room, lock the door, and sleep!� 

Her hart jumped as she heard footsteps coming to the door. Lisa was approaching! Ninon whispered �Don�t you stop!� and her hand was back on the doorknob, ready to open the door. 

�She wouldn�t expose me!?� Donna thought fearfully. She felt Ninon�s other hand on her head, pushing her into her hips, her nose pressed against her soft skin just above her clit. Donna let her tongue work on Ninon�s clit, and though she left out the noises, she worked her routine, as she always did. But now Lisa was standing just a few inches away.

�Hello?� she heard Julie say. She knew she was listening with her head against the door. She heard the soft noise of her hair, ear touching it. Donna really panicked �Please don�t let her see me like this!!� she forced her head, mouth deeper into Ninon�s body, to silence her licking. Her tongue she dug deep into Ninon�s cunt, wriggling it. She wanted her to be saitsified, she wanted her to remove the hand from the doorknob, she wanted Julie to go away!

�Hello?� Julia said softly again. The atmosphere was tense. Donna stopped all movement, didn�t even dare to breath, but kept her tongue wriggling inside Ninon�s pussy, tasting her juices which started to flow freely. Even that scared her, it meant her pussy could start to make sucking noises as she was busy. Her daughter was just inches away!

Then to her relief she heard Julie back off, turn and mumble something. �She�s wasted!� Donna knew �She can�t even walk straight. How will she get up tomorrow?� But she was too relieved to really be angry at the moment. And Ninon�s body language made clear she had a job to do.

�Grab the dildo and masturbate yourself to an orgasm, a real one.� Ninon whispered to her. Donna was still pinned to the door, and the lights were still off, so her right hand searched the ground for the dildo she left there somewhere, she pushed her clothing aside, and found the dildo. As she pushed it inside her, it was still wet from her training in Julie�s room, she heard Julie enter the room. From the stumbling noises she knew her drunk daughter had left her door open. 

�Close it damn it!� Donna cursed silently. She slowly pumped the dildo into her pussy, but was afraid the noise could be heard by Julie. Julie made no attempt to sleep also, she heard her sit down at her desk, and clumsily turn on the light �What....� she heard the drunk Lisa say, and she heard the familiar click of monitor being turned on.

Donna�s mind raced, trying to remember if they turned off the computer. �Ninon turned of the monitor, but did she turn of the computer itself?� she wondered, as she recalled she herself had focused on grabbing her clothing.

As she licked Ninon and masturbated herself with the dildo she knew the computer was still on, Lisa would see everything they looked up, downloaded!

�Uuuh, yech!� she heard Lisa say, rather loud. She had seen the pages, she was seeing everything! �How will I explain?� Donna wondered. Ninon meanwhile pressed her a bit more to the door, making it crack. Donna knew Ninon wouldn�t hesitate to open the door, and let her fall backwards into the hallway. She focused on satisfying her once again, and masturbating, tears were welling up in her eyes. 

Her daughter was clicking through the material, obviously disgusted, and wondering who had been on the machine. �Who else but me and Ninon? And if she goes to my bedroom now I will be lost for ever. She will know I�m here.�

�What sick thing is going on here?� she heard Lisa mumble. The sound of the latest downloaded video was heard. Donna was humiliated, she felt lower than she ever felt before, especially as she was still made to lick the women in front of her, and as she was masturbating herself �You�re free if you and I have had our orgasm.� Ninon told her.

�Can�t she speak softly?� Donna thought �Julie will hear!�

The disgrace was something she didn�t want, having her own daughter see her like this, a sex puppet, a slave to another women, watching cheap porn on the internet, on her daughter�s private machine! 

After what were probably the longest minutes Donna ever experienced she heard the computer shut down, and Julie was talking incoherently, tired and drunk. By now Donna was happy she was drunk, if she managed to erase the porn from the computer she might not even remember it, or think it was some dream...

Julie stumbled to her bed, and Donna heard her turning of the lights, and next just silence. Nothing except the noise of her licking Ninon�s pussy, her masturbating with the dildo, and Ninon breathing. 

Ninon broke away from Donna�s grip on her thighs. She walked into the dark room, her heels making way too much noise for Donna�s liking, even though she walked over the new carpet. But Donna didn�t complain, she just continued with her masturbation efforts. The sopping noises of her pussy humiliated her, she feared Julie would hear. The door to her room was still open. In her drunken mind set she had totally forgotten to close her door. All the noise Donna would make would go straight into Lisa�s room. 

Ninon returned with a whip, and smiled cruelly down on Donna. 

�Please Ninon, please, no whipping, please Julie might hear...� 

Ninon pointed the whip to Donna�s right breast, and obedient Donna pushed it up with her free left hand. It was futile to resist she knew, Ninon would whip her until she came, just as she had done the whole week, training her to come even through the pain of the whip.

The whip can down hard on her breast, leaving an angry red stripe. Donna kept from screaming, but tears of pain rolled from her eyes. After the initial pain she focused on her masturbation again. She had to come fast, before she would scream from the pain.

Ninon pointed to the other breast, and Donna held it up. She pumped the dildo vigorously into her pussy, distracting her own thoughts from the pain that was about to come.

An eerie sound filled the room as the whip slashed through the dark room, and came down on her left breast, hitting the nipple hard.

�OW� Donna yelped, silencing herself by putting her hand on her mouth. More tears rolled over her cheek. She pumped her pussy, rolled her hips so her clit would frequently touch the damn dildo. She was learning to come faster and faster, but the pain made her temporarily loose all feeling every time.

Ninon proceeded to whip her breasts in a calm tempo, with Donna forced to uphold the breast she was to hit next. Especially when she hit the nipple Donna almost died from pain, and as her breast became sore she screamed louder and louder. 

The fear of the whip, of her daughter waking up, her masturbation efforts, it eventually made her even pee herself.

�On the new carpet!!� she cursed herself, but had no real time to do anything as the next whip came down on her breast. 

Not long after this she managed to come, and come hard. She collapsed on the carpet, ass in the air, and still pumping the dildo, though her pussy was extremely sensitive. But she was trained to keep on pumping for a while, making as much sopping noises as she could, letting her cunt juices spurt out of her pussy. And she knew it was best to do as trained to do, even though it meant hurting herself, rubbing herself with the dildo although her own body signaled it had enough. And this �pain� was much less than the whip anyway.

Ninon gave her an approving whip on her ass, making her yelp once more through her grunts. She totally forgot to be quiet, and as her mind came back, she knew that was exactly what Ninon wanted. 

�You are a bit stupid Donna.� Ninon smiled down on her in the dark �Remember this room is sound proof?�

Donna shook her head at her own stupidity, she had even tested it this morning with the foreman making loud noises in the room!

�Given that you screamed out loud when you came, and Julie still sleeps I think they�ve done a good job, especially as you was sitting so close to the door� Ninon said �Funny you can hear the noise from outside rather good.�

�Now make me cum, you little slut, and we can go to sleep.�

Humiliated, feeling stupid as she had forgotten all about the soundproof room, and still very much in pain due to the whipping, Donna pushed herself up into a kneeling position. Ninon placed herself in front of her, and pushed her lips into Donna�s face. Donna started to lick as she had done almost every night lately. This time however she for the first time felt like she deserved this treatment, deserved to be a slave. Ninon had shown her how stupid she could be, weeks of preparing a sound proof room, and the first night it is finished she forgets all about it. Tears welled up in her eyes, not from pain, or because of the degrading act she had to perform, but because of the realization the people dominating her were too smart for her. They played her however they wanted. She began to understand how hopeless her situation actually was, how little influence she herself had on her own situation, her own future.

�Don�t forget to masturbate Donna.� The stern voice of Ninon instructed.

Donna grabbed the dildo again, and pushed it into her still sensitive cunt. 

�It�s hopeless.� She thought as she felt her clit protest against the invasion �It�s fucking hopeless, they got me where they want me, they are way ahead of me.�

The dark thoughts sank down into the humiliating Donna, as she serviced Ninon. 

�And the bitch still doesn�t come easy!� Donna cursed as she licked the juices out of Ninon�s pussy.



Donna woke up the next day still feeling miserable. She got up and walked into the shower �Enema time..� she thought as she sat down on the toilet. As she emptied her bowels she picked up the enema gear and thought about last night. She still felt degraded, she still felt she was lost, with no way out. It depressed her.

As she stuck the lubricated tube into her ass she looked at herself in the mirror.

�You stupid cow.� She cursed at herself, and turned her face away from the mirror. It was still degrading to see herself like this.

She pushed herself to think �happy thoughts�, else she wouldn�t possibly make it through the day. �At least I managed to delete all the porn from Julie�s machine. A good thing she was drunk.� It had taken her a while to clean the machine, as best as she could. She even found older files, meaning she wasn�t cleaning the computer good enough. �I need to get that second phone line, but I really don�t have the money just yet. And another computer... Trixy will complain, she�s been begging for one for months now.� Donna shook her head, she foresaw problems in the family if she just bought a computer and phone line for the guest room. �I�ll have to buy one for Trixy too, and arrange a line to, else they will complain, and next I have Robert on my case...�

�But that means I will need more money, we just can�t afford two new computers, two more phone lines. Not after all those expenses on the guest room.�

Her bowels were filled and she relaxed back on the toilet bowl. 

�Robert will kill me if he sees the bills.� She shook her head �Let alone the result, he�ll be surprised at least.

�At least Ninon is going to help me achieve my goal. And she is convinced I�ll reach it. Wonder what will happen if I really please ms Brendan for once...�

The enema done Donna took a relaxing shower. As she woke up her spirit lifted too. Still she felt she had entered a dark and obscure world, but her family was still ok, and she could manage the rules placed upon her. 

�And actually I look much better!� she smiled into the mirror after her shower, turning around �I even have some ass now. The work outs are doing wonders.�

She went into the bedroom to finish up, which meant for today a night gown, or more like a teddy, and her face just done with some mascara and light red lipstick. Ninon was going to get her ready for Robert today, and she had told her she didn�t need to worry about preparing herself. She even told her to get a free day from work. �Well half day, as I work half days since the last weekend.� She smirked to herself as she touted her lips in front of the mirror. �Will I still work after this weekend?� And even though she thought it sarcastically, she felt it was indeed a real possibility �If I really screw up...�

She sighed. And she also had to arrange for her daughters to be out on Friday night, preferably till Saturday morning. It would give her a good jump start as Ninon had said.

She went out of the room to fix breakfast. Trixy wasn�t in, so she just had to take care of Julie and of course Ninon. After several loud bangs on Julie�s door the girl finally opened �I�m feeling sick, I�ll stay in bed.�

�You�ll do no such thing!� Donna said angrily �If you�re old enough to go out and get drunk, you�re old enough to go to school a bit tired. How could you get drunk on a Thursday!�

Julie didn�t say a word, but Donna�s authority worked. As she saw the really miserable Julie sit down at the breakfast table Donna felt proud; �I still can order my own girls!�

Ninon came down too and the three of them were having breakfast in silence.

�I�ll bring Julie to school, you just get ready, when I�m back I�ll help you as you asked, ok?� Ninon said, and Donna nodded. She had no choice of course, and she understood Ninon would explain to Julie to stay away tonight. �It is better she explains it, as I am still angry at her for the party last night, and it would be odd to than turn around and friendly tell her she has to stay out again tonight.�

Julie was also happy Ninon brought her, Donna could see it in her eyes. She knew she hadn�t heard the last word of her nightly escapades from her mother.

When the car drove off Donna sighed a relief�And she hasn�t complained about the porn on her computer, she probably doesn�t even remember it!�

Which actually was a good thing, but also disturbing for Donna. It meant her daughter had been drinking a lot.

While Ninon was away she phoned work and arranged her free day. She called up on Trixy, and arranged for her to stay a day longer at her friends house. Trixy balked a little, but not too much. She would be brought home Saturday morning early. Next Donna&nbsp; tidied up the house, especially the guest room, as she suspected Ninon would keep her busy all day. 

When Ninon returned she took Donna up to her bedroom.

�Julie will be out again tonight. She actually had a party planned anyway, so she didn�t mind too much, even though she still was dead tired from last night�s party. I think she�s happy she will avoid you for a while.� Ninon told her. 

�Trixy stays with her friend one more day.� Donna told Ninon.

�That leaves the night for you and Robert, great!�

�We�ll choose the clothing for each occasion, we�ll go through the options.� She explained �We start with something similar as the previous weekend, only this time with really kinky underwear, and we�ll go from there.� 

The next hour they spent, or better Ninon spent going through Donna�s clothing and deciding what to wear. It became clear to Donna she really was going to be the slut hungry for Robert�s dick. Even when they expected to have some family time Ninon found clothing which would leave no doubt as to what was supposed to be on Donna�s mind.

When they had the schedule worked out, together with the clothing she was to wear on each occasion, Ninon took her out to get her body ready. �We�ll go and give your body a real overall job.�

Ninon took her to Donna�s spa, and booked for a day treatment. Donna had noticed Ninon had spoken to the manager of the place, a young lady, who had nodded and smiled as she looked at Donna. Donna at that time was getting ready for whatever Ninon had in mind for her. The look of the manager had made her feel unpleasant �But what awful things can they do to me in this public spa?� she reassured herself.

They started with the sauna �First sweating out all that nasty sticky stuff in your skin.� Ninon remarked smiling as they went into the sauna. The employee helping them thought nothing of it, but Donna knew what she meant. But she was already used to the verbal abuse, and she didn�t care, she smiled politely, and went in the sauna. There they both relaxed and just enjoyed the heat. 

After the cold swim to clean up they were escorted to message tables where they got a full body message. �There so good here!� Ninon chatted lightly as they received their treatment, and Donna agreed. She actually always enjoyed her �forced� visits to this spa. But now with the hands of the masseuse between her legs she felt ashamed. She new she was getting wet instantly. The weeks of training and that stupid itch made sure of that. And the masseuse noticed it too. Donna turned beat red as she saw the surprised/disgusted look of the masseuse as she felt it, though she recuperated fast and politely smiled at Donna as she dried the area with a tissue. Donna just closed her eyes in utter despair, how she hated her body for this reaction.

The masseuse finished the message as if nothing happened, even making some light conversation with Donna. Donna was grateful the lady handled it so professionally, but every time she came close to her vagina, or even her inner thighs, her juices started to flow some more. There was nothing she could do about it, and on top of that both her pussy and ass started to itch, which of course became worse as she thought about it.

Finally the lady finished, and a towel was laid over her. Donna looked at Ninon who also finished, and smiled at her �Liked it so far?� she asked. Donna just nodded, the look of the masseuse could kill her with shame. 

After a few moments alone, Donna couldn�t hold it no more, and she had to scratch the itches she felt. �It�s getting worse everyday!� she thought as she scraped inside her ass with her nail, careful not to cut herself. Her other hand was scratching inside her pussy. She hoped the towels would hide her actions, but the silence of Ninon told her she saw what she was doing.

She abruptly stopped when two new ladies entered �The full body wax?� the blonde asked matter of factly, as the other brunette lady rolled in a table full with waxing material. �She� Ninon pointed to Donna.

Donna went beat red as the ladies pulled of the towel. �They must see my wet vagina, and if not now, they will when they start with me down there!� but there was no escape.

The ladies turned her over and started luckily with her legs and back. The moisture was applied and removed with tape, and they worked themselves up to her ass.

�Can you lift your behind a little so we have better access?� the brunette asked, and Donna did. The damn itch was coming back she felt, especially as she felt the moister being applied in her ass crack. The ladies also took special attention around her asshole, which made the itch over there worse. They continued with her back and next turned her around and started with her front, again first the legs an then up. When they reached her thighs Donna felt her juices flow freely. The giggles of the ladies told her they saw it too. She held her eyes closed and just let them do whatever they needed to do. She felt them dry up the area between her legs with tissues, and next her hair was removed around the area, more tissues were used 

�I�m leaking like a faucet!� Donna thought utterly embarrassed. �And I�m not even aroused! It is just a reaction to the touches, something I can�t control.�

�If you go for a wax treatment it is best not to shave yourself� The brunette lady told her �It makes the waxing less useful. We can�t really reach hair that is shaven so short.�

�I...I didn�t knew I was going for a wax job.� Donna excused herself. She didn�t look up at the ladies, still feeling her juices flow and feeling they did have a problem with it.

�You are a bit... over reacting to our treatment.� The brunette girl remarked.

�Yes... I�m sorry, it�s not that..� Donna replied �..I just can�t help it.�

She sighed ashamed.

The girls didn�t reply, but kept on struggling with her juices. When the finished with her erogenous the went up her belly, her breasts and her neck. At last they waxed her arms. After their struggle with her juices the rest went easy, and Donna by nature didn�t had too much hair. Though the waxing did find hair everywhere Donna had felt.

When they finally finished they left them alone again. Donna sighed and hoped it was over.

�Skin treatment?� an older lady asked, and Ninon pointed towards Donna again. The lady walked up to Donna.

�So you just had a sauna, and a wax job?� she asked as she placed her cart next to the massage table.

�Yes.� Donna replied

�Okay, I�ll just go through your whole body and clean your skin thoroughly. It�ll take some time, but it is worth it. You�d be surprised how much dirt we can still get out of the skin, even though it looks so clean.�

With that said the lady went through her whole body �cleaning� the dirty areas as she called them. She complimented Donna on her fair skin, but went silent when she started to work around Donna�s more private areas. It was obvious the lady was disgusted by the leaking juices of Donna. It was so embarrassing Donna started to cry a little. Her damn body just couldn�t stop leaking! And on top of that the lady took special attention to her ass and pussy, she felt a needle prick time and time again, and it made the itch worse, which caused her pussy to leak more and more, almost spraying out her juices!

She heard the lady curse as she had to dry up the area time and time again. 

She finally went up and scanned her upper body, and ended with working on her face.

The lady finished with oiling her whole body with perfumed oil.

�Make sure you apply it also to the more private areas.� Ninon instructed the lady. Donna was embarrassed, as she knew this lady actually tried to avoid that area. Now the lady did as told and rubbed some extra ointment into her thighs, hips, ass and vagina.



�That was so embarrassing!� Donna sighed as they were alone once more.

�Why?� Ninon asked

�I�m leaking, I�m itching in my pussy, in my ass...� she felt no need to keep it a secret from Ninon anymore, and it gave her permission to scratch in front of her.

�Can�t help you with that.� Ninon said as she saw Donna vigorously scratching between her legs and ass cheeks �But don�t you feel really cleaned and relaxed?�

Donna had to agree her body nicely tingled, but the itching was her main concern now. It kept her from really enjoying the treatments.

�I�ll have to see the doctor about this Ninon.� She said �I must have some irritation, probably due to my training.� She hoped this remark would bring Ninon to stop her training next week, or at least make it less intense, maybe even not using any dildo�s.

�You do that.� Was all Ninon said however, making Donna wonder if it had helped her.



It was lunch time when they left the massage room, and that time was enough for the oil to really sink into the body. Donna smelled herself, it was a bit too much for her, but nothing to really complain about. 

They lunched in the lunch room at the pool. The hall was designed like a tropical forest, and the roof was totally from glass. Ninon and Donna chatted about nothing in particular, or better, everything but the reason they were there. 

That all changed when they went for the afternoon schedule. Ninon explained the employee exactly how she should do the manicure and pedicure of Donna, with great emphasize on the nails.

When the lady was finished Donna had french manicure on both her hand and feet, though her finger nails were longer than she used to have them, extending half an inch from her fingers. Too long for Donna�s liking, she wouldn�t be able to work normally with her computer at work with those nails, she knew.

�Longer nails send the correct message, always.� Ninon explained. Donna knew it was, as usual, useless to complain. She was actually happy with the french manicure, it was a very neutral style. She had feared Ninon would go for long red nails or something whorish like that.

�Can you add some diamond stud to the end of the baby finger nail? It would make it less boring.� 

�It would indeed make it different, but it is very trendy. You�re okay&nbsp; with that?� The lady asked Donna.

Donna nodded in approval. She knew the lady didn�t find the nail piercing a good idea, not fitting for her, probably because of her age. But what could she do? She wasn�t in the position to object.

�The French manicure will fit with all the outfits we selected.� Ninon explained to Donna �So you don�t need to change color this weekend. With the make up it will be different.�

The stud was placed and Donna looked at her new hands. The long nails, and the studs glittering in the light, she didn�t knew what to think of it, and wondered what Robert would think of it. �He would hate the studs for sure.� She knew.

In came the make up team. The ladies first discussed with Donna and Ninon how she had to look. As the conversation went on they understood it was Ninon who would decide on the make up, so they just ignored Donna as they went over the options.

�She has big eyes, so that makes it easy, we�ll just accentuate them, make them stand out a little, and she has already a cute sharp nose, so we don�t need to �correct� it. Her facial texture is no problem, a normal mascara layer should do.�

 �And the hair, we�ll do anything with that?�

�Yes, please make it a bit curly and full, I want a �wild� look, but not too much.�

Donna found it amazing how she found them discussing her appearance without asking her approval, and most of all, without she herself objecting to it. She knew it would cause problems if she did object, of course, yet the very fact that she didn�t do anything to stop them, that she just submitted to Ninon�s wishes, showed her she was indeed brought down. �I�m slowly turning into their plaything, and I�m unable to stop it.�

The ladies went to work on her face and hair. All the time they worked on her they asked Ninon for her opinion, and didn�t even allow Donna to watch her own appearance. After a hour they finished with the hair and make up.

�And?� they asked Ninon. Ninon looked from various angles and finally nodded her agreement �It�s great. It is just the way I want it, a bit heavy, but not too much.�

She went silent and looked again, as if she missed something.

�We need to add some additional piercings in her ear.�

Donna�s eyes widened in shock. Her begging eyes met Ninon�s. That short look made it clear to Donna she shouldn�t even think about objecting, and Donna didn�t. Yet her mind raced already thinking of the problems these piercings would cause.

�Robert will ask, object, and my children will see it as a free card for additional piercings on them.� 

As she worried about the consequences, the ladies together with Ninon discussed what additional piercings she would get.

Donna felt sharp pains in her ear, and counted them, each earlob received two more piercings, one in front of her existing single piercing, and one behind it.

�You have some jewelry in the shop, right?� Ninon asked, and she left, leaving the make up ladies to finish Donna.

�You look marvelous madam.� One of the girl assured Donna.

But Donna herself doubted if she would like her new face, and she still worried about the piercings.

Ninon returned and Donna felt rings being attached to her ear, indeed three per ear.

�That�s the finishing touch, that�s what was missing indeed.� Ninon told the ladies, and they agreed. �Together with the hair and make up it really works for her.�

As they looked at her, Donna smiled shyly. She still hadn�t seen herself, and she was uncertain how she looked. Her worries, fears made her somehow too afraid to even ask for a mirror.

�Show her.� Ninon finally said.

A mirror was held in front of Donna and she finally saw herself. Her face was powdered with mascara, but they used her own sun tanned skin tone, so it didn�t show that easy, her cheek bones were made a bit darker, using a redish/brown color, but only slightly. They kept her light brown skin color she got from her forced sunbaths.

Her lips had dark brown shiny lipstick on it, and they had painted it a bit beyond her lips, together with the applied slightly darker lining around the lipstick it made her lips look larger. Her nose was made to look a bit pointier, they applied some lighter mascara on top of it, and darker tones on the sides. And her eyes... Donna really was amazed how big they had made them look. A thin dark line around the eyes, together with wider dark brown eye shadow, made the white of her eyes stand out. Above her eyes they applied shiny various shades brown eye shadow getting lighter as it went up to her eyebrows. And her eyebrows where trimmed into a thin line, but in such a way it made a �wave�: low on the inside of her eye, and curving up to end, high on the outside. This also made her eyes look bigger to the eye. They extended her eyebrows a little with a dark line, completing the wave from. 

She had natural long eyelashes, and luckily they didn�t do anything to them, except for coloring them black, which she usually did also. 

This made up face, with the big lips, pointy nose, and the big eyes was surrounded by her hair. They hadn�t changed the color, just washed it, and had added some wild curls, especially in the front. When she shook her head a little it all dangled around her face, and some curls fell in front of her face.

�Cool!� Ninon smiled as she did that. 

Donna inspected her face some more, and focused on her ears. Luckily they were mostly hidden from view by her curly hair, showing only a pair of large hoops. That alone however was already different for Donna. She never wore hoops that size, the diameter was around two or two and a half inches, they almost touched her shoulder. She pulled her hair a bit back to free one ear and inspect the new piercings. She saw a small stud in the first hole, next came the large earring in her old hole, and at last a small ring in the latter, just large enough to go around the earlobe. The rings, apart from the large hoop weren�t really a problem to Donna, but having them all three together was... �Kinky� Donna thought �It makes me look kinky.�

�She is a quiet one, isn�t she?� one of the make up girls told Ninon.

Donna ignored their remarks. Her mind was racing on how she could ever explain this new look. She looked at the total picture again. All the minor changes together made her look really different. From a distance she would look ok, but close up... she would be a slut. Robert would freak out. Her daughters.... she just hoped they wouldn�t copy her. And again it was racing through her mind �How can I ever explain this look?�

It dawned on her one way was to follow Nino�s advice and be the slut. Act horny for Robert, and tell him, her family, that is why she was made up this way. Or tell them she had let Ninon decide, or better, �friends�, decide her new look for once. That would be a short term solution, but it would give her a chance to keep her own image. �However the �old� Donna won�t be able to fuck Robert 25 times....� Donna�s mind went on and on like this.

�You ladies can go now.� Ninon told the make up team, and they left. Ninon turned to Donna.

�You look absolutely lovely! Never been made up like this isn�t it?� Ninon played with her hair. �Ms Brendan has excellent taste.�

Donna knew she deliberately mentioned ms Brendan. She wanted Donna to know she was in control, and Donna had to follow.

�The mascara, the make up as a whole makes you look much younger.� Ninon went on �The wrinkles around your eyes, in your face are hidden, your cheeks look tight... Please stand up...�

Donna lifted herself up from the chair the table, let her blanket fall, and stood naked in front of Ninon

�Ok, so you can see your age by the breasts, and the fat on your thighs, ass. It shows you�ve had children, it is just impossible to get rid of that in a natural way. We�ll do that with the clothing. But the face is great. It�ll fit nicely with your clothing. And it is neutral, you�ll be able to switch clothing without really bothering about applying all new make up, that is, until you shower.�

She looked Donna over again, obviously pleased �Robert will get a hard on instantly.�

Donna doubted that, but wisely shut up. 

We�re done, we get dressed and go to your home, were we dress you up for Robert, and then you�re on your own.�

The last humiliation was the bill. Donna paid with her credit card, and she now had another problem to worry about, how to explain this bill to Robert. It was another expense on top of all the others she couldn�t really explain. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

When they reached home they went immediately upstairs to dress. The clothes lay ready so all Donna had to do was undress and dress up again. She looked at herself in the long mirror against her closet when she was fully naked, except for her heels. It was another thing she noticed, before she would first kick off her shoes, and then undress. Now, after all those days of training, she automatically first took off her clothes, and at last would take off her shoes, usually switching immediately into another pair, her �home� heels. When she thought about it she noticed all her new clothing, well almost all, was such that she could dress up wearing her shoes still. �They really are good at it.� Donna thought as she stood before the mirror �They have me change my behavior without me really noticing it. Without me even understanding why I learn certain behavior!� But now she at least understood her undressing rules. �Ms Brendan likes her girlfriend in high heels all the time, and I am really behaving like that now.� 

Donna looked at herself in the mirror, and stopped thinking about the dress code. She admired herself. �I am above forty, two kids, and still can look this stunning. She turned around to admire her toned body. She smelled herself, the perfumed oil still working. Her body skin was looking good, her body was firm. She grabbed her breasts and lifted them a little �This is how they used to be.� She thought �I would be a killer if they still were like this.� It was however not something she really wished for, she was happy with her age, and her family. The sagging, somewhat flat breasts were a small price to pay.

�Stop admiring yourself, and get dressed, it�s Friday, so the traffic to the airport is going to be awful.� Ninon told the dreaming Donna.

Donna gave herself a last glance, looking herself in the eye. A face she hadn�t seen in years looked back from the mirror �You better get ready slut, 25 fucks with that man of yours� she told the mirror silently, and smiled dirty.

She switched quickly from shoes, wearing high heeled black shoes, and got into a small black skirt, reaching halfway her thighs, a large belt was around her waist.

�Here� Ninon gave her a red lace panty, which Donna pulled up quickly. She noticed once again she hadn�t even missed wearing a panty. �I have to be careful, I am getting too adjusted to being naked.� She reprimanded herself.

She strapped on a red push up bra. She looked a bit worried as it left her nipples bare, but she quickly covered it with the red blouse given by Ninon. At last she applied eau de cologne. 

�Hair perfect, make up perfect...� Ninon looked her over as she made Donna stand alongside her bed. Automatically Donna took on a pose, one leg straight, the other one in front of it, on its toes. A smile on her face, and her eyes wide open.

�You�re ready!!�

They went downstairs and Donna was given her new short winter jacket, and ushered out of the house into her car.

�I�ll clean up the house a bit, and prepare diner as planned, you just do your job, and fuck him a few times before reaching home, okay?� Ninon told her as Donna went outside.

As Donna went into the car she was kind of glad Ninon helped her out with this �assignment�. It made it easier for her to focus on the task at hand, fucking Robert 25 times. �I�m sure she benefits if I reach my goal, probably she gets some sort of bonus� she thought as she drove backwards onto the road, onto her husband.















Robert�s made happy

&nbsp; . 

Donna waited anxiously in the arrival hall for her husband. �I am going to be the biggest slut for Robert, and he�d better act accordingly!� she reminded, convinced herself over and over again as she shivered in the chilly hall. The short skirt was too cold for the just slightly warmed hall. However, she did look hot in it. She stood tall in her black high heels, and shifted seductively from one leg to the other. Underneath her half open jacket her tight red blouse and half cut push up bra showed off her newly trained upper body, and the cold did its work on her nipples. With her make up and her new curly hair she hoped Robert would get a hard on instantly. �Despite the fact that he�ll complain...No, Robert will have to give in. I�ll give him no time to complain!� she corrected herself. �I am going to be the biggest slut for Robert, and he�d better act accordingly!�

The people walking in the hall all eyed her as they passed her. She automatically smiled seductively if it was a man. She used her new flirting skills to keep herself in the right type of mood as she waited for her husband. It was kind of fun to flirt in such a way the men wouldn�t approach her, but would feel free to look her over. It made her the most popular attraction in the hall, and for Donna it convinced her she looked hot. Hot enough for her Robert.

When Robert finally entered the hall Donna saw his mixed look of dislike, surprise, as he saw her, but she had expected that. That was no different than last time. She walked up to him elegantly walking on her high heels, swinging her hips, and with a seductive smile. She appeared confident, her figure upright, her head straight up.

Before Robert could say anything she gave him a wet, a very wet kiss. 

�Welcome home, husband!� she said into his ear. Robert was perplexed by her action. He stood frozen just looking her in the eye with a dumb fold expression in his eyes, still holding his bags. She kissed him again, and her tongue played around in his mouth. 

�Come, let�s go to the car, no time to waste.� And she pulled him to the exit, hugging him tightly. As they walked out of the hall she saw all the jealous eyes of the men, which boosted her confidence. 

As they walked out of the hall to the parking lots she talked constantly, telling Robert how much she missed him, and how she had to tell him of all that had happened to her. With the way she leaned on to him, stroked him, they looked like the typical �man with call girl� pair. Robert wearing his neat business suite, somewhat shabby due to the long plain ride, and Donna with her slutty outfit, looking way too sexy for the normal �wife picking up her husband�. In addition Robert was stiff and stubborn, whereas Donna was coming on to him a bit too much, just like a call girl would to please her inexperienced, reluctant client. 

For Donna it was necessary to act like that, she couldn�t give the tired and still dumb folded Robert a change to say anything about her appearance. So she blabbered to him constantly, complimenting him on his looks, on how proud she was he was working abroad, being so successful, and she felt him up. First with small touches, but as they reached the car she was openly stroking him through his pants, and he was hard. Donna was happy all went so well when she noticed his erection. He hadn�t had time to complain, and was now reacting physically making complaints from his side powerless for now. The first objective was achieved!

In the car she made sure Robert was in the driver�s seat. As he sat down, tired, she attacked him. First she called the number ms Brendan instructed her. She had programmed it so it was just a matter of one button. Next she quickly pulled down the back of his seat, kissed him to keep him quiet, and her hands opened up his trousers, freeing his penis, and she started massaging it immediately.

�I�ve been missing you.� She said as she stopped kissing him and looked him in the eye to convince him. Next she moved her head down to his lap. She noticed his penis was reacting immediately, feeling it pulsate a few times. 

She looked to the side to make sure the phone had made a connection and was recording. It was blinking correctly, and satisfied she focused on blowing her husband, looking him straight into the eye. Her lips went around his stiff shaft. She saw he was eying her with lust. She knew he loved it, even though he probably wouldn�t admit it. She went up and down his penis, and let her tongue twirl around the shaft, caressing the nerves, veins, as she went up and down. She made sure he got a visual of her working tongue too.

Practicing with a dildo in the past weeks sure had helped. She had hated giving blow jobs, and avoided it as much as possible. But now she knew she had to give him a few this weekend to get her quota of 25, and she decided to try out her new skills. She actually had been really inexperienced, but now knew what to do. In addition the last hints yesterday had made her know what a man liked from a visual point of view. At least according to Ninon. 

The taste of his penis however, especially unwashed and smelly after such a long time in his trousers, was something she still didn�t like. That and the taste of the sperm itself. She always wondered what some women liked about the taste. The act she could kind of understand, but swallowing sperm for instance was something she never did. 

As she was just wondering what she would do with the sperm, Robert came, surprising her. It was so fast she really couldn�t react, the time between his pre cum and his actual ejaculation was just a few seconds. The sperm shot into her mouth as was just going down with her head, filling her mouth, hitting the back of her throat. Normally she would run to the bathroom and spit it out, but the cum was so deep now she automatically started to swallow, had to swallow. And once she did, she knew she had to swallow it all, else she would ruin her own performance. 

As his spurts died out she did her best to keep her smile as she swallowed the last bits.&nbsp; �Just like the pornstar of yesterday� she thought �Well, not really, that whore let it drool around her face, I just have to swallow, and keep smiling. Just act as if it is normal.� She gave herself a few seconds to recuperate from the foul taste, and next went on with her show. She licked his dick clean as she smiled at him. �That was fast!� she said as her hand grabbed for the cell and closed the connection. 

�What has gotten into you?� Robert said confused. However he was still enjoying her tongue on his dick �Every time I return you changed a bit more!�

�I�m just happy my husband, and mister Dick here, are back.� She said, playing the wanton slut. She now licked his dick like a lollipop, keeping eye contact, and making him stiff again. �Don�t tell me you don�t like it, Robert, cause I know when you�re lying!�

As it went so well she was hoping to have sex with him one more time before leaving the garage. She hadn�t parked in the darkest part for nothing!

Robert was just grunting as she played with her tongue around the head of his dick. She felt him getting hard again. �That�s a first!� she thought �He has never recuperated so fast!� She played with herself to get her pussy ready for action. She secretly spit on her fingers and wet her lips. Luckily her pussy was almost all the time wet due to the constant itch, so she had her pussy ready in no time. When Robert was stiff again she dialed the number again, and pulled off her panties, making sure Robert saw the red lace fabric.

�Not right here in the parking lot!� Robert complained. His eyes however gave a different message, especially as they eyed her panty which she threw casually on the seat next to them. 

�Shhh, it�s time to satisfy your wife. Just let me do the work, sweet Robert...� Donna let her wet pussy down on his dick, as she sat on her husband. 

�Fuck, you are wet!� Robert said excited, bewildered. Feeling her warm wet lips engulf his erected penis.

�Only for you Robert.� She whispered back, as she started to hump up and down softly. She thrusted her breasts forward, making the nipples poke through the stretched blouse. Waving them in front of Robert�s face, smiling as she saw how he was totally taken by the hot view. 

She started to make the sounds she knew ms Brendan would love to hear. She figured she had to do it anyway, and it would turn Robert on too. As she humped faster she made more and more noise, as taught, but also to have Robert come faster, feeling he wasn�t reacting fast enough. She was cautious they couldn�t fuck in the car too long, for a guard might pass by, or whoever, and call the cops on them. �Next time I must first fuck with him, than give him a blowjob� she remembered �But then, I didn�t expect all to go so well.� She smiled at Robert, happy, very happy he was back, and that she would definitely reach her quota, she was sure of it. She kissed him passionately, holding his head with both her hands, and letting her tongue fight with his.

After fucking with Robert for no more than 10 minutes he came again, grunting even louder than the first time. A sign he loved it, she knew. Donna had done her best in making noise, hopping her pussy on his dick, twirling her hips, and showing off her breasts. It definitely had Robert totally hypnotized, and she was sure it had made him cum so much faster.

�Donna, oooooh, this was nice!!� he said as she pulled herself off of him. �Ooooh, fuck!� He had his eyes closed and enjoyed his orgasm. �Ooooh, that was good....ooooooh baby..�

�Thank you.� She smiled back. She saw Robert smiling, being totally happy and exhausted. She closed the cell �That�s two already!� she thought as she looked at her husband still stretched in his seat. �No, he hasn�t a clue it�s being taped. Luckily� It was one of her worries he would notice the cell on during one of her session. She could give a lame excuse the first time, but if he noticed the cell again, she would be in big trouble. 

�How easy it is to get him to accept the new me!� she wondered also as she grabbed some tissue and cleaned herself �How easy it is for me to play the wanton slut. Weeks of flirting with men did teach me how to act...�

�Ninon was right, if I just fuck him like crazy he will not object. At least it is a way of avoiding complaints from Robert for the time being...�&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Robert from his side was confused too. They never had had sex like this. Donna never acted like this, but he didn�t even had time to complain. And she made him come twice already! And she was so willing and acting sexy for him, he didn�t find it correct if he would complain about her looks. She would surely be hurt after all the effort she did to please him. And he was pleased! �I�ll ask her later to wear less revealing clothing. And maybe it is just for me, just for picking me up? Probably that new friend of hers gave her this idea, just like last time. I�ll explain her later I like the effort, but that I rather had she came on to me in decent clothing. But anyway I�m too happy and tired to start a quarrel now.� Robert gave Donna a big smile, zipped up his pants, and started the engine. �Time to go home.� He said.

On the drive home Donna talked, flirted with Robert constantly. She was still afraid he would use any silence to start complaining about her looks. She knew he was thinking about it. She saw it in his eyes when he looked at her. However as time passed by she noticed he wouldn�t complain, and she dared a bit more. 

�Did you like me treating you in the parking lot dear?� she asked him as she rubbed his thigh with her left hand, and fondled with the blouse, shoving the material over her nipples making them hard again. Robert�s smile gave her confidence, and she moved her hand up, and next started to unbuckle his pants again.

�Donna!?� Robert said excited, faking reluctance. 

�Shhh.� Donna shushed him, knowing she had him. As his stiff member was freed, she activated the cell again, and her head went down. Her warm lips went around his dick, and she sucked him off once more. 

Robert didn�t knew where to look! He was afraid the other drivers would see him, but also loved the warm mouth bobbing up and down his cock. She even used her tongue to lick his balls! She never had been this horny. He never knew she could suck like this. Actually he never had been sucked like this. The sucking noise filling the car was music to his ears. He had problems focusing on driving... he ogled his wife in pure lust, seeing her ass up in the air, her sitting on her knees on her seat, her curls above his thighs, hiding her actions. Her hands even massaged his balls softly. �Donna you�re good!� he shouted. He just had to compliment her, �Don�t stop! Please!� 

Donna had no intension of stopping. She was proud her husband was approving of her actions. Given his normal prudent nature this was one big achievement. She had her husband totally going nuts thanks to her actions. 

He didn�t last long. She felt the pre-cum, his dick stiffing, and another load entered her mouth. Be it it was definitely less than before. She swallowed the bitter stuff, making sure he didn�t see her disgusted face, and next released his dick from her mouth. She licked his shaft clean, which caused a reaction again, and placed the semi hard dick back into his pants. She lifted herself and smiled to her husband, looking him in the eye with a sexy look. �Just in case you were wondering if I missed you, now you know.� She said naughty. 

The rest of the drive she felt less inclined to keep up a conversation with him. Instead she smiled, and acted happy, as if nothing special had happened. She shifted the conversation to what had happened at home, what the girls were doing lately, her work. In between she explained to him her daughters were off for tonight, so they had the night alone. And she told him she had a few surprises for him at home.&nbsp; 

Robert from his side didn�t even think about complaining about the way she looked and acted anymore. Instead he just spoke out his amazement, positively, and enjoyed it, especially the blow job on the freeway, despite his fear someone could have seen them. As for the girls not being there tonight, and his wife suggesting it was for more of the same treatment, he didn�t mind. No, he didn�t mind at all.



When they entered the house Donna lit the candle lights on the diner table, left by Ninon, and directed Robert to sit at the table. She opened the bottle of wine ready on the table, and pored him a glass. �I�ll slip into something more comfortable.� She said seductively, and she walked upstairs, making sure Robert saw her ass sway in the tight skirt, and the panty in her hand. 

Robert sat back and thought of how lucky he was, while he sipped his wine. Work was going well, his wife was treating him like a king, he was ready for a hot night with her. And did she look hot! When she had hung her coat in the closet he saw for the first time how she was dressed, and better, he saw how good her body looked. As she walked away he once again just enjoyed the view of those long legs, her nice cute ass, and the breasts, nipples. They just poked through the fabric he saw as she turned slightly to look at him. He was happy, tired, but happy. �And she didn�t even bother to put her panty back on in the car!�



�Wow!!!� Robert said and he choked on the wine. Donna had returned dressed in some very, very hot lingerie. �Donna, .... I�m speechless, what ...?�

�You like it?� Donna said as she turned around in front of him. She wore very high white heels, white stockings, with straps and a garter belt. Her panty was extremely small, and see through, revealing her waxed pussy in a very erotic way. Her belly piercing with its short chain glimmered in the candle light. She wore a white push up bra, and just as with the black bra she wore, this one also left her nipples free for all to see. A thin see through vest covered her breast partly, as she had left it open. It seductively bounced around her upper body, caressing her breasts and especially her nipples as she moved. 

Her sun tanned skin matched beautiful with the white lace clothing. And her curly hair was loose and dancing on her shoulders. Her lips with the shiny brown lipstick, her eye lashes and eye browse dark black, the shiny eye shadow, and her facial rouge completed her hot look. She was dressed as some hot porn star according to Robert. 

�You... you�re beautiful!� Robert just proclaimed, his mouth half open, and his eyes big as melons. He took in the marvelous view. His wife on high �fuck me� heels, her long legs, the stockings, the panty... He got a hard on again from just watching her! And on top of that she behaved so hot! The �innocent girl� turn she did as she watched him, just to turn him on, the way she looked at him with her big eyes...

Donna smiled seductively as she walked past her turned on husband into the kitchen and fetched the starters Ninon had prepared, in the same time starting to heat up the main course. She felt so good, so happy. Robert hadn�t looked at her like this since they first dated! She had managed to get him all prepped up for sex with so much ease. With just her own body! She was still a hotty, at least to him. And on top of that no complaints! It worked so good; as long as she distracted him with her body, with her act, with sex, he never would get to complaining. And after all the sex his complaining would be kind of late, out of place, she knew.

She walked into the diner room and placed the bowls with salad on the table. Robert grabbed her ass, thighs with both his hands. His horny gesture surprised Donna, he never was this forward. It was then Donna remembered to fetch the phone. She turned around and playfully freed herself from Robert grip, smiling at him, giving him a wet kiss. Once free she quickly walked outside to fetch the phone from the car.

�She goes out like this, almost naked!� Robert wondered, his dick as hard as it could be �She has never been like this!� He was excited like never before. His wife was really eager to have sex with him, and he liked the way she showed it! What man wouldn�t love it when his wife almost begs him for sex like this?

When Donna returned the cold outside had done its work on her nipples and they poked firmly through her flimsy night vest, arousing Robert even more.

�Fancy a pre-diner fuck?� she smiled as she saw her man ready to jump her.

�By all means yes!� Robert said hoarsely as he tried to stand up.

�You sit my dear �Donna said as she pushed him back gently. She sat on the table in front of him, and placed the cell behind her, as it dialed the number again.

As she undid her knickers she rubbed her pussy with her hand to get it wet enough. 

�She even spit on her hand to wet her cunt!� Robert noticed as he took in the view he was getting. Never ever had his wife masturbated in front of him. He actually couldn�t recall her ever masturbating! And now she matter of factly spit on her fingers and rubbed her clit, lips right in front of him, as if it was the most normal act in the world.

Donna of course had done it automatically, all the training had her do this, although it was usually to prepare her pussy for a large dildo. This time however, it was for a real dick; she loved it! She didn�t gave it a second thought she never had masturbated with Robert present, she needed her pussy wet, and she had learned how to do that fast.

As the knickers fell to the floor she placed her feet on the chair of Robert, alongside his legs, thighs, bent over and kissed him passionately. He grunted from pure joy. Her hands went to unzip his pants, and as he struggled to get them off, including his underpants, she stroked his erect dick. As her wet hands greased his dick she slowly lifted herself and lowered her pussy on his dick. She humped him slowly as they kept on kissing, tonging.

�She must have worked out!� Robert thought �To go up and down like this, and it is so not like her. This is all so not like her! But damn do I love it.�

She picked up pace and stopped kissing him. She now worked his dick with her hands as she was taught to. �This is so much easier, and better than with the dildo�s!� Donna thought as she grunted �Oh yeah� repeatedly, she accompanied it with high short shrieks, as if she lost control due to ecstasy.

�The �training� of&nbsp; the last weeks really got to me!� Donna noticed �I am doing all this easily. I�m now one hell of a fuck machine for Robert!� She didn�t mind however �He loves it, that�s what matters for now.� And she continued her act.

Robert didn�t last too long. His wife in the hot clothing, her wet sopping pussy, the sounds it made, the sounds of his wife, her erect nipples... 

�Ooooh, here I come again, ooooh baby, ooh you�re good!� and he shot his load into her for a fourth time. 

�Oooh yeaah, I feel it.....Just in time baby!� Donna replied. She faked her orgasm, knowing Robert wouldn�t notice she was not even really near an orgasm. Though she was hot, she was thinking a bit too much about her training, and how she used it on her husband. It confused her somehow, making it difficult to get really into it.

She got off Robert and went to the toilet to grab some tissues. She cleaned her wet pussy quickly and returned with a box so Robert could clean himself too.

He had a happy smile on his face, his pants still down, and his dick limp between his legs. Sperm drooling on his thigh.

�What has gotten into you?� he smiled up to her, wearily.

�Honey, I�m just happy to see you, it�s been too long.� She gave him the box with tissues.

�Looks like it, I should have stayed away more often!�

Donna smiled seductively �Eat your salad, dear.� She felt amazingly in control.

They ate, mainly in silence. But Donna made sure she kept him focused on her, on her body, by eying him seductively, showing him glances of her tits. She felt so confident, in power, as she saw Robert hungry eyes ogling her. She even felt confident enough to play with herself. At first she just innocently touched her breasts, as if her vest was bothering her, but soon she found the courage to openly rub a nipple, play with it. She made sure to look at Robert when it was fully erect. When they finished the meal one hand of her was between her legs, rubbing her pussy, as she turned her hips, while she ate, pretending it was a normal thing to do. She saw Robert�s eyes almost fall out as she lifted the hand above the table, grabbed some vegetable from her plate with it�s wet fingers, and placed it in her mouth, of course licking her fingers afterwards. 

Leaving Robert eying her with lust, she got up to fetch the main course. Donna was happy Ninon had prepared a meal. Ninon had organized the first evening with her knowing it would decide the course of the rest of the weekend. �And it�s going according to her plan!� she thought as she entered the room with the hot meal.

As they ate Donna kept on flirting with him, but now she added speech. She started with asking him if he found her beautiful, if he liked her, etc etc, and as this chit chat went on she gradually asked him more specific things, if he liked her breasts, her nipples. Next she, just as she had learned when she was flirting with the men in the bar, started to ask him how she compared to other women. Kind of fishing for compliments. She kept on asking what women he worked with, how the women were in the countries he visited, and asking him if what her advantage was above those women.

Robert from his side was totally taken by the new Donna. He loved the sex, her sex drive. He loved her sexy look. He couldn�t keep his eyes of her body. She was working out she had told him, but it was not only that. She moved differently, she obviously dressed differently, she talked more freely about sex, she actually only talked about sex! And even her face had changed, not only her hair, but her make up, her texture was different. He had noticed she had really outdone herself. And all just for him!

As the main course reached its end Donna stood up and walked over to Robert.

�I�m going to get you ready for the dessert.� She said and she crawled under the table.

�Donna!?� Robert said excited, surprised. His wife was actually crawling under the table towards him! He saw her head appear with the ever present sexy smile, and her hands stroke his already stiff dick �You are going to kill me!�

�As long as you die with a smile on your face� she said back. Donna made sure the cell was connected as she started to suck on Robert�s dick. �Hmmm, I missed your cock, Robert!�

Robert was in heaven. He let his wife work on his dick, as he tried to finish his meal. He had to look at her, and he noticed she was looking back at him. Normally she would suck him off without looking at him, but now... It was as if she wanted him to look her in the eye, to see her purely as a sex object. He loved it, though he still wasn�t sure how to act on it, expecting the old Donna to return any time.

Donna for her part had to overcome her inhibition for sucking dick. Especially as Robert�s was not really clean. She had to suck off the left over cum, and the taste was horrible after the nice meal. She forced herself to keep on sucking and soon the taste, as expected, was gone. All the time she kept her eye contact with Robert as much as possible, and smiled. 

When he was really hard again Donna stood up and she pushed the chair with Robert away from the table. She turned and bent over the table, pushing up her ass. She turned and smiled at Robert. �Do me baby...� she whispered as exposed her wet lips. Her free hand next parted her cunt lips.

Robert didn�t need to be told twice. His hormones were loose! He stood up and shoved his dick into her waiting lips. He felt her juices, he felt her warmth. He grabbed her ass cheeks and started to pound hard into his wife. �Yeah baby, do me good!� Donna encouraged him. Robert�s primal lust took over, he just used all his force to bang her from behind. �Oh yeah, Donna, I�m gonna blast away in your hot cunt!� he shouted

�Yeah take me as the slut I am!� Donna grunted back. It was out of her mouth before she knew it! She didn�t want to say that to Robert!

Robert however didn�t mind at all, he had changed into an animal. �Yeah slut, take this cock and enjoy it, here, here, here!� he shouted back. He started to hit her ass with his hand, hit her hard.

�Yeah baby take me, take me!� Donna replied, faking arousal, while she actually was totally out of it due to her own words. �I called myself slut! He didn�t mind!� It dawned on her the forced changes could influence her normal life too, and more than she wanted them to. On top of that she never had seen Robert like this, so primitive. His bouncing into her, his slapping was hard and painful, he used her as a cheap slut. Yes, she acted as one, but that he would really react on it, belief her... She had expected him to play along, but now she had an animal created which was roughly banging her with no merci!

�I�m going to come!� Robert warned, oblivious of Donna�s emotional conflict.

�Yeah baby, come for me, please!� she replied automatically �Again my training taking over...� Donna understood �What if he wants only this kind of sex from now on? No more true emotional binding, just humping away, with me acting like a slut...�

However from the outside she faked an upcoming orgasm, which made sure Robert didn�t loose his focus. She pushed her ass up and down faster, in sync with Robert�s increase. She shouted �Yeah!� every time he hit her on her ass. She had to grab the sides of the table with her hands to keep steady. She even felt pain as the side of the table was roughly cutting into her upper thighs when Robert shoved it extra hard.

Robert grabbed her tightly and started to bounce into her as fast as he could, shoving it into her harder and deeper. Donna knowing he was reaching his peak pulled her head upwards, and started to grunt loudly �Oh..Ooh..Oh..Oh� faster and faster. In the mean time trying to adjust her legs in such a way her thighs were spared from the table�s edge. She didn�t even bother anymore about the grabbing and smacking of her ass cheeks, though she knew her ass was probably beat red by now. 

As Robert came he collapsed on top of her. �I came, I came!� he told her in her ear, as he roughly pulled her head back even more, and&nbsp; thrusted a few times more into her �Oh, Donna, you have changed into one hot sex machine!� His other hand painfully grabbed her ass once more.

�All for you Robert.� Donna replied horny, smiling. She didn�t knew if she really had to be happy with that compliment. She was happy it was over however. �Compared to the rapes by ms Brendan that awful weekend, this is nothing.� She thought �But still I will have to be careful with Robert not to unleash this animal too often.� 

She felt Roberts dick shrink and creep out of her pussy. An obscene fart followed as the air pumped into her pussy was released. It made sperm and her juices drool alongside her legs. �Well at least I have no problem getting him off� she smirked to herself, feeling the sticky stuff creeping down her inner thighs. 

She felt betrayed by her husband. He had fallen so easily for her act. Too easy. Although she knew it was best for her, for the both of them, that he was falling for it, she somehow wanted him to see through the act. She expected him to help her get out of the situation she was in. Instead he now agreed with it. �The prim and proper Robert.� She thought angrily �Just like any man he is a horny bastard deep down too.� However, she immediately felt guilty when she thought it. �No Robert is just mislead by me. I created the monster in him, he has fought it always.� Her mind was in turmoil over the events.

�Just focus on the job at hand, getting him off 25 times.� She finally concluded, still bend over the table �Then we�ll see. Then we�ll see...�

Meanwhile Robert had fetched the box with tissues and he gave it to Donna. As he collapsed back on his chair she whipped her thighs and pussy clean. The friendly gesture made her feel better about her husband. �He just doesn�t know� she understood �He just can�t see it.�

She cleaned her thighs without lifting up from the table. She couldn�t face Robert for a moment, she needed some time to get back into the act, and she knew he would enjoy seeing her clean her leaking pussy in front of him. It fitted the new Donna.

�Time for dessert!� she said finally, as she pushed herself up, and smiled at Robert. She quickly walked into the kitchen. Robert just looked at his wife as if she was some alien, some goddess of sex send from the heavens. Donna kind of felt flattered by his look. She was able to get her man to fuck her 5 times already in just three hours! �See how many other women can achieve that by their husbands!�

She felt good again when she placed the whip-cream on the ice-cream, finalizing the desert. It really looked as if the figure of 25 would be a piece of cake. It somehow made the whole situation much less worrisome for Donna, ms Brendan would be happy, Ninon would be happy, Robert would be happy, and thus Donna herself would be happy, as she would have at least less problems. That line of thought actually helped her forget, overcome, her previous worries. She wondered what her reward would be �Maybe get my job back, and the training would be over?� She hoped something like that. Thinking about the reward, fantasizing about it, pulled her back again.

She walked into the living room where her exhausted yet happy husband was waiting for her. She had a tray with the two ice cream sorbets, and placed them on the table.

�Here, this was under the table, it was on.� Robert remarked as he gave the cell to Donna.

�Oh, how did it get there?� Donna said �It was on?�

�Yeah some weird number, nobody was on the other line.� Robert said �Hope not, they might have heard our whole fuck session!� He laughed as he obviously didn�t believe that had happened. Donna smiled back and placed the phone on the table �I have to be more careful� she told herself. �He mustn�t get suspicious.�

She continued with the �plan�. She seated herself close by Robert this time, she actually was sitting on Trixy�s chair, and started to eat the whip cream as she smiled seductively at Robert, who smiled back, and soon she noticed he was getting hot again, at least in his mind. Men are so easy to read! She moved the chair closer to him and took his free left hand and placed it on her thigh. Robert got the hint and he moved it slowly up to her pussy. Donna opened her legs and let him have full access.

�You�re wet again?� Robert said with some surprise, as his fingers slid into her pussy lips.

�Or still wet� Donna replied with a smile �I told you I missed you.�

Robert and Donna looked at each other and smiled. Robert gazed at the hot sight of his wife in her lingerie. Feeling her wet lips, feel her rock softly back against his touches, her smiles, the way she ate her ice-cream...

On queue Donna let a piece of ice fall on her half exposed breasts. �Ooops� she said, making it very obvious she did it on purpose. A childish look as she cleaned it clumsy with one finger and lifted it back into her mouth completed the picture.

Robert�s eyes grew big and wild again.

A few scoops later another accident, and some ice cream together with whip cream fell on her breast. This time she didn�t clean it, but let it slowly glide down to her nipple, while she looked innocently at Robert, inviting him to take action.

�Damn!!� Robert said and he stood up and attacked his wife, he grabbed her by her shoulders, lifted her with all his force,&nbsp; and licked the ice cream off her breast. Next he ripped off the bra, pulled down her vest, tearing it as he did, and he threw her on the table. Donna was surprised by the fierce reaction, yet still had the common sense to fetch the cell laying on the table and dial the number. After all, number 6 was coming up! She hid the cell behind the bowl with food, and next just focused on not being hit too hart by her wild, out of control, husband.

She rubbed Robert on the chest, as he fetched his member and plunged it between her wide spread legs.

�Oh Donna! You are such a slut!� he shouted. 

Donna was again hurt by the remark, but knew better than to let him notice that.&nbsp; 

�Oh, just fuck me, fuck me hard!� she replied as she bucked her hips back at him.

�He didn�t mean it, he is just too excited.� Donna told herself, but her worries were back.

He banged wildly away at her, but after a while, despite all the encouragement of Donna, and her seductive moves beneath him, he became soft again. He was definitely reaching his tax.

�Oh no honey� she said cursing inside she would miss a point. She took immediate action and turned around, kneeling on the table. She took his wet limp dick and started to stroke it with her hands and at the same time messaged his balls. She smiled at him but he wasn�t reacting. He even started to push her hands away, as his member was too sensitive. Donna knew what she had to do, if she didn�t want to loose the opportunity.

�Yeck.� She thought as she went down on him, her lips surrounding the soft member. The taste of her own juices, mixed with his pre cum, or whatever it was, was just awful. �The juices from Ninon or ms Brendan tasted better.� She thought as she smiled up at her husband, opening her mouth and showing her tongue busy stroking his shaft. 

Her actions had the desired effect and he became hard again. She hurled him onto the table, and made him sit on top of her breasts. 

�Donna, what has gotten in to you!?� Robert asked, not really expecting an answer. He grunted as his dick stiffened more and more. He looked down at the women below him, laying exposed, sucking him. Never ever had Donna been like this. Never ever had he ever been with a woman so hot for him. �What has happened to my wife?� he thought for a moment, but was than drifting away into sexual bliss as Donna sucked him tenderly, making his blood flow away from his brain.

When Donna felt he was hard enough, almost peaking, she pushed him down again �Fuck me, finish me!� she said. She wanted him to come inside her, as she knew that was what ms Brendan wanted. And it avoided her eating sperm once more.

Robert shoved it into her again, and after a few thrusts he was about to come, �Yeah, I�m coming, feel it Donna!� 

Donna felt him come and pretended to come herself, shouting it out too. She bucked back and twisted and turned to the best of her ability, hugging him, scratching his back. All to make him come, for him not to loose his focus again.

He grunted and she felt his penis spasm a few time. Robert sucked her nipple as he went limp instantly. It was clear to Donna he was wasted. Even the muscles of his upper body went kind of soft, and he was sweating a lot. But, she had achieved another one.

She turned off the cell, and cuddled with her husband who was almost falling asleep on her. �That was 6!� went through her mind. �If ms Brendan listens to the tape now she will be surprised I reached so high so fast. At least I am.�&nbsp; 

She pushed the tired Robert up. �Go to bed honey, I�ll be there soon.� She said, and the groggy Robert mumbled something, got off the table, and went upstairs.

Donna cleaned the table, did the dishes, and gave herself some time on her own in front of the television. �I haven�t done this in ages!...Actually, this is the first time as of late I do something I want for a change...� But inwardly she wasn�t really happy. 

Her mind kept on wondering if she was doing the right thing, kept on thinking on how Robert reacted. She never saw her husband like this, and actually didn�t really like it. She loved making love tenderly, emotionally. Did she now open a door that should have stayed closed? Could she make love to Robert the old way again? Where was the old Robert, that would hate the slut she was now? Luckily she found a movie she liked, and she stopped worrying and just enjoyed her free time.



When she walked upstairs three hours later she was ready to hit on Robert again, and she hoped he was too. Her mind cleared of all worries once again, and she was ready to focus on the job at hand. She was still surprised she was so content she would reach her goal, as basically she was forced to do it against her will. But somehow she saw it also as a challenge, to see if she was able to please the all mighty ms Brendan, to see if she really could fuck with Robert 25 times in one weekend. It boosted her ego that she was still hot at her age; it even made the slutty look she had ok.&nbsp; 



Entering the dark room she saw Robert laying in the bed, deep asleep. For a moment she figured she would let the poor man sleep, but then decided it was better for the both of them if they did it once more, at least.

She turned on one night light, so he could see her. She knew men love to see what is going on, and Robert had looked at the new Donna with such lustful eyes... And she needed him to be as horny as possible. 

Next she corrected her attire in front of the mirror. She put on her panty, and a new bra. The vest she threw away, it was shredded and useless. She fixed up her make up, and then approached the bed. She wondered if she had to keep her shoes on... but she decided against it. �I would love to give my feet some rest, and it might be a bit too much for Robert, and I might rip the mattress.� Enough excuses to get rid of the shoes and relax her feet.

She cuddled up to Robert under the sheets, and caressed him softly. Gently feeling his upper body, and working her way down to his penis. She wanted him to awake softly, gently, but with a stiff member. She rubbed his penis softly. She watched his reactions in his sleep. A smile came on his face. She felt his penis getting hard, and she started to kiss him on his chest. He automatically moved on his back, spreading his legs. This gave her better access to his dick, and she could kiss him better too.

When he awoke he looked her in they eye �W-what..?�

�Shhh, let�s go for another one?� she smiled as she kissed his chest gently. She crawled on top of him and pushed the hard dick into her cunt, and started to rock gently on top of him, both her hands on his chest, her body upright. She wanted him to see her breasts in the push up bra. She was proud how they looked in them.

Robert came through and saw his wife riding him, still wearing the sexy lingerie, still with her face full with make up, and her body still smelling like she perfumed it. Her hips were hopping up and down, turning seductively as he looked at them. He loved the way she had just pushed aside her panty, loved the way her lips engulfed his penis, and the way the lips were pulled as she went up.

He felt her wetness around his penis, the warm sweet feeling of a woman in heat. His hands went up to her breasts. The nipples pointing out into the free air. He just had to touch them, had to let his fingers play with them. He loved the push up bra, he loved this vixen riding him.

�Donna, you�re beautiful girl! I love you, I love how you treat me!�

These words were music to Donna�s ears. She smiled down and bent a bit forward, giving Robert better access to her breasts he was roughly fondling. That way she also could pump him better. She now could use her legs to lift her body up and down, instead of using her hips mostly.

Soon the both of them were just grunting and bucking into each other. Donna groaned louder and louder to get Robert off. Robert also started to move wilder and wilder, but soon Donna&nbsp; noticed it was to compensate for his softening dick.

�Damn!� she said inwardly. She knew what to do, though she didn�t really liked it. She let the soft penis glide out of her vagina, and smiled at Robert to let him think she didn�t mind. She laid a finger on his lips when he tried to say something. �Shhh, darling, shhh.� She said and she gently moved her head down towards his crotch. She told herself the awful taste of his sperm mixed with her juices would only last the first few sucks, and she swallowed his soft member. A shiver went through her upper body as she tasted the pre cum. She quickly swallowed it, and coated the dick with as much slime as she could produce. Indeed the taste was over within a few minutes. When she had gotten rid of the disgusting taste she focused again on getting it hard again.

She dared to look up at Robert again with a smile, and making eye contact. As she again played with her tongue she felt the dick stiffen again. �How easy it is to get him hard like this.� She wondered �Eye contact, faking I love it, smiling seductively, and bingo, he�s aroused.� She never knew men were so predictable, or better, Robert was so predictable.

When she felt he was hard enough she straddled him again, and started humping immediately. She used her hand to message his balls, and stroke his shaft, all to get him in the mood, to make him come faster. She didn�t forget to have eye contact, and pretend to be sexually aroused, extremely aroused.

Robert was in heaven, as he first saw his wife suck his dick again. He was amazed she helped him like this to get hard again. She never ever had done this. �What has gotten into her?� he wondered, but soon his lust took over as his dick was treated so good. When she was on top of him again he felt the wetness of her pussy leaking into his hair, on his thighs. He saw her looking at him with pure lust in her eyes. It all made him just want to bang her, and he did, as hard as he could while lying on his back.

But despite all Donna�s efforts, and Robert�s willingness he became soft again on her. Robert felt so sorry again, but he just wasn�t able to keep it up anymore, he was drained.

�Donna, I...� he started to say, but again Donna�s finger touched his lip, silencing him.

�Let me fix the problem dear, I know I�m being hard on you, and I�m more than willing to help you.� And she went down on him again. Robert just eyed her with satisfaction. His wife was going to service him again. In the last year she hadn�t serviced him as much as she had this night. � I must go more abroad, it does wonders on her sexual drive!� he thought, as he smiled and closed his eyes, tilting his head back, and fully enjoying Donna�s tongue licking his dick.

Donna meanwhile hated her situation, but wanted to finish him off at least once. She again cleaned his dick from her cum and his. She even licked his balls, all to get him hard as soon as possible. When he was hard again she jerked him off for a while with her hands, as she kissed his penis and looked him in the eye as much as possible. Her hand was getting tired as she didn�t really feel a response. He was hard, but no way near coming for a long time. 

After what seemed like ages she saw his body respond, stiffen, indicating he was this time really getting close to a climax again. She quickly jumped on him again, and kept up the pace. �This is just fucking hard work!� she told herself as she felt even her legs getting tired. But her efforts had the desired affect this time. 

Robert grabbed her breasts and squeezed them painfully hard, as she bucked his hips hard up and down. Donna tried to squeeze his dick with her pussy as much as possible, and used her left hand to stroke it, and to wriggle his balls. �Come! Come! Come!� she shouted hard, faking ecstasy again. 

�OOOOooh baby!� Robert came as he grabbed her right breast hard, too hard, with his left hand. The other hand squeezed her left thigh painfully. But donna knew better than to complain, she just shouted back her own screams of arousal. �OOOH BABY! Ooh yeah, this is sooooo gooood!�

She fell forward on his chest, hugging him, and he hugged her back.

�Ooooh yeah, girl, yeah, yeah yeah� Robert said.

�I love you Robert.� Donna told him, as she kissed his chest, still breathing heavily. She had worked hard for this orgasm. She felt her body was sweating all over.

Robert mumbled some more sweet words of appreciation, but they soon became incoherent as he fell asleep on her once again.

Donna closed the cell phone and laid on him for a while, recuperating. She felt first the dick slide out of her pussy, and next his cum slowly drooled out of her, together with her own juices.

She finally got up and went into the bathroom to clean herself. As she stood in the bright light in front of the mirror, she saw herself cleaning herself. She saw her make up, her bra still on, her panty still on. �Shit, do I look like a cheap slut right now.� She shook her head as she threw away the dirty paper into the toilet, and looked herself into the eye �This is much harder than I thought.... He might not have it in him to come 25 times!!�

�And it is getting harder for me, I practically have to do all the work, including keeping him hard by jerking him off with my hands or mouth as I fuck him....�

�I need to fuck him more tonight, if I don�t I won�t reach my figure.� She knew �It will take longer and longer for him to come, and with the girls here tomorrow he won�t be able to give me a few quickies as I had hoped...� 

She looked tired at her own image, �Come on girl, you can do it, you�ll have to.� she told herself. She stood up straight, forced herself to smile, and walked into the bedroom.

She looked at herself as she walked passed her dressing table and decided to make herself represent able again. A quick fixing of her lipstick, the eye shadow was a bit smeared due to her own sweating, and the rouge on her face need also some fixing.

When she stood up she had regained her confidence again, as she admired herself again in the mirror. The image of the hot women looking back at her was confirming her own thoughts, that women would make the 25 fucks. 

She went to the bed and crawled underneath the sheets, and walked her way up to Robert�s dick, which she then gently began to suck.



That night she and Robert did it two more times, and one time she just blew him. True, it was getting harder and harder to get him into an erection, and she had to suck him more and more, at the beginning of the fuck and a lot of times during it to get him hard again, but she was a woman on a mission! Robert was enjoying her actions, but didn�t really participate anymore. With the last fuck he didn�t even moved a muscle, she had to get him hard, she went on top of him, she had to do all the pumping. Her Robert was just too exhausted. She tried to keep him aroused by twirling sexy above him, even licking her own breasts in faked ecstasy, but he just needed to be revived so many times. And every time she disliked it, though she quickly became an expert in cleaning his dick. Using a lot of her own spit she even managed to lessen the taste of his cum, or it was because he just hadn�t any juices left. With the last blow job she gave him he was really out of it. She wondered if he even was awake when he came, grunting and snoring at the same time. She finished the sucking by cleaning him, making sure he wasn�t able to get aroused again. He actually pushed her away in his sleep, a clear sign he was wasted and needed some time to recuperate. He fell into a deep sleep almost instantly, leaving Donna alone with her thoughts. She closed the cell phone once again, and sighed deeply. As she lay herself next to her husband she was shaking her head and a tear went down her cheek. She was exhausted from her hard work, and was frustrated by her own actions. Too tired to even clean herself she turned of the night light, and fell asleep to.



When she woke up Saturday she first cuddled up to Robert. She had a few moments acting like the old Donna, before reality would come back to her. She noticed Roberts sleeping very deep still, and decided to shower first before waking him. It gave her time to give herself the mandatory enema, and hide the kit again from Robert. As she stood up she felt almost all her muscles ache. The last night was heavier than the exercises she had at the gym, or when she had her sexual lessons. 

She gave herself the enema while showering and shaved herself, though it wasn�t really necessary due to the waxing. She made sure her hair stayed dry. She liked the curls, and knew they turned Robert on, so no need in ruining them with water. When she finished showering she emptied herself in the toilet bowl. She had used the tube to scratch her itch in her ass. The itch in her pussy was coming back too, as she thought about it. Even all the fucking hadn�t helped, and this time only natural fluids had been inside her pussy.

�It must be the amount of fucking it can not handle.� She thought.

She got up and brushed her teeth, and next quietly entered into the bedroom again and sat down at her make up table. There she first used perfumed oil on her whole body, especially her pussy and breasts. It softened the sore feeling she had there. 

Finished with her body she applied powder to her face and upper body, even to her breasts. Her areolas she accentuated with darker blush, as well as her nipples. It was the first time she did it, but as she had applied powder to her breasts anyway, this was just a natural next step. She looked in the mirror and saw her breasts indeed looked better. 

On her face she had to use a thicker layer of powder than yesterday. She was tired and it was showing in her face. She had to cover up the tiny wrinkles. As this caused her face to look somewhat �painted� she used the rouge to make her face more lively. She accentuated the cheekbones, and her sharp nose. 

She applied red lipstick this time. It was day time and she wanted her lips to look hot. The wand applied the shiny material on her lips, and just as she had learned yesterday she overdid it a bit, making her lips larger. As she looked in the mirror she found it a bit too overdone, but when she looked aside to the sleeping Robert, she decided to keep the lipstick at least till she had fucked with him. �He will love the shiny red lips going around his penis again� she knew. She finished her lips by painting a dark line around them. With the thick powder and rouge they stood out from her face.

Her eyes also needed some extra attention: they looked still tired. She used black eyeliner to darken her eye lids, next she applied light red eye shadow above her eye. Stroking it so it was kind of flaming out. She placed some under her eye too. The powder, eye shadow and dark lining made her eyes look wide awake again, ready for action. She finished by using black mascara on her eye lashes. �Oh almost forgot� she said to herself as she looked at the result in the mirror �My eye browse�. She now for the first time really saw how thin they were. �They almost completely shaved them, and they shaved them in a wave like fashion� she noticed. It forced her to repaint them in the same way. But the result was stunning, and she looked proudly at herself. A very pretty, hot woman was smiling back. She tried several faces to see which one was the most seductive. No wrinkle could be seen, she looked ten years younger. �Actually this kind of make up is fun.� She told herself �I haven�t really played with make up like this since I was little.�

She sprayed some perfume over her body, face, and with a smile, in between her legs. �Cool� she said to herself.

Next she put on the lace black underwear, just a thong and a push up bra Ninon had selected. The bra was one that did cover her nipples. A note was attached saying �Good Luck�. It was a nice gesture of Ninon. She put on the black high heels, closed the straps they had, and stood in front of the mirror, as she brushed her hair. �I look hot!� she approved of herself. The shoes she noticed were really kind of kinky, they had small metal pins on the straps, and in itself would be okay, but together with the black underwear, and her make up, her hair, it gave a kind of gothic look. It reminded her of the weekend, that Sunday with ms Brendan when she was tortured for the first time. Ms Brendan had kind of looked like this. She shrugged the idea away, she didn�t want to think about that awful weekend right now.

She looked at Robert who was still vast asleep. �Time for number 11.� She figured. She spat on her fingers, spread her legs and masturbated until her pussy was wet enough. �I�ll have to see the doctor again, the itch is getting worse.� Donna thought as she fought the urge to grab a dildo and scratch herself. She did however put a finger in her ass, where the itch was too much to bare now she thought of it. �He�s not fucking my ass, so this is going to be the only way to scratch myself there.� She fought the urge to go into the bathroom and use a dildo on her ass, for fear Robert might stroll in and see her like that. The finger up her ass she could whisk away with some comment about an itch, but a dildo.... The tube of the enema just hadn�t been enough �How will I go through a day with this itch?�. 

For that matter she hoped he wouldn�t go through the closets a lot, as her toys were stashed away there, as per instructions of Ninon. She shook her head as she thought of the fact she had so many toys now, non of which she actually wanted. Yet all bought by herself.

When she finished rubbing her pussy and scratching her ass she sighed a relief and she placed her thong back. She walked over to her sleeping husband; �It is time to suck and fuck again�.

Robert woke up as he felt someone sucking on his dick. With a smile he opened his eyes and saw Donna looking up to him with his dick in her mouth. The sight of her curly hair falling down on his hip, her bright red lips around his prick, the tongue teasing in and out of her mouth, the well built body of his wife with her ass in the air, and wearing just a thong, her breasts touching his thighs... Robert was in heaven! �Oh Donna, you are too much!� he said as he enjoyed the morning blowjob.

Donna smiled at him and stopped her sucking, she gave his prick a last kiss, and next lifted herself up and straddled him. As Robert lay on his back she rode him until he came. Her hips moved up and down, lifting her ass in the air, and making her wet pussy glide up and down his shaft. She didn�t kiss him, she just gave him the view of her body in daylight, her face with her bouncing hair, her breasts, though still in her bra, her belly with its piercing, and her shaved pussy gliding up and down. 

�Ooooooh Fuck Donna!� Robert yelled �Thank you baby, what a fuck!� he shot his first load of the day quicker than she expected.

�Easy!� Donna thought with a smile, proud number 11 was in the bag. She jumped off him and closed the cell phone. She laid herself next to him, and started caressing him, she went for number 12 immediately.

When they finally made it to the kitchen to have breakfast half an hour later Trixy arrived home, eager to see her daddy. For Donna this meant no more opportunities to fuck Robert, until probably the afternoon. �Well, I�ve reached 14 up to now, only 11 more to go, and I still have two whole days. He�ll need some time off anyway, to recuperate.� 

�And I too,� she thought �I still taste his sperm in my mouth. I just can�t get used to the foul taste. And it seems he needs a lot of me sucking him to get to an orgasm, I�m more with my mouth around his dick than with my pussy lips.� She drank gratefully a cup of coffee, and made sure she washed her mouth with the black liquid before she swallowed. 



The morning passed by with the family really together again. Trixy and Robert talked a lot during breakfast about what happened to them the last weeks. Julie came a bit late, and tired: two nights of partying was getting to her, but when she had showered and got ready for her sport on Saturday she was all good again, just a little pale.

Just as they&nbsp; used to do the whole family went to the park where the girls would do their training, and Robert and Donna would mingle with the other parents. The only difference was that Donna was the only women still dressed to impress, with her high heels and her short skirt. As it was extremely cold outside by now she wore a blouse with long sleeves, and a sweater. But that didn�t hide her long curvy legs, which made all the man look at her.

Robert also noticed Donna was much more �liberal� with the men. She used to be just minding her own business, but now she was almost flirting with the men they met. It was not that she did anything really wrong, but she looked men in the eye, she reacted on there remarks, even if they became a bit sexual. He observed her and wondered what had changed her. He didn�t like it, he loved her the way she was, more timid.

�Why did you wear that skirt, in this cold? And you�ve made yourself up like you are going to a party. All the men are staring at you.� Robert had to remark finally. He didn�t want a fight, but the latest acquaintant even laid his hand on her thigh and she didn�t even flinch. 

�When we left the house you didn�t complain.� Donna reminded him 

�Oh ...have you seen the time Trixy is making? I think she improved a lot since you left. Look she is going great right now.� 

Robert was taken aback by her response. It was cold for her doing, and it was so unlike the Donna he knew, and who had fucked him like crazy last night and this morning. However, Trixy was indeed doing very well, and his attention went to her time. Donna had successfully swayed the conversation. 

But Donna herself was wondering �Is it really just the clothing, or am I really flirting at times?� She had noticed she looked men in the eye more often, rule no 1 in getting there attention �I�ll have to watch myself.� She decided, and focused her attention more on Robert. She caressed him to make up for the harsh remark. She had seen the hurt, surprise, in his eye. With friendly attention she managed to get him back to normal again as time passed.

When the kids were done they went home where they got ready for diner. Robert wanted to take the family out for a change. They had diner at a fancy restaurant down town. The only problem Donna had was the way her daughters dressed for the occasion. They also wore high heeled shoes, and there dresses where very revealing. She had no idea where they got them from, but when she asked about it Julie and Trixy both protested and kind of blackmailed her. 

�You are wearing sexy clothing all the time, much more revealing than this, mom. And much more revealing than you are wearing now!� Julie had said. Hinting she might tell her dad about what she was wearing when he was not around.

�It�s the latest fashion for us teenagers, everybody is wearing sexier clothing nowadays.� Trixy had joined in.

�And we just wanted to look a bit more like you mom.� Julie finished off the discussion.

Donna was perplexed, but instead of getting angry and making a scene, she gave in. She didn�t want to have a fight, where eventually Robert would be involved and the happy atmosphere would turn just like last weekend. She still needed 10 plus fucks from him, which would never happen if she was discredited by her own daughters. The latter thought she tried to dismiss as irrelevant, but she kept wandering the whole night if that wasn�t the real reason she didn�t act on her children�s clothing.

Robert was easily �convinced� it was ok when the three ladies of the house mutually agreed it was ok for the girls to dress like this. He didn�t dare to go against all three of them.

�They don�t go out to fancy places that often.� Donna had whispered to Robert when he had remarked about there dresses. �Let them be ladies for one night.�

Robert had looked at Donna with a blaming look. Especially as she herself was dressed very revealing, with her dark long night dress with in the front and back a low cut. It revealed almost her whole back, and the top of her breast. The push up bra was almost visible. It would have been hadn�t it been a half cupped bra. It left her nipples free poking through the thin dress. It was selected by Ninon as if she had known he would take them out. 

It was scary for Donna to be dressing up like that in front of Robert, she was afraid of his reaction. But her flirting with him, and her making him know she was dressing up especially for him made him go along. Although she didn�t really show him the type of bra she was supposed to wear. She quickly got into her dress after she put on the bra, covering her nipples. She knew that would be too much, Robert would complain as they were going to a fancy restaurant, and he was always making sure he and his family were descent and respectable. 

Now Donna, herself not at ease with the dresses of her daughters, had taken Robert by the hand and guided him downstairs, ending all complains. She had kissed him passionately while the girls finished upstairs �Tonight we�ll try to break the record of yesterday� she had said as they stopped when the girls came tumbling down. Robert smiled uncertain, but Donna at least knew he wouldn�t complain about the dresses anymore. 

Upon the kids request they took a family picture before they went out. They wanted obviously to have a picture of them dressed up like they were. That done they left the house for the restaurant.



The diner itself was wonderful, and they really had a good time together. Robert told the girls a lot of stories about the people he met, and how people lived in Asia. It didn�t go unnoticed to Donna Robert emphasized on the decent behavior of the teenagers, how they respected there parents, and didn�t dress so wildly 

�Dad, don�t start again� her daughters had warned in unison, and Robert had left it like that.

But even Donna had looked at her daughters and didn�t like what she saw. They had even mimicked her make up a little. She had to watch them and correct them more often when Robert was away, she had concluded. She somehow had to explain them it was not correct for them to dress and make up like her, difficult, but it had to be done. 

They finished the dinner with some desert, and left.

Back at home the family watched some television, Julie was picked up by some friends to go out again, and Trixy was dead tired and went to bed. Donna was surprised Julie went out again, but she didn�t complain. It gave her more time than expected to get her quota, and it was Saturday night. Can you refuse a teenager her Saturday night out? 

Robert was falling asleep in front of the television. Still in her evening dress she approached him with two glasses of wine. She decided to have a little romance before the sex. She was feeling very good about the way the day had went, and wanted a small celebration, moment together with the man she loved. And they had extra time anyway.

She woke up the drowsy Robert, and gave him his wine, as she sensually sat next to him. The flirting had begun.

�Cheers, to our happy family� she said, and they had the first sip on their family.

�Lots of things are changing with you all.� Robert said drowsy �I�m missing out on all the fun. The girls were looking like real women tonight.� He sat up, trying to stay awake.

�They�re teenagers my dear, though Julie is definitely almost a woman, she�ll be 18 in&nbsp; a couple of months.� Donna replied �And they dressed up rather sexy this night, not wearing the usual gym shoes and jeans.�

�True, but they really did their best to look like you.� Robert said �And they even mimicked your new looks.� His hand touched her face and her hair gently.

�Everything is alright with you, right?� Robert said with a kind of worried look on his face.

�Of course, why shouldn�t it be?� Donna replied as she softly kissed his hand stroking her face.

�Well, you changed a lot too. Since I�m gone you�ve changed your look more and more, true I don�t mind it that much, but you should not change too much.� His hand was moving, guided by Donna actually, towards Donna�s breasts. �I mean you�ll have to maintain a certain stature in this community.�

�You mean I�m too hot for them?� Donna replied teasingly, she was getting worried the conversation would lead to a quarrel again. She didn�t want no negative comments about her appearances.

�No, no, don�t get me wrong.� Robert replied �It�s just that it�s so not you. Remember how embarrassed, shy you were when I took those semi naked pictures of you?�

�Oh yeah, do I remember those bloody pictures!� Donna thought �They got me into this mess Robert.� She felt angry at him �If you only knew!�

�And now...� Robert just continued oblivious to Donna�s inner state �... now you dress almost more revealing, in public! You�ve shaved your vagina, you had a piercing, and all you want to do is fuck. Man you seem to be wet constantly!�

�Well...� Donna said, her mind racing on how to divert the conversation as quickly as possible.

�The girls seem to be going out a lot more than the old Donna would approve. And they dress differently, like you. You do understand that at this age they imitate their mother?�

�Or they rebel.� Donna brought in �Robert the girls are growing up, so they get more liberties, they dress according to the current fashion amongst teenagers...�

�They have grown up in just two months?� Robert remarked �No Donna, it is you who changes, and they change along.� 

Donna tried to focus the attention of the conversation back to Robert�s hand close to her breast. Not only because she didn�t want to fight, but he was making sense, and she didn�t want to think about the implications of what he was saying. Not now.

�Robert, honey, please don�t worry about what is happening here, you have never been away so long, and so it looks like a lot has changed.� She moved her body so his hand was now on her breast �And maybe I am a bit horny, a bit more than usual. Maybe it�s something with my hormones...� she undid the top of her dress, and let it fall down, leaving her sitting with her half cut push up bra next to him �... so please take advantage of it, of me.� 

She looked him straight in the eye, and he next looked down at her breasts. �Yes, got him� she thought, and next Robert indeed bended over and licked her free nipple. She leaned back and soon they lay on the couch and were making out. �So far for romance� she thought, but she didn�t mind.

Robert pulled up her dress and her panty went down. Donne eagerly accepted him in her pussy, it was itching again. The only annoying fact was that her ass was also itching, and she almost wanted him to finger her ass too, but she was afraid that would be too much for him, he was never an ass fucker, and she didn�t like it either �So better to try to forget the itch, I�ll get rid of it later.� She made a mental note again to see the doctor. It wasn�t normal.

Robert didn�t take long, and with a few grunts he came. She felt his sperm inside her, and noticed the amount of sperm was decreasing. �I�m draining him� she chuckled.

She got up to fetch her tissues and closed the cell, �I�ll be back, have some more wine.� She told Robert and ran upstairs. She needed to scratch her ass desperately! As she gently stuck a small dildo in her ass as she sat on the toilet, she heard her husband downstairs poring himself another drink.

�Here I am with sperm and my juices leaking from my cunt, and ass-fucking myself with a dildo.� She shook her head in dismay �It�s really too weird...� 

After she gently scratched herself, and the itch in her ass was less, she cleaned her vagina, and tidied herself up in front of the mirror. She was still proud of the way she looked in the evening dress. And she needed some encouragement to go back to Robert for the last 10 fucks. �Let me try to get 6-7 out of him tonight, than the Sunday we can be a family again, and we have 3 farewell fucks in the afternoon.� �It is still tight� Donna knew �He�ll want to spent time with my daughters, and they with him, so it leaves little time to have sex tomorrow...� She hurried down, determined to get him to fuck her again and again.

They did it twice more on the couch before they moved to the bedroom, the wine bottle empty and both of them rather tipsy. 

Donna went into the bathroom to change into her night gown. She needed to surprise him again, and what Ninon had chosen certainly would. She started to apply make up first. First rouge to even her skin,&nbsp; and next she applied bright red lipstick. As before she extended the lipstick beyond her real lips, and painted with a dark pencil the new outline of her lips. Next were her eyes. She just repainted those just like before. Her eyeshadow had to be different though. As she wanted a red effect. She drew the border of her eyes dark, and blackened her eye lashes. Next the eye shadow around her eyes was applied: a dark red. Above her eye she used lighter shades up to her eyebrow to get the same effect as yesterday, but in a different color. The result was stunning. A hot horny Donna looked back from the mirror. Her eyes stood out perfectly. She finished by applying some darker brown rouge on her cheek bones, and on the sides of her nose. She smiled at herself in the mirror. She liked it how the make up changed her, despite the fact that she didn�t like to look like the wanton slut. It was still something amazing she could look like one. �And it makes the acting like one all the more convincing!�

Next Donna dressed, she had lost already too much time with her make up, and her husband would be falling asleep by now, if he wasn�t sleeping already.

As Donna dressed in the bathroom she heard Julie come home. �3 o� clock!� Donna shook her head �I�ll have to talk with her next week, it�s getting out of hand, probably she has a boyfriend or so, and I don�t even know about it...�

As she entered the bedroom she stunned Robert again. This time she had chosen the aggressive color red. �How many of those clothes you have?� Robert asked, but he did like what he saw. His wife on red high heels, red lingerie, with red fishnet stockings, and even her make up was red!

�Julie came home, late, shouldn�t we...�

�No my dear, we�ll talk with her tomorrow, or I�ll have a talk with her next week. She crawled on the bed, with her ass high up, and her back curved. They kissed, and soon she had Robert forgetting all about Julie, and as he entered her she turned on the cell again.



The whole night she fucked and sucked him. She was determined to get as many fucks out of him as possible, even if it meant no sleep for her. And she was willing to do all the work. The last 2 fucks Robert even fell asleep as she rode him, but she managed to wake him up, at least enough for his dick to do his work. When he wasn�t responding anymore at all it was 6 in the morning, and Donna herself was dead tired. She scratched her ass on the toilet one more time, as she cleaned her vagina. 

�Only three more to go. But it is getting harder to make him cum.� She thought wearily. �Probably it will be more difficult to get more fucks out of him as I hoped. I should be happy if I even reach 25.� She shook her head as she got up and cleaned the dildo. She had to fight back tears as misery overwhelmed her. �And I didn�t even came once! It was all fake, all just focused on him having orgasms.� 

�I have been busy the whole night. I had to suck him all the time.� She looked at herself in the mirror �Damn do I look exhausted.� Her make up was smeared from all the sweating she had done. The lipstick smeared around her mouth, mixed with cum, spit.� She opened the faucet and started to clean her face. �No, I need a shower, I feel dirty all over, and I look that way too. I look like a cheap dirty whore, and I feel like one too.�

The hot shower helped her recuperate. She knew she didn�t had much time before her daughters would wake up. �What will happen to me? Will I reach my quota? I need just three more, but I�m exhausted. And will I get the time? Will Robert be able to? Will he fight me?�&nbsp; 

�Let me get some sleep, if I�m tired like this I always panic...� she said to herself as she wiped away her tears �And am I tired!� 

She walked naked into the bedroom and crawled next to her husband, and fell asleep in a second.



They woke up with the kids barging into the bedroom and jumping on the bed. 

�Wake up wake up, we have breakfast ready!!� They shouted.

�Alright, alright!!� Robert laughed, as he tried to find his pants under the sheets somewhere. Donna laughed wearily, she felt exhausted and there were muscles hurting her that had never hurt her before! Her hips and thighs were stiff all over. And on top of that she was still tired, she could still sleep for hours.

Robert jumped out of the bed, having found his pants �Let�s go down, and let your mom freshen up, she looks tired.� He winked at her and he left the room with his daughters.

Donna turned and wanted to sleep more, but knew she had to get up. �Three more fucks, only three more fucks, please let me have a quick opportunity, so I can relax and sleep!�

She hurried out of the bed into the bathroom. While she gave herself the daily enema she angrily blamed her daughters for the morning fuck she had missed. �That could have been two maybe even three fucks!� She quickly showered and dressed to join her family downstairs. From the noise they made they had a good time. �If only I was free to enjoy my family like they do� she sadly thought as she looked at herself. It was Sunday so she didn�t wore too sexy, but the ever present high heels still made her a bit kinky, though the sweater and the �long� skirt were quite normal. �Time to act the wanton slut again.� She thought as she closed the bedroom door behind her. Walking down the stairs caused her more pain in her hip and thighs, and even her stomach. �What if I hadn�t exercised so much lately, I would not be able to walk anymore.� She thought. Downstairs she joined her family and after a good breakfast was almost as good as new again. She and Robert shared some looks, where Donna made sure he understood she wanted some more. His hand on her thigh under the table gave a small squeeze as he smiled at her and at the kids, who were running through the kitchen backing pan cakes, fetching drinks for them. 

However the whole morning she and Robert had no opportunity for a fuck. Donna looked at the positive side of it �At least he has had time to recuperate..� She did manage to whisper to him on several occasions she wanted more. By the end of the morning she saw he had a hard on again as she stroke her leg while licking her lips, and looking him straight in the eye. �Yes!! Success� she thought �How easy it is to get a man�s attention.�

Next step was to get the girls away for a while.

�Julie, Trixy, it is almost lunch, let�s go out to Donner�s Diner?�

�Oh yeah mom, they have some nice food there, and the view is great!!� Julie replied

�I love their steak sandwich!� Trixy agreed.

�Ok, so get dressed, you know it is a bit fancy. We�ll leave in half an hour?� she looked at Robert who understood the question.

�Yeah, we must be able to manage that.� He said matter of factly, but smiled and winked at Donna.

As the girls ran upstairs Donna tongue-kissed her husband, and rubbed his dick into an erection. She knew they had to be quick, and the fastest way to get him off was by being daring, and so she hushed him as she opened up his pants, licked his dick a few times, and sat on him on the couch. Robert tried in vain to complain, but his own dick betrayed him, though he kept looking at the stairs, afraid his daughters would come down. 

Donna meanwhile humped up and down, and whispered in his ear how much she loved him, and how hot she was for him, hoping to get him off as soon as possible. She also didn�t want her daughters to see them like this!

Her husband didn�t need long to come in her once more. She jumped off and grabbed the cell as she ran to the toilet to clean herself. She didn�t dare to go for a second one, and they had to get ready themselves anyway.

Donner�s Diner was fun and Donna felt happy and content. Only two more fucks to go and she had reached her goal. On top of that she found she was able to mix the family life with her sexual life rather well. And Robert hadn�t really complained at all up to now. �But than again, he was too busy getting fucked.� She smiled to herself. �It was true a lot of sex would keep him from complaining.� The muscle pain all over she took for granted. 

The afternoon they drove through the national park just outside the city. The landscape was nice, though a bit somber due to the cold, it was definitely winter.

Robert and the kids talked a lot as Donna sat in front just listening. It worried her when she heard Julie talk about her school and new friends she had found. It wasn�t anymore so much about school, sports etc, but more about boys, relationships, dirty gossip. But than again, she was a teenager, almost 18, so this was probably some phase she had to go through. Robert didn�t really mind too, he just gave some advice, and laughed at some of the weird things she heard. He obviously didn�t really belief her at times.

And even Trixy had her stories about sex, though she still asked more than she told. At the age of 16 that was normal, but some questions were really specific. Donna shrugged her worries away. �It is due to the sexual situation I�m in these things grab my attention. Robert doesn�t freak out, so...�

At home Robert had to start packing. Donna knew this and send the girls off to get some pizza at the pizza store down the street. It would give her enough time for two or more fucks, the last she had to have. �Girl, do I feel tired!�











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.



The reward



Donna walked up to ms Brendan�s house after she parked her car. It was a misty morning and very cold, and a small breeze made it feel so much colder. She tucked herself deeper in the short fur coat. it kept at least her body warm, but she hurried fast to the door, her legs were freezing already. 

In her mind she was exited and anxious. Not so much because of meeting ms Brendan, or what she would make her do. It would be the usual nakedness, and probably some humiliation too. No, that was not something to look forward to. It was because of the phone conversation she had with ms Brendan last night, when she had proudly announced she had reached her quota, even better, that she had managed to squeeze some additional orgasms out of Robert. True, they were mostly blow jobs, but they counted. And ms Brendan had approved, no remarks and no discussion of the result. She even congratulated her and told her she would get her just reward! And that was the thing she looked forward to. What could the reward be, would it have been worth the effort?

She reached the door and rang the bell anxiously. She was cold, it was still freezing as the sun was barely up, and she wanted to get in as soon as possible. She looked at the empty street, only a few cars were in sight, the cold had a grip on the city it seemed, keeping everyone of the streets. And the fact that she was wearing a short skirt, a thin blouse, and her legs were naked with no stockings didn�t help getting her warm. But it was how ms Brendan had instructed her to come, and this was a small thing to do, compared to the last weekend. �All to keep ms Brendan happy.� Donna smirked to herself.

As she waited in the cold she felt how her body was still tired of the weekend. Having sex like this, where she had to do most, if not all the work, was tiresome. Especially as she hadn�t come, not even really reaching close to her peak. �Well, maybe the first day yes.� she thought back. �But the last two days it was just getting Robert off. I should get an award for my acting alone!� But that didn�t change the pain in her thighs, her hips, even her vagina kind of felt funny. 

The door was opened pulling her out of her thoughts. She looked into the cold eyes of the driver. The girl had her usual skimpy outfit, showing the tattoo on her breast, well, more like advertising it, as her breasts bulged out of the corset-like uniform. A short skirt, black stockings, and high heels. It was something she always wondered about, does she ever wear different clothing, like in her free time. Did she have any free time? She seemed to be always around.

Donna entered the house, happy to be out of the cold. �Thank you� she said to the driver.

�That is what you�ll have to wear.� The driver pointed to a pair of white high heels, ignoring her thanks.

Donna nodded, and kept silent. It was no use talking to the driver as usual. 

�So I have to go totally naked today...� she understood, as she focused on her upcoming talk with ms Brendan �Well... if that�s her kink for today...� Donna didn�t mind being naked in ms Brendan�s house anymore, she would have worn anything ms Brendan told her today and wouldn�t mind. Not today at least. She knew she had made it, and she knew she would get a reward. Ms Brendan had told her so herself!

As she undressed she felt her muscles ache again. She thought back again at the weekend, her fucks with Robert. How different they were from their usual intercourse. �It was raw fucking mostly.� She smiled as she recalled the scenes �He was even too much enjoying it to complain about anything, let alone notice I was acting.� 

As she dropped her skirt she looked into the mirror, at her own reflection �I am still hot enough to get my husband off whenever, wherever, and how often I want to.� She thought proudly, looking at her legs, her thighs, and, as she turned, her ass. �Even now in just a blouse I look hot� she thought. As Donna faced the mirror again she looked at her vagina. The awful cut was still clearly visible. A reminder of the cruelty of ms Brendan. �I wonder if it will ever go away. The doctor had said no, but maybe it becomes just a small cut in time...�

She unbuttoned her blouse, as she kept looking at herself. �My body is indeed nicely toned. The right skin color due all that sun bathing... Well, a bit too dark maybe..� Donna shifted her upper body a bit to let the light play on her free breasts �But that was obviously the idea of ms Brendan. She wanted this slightly too dark tone. To make me look like a slut, but not too much. Just a bit off from the normal housewife look.� 

Donna smiled sadly �And the slut I have been, or better, the bitch� she thought as she remembered the Sunday afternoon again. All had gone well, until Julie and Trixy returned too soon with their pizza�s. She had at that moment fucked Robert one more time, and they were getting ready for the last, the twenty-fifth. Needless to say she was more than a bit frustrated at their quick arrival. But it was getting worse, as it turned out they expected to spent the last hours with their dad, even planning to go with them to the airport.

She had looked for a way out, an excuse to get him back, but found no real solution. 

�It was out of panic.� She thought �I would have never hit her like that.� And she had hit her daughter. They ended up fighting after a short but heavy argument. She hit her own daughter a bleeding nose and shut her up in her own room. Robert had been unaware of this, luckily, and Trixy was so taken by her mother�s action she had meekly followed her order to go to her room too. Robert had heard part of the quarrel, how could he not as he was showering in the other room, but she had just taken him outside to the car as quickly as possible, and was driving him away from the house before he could really react.

She sat down and picked up the white high heeled shoes. The driver had left her alone already, going about her own business, whatever that was. 

�He just meekly followed, wondering what was going on.� She recalled �Must have been my own behavior. I was really furious, and not in the mood to quarrel with him, and he knew it.� 

She closed the strap of the right shoe, and picked up the left. She hadn�t been really angry with Julie, but when Julie balked at the idea of her bringing Robert alone to the airport �Because you girls have school tomorrow�, Donna just snapped. 

�All the tension of the past months just came out. The fear of not making it, being so close. The anger at myself for letting this situation just gradually escalate to its current state. The dates with other men that felt like betraying Robert, the clothing, the guest room...� Donna explained to herself, as she closed the straps of the left shoe. The shoes fitted perfectly as usual, and she was used to the high heels by now. More than used to, flat shoes didn�t exist anymore for her. One more thing she was ashamed of. She stood up and watched herself in the mirror. Her make up was just like Friday, with the bronze lips, the rouge, the brown shades on her cheeks, and the eye-shadow, mascara, thin lining of her eyebrows. �Too much make up to go to work this afternoon actually.� She concluded �Hopefully she allows me to remove it, or at least lessen the look.�

A true slut she looked, naked, toned, a healthy thin body, her hair curly. She went through her hair with her hand. The long fingernails �French style�, the diamond stud in the outer nails, it shouted �slut� in Donna�s opinion. Another thing she didn�t want to show up with at work. 

A sad look took over as she again thought back at the fight. It was something she tried to forget, at least until this meeting with ms Brendan was over. Than she figured she could try to restore her relation with her daughter again. Explain her it was due to her own frustration, she must understand she hadn�t meant to hurt her like that, hadn�t meant to hurt her at all.

She turned to walk into the living room �But Julie was right on the spot when she shouted how perverted I was. It was also the shock of how much my daughters had noticed of my changes, my behavior. Even my nightly escapades had been noticed, both inside and outside the house, and the way I dressed up for them.� 

She sighed, getting herself back together again to face ms Brendan �I smacked her just to have her shut up, for fear Robert would hear her from under his shower, and then she fought back, and I.... well I�m well trained, and she had three nights of drinking, so it was no match. I was just too vicious, I surprised myself.�

She had left her daughter with a bleeding nose, crying, inside her own room, had sent Trixy off to her room, and went immediately away with Robert. In the car she took a few minutes to recuperate, and next worked on Robert again. He wasn�t in the mood of course, but she just wouldn�t take no. She had parked the car half way to the airport in a secluded parking lot, and she fucked him, sucked him, did all she could to get him off for the last time.

When he was done and they were back on the road she was calm again, having reach her quota at least. She explained the fight to Robert as a normal fight lately because of Julie�s teenager behavior. �We�ll make it up again in a day or two.� She had assured him. Her sudden calmness about it made him belief her story, and relaxed him. They even fucked and sucked some more at the airport parking lot, making him almost miss his flight. But Donna really wondered if she could make it up to Julie so easy. Their first fight, even during puberty she never was physical with Julie. And the shock, the utter despair in Julies eyes when she was beaten, and just dragged into her room. �I have no idea how she will react to this...�

�And now here I am, naked, in high heels, ready to obey every command of that twisted and sick ms Brendan who is the cause of all my problems.� A sigh left her body, as she mustered herself for what was about to happen 

�Let the games begin!� Donna told herself as she walked into the living room.&nbsp; 



The bright sunlight blinded her for a second, and she blinked a few times to get used to it. She looked around the room to see ms Brendan.

�Sit down Cutty.� Ms Brendan said with a big smile. Ms Brendan was sitting on the couch and indicated to Donna she should sit next to her. She was wearing a grey business suit with a dark pink blouse. She was wearing brown nylons, and black shoes, 2-3 inches high. She looked like your average business woman, with her hair cut just above the shoulder, and just some basic make up, a neutral lipstick, just a bit of pink eye make. In other words she looked just the way Donna would love to look: descent, intelligent, strong, self confidence. 

Donna first kissed ms Brendan, convincingly said �I love you ms Brendan�, and sat down on the couch next to ms Brendan. It was nice for Donna to sink into the soft pillows, it was rather cold in the room. 

�Chilly isn�t it.� Ms Brendan said with a small smile as her eyes focused on Donna�s nipples, which stood erect.

�Yes, well actually it is normal for this time of the year, ms Brendan.� Donna replied as if it was just a normal conversation among friends.

�You did great, Cutty, I�m really, really impressed!� Ms Brendan said as she turned on an answering machine. She was direct as usual. �We voted this one to be the best fuck of the weekend� The noise of Robert and her fucking on the diner table filled the room.

Donna wondered who voted �Probably Ninon, ms Brendan, and maybe even the driver� �Let�s just hope no one else!�

�So I�m happy, and if I�m happy you can be happy, Cutty.� Ms Brendan said, leaving the answering machine on. This made sure the room was filled with her and Roberts moaning and grunting, and the obscene sounds of flesh smacking into each other, the sipping noise of his dick in her pussy, an the sucking noises. 

�As for your reward...� she picked up a receipt book. �I made this calculation: 19 fucks at 200 USD, and 9 blow jobs 50USD each, which gives you a total of&nbsp; 4250 USD. With a large tip as my employee was really in heaven, as he assured me just this morning, I think 6000 USD would be ok, don�t you think, Cutty?�

Donna was perplexed, she wanted to pay her 6000 USD for fucking with her own husband! And she had actually approached her husband to see if she had made him happy. �What had she asked, will Robert be angry at me again for �discussing� my sex life with ms Brendan?� She worried right away.

�On top of that� ms Brendan continued �You�ll have the next week off. Both from me as from your other work. It is also the holidays, and thus vacation for the kids. Time for you to have some quality time with the family.�

Donna smiled �Some time alone with my family at last!� 

�Thank you ms Brendan.� She said honestly. She was thrilled! She would receive a large amount of money, have time with her kids, free for a week from the weird things they forced her to do. Free time to patch things up with her daughters. 

�You know Robert won�t be home for the holidays as planned, it is the time of year sales is booming in Asia, so I need him there to lead the marketing campaigns.� Ms Brendan told Donna. �I explained that to him this morning.�. 

Before Donna could really digest the bad news ms Brendan continued �But to make it up, and because I am really pleased with my slut, I have tickets for you to the Caribbean for 7 days, with your kids.�

Donna couldn�t keep a smile from her face. She always wanted to go to the Caribbean but it never came to it. And now she would go with her daughters too. �A pity Robert can�t be there, but the kids will love to go to the Caribbean! It will make it so much easier to make it up to them.��

�Would you please sign these Cutty?� Ms Brendan gave her a few papers.

Donna looked at the papers and read them. She was offering her �services�, which were clearly described together with their price, blow jobs, fucks, lap-dance, the works. It was kind of a standard contract for a call girl service, if they would have any. The other paper was the final invoice, describing what actually had been done the two nights and two days of labor. Donna hesitated, signing such papers was going against her nature. She never signed papers easily, and these were making it look as if she initiated the deal.

�Something wrong Cutty?� ms Brendan asked seeing Donna�s hesitation.

�I- I, I�m sorry ms Brendan, but why must I sign these? Can�t I just get the money?�

�Oh I thought the amounts were wrong or something like that...� Ms Brendan smiled and acted relieved �I�m not going to give you money just like that, Cutty. How can I justify that in my books? No just sign the paper. Or are the amounts really incorrect?�

Donna knew she was teasing her, knew this was what she had planned from the beginning. If she didn�t sign she wouldn�t get the money, which she actually desperately needed. If not just to pay ms Brendan herself off for the advances for the modifications at her home. But if she signed she agreed to �have offered and rendered services� which were fucks and blowjobs. It would go into the books she fucked for money. Even if it was her husband his name wasn�t on the invoice. It would make her something like a call girl to whomever saw the invoice. 

And the recorded sounds of her fucking, which was still going on, was in addition making her feel like a slut, especially as she heard herself fake one orgasm after another.

�I.. ms Brendan, if I sign this I agree to be paid for this like a prostitute. I mean, it was just my own husband...� She complained.

�Who happened to be my employee. And didn�t you do it because I told you to? Would you have fucked him so often otherwise? I told you to fuck my employee merciless, fuck with him day and night, the whole weekend. And you did as asked. That makes you already a �prostitute� if you think of it, whether you�re being paid for it or not.� Ms Brendan looked Donna in the eye with an arrogant look, daring her to contradict her logic. 

Donna�s mind raced, she didn�t want to sign, but if she didn�t all hell would break loose, and all the hard work in the weekend was done for nothing. She was sure of that. Gone would be the money, gone the free week, gone the Caribbean. �And it is just a small signature...�

Donna grabbed the pen on the table and wanted to sign the receipt. Ms Brendan smiled and stopped her, which made Donna sigh with relief at first. �She doesn�t want me to sign anyway...� was her first thought.

�Not so fast, Cutty.� Ms Brendan said faking friendliness �I do want you to really think about it, and really understand what you are signing. What you are agreeing to.�

�This invoice indicates as you mentioned you fucked and sucked a man as ordered. It also states you offered the services to my company. As you mentioned, it really officially makes you a prostitute, although I prefer to refer to it as call girl. Especially as there is no brothel involved, it was at the home of the client.�

�Ms Brendan...� Donna was perplexed by her statement.

�Shhh, be quiet and think about it. If you sign you are a call girl, no excuses. It was your husband, it was a kinky game we played, but the cold fact still is: you sign and you are a whore. And you are free to not sign these papers, although it will have it�s dire consequences.�

Donna still wanted to ask something but ms Brendan placed her finger on her lips, indicating she should be silent.

The two women sat beside each other silently with the voice recording filling the room with Donna�s fuck sessions with her husband. �My client� Donna thought bitterly.

�Signing will be a legal pitfall� Donna understood �She�ll use it in her books, for tax deduction or whatever, and when these are checked, they will come to me. And to explain it was with my own husband....�

�However, Robert will testify it was him, and that will turn it in just another kinky game. It will mean I�ll have to come clean with him, but eventually I must anyway. This can�t go on for ever. And what would be the chance of them looking, checking this invoice, between all the other thousands she has?� Donna�s mind raced as she convinced herself signing wouldn�t be so bad after all. Not compared to the immediate consequences if she didn�t. No jobs, the loans, and the additional loan for modifying the house, the public humiliation, probably a rough time with her marriage, if it held at all, and so on.

�If I sign, with part of the money we go on a vacation, and the rest I use to pay off ms Brendan, ending one loan next month, instead of after 6. And I can just wait for a better moment to stop this nonsense.�

�And if she keeps on paying for my sexual escapades with my husband I will make sure she goes bankrupt, and I�ll love doing it all the way!!� she smirked, making up her mind. �No, her scheming won�t get me down. I am too strong for her, and will show that. This signature means nothing, it�s just to scare me off more than anything else.�

�I�ll sign, ms Brendan.� Donna said confidently.

�Here you go.� Ms Brendan offered her the pen. Donna took it and signed the contract and invoice.

�One copy for me, and one for you.� Ms Brendan said �Better save them as you might need them sometime.�

Donna looked at ms Brendan questioning her remark. She knew she was serious, but wondered if it meant she would send for instance the inspection at her. �If she does, I�ll tell them it was with my husband, the dates are on the receipt, so Robert will back my story. Bring it on bitch!� she thought fiercely. But fear crept in too �But it means she can decide whenever this stops, or is she scheming something I don�t know right now?�

.

�Now I want to enjoy you some more, girlfriend� ms Brendan winked at the naked Donna. She was all smiles and was rather enthusiastically. 

It was a long time ago she called her girlfriend Donna noticed �Usually it is that annoying �Cutty�� It made her even more suspicious her signing wasn�t a good idea after all. But it was too late now.

�I want you to show me what you have learned so far from Ninon.� Ms Brendan continued, ignoring Donna�s wondering, suspicious looks at her. She grabbed a bag and gave it to Donna. It was full with dildo�s. 

Donna sighed, knowing what was expected of her, and looked for one with the size she was used to. She found the gel and started to grease up the dildo. That done she sat up, squatting, facing ms Brendan, and started to stick the dildo into her pussy. Due to the always present irritation it was by now constantly wet, so she didn�t had to work on her wetness. Actually, by only seeing the dildo�s her vagina started to produce extra juices, its irritated glands working overtime to produce more than they already did. The lubricated dildo glided inside her with ease. She smiled at ms Brendan as she spread her knees while she stood on her toes, squatting widely in front of her on the dildo. Donna held on to the back of the couch as her right hand pumped the dildo into her pussy. The sopping sounds of her vagina soon mingled with the tape recording still blaring into the room. 

Donna blocked out the disturbing tape as she focused on getting off. She expertly rubbed the dildo over he clit ever so often, and massaged her breasts and nipples at times with her other hand. After she picked up a steady pace she had no need to hold on to the couch all the time. She imagined it was Robert fucking her, although she didn�t forget to look at ms Brendan regularly, looking her straight in the eye as she was trained to do. Showing her she was indeed aroused. It was just as she had been practicing with Ninon. Every whimper she let out was taught to her, and she saw ms Brendan approved. She blocked out her anger, frustration, as she knew that would hinder her orgasm, she just focused on coming, and coming as trained.

Ms Brendan meanwhile really enjoyed the show, and fondled Donna�s breast, which&nbsp; Donna pushed forward if she saw the hand of ms Brendan approach, to give her better access.

�You have come a long way, my beauty.� Ms Brendan complimented �Your body is in top shape now. Gone is all the �housewife� fat.� Her hands caressed Donna�s nipples, her hips, her neck, shoulders. Donna responded with the trained sighs and movements. It was just as when she practiced with Ninon, ms Brendan moves were almost identical.

�Thank you, ms Brendan.� Donna didn�t forget to thank properly for a compliment given by ms Brendan.

�If you would need to improve now it would have to be surgical. This type of fat just comes with the ages, and the wrinkles starting to come out, the sagging breasts too. Breastfeeding is good for the baby, but awful for your figure!� ms Brendan smiled �But your overall picture is still terrific.� 

Donna orgasmed soon after the last compliment. She let out a loud cry and slumped forward. She enjoyed the few moments the tingling feeling went through her body. As it left her body after a while she took out the dildo and licked it clean, making sure ms Brendan clearly saw her sucking up her own juices. She ended the performance with a smile, and a clean shiny dildo held up in her hand.

�Bravo, you really did learn a lot!� ms Brendan said, as she clapped her hands arrogantly, humiliating Donna just a bit more. It made it clear to Donna it was a show, a trick she learned only to please ms Brendan, and although it took her weeks of training, practicing, it was clearly not something that really impressed ms Brendan.

Ms Brendan�s arrogant smile, attitude, reminded Donna of her true and awful situation �I�m really being trained to do tricks for her, and I have no way to avoid it, and it doesn�t even mean that much to her. How many times did ms Brendan have innocent women like me act for her?� She moved uncomfortably as she suddenly felt so naked. Here she was squatting naked on the couch of her husbands female boss, showing all her previously private areas, and even doing an obscene act with a dildo. �How humiliating!!� a wave of shame went through her body.

 �Now I am a little aroused, so Cutty, come between my legs and service me, the one you love so terribly.� Ms Brendan said, as she looked deep into the ashamed eyes of Donna. �She sees right through me. She knows how humiliated I feel right now, how low I feel....how week� Donna knew, and she sighed a deep sigh of surrender.

Humiliated, naked, Donna crawled off the couch to her and kneeled between her legs. She started to pull the nylons and panties down, Ms Brendan helped by lifting her legs up. Once the garment was gone Donna spread ms Brendan�s legs gently, and kissed her pussy lips. Ninon had trained her every night on how she had to lick ms Brendan�s pussy, it was now almost second nature to her. Luckily, as it allowed her to block out her depressing thoughts, and go on auto pilot. 

She was surprised to notice the swift reactions of ms Brendan�s pussy to her touches. It was already wet when she started, but as she obediently kissed it, licked it, and even softly bit the outer labia, she noticed the juices almost gushing out of ms Brendan�s pussy. She licked up all of it as trained.&nbsp; 

�Good, Cutty, very good.� Ms Brendan complimented her. Donna looked up while licking long strokes, and smiled. �Oh fuck, oh fuck me!� Donna thought as she noticed herself smiling �I�m trained, manipulated. I act just as they want me to, even smiling, even those small details are now an automatic reaction. They�ve changed my behavior. I should feel dirty, I should protest.�

�But I won�t. I won�t now, right now I�m defeated. It�s amazing how I�ve changed.� Donna wondered miserably, yet still licking �I would have refused this just a few months ago. Now I�m licking ms Brendan�s pussy as I have been trained without any remorse what so ever! Now it is just something I have to do, like doing the dishes. I�ve lost all of my inhibition against lesbian sex.� 

It took her much less time to get ms Brendan off than it usually took with Ninon. Donna actually was a bit surprised as ms Brendan grabbed her head, and pushed her deep into her pussy, and grinded her lips hard over her whole face. �Yeah, Cutty!� she exhaled �Oh yes!� and she let go of Donna. Donna slumped back to her kneeling position and just sat meekly looking at ms Brendan crumbling in front of her, enjoying her orgasm to the max.

Donna looked sideways to the answering machine still playing her fuck sessions. It was now by her Saturday night fuck session, one of the lasts, Donna knew. She pondered on her situation. Here she was, naked, obeying every order this powerful woman gave her, and degrading herself all the way. She has been trained to please her, and she was even modified somewhat to her liking. On top of that she was putting her family in danger the more she tried to protect them! 

She looked back at ms Brendan knowing her thoughts wouldn�t help her now. Now she had to focus on getting through this �session� keeping ms Brendan happy, very happy. �That gives me the money, and the vacation with my daughters. All the rest will cause problems� and Donna put on a smile again.

When ms Brendan finally opened her eyes she told still kneeling Donna to stand up.

�I want to see you, see how you have improved again.� 

Donna stood in front of her in the high heeled shoes. They made her legs look so much longer, and on top of that they were in great shape. It also made her ass and her breasts stand out. The chilly cold in the room gave her goose bumps, and her already erect nipples became even harder. 

�Turn around, Cutty.� Ms Brendan instructed. 

She really looked at Donna as some price horse, Donna felt, as she turned around slowly.

�Yes, you have improved.� She patted her on the ass �Turn back.�

Donna faced her tormentor again.

�Why do you train at the gym?� ms Brendan asked

�To improve my body.� Donna replied.

�No,� ms Brendan corrected �because I told you to go, because I wanted you to improve your body. Isn�t that correct Cutty?�

�Yes ms Brendan.�

�Why do you go to the spa?�

�Because you told me to ms Brendan.� Donna answered, knowing this was what ms Brendan wanted to hear.

�Why do you train yourself sexually?� 

�Because you told me to, ms Brendan.�

�Why did you fuck with your husband?�

�Because you told me to... Ms Brendan.�

�The piercing, why do you have it?�

�Because you wanted me to ms Brendan.�

�The cut overthere?� ms Brendan pointed to the cut at her pussy

�Because I didn�t do what you told me to, ms Brendan.�

�Why do you shave your pussy?�

�Because you told me to, ms Brendan.�

�The changes in your house?�

�Because you wanted them, ms Brendan.�

�Why do you work?�

�Because you told me to, ms Brendan�

�Okay, by now I think you got the picture.� Ms Brendan said �You�ll do whatever I tell you to, it is because...?�

�Because you want me to, ms Brendan.�

�No, my dear Cutty, think harder, and try again...�

�Because you... you�ll punish me severely if I don�t, ms Brendan?�

�Oh I will, but it is not the correct answer, try again...Why would you do everything I say?� 

�Because....Because I love you ms Brendan?� Donna tried.

�Right! Smart girl. Remember that. You follow me because you truly love me. And I choose you as my girlfriend because you are indeed a beauty.� Ms Brendan continued �Look at your hands, the fingers, long slender, your feet, the toes, beautiful lady like. Your long legs, your sizes, and on top of that a beautiful face.�

Donna felt better now she complimented her. Weird but true.

�I just had to let you get rid of some fat, and you turned into this beautiful sexy creature. Now I�m training you how to have sex. Before long you�ll be a true slut for me. You already lost a bit of shame, standing here naked, with your face covered in my juices.�

Donna listened, as the everlasting noise of her making out with Robert just continued to go on and on in the background. It made her feel like a real lowdown slut; the remarks of ms Brendan, and the noise of her weekend actions, the fact that she indeed is standing naked in her living room, playing along with her perverse game, looking like she has no shame at all.

�And as you signed off on the deal, you are now officially a whore too.� Ms Brendan reminded her �It�s just a confirmation of what we knew all along, and what you have been writing down in your diary: you are a perverted despicable slut, isn�t that right Cutty?�

Donna heard the remarks and felt deeply humiliated, but knew she had to get through it, go along with her game. She had been too much to give it up now.

�Yes ms Brendan.� She answered as she swallowed her anger, pride.

�Turn around, bend over and spread your ass cheeks.� Ms Brendan instructed.

Donna complied, happy the humiliating conversation was over. The humiliation of being fucked she could stand, but to have her own situation explained to her was too much. It hurt her deeply, it made her feel hopeless.

�Start masturbating, and finger your asshole.�

Donna did, seeing no alternative but to follow the perverted orders of ms Brendan.

�I want you to really see reality. You are a slut, a whore, and you�ll do everything I say. As long as that is understood you can keep your family, and a bit of that pathetic life of yours. But the true you will be the slut I chose you to be. The slut that is now masturbating herself, while smiling at me.� The latter was an instruction, and the humiliated Donna turned her head and smiled at ms Brendan, while a tear ran over her face of pure humiliation. She couldn�t hold them in anymore. 

�Good girl �ms Brendan complimented, ignoring her tears �You are such a slut. � She patted the ass of Donna.

�Here..� she threw the bag with dildo�s to her. �Choose the size with which you want me to fuck your ass. Choose wisely...�

Donna knew what ms Brendan wanted, she had to choose a dildo which would impress her tormentor. The nightly training however never were much focused on her ass. Yes she had an enema, and she fucked herself lately at night in her ass, but that was just to scratch that awful ever present itch. Which as she thought of it just became worse.

She picked a blue dildo, just a bit bigger than she was used to.

�Here, lubricate your ass.� Ms Brendan gave her a small jar with gel, while she took the dildo from Donna�s hand. As she screwed on the dildo to the strap-on she had put on underneath her business skirt. Donna lubricated her ass. Still standing bend over, still listening to her own noise through the speaker. On the recording she had an orgasm again, a fake one. But she was happy, relieved, ms Brendan didn�t force her to use a bigger dildo.

�It�s on auto repeat, so we�ll hear the first fucks and sucks too. You�ve been quit the whore Cutty. And so much faking! Poor Robert, he must think he is the man right now.� And with that she roughly entered Donna�s ass.

Donna screamed from the pain.

�A bit bigger than you�re used to, but again you satisfy me Cutty.� Ms Brendan complimented her. Donna really didn�t care, she just tried to adjust to the rough ramming she received. �Masturbate yourself Cutty, don�t slack!� ms Brendan ordered, grabbing on to the wriggling Donna.

Donna started to frantically finger herself. She hoped it would ease the pain, or at least please ms Brendan so she would be more gentle.

�Tell me how it feels slut!� ms Brendan said.

�It hurts, ms Brendan, it really hurts.�

�Is your fucking pussy wet?�

�Yes ms Brendan it is...� Donna answered �It is always wet lately, due to that irritation I have� she thought, in between the pain waves as the big dildo was pushed in.

�This is what I like my dear.� Ms Brendan said �A truly fucked up lady, both mind and body. That gets me off.�

�That, and inflicting pain, lots of it!� she pushed into Donna again with full force. 

Donna yelled out from the pain again. �Just like the weekend she raped me with that driver� she recalled as the dildo was pulled out.

�You have given yourself an enema right?� ms Brendan asked.

�Yes ms Brendan, I did.�

�You haven�t ass fucked my employee, right?� 

�No ms Brendan, OUCH!!� the dildo entered again into her ass. Donna rubbed frantically on her pussy, trying to get off, hoping it would bring relief. At least it would please ms Brendan.

�He doesn�t like ass fucking ms Brendan.� She blurted out.

�Well, than maybe you should teach him to like it?� ms Brendan replied

�Please no, don�t make me do that.� Donna cried and begged.

�I think you need a tattoo on your back, it is quite boring looking at you like this.� Ms Brendan changed the subject �A slutty tattoo here� she pointed to the area just above he ass �And it would have to be something saying like �please fuck my ass� or so.�

�No, please!!� Donna replied, horrified. 

Donna hung her head in defeat, crying both from pain and humiliation. She was being fucked in the ass, she was masturbating herself, she was in extreme pain, her own voice was shouting through the room from the damn speaker. And the remarks of ms Brendan terrified her. She didn�t want to be ass-fucked by her own husband, she didn�t like to be ass-fucked, she couldn�t understand how people could enjoy that despicable act. And a tattoo above her ass, she had seen those a lot by the porn stars, and she didn�t like it, and how would she explain it to her family. The piercing she has already gave problems. Robert doesn�t like it, and her daughters want one too now she has one. 

Ms Brendan came as she fucked Donna with a few hard thrusts, and as she enjoyed her climax she pushed Donna�s back down so her ass and pussy lips were clearly in her view to her. Donna frantically masturbated herself to an orgasm, which was much easier now the painful thrusting was over. Her orgasm brought her some much needed positive feelings. She enjoyed it as much as possible, trying to forget her surrounding for a short while. She wondered if this was what ms Brendan wanted, that she would use her orgasms to escape her real life. It would make her a true slut for sure.

�But I�m not a slut.� She decided as she recuperated from her orgasm, and reality sat in �I�m being forced into this, I need to find a way out, and until then I�ll just go along, I�ll have to.�

�Here.� Ms Brendan gave the recuperating Donna the sticky dildo she just removed from her strap on �Clean.�

Donna grabbed the dildo and looked at it for a moment. It was full of gel, and some undefined stuff from her ass. It smelled awful. She closed her eyes and forced it into her mouth as she knew she had to.

Ms Brendan undid the strap on and threw it into the bag with dildo�s. �That was great fun.� She looked down at the women who obediently was sucking the dirty dildo clean. �I am very satisfied with your progress.� She said again �But I want you to understand your situation. I like having sex as a dominant, humiliating, truly humiliating the woman, or women, I have sex with. So that means you�ll be humiliated over and over again, for my pleasure, and only for that.�

Donna looked up at ms Brendan as she licked the dildo clean of its last filth.

�The coming two weeks will be easy for you, vacation, just the average training. But then we�ll pick up where we left off, and you better be prepared, it�s going to be tough on you.�

Donna laid the clean dildo meekly back into the bag.

�You will be trained in new skills, and furthermore I want more participation from you, more involvement in your own humiliation. Just think about the things you would never do, and force yourself to do them.� Ms Brendan said as she zipped the bag close. �Now get up.�

Donna raised herself. Her ass hurt, and she was crying. She was close to her breaking point. She felt so utterly disgraced, and her situation was so hopeless.

�There, there.� Ms Brendan said as she whipped the tears from Donna�s face �You don�t need to cry. You know by now how I am, you knew already you were into a roller coaster ride with me. Here, clean my fingers.� 

Donna sucked the fingers of ms Brendan clean of her own tears. Ms Brendan fondled her breast again, and her thighs, her ass and her pussy.

�A beautiful whore you are indeed.� She said kindly �just take it one day at the time, and you�ll be just fine. And make sure I�m satisfied, and you�ll be. If it rains on the rich...�

Donna smiled through her tears. Not out of happiness, but out of sarcasm. �The bitch will make my life a living hell, and I�ll just have to be happy with the �left overs�. I�ll be humiliated, disgraced to the bone, and be happy with what, a vacation of a week? What kind of life will that be?�

�Ok, you go now, I have other work to do. Remember to write everything about this weekend in your diary. Be honest as usual. And enjoy your vacation my little whore.�

Donna was relieved it was over. After some hesitation she gently kissed ms Brendan. �I love you ms Brendan, and... thank you.� She said as sincere as she could. It was so awkward to thank the source of her problems for giving her more problems. So terribly awkward, but what else could she do?

Donna turned and she walked away on the white high heels. �Just get out of here, just go home� she told herself. Tears rolling over her face. She just couldn�t stop them. She never had felt so weird, so hopeless, ashamed, broken.

�You�re forgetting something.� Ms Brendan told her, and held out the signed contract, invoice, and the tickets. Her smile was another stab through Donna�s hart. She quickly walked back, whipping away her stream of tears, and took the papers that made her into a whore. �Thank you, ms Brendan� she muttered and walked quickly out of the room.

�Damn!!� she cursed inwardly as she noticed her clothes were missing. She had to go out in just her fur coat. Out into the cold totally naked in a luxury neighborhood. It was the final straw. She started to weep openly as she quickly put on the coat and walked outside. The slippery path made it impossible for her to run to her car, and she tried to walk as fast and elegantly as she could, not to draw any attention to herself. But she wept all the way to her car. Knowing ms Brendan was watching her and laughing at her situations. Inside the cold car she had to cry out a long time before she even could start the engine to heat up the car. �What an awful, hopeless situation!!� 

She started the engine finally and started to slowly drive away, back home. 











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.



Preparations for a Vacation



At home Donna took her time to dress up for work. She was still shaking from the emotions she had been through. It was awful to think of how she is treated as a sex object by some lesbians, how they played with her, how they constantly threaten her, how she was forced to admit she was a whore. On top of that she felt hurt as she thought how she treated her own family, how she neglected them, how she had hit her own daughter out of sheer frustration of her own situation.

And just now the neighbor looked at her funny as she had jumped out of her car in the short fur coat. Not only did she disapprove, but you could see her thinking, knowing Robert was gone. Just thinking about the gossip that would spread through the neighborhood was making her shiver. Her life was a mess, and would only get worse.

She poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down at the kitchen table. Still naked with just her coat and high heels on, her legs spread obscenely, but she didn�t care. She looked at the papers on the table. The contract, the invoice, the tickets. It felt like blood money somehow, as she went through them with her free hand.

�Too late to bring it back.� She thought �Maybe I should stop all of this and come clean?�. She pondered about it for a while. But as always she decided it wasn�t the right moment. �First I�ll have to at least make it up with Julie.� She figured �And for that I�ll need Trixy on my side. For that I�ll need some time. And these tickets will help me with that. I need them. After the vacation I will search for a way out...� 

She finished her coffee and stood resolute to make things better for her. She pushed away the doubts and fears she had �First work, than Trixy, than Julie. And than we�ll stop all this.�.

At work she called Trixy on her cell to ask her kindly to have a talk. Trixy reluctantly agreed. Donna knew from her reaction she was happy her mother had called. Trixy would go ok.

Work itself was great too. She was complimented by her boss and several colleagues. It seemed ms Brendan had told everybody she was very satisfied with her work. Donna enjoyed the compliments and the attention, even though she had her doubts what work ms Brendan was referring to. But Donna was herself very satisfied with her work up to now. All projects in which she participated were up to date with the necessary documentation: project reports, budget spending, she had all in order, even though she was working only half days. �Keep it up and you might be back to full time employment.� Her boss had even mentioned. 

All in all it was clear to Donna that it was so much better to be on the good side with ms Brendan. It was amazing how much power even the slightest compliment of her had. �She really has the power to make and break people with just a small effort. All her employees follow her whims to the letter.� Donna thought as she wiggled a bit in her chair. �My boss knows I�m doing a great job, but only when ms Brendan says so does she take action on it. She must be instructed like that. Does she know in what sort of situation I�m in?� 

Donna looked at the office of her boss. It was just besides hers. She pushed the chair back to think a bit while stretching her aching muscles. �She doesn�t look like her type, or like someone with a freaky life style as she has. But than again, Ninon looked like the average housewife, polite, a little bit timid, and look what she�s capable of...�

No she hadn�t figured out yet who of her surroundings, if any, knew of her escapades. �Maybe she really separates her personal life from work.� She thought, but dismissed it immediately �No, I am here because she placed me here, and I am definitely one of her private life �projects�. She just lets you wonder, be uncertain about who knows. It�s just another way to control me.�

She folded her legs tightly as that terrible itch in her pussy and ass came up again, forcing her to wiggle some more. Another reminder of her ordeal. She rolled back to her desk and picked up the phone �Have to call my doctor, �cause this is just not normal, then the bathroom...�

&nbsp; 

After work she went straight home. She had called for permission from Ninon to skip Gym, and Ninon agreed after she explained the situation. Donna knew Ninon was lenient with her because ms Brendan was happy �She probably got some reward too.� It was inevitable for her not to shake her head in disbelief as she considered her own situation. People being rewarded because they �trained� her to have sex with her husband on command. Let alone the act of this morning. She was amazed how similar to her nightly exercises the sex with ms Brendan was �She only came faster, and harder. Probably because I acted just as she likes, just as I was trained to do.�



Finally at home she had a small space of time on her own. She used it to freshen up and&nbsp; dress in something more comfortable than her business suite. And of course she took her time scratching herself. The itch in both her pussy and ass had been increasing all afternoon, and she just needed some relief. Her pussy reacted more and more violent to the itching, producing more and more juice. Her ass, well, when she looked in the mirror it didn�t look any different. But inside she felt like it was burning all over. Luckily she had an appointment early the next morning. She had insisted on it, as she wanted to get rid of it before she went on vacation. �I don�t want to have to explain these itches to some local doctor from the islands, that would be too embarrassing...�.

As for her clothing, she didn�t dare to slip into some of her �old� clothing. Fear Ninon might walk in and disapprove were keeping her. So she chose a silk slip, one of the few that was kind of decent, it was just short. At least it was covering her private parts, and she added it with a long satin robe making sure she was kind of normal. Of course she wore it with high heels, the ones ms Brendan gave her just this morning. She thought that if Ninon or Ms Brendan would pass by, that would please them, and she desperately wanted to stay on their good side. �Ridiculous� she just murmured to herself in the mirror. �I need to stop this soon, even if it means losing everything. I will lose my family if I don�t...� Yet she forced herself at the same time to apply make up too. Not too much just some liquid sponged over her face, some pink lipstick, and some light blue eye shadow. Her lashes and eyebrows she just painted black. �Not too much, so Trixy won�t mind too much, and not too little so Ninon can�t complain if she decides to barge in.� Donna didn�t really expect that to happen, but you could never know.

When she looked at the final result in the mirror it was a bit overdone. �I look like some madam of a brothel with this silk night gown, and the satin robe, the high heels...� she shook her head �Oh, how I wish I could just wear some of my old clothing, if I still had any...�

She went down stairs and pored herself a wine. She needed some alcohol before confronting her youngest daughter. She was nervous. It would be kind of her first time she had to really apologize for doing something way out of line as a parent, and on top of that, she couldn�t tell the truth to her, not the whole truth at least, so it would be like walking through a mine field. Trixy was a smart observant kid. And mouthy.

Trixy entered when she just finished her second glass. She shrugged from the cold and took off her winter clothing. Donna saw her looking at the fur coat hanging with the other coats. She knew Trixy was wondering what made her mom even buy such a whorish coat. And she knew she had recently used it too.

She walked into the kitchen and saw her mother waiting for her. 

�Hi mom.� She said, as she looked at the way her mother had dressed �...Expecting someone?�

Donna smiled, ignoring the remark about the way she was dressed. �Hi Trixy, come and sit, want something to drink?� She stood up to fetch something for her daughter.

�Some hot coffee would be ok...� Trixy said �It�s cold out there..� Trixy sat down still a bit shivering. Donna happily got some hot coffee for her daughter. She felt there was no real problem anymore between them.

�Here you go..� she said as she placed the hot coffee in front of her daughter. She sat herself down and took another sip of her wine. Just to give her some more courage. 

�So mom, what was that all about yesterday?� Trixy just blurted out as she sipped the hot coffee.

Donna was taken by the direct question, but than again, she knew her daughter, and could have expected it. She wasn�t like Julie who would wait for her to start.

�That�s what I wanted to discuss with you. I�m so sorry I lost it. I was under a lot of stress, have been lately, and it just exploded yesterday.�

�It was more like you wanted us out of the way all of a sudden.� Trixy replied.

Donna had thought of a correct answer to this question, but hadn�t really found a correct one, that is, one without sex in it.

�And you should have seen your face when Julie told you what she thought of your recent behavior� Trixy continued �You turned beat red, and just snapped.�

�Yes... � Donna agreed.

�You thought we didn�t know, hadn�t thought we had noticed your new image. And you didn�t want dad to know.�

�True. Some... knew things have happened to me...� Donna said, deliberately answering very slowly, wanting to hear what Trixy thought of the new Donna.

�Like the way you dress just now.� Trixy said �You never used to dress up at home, and why would you do now? Dad is gone, you�re just having a talk with me, your daughter.�

Trixy was on a roll �So we noticed you dressing up more, going out, the phone calls from all those men, you switching phone regularly, mom, even we sometimes don�t know what your number is!�

�You have changed the guest room into something really weird, just for Ninon, who is, on top of that, not really moving in. And who is she actually? She�s nice, don�t get me wrong, but why is she suddenly in our house? She�s not like your old friends at all.�

�For that matter, you don�t see any of your old friends anymore, grandma and grandpa have called several times for you, but you�re never here anymore.�

She looked her mom in the eye �The only good thing is you allow us more time to go out. But I have a feeling that is just because you are so busy with your own new life...�

�Now tell me the truth mom, you had some kind of bet going on about hitting on dad? �Cause you�ve been screwing him the whole weekend, and you wanted us away even on Sunday afternoon.�

A silence was in the room. Donna�s mind was racing as she looked at her daughter. She was actually proud she figured out so much. But she could not know the real truth, so what to say? Than she figured Trixy had given her a good way out herself, by suggesting a bet was going on.

�You are right. I had some kind of bet with Ninon, and I didn�t want to lose. But I should have told you girls, it was just kind of embarrassing.� Donna figured she could at least partially tell the truth.

�I thought so. When I discussed it with Tina she told me it was probably something like that. Her mother is doing those kind of bets too. It is the latest �in� thing you parents do. To spice up their boring love life.�

Donna had no idea who Tina was, and where she got those ridiculous ideas.

�It�s not that weird Trixy.� Donna said �Just a bet if I could have him a few times more than usual in the weekend.�

�But why be so stressie about it?� Trixy asked �Why didn�t you just tell us, your own daughters. We would have played along, given you guys your space.�

Another silence fell. Donna felt really stupid the more she thought about it. She tried to hide what was happening to her from her kids, while they were right under the same roof. They had to see things changing. She had to come up with some good excuses. Ones that left Robert out of the scheming. 

Meanwhile Trixy just went on, obviously loving the fact she finally could ask her mother all about what was going on. �And the clothing mom. You dress up much more lately, why? I mean for work I figure the business suites are ok, but you are so much sexier, and I didn�t knew women had their second youth too? Look at you now. This is just beyond what is normal. Another bet with Ninon?�

Donna smiled embarrassed, not knowing anymore what to say. 

Trixy shook her head. �It is a bit ridiculous. And what about the men that are calling? Are you going with them, cheating on dad?�

�No!� Donna answered forcefully �I don�t cheat on your father. It is just ....� she stammered a bit �... thrilling to see,.. know,.. I still have it... You must understand, it has been a long time since I have been going out. Going out alone. It...� Donna�s mind was racing, she saw as only escape to her situation her diary: if she just kind of followed the stories within that book of lies, she could make it believable. It was believable according to ms Brendan and Ninon, so why not to her daughter? �... It is just new to me to flirt with men so much.... When I went out with Ninon she kind of pushed me to try it, and... Well, with my experience in years I turned out to be rather successful.� She looked at her daughter to see of she bought it. It looked that way �And well, with the alcohol... It just made me make some slip ups. The wrong men get my number, and I don�t want that, so I switch phones.�

�Don�t you think you are overdoing it not just a bit?� Trixy replied. �I mean, once, maybe twice, but lately you have switch what, 5 or 6 times from phone? And still you go out.�

�It is kind of addictive.� Donna admitted �And Ninon is fun going out....� which she actually was, Donna recalled. If only she didn�t push her every time to go further and further with the men.

�And you forbid us to go out, warn us about alcohol, men.� Trixy smirked.

�Well, then you understand why I didn�t want you to know about it. I was afraid for this reaction. How can I make my daughters understand it is wrong, when I am doing it myself?�

�Worse.� Trixy corrected �You like it, love it, don�t you mom?�

Donna felt trapped again. �...Well, yes... but...� she stammered. She actually didn�t like it at all, she always worried about her marriage, what her daughters would think, and it was just against her nature to flirt so much with men.

�No buts, you love it. And that�s a fact.� Trixy interrupted. She was so in awe with her power of the situation. Donna could just see her enjoying her mothers predicament. 

�Ok, you�re right, but it doesn�t mean you girls can do the same. I have some self control, you are just pray to those men.�

�Mom, we�re not stupid you know.�

�No, I�m serious Trixy. I love you girls so much, and I wouldn�t want you to get hurt. And I don�t mean just heart broken. Men can be vicious. Especially those in the bars, and preying on girls like you, who think they know it all.�

�Mom, don�t try to turn this on to me. You are the one doing the strange things. You are married, and go out flirting with men. I don�t think that is such a good example for us. And honestly, I am afraid what will happen when dad finds out....�

�I am too.� Donna admitted �I am too, that�s why I was so angry and afraid when Julie started to shout all her findings at me. You�re dad was right there in the shower!!�

Trixy was thinking about it �Well, I guess I now understand your reaction a bit better, mom. But was it really necessary to hit Julie like that?�

�I have been going to the gym, I just didn�t knew my own strength, and hit her way too hard. I didn�t aim for the nose.�

�Hmm.� Trixy sipped from her coffee again.

�And what is happening with the guest room?� Trixy switched subject.

�Another embarrassing subject� Donna sighed. She had hoped she could switch the story to the trip to the Caribbean, and to getting Julie to forgive her. But Trixy wasn�t totally satisfied yet. She wanted to know everything now she had a chance.

�Why are you refurnishing it? Why like that?�

�It was Ninon�s idea, and it seemed ok at the time. It came out a bit too much...�

�So you agree it looks like some whore house room?� Trixy inquired&nbsp; �It doesn�t look like anything Ninon would like.�

�But than again she does know Tina�s mom..� Trixy added.

Donna looked at her daughter intently. She now got suspicious about this Tina, and her mother. If she knew Ninon, she might know ms Brendan too, and it would mean her daughter was hanging out with the wrong crowd.

�Who is this Tina?� she inquired.

�First the room, don�t try to change the subject mom. I asked first.� Trixy said.

�Well, we both kind of designed it, and we got a bit carried away.� She tried to explain �And by now it is too late to change. I hope to place some plants and flowers inside the room, to make it less bizarre.� The latter was true at least, Donna thought.

�And what is the new purpose: what exactly is going on during your nightly escapades to that whore room?�

�Let�s keep calling it the guest room, please.� Donna corrected Trixy. She didn�t want her to use that vulgar language with her.

�We take kind of a night cap, have a review of the day. Ninon likes that, and I want to please her as much as possible. She�s a good friend, and needs some help...� She hoped that would satisfy her daughter.

�Just that?� Trixy asked still suspicious. She looked her mother in the eye, searching for the truth.

�She suspects worse, but hopes what I just said is all.� Donna knew. 

�Yes, just that.� She answered with confidence. She still could read her daughter like an open book.

�Ok....� Trixy just said. She was out of questions finally.

�Look...� Donna said lovingly �I do have a surprise for the both of you. Kind of to make it up. Not for the fight so much, but more because I have been neglecting you both lately.�

She pushed the tickets towards Trixy, who looked pleasantly surprised. Trixy opened them and started to smile when she saw the destination. �The Caribbean!!!� she said out loud �We are going to the Caribbean with the holidays!!!�

�Yes, we wanted always to go, and now I�m working I could save some money.� Donna lied. �You want to go?�

�What about dad?� Trixy asked while she admired the tickets.

�He has to work unfortunately...Ms Brendan told me. You know, his boss.� She explained �And it will also mean we won�t visit the grandparents. And I don�t think they will join us in the Caribbean.�

�Oh, mom, I don�t care!� Trixy said enthusiastic. �The Caribbean... It�s soooo great to go there.�

Donna smiled, and relaxed. She had won over Trixy. She had one daughter back.

Trixy couldn�t sit down anymore, she just jumped up and hugged her mother, and kissed her on the cheek. �Thank you, thank you, this is great!� she shouted. Than she stood still for a moment, thinking �I�ll have to tell all my friends!� she said and barged out of the kitchen up to her room.

Donna finished her wine very satisfied. �When she is finished telling all her friends, she�ll have her talk with Julie, who should be home by then, and after that talk I�ll apologize.�

She stood up after a few minutes to move to the living room and watch some television. It would enable Julie to enter the house and avoid Donna. Donna knew that is what Julie wanted right now.

Indeed when Julie entered she avoided Donna. Donna pretended to be watching the television, but she knew Julie was peeking into the living room, before silently going upstairs. As she hoped she heard her knock on Trixy�s door, and go in. That was going alright up to now. 

What did worry Donna was the time Julie entered: almost 10 o�clock. Way too late for Monday night. �But she probably hoped I would be out again with Ninon by this time� Donna figured.

She listened intently as she heard the girls make exciting noises after a while �The tickets are shown� Donna smiled. Trixy was doing her part in patching up perfectly. �Now she�ll call her friends to tell them about the trip. Time for me to wait a few hours, let her go into bed, and then go in and have a talk. After that the vacation will heal the rest.�

Donna just relaxed and watched some television. It had been a long time since she felt so relaxed. Work ok, her family in order, ms Brendan happy, Ninon happy, everybody nice to each other. �I�m getting everything back under control.� She smiled as she stretched herself on the couch.



Later that night when she was sure Julie was in bed falling asleep she walked upstairs. She knocked on Julie�s door, and as she expected it was not locked. She opened it slowly.

�Julie?� she whispered into the dark room.

�Hmmm?...� Julie muffled back, obviously almost asleep.

�Julie, can I talk to you for a sec?� she said as she entered the room, and closed the door behind her.

�If you must...� Julie replied. 

Donna smiled. She knew her daughter, if she didn�t want it all hell would have broken loose by now.

�Listen� she said as she moved to the bed in the dark �I want to apologize about last night. I was way out of line. It won�t happen again.�

She got a silence response.

�Look, by now you have spoken to Trixy. I �explained� her the situation I was in. But you should understand better what I was going thru. Your father is a very, how would you say, cautious man. He puts everything aside for work, and I agreed with that. I have always supported him through the years. But these last weeks I have been kind of naughty, I did things I knew Robert would disapprove, simply because of what other people �might� think. But it was harmless fun.� Donna fell silent for a moment. She thought of what she was saying. Would her daughter buy the lies?

�So... so when you started to shout all you�ve seen of me in the past weeks with your father so close, I panicked, and you just wouldn�t stop, I... I�m sorry.� She sat down on the bed and squeezed the leg under the sheets softly.

�Mom... I�m dead tired. I appreciate you coming in here and trying to explain what you did. I just don�t feel like talking to you right now. Maybe tomorrow, or later...�

Donna smiled. She knew it would take a few days, but Julie would forgive her. She stood up and walked silently out of the room. On her way out she saw the ticket of Julie lying on her desk. The light coming in from the door shone right on it. �She appreciates the ticket, thinks it is to make up...� Donna thought as she closed the door silently behind her �Good night.� She said softly to Julie, who just murmured something back. �Well, let�s consider it a make up ticket from now on.� Donna thought as she happily walked down stairs. She wanted to finish her evening doing nothing. Tomorrow would be another busy day.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



The next morning she woke up early and hurried to the bathroom. She wanted to do her morning chores before the girls woke up, so she could make breakfast for them. With Ninon not their she also had to bring them to school. Donna bent over and inserted the enema tube. As by now normal she used the tube to scratch the itching inside of her ass too. The itch reminded her she also had an appointment with the doctor. As she felt her stomach fill she brushed her teeth and cleaned her face. The last part she had to bent all the way down, but by then she was finished with her face anyway. She pushed in her butt plug and got up. With her belly filled she went under the shower and washed herself. She washed her hair too: it wasn�t necessary anymore to be careful with the curls. They had done their job.

After the shower she sat down on the toilet, removed the butt plug, and just let everything flow. Next she cleaned up, and stood up.

By now she had to hurry: as the doctor lived next to ms Brendan there was a good chance she would walk into her, and thus she needed to make herself picture perfect. She therefore had to take her time to oil her body, shave her legs, her arm pits, and of course, her vagina. As she worked on it she noticed how her juices were flowing. Her vagina was reacting to every touch by producing more of it. This was what was worrying her the most. It was not normal how much fluids it was producing as a reaction to the itch, and to the touches. Even the thought of a dildo made it produce more fluids.

She oiled her body all over, and started to dry her wet hair. Luckily it was short so that was no real problem. Next she combed it, and by the time she set down to makeup her face, the oil had sunk nicely into her skin. She actually loved taking care of herself this way. Paying so much attention to her own body was relaxing. And it made her look good too. �If only they didn�t force me to go for the slutty look.� She thought as she watched herself in the mirror �Just my old self but a bit improved would have been perfect.�. But now she found her skin too dark, her hair color not her style, and as she applied the makeup it was just too much, too thick, too visible.

She used some liquid base on a sponge and applied it heavily. She mesmerized she never had liked it when she saw other people with thick make up, and here she was applying it exactly that way to herself. The only good thing was it kind of covered her wrinkles, but she always had been proud she had so few at her age. 

Once the base was applied she started on her eyes. She was going for a blue shade this time, and applied it in various shades, as she had just recently learned. The eyebrow she had to shave again, and then she darkened it. The end of her eye lids she darkened, together with the eye lashes. It made her eyes stand out beautifully.

True, it was a sophisticated slut she saw looking back at her, but a slut none the less.

And the underwear she had to wear was the cherry on the cake. It was covered by her blue business suite, but she knew what she was wearing, and why. The skimpy lace panty barely covered her private part, actually just drew attention to them, and the push-up bra made her breast stand out too much.

She looked at herself as she switched shoes, off went the plastic high heeled pumps she was using to shower and dress up, and on went the black high heels, completing her business attire. The heels were also just a bit too high, but it was the way ms Brendan and Ninon liked them. She paraded in front of the mirror looking at herself in her blue business suite with white blouse, and her heavily made up face. She knew she was looking how they wanted her to, yet she couldn�t bring herself to feel comfortable with it. She dreaded the moment one of her former friends would see her and ask her about the changes. She feared she wouldn�t be able to convince them she did this on her own, and next they would start to check her out, and she didn�t want that. Didn�t need that. Not now. That�s why she avoided meeting with them, didn�t return their calls, didn�t show up at the usual gatherings. �I need to solve things by myself first.� Donna told herself as she straightened up in front of the mirror �And I can do that, I will do that!�. 



She went downstairs to fix breakfast for the kids. By now she heard them busy with showering and getting dressed. After breakfast she would bring them to school, and then she would go to the doctor. She sighed from relief by the thought alone. This time the doctor would not be able to send her on her way without some proper medicine.

She prepared a kind of special breakfast, just another way to proof to the girls she really was sorry, and wanted to make up for it. Some hot tea, some vegetables, bread, and corn flakes. She also laid some additional money on the table, so the girls could buy something extra at school. She arranged the tables nicely, placing the girls� plates just&nbsp; like when they were young.

She was already cleaning up the kitchen when the girls came running down.

�Wow, you�ve really outdone yourself mom!� Trixy said as she saw the table. Julie just silently sat down, and started to eat some of the vegetables. Just like all the kids her age she was quite concerned about her weight, and refused to eat milk and other foods with too much fat to her liking.

Donna silently joint them as they ate. She had only fruit too, only she did it because she was told to. Told to be on a diet. But truth be told, as it made her body perfect, she didn�t mind anymore. She was by now used to eating less, and exercise more anyway, and the results were more than satisfying. A good looking body, and she felt more in shape. Now she finally had a moment to consider this she actually had to admit she felt wonderful. She was now for the first time really rested, at ease, and not too much in a rush, and she just felt how her body was improved, she felt healthy.



�Delicious mom.� Trixy said when she was finished. Julie said nothing, but Donna saw she enjoyed the breakfast supreme too.

�We have to get going, I have an appointment at 10:00 all the way at the other side of town.� Donna said as she finished her last grape. She collected the plates and just placed them in the sink. �Come on, hurry, hurry.�

The girls stood up and collected their coats and bags, and the team went out into the car.

When she dropped off Trixy she tried to see who this Tina girl was. She saw a girl walking up to Trixy and next they jumped hysterically. Donna reckoned she was Tina and Trixy just told her again she was going to the Caribbean. She observed the girl but didn�t notice anything unusual. It was just an average girl, with average light brown hair, kind of like Trixy�s. 

�Hurry up mom.� Julie told her, and she immediately started to drive. She looked into her rear view mirror trying to get one more glimp of this Tina. 

�I�ll have to meet her when she is over at our house, I will tell Trixy I want to meet her.� She decided. �Than I can see who Tina really is.� But she was happy the girl looked normal, like a normal teenager. No kinky wardrobe, no signs of ms Brendan. 

She dropped off Julie who left the car muttering a �Thanks�, and was alone once again. She watched Julie walk into her school as she wondered how her life had changed. She used to love bringing the kids to school, and was really involved in their education. Lately she was just pushing them out of the car because she always was in a hurry. And rarely that was because of work. She put the car in drive and drove away. It was no use daydreaming, not with that itch coming up again.



As she drove up the street of ms Brendan she felt creepy. A kind of fear took over as she felt she was being watched. She nervously parked the car in front of her new doctor. She hoped her attire was to ms Brendan�s likening, and she inspected herself several times before she got out. They could be looking at her.

As she got out she remembered to do it elegantly, and she walked remembering to keep a straight back, cross her legs when walking, and swing her hips and arms. It was the cat walk she had learned and she knew ms Brendan would want her to see her use it, especially now she was parading in her street.

She rang the bell and stroke a pose, hip out to the side, one leg straight, the other a bit wide, her hand on her hip and the other straight down. As if she had reached the end of the cat walk. Showing of her clothing to ms Brendan, if she watched. And though she was nervous, from the outside she looked arrogantly. She checked the street, and tried to peek into ms Brendan�s house, but saw nothing.

The buzzer went and she was let into the doctor�s house. 

She shrugged off the cold as she walked into the waiting room.

�She�ll be right with you.� The nurse behind the desk said.

Donna looked around and saw nobody was waiting for the doctor. That was good. She sat down and picked up some doctor�s magazine, and flipped through it&nbsp; uninterested. 

Finally after about a good fifteen minutes the doctor�s office door opened and a woman a bit younger than her came out. Donna observed her and saw immediately she was in the same situation as she was. Maybe worse. 

She was also wearing high heels, but higher than Donna�s. She wore a business suite just like Donna, but her skirt was shorter, much shorter, showing much more of her legs. Too much. The short skirt ended just above her brown stockings, showing the final garment as she walked, and thus a bit of her own flesh. Her coat covered much of her upper body, but Donna could see her blouse had a deep V-cut, showing her large, pushed up breasts. And of course as a&nbsp; trade mark of ms Brendan her face was heavily made up.

True, it looked still acceptable, but to the trained eye you could see she had an abnormal amount of make up on her face. Her eyebrows were shaven off, and a thin black line was painted to replace them. Her eyes were done with several shades of eye-shadow, it glittered in the electrical light. Her eyelashes were long, black, and fake. Her lips were a bright shiny red. Her face plastered with thick layers of base. 

Her hair was obviously colored into a platinum blond, and she wore it straight to the back, in a knot. With her long earrings she had a snobbish, hot look, if not slutty. But what stroke Donna the most was her eyes: they were wet. Obviously she hadn�t gotten good news. But also those eyes were belonging to a different personality than her looks were showing. Donna felt she knew exactly how the lady felt, she felt the same when she was forced to wear ever more revealing clothing.

As the woman passed her on her way out she felt sorry for her. She watched her as she took some deep breaths before straightening up and opening the door. Ms Brendan could be watching, Donna understood.



�The doctor will see you now.� The nurse said from her desk, waking up Donna from her thoughts.

She stood up and walked to the white door the other lady just came out. 

Upon entering the female doctor was sitting behind her desk going through some papers.

�Donna. Please have a seat.� She gestured Donna to sit opposite from her at her desk. �What can I do for you?� she asked as Donna sat down.

�I still have that itch.� Donna said �It is just getting worse....�

�Hmmm...� The Doctor said. She suddenly looked kind of annoyed at Donna, which made her feel uncomfortable. An awkward silence fell in the room.

�Look..� the doctor finally said, as she played with her ballpoint, tapping it on her desk. �We all know why you have that itch in those places.�

�Pardon?� Donna said surprised.

�Well, it�s your life stile.� The doctor explained. �If you have an itch in your vagina, and in your behind, you would expect you would give them a rest. But from what I�ve heard from ms Brendan you actually stepped up your sexual escapades. Trying to break a record last weekend, selling sexual favors, becoming some kind of a secret whore.�

Donna was thunderstruck. Not only did she knew of her escapades, but she pretended as if she did it out of her own free will. Donna thought she was one of the few people who knew the real situation, and above all, who at least felt sorry for her. Now it turned out she either didn�t know what was really going on, or maybe even was a part of it, and played the game along.

�I...� Donna tried to say something, but was lost for words. She just looked with big surprised eyes at her doctor.

�I even more dislike the fact you are betraying your husband, your family. You seemed the proper housewife, faithful, trustworthy. But you really are just one big slut.�

She opened up the dossier of Donna �It should be no surprise to you ms Brendan let me read some of your stories from&nbsp; your diary, which you shared with her. She had to as I couldn�t belief you actually offered your sexual services to her.� She looked again at Donna with a disgusting face.

�To think I felt pity for you when I first met you. I thought you was a woman who was just way in over her head, but... you really are something!�

She glanced into the dossier again �Let me explain what is in store for you. As a prostitute you�ll need to come by every week to check for any VD, especially if you want to be on the short list of Ms Brendan. I do all her hookers she uses, as I have the results faster than anyone else, making the chances of her party girls infecting her clients minimal. On some parties I even check immediately before, and report the results before the hookers are set free to roam the party.�

Donna couldn�t belief her ears, she had expected to pay a brief visit and get some medicine to relief her from her itches, and now she was being told she had to have a regular VD check. Suddenly she was considered a common prostitute, a call girl which was used by ms Brendan to service her clients. How could ms Brendan tell this to her Doctor? Was she believing it for true, or playing along? Donna couldn�t figure it out. The whole situation just overwhelmed her. She never expected this story to leak. Not like this.

�As you are both an employee and a whore you must understand by the way that the normal secrecy of what is going on in this room, in your body, does not hold. As you are a whore I need to report everything to ms Brendan, as stipulated in every contract she has with your type.� The doctor continued.

�Everything..?� Donna asked back absent minded, still too busy comprehending her situation.

�Everything. If not she voids your contract, and you wouldn�t want that, now do you?�

This question made Donna�s mind work real hard. It was a moment she could come clean, and just be done with it, and let the truth come out. But she couldn�t figure out if her doctor was for real, and didn�t know she was lied to. And if she acted it was obvious that telling the whole truth would just bring her all the problems she tried to avoid. But if she agreed with her now, it would mean that even if she was unaware, she would belief ms Brendan�s story, and her story of being a whore was out. 

Donna shook her head slowly. Her mind was going over her new situation. How she was now considered to be a real prostitute. But she didn�t want to have her story out on the street just yet. She figured, as she had so often done lately, it wasn�t the right time. She had to go along with ms Brendan�s scheme for now. And she had concluded the doctor was in it. She just had to be. She remembered how she knew about ms Brendan�s life style, and thus she couldn�t possibly not know what was going on. �How could I not see she was the enemy? It was so stupid to transfer my family to her, I played exactly into their hands once again!� 

�Didn�t think so. It would mean no more pleasure vacations like the one you�re going on next week.� The doctor smirked to Donna, seemingly oblivious to Donna�s mind set&nbsp; �And now you want me to fix you so you can party in the Caribbean while your poor husband is working his ass of.�

Donna felt sick, emotionally she wasn�t up to this, not after all she went through already. And the doctor just new too much. She hadn�t expected to be humiliated like this.

�Please...� she said �Just look if anything is wrong, and give me something. If I can�t use my vagina for a while give me a letter so I can ask for a few weeks off. But just please fix it.� 

She sighed. �Just don�t fuck with my mind anymore� she thought wearily, but didn�t say that out loud.

She wondered if her secrets were still safe. Was ms Brendan telling everyone everything she did to her? And the way she brought it was just a big lie, but she had the signed papers. Would she now have to succumb to the wimps of the doctor too? She didn�t look like a lesbian. Would she treat her family, her daughters differently now? She just had the whole family transferred to her. On Ninon�s advice! It was all a set up, they were all playing with her! 

�Undress.� The Doctor instructed coldly.

Donna automatically stood up and she started to take of her coat �Everything?� she asked. Her mind was still spinning around, thinking of her future, and she didn�t really care about her current predicament anymore. 

�For now you only need to drop your skirt and your panty, I just need to check your private parts down there.� The Doctor replied �But when you are back from hopping all the natives you report back to me early in the morning for a full check. Then you�ll strip completely, don�t worry.�

The cold answer was another dagger into Donna�s hart. But although she felt like crying she braced herself and just dropped her coat on the chair, and loosened the belt of her skirt. As she dropped the skirt she saw the Doctor looking at her under garment, disapproving. She felt humiliated as she herself looked and had to agree it was slutty, whorish. If she really didn�t know what was going on the lace small panty gave her a confirming message. As if Donna was prepared to undress for a �client� at any time.

Donna smiled nervously as she wriggled the panty down. She really didn�t know what kind of behavior, act, was right at the moment. She rolled down her stockings after she laid her panty on her chair. Next she took off her coat and unbuttoned her blouse. Revealing her lace push up bra.

�I told you only the skirt and panty.� The doctor remarked.

Donna blushed as she stopped undressing and turned to her doctor. She was so busy with her situation in her mind she totally went into automatic pilot, and was embarrassed to find out that meant undressing totally. �I am already acting like a slut.... undressing so easily...� It was more the fact the doctor thought so lowly of her it made it so bad, else it could have been a normal mistake. Now it all just added to the list of perverted actions.

�Okay, we don�t have much time, I don�t have much time, just climb on top of this desk, and squat before me, so I can have a look.� She instructed. She pulled aside some papers, making room for Donna. �I don�t want to set up the other room for such a simple inspection like this.�

Embarrassed Donna waited for a few seconds, not believing she was really expecting her to climb on top of her desk. But as she saw the doctor making space she knew she was serious.

The doctor looked up and saw Donna hesitating. �Look� she started �Just jump up on this table and get it over with. I don�t want to install the chair in the back just for something which I already now what it is, how it happened, and how it should be cured.�

�It�s just to make sure it is not something else, which I think is a very, very remote possibility.�

Donna sighed, as she lately so often did before giving in anyway. She walked up to the desk and hopped on, and positioned herself squatting in front of her doctor. It was odd, but she had positioned herself like this numerous times lately, and for worse acts than a physical inspection.

She saw the doctor shaking her head in disapproval again, and wondered what she had done wrong. Should she have refused? But then she saw what she was looking at. She had put her shoes back on! It was so normal for her to do everything with her heels on, she just simply had stepped back into them, and now she was squatting in them like some slut in front of her doctor. Again the wrong impression, and she began to understand how she had learned a new behavior during the past months. It was worse than she had imagined... 

�Let me see....� the doctor just said as she pulled on a plastic glove, and took a small wooden stick to inspect her vagina.

As the stick touched the inner side of her vagina, and the doctor held her lips aside with her hands Donna felt her body reacting automatically. The position she was in wasn�t helping either. Her vagina started to lube up, preparing it for the fuck it was expecting to get. Also the sticking and gently stroking caused her itch to increase. Even her ass started to itch incredible as a result. Donna bit her lips as the doctor continued, and she knew she must notice her juices flowing.

�Quite a reaction we got going here.� The doctor finally said as she took out the wooden wet instrument, and fetched another dry one. The coldness of the remark made it all the more embarrassing&nbsp; for Donna. 

And of course on top of that a phone call came in. She saw her doctor looking up annoyed, but picking up the phone anyway. On speaker phone as her hands were busy. Donna just sighed �Just my fucking luck, somebody calling now...�

�Who is it?� the doctor asked.

�Julie something�&nbsp; The nurse explained

�Ok put her through.�

�Hello Julie...� the doctor said said. Donna looked surprised down, was it her Julie? 

�Hi ms Dow....� Julie�s voice!

�What is the problem?� the doctor asked as she quickly picked up the phone and took it off speaker phone. Obviously she didn�t want to have Donna know what was going on with her daughter.&nbsp; 

A long answer followed, and all the while the doctor kept the new spoonlike object inside Donna�s vagina. She wasn�t really moving it, but even the small movements she did make with her hand, and the movements Donna made as she got tired of her position on the bureau made her vagina react more and more. She felt her juices were about to flow out of her vagina.

A knock on the door and the nurse entered with some papers. Donna jumped a little from surprise, and looked embarrassed over her shoulder to the incoming nurse. As expected the nurse was a bit taken by the scene in front of her, but the doctor gestured her to hurry up, and so she walked up behind the desk and gave her a dossier.

Donna looked down in embarrassment and her mind went through all that was happening again. And she was curious what Julie wanted from the doctor. Was it a coincidence she was calling now? She couldn�t believe that. But if it was not, it meant Julie was also somehow involved! What she feared the most, and was hard trying to avoid might already have happened, if Julie was also drawn into this web of deceit!

�No, � Donna recuperated �That can�t be the case, she hasn�t changed so much. This must be something else. I�m not thinking straight right now.�

�Ok, but you know I have to take it up with your parents...� The doctor said to Julie.

As Donna looked at her to find out what she was talking about she also noticed the nurse was still waiting for the doctor to finish whatever she had to do with the dossier she had brought in, and which was now lying just below her. 

She saw the smile on the face of the nurse. The young lady was laughing at her. She just could see her thinking �What a stupid dumb slut.�, and she was right. Donna especially felt dumb. She looked ridiculous, and with that wooden spoon inside her she didn�t even dare to move. The doctor was too busy with the phone, and she was afraid if she would do anything to cover herself up she would be in trouble with ms Brendan. And she didn�t even know that for sure. �Fuck� Donna thought to herself �I am now already afraid just of the thought she might tell ms Brendan. What if she is not involved at all? Than she wouldn�t tell, and I should cover myself up, jump of this desk, demand to be looked at in the other room. Demand to be treated with respect...� But she knew she didn�t dare to act that way. She desperately wanted to walk on the safe side for now.

The nurse kept openly looking at her. She even looked her straight in the eye, and Donna had to look down. She observed herself, the unbuttoned blouse, the exposed push up bra, her tits sticking out, with hard nipples. Her legs spread, her shaved pussy exposed. Her outer lips were pushed aside by the spoon and it gave them a clear view of her pink flesh.&nbsp; And she was leaking! She was leaking on the dossier!

�Donna!� the doctor exclaimed as she just hung up the phone and saw her leaking too. She pulled the dossier away from the leaking pussy.

�Can�t you just.... � she didn�t finish the sentence, obviously she was going to say something insulting, and could just hold it in.

She took a tissue and carefully tried to remove Donna�s liquid from the dossier. The nurse also helped, trying to lessen the damage. She was openly giggling now. Donna felt her blood rushing to her face, �I�m... I�m sorry, ... I� she muttered trying to excuse herself.

�Please...� the doctor said holding up her hand, obviously furious, and not in the mood for excuses. She breathed a few times trying to catch herself again.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

�Ok..� She said as she looked at the dossier. �The damage seems to be not that big.�

�I�ll just retype the first pages.� The nurse said with a wicked smile on her face. Donna really started to dislike the woman. She was mean. 

�Thank you...� the doctor said, and she turned her attention to Donna once again. She picked up a new wooden spoon after throwing the soaked one away. �Let�s finish this...� 

She peeked into her vagina, who was by now producing juices like crazy. There was nothing Donna could do about it. The doctor pulled a plastic bowl underneath her to catch it.

�Okay, turn around let me check your ass.� She said as she withdrew the spoon from her vagina.

Donna reluctantly turned, and bent over on her knees to give her free access to her ass. As she did and grabbed the side of the top of the desk she noticed the nurse at the door still looking at her. Still having that big smile on her face.

Donna turned her face down and concentrated on keeping her ass exposed for the doctor. Trying to forget the stupid nurse. She heard the door open and close, and she sighed a relief. �That bitch is gone.�

In the mean time the doctor was sticking another wooden spoon in her ass, opening her up. She had to fight the urge to wiggle her asshole around the sticks, just to scratch herself. 

�The itch is terrible...� she muttered as she felt the doctor poke around, checking her inside.

�It is quite irritated.� The doctor confirmed �What have you been sticking in you?�

Donna wasn�t sure she was supposed to answer the question.

�Just...just some dildo�s, and ... and I give myself an enema almost every morning...�

�Hmmm.� The doctor said as she silently looked around some more.

�Okay, you can get up.� She finally was finished with her exam. 

Donna crawled off the table as fast as she could. Her pussy and ass itched even more right now. She had to scratch a bit, and she used her dressing up to secretly scratch herself both in her pussy and ass.

�You have a very large allergic reaction in both orifices. It�s not an infection, yet.�

The doctor explained as Donna got dressed. �Something you push inside there causes an allergic reaction. You�ll have to figure out what. Can you give me an idea of what you�ve inserted up to now? Something you probably didn�t insert before.� She was writing down a prescription.

Donna sighed �I think it is the dildo�s I�m using now.� She looked embarrassed at the Doctor.

�That could be it, an allergic reaction to the rubber.� The doctor agreed �Can you stop using dildo�s for a while?�

Donna looked at her thankfully. How she wanted to have her say this! �Yes, of course!� She replied enthusiastically. She sat up on her chair, eagerly awaiting the doctor to give her a letter describing her situation.

�Ok, that�s settled, no dildo�s for a few weeks, and see if it helps.� The Doctor just said, and she smiled at Donna, handing her the prescription. 

When she saw Donna hesitating she looked at her suspicious �What is wrong?� she asked Donna.

�I.. I was expecting a letter too.� Donna replied uncertain.

�Just stop with the dildo�s for a while.� 

The doctor obviously didn�t understand, or didn�t want to understand. Donna bit her lip as she got ready for the next humiliating scene.

�It�s for my...� she stalked mid sentence. How would she call Ninon and ms Brendan, her mistresses, her trainers?

�For your pimp?� the doctor asked in disbelief �You need it in writing for your pimp?�

Donna was trapped once again, if she said no, what explanation would she give? Her mind was racing through her options once again, and again not finding a solution. Not fast enough anyway.

�Alright, a letter for your pimp.� The doctor said as she started to write a letter, shaking her head as she did. Donna just kept silent, knowing anything she would say would only make it worse.

�Here you are.� The doctor said holding out the letter for Donna.

She stood up and grabbed the letter, murmured a �Thank you� and left the room quickly.

�Oh, and by the way, your daughter called for the after-pill, I figure that won�t be a problem?� Donna was too busy to really grab the implications of this request of her daughter, and just answered a quick �No, no problem.� 

Outside in the hall two more women were waiting now. She greeted the nurse ashamed when she passed and the nurse greeted her back with a big smile. Se quickly went outside and inhaled deeply. She leaned against the wall for a while putting her mind at ease. She finally got to her car, and drove to work, trying to forget her humiliating session, and vowing never to go back to that doctor with these kind of issues.



The following days were really different. She wasn�t bothered by nobody, not Ninon, not ms Brendan, not even her driver. Her daughters were busy buying stuff for the vacation, and slowly her relationship with Julie was getting better. Robert was enthusiastic about them going to the Caribbean, and even congratulated her on a job well done. The irony. The families had a bit more problems with it. Apart from finding it ridiculous Robert had to stay in Asia they wondered why they had to leave to the Caribbean, instead of spending time with the grandparents. They added of course how they hadn�t heard much of them lately. But Donna explained them they would be back for new years, and that they would celebrate the new year as usual, at their residence. When they finally accepted she could focus herself on the vacation. She really needed the break to clear her mind. After the vacation she promised herself she would take drastic actions to stop it all.

But most relieving was the medicine she used against her itching. It almost totally stopped it. The only side affect was that it made her juices flow even more. Donna wondered if it was because the irritation actually still existed, and the itching feeling was only suppressed, or that the medicine added to the problem. She had to use menstrual pads to keep from leaking. But going back to the doctor was out of the question. She hoped a few weeks without dildo�s, sex, together with the medicine, would solve the problem.



The night before the departure Donna arrived home late. Work had been killing and she had forced herself to go to the gym one last time. She had followed her schedule as usual, not wanting to displease ms Brendan or Ninon. But especially work had been demanding the last days, as a big project was coming up, and she had to do all the preparations before she could go on vacation. She had worked full long days apart from her gruesome schedule.

Tired she drove up her dark parking lot, and she saw Ninon�s car. She got out wearily and just too tired to even fear for whatever she wanted.

Inside the house she was greeted by her two daughters who enthusiastically showed her beach wear they just were given by Ninon.

One look told Donna enough �You can�t wear those, that�s like almost walking naked!� she said to them, as she held one bikini bottom in front of her. It was barely more than a string, even in the front it was just a little wider �If you spread your legs it�ll glide inside!� she said.

�But you chose it for yourself?� Ninon said. Donna looked at her with anger, as she saw her standing on the stairs looking down at her. She immediately knew she was being set up. 

�Girls, leave your mother, she�s obviously a bit tired.� Ninon hushed her daughters away, who ran laughing with the skimpy beachwear into the kitchen. �Come Donna, I have packed your bags for you, just as you asked me to.�

Donna carefully walked over to her, and she was taken by the hand and lead upstairs.

�Ninon, please...� she started.

�Shhhh, don�t ruin it.� Ninon said as she guided her into her bedroom. She closed the door and sat her down on her own bed,

�I just helped you out a little, by buying some beach wear, as you were too busy.� She said.

Donna looked at her suitcase on her bed. It was open and nicely packed. 

�Don�t bother looking into it. Just know we bought the same stuff for your daughters too, and we expect pictures of you all having fun with them. I told your daughters you bought them yourself through internet. It is not stuff you�ll see in your average clothing shop.�

�Why?� Donna asked miserable.

�It is not that bad, just some super sexy clothing. Don�t go all haywire over it. �

�But why my daughters too?�

�So you don�t fall out off tune too much. And they don�t mind. They want to be super sexy. It�ll help you.�

�Please stay away from my daughters?� she just asked as she started to cry.

�Don�t cry now, keep it together!� Ninon said friendly. �I packed your suitcase, your daughters are packed, all you need to do is go to bed. Tomorrow I even bring you all to the airport, and its off to the Caribbean with you!� She hugged Donna, and made her stand up.

�So just be positive. Now off to your daughters, they are preparing a tropical cocktail to get into the mood!�

And Donna was ushered out the room back down to her girls, where she was greeted by their cheers. And after she had gulped down the first strong cocktail she actually came by, and the rest of the night they all had big fun imagining all they would do the coming week. The skimpy beach wear laying in the middle of the table, and was a source for many romantic fantasy they told each other.











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.



The Caribbean



Aaah, the Caribbean!! 

From the moment Donna stepped out of the plane on to the steps she was in heaven. The bright sun, the soothing wind, the open space, the palm trees. She almost immediately stopped worrying, and knew this was what she had yearned for for a long, long time. 

Her daughters were equally enthusiastic, taking up the surroundings with a big smile just like she did. The walk from the plane to the gates across the landing strip in the open air was odd, but totally fitted the vacation feeling. They strolled together with the other passengers over the runway looking around, inhaling the fresh hot air. In the distance even the blue see could be seen, and everywhere the small picturesque tropical buildings. Would people really live in those small wooden houses?

The long wait at customs everybody took for granted, as well as the baggage check, where the old rusty belt�s noise filled the hot hall, as it deposited the luggage one.. by... one... 

Yet all the local people were friendly, and assisted everybody, be it at a Caribbean pace. And the ladies started immediately to make plans what they would do first. It was already in the afternoon, so they figured the beach was out of the question, but there was so much more to do they saw as they went through the leaflets distributed. 

After customs came the fight for a taxi, and next they found themselves in a mini van being driven across the island to the hotel. The trip itself was an adventure, with the small roads, the cars cramped on it, and the holes in them. The driver excused himself for the inconvenience, but the December rain had done its work on the state of the roads, and it was high season, so the roads were bad and crowded. They didn�t mind as the enjoyed the views, especially when they went over a hill the view was breathtaking. The green valley, the sea in the distance, the shadow of a small single cloud gliding over the island.

And the special moment for Donna when Julie laid her hand on her shoulder from behind and said �Look how beautiful mom, that hill with the big houses, and those trees blossoming!!� Donna smiled back and looked her eyes out too, but above all she was happy as she knew Julie had forgiven her. This trip started fabulous! 

Next big surprise was the hotel. A beautiful large colonial building in between two steep hills, with the sea in the back. The women got out of the taxi and just stared at the surrounding. 

�Is this for real mom?� Trixy asked.

�How could you afford this mom?� Julie added. Donna herself was dumbstruck too at the grandeur of the hotel. She knew it was high class, but this beated her expectations by far. 

�It�s a good hotel.� The taxi driver understated as he got their bags. 

The ladies looked around. The hotel had a large green garden in front of it, with a few large trees, and green grass. Flowers blossomed everywhere. A friendly bellboy came outside to pick up their luggage, and escorted them into the lobby, where Donna and her �s daughters jumped from joy again. It was so overwhelming. Big fans hung down from the roof , and gently swayed, causing a gently flow of air in the hall, and creating an acceptable temperature. The decoration inside was done in the colonial style of the building, large old wooden chairs, heavy wooden tables, paintings of various historical figures on&nbsp; the walls.

Even the employees were dressed in a colonial like attire, and all were very polite.

After the quick check-in they were led to their rooms, were the final surprise awaited them; they had sea view, and not just any sea view. Their adjacent rooms shared the same large balcony, from which the back garden, the white sandy beach, and the see could be seen, with in the distance small islands sticking out of the water. It was picture perfect!

They just glanced at the view, and at each other, not believing they actually were there, in the Caribbean, in such a luxurious hotel. They drank their complimentary fruit punch, loaded with rum, right there on the balcony, as they giggled, laughed and just enjoyed the moment.

Donna walked into her room and opened her suitcase on one of the beds. She wanted to shower and get out of her travel clothes as soon as possible. She went through the clothing in her suitcase and was amazed, no appalled, by what Ninon had packed. All skimpy dresses, shorts, and underwear. Everything way too revealing to wear, even on the beach. She rumbled through trying to find a decent piece of clothing but really couldn�t find any. She had packed only clothing she wore when she had to fuck her or ms Brendan.

�They want me to dress like a filthy slut.� She figured with a smirky smile on her face as she held up a �night dress� which was no more than a few straps of cloth. 

She shook her head �But that is not going to happen...� and she threw the item back into the suit case. �Ladies!� she shouted at her daughters �We gotta go shopping right now!!�

Enthusiastic cheers were the response, and soon the three ladies were in a cab heading to a local mall.

By the time they arrived back at the hotel it was already dark, and they again were marveled by the view of the hotel and its surroundings. This time the garden was lit beautifully with torches, and people were dining in the garden under the stars. You could hear the sound of their talking, together with the soft clattering of the plates. The hotel itself was lit by some beamers and stood majestic between the dark hills on each side. In the back the moon shone, lightning the see dark blue. It was like a dream.

Donna and the girls hurried into the hotel to shower and change, as they were hungry. Donna had bought a whole new set of clothing so she could dress normal. She had no intention of using the clothing Ninon had packed for her. �If they want some pictures of me in them, well we�ll dress up one night and give them some.� She figured. The whole vacation already had a good effect on her mind set she found. �But let�s enjoy diner first.�

And enjoying they did! The food was excellent and the service impeccable. They all ate their belly full, and enjoyed a few glasses of wine during and after, as they sat in the garden. A soft breeze was cooling them down, and the stars twinkled up above.

And the soothing atmosphere had healed her relationship with her daughters completely. They chatted, gossiped as they used to do, and they planned the next coming days.

A happy, very happy Donna went to bed that night. Gone were all her worries, and she fell asleep in the soft clean bed almost instantly.



The next days went by in pure bliss. They visited the beaches by day, did some shopping in the afternoon, ate at picturesque restaurants, preferably with see view and when the sun was setting, and at night they partied. Donna forgot all her worries, and enjoyed life to the max once again. She and her daughters bonded, and they became close again. So much happened on the vacation that they just didn�t talk about what happened back home anymore. And Donna was content to see her daughters acting normal. Her fear they were on to them to seemed unjustified.

They contacted Robert every night just before they went out to party. He was obviously lonely and a little jealous, but they all said they were missing him, and proud that he was doing such a great job. It usually cheered him up, and with the reminder that they would be together at the end of year, and would party all together, he was content.&nbsp; 

Of course men approached them often, but she was used to that by now. She taught her girls how to fend off men in a nice way, or how to haul the nice ones in. Her daughters knew a few tricks, but Donna was amazed how much more experience she now had. After the weeks of flirting in bars and other dubious places these men were a piece of cake to her. She could size them up one time, and tell her daughters what to do, what to say. And every time her tricks worked. As a result they could dance at night, swim at a beach, and no one bothered them too much if they didn�t want to. Donna was kind of proud she could help her daughters like this.

She loved the role of the mother who watches over her daughters as they flirted. On the beach she usually just took a beach chair and let the girls swim, and meet boys. When she didn�t like the guys they hung out with she called them over for a �drink�, and explained her worries. In the disco at night it was just the same. Be it she drank a bit herself and therefore was less sharp. As there were so many boys around they followed her advice usually, meaning they dumped the guys and just waited for the next ones. 

Donna herself never had such a freedom as she gave her girls. But she had always yearned for it during her teenage years. Though she never really wanted to have sex, the attention was something she had craved. But her parents never really had let her go, up until she went to the university, at which time she needed to study to secure her future. True Robert came in between, but she had been very serious about her study up to that point.

Thus she wanted her daughters to have a different life. Enjoy the teenage years some more, and what better place to be a bit wild than the Caribbean? And also, she knew if she held them tight they would rebel anyway.&nbsp; 

As for her own sex-training as a whole, with its schedules, its exercises, she did keep to it as much as possible. That is, she did watch what she ate, as she knew every pound she added would be noticed and would cause problems. And she loved her figure. Also she went together with the girls to a spa one day, doing the works as she was used to, manicure, pedicure, massage, waxing, the works. She basically watched she wouldn�t go too far off from her current shape. And the spa was the one thing she loved from her new life anyway.

However the specific slutty clothing she totally abandoned. No more ridiculous high heels, no more extremely short dresses. Her new wardrobe had taken care of that. But she did choose clothing that showed her new figure off. She didn�t endured so much hardship to get it not to flaunt with it. And it was the tropics, so the average clothing was short anyway. In other words she made sure she looked hot, but in an acceptable way. She did acknowledge to herself her clothing was more daring than she would previously wear, but she didn�t mind. Her old self had been a bit too careful. 

As far as her �itch�, the medicine did work. The ointment she had gotten �cooled� down the itch, although it came back full force when its healing work faded after a few hours. Luckily she had a bunch of tubes with her, and she carried one always with her. Also with that respect she did still give herself an enema, be it every other day. She had been embarrassed when she went through customs and the officer saw the bags, but he didn�t know what it was, or just politely ignored it. She was Ninon actually grateful she had packed the kit, as it helped with the itch which went deep inside her asshole. The cooling liquids of the enema had a softening result, and it was impossible getting the ointment there. And she felt the enema cleaned her better anyway. She was used to it too, just like brushing teeth. A bit of a problem was the side effect of the ointment with respect to alcohol. She couldn�t drink too much when she used it. After just a few drinks she would feel herself getting drunk, if not wasted, so she had to take virgins in between her cocktails. Problem solved.

Ninon had packed a few dildo�s too, but Donna had thrown them away in the garbage bins in the toilet, determent to be her old self during this vacation. It was another act of defiance she was very proud of. Be it she was a bit embarrassed when the cleaning lady was busy, but she showed no sign she noticed the dildo�s when she cleaned the bins.

As the days passed she became more and more resilient at the scares moments she thought about her situation. She cursed herself for being so weak. Especially for her acts at the beginning, going to ms Brendan�s house and getting the cut in her vagina. But also the weekend where she was practically raped infuriated her. She should have stopped it right then and there. How could she let her house be remodeled to the wimps of a lesbian bitch? And she even worked for her to make the payments! But she did realize she had turned a point when she signed the contract, making her a willing prostitute, or call girl. She figured that was her only real problem right now, as she could face legal charges, and probably would. But she needed to get things in the open with Robert next. Together they could handle all the problems they would face eventually, she figured. And if they lost everything and she had to do time, so be it. Especially as the vacation reached its end she was more and more convinced she should stop it, she could stop it.

In addition, Donna came up with a plan for the pictures she needed to make for ms Brendan. First of all she wanted her daughters left out. She knew ms Brendan wouldn�t approve, but she was determined to protect her daughters. Indeed, her girls had gotten sexy bikini�s just like hers, but they didn�t wear them either, obviously because they were just too skimpy. Even for these beaches full of topless European women and girls. The design was just too much focused on sex. She would be less inviting if she just wore nothing. She couldn�t believe they could make bikinis that small, or that people would seriously consider wearing these. And she had like 5 pairs, with two of them being nothing more than a bunch of strings knitted together, covering nothing at all. 

As far as the pictures, Donna figured she had to model them in different places, so it would look like she had taken them on at different days. She couldn�t possibly explain her actions if her daughters were there, so she had to get rid of them for one day. So she planned to party all night, so they would sleep the whole morning, and she would then cruise the island and make her shoots at various locations. No one was to see her somehow, so the shoots had to be early in the morning, when the beaches were still rather empty. Also she had found several locations near the hotel where rocks or trees prevented the surrounding to see them, and the spots were usually rather empty as they were difficult to reach. They themselves only had went there because she was looking for a place for the shoot, although her daughters thought she was just being adventurous. 

As for the other sexy attire she had, she figured she would stay at the hotel the remaining of the last day, and wear them in her own room, and maybe in the garden too. If she sat in a corner with a towel nobody would see too much. And the girls could go out on their own for a day. She trusted them by now, and also, she trusted the island. She figured she had not much to worry about them by day.

And the last night on the town she would wear the evening dress Ninon had packed for her. It was way too revealing, but Donna figured if she wore it only the last night, and they went immediately into one of the clubs it would be dark, and she knew one were some girls from the nearby adult club came too, and they wore similar clothing, if not more revealing, so she wouldn�t be the only one. Or better, people in that club were used to girls, ladies dressed skimpy. All in all Donna had it figured out, she even had bought a new camera, tax free, for the shoot.&nbsp; 



The night before the shoot she told the girls she was planning to tour the island early in the morning, while they slept. The girls agreed and thought nothing of it. They knew their mother wasn�t drinking as much as they did, so she always woke up before them. Whatever she did before they woke up wasn�t really important to them.

Late in the night, as they were about to leave, Julie came with a couple of local boys to their table. Donna knew them, as they had met before on several occasions. They seemed to party as much as they did, but had never bothered them too much. 

�Mom, look this is Dalmar, a nephew of Dwayne. He is from the states too.� Julie said.

Donna looked at the new boy in the group.

�And guess what; he is even from the same city!�

�Cool!!� Trixy said.

�Come sit down with us.� Julie invited the group. And the whole bunch of six&nbsp; to seven boys sat down.

�So you are here every vacation?� Julie started to chat with Dalmar. 

Donna saw she obviously had the hots for Dalmar. And she had to agree he was good looking. He had muscles, obviously he worked out a lot, and he had a cute face, he was light dark, and had beautiful dark eyes.

�Well, not every vacation, I am not that rich.� Dalmar answered politely, �But as much as possible, yes.�

�And where are you from, I mean, which district?� Trixy asked. She was obviously also impressed by his looks.

�The Bashenee part.� He said. As he saw their reaction he smiled and continued as he saw her looking doubtful �Yes, yes, I know, it is a bad part of town, a ghetto. But my parents weren�t rich, so they had to settled there. And the neighborhood went down while we grew up. I�m making the best of it to get out of there.�

�Okay, sorry for our reaction.� Trixy said, saving the situation. �Let�s drink on meeting each other here on this beautiful island!�

And another round came. And after that another one. And the mood got better, the music got better, and they all danced and had fun. As the night passed Julie and Dalmar became closer and closer. She begged Donna and Trixy not to leave her, and wait for her, and thus Donna and Trixy were stuck too. There was no way Donna was going to leave her daughter behind anyway.

But staying longer as planned meant also drinking more as planned. The medicine- alcohol combination, the long day in the hot sun, it finally got to Donna and she became drunk. Really drunk. She kind of lost control of time, and just vaguely saw, understood what was happening around her. As if her life passed by like a stroboscope.

She remembered leaving the disco-bar early in the morning. Julie and Dalmar were an official couple at that time holding hands, and making out. Both seemed to be totally in love with one another. Donna heavily leaned on Trixy, who was pretty much under the influence of alcohol too. They decided to grab something to eat at a local bar. Most of the local boys didn�t go with them, but Dwayne, Dalmar and another friend stayed with them.

Next thing Donna recalled was driving home to the hotel. She sat in the back of a car, together with Trixy, and Julie was in another car with her Dalmar. Trixy was looking at her kind of worried, but as Donna had a clear moment she explained her she needed to drink a lot of water, and she needed a shower. And next everything became a blur again.

They were brought back to the hotel, and Donna found herself being undressed and pushed into her shower by Trixy. She didn�t know how long she stayed under the soothing spray of water, but she did sober up a bit. Enough to start worrying. 

At first about her shoot she had planned, but then it occurred to her three local boys were in their rooms, and she had not idea what was going on. She quickly grabbed a towel and stumbled to the balcony. She even had problems walking straight.

As she walked up the balcony she saw Julie heavily kissing Dalmar, and Trixy was being fondled by a boy she didn�t knew. Dwayne was looking on, and smiled as he saw her entering. He obviously hoped to get his girl tonight too, and that was her.

Julie got up when she finally saw her mother struggle with her balance. She walked up to Donna and together with Dalmar and Dwayne brought her back into her living room. Donna felt the boys feeling her up a bit, but was to slow to fend them off.

When she came through again she was being dressed by Julie. She looked at Julie and saw her dressed in her micro bikini. �What?...�

�Shhh, mom. We are going for the beaches with you. You rambled to us about taking pictures wearing bikinis, and we all liked the idea.� Julie said.

Donna slowly looked at herself and saw she was wearing one of her bikinis too, just like Julie. By that time she was told to stand up already and fitted some high heels.

�You look great!� Julie said enthusiastic as they both posed in front of the mirror. Donna wanted to object, but was too drunk. She saw herself wearing the bikini, a loose short t-shirt, and a wrap around her middle. She was standing in high platform shoes, those with a woven sole. She recalled Ninon had packed these. Her face was made up with a thick layers of liquid, her eyes were done heavy with black eyeliner, her lips a bright red, and her hair was combed and looked wild.

�You looked awful� Julie explained � So I just bathed you quickly, and applied quickly this make up, a bit the way you do when going out with Ninon.�

She turned the face of Donna to meet her eyes �Look mom, I really, really like Dalmar. He is nice, makes good jokes, is very sexy, actually he is fucking hot. You mentioned pictures, and I want to seduce him with those, so he never forgets me, and we�ll meet again back home.�

�He was totally taken by our bikinis once we showed them what you bought us, and he wants me to show it for him. I don�t dare to this alone, but I already convinced Trixy to participate, and I figured you would too. You mentioned the picture shoot, and you bought this stuff.� Julie looked her mother pleading in the eye �...And you actually owe me a favor still, right? After that hit on my nose?�

Donna nodded yes, and she felt herself being taken onto the balcony. The mentioning of her hitting Julie had broken whatever resistance she had left.

�My mom is ready!� Julie said to the waiting boys. �Let�s go for the shoot!�

Donna vaguely saw the look of the boys as they eyed the women before them, but next thing she knew she was sitting in a car driving towards a beach. Warm wind was blowing into her face, and the sun was definitely up.

By the time they were settling on the beach she had recuperated enough to be present, be it she felt lightheaded still, and a bit sick. 

She was taken by Julie to a palm tree on the beach, and told to strike a pose. The shoot started immediately. The boys cheered them on and her girls became more daring. Better, Julie became more daring, and she instructed her sister and mother to get rid of the T-shirts, and the wrap. The boys kept on taking pictures and told them they looked beautiful.

Even in Donna�s state she knew this was wrong, but she was still too out of it to act against it. She just went along, and posed along side her daughters under the palm tree in just the micro bikini. The girls had to help her several times from falling, which was a sign to her she was still pretty out of it.

When they got a break she asked for water, and drank a whole bottle immediately. She was back now, and considered her situation. There were three boys horny like hell taking pictures of them, urging them on to be more daring. The beach they were on wasn�t one she had chosen, and though it was early, people started to appear. 

She looked at her daughters. They were dressed similar to her, be it Trixy wore a larger yellow top which covered her whole nipple and areole, And a matching bottom with a flap in front and behind of it, hiding the extreme small thong underneath. She was the one dressed most decently. 

Julie wore a blue bikini, but the top covered only her nipples and part of her areole. Her bottom was without a flap, and small and tight. Julie could see the outline of her lips clearly, and knew they would show on the pictures too. 

She herself was in and identical bikini, be it her breast were larger and hung more. It meant she had to constantly adjust the top as she moved into a different pose. Her nipples were showing constantly, and the small top didn�t cover near enough.

They all three wore the same beach shoes, with the high woven soles, and in matching colors. She knew Ninon had bought them for the girls, of course saying Donna had.

She found the situation they were in frightening, and they had to get out.

On top of that she felt her itch come back full force, and the string bottom scratch gently as she moved her legs, making her vagina react like crazy. She felt her juices stream inside already, and it would only be a matter of time before her bottom would be soaking wet.

�Let�s do some shoots in the sea.� Donna said as she finished the bottle of water. She just had to hide her wetness fast. She figured they were less exposed in the sea, and she could even scratch herself.

�Good idea!� Julie said, and she stood up �Let�s go!�

Trixy got up too and the both of them ran to the sea chasing each other playfully. Donna had to admire the way Julie flirted with Dalmar. She made sure she played the innocent girl. Laughed a bit overdone, but not too much, and of course she made sure she touched herself nicely as she brushed of sand when she got up, giving him a seductive smile when she continued her chase after Trixy.

Donna walked quickly to the sea too, but for different reasons. Even her ass was on fire, and she hurried into the warm Caribbean sea. 

�Come on, group picture!!� Julie shouted to Donna as she already posed with Trixy as they stood halfway in the sea. The strong waves pushed them forward and backwards all the time giving Julie ample opportunity to flaunt her assets once more. Trixy joined her game, and started to pose sexier too.

The boys complimented them, howled at them, and told them they were amazed at such beauty, and dared them to show more. 

Donna joined her girls and tried to calm them down. But she was herself distracted by her itch, and embarrassed when she heard Dwayne shout �Trixy, grab your pussy just like your mom does!�. She was just scratching herself, and a big wave had sucked up the water, exposing her actions. Donna stopped immediately, and not knowing what to do just smiled and hugged her girls playfully, trying to distract the attention from her back to them.

The next embarrassment was when she noticed the bikinis where see through when wet. And thus the boys could clearly see their nipples, and the outline of their pussy lips. They were all three practically naked, parading in the water. In addition the coldness of the water had hardened their nipples, adding to their exposure.

She saw the boys zooming in with the camera, and laughing at each other.

�They must think we are three dumb bitches.� Donna thought. �If we just get it over with, and I can scratch myself, we can get out of the water, and dress up, at least put towels around us.�

But Donna hadn�t counted on Julie, who was drunk too and determined to seduce Dalmar. She kept on pushing the boundaries. First she touched her nipples as a joke, but soon she was seriously caressing her nipples through her bikini and smiling at Dalmar. She encouraged Trixy to do the same, who didn�t want to look prudish, and followed her behavior. Donna had lost control, and all she could do was smile, and pose as if she didn�t see, mind, her daughters actions. Her own mind was busy with her itch which was even worse in the sea. The salt water burned into her outer lips, and asshole rim. She just had to scratch herself. And the stupid waves kept on pushing her from side to side, and pushed her breast from under her bikini exposing them. She had to constantly adjust her top, or better, the small piece of ropes. She cursed her sagging breasts. If they had been a bit stronger like her girls she would have had less problems. Now they just flopped out of position every time.

Luckily it finally ended when the boys ran in the water too, to playfully catch the girls. Donna figured they were just too horny to continue, and had to touch what they had seen. She herself used it to swim deeper into the sea, and pretended to relax taking up the surroundings. Actually she was scratching herself like crazy, standing up to her neck in the water. �What a relief!!� she thought as she entered a few fingers in her ass and gently scratch her bowels. Her other hand worked on her vagina, scratching her outer lips, also going inside. 

�Hello lady..�

Donna opened her eyes wide and looked around. The unknown boy had swum up to her while she was scratching herself. She knew he must have seen her as he was pretty close.

�I see you can�t wait.� The boy said with a big smile. He had seen everything alright �Mind if I help you?�

�No thank you.� She said angrily �I can do it myself.� It was an odd thing to say, as it confirmed she was masturbating herself, which she actually was not. But Donna saw no point in denying her actions. She just wanted the boy to leave her alone.

�Oh, come on little lady. Let�s have some fun, like your daughters are having. It is vacation time, and nobody will know back home.�

�No thank you.� Donna replied and swam a bit away from the boy. But he was relentless and kept on pushing her for sex. Donna felt a bit intimidated, as she saw their situation. Her daughters were making out in the water with Dalmar and Dwayne, and she was pursued by this third guy, whom she didn�t know, and didn�t want. They were practically naked. They were depending on them for transport. She knew if the guy would rape her right here she would have lot�s of problems explaining why she agreed to come with these guys, wearing what she did. Let alone that her daughters agreed. That she agreed to bring along her daughters!

Thus her only options was to swim away from the boy and try to convince him she wasn�t willing. Better, trying to have him accept it.

She eventually ran up on the beach when she saw more tourist arrive. It was humiliating to walk passed them in her skimpy outfit, but she figured her �boyfriend� wouldn�t really dare to do anything with people so close. 

Of course she was wrong. The boy obviously had dealt more often with stubborn cases like her, and he just came on to her even stronger. Donna didn�t want to make a scene, and gave in. He hugged her and they kissed. She felt his hands explore her ass and breasts. 

�Damn, his hands are all over me.� She thought. As she kissed him his tongue entered her mouth. She opened her eyes and saw the tourists she had hoped would help her look repulsed at the scene and walk on. 

�You are really hot lady!!� The boy said out loud as his fingers entered her pussy.

�Oh shit!� Donna replied. The fingers scratched her itching pussy, but the boy miss-understood her exclamation for surrender to her lust, and he dug in. Donna had no other alternative than to respond to his advances now and they lay back on the beach as he kissed and fondled her. It was odd for her to feel such a muscular young man so close to her body. Also he was black, and she had never dated a black man. He was shaven bold, had a few tattoos, and some jewelry around his neck and wrists. He was shorter than she was, but much, much stronger.

�Hey, having fun?� It was Dalmar standing next to them, with his arm around Julie, who looked at Donna. Donna felt so ashamed as she saw her puzzled look, not believing her own mother was making out like some teenager. With a teenager!

�Everything cool man!� the boy said as he finally let Donna go. Donna quickly looked for her wrap and put it on. As she pulled on her T-shirt she felt her vagina itch like crazy, and juices were streaming out. Luckily she was still wet from the sea, so nobody would really notice, but she knew her ordeal was far from over.

�Mom, how could you, behave!!� Julie whispered to her as she dressed herself. �What must they think of us?� She continued giving her an angry face �A mother who wants to make out with a little boy. I am seriously interested in Dalmar, and you are ruing it for me with your behavior!�

�I�m sorry, but ...� Donna muttered back, but Julie had left already back to her new friend.

She leaned to the one palm tree and recuperated. She felt a hand around her waist and she got a kiss on her cheek. It was that boy again. �We�ll finish what we started later� he whispered.

�I don�t think so..� Donna thought, but outwardly she smiled to him. She still knew they were in their hands, and it would be dangerous to get them angry. �I will need all my skills to fend him off, and save my girls.� She figured.

After Julie and Dalmar had chatted a while, Dalmar walked up to the group, holding Julie�s hand �We�ll go to another beach for the next session. Dwayne, we go to Palapa beach, you fix us some more drinks.� 

Donna looked at Julie wondering why she agreed to this. Julie looked uncomfortable back, and smiled shyly. Obviously she wasn�t too fond of the idea either.

�Can�t we..� Donna started.

�Come on let�s go!!� Dalmar interrupted, and before anyone could complain they were back in the cars cruising the island. This time they all sat in one car. Trixy, Julie and Dalmar in the back, Donna with her �boyfriend� up front. Julie and Dalmar were making out. Donna pretended not to notice, but one time her looks crossed that of Julie, and she saw Julie was not pleased with the situation. Her apologizing&nbsp; look said it all.

Trixy meanwhile looked fixed outside the window, trying hard to ignore what happened next to her.

At the beach Dwayne joined them again, and he had fresh drinks with him. By now the sun was up high in the sky and Donna was thirsty. She got a can and drank all of it straight up.

�Be careful with that, mrs. Alldring.� Dalmar laughed �It does have alcohol, even though you don�t taste it!� He and Julie were way ahead of them, on to their next shoot. They stopped at a wooden shag, which turned out to be a public toilet and dressing room.

�Okay, now you dress into the other bikinis you have, mrs. Alldring.� Dalmar said, and Donna felt herself being pushed into the dark structure. A bag was pushed into her hands, and the door was closed behind her. �We�ll make sure no one gets in.�

Donna looked around in the filthy place. She saw no option than to do as told. What was one skimpy bikini different than the other? And so she undressed in the hot and smelly place.

�Hurry up, please. mrs. Alldring!!� Dalmar knocked loudly on the door within minutes �Julie needs to go to the toilet.�

Donna fixed up the bikini. This model had two thin vertical straps covering her breast. It left her back open. Down by her vagina it turned into a thong. Again it hardly covered her private parts. But she was beyond complaining. The heat in the room and the knocking on the door made her hurry up. She quickly opened the door and got out. Julie immediately jumped in �Thanks mom!� 

Donna covered her eyes for the bright sun.

�Wow, this looks hot!� Dwayne said as he took up the view. Donna saw all three boys examining her, and she felt uncomfortable again. She adjusted the swim suite a bit, making it cover her nipples and areoles a bit more. But she still felt naked, as most of her body was exposed. 

�I�m thirsty...� she meekly said as the boys just wouldn�t take their eyes of her. And their looks were scaring her. �Please, fetch me something...�

�Here you go mom.� Trixy came to the rescue �And here is a towel.� 

That broke the spell. As soon as she covered herself with the towel the boys returned back to normal. That is, as normal as they could get with three hot women at their disposal. Donna drank the next tin can.

�Be careful.� Dalmar warned again �With this heat and the amount of alcohol in those drinks you�ll pass out before you know it, madam.�

Donna didn�t care. She actually liked the idea of passing out. It would mean they would have to take her home, and her ordeal was over. �But then I couldn�t protect Julie and Trixy.� She understood �Gotta be careful...�

But the next minutes the alcohol started to work, and Donna felt herself loose control. She felt the alcohol work, she vaguely saw Julie, Trixy and her walk to a point chosen by the boys, but from thereon she only experienced fragments of what occurred. Images of her posing, her breast showing, her laughing at a certain spot, her vomiting somewhere in the bushes, with a strange boy by her side, than images of the sun going down. they were back in the hotel at a moment, they were at a club. She was making out with a women on a stage, kissing in a car full with boys, their hands everywhere on her body. Next her being taken by them on a bed, she was forced to take them up her ass, in her pussy, she sucked them off, jerked them off, and she smiled and laughed as she followed there orders. The scenes became more obscene, more bizarre, and went through her mind faster and faster. She saw flashes of dicks pressed into her face, naked men everywhere, underneath her, behind her, on top of her. She saw cum shots up close, saw the droolly&nbsp; stuff on her, smiling men all around, lights, grunting, lights.......



Sweating Donna woke up and immediately sat straight. She looked around in a state of panic. She wasn�t in the hotel! Her dream came back to her, the vulgar images. She felt her head, she was still foggy. It felt heavy. She took in her surroundings. She was in a small room, in a wooden building. The room was small, and as she took up the items inside it was definitely a boys room. Flags from baseball teams on the wall, a few centerfolds, and of course it was messy. Clothes laying around everywhere, books everywhere, a huge brand new stereo. 

She herself was lying on the wooden floor, with some sheets as a makeshift bed. She looked beside her on the only bed in the room. Dwayne! Dwayne was lying in it, wearing just his shorts. She looked at herself and saw she was wearing the sexy evening dress, or what was left from it. The fabric was stretched and torn, and it just hung from her shoulders covering nothing.

�What had happened?� Donna panicked �Those images... were they real?� she felt her pussy. She was sore all over. She looked at her body, full with hickeys. �They raped me!!� she tried to get up, but was too dizzy, too tired still. She noticed she was wearing only one shoe. The other one was laying in a corner, next to dirty clothing of Dwayne.

She crawled to fetch her shoe, and noticed she was having muscle pains all over. As if she had been working out all night.

�Fuck.� Donna cursed herself �What has happened?�

When she looked at herself in the small mirror next to the wooden door she knew she had had a rough, very rough night. Her mascara and eye-shadow had leaked, or better, it&nbsp; was smeared all over her face. And she saw her face and hair was covered with dried cum. When she looked down at her body she saw spots of dried cum everywhere.

�They raped me!!� she thought fearfully. She even had some dark spot, bruises, where she probably was hit hard. She sat down on the one chair in the room and put her shoe on.

When she tried to think back she only got flashes of what happened. Most of last night she couldn�t recall. But from what she did recall she understood that she had acted shamefully. Images of herself laughing at someone groping her breast, or fingering her pussy. It was so terrible she stopped thinking and cried softly.

Her movements finally woke Dwayne.

�Oh Hi, mrs. Alldring, � he said as he slowly got up �How are you feeling?�

He sat up on the bed, and stretched himself. Donna was perplexed he acted as if nothing had happened. 

�You...you raped me!� She said to him.

�Excuse me?� Dwayne looked annoyed as he searched for something �Rape?� he picked up a golden necklace that had gotten of. �We had some wild fun, yes, but it was no rape. You willingly participated, and enjoyed yourself!�

�I was drunk� Donna said �And you all took advantage of it�

�Nobody forced you to drink those energy shots mixed with vodka in the burning sun. I think you did that to yourself. And all the alcohol you ordered for us all...�

�Bring me home!� Donna stood up. She wanted to leave this place as soon as possible. As she was standing she also recalled they had to leave the island today. They had to check out of the hotel, and catch their flight. She panicked again. She didn�t know where she was, and where were her daughters?

�First a morning blow job I would say...� Dwayne said as he sat himself straight on the side of the bed �You were getting pretty good in those yesterday.�

�What?!� Donna said surprised �No way!�

�Yes way.� Dwayne said annoyed. �You are in my room, and I have to bring you back to your hotel and your daughters. Else walk outside and find your way home yourself.�

He pointed to the small window. When Donna glanced outside from where she was standing she saw she was in some sort of ghetto. Small wooden buildings, small roads. She noticed she was showing herself to everyone walking by the house, and so she quickly sat down on the chair again.

�No!� Donna said persistent �You bring me back to my hotel.�

�Suck my dick, and we have a deal.� Dwayne said as he got up. �If you walk outside alone dressed in those rags you will visit every shag in this neighborhood, and be fucked by every man..... and beaten by every wife.� He chuckled at his latest remark.

Donna stood still thinking about what Dwayne said. Oh how she wanted to be back at the hotel. She felt sick, miserable, and she knew now for sure she had been gang banged all night. She looked for her bag, but it was nowhere. No cell phone. No money. Her mind was racing through her options, until she finally understood she kind of had none.

�It�s always the same with you white married bitches. You drink alcohol to be more daring, and the next day use that same excuse to explain your actions.� Dwayne shook his head as he rumbled through the room, searching for his stuff. He obviously meant what he said about leaving her to herself in the middle of this ghetto.

�Ok...� she said softly, resigning to her faith. �Oh no..� she thought at the same time �I am going to have to give him a blow job, knowing full well what I�m doing!� 

�Down on your knees and get going.� Dwayne said when he heard the response. He had just fetch a towel and was just about to leave the room to wash himself. He went back to the bed and sat down on it, pointing Donna to kneel in front of him.

Donna slowly walked back to the bed. From the way he acted she knew she wasn�t his first �victim�. How many other women had gotten drunk and had been taken advantage off? How many had done it willingly?

�Come-on.� Dwayne said �I got other things to do today.�

She looked Dwayne in the eye. Her face sad, pleading for him to stop.

�Please...� she started.

�Please... yes, you may fuck my dick.� Dwayne said merciless. �Look lady. We�ve fucked you silly yesterday without you complaining, but you probably �don�t remember� anything, right?� He didn�t wait for an answer �And after that I took you home fucked up as you were, and gave you a descent place to sleep, so your daughters wouldn�t see what slut you are. So to me this is just a fair payment. Last night you just loved to do it.�

Donna was now kneeling between his legs. She couldn�t recall anything clearly of last night, though obscene images still went through her mind. If those were only partially true she had done the most disgusting things, and had sex with many men. And she felt that way.

Dwayne pulled his pants down and his dick appeared. It was already hard. Donna looked at it. It was bigger than Robert�s, and darker. It was like a solid black pole. 

�Come on lady, get going. Else you�ll miss your plain.�

Donna understood just how familiar this situation was to him. How many women had he fucked up like this? Getting them drunk on their last night, fuck them all night with his friends, and as a last insult degrade them like this before dropping them off. And if they didn�t do it, he just kicked them out of the house. Most women wouldn�t know where to go, and probably non of them would ever go to the police. They had most likely just done what he asked, and ran to catch their plane, leave and to never return. Just as she would now.

Donna sighed �Let�s get it over with...� and she grabbed his shaft a bit uncertain, slowly moved her head closer to the tip, opened her mouth and swallowed the top. As she did she heard Dwayne chuckle again. �The bastard enjoys my humiliation, my submission� she knew. But she kept herself calm �I have to do this to get out of here. To get somewhere save. This is something I must do... a last insult before leaving this place.�

She let her tongue caress his head, especially underneath the head, where she knew the most sensitive part was. It would get him off so much faster. But it was disgusting. She knew she had probably done it last night with several men. But now she was sober, sick, and had a headache. Now she knew what she was doing. This she would always remember.

Dwayne grabbed a few pillows and seated himself more comfortable, half leaning back.

�Look at me mrs. Alldring.� He ordered. 

Humiliated Donna looked up to him. Their eyes met. She saw the grin on his face.

�I can�t even touch you with all the cum still on your face and hair from last night.� He said. He enjoyed humiliating her. And all Donna could do was to continue sucking his dick. �So you just do your best without my caresses.�

Donna kept looking at him as instructed as she licked and sucked his head for a while. 

�You are very inexperienced at this aren�t you?� he remarked �I mean, yesterday you was too drunk to really know what you have been doing, but now you do...� he sighed as Donna licked underneath his head �.. and you suck..�

Donna felt herself turn red. Half from anger, half from utter humiliation. As she was forced to suck this boy, years younger than she was, he had the nerve to tell her she was bad at it! 

But next she cursed herself for being so timid. �He�s playing with you Donna. Don�t fall into the trap, don�t listen to him. Just get him off, and let him take you home!�

And she sucked with renewed vigor at his head, and licked his shaft. She did try to improve her act.

�That�s more like it. Treat it like a popsicle, you filthy bitch!� Dwayne said. 

Donna thought of all the porn movies she had seen lately, especially where women sucked off dicks, and used those images to improve her act. She sucked him, licked him, kissed it. Looked him in the eye, and nibbled on his shaft. She grabbed his balls and played with them. 

�Getting better.� Was the only positive comment Dwayne said to her as she was totally playing the slut for him. Praying for this boy to come fast. Praying for her ordeal to end.

As she was busy she also felt her body complain at every move. They had really abused her. Her pussy lips felt awful, inside her pussy she felt as if it was bruised somehow. The same was going on with her ass. They must have fucked her hard in it. Her breasts, and especially her nipples hurt. And she had muscle pains everywhere. Probably from all the impossible positions she had been forced into.

Donna tried hard to forget her body, as it just was causing her to panic. Just the slightest thought of the consequences of the rape was enough to make her heart beat in overdrive.

�Moan a bit, you bitch. Let me know that you enjoy it.� Dwayne said as he obviously was getting excited. Donna felt his penis starting to pulsate faster, to respond with more vigor to her licking, sucking, biting.

Encouraged she finally was getting results she did as he told her to, and started to moan as if she was in heat too. She even tried to smile at him as she kept as much eye-contact with him as possible. �All to get him off...� was going through her mind over and over again.

She felt his dick preparing itself to ejaculate, and she shifted herself a bit to ready herself. She had no intention to swallow his filthy cum, but she knew she had to pretend she was going to, else he would order her to do so, and she would have to. Now she could have him ejaculate on her face, onto the cum already there. She was beyond objecting against that, given the situation.

�Wha� be goin� on he�?� a raspy voice said from behind. Donna felt Dwayne�s hand immediately on top of her head, forcing her to keep her head on his dick.

�Grandma, mi tol� ya knock fus ya com� in!!� Dwayne responded irritated. He covered himself with some pillows, but left Donna totally exposed.

Donna didn�t dare to move, as she felt the women behind her looking down at her.

�You keep fuckin� these foreign ho�s and you�ll be havin� no future!� the older lady responded �Them bitches ar� no comparison to descen� �oman. Why don� ya go fetch yaself a descen� black �oman?�

�I be too young fo� marriage grandma. When time come me marry, now I just pla�!�

This conversation obviously had taken place many times before, Donna understood. She felt degraded just a bit more with the grandmother discussing her as if she was a whore, a slut. Someone who had seduced her grandson, instead of him raping her, and forcing her into a blowjob. She felt Dwayne�s dick slowly getting soft, but she didn�t dare to stimulate it. She was afraid it would escalate the fight going on.

�Fuck them bitches!!� the grandma cursed �Shame on ya�, white whore, for having sex wit� me gran�son. He old enough to be your�s!!� She focused her anger now on Donna, seeing her grandson wasn�t impressed.

�Be gone, gran�ma!� Dwayne said �The soona� you go, the soona� me finish here!�

Grandma finally got the message after Dwayne several times repeated it. She in the mean time cursed Donna, and compared her with all the filth she knew. Even when she finally closed the door Donna could still hear her shouting insults at her.

�Don�t mind her.� Dwayne said as he rearranged himself �Just suck me off like the slut she says you are.� He chuckled again �She just can�t get used to the idea of me getting so many white women. She thinks you all are really easy sluts. All rich white tourists. An insult to women in general.�

Donna had to really push herself to start sucking on the limp dick in her mouth. She was ashamed of her own actions, of how she must look, sitting naked with some cloths hanging loose around her body, full of cum, and sucking a boys dick. The grandmother had all the right to be angry at her, even though it was not what it seemed. 

�Look at me bitch.� Dwayne said noticing her reluctance. When she looked him in the eye he continued �Things haven�t changed, they just got worse. If you walk out here without me my grandmother will send her sons, brothers, everything at ya. You don�t want to have that happening to you. Understood?�

Donna nodded her head as she looked him sadly in the eye. She was still trapped. She closed her eyes for a moment to regain her line of thought, or rather, loose it. She had to get back into her slut act. When she opened her eyes she started to lick, and suck Dwayne�s dick with the same vigor as before. 

�Don�t forget the noise� Dwayne said approvingly, and Donna responded by moaning just like before. She felt his dick stiffen fast, and knew her ordeal would soon be over. She licked, smiled sucked his head, bit his shaft gently, everything she recalled from the movies she had seen. And soon she felt Dwayne�s body stiffen. His thigh muscles went hard, he sat up a bit, and he started to moan loudly �Yeah, bitch, suck it like that, Yeah bitch!!!�

Donna was embarrassed as she knew the grandmother would hear everything. But she had no choice than to finish him off, and the faster she would do that, the faster he would shut up. She moaned back to him as loud as she dared, to encourage him to come fast. She felt his rod getting hard like iron, and started to pump him with her hand, while the other grabbed his thigh, his hip, his chest. She felt him climaxing, she felt the balls getting ready to shoot their load, the head was opening up as her tongue went passed it.

In time she lifted her head so the cum splattered onto her face. 

�Ooohh, yeah baby!� she said, as the boy�s cum filled her face. Donna acted like the slut on purpose, as she was afraid he would else get angry for her not swallowing. She started to understand men, especially this boy, who was enjoying being in charge. Donna smiled up at him as she took his sperm and spread it over her face and breast. She had seen that in porn movies, and she hoped it would satisfy him. And it got rid of the blobs of cum streaming down her face. That was a too disgusting feeling.

Dwayne fell for it. He smiled back at her and looked on as she played with his sperm. 

�You white chicks really are freaky!� he said as he got up. He walked to the chair where his towel was, picked it up and turned around. �I�ll be taking a quick shower, you just sit tight.� And he left her alone.

Donna sat herself on the bed and contemplated her situation. She listened to her surrounding, and noticed she could hear everything through these thin walls. The noise form the people walking an chatting outside, and the noise of people busy in the kitchen, probably the grandmother. She understood that not only the grandmother had heard them, but probably the neighbors too. It all just made her more dependable on Dwayne. He had to take her back to the hotel as soon as possible. �And where is my bag???� she wondered. She felt sick as she smelled herself. Not only the fresh cum, but the sweat, the dirt on her. She wondered of they pissed on her too. She looked at herself in the mirror, but stopped when she saw herself. How she needed a shower!!

Dwayne came back very fast according to Donna �Let�s go.� He said as he splashed some after shave on him.

�I can�t go like this!� Donna complained �Don�t you have something...�

�No!!� Dwayne said as he opened the door. Immediately Donna tried to cover herself. The torn dress was almost no use.

�Can�t I freshen up just a bit?� Donna tried meekly

�Let�s go, I�ve got other things to do. You have all you need at the hotel.� Dwayne said agitated. He was in a hurry.

�My bag..� She said 

�Here.� Dwayne lifted some clothing on the table, and her bag appeared. The contents laid scattered on the table. Obviously someone had been going through her stuff. Probably Dwayne.

�Hurry up mrs Alldring� Dwayne said, as he indicated for her to gather her things on the table.

As she collected her stuff, she knew she had been robbed too. All her money was gone, and some other stuff she had in it was missing too, like a small hairspray bottle, her lipstick. And she knew it was useless to complain about the missing stuff. She shoved everything into the bag and next was dragged by her arm outside the room, passed the grandmother who looked with utter disgust at her, and into the hot shining sun. It had to be close to twelve already.

As Donna adjusted to the sun she heard Dwayne on a cell phone. Hers was stolen too know she thought about it. She tied her dress together, so it at least covered her nipples and vagina, but it kept moving out of place. She was standing practically naked in some ghetto. Worse, she was wearing high heels, and a skimpy dress like some whore. And as biggest insult she was covered in sperm, dry and fresh. She knew she was looking too inviting for this neighborhood.

Dwayne finished up his conversation �That was Dalmar, he�s with Julie and Trixy at the hotel.� 

Donna was grateful he told her this. �At least they are safe.� She thought �Let�s hope nothing had happened to them.�

Dwayne took her by the arm again and dragged her to the side of the house where a four wheel motorcycle stood. It looked brand knew, shiny, clean, and expensive. Especially compared to the wooden shag he lived in. She would have never expected him to have such a vehicle.

He got up and turned on the engine. �Hop on the back� he said �And try not to make it dirty.�

Donna quickly complied, but as she sat down she understood she would be totally exposed to everybody on the road. By sitting with her legs spread the remnants of her dress disappeared into her ass crack and her vagina. If she didn�t want her lips to be shown to the public she had to stick her ass out. And that would mean her asshole would be exposed. And pushing up to Dwayne was not an option, as there was a small metal bar between the two seats.

Before she could complain to Dwayne he pulled up with force and drove off. She had to hold on tight to prevent from falling off. This meant her ass was sticking out even more. On top of that, the vehicle made an astonishing amount of noise, drawing attention to everyone around. Dwayne �burned rubber� all the way through the narrow streets of the ghetto, up until they reached a main road. The vehicle had swirled it�s back wheels, and several times Dwayne almost hit a house, or a passer by. And all people stared at her, laughing at her for being such a slut. 

She knew Dwayne was showing her off. And she knew there was nothing she could do about it. All she could do was to try to hide her breasts by pressing them against Dwayne�s back. But he made it a sport to pull up fast so she would move backwards. Her dress was soon not covering her nipples anymore, as her breasts wobbled freely for all to see every time she moved backwards. With her ass only in a string, and two black straps useless in front she appeared to be sitting naked on the motorcycle. And she needed both hands at all time to keep herself from falling off. Donna even heard her breast flap, and she cursed them for hanging so much. It was utterly embarrassing. 

On the main road it went a bit better, as there was a lot of traffic, so Dwayne didn�t had space to do his tricks, though he tried every time he got just a little. On the other side much more people looked on to Donna. Worse, they had a much better view the higher their vehicle was. Embarrassed she just held on a little bit tighter, and she placed her face in Dwayne�s neck, to hide her identity. There were a lot of tourists on the road, and most of them were American. She was afraid she would be recognized somehow. Maybe even by a hotel guest!

Slowly they moved through the streets going over the hills of the island. She had adjusted to the way Dwayne was driving, and now didn�t fall for his stupid tricks anymore. Yet she was still a sight to see. At first glance it looked as if she was sitting naked wearing just some black high heels. Only upon closer inspection would you see she actually had some kind of string on. Her whole back was bare though, and the side of her breast were clearly visible, even though she pressed them against Dwayne�s back as hard as she could. And if you even looked closer, a privilege only for those cars alongside Dwayne�s motorcycle, you could see traces of cum in her hair, on her face, on her body. The sweat she was producing underneath the hot sun only added to the filthy picture.

As she recollected herself she noticed another annoying thing happening. Her vagina and asshole were starting to itch. Worse, her awkward position forced her clit to be pressed on the seat, and thus it was exposed to the rough vibration of the engine, causing it to react, and thus her juices started to flow. Also her sweat was slowly trickling down through her ass crack, and in the front down through her legs, adding to her irritation. It was weird to feel her body react while her mind was still drowsy from the alcohol of last night. �All the nights with Ninon have caused my body to automatically react to any touch there� Donna thought �I have no control over it anymore, even as sick as I am my body just keeps on getting ready to be fucked. This must be something ms Brendan deliberately arranged. She made my body that of a slut.� These thoughts just added to her miserable feelings.

Dwayne had been on the phone frequently, though Donna didn�t follow what he was saying. But she found out when suddenly fellow motorcyclists appeared on the road. They all had four wheeled motorcycles, and they all were producing roaring noises to impress. As they teamed up with Dwayne they observed Donna and clearly laughed at her appearance. Donna naturally had a problem presenting herself as they waved at her, and said high. She just went beat red, and shyly smiled back. This reaction caused some handclaps among the group. Donna understood these boys had probably gang banged her yesterday, and were now looking at the result. They were probably pleased she acted defeated. 

�And they know about the morning blow job too� she figured as each one did the high five with Dwayne as they came alongside. �Please let the hotel be nearby!� 

But her ordeal wasn�t over yet. As the group moved on she felt hands, fingers touching her, and when she looked she saw that a boy was leaning over while driving and touching her ass. She couldn�t move away, and when she tried to hit his hand away with her hand her breast flopped free, causing a cheer among the group. And thus she just let the boy, and after him another one, and another, and another. 

All Donna did was hanging her head down on Dwayne�s shoulder, and cursing herself for being so drunk last night. It was all she could do. But the boys and girls meanwhile got more and more daring as they touched her, and soon she felt a finger painfully entering her ass. But there was nothing, nothing she could do about it. Even worse, as the finger found his way inside it hurt like hell, as it scraped her sore area. And when she adjusted her ass a bit to decrease the pain, the movement was interpreted by the gang as her willingness, eagerness to have her ass fingered, and they became even more brutal. Even the girls in the group had fun poking into her ass. Only they were really mean, and out to hurt her.

The only advantage was that as a side effect her itch in her ass was taken care of. But it was a mere relief, compared to the groping fingers, eventually even finding her pressed down vagina. 

�She be wet!!!� One young man shouted out loud when his fingers were deep between her legs, feeling the pool of sweat and juices she had produced. Cheers went up by the group of boys and girls when he held up his wet fingers.

Only Dwayne was not amused �Listen mrs Alldring.� He said to her �I told you not to make anything dirty! You�re gonna pay for cleaning this bike!�

�I�m sorry.� Was all Donna could muster. She was taken by his cruelty. He knew how they were treating her, he knew she was sweating like a pig underneath the hot sun, and had nothing on to absorb it. He was so unfair! 

And as if this wasn�t enough the police arrived to the scene. They slowly moved alongside the group of motorbikes, chatting with the boys and girls as they looked what was going on.

Donna turned beat red as they came alongside Dwayne�s bike. They looked at her for a moment, and then turned to Dwayne.

�She�s with you Dwayne?� the police officer asked. He obviously knew something fishy was going on.

�Ask her, man.� Dwayne said with a smile. He turned to the red faced Donna. �Tell the officers.�

Donna looked at his face, with the stupid triumphant smile plastered on it. �Oh how I would love to scratch it of his face!� she thought. But she knew she had to play along. She didn�t want the police to be involved. She just wanted to get to the hotel, pack, and leave. 

�Ma�am?� The police officer asked from his car. Both men were looking at her, knowing something was not right.

�Everything�s fine sir.� Donna said with a fake smile �They�re just bringing me back to the hotel.�

The police officer was a bit silent, and looked intently at her. He knew she was lying, but he couldn�t do anything. After a short moment he sighed. 

�Look ma�am� he told her �Next time dress up. For now I will not press charges, but next time I see you naked like this I take you to the station. Despite the �free for all� image of this island we do have some rules here.� 

�Now the hotel is close by, I figure she�s at the �Colonial�, right Dwayne? So if I see her like this on the road when I return, I book you both.� And with that they went on their way. The group cheered as they left. It obviously was a victory cheer, one that they had cheered many times before.

Donna was left fighting her tears. She felt humiliated, angry, hopeless. The only positive point was that the hotel was supposed to be close by. And indeed, five minutes of painful fingers pushed up her ass and pussy later they drove up the driveway of the hotel. 

The loud procession of course drew lot�s of attention. It being a high class hotel it was mostly negative attention. As Dwayne brought Donna right up to the main entrance the guards flogged to the scene, and even the manager walked up.

As soon as the bike of Dwayne stood still Donna jumped off, and ran into the hotel. She wobbled a bit on her heels, and adjusted her dress but it was no use. She ran as fast as she could away from the looking eyes. She heard a quarrel start behind her, with Dwayne shouting �Look what the bitch did to my seat!!� above all. Donna didn�t dare to look at any of the personal in the large hall, and just went straight to the elevator.

When she had punched in the level she turned and looked into the hall. Dwayne was walking up to the elevator together with some friends, and followed by the manager and some guards, who held back the majority of the group.

Red faced Donna was helpless as they stopped the doors from closing and went in, immediately starting to grope her. Dwayne meanwhile was in a heavy discussion with the manager who also entered the elevator.

�We are with her, she invited us. Didn�t you bitch?� Dwayne was saying, as he looked at her furious. It intimidated Donna as she felt also the other boys�s grip on her tighten as a warning.

�They are with me, sir.� Donna blurted out.

�Madam. We just simply can not allow this. We are a respectable hotel, and we don�t want our guest running naked through the lobby in broad daylight, nor do we like a motor parade up our lawn.�

�Ah just shut up. The lady wants some fun before she leaves, and she is leaving today anyway.�

�Never to return.� The manager said looking Donna straight into the eyes.

The elevator stopped and the manager got out, holding the door open for the group of youngsters and Donna.

Donna was pushed along the hallway to her room. She knew she was going to be raped again, but was scared, and frustrated, beaten. She was just too weak to resist, and the boys knew it. �I�m one of the many they used like this.� She thought wearily, as they entered the room �I�ll get through this just like the others have�. 

Once inside they immediately opened up the mini bar and took the drinks, stashing them into their pockets. �Take as much as you can from the bitch, it is payback for my seat.� Dwayne told the boys in the room.

One of the boys pushed her on the bed, and she fell flat on her beg. He shoved her legs apart and took her by her thighs and positioned her correctly. He dropped his pants and his erect member appeared only to disappear immediately into Donna. The hard thrust hurt, but she was grateful she was wet. It at least lessened the pain, and after the initial hard trusts of the boy she could adjust, and it didn�t hurt anymore. Physically that is, as mentally she just drifted away. She closed her eyes and hoped it all would be over soon. How could she be in this situation? Why didn�t the hotel manager save her? Why didn�t anybody, not even the police, help her?

As the room filled with her grunts and that of the boy the others wandered through her stuff and took casually whatever they wanted. Dwayne walked up to the large balcony.

�Hey Dalmar, how you doing?� Donna heard him say.

�Fine, you brought their mom?� Dalmar asked.

�She�s in the room, still doing what she did all night.� Dwayne said �How are you doing ladies?� 

�He is greeting my daughters!!!� Donna understood �They are right there on the balcony!!� she panicked �What if they see me??� The boy who was fucking the tired Donna was by now picking up speed, and he groped her roughly and lifted her a bit as he thrusted just a bit deeper and harder into her. It hurted again, and she couldn�t suppress some hard grunts. How she hated to make noise with the door open.

�You are still busy with her?� Dalmar said surprised

�Yes, mrs Alldring is a feisty one, she just can�t get enough.� Dwayne said with a chuckled. The chuckled Donna by now hated so much.

�Mom is in there? She�s....?� Donna heard Julie ask.

�Let�s give her some privacy.� Dalmar said, and Donna heard the door close. She was grateful to Dalmar, as he spared her the embarrassment of being seen by her daughter while being fucked by a boy half her age.

The boy in the mean time climaxed and spurted his semen into her. She felt every separate shot into her womb of the filthy sticky hot stuff. Donna started to cry softly out of sheer humiliation.

�You�re next man.� The boy said as he pulled his limp dick out of her. A trail of sperm mixed with Donna�s juices went out from her vagina to his dick.

�I hate sloppy seconds man.� One of the other boys said as he looked disgusted at the sticky mess poring out of Donna. He walked up to Donna and slapped her on the side of her ass. �Turn around, filthy bitch.� He ordered.

Crying Donna obeyed. �Knees on the bed, and stick your ass up.� Again Donna did as she was told. She grabbed a pillow and pushed her face into it, so she could cry out loud. She needed to to relief herself. 

The boy grabbed her by her hips and adjusted her position, so her ass was even more in the air. He gave her a few hard slaps on her ass. �Nice position, now keep it like this bitch.� She heard him zip down his trousers, and next felt his head pushing against her asshole.

�Without lube that�s gonna hurt man.� Someone said.

�Better than sloppy seconds.� The boy simple answered. And he tried to enter her ass. The pain was awful and Donna screamed loudly into the pillow, and trashed with her arms around, trying to stop him. She made such wild movements the boy couldn�t really go on. �Told you you�d needed some lubricant.� 

�Alright, let�s find some. Ask outside..�

�Noooo!� Donna shouted in her mind, but before she could do anything the door to the terrace was opened 

�Do you girls have some lube, oil or something?� she heard the obscene question.

�Man, please, can�t you just do whatever you�re doing without embarrassing these ladies?� Dalmar again protecting her daughters, Donna heard. She was grateful he at least made an effort to shield her actions from her daughters.

�Hey, we just needed some lube, else she just can�t take it up the...�

�Alright we get the picture. Julie, can you check..?� Dalmar interrupted him.

She heard some shoveling of chairs, and next noises in the adjacent room. 

�What must they think of me!!!� went through the mind of Donna as she held the position. �Let this be over fast, please!!�

�Here you are.� She heard Julie say.

�We have lubricant!!� The boy shouted as he entered back into the room. The others cheered as the bottle was tossed to the boy standing behind her.

�And close the damn door!!!� Dalmar was saying, and she heard the door close with a big bang. Again Donna was grateful he was making sure her daughters were kept out of this.

She felt cold oil being squeezed on her ass crack, and a hand smearing the stuff around and into her ass. She bucked as it hurt like hell for some reason. She felt a sharp pain every time the fingers poked deep inside her. 

�Gently please..� she said as she turned her head towards the boy behind her.

�Shut up and get ready slut!� the boy said, but he did ease down a bit. Donna pushed up her ass a bit more as a thank you. She knew it was better to cooperate as it would keep them from seriously harming her.

But when his dick went inside the pain just got too much again.

�PLEASE STOP!!� she shouted as she bucked wildly on the bed, trying to get away from the strong boy holding her in her place. �STOP STOP!!�

�Damn, something hard is inside her!� The boy said at the same time, as he pulled out his dick �It stung my head!�

Laughter was all around. Donna breathed heavily as the pain subsided.

�Get it out of you woman, so I can fuck you again.� The boy instructed, and Donna meekly obeyed. Her fingers went into her ass, while she lay in shame on the bed. Her face once again pushed deep into the pillows. She carefully looked with her fingers inside her ass for something, and indeed something hard was inside her.&nbsp; 

�Hey lads, hurry up here, we have to check out and bring the ladies to the airport!� Dalmar said as he peeked inside.

�Okay, hurry up mrs Alldring!� the boy behind her said as he smacked her ass loudly. It wasn�t painful, but the loud smack could obviously be heard on the balcony. Donna cursed herself for having so much bad luck. To be in the hands of some locals, why didn�t management stop them? He had to know something fishy was going on?

She carefully pulled out the item that was in her ass by pushing with her ass, and pulling it with her fingers.

�Look at that!!� the boy laughed as he grabbed what Donna pulled out of her ass. A used lipstick with brush and all. Donna looked at it as the boy held it up in the air, and saw it was her own lipstick brush, which had been missing as so many items from her purse. �All smelly, and it painted her ass a bit red, look!�

Laughing all around her the boys came up to look at her painted rim. The boy used the last remnant of lip gloss to paint her whole rim a bright red. Just for fun.

�Now listen slut, we don�t have much time, so you�re gonna do us all together. Lay down there Mickey, and you slut get up and sit on him. Just like yesterday when we all gang banged you.�

Donna meekly obliged and climbed on top of �Mickey�. His erect penis was shoved into her almost immediately. 

�The bitch is wet!� the boy exclaimed as he entered her. 

Donna meanwhile focused on getting the penis deep into her, and positioning in such a way she wouldn�t be hurt too much when the others would enter her. When the first boy pushed her in the back she automatically leaned forward as much as she could, and raised her ass for him. 

�Cool, she�s into it right now!� The boy said. He mistook her reluctant compliance for eagerness. Donna felt his dick touch her ass rim, and next felt it enter with a bit of pain, but not nearly as much as when the lip brush was inside her. She wriggled to get him deep inside her too.

�And at last you suck me off.� The third boy said as he climbed on the bed and stood before her face with his erect member. 

Donna looked at the dick in front of her, and smelled the awful smell. She saw the dark curly hair on his balls, and up to his belly. She was actually repulsed by the sight and smell. It was just plain gross. Yet she knew she had to or else he would slam it into her throat or worse. She closed her eyes and grabbed the penis, opened her mouth and took it in. 

As expected it tasted awful too. She had to overcome a gagging reflex, and just tried to coat it as quick as possible with her own slime. 

All three boys now inside her started to hump into her. It made it difficult for her to concentrate on her sucking, spitting on the ugly dick.

�Look at me!� the boy demanded. Donna opened her eyes and looked up. A triumphant face looked down on her. Donna couldn�t ignore the thought popping into her mind she normally wouldn�t even notice a creep like this. Not only was he ugly, but the gold tooth, the golden earrings, the haircut, it all was like out of a cheap hip hop clip. And from his looks he didn�t seem too intelligent either. 

�Yet here I am sucking his dick anyway, and looking him in the eye as told...� she thought as she tried to look sexy at him. It was really difficult with him bucking faster and harder. Soon she had to take a breather as all the air was pushed out of her by the boys slamming in her below. They too were getting close to climaxing, and Donna knew her ordeal was nearly over.

The shooting in the room became obscene, and loud.

�Fuck bitch, fuck me back, yeahh�

�Do you feel me up your ass bitch, do you like me sodomizing yah??�

�Fucking white slut!!�

�Suck me hard whore, swallow my prick!!�

Donna�s self esteem went lower by every remark, especially as she knew her daughters would hear all. And yet she had to participate, had to act the eager slut. She had to wriggle into the most unconvenient curves just to keep them from hurting her. They were too rough. Every time she took a breather, the boy she sucked would slap her hard on the cheeks of her face and tell her not to stop. The boys down below her were competing in who could mangle her ass and breast the hardest. Let alone that both dicks in her nether holes where fighting for space, and painfully stretching her, especially when their dicks didn�t go in normally, but hit the side walls hard. She knew she would be bruised inside all over.

Finally, finally the boys couldn�t hold it anymore and one by one they shot their load. First went the boy in her pussy, next her mouth was filled, or better, her throat, and finally her ass got its rest as that boy finished too.

Donna fell limp on the bed, tired and hurt, and above all, humiliated. Her mind had gone blank and she just lay on the bed as the boys zipped up their pants, shorts and chatted with each other. She curled up into her fetus position with her head in a pillow.

That�s how moments later Julie gently touched her.

�Mom, mom...� she softly whispered. 

Donna looked at her with red eyes from crying.

�We really have to hurry, you got to shower and dress. We already had packed your suit cases. We gotta go...�

She helped Donna get up, and escorted her to the bathroom. Donna acted onautomatic pilot, and just showered, washing away her filthy feeling. The boys really had hurt her, and she had already felt awful from the alcohol and whatever had happened last night.

�What will the girls think of me now?� Went through her head time and time again. She couldn�t face them, even though they were so friendly to her. She was their mother, and she had fucked up big time. And almost in front of them. 

After the shower, she dressed and they went downstairs. Donna was very timid, and just followed the group. Dalmar and Dwayne were chatting as if nothing had happened, although Dalmar looked at her with an honest concerned look. But he kept away from her, as he probably noticed she wanted to be left alone. How she longed for her own house now, where she could lock herself up in her bedroom!!!

But the group had to first pass the check out corner, where the manager was eagerly awaiting them. Obviously to get rid of them personally.

�I already have your bill ready.� He said correctly, but coldly too. �You are a bit late. I included a penalty.�

�What!?!!� Julie objected, but Donna hushed her. She didn�t want no scene, she just wanted to get out.

She looked for her credit card, but it was gone of course. She looked at her girls and showed them her empty wallet. �Oh no!� Trixy said as she understood the problem.

Donna�s mind raced through her options. No card, no money,...

�Can I make a phone call?� Donna asked �An international one?�

�By all means do.� The manager said, as he understood her predicament.

Donna quickly took the phone and dialed a number. She looked tensed at her daughters, who looked just as tensed back. They were already getting late for their plane ride all knew.

�Ms Brendan?� Donna said �What luck I found you at home!� and next she explained her situation. She finally handed the phone over to the manager, and the bill got paid by phone.

�You owe her big time for this.� Julie said, and Donna smiled wryly. �You have no idea...� she thought. But she just couldn�t think of anyone else to call who could help them so fast. And without questions. Donna had no intentions of letting Robert know she lost her card, it would just raise questions she didn�t want to answer, that excluded her family too, and her friends, well, she hadn�t really had that much contact with them lately, so to call them for such an amount of money. Let alone the embarrassment of borrowing such an amount of money.

The group was taken by Dalmar to his rental, and they went on to the airport. 

�Girls..� Donna said while they raced through traffic �What happened on this island, stays on this island...� she looked at them intently. They looked back and nodded. 

�We understand.� Trixy said. And that remark did hurt the most. She was now officially a slut in their eyes. But Donna smiled back �Thank you..� and left it at that. She went back into her own self, and did no more talking. She didn�t even wanted to think, because every time she did she cursed herself for drinking alcohol while using medicine, and for letting herself be raped. She really wondered how she had been so cooperative. It must have been her exhaustion, as she really did not wanted to fuck, and had not enjoyed it at all. 

And thus she was busy with her own mind all the time up until she fell asleep in the plain after it had taken off. Her nice dream of the Caribbean had been crushed by reality. And the good feeling she had just a day ago was long gone. A small single tear drooped along her face as her last thought was about how unfair it was. How unlucky she was as of late.

 











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.



Consequences, the check up



Donna was sitting in the spacious living room of Ms Brendan. The light of the cold December sun was poring in through the glass door leading to the terrace. It brightened the white room only so much. Especially if you had only recently experienced what a real hot tropical soon was like. The grey appearance of the light only added to her dreadful feeling.

It was too cold to sit outside now, and even inside it was chilly. Especially if you was as naked as Donna. She nervously flipped her legs the other way, crossing her right leg over her left this time. The platform shoe floated through the air as she did so. She adjusted the straps of the shoes for the tenth time. She looked at the door wondering where ms Brendan was... And in what mood she would be.

�The platform shoes do not promise anything good...� she figured. By now she had learned the connection between ms Brendan�s mood and what she was told to wear in her house. Being told to wear only the see-through platform shoes indicated she was pissed. It was the clothing for someone about to be punished. She feared she would be whipped again. And for what? It was so unfair!

She switched legs again, and fumbled with the straps of the heavy shoes. It was not that they were not fitting her, it was more a nervous tick. 

�Hello Cutty.� Ms Brendan said as she finally walked into the room. �How are you?�

Donna stood up immediately �Fine, thank you ms Brendan.� She walked over to her and kissed the willing ms Brendan. Her tongue went into her mouth and eagerly fought with hers. Her hands were around the petite body of ms Brendan, caressing her lower back. �I love you, ms Brendan.� She whispered as she looked ms Brendan in the eye after the passionate kiss. She saw the smile around ms Brendan lips, knowing she had given her one of her best kisses yet. She hoped it would please her, and thus would help herself.

�You are getting better at it.� Ms Brendan complimented her. �Sit down.� 

The cold instruction reminded Donna who was still in charge, and who was still angry. She quickly walked back to the couch and sat down. She made sure she placed her legs alongside each other, with her knees together and a bit to the side, so her legs looked longer. Her body upright, and her breast pushed forward a bit. She wanted to look at her best, show ms Brendan she still had taken good care of her own body, despite the vacation. With her freshly oiled body, her nails done, her hair with the fresh cut, she was for sure a site to behold. The spa had done wonders, again. 

Ms Brendan sat down and looked at the married women who exposed herself to her. She crossed her legs and held her knee with both her hands. She looked intently at Donna for a long time without saying a word. Donna kept smiling back at her keeping her pose. 

The Caribbean sun had colored her nicely, ms Brendan saw. There is always a difference between the real and the artificial sun. Though the artificial sun tan would be kind of be better for Donna, it would tell the world she was a slut. Especially as she had to go for the darker sun tan. 

But ms Brendan was pleased to notice she did her best to pose as she did. It was so wonderful to see a woman like Donna posing like this. It was in essence a descent pose, one for sophisticated business women, legs together, decently to the side, and her back straight up. Yet naked, on the whorish platform heels it showed her off as a sexual plaything. Something to use, to abuse. And her face full of stress, fear added to the feeling of superiority ms Brendan loved so much. Like a dear looking into the bright headlights, defenseless, at her mercy. She took her time to enjoy the view of this woman.

 �What should I do with you?� ms Brendan finally broke the silence. She waited a few seconds before she continued �You surprised me, actually. In a negative way that is.�

�Normally when I allow a girlfriend to enjoy the fruits of her hard labor, her obedience, they come back to me rested, and usually with a fresh spirit. They usually used their vacation, free time, to do whatever they would have done in the past. Enjoy the family, visit old friends, go shopping, you name it.� She shook her head slowly

�But you, you used your free time to get into trouble. You used it to enjoy your new found skills.� She looked at Donna again, straight into her eyes. Donna had to look down, embarrassed. �Have you no shame, woman?�

Ms Brendan loved it when Donna�s face turned red, as it did now.

�From what I�ve heard from your daughters they are ashamed of you too. They can�t understand how you could have behaved like such a slut. And you understand you placed them in danger too, right?�

Donna meekly shook her head up and down. She was right, her actions had placed her girls in danger, but luckily Dalmar had protected them at the time. Worse was the way they looked at her now. They were so disappointed in her. She cheated on their dad right in front of them. She made a fool of herself, a willing slut. �And it all is not true, not by far!� Donna thought miserable �I was drunk one night, one night, and even drunk by accident. And later I couldn�t do anything but cooperate. They would have caused so much more trouble. And once they already gang banged me all night, those extra fucks didn�t matter really.�

�And I was too weak to protect myself, to weak to stop them.� She excused herself some more �How unfair I am blamed for this!!� But her girls did blame her. They avoided her since she was back. �My relationship with them is at an all time low...�

�The weird thing is this is kind of new to me.� Ms Brendan spoke up again �Normally when a woman has been on her own again, and has rested, she starts to contemplate her situation, and think it over. Usually this results in them wanting to end it, and take the consequences for granted. In short, they try to fight me, resist me.� 

Donna looked at ms Brendan again, wondering where she was getting at. She indeed had those thoughts up until the last day, when all went horribly wrong. �Now I am just a mess, and even more in debt by her, more in her claws...�

�That�s when I have to correct them in the hardest way possible, to show them who�s in charge.� 

Donna was amazed how this woman could be so relaxed, so normal, while she just explains how she really literally controls, abuses, other females!!

�I love that part. To humiliate them, to surprise them with my evil ways. To hit them unsuspectedly, there were it hurts them the most. Sometimes it has to be harsh physical punishment, sometimes I have to use more subtle ways, like threats, psychological pressure, you name it.�

�You can�t imagine the joy I get out of getting them back in line again. All those different minds, and I can get them to do what I tell them to.� Ms Brendan�s eyes lit up as she was obviously thinking about her past devious acts. Yet she remained in her formal pose, wearing her stylish business suite. And still looking down on Donna. �It is really challenging, really a kick to achieve obedience again. And always even more than before...�

 �In the end, I always take charge again, and it makes clear to them who�s the boss, who they love, and why. It is an important lesson for my girlfriends. One that truly shows my superiority, and their lowliness...� Silence. She looked at the naked woman in front of her for a while. 

�Well...� Donna thought miserably �Lowliness I do feel... towards everybody...�

�You Cutty... you misbehaved, punished yourself. Kind of. � She frowned a bit in wonder �I didn�t figure you to be so stupid to get drunk and get raped. Let alone expose your daughters to the same danger. They were lucky they made a better choices in men than you did.�

�You ended your vacation being fucked all night and day by a local black gang. In front of your family, in a respectable luxurious hotel. The latter was obviously wasted on you. You know your daughters saw you actually fucking three, if not four man at the same time, of whom you did not even knew their names. Complete strangers. You are their mother, you should give the right example. You almost messed up your marriage, as they for sure would have told your husband...�

Donna hoped that wouldn�t be the case. She had asked, no begged, her daughters not to tell Robert. She had begged them not to tell anyone. She told them she was sorry, she would make it up to them. She pleaded for them to forgive her. That it was not the way it looked. They didn�t say anything, didn�t promise her they would be quite, and least of all, didn�t say they wouldn�t tell Robert. �They told ms Brendan everything...� she thought as a tear went down her face �Will they tell Robert?�

�And so you are here back again, home, but with a lot more worries. What had to be a mind easing vacation you yourself turned into a hellish experience... I am also very angry with you for fucking strange men. Who knows what kind of diseases they carry. You are old enough to know you should have at least used condoms, but no, Cutty had to do flesh on flesh. You really are a stupid cow.�

Donna had to fight her tears as she heard the insults. She felt like bursting into tears. She did feel stupid. She indeed had been stupid for not using condoms, but she had been drunk! She was raped, she didn�t do anything wrong, they did it to her! But still she felt guilty, especially as every time she had to think of the dangers she brought on to her daughters. 

And when she thought of the humiliating experience with the doctor...

�The results from the tests are back.� Ms Brendan said, waiting a while, leaving Donna looking at her anxiously, �... and you have no disease or whatever.�

Donna sighed in relief. She had gone immediately to the doctor for a thorough check up. She had to anyway, as instructed before she left, but with the rape by all the men, she was more than willing to undergo the humiliated treatment. 

Donna recalled how she even had asked Julie for her morning after pill in the plain. Julie reluctantly had given her the pill, but she didn�t spoke a word, obviously disgusted. They even sat apart. And both her daughters didn�t speak with her up to now. The silence in the house was killing. It was the worse torment of all.

And the doctor had treated her awful too. Just as ms Brendan she told her she should have known better. It proved the misguided view she had of Donna, and even made it worse. During the taking of the blood samples, the inspection of her holes, she was rude, and verbal. The stroke she took from her vagina felt like a knife. 

She had been too ashamed to object, or try to convince her it was all wrong. In the back of her mind lingered also the thought this women could be acting, could be in on the scheme, and most likely was. So complaining was not an option, it would just make matters worse, and so she just humbly underwent the rough treatment.

�That�s the good news. But I want you to understand you are under contract, so you only fuck when, and who I tell you to. We can�t have you getting some vd. You understand?�

Donna knew the contract. How long did she sign up for? What actually, was she now a whore at all times? Would she be forced to be?

�And that as you might have guessed includes your husband, Robert. However, as long as he is working hard I will use you to reward him. Being a smart little bitch you have figured out it would be wise to pressure him into working hard and good, else I might use your services on someone else...�

Ms Brendan looked silently at Donna again, to let the words sank in. She had to give it to the woman, she had her fun with her, but also made sure her business profited from it, somehow.

�She knows I will push Robert to work harder, so I won�t have to fuck someone else. And what better way to motivate a man than to have his wife pressure him, and reward him with lots of sex if successful.� Donna understood the scheming of ms Brendan, and she knew she would follow up on it. She had to.

�I see you get the picture.� Ms Brendan said finally, reading her thoughts.

�To make things more clearer for you, I figured I�d use some additional blackmail. You know your daughters spoke with me about your escapades...�

Donna�s eyes grew big, she feared the worse.

�I have told them to keep quite for now, as you begged of them. But...� she put a warning finger in the air �If you don�t do as I say, or better, if I am not pleased with your actions, reactions on them, I will tell them to come clean with their dad. Immediately.�

Donna hung her head down. This was getting worse and worse.

�So you have now some extra incentive to follow the rules, and on the other side, I can step up my grip on you. Don�t you agree, Cutty?�

Donna shook her head in agreement as tears flowed over her downward face. She thought miserably of how incredibly hopeless her situation was now.

�I said: don�t you agree, Cutty?� 

�I.. I agree..� Donna stammered.

�Good. Let me explain how this will work out. I have told them I would get you in to therapy. Today is your first session according to them. I will have a therapist call them to explain the result of the first session. Basically, you have been told to get everything out of your system for a while. That means you will be acting the slut more often...�

�As it isn�t very appropriate for young girls, women, to see their mother like this, all of you will avoid each other. There will be no more talking with your daughters, unless they talk with you. No more dining together, no more driving to school. It is a crucial part of the therapy as far as they understand. You can leave notes for them, for urgent matters, but they are told to give all to the therapist.�

�No..please..., leave my family out of this...� Danna begged lifting her head showing her red eyes.

�That is the whole idea, Cutty. I want them, just like you, to be out of the way as we progress to the next level. Or do you want to discuss everything you are told to do with them in detail?�

�No.. but ...� Donna replied.

�Understand it is better for all of you. They think you are getting help, and just have to go down, before going up. You can go down without worrying they�ll think you are a freaky slut, whose wrecking her marriage, her family.�

Donna saw the logic, knew it was true in a twisted way. It would help her protect her family, as she could distance herself. But it was bringing in lies into her family. And where would it end?

�Isn�t their another way? Please?� she asked.

�Not anymore.� Ms Brendan shook her head �I need you to go to the next level, and as you fucked up, this is the only way I see fit. So you better go along, and you protect your family from your wicked ways. All you need to do is outlive all your disgusting fantasies for a while. They will see, and understand. That is, your daughters will. This all has to be a big secret for Robert. Men are so picky with respect to their wives fucking around...�

Donna hung her head in shame. She was defeated once again by ms Brendan. In her twisted games it was best to cooperate, go along.

�That leaves us to prep you for the job of a whore. Stand up and walk to me.� Ms Brendan said afresh.

Donna stood up as she cleaned away her tears, trying not to mess up her make up too much. She walked over to ms Brendan, who was up too.

�Let me clean that for you.� She offered gently, and cleaned her face with wet tissues, removing all the make up as she did. �I need a clean canvas.� She explained with a loving smile. 

The soft strokes calmed Donna, and when the last tissue paste her lips she was calm again. She opened her eyes and saw ms Brendan smiling friendly at her, and next they kissed again. Donna needed someone to care for her, share her feelings with, and ms Brendan was the only one who in a twisted way knew how she really felt. Therefore she eagerly gave herself to this evil woman. 

The kiss was long and passionate, with Donna gently instructed to keep her arms to herself, and ms Brendan caressing her body, her breasts, her nipples. Donna had a hard time not using her hands, but she tried to respond to the loving touches by kissing more passionately. �Oh, how I needed someone to just hold me.� She thought frustrated �Even if it is the one causing all this...�

After what seemed ages they stopped their kiss. Ms Brendan and Donna looked each other in the eye. It was a moment where Donna really felt connected with ms Brendan. The kiss was a true loving kiss somehow, and it had made her feel at ease. Ms Brendan kept softly messaging her tits, which Donna was willingly offering by bending her back a bit more. The gentle hands moving over her sensitive nipples, areolas, underneath, lifting them gently, playing with them. It just felt good, and Donna enjoyed the moment.

And the moment was over way too soon. Ms Brendan lowered her hands, and stepped back, observing the aroused Donna, standing tall in front of her.&nbsp; 

�Let me call in the expert.� Ms Brendan broke the silence, and the magic was gone. Donna was back on earth, and knew she was about to be exposed to some stranger again. Dreadfully she looked around who would enter the room.

Ms Brendan made an internal call, and in walked a short man. From his clothing, his hair, his face, you could immediately tell he was gay. Extremely gay. And that actually made Donna feel more comfortable. �At least he isn�t sexually attracted to my body.� She figured.

�This is the lady?� the man said as he folded his hands and looked her over. The man had his hair filled with blond streaks, and it was all spiky lick he was a member of a boys band, He was wearing expensive designer clothing, a large blue blouse, some black jeans, and pointy black shoes. He had a sun tan too, be it too dark for a man. His face was a bit old, and Donna figured he was in his forties.

�You are fabulous my dear.� The man said as he walked up to her. 

�No-no-no, no hands please.� He said as he put his hands up in the air to his side, avoiding her friendly gesture theatrically. �just keep those alongside your body, and keep still while I inspect you.�

He walked around her, and mad some small comments. 

�Open your mouth� he said once back in front of her. Donna did and he grabbed her opened mouth and bend her over a bit so he could look inside �Stick out your tongue�

�Okay, this is a bit gross.� He commented �From now on when you brush your teeth you must brush your tongue too. No more white stuff on it, unless it is sperm, understood?� he looked her in the eye, and Donna nodded her head as much as she could. He then proceeded to check her teeth with a small wooden spoon.

The man next grabbed the back of her head, and started to examine her face �Close your eyes.� He instructed, and she felt him touch her cheeks, nose, even looked into her nose, touched her eye browse, opened her eyes one by one, checked her hairline. He pushed her down a bit and went through her hair, examining her skull, looking behind her ears, inspecting her ears, inside out.

�Up� he instructed when he was finished, and Donna stood back straight on her high heels. The obnoxious man proceeded to feel her neck and shoulders from behind. �Nice tender neck, and good shoulder muscles� he complimented. He was talking more to ms Brendan than to Donna. �No fat anymore� he said as he felt her arms down to her hand. He looked at the palm of her hands as he moved in front of her again. �And such soft hands, nice slender fingers. Very nice.� 

Donna nervously moved her eyes looking at the man and ms Brendan, not knowing what was going on. Where this was leading to.

The creep went on to feel her breasts. �Hold them up please.� He ordered, and Donna did, after looking humiliated at ms Brendan who�s look left no doubt at what was expected from her. Holding out her own breast for the man he continued his check up, feeling her nipples, checking their sizes, pinching them to get them harder. He measured her areolas �Good, good, not too big... nice� he clapped her hands away, and lifted her breasts and let them fall a few times, looking at ms Brendan with a mock disappointed look. He flapped her breasted a few times hard and wiggled them from side to side �No, these just won�t do.� He said �They are way too flappy flappy.�

He left it at that, and went on to inspect her stomach. �Flex� he instructed, and Donna flexed her muscles. �Good� he said, he roughly proceeded checking her piercing, smiling at ms Brendan, as he understood that was her doing, her mark.

He returned to the back of her, and Donna felt his hands softly message her back, all the way to her naked ass. She sighed a few times deeply to get over the humiliation she felt. She wondered if she should object, and felt ashamed she had to even think about it, instead of just objecting outright. But she concluded it was too late to object now, and it would anger ms Brendan �And angering that bitch is not an option right now.� She felt good she at least called her bitch in her mind. They might control her outside for now, but her mind was still her own, and protesting all the way.

Meanwhile the gay man felt up her ass �Typically female, too much fat to my liking.� He said as he lifted her behind and let it drop. �But nicely trained still� he approved. �Bent over sweety� he instructed, and Donna bend over slightly �Further, all the way down, as far as you can go.� He said.

Humiliation overwhelmed Donna once again, as she followed the instructions and bend over 

�Keep those legs stretched. Hand on your back.� Ms Brendan reprimanded her when she slightly bowed her knees. 

�Legs together.� The man behind her added. He felt her ass, and when she was sufficiently bend over he let a finger go through her ass crack. Donna looked at the man as he did so, and he for a moment looked her in the eye too, and gave a short friendly smile, and a pat on her left ass cheek. �She needs to have some hair removal done here. That is a must for dark haired women, their ass hair in the crack shows too much, it is disgusting really.�

He placed two hands on top of her ass and looked at her behind from a short distance. �Squeeze.� He instructed and she did, his latest remark still lingering in her mind. She saw he shook his head approvingly up and down. �Like this she will be a great fuck, especially if she squeezes hard.� He told ms Brendan. He got up and looked at her ass hole in earnest. He dipped a few fingers into a jar with gel, and she felt his finger slide into her ass hole. 

�How humiliating!!� went through her mind, but she didn�t protest. 

Once inside he told her to squeeze again, and after she did she had to repeat it every time after one more finger was up her ass hole,&nbsp; until all five fingers where in her ass and he started to push his whole hand into her. Donna grunted softly in protest, for the first time. His large hand was too much. Luckily he stopped immediately when she grunted �Her ass is not stretched enough, or she is not trained well enough.� He remarked. The latter scared Donna, and she looked at ms Brendan.

�She�s still a novice.� Ms Brendan told the man, not even looking back at Donna.

�Okay, that explains her reaction.� He said as he popped his hand out of her. He looked at her rim which felt as it was gaping wide open. �She�s quite irritated here, an infection or something like it?� he inquired, his hands on her buttocks again, opening up her hole.

�No, part of her training. A mere side effect.� Ms Brendan answered.

�I see...� the man looked at her ass hole for a while, and then she felt him touch her pussy lips which now pointed backwards.

�Freshly shaved.� He noted positively �Spread your legs, dear� he told Donna as he looked her in the eye and smiled gently. 

As she did so he felt her pussy lips, tugged at them, and looked for her clit. Her vagina reacted immediately to the treatment, and she felt her juices flowing.

�It always works well, doesn�t it. I almost feel her juices being produced.� He commented as he worked Donna�s clit. He bend down to have a closer look from below, into her pussy, which he opened up wide.

Donna was humiliated, and did her best to think of anything else, and didn�t listen to the conversation, tried not to at least.

�I want her squirting.� Ms Brendan said �It makes it easier for men to notice if she came.�

�Ah, that�s right, you love that don�t you.� The men said as he sniffed Donna�s pussy. �Smells ok. Fishy.�

�I want all my girlfriends to enjoy their work, and thus they need to come when having sex, always. What better way to enjoy yourself than to come? And to enforce that men know she came too, I want them squirting when they come. It takes a bit of training and some special treatments, but in the end they all do, more or less.�

�No faking it for you,.. what�s her name?� the men asked

�Call her Cutty,.� 

�Ah due to this scarf here...� he looked at the deep heeled cut.

�It is.... different.� He said �Don�t know if it improves her looks, or turns people off.� He went with his fingers along the cut, away from her lips and back.

�It is definitely weak tissue, so if you stretch her too much it will rip.� He mumbled �But to stretch her so far...that won�t happen often.�

�And we can put safety rings in them or so.� Ms Brendan suggested

�That would make her fall into the kinky market. Not many people like that, and it attracts abusive people. She would have to be trained extensively.�

�Well, she decides herself, by her own behavior.� 

�Okay, get up...� the man said to Donna as he lifted herself up, and walked in front of her.

Donna stood straight up again, and looked at ms Brendan for further instructions. 

�Those breasts are really misplaced.� The men said as he lifted a breast again and let it fall. He next went down to her pussy again, squatting in front of it, and looking at the private area around it. 

�I wouldn�t remove all hair permanently, just the sides. It is modern to have some hair, in different shapes, above the pussy.� He suggested. 

�the cut does show doesn�t it.� He said as he looked at it again.

�Her own doing.� Ms Brendan said �Each of my girlfriends chooses her own destiny...�

�Poor thing.� 

The man was finished with her vagina, which was now extremely wet from all the attention. He proceeded to feel her thighs, and down to her calfs, her ankles.

�Okay seen enough of her standing.� He said as he got up again. �Can you walk around the room Cutty?� 

Donna humbly walked around the room showing off her naked body. �Do a bit more a slutty walk, please� She wiggled her as more, and crossed her legs as she walked, and swayed her arms. She had learned this walk already from Ninon. Part of her nightly routine.

�You see.� The man commented as he stood beside ms Brendan, with one hands folded, and the other pointing at Donna, or on his cheek. �Those breasts... they wobble too much, they hang too much. Not nice.�

Ms Brendan said nothing but smiled interested.

�Okay, now come here you little slut.� The man said with a smile, partly joking. �and bend over one more time, facing the table.�

�No... not that low, your back horizontal...right� he said. 

SMACK!!

Donna almost jumped from surprise. He had given her a hard smack with the flat palm of his hand.

�Hold still.� He said as he grabbed her with the other hand by her hip.

SMACK, SMACK, SMACK...

Many smacks were administered on her bare ass, and all Donna could do was bite her lips. The smack weren�t hard but burned a lot, as he expertly used the flat palm of his hand.

After a few smacks he stopped.

�Nice coloring...� he said as he showed the result to ms Brendan.

�Get up and turn around.� He told Donna.

�Now lift your arms and place your hands at the back of your neck, the elbows out... right. Push up your breasts as much as you can...�

�Okay..� he said as when he was satisfied with her pose �Now grind your teeth, I�m going to smack your breasts, just as I did your ass...�

�No slacking in the pose Cutty.� Ms Brendan warned.

�I know it will hurt, but we need to see how your skin reacts..� the man explained.

�Ridiculous!!� Went through Donna�s mind, but she didn�t dare to object out loud, nor did she move a muscle. She just grinded her teeth, and prepared for the pain.

SMACK, SMACK, SMACK ....

The man relentlessly hit her breast who painfully flopped around as he did so. And he wasn�t gentle, he used full force, just as he had done on her still burning ass.

Tears sprung into her eyes, but she kept from crying out loud, though she had to sniff as the punishment went on.

When the evil man finally stopped her breast were a bright red, an painful like hell.

�A good, modest reaction.� He said, �Her skin can take a lot. More than average.�

�Cool.� Ms Brendan said.

�Okay, now here is what basically needs to be done. Her teeth need to be whitened, and some fillings needs to be replaced with new white filling. That will give her a sparkling wonderful smile. She has a great smile already, and this will improve her looks. No braces are needed.�

�Smile for me Cutty� the man said. Donna smiled meekly �No better, come on, a big smile, a seductive smile.� 

Ms Brendan looked at her sternly as a warning, and so Donna smiled her most seductive smile she could muster under the humiliating circumstances.

�Great, now keep it like this.� He instructed, and pointed out for ms Brendan what spots needed to be whitened. �And I would add a diamond here in the back. So it is not seen when she talks normally, but when she smiles, or seduces someone, it will give an extra sparkle to her smile.�

�Hmmm...� ms Brendan said with a small smile, obviously liking the idea.

�I know you want her to be a slut in hiding.� The man agreed deviously smiling.

�Next... her face doesn�t need any special attention. No face lift or whatever is needed, and we keep her own eyes. They are big and bright, and you can do wonders with them with simple make-up as they are.�

�Not removing her eye-brows?� ms Brendan asked

�Nah, shave them.� He said �That way you can give them different forms on different occasions, with her own real hair.�

�Her tongue needs to be pierced right?�

�The piercings we will decide when we have a clean canvas to work on.� Ms Brendan said �For now just focus on the body modifications necessary...�

�As you wish.� The man said as he turned his attention back to Donna.

�Nose, ears, need no adjustment.� He went on, �Neck is ok, shoulders fine...� He shook his head as he flapped one of her big breasts. �It�s a shame... definitely a boob job. I would think lifting, and filling. Any preferred size?� 

�We�ll let her decide.� Ms Brendan said with a wicked smile. The creep smiled as he understood, and continued. 

�Belly and back are okay. We need to remove some spots from the skin that the tone doesn�t hide. I would suggest laser treatment. You see, spots like these, and here...� he pointed to a few birth marks, freckles �It is just a bit too much...�

Donna heard all in fear. �They are serious about changing my body, operating on me! Breast enlargement, teeth done...they can�t be serious, please let them not be serious!� But she kept still somehow, or was frozen scared due to their remarks. Anyway she didn�t move a muscle as they finished up.

�Here I would do the hair removal from the sides, all over the lips, that just kills condoms, and of course her ass crack spotless.� The man was busy by her hips. 

�We have to do some liposuction.� He said as he grabbed her thighs, and showed ms Brendan the excessive fat accumulated there. �Here, but also here, she has small �love handles�, they�re best to remove through an operation, almost impossible to get rid of through exercises... By the way, you want her to have a smaller waistline? Should be done at the same time...�

�No, we�ll do that through corsets. If need be.� Ms Brendan responded.

�How awful!� Donna thought as she just heard she had to get liposuction, she would be forced into a corset. If she summed all the thing up, she was in for a hellish time...

�Legs, okay, nice and slender by the way.� The man went down �And feet are good too.�

�You know...� he said as he turned to ms Brendan �She�s got a really fine structure. She�s slender by nature. Her fingers are really long and beautiful, as is are her feet and toes. No strange bones, like a weird skull, too wide a hip. My compliments, you really know how to find them.�

�Thank you.� Ms Brendan said �And what�s next? She is free with her family with new years eve, but all other days, weeks you can have her.�

�Let�s start with the teeth, That can happen tomorrow, or whenever you want this week.�

�Let�s do it just before she has her family reunion, so she can show her teeth to them.�

�She won�t be able to eat or speak much in that case.� The man warned her

�That�s the idea.� Ms Brendan said with a wicked smile.

�Okay, in three days in my office than...� the man said, and shook the hand of ms Brendan �Bye Cutty, see you later.� He said as he looked Donna in the eye one last time, waved at her, and left just as fast as he came in.











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.







Consequences, the psychiatrist





A long silence fell as ms Brendan walked through the room, and Donna didn�t dare to move, but wanted badly for this to be over, so she could get out.

�Okay, so in three days you will do your teeth, after that we�ll do the skin treatments. Those can be done in one day, in the morning the teeth, in the afternoon the skin. Cutty, you�ll be sore all over when you go to your grandparents!!�

Donna hung her head down in defeat. 

�Now for some good news. I have a great project for you scheduled, the upgrading of the old business area down town. We have some great ideas to make it a new nightlife center, and you will be in charge of the budget! Not alone of course, at first, but in the end I expect you to pull it on your own.�

That was actually really good news. Donna looked surprised behind her where ms Brendan was busy with her phone checking her messages. She still didn�t dare to move, or better, didn�t think about moving.

�Thought you might like that.� Ms Brendan said with a smile as she looked at Donna�s happily surprised face.

�Tomorrow you will be briefed at work, and from thereon you�ll be full of work.�

�I expect you to keep the schedule of spa and gym, and Ninon will keep on training you, perfecting your skills. You�re doing great with that.�

�So the mornings keep on being training sessions, where you rehearse what you�ve been taught, until you do all the moves perfect. I mean, you must be able to fuck a dildo squatting on it, while smiling, and coming, lick any women�s pussy, suck dick, dance sexy, walk sexy, learn how to behave as a whore, as a slut, as a sex slave. So many different rules apply, and you need to know all. You must be able to handle every situation handed to you.� Ms Brendan didn�t even look at Donna as she rattled her instructions to her.

�In the afternoon there will be work, and it�ll be a lot. So you�ll be quite busy.�

�In the afternoons, beginning of the night you�ll have the spa, the gym to keep you busy, and at night Ninon will train you most of the time.� Ms Brendan looked at Donna again �As for coming Friday, after the clinic, I�ll pick you up and we come here were you�ll attend a party of mine. That will clarify what I expect from you in the future. You�ll be home by Saturday morning, where you can join your family for the trip to the grandparents.�

Donna understood this meant someone else had to pick up Robert when he arrived on Friday. She would only see him two short days, given that he would most likely return Monday morning early, the first day of the new year. He had already prepared her for that. �And all that is ms Brendan�s doing...She�s making sure Robert stays far away, and now I have to encourage that even!� She recalled she had to push him to work hard, so she would be used to service him.

Ms Brendan stopped with her phone and walked up to Donna.

�Cutty, we will go to the psychiatrist now, where your girls have been already. They have been briefed on what is going on with you, and how it will be solved. It means the silent treatment, and they�re told to leave you alone as much as possible alone. You�ll agree with that, but to make sure everybody understands just how weird the situation is the psychiatrist would like some special action from you.�

�But let�s go, she is in the other room awaiting you.�

Donna was pulled naked on the platform shoes to another room before she could really object. As she entered she saw a lady about her age sitting on a chair, next to a table full of documents. Donna was pushed on the couch in the room, and sat down with a sigh. The lady didn�t look surprised as Donna walked in naked, but that didn�t surprise Donna anymore. She understood she was probably on ms Brendan�s side too, as so many of the people she met lately.

�To explain you who this lady is, please introduce yourself, Melinda.�&nbsp; Ms Brendan said in a friendly&nbsp; way. And she smiled at Donna indicating she should pay attention.

The lady energetically got up gave her a friendly firm hand. 

�I am Melinda Burkowitz, I am married, have three kids aged 5, 7, and 8. I am a professional psychiatrist, therapist, and specialize in relationship management. I am proud to help you with your problems, and know the road we have chosen for you will be most exciting, and fruitful.� 

�I�ve convinced her to make your case a show case for her work. It is a radical new approach, in which the client, you, first indulges into her darkest sexual fantasies, to find contentment with the situation. I loved the idea from the very first moment, and she is making it real...� ms Brendan said. 

The woman smiled agreeable at ms Brendan as she said this, and then turned to Donna and handed her some folders. �These are explaining the method. It is revolutionary, and very controversial. The method consists of encouraging, forcing, the client to accept her sexual fantasies, outlive them. Critics say I am abusing the trust of clients, and pushing them deeper into depravity instead of helping them. It is an ongoing debate, and it necessitates you signing you agreed even though you knew it was highly controversial, experimental. I even have to mention to you by court order that even the good results I claim are disputed still. I have an ongoing conflict with the ethics committee, and they forced me to be very clear about my treatment with my clients.�

Donna wondered what weird method she was subjected too. How could a psychiatrist do something so controversial?

Melinda smiled friendly at ms Brendan �But ms Brendan had provided me with sure win cases up to now. And I am sure you will be a great success for me too.�

Donna understood what was going on. �How evil can you get? This woman�s career is solely depending on some idiotic treatment invented only, probably, to abuse women. Women like me. And while she supplies some legal platform, ms Brendan has a nice place to bring her �girlfriends� for therapy, which are the only ones who will agree to such a treatment, and would never complain towards the ethics committee that tries to stop her...What a mess I�m in!!�

 �And how well does she act. She looks all professional as she sells this garbage of a treatment for real science!!!� Donna looked at the women with hatred boiling up.

�The therapy is basically as follows; I examine the clients sexual state, her history, her current dreams, desires, etcetera. From that portfolio we choose the heaviest, kinkiest dreams or desires, and strive to fulfill them. The idea behind it is sexual freedom. Our society ignores sexuality at all levels, and thus we need to brusquely brake through the barriers. It is not the dreams and desires that are despicable, it is the society that deems them inappropriate, forbids them, either through social condemnation, or through direct laws.� 

�In other words, she even pushes her clients to pursue illegal sex acts.� Donna said as she listened to the bullshit she was hearing �How good this lady must have been to come up with something of an scientific base for ms Brendan�s idea for enslaving women. Making them fall deeper into her clutches...� 

�As for your case, I haven�t really met you, but I�ve read your diary, as provided by ms Brendan.�

�Why doesn�t that surprise me...� Donna thought, but she gave ms Brendan a thankful smile �Bitch.�

�And based on that I have decided for the following course. We will clear the path for your sexual desires, like becoming a whore. We will inform your family you are in therapy, however they don�t need to, no better, must not know the details of your actions. I think you would agree with me on that. As your daughters have seen too much of your hidden life, we will tell them you are sexually experiencing as part of your therapy. We must have them cooperate in keeping this a secret to your husband, who only needs to know you are in therapy. We�ll tell him you felt alone, without a goal in life, and are looking for new ones. It is the truth, he just doesn�t have to know it are sexual goals you pursue. Man can�t handle that.�

�I already talked about most of this with your daughters, and they agreed to go along for a while. When we finished up here we�ll get them and together we�ll handle the last details.�

 �Now lets sign the papers, so we got all the legal stuff out the way. You�ll have to sign all the papers I laid out on the table for you. It is a lot, but they really try to make my life difficult. Also, as part of the legal actions taken against me, I need to involve a guardian for you, a close friend who will vow you are doing this on your own free will. You must supply me with such a person, within the next week.�

�I would suggest you meet up at your house tomorrow morning, and have an old friend there, who is willing to be your guardian.� Ms Brendan suggested.

Donna�s mind raced again. Involve a friend! And tomorrow already, as she knew ms Brendan�s suggestion was actually an order. Who could she involve in such a short time period?

�She will be explained the background of the therapy, and she will be briefed on regular occasions. By court order I need to do that at least every month.� Melinda said, as she gave Donna a pen to sign a whole pile of documents.

�Court-order, legal problems... They are being chased because the therapy is as sick as it can get. What friend can I tell I am in therapy? Why can�t I just ask ms Brendan...� she thought about it �No, she is making sure she is always out of the picture, legally that is. And she wants me to confine a friend in my escapades, which will sink me deeper into this pit of lies...�

But she knew she didn�t have a choice. And the next ten minutes she signed all sorts of documents, in which she basically agreed she knew the therapy was bullshit, was most likely illegal, could lead to illegal activity for which she waved any responsibility of the therapist. In other words, she signed her own demise...

�Will I be strong enough to find a way out somehow?� she wondered as the last paper was signed and filed. �Up to now everything I did didn�t help much. And it is getting worse fast.�

�Tomorrow you will get your copies. Let�s get you ready now, get the girls, and finish up.�

�Wait I can�t meet them like this!� Donna protested as she saw ms Brendan get up.

�That is an essential part of the therapy.� The psychiatrist said with a friendly smile �You�ll expose yourself as the slut you are for them. It makes it all more convincing, and pictures are better than a thousand words.�

�No...no..� Donna said.

�Come on Cutty, get yourself together.� Ms Brendan spoke as she was by the door. �They have seen you fucking three black boys, they know the sick things you do, and they have been told what sick things go through your mind. Being modest right now is ridiculous.� Ms Brendan opened the door and got out. Clearly agitated, which in turn frightened Donna.

�Don�t worry, I�ll do most of the talking and explaining. You just sit tight. It is hard in the beginning, but you�ll have to get through it to cure yourself. Just imagine what dangers they could be in if you didn�t solve your problems?� Melinda said as she walked up to Donna.

Now that was a threat, Donna understood. Her mind racing again useless, only to come up with the same old result, cooperate, go along.

She hung her head down in despair. �What a mess, what a mess..�

�Here come on.� The psychiatrist warned. She lifted Donna�s head and looked her in the eye, and handed her some fishnet stockings. �Nothing says �slut� as much as fishnet stockings. Put them on..�

Donna looked at the garment for a moment and with a big sigh undid her shoes, and put the stockings on. When her shoes were back on Melinda sat on her lap, and proceeded to apply make up �We don�t have much time, so I just cover the basics, and use bright whorish colors.� 

If that was meant to ease Donna it didn�t work. But by now Donna had resigned to her faith, and just held her face still as the make up was applied.

When she was finished the door opened, and the girls were let in. They looked surprised at Donna, who smiled back sheeply, with tears filling her eyes. It was too embarrassing, too emotional for Donna. 

The door was closed. Donna noticed ms Brendan was not with them. It would be just her, her daughters, and her new psychiatrist.

�Please sit down next to your mother.� The psychiatrist urged the hesitating girls. 

They silently did looking weird at their mother, who herself avoided their looks, and looked pleadingly at Melinda to please stop the humiliating charade.

As the girls wriggled uncomfortable on the couch, Melinda, still smiling started the session.

�Girls, you have been told already about what is going on with your mom, and how we will try to solve it. You can see now for your own eyes your mother is quite the slut, sitting naked here with just those awful high heeled platform shoes and fishnet stockings on.�

She let them look at their mother for a moment.

�You can also see she�s quite embarrassed to be exposed like this. However it is what she desires most, to be a slut.� 

�Donna� she said, making eye contact with Donna �Please look at your daughters. They need to see you as slut too. Don�t worry about crying, it is all ok, it is going to be alright.�

Donna meekly peeked at her daughters, and next started to cry uncontrollably, as she saw the way they looked at her.

�Don�t worry girls.� Melinda said �It is a normal reaction. It is the humiliation she feels. Years, centuries of denied sexual freedom has to be overcome, and that is not easy. Rome was not build in a day...�

Donna sobbed and curled up and covered her face with her hands. She was out of it.

�Mom...� Trixy said �Don�t worry, we understand..�

Melinda mentioned for Julie to say something too.

�Ehh, mom... It is kind of weird... but I...it makes sense now, your actions. And if this experimental therapy works, we will be one big happy family again. We�ll support you...�

Donna sobbed more and more, crying big tears, not being able to think straight anymore.

Melinda walked up to her and comforted her as she cried relentlessly.

�Come on Donna, give the girls a small thank you..� she whispered in her ear, as she hugged her and rocked her gently. �Be strong...�

After a few minutes of nurturing Donna finally was calming down. Her daughters had on advice of Melinda kept on telling her they understood, and that they would help. It caused every time another wail from Donna, but eventually she looked briefly at them and stuttered a small barely hearable �Thank you..�

�There you go...� Melinda said as she let go of Donna who kept her face in her hands, and kept on crying. 

�The first session together is always very emotional, and hard on the subject.� Melinda explained to the girls �But it is necessary for you girls to see a real part of your mother, to see what we deal with is real. She is a slut, as whore, and she loves it.� Another wail from Donna as this was said.

�Donna, for you to know, I have discussed, shown, your daughters several extracts from your diary.� Donna began to cry even louder �I know, I know, it is embarrassing.� Melinda agreed �But it was necessary to show them the incident on the island was not a stand alone one. It was a result from your suppressed desires, The secret life you have been living now for a few months.� Donna cried even more.

�Don�t worry, your diary is something personal, and I gave them some less incriminating sections, only to give them the correct idea.�

Donna just cried on, as she heard her whole personal life was ruined for ever.

�You see how emotional this is for her?� Melinda said to the girls. 

�Now to understand we are all on the same page here. You girls understand she is not allowed to speak to you girls for a while?�

�Yes Melinda� the girls said in unison.

�Donna?� Melinda said friendly. All attention was back to the sobbing mother.

�Yes...� Donna stuttered softly.

�And you all understand why?�

�Because it is something a woman has to deal with on her own, without friends, without family to hold her back.� Trixy said. She obviously was a good listener.

�And as this whole thing is a woman thing, no man should know, especially not your father. He wouldn�t understand, and just get mad.�

�We understand..� Julie said with confidence.

�Donna?�

�Y-Yes.� 

�Great. We really are making progress here!!� Melinda said. �Now all we need is a last act from you Donna. I want you to really open up now.� Melinda got up and lifted Donna and positioned her on her knees, bend over on the couch. Donna meekly, crying followed the instructions of Melinda, totally comatose. 

Her naked ass was now facing her daughters, who looked a bit disgusted at the view.

�Now girls, this is your mother you�re looking at.� Melinda warned them �Don�t give her those looks.� Another wail from Donna.

�Okay Donna, now do one more last humiliating thing, start masturbating for your girls. Show them what slut you are.� She grabbed the hand of Donna and pushed it through her legs up to her exposed pussy.

�As you can see girls...� Melinda said as she parted the outer lips of Donna some more �She is wet already, despite her obvious embarrassment.�

�Go on Donna, rub yourself...� Melinda gently encourage the ashamed Donna. Donna slowly started to rub her clit, not even understanding why she did it.

�Good, good, you little slut...� Melinda said as she patted the upright ass.

�Now you girls go home, and leave us alone, she will find her own way home.� Melinda said as she stood up and let the girls out.

�you think you can cure mom?� Trixy asked Melinda sincerely. 

�She has to cure herself, sweety.� Melinda answered �But she has taken some big steps today, in showing you girls the depraved person that is taking over. � Donna sobbed even more as she heard them chat about her like this. Her image towards her daughters had been ruined forever.

�You�ll just need to brace yourself for the obscene things she will do, and of which you most likely will see too much... That is why I wanted her here as a slut. You girls now know what you�re up against.�

Donna just laid on the couch and masturbated while she cried in a pillow. She didn�t even heard the girls say goodbye to her, nor did she hear Melinda and ms Brendan discuss how the meeting had gone. She was just lost in her own mind, while she automatically masturbated herself coming several times, but not really enjoying it, not really feeling it anymore...&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.



Consequences 3, the black friend



 �Drink this...� Melinda said. She held out a glass of bubbling water to the still shaking Donna. �It will calm you down...�

With some difficulty she drank the bitter stuff, and indeed calmed down after about 15 minutes.

Still sniffing Donna sat on the couch and whipped her eyes. 

�Feeling better already?� Melinda asked nicely, as she stood in front of Donna, leaning against the table.

�Y-yes..� Donna weakly replied. She gave back the empty glass.

�Fine...Look. We have been going over the legal stuff, and had our first session. We need to finish up, as you need to get on with your life, your new life.�

�We have made your daughters understand the situation, so now there are no boundaries anymore, in theory. In practice you better be discrete anyway, as the neighbors, family members like grandparents, can be a problem. I�ve had a few clients jailed for indecent behavior several times, even had them fight over custody of their children due to too much indiscretion, and you wouldn�t want that to happen, now do you.�

Donna shook her head, she felt a bit numb due to the drink, and thus didn�t respond to what her new psychiatrist was saying.

�But now you can be much more open with for instance the training session with Ninon, the clothing you wear, at least at home, and the dirty things you do. You have gained a bit more freedom. Though the rough sessions I would keep on doing in the sex room you made, with the sound proof walls.�

�What I want you to do till the next session is write down in your diary what you enjoy in particular, and what crazy stuff you would want to try out.�

�I am sure that with ms Brendan�s help you can fulfill all your wishes. She is very resourceful, and has helped numerous of my clients. You�re lucky she�s so fond of you.�

Donna listened with an ironic smile. The drink had calmed her down, and now she kind of had an ease of mind. The crying had done her good too. Now she was able to face her situation with some irony, instead of with sheer fright. �Let me see...� Donna thought to herself �In essence they want me to write down some vulgar sexual fantasy, and next outlive it...and I think they want me to say I want to be a whore...�

�I am sure it will be alright, don�t you worry.� Melinda continued. �Now I understood ms Brendan wants to meet you again in the living room, so you better go now. A woman like that you don�t keep waiting.�

�Thank you...� Donna mustered. She waited a while, but then she unsteadily got up. The medicine had really slowed down her reactions.

�No need to thank me girl, it is what you pay me for, it�s what I love to do.� Melinda said as she supported the naked housewife �Steady now, the drug I gave you is still working a bit, as you noticed. It should be out of your system in about half an hour or so. I just gave you a small dose. Just enough to settle down after your panic attack.�

After the first steps Donna could walk on her own, out of the room, and onto her next ordeal.

Ms Brendan was sitting in the room drinking some tea, as she had her laptop in front of her. Donna walked to the couch&nbsp; where she had been sitting before, and sat down. Ms Brendan gave her an easing smile as she continued to work on her laptop.

Donna sat back in the warm pillows, enjoying their soft touch against her body, and silently waiting what other things were expected from her. She had expected to be free to go by now. But she didn�t mind too much; she was still calm thanks to the medicine.

Ms Brendan finally closed the laptop and looked at Donna. Donna�s make up was smeared due to all the crying, and she gave Donna a box with wet tissues and a small mirror to clean herself first. Without a word being told Donna did so. Ms Brendan smiled as she understood the training of Donna was going well. She looked satisfied at the women in front of her, satisfied at the ease with which this former decent housewife now wore platform shoes, could walk in them even in a seduced state, and wearing fishnet stockings, white, whom she wore so casually, but which where so whorish. She was turning into a real slut.

Once cleaned Donna placed the towel and mirror back on the table, and humbly looked at ms Brendan, giving her a small smile.

�Great!� ms Brendan said �Cutty, you have done great so far.�

The sudden compliment pleased Donna, as it could mean no more punishments. It made her smile even bigger.

�So we will improve your body, and your mind. Your skills we already are taking care of, and in all that would make you complete.�

Though Donna in her mind she hated her situation, and especially the way she was manipulated deeper and deeper into her new life, she kept on smiling. Maybe due to the medicine. And how ms Brendan referred to it as becoming �complete�. �Actually...� she figured �I hate the fact that she outsmarts me all the time the most. How she can come up with new schemes just to get me off guard, and humiliate me.� Donna understood that is why she was in so deep. Every time she was caught off guard, a new level of depravity would be inflicted on her. 

�However, I am still very, very angry about what you did in the Caribbean. Needless to say you won�t be going anywhere on your own again in the near future. Consider yourself grounded.� Ms Brendan said sternly. �We have no need for stupid girls who fuck around, and get themselves sick, or pregnant, or both.�

�I also feel a punishment is in order. Apart from pushing the training up so you can�t fuck around, I have come up with an idea that is both a punishment, and can fulfill your deepest, darkest desires, literary.� She laughed a bit after the last sentence.

Donna frowned wondering what sick thing ms Brendan had in store for her now. But still had her smile plastered on her face, be it it was a bit more sheepish.

�Don�t look so agitated!� ms Brendan said cheerfully �It�s nothing you can�t handle.�&nbsp; 

She picked up a large rectangular box, packed as a gift. �Here you go� and she placed it on the table.

Donna looked at the box and knew it was a dildo, or something like it. She initially froze and didn�t want to open it, but the friendly urging eyes of ms Brendan did the trick.

Reluctantly she unwrapped her �present� and lifted the top from the box.

Inside was indeed a dildo, but one of an enormous size, and black as coal.

�Let me introduce you to your new boyfriend: Lenny.� Ms Brendan said �Pick it up, Cutty� 

Donna lifted the black penis out of the box. It was large, it even had balls, and it looked rather real.

�Lenny is a replica of the real thing. Just imagine some black man walking around with such a dick!!� ms Brendan explained �I can see you getting wet just at the thought of that.�

�So this is how you�re desires of fucking black man can be fulfilled without any chance of diseases or whatever. Much better than partaking in gang bangs, don�t you agree?�

Donna looked at the monster in her hands, which even weight more than usual, and she shook it a bit upside down. 

�It has weights in it, and sucking naps, so you can place it on a table, or any flat surface, and straddle it with no real problems, apart from the way your pussy will be stretched.� Ms Brendan explained mockingly.

Donna curiously placed the base on the table, and indeed the dildo stood upright, and even rather stable. The fake balls took care of that somehow.

�Yeah, I thought since you like black men so much, it would be better to find you a black dildo. Now as for the punishment we have of course the size of the thing.� Both ladies looked at the long phallus standing up on the table. Ms Brendan looked Donna in the eye again, getting her attention, and said �I expect you to train yourself with this dildo. I expect you to take it all the way up your pussy, and all the way up your mouth, and all the way up your ass. Is that clear?�

Donna looked at the black monster, and next to ms Brendan �She can�t be serious! That thing will kill me, it will never go in my vagina all the way, how can I suck such a broad object into my mouth? And my ass?�

�I said: is that clear, Cutty?� ms Brendan looked firmly at Donna, who had all sorts of nightmares of the pain this thing would cause her.

�I...I.. it is clear ms Brendan..� Donna replied �But...�

�Yes Cutty?�

�But I am afraid it is just too big for me. I will never be able to use this dildo on me, let alone on my mouth...or ass...� Donna said honestly.

�The dildo is named Lenny. From now on you refer to it as Lenny, your black boyfriend. And I don�t expect you to be able to insert it right now. But with training you will, you must. That is your punishment.� Ms Brendan said

�In addition, I want you to carry Lenny with you at all times. So as to remind you of your errors, and also so every time you feel the urge to fuck a black man again, you can use Lenny to please yourself. Will make you take him faster too.�

Donna looked at the large dildo �That would mean no more small bags...� she thought sarcastically. Still not believing it would be possible to learn, train her body to handle it.

�Now welcome Lenny as you would a real boyfriend...� 

Donna looked at ms Brendan angrily. But only for a short time. She got off from the couch, and kneeled before the dildo.

�No, no, no, Cutty, please do this standing up...� ms Brendan instructed �That is so much better, and it shows of your beautiful long legs.�

Donna got up, and stood bending over the dildo. 

�Spread those lovely legs a little...� Ms Brendan said with a smile, perfecting Donna�s pose, and enjoying the power she had over this women.

Donna reluctantly spread her legs, leaned with her left hand on the table, and took the dildo with her right, lifted her head up and looked at ms Brendan for approval.

�Good.� Ms Brendan nodded, as she made herself comfortable for the upcoming show.

Donna looked below her at the top of the large dildo. Even the fake head was large. �Maybe it is a replica, but they must have enlarged it a fair bit.� Donna thought as she started to collect enough spit in her mouth. She let it drool from her mouth on the rubber dildo, and started to smear her slime with her tongue over the whole top. Next she tried to swallow the top. With some effort she managed to get it in her mouth, but couldn�t really do much after that. She let go, and lifted her head looking at the dildo and its length again. She panicked a little at the thought of how she would have to swallow this hole dildo. 

She recollected herself, as she knew she had to give a show for ms Brendan still, and she decided to lick the shaft, as she would a real dick. As she would have done with Robert�s....

�Talk to Lenny, Cutty...� Ms Brendan said with a smile, enjoying the humiliating scene.

�Hmm, ...� Donna started as she bit the shaft a bit to test its robustness. Its texture was leather like. And it tasted awful. The bitter taste disgusted her, but continued. She just gurgled up as much spit as possible and coated the dildo with it. 

Now Robert was back in her mind she felt guilty, ashamed as she was licking this dildo.

�Oh Lenny,.. � She started to say, but it was too humiliating to play along. She licked the shaft again, and swallowed the head again. Recuperating.

�Lenny, Lenny...� she tried again when her mouth popped free. But she couldn�t really start a real conversation. Not with this oversized dildo. Not now Robert was back in her mind. It felt like cheating.

But she knew she had to give a show for ms Brendan, and it had better be a good one. So as she couldn�t really talk to it, nor swallow it, she made up for it by caressing the dildo along her face. She also voluptuously moved her bend over body. Keeping her legs straight, but sensually wiggling her hips, her belly, her hanging breasts. This she had learned already from Ninon�s training, and she used all the moves to please ms Brendan. And as she tried again and again, and concentrated just on her show, she eventually got over her embarrassment, and started to talk to the dildo, to Lenny. 

Ms Brendan enjoyed the sight of this inexperienced housewife whom she was turning into a total slut. How this woman now eagerly chatted with this black dildo, naked, swaying her body like an exotic dancer, a whore. How she loved the power she had over these women, her �girlfriends�! And this one was a beauty. And very good in acting too, she noticed as time passed by and the slut got more and more into the act.



�You can stop now, if Lenny didn�t come already, he will never come.� Ms Brendan said finally, jokingly �That was a very good show.� She complimented Donna.

�Thank you, ms Brendan� Donna said, as she raised her body up with some effort. She had been bending over for a long time. Her body was sweaty, and her face covered with her own slime. 

�Take Lenny, and go home. I have other things to do now. I�ll see you Friday night.�

Donna took the dildo and placed it in the box. She cleaned her face with some tissues, and walked up to ms Brendan for her farewell kiss.

�Ah yeah.� Ms Brendan said as she saw Donna walk up to her, she had had her mind already back in her computer. She got up and let Donna kiss her passionately. 

Donna was happy this was something she was very good at now. At least it was something ms Brendan could never complain about anymore. And indeed ms Brendan looked a little flustered when Donna stopped kissing her. Her smile showed that she was on the verge of ordering her to kiss her again, but she whimpered her off anyway.

Strangely proud Donna walked away with her box. As she walked further away she started to curse herself again for her own idiotic feelings �Proud because I have been trained to kiss that bitch like she wants to? Am I going nuts here?�

Still cursing at herself, at ms Brendan, she put on the clothing that was laid down for her, and walked outside, into the cold. Her coat gave her some warmth, but she cursed whoever picked those clothes. A small black mini skirt, not good in this cold,&nbsp; black high heels, not good with the icing at some places, the red sea-through top, which let her breasts visible, and flop too much. And on top of it all she was late for the gym. She would have to hurry again. Donna sighed as she closed the door of her car, and started the engine. She felt stressed out from this afternoon, and didn�t want to go to the gym, but knew all hell would brake loose if she didn�t. She sighed again as she drove away, pushing up the heat to get warm, the box with Lenny rattling on the back seat...&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.



Calling it quits



�YES!!� Donna said as she hung up the phone. 

Vivian smiled a big smile, stood up and gave her a high five. The loud clap resounded through the room. �That�s my girl!� she said in praise.

Donna was still trembling from the phone call. She smiled nervously at Vivian, and couldn�t really think straight for a while.

When she finally sat down on the couch in her living room she felt like a heavy load had fallen from her shoulders. She was finally, finally free from ms Brendan. No more scheming, forced sexually depraved activities, money problems, weird clothing, shame. She looked at her feet, tugged in thick socks. Finally really warm since the winter had set in. �No more high heels for you, I promise.� She smiled �Well, maybe just for cocktail parties or so.� She corrected.

�How does it feel?� Vivian asked. She saw the relieved look on Donna�s face, and was herself happy she had helped Donna just now.

�It feels so good!� Donna exhaled �So unbelievably good!� she stretched herself and lay back in the pillows of the couch, looking at the ceiling. 

She really felt incredibly good. She was surprised to notice under how much stress she actually had been. Now,&nbsp; with her mind cleared, her shoulders felt relaxed, her whole body felt at ease. And that even though she had been through a rough gym session with Bill.

She checked her arm muscles a bit. Yes the pain was still there. �It would be a miracle if that was gone too.� Donna thought smiling. Ms Brendan had kept her promise and had upped the gym schedule. Bill had her lifting heavier weights, running faster, bicycling �uphill�, you name it, she had done it. And she had felt broken afterwards. 

It was during the time that she was recuperating in the changing rooms she had started to think who she would ask as guardian for her �therapy�. She had mentally gone through her group of friends with whom she hung out usually. That was, before she had met ms Brendan. 

Vivian finally had seemed the best candidate. She was within the group a leader, and a no nonsense character. But above all trust worthy and discrete. Donna had figured she would cooperate, and even if she would not do it, or call it quits after a while, she would never tell a soul. That had made her the best candidate, as Donna still desperately wanted her new life to be a secret. 

When Donna had called her to meet her that same evening, Vivian had made no problems. She had noticed the urgency of the matter from Donna�s tone, and had immediately rescheduled whatever she had to do that night. �I�ll be there in an hour.� She had simply stated. 

And here they were, sitting on the couch, just like old times. �Old times�� Donna thought smiling �It indeed feels like it has been ages since I�ve been with the girls��. She picked up her glass of wine, and cheered with Vivian. Grunting a bit as she felt her muscles protest when she moved.

 �Cheers� Vivian replied. �To your freedom.�

The glasses tingled softly as they touched. Donna gulped down the half filled glass. She needed some alcohol, she deserved some. She had just told ms Brendan to go to hell. Well, on her answering machine that is. But she knew ms Brendan checks it regularly, she always did. 

�And then she knows� Donna thought �Then she knows Donna, or better, Cutty, is no more.�

She looked at Vivian, who was still observing her with a smile. �Thank you Vivian, thank you so much!� She said to her friend.

�No problem hon.� Vivian said as she squeezed Donna�s knee.

�Ouch� Donna said

�Sorry� Vivian said as she pulled her arm away �Well, also no more harsh gym lessons for you anymore luckily.�

�Yeah� Donna agreed �My body aches all over when I move.� 

�Another glass?� Vivian asked as she held up the bottle.

�Please do� Donna said. She relaxed back into the pillows again as the glass was poured. Vivian handed it to her, and she gratefully took another sip. Eager to get drunk.



Vivian had come to her house just when she had arrived too. When she had let her in she immediately had remarked about Donna�s new clothing style. Donna had smiled shyly, and hadn�t really answered. They had gone into the living room where Donna, with some difficulty, had started to explain why she had asked Vivian over.

Well, Vivian didn�t buy the �therapy� story at all. �Don�t give me this bull, Donna, I can see there is more going on here. Speak up.� Had been her first reaction, and she had stuck to that line of thought ever since. Donna had tried to convince Vivian it was a �normal� therapy, that lots of people did it, and that she really wanted it, but Vivian could see right through her. Slowly the conversation had changed from her talking, to Vivian asking direct and indirect questions, interrogating her about her situation. Vivian finally got through to her, at which moment she had decided to tell her the whole sordid truth. 

�That alone was already so relieving!� Donna thought back. �Finally someone who knew what was really going on. Finally sharing the burden. Finally speaking out what had been my real feelings.�

�So tomorrow we will call the girls and have a group meeting, where we tell your story. Trust me, it is better to have this out in the open. That is your best weapon against the bitch.� Vivian said as she looked Donna in the eye, pulling her out of her thoughts.

�And once everyone knows, she�ll be powerless, and back off.�

Donna smiled a bit uncertain at Vivian. She wasn�t really sure if she wanted her story to be so out in the open. She would have preferred a select group, as else people would look at her in a funny way.&nbsp; 

�I know you don�t want your story to be made public Donna� Vivian said as she saw the doubt in Donna�s eyes. �But you�re in too deep already. You�ll have to come clean to everyone, Robert, your girls, your friends.�

�I really prefer to leave it like that, Vivian.� Donna said �I don�t want the story to get out, not so openly. Just between the two of us should be enough. Can�t you understand it is embarrassing?�&nbsp; 

Vivian thought for a while �You�re right.� She said �Maybe not all the friends, or not right now, but your family is a must.�

�Of course.� Donna said, relieved.



That also was Vivian. Very impulsive, very pushy. And sometimes going to far. �Just imagine everyone knowing about my recent escapades. Each of the girlfriends talking to their husband, they to their drinking buddies, and next everyone knows.�

But the pushy-ness of Vivian had pulled her over, convinced her to stop her ordeal at once. �She really handled it perfectly.� Donna thought looking back. 

At first Vivian had convinced her her situation was going to get worse, not better, if she followed ms Brendan�s instructions. Next she had convinced her to take her losses now. Her family was still ok, and nothing really troublesome had happened, apart from the sex in the Caribbean, �Which was actually nothing but rape.� Vivian had said, agreeing with her that that indeed had been non consensual. Vivian had offered her support, and she had reminded Donna that she still had a bunch of real friends out there. And thus the logical step was calling ms Brendan, and tell her no more. Vivian had given her the phone in her hand, as she smiled encouraging, saying �Do it girl.� 

Donna had fumbled with the phone. She had been convinced, but was still afraid, as she wondered what ms Brendan would do. But Vivian was good. She knew what type of person she was dealing with, and while Donna had been nervously thinking what to do, Vivian had gotten up, had went into the kitchen, only to return moments later with a bottle of wine and a pair of glasses. �You need a few drinks to do this properly.� Vivian had said with a smile, as she was filling the glasses. 

And indeed, a few drinks later and she had a lot more courage. With the never stopping encouragement of Vivian she actually had started to feel invincible. Thus it wasn�t long before she had picked up the phone again, and&nbsp; this time she had dialed the number. True, it took a few times dialing the number before she really had the courage for the call to be picked up. And when it did the first time she hadn�t spoken a word, as the answering machine ran its message. But finally she had mustered enough courage, and just told ms Brendan where it�s at. Slow at first, but soon the angry sentences had just rolled out of her mouth, and she had basically told her to go to hell, never to call her again, and if she did, she would face the consequences.



�Ok, ok� Vivian said �It is a bit too awkward to mention to everyone. This is maybe more a type of story you mention to each other when we�re all in a house for the elderly or so.�&nbsp; She joked.

�But I will tell my family, and maybe some of our friends can know too. The ones that can understand it, and don�t talk.�

�Women that don�t talk.� Vivian laughed �A rare species�

The night passed with Vivian and Donna talking, laughing together. They went through the actions they had to take, like calling lawyers, preferably from out of town, finding new jobs, probably even relocating far away from the clutches of ms Brendan. There would indeed come a time with lots of changes, and it would be very difficult for her family, but Vivian ensured her she would support her all the way. Especially with convincing Robert it was for the best. Vivian always had been good in convincing men to see it her way. It was a very positive talk, as Vivian painted a bright new future for Donna. 

�Don�t forget, you do have a lot more work experience thanks to ms Brendan. You can always use that in your new job.� Vivian had reminded her. �The only thing will be that you�re job won�t be anywhere near this city. And that might not even be a bad thing.�

In all Donna felt great, and for the first time in months regretted when it was time to end the night.

As Vivian was putting on her coat Donna leaned against the door and said �She hasn�t called back.�

�No she hasn�t� Vivian said, as she adjusted her coat �But I didn�t expected her to. She understands it is over. That she has nothing anymore to blackmail you with. And that on the other side, you do.�

Donna opened the door and let Vivian out.

�Thank you.� She said as she kissed Vivian good night.

�No thanks, Donna.� Vivian said as she chilled a bit from the cold �It�s what friends do for each other. You would have done the same for me. And all I did was clearing up the picture for you, giving you a little push. The rest you did yourself, you will do yourself. Remember, it is not over yet. We need to contact the lawyers, your family needs to know, enough you must do still.�

Donna nodded, and watched Vivian walk in the dark across the lawn. She really admired her �I wish I had such a strong character, personality.� 

As Vivian got into her car she waved at Donna one last time, and gave her a thumbs up. Next the engine started and the car drove of. She watched the car turn the corner and disappear from view. She enjoyed the chill for a while, as she looked at the neighborhood. It all looked so much better now, somehow. �What a difference a day makes.� She thought as she watch the trees wave with the small icy breeze, the scarcely lit road, the dark houses.

She closed the door and started to clean up before going to bed. And again she experienced a strange feeling, she longed to go to bed. �The last months going to bed meant first lessons by Ninon, or practicing with dildo�s in my bed. That is all over now. Now I�ll just go to bed to sleep, or to do whatever I want to do. Like reading a good book�� It was amazing how much that thought made her happy. She almost cried.

However as she went into the bathroom she did fetch the ointment and rubbed it in her vagina, and in her ass hole. The itch was still there. �I will go with that to my old doctor. I�m sure I will get some serious treatment from him, not just a stupid ointment which just helps temporary. I�m thru with doctor Dow. Her solution to my problem only made it worse, it seems.� It was just another thing she would have to do tomorrow morning.

In bed, nicely under the thick sheets, she lay awake for a while, spread eagle, feeling free. She wore an old rag of a t-shirt , boxer shorts from Robert, and the socks. She deliberately had chosen the most awful items to wear just to rebel some more. To test her freedom. She looked up to the ceiling thinking nothing in particular, just being happy. After a while she rolled on her side, turned off the light, and fell asleep with a big smile on her face. It had been a good, very good night.











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.





A Phone Call Changes Everything 



Donna sat up, slowly waking up. What woke her up? She looked around the room. It was still dark. �What time is it?� she said softly to herself, as she sleepy looked for the alarm clock somewhere on the night stand. Then she heard what had woke her up. The phone was ringing down stairs. �Four o�clock� Donna saw �Who could be calling me at this hour?�

She turned on the light, and searched for a night gown or something, and found a bath robe. As she tucked herself in she stumbled downstairs to the ringing phone. �All right, all right.� She said out loud �I�m coming�.

�Probably Robert� she thought yawning as she turned on the lights down stairs �Who has something exciting to tell about his job. He sometimes forgets the time difference��

�Hello?� She said as she picked up the phone.

�Hello, Donna, Donna Alldring?� A voice said

�Speaking?� Donna said a bit surprised, as it wasn�t Robert.

�Hello, this is Dillon McDonnahue, the husband of Vivian.� The man on the other side said �Sorry to bother you, but is Vivian still with you?�

�No�� Donna answered slowly �She left hours ago, around twelve..�

�She hasn�t arrived home yet.� Dillon McDonnahue said �And if she left around twelve from your place, she should have been home hours ago.�

�Yes�� Was all that Donna could say. But her mind was racing again. She was now wide awake, and remembered what had happened last night. Vivian had been such a big help! She hoped nothing had happened to her.

�Did you guys drink a lot?� Dillon McDonnahue asked worriedly.

�Not too much, Vivian knew she still had to drive home.� Donna answered �I hope nothing happened to her.� She added

�I hope so too.� Dillon McDonnahue said �Listen, sorry I had to bother you, I�m going to check the police now. Hopefully she just had a flat tire or so, and her phone was dead so she couldn�t make a call, or something like that.�

�Please, keep me posted.� Donna said, just before Dillon McDonnahue hung up.

�I hope nothing bad happened to her, she didn�t deserve that.� Donna thought as she hung up the phone. She wandered through the living room for a while, switched on the television, trying to distract herself. She couldn�t sleep anymore as she kept on worrying about Vivian. �It is not such a long drive, and she was sober, or at least fit to drive..�

She drifted in and out of sleep on the couch, constantly thinking of what could have happened to Vivian, and hoping for a liberating phone call from her or her husband. All her worries of her own situation were forgotten.

At around six the phone finally rang. Donna woke up from her drowsy state and picked it up �Hello?�

�Donna, this is Dillon�.Listen�� 

Donna could hear he was very upset, and feared the worst.

�Vivian� she has had an accident. The car must have slipped, and she ended up in the river� �

�Oh no!� Donna said as tears welled up in her eyes. �Oh no!�

�The current has swept her body out of the mangled car. They are looking for it now, but with the current, and the cold, they have little hope of finding her any time soon��

�How horrible!!� Donna whispered. She heard Dillon choke also. 

�I� I have to tell the kids still. I�m sorry, call you later. The police will pass by��

�I understand, don�t worry. If there is anyway I can help�.�

�Thank you..� and Dillon hung up the phone, leaving Donna with her own worrisome thoughts.

The next hour she just sat on the couch comatose, just thinking of the terrible fate of Vivian. 

Suddenly and awful thought crept up on her. �Maybe ms Brendan was involved in this?�

She quickly dismissed the thought, but it kept on coming back to her. �It does make sense, in a weird way� she thought �Doctor Dow also explained me once about the gang rape of the mother and daughter. She can be heartless, cruel. My own cut is a clear sign of that�. But still, murder?... And how would she know?�

As time passed by she couldn�t shake the thought, and had to find out if it was true. If it was possible. After some internal deliberating she decided to call Ninon. �She will know. If I ask her she will tell me��



She picked up the phone. it was seven thirty already, and she expected Ninon would be up by now. She always had been an early bird, as far as Donna knew.

�Hello?�

�Hello Ninon, it�s me, Donna.�

�Oh hi, I wondered when you would call me.� Ninon replied.

Donna was a bit surprised at this. �You expected me to call you?�

�Yes, listen, we can�t talk on the phone right now. I�ll pick you up in about half an hour. I have to bring my kids to school today, and we�ll talk in the car afterwards. And you have little time before your meeting with ms Burkowitz. Be ready.� and Ninon hung up.

Donna looked at the phone, wondering what was going on. �She expected me to call� does that mean that ..?.� 

Now she was really worried. And Ninon mentioned the dreaded meeting with the psychiatrist this morning. She had figured she would call it off when the lady would appear at her doorstep. �Or maybe she doesn�t know I quit. Maybe she thinks I�m still going thru with it. But why would she then mention she was expecting my call?�

Donna worried the next half hour as she showered and got ready for Ninon. She was unsure what to wear, normal clothing, or sexy? What was better now? She finally decided for something in between, medium high shoes, and a business suite with skirt. It gave herself an excuse to wear stockings. Thus Ninon could not really complain, and yet she did just wear normal clothing, or close to it.

As for her make up, her business attire excused her to just apply the basics, though she was a bit heavy on the bronze lip gloss and bronze eye shadow. But the bronze color wasn�t showing as much, so she still looked acceptable to herself. Her hair she just tied in a knot on the back of her head. She had no time to really comb it. When she was finished she looked in the mirror. She looked acceptable at first sight. Only when you looked further you saw the too sexy stockings, and the too heavy make up. She knew she was cheating herself somehow with these clothes; she was in fact again following the orders of ms Brendan. But she had no choice.

When she saw Ninon drive up the parking lot in front of the garage she quickly went out, closed the door behind her and got in the car.

 �Children, say hi to ms Alldring.�

�Hi ms Alldring!!� the children in the back seat said in unison.

�Hello children.� Donna replied.

They drove the kids to school as Donna observed the family. She knew Ninon had a husband and kids, but she had never met them. She looked at the kids, they were young, ages 4, 8, and 10. Striking&nbsp; was that the youngest one looked very different than the older two. The younger was blond, very blond, while the other two were dark haired. And the faces were really different. �She probably remarried or so� Donna concluded, as she sat back looking forward. Her somber thoughts took over when she saw they were driving alongside the river. The same cold river where somewhere the body of Vivian was drifting.

Not much was said up until the children where delivered at their schools. But when the last one ran out of the car towards his friends, the tension in the car rose. Donna didn�t really know where to begin. She fumbled a bit, and felt herself becoming very emotional. She got herself together and decided to start with the obvious question

�Why did you expect me to call?� 

Ninon smiled dryly �You called off ms Brendan, and that is not how it works my dear.�

�Ms Brendan decides if she has had enough of you. On top of that you made the enormous mistake of threatening her. Not wise.�

�So�� Donna said �She is responsible for Vivian�s dead?�

�Who is Vivian?� Ninon asked

�An old girlfriend of mine. I asked her to be my guardian for my therapy. She..� Donna had to choke back a tear ��She is the one who helped me to fight ms Brendan. She had a car accident early this morning. When she left me.�

There was a long silence in the car. Donna observed Ninon who just looked straight forward for a while, but you could see her thinking hard.

�I don�t know if she�s responsible for her death.� Ninon finally said �I know she can be ruthless, vicious. And I know you pissed her off big time. She called me immediately after she heard your stupid message, and boy was she angry.� 

Ninon looked at&nbsp; Donna �And for the record, I am pissed too. I have gently trained you, I have been nice to you, I let you know what you were up to. And still you did something as stupid as this.�

�It was Vivian, she convinced me..� Donna started, but stopped. �I�m not going to put the blame on Vivian, she is dead!� she thought �How can I say such a thing.�

�She may have encouraged you, but you have a mind of your own. You should have known it was not wise to do what she told you. You should have known it was actually really stupid. Now you�ll face the consequences.� Ninon said brusquely �You are such a stupid cunt.�

Donna understood Ninon was angry at her, and understood it was because she was blamed for her rebellious act too. She had been angry at her before when she had not reached her fuck quota that weekend.

�How did she knew how to get Vivian?� Donna asked. She had to be sure Vivian was killed by ms Brendan. Though by now she was convinced it was the case.

�I never said she killed your girlfriend. That�s what you can ask her yourself, but I don�t think it would be wise to do so.� Ninon snapped back �Anyway, you decide for yourself what has happened, and how. I don�t really care. Just tell me if you will submit to your training again.�

Donna thought it over. Apart from Vivian disappearing ms Brendan hadn�t done anything to force her back to her. �But then again she only called off yesterday evening. Not much time to react. But Ninon did expect her call. Does she know more than she says to me?�

�You don�t have much time, by the way. Your appointment with ms Burkowitz is in about an hour. And you have to find a new guardian.�

Donna felt the pressure she was putting her under. She had to decide now. Rebel or submit once again. 

�If�If I continue to rebel, what will happen?� Donna asked meekly.

�You must face the consequences, and they will be severe. The sky is the limit. If you think she hit on your friend, don�t you think she can hit on your own family also?�

This was a thought that had crossed her mind. �If I quit, and she killed Vivian for it, she will be able to kill my family too, that�s right.� She looked outside as they passed the river again. �I even think she deliberately drives alongside this damn river all the time.� And that thought made it clear to Donna. All the suspicious clues together could only yield to one conclusion; ms Brendan had killed Vivian ruthlessly, in cold blood. And that was her message to Donna. Ninon was showing her her family could end up in the same river if she continued with her actions by constantly driving alongside it. She was kind of the messenger. �I am deeper in this shit than I previously could have imagined. And there is no way out now. But to submit again will mean punishment, heavy punishment� she knew.

�What if I � well� go back again?� Donna asked.

�You will be punished. And it will be hard, no doubt about that.� Ninon answered honestly. �You by now know how ms Brendan works. The last time you lost part of your job, and she upped your commitment. And that was when she was just disappointed with your achievements. Now she is pissed, so she will come down on you hard, very hard, and very cruel.�

�Oh boy..� she mustered. Donna had to think hard. She had to choose between two horrible options. Rebel and face brutal attacks on her family, or submit and face brutal punishment.

�If�if I�m really good, I mean� if I really follow orders, and play along, you know, really play along�will there be a positive..like ending?� she asked, as she felt her tears come up.

�It�s in my opinion your best shot.� Ninon said �Think logically. If you continue to rebel, well, you�ll probably loose everything, jobs, money, the house, and, if she killed Vivian, she might kill more.�

The car turned away from the river finally.

�But if you submit, you might save something of it. And if you�re really working hard, proving to be a good trained girlfriend, show your love to her all the time� You might get back some lost privileges, but I have to be honest, that�s totally up to ms Brendan.� 

Donna thought about it again. She could run to the police, could tell them everything, but with the speed ms Brendan reacted with Vivian, she might hit on her daughters immediately, and on Robert, who�s totally in her power.

�Where are my daughters now?� she asked Ninon, as she thought about them.

�You ask me? You are their mother. They spent the night at some friends I guess. The driver picked them up for school.�

Another hint. They were in the power of ms Brendan too.

�I�m really in deep shit, aren�t I.� Donna said.

�That�s an understatement.� Ninon replied.

She looked for another way out, but nothing solved her problem. The family was not together, and the danger had risen from a simple financial and embarrassing revelation, to a murder threat. And she had never expected that. At most she had thought of being raped, her daughters being raped, sodomized. But the cruel killing of her friend, only to keep ms Brendan�s name clean� �It does explain why she can live her dark live. Whoever doesn�t do what she tells her to she will ultimate kill.� 

�Do�do you know of any other killings she did?� Donna had to ask again.

�I don�t know, and I don�t want to know.� Ninon said �And for the record, ms Brendan killing Vivian is still totally your idea. Don�t go around telling she is a killer, unless you have absolute proof. And even then, I don�t think it would be wise to go against her.�

Silence again, and Donna thinking again, but she shook her head at the hopelessness of her situation. �Ok, Police not an option, running away not an option. Until I got my family together I�ll have to go along. Again��

�I..I understand now.� Donna said �I will submit again.�

She turned to Ninon �What will she do to me?�

�As I said, she will be hard on you. We all will be. But you deserve it, for all the trouble you caused. To everyone involved.�

The last sentence hit hard. �She insinuates I am responsible for Vivian�s death.� Donna thought silently as they crossed the river �If I involve anyone, that person�s life, my family�s life, will all be in danger. I can�t tell anyone anymore. Not for now.�

She felt trapped. She was trapped again. 

�Why is she so angry at me, why is she out ot get me?� she asked out loud.

�It is the fact that you blackmailed her. That was wrong. Leaving she could understand, and she would pull you back gently, yet forcefully. But you wanted to fight her, and now you got your fight.� Ninon said.

�Head my advice, just do as you�re told, or better, do even more. Do your utmost to get back on her good side again. Life will be hell otherwise. And you can�t win.�

�But I will loose anyway. If I submit to her wishes she�ll turn me into a whore, a slut! How can I live like that?�

�If you can�t you can always kill yourself, though she probably will still punish your family just for spite in that case.� Ninon answered coldly �You need to focus on making her happy. If she�s happy, you can be, and thus your family, your friends can be. You don�t have any alternative.�

Silently they drove the last part to Donna�s house. When Ninon parked in front of the house she turned to Donna.

�So..� she started �You need to hurry to find yourself a new guardian. One that you will tell the truth; that you want this therapy, that you chose it. Remember you need to update your diary, and choose a fantasy, or fantasies you want to make real too before the meeting. I will return in half an hour and check your writings. It better be good, very good.�

�After the session you�ll need to go to work. And at the spa afterwards just get a message, tomorrow is you skin and tooth treatment, so no special skin treatments. I will come tonight to discuss the new rules in the house. The new strict rules.�

She motioned for Donna to get out. Donna went out of the car in a daze. Her mind was in turmoil as she understood she was back in the hands of ms Brendan, and that she had to be prepared for the worse. She looked at Ninon driving off. She had been angry too, but she understood. If she misbehaved Ninon was held responsible too. 

When the cold got to her she woke from her thoughts and ran back in the house. �No time to waste, I need to call for another friend to be my guardian. Someone that will buy my lies, and then write in my diary��











No character is or was ever

real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the 

author. No part of this story may be used or posted 

on a site without expressed permission of the author.





The First Therapy Meeting 



Donna sat on her couch in her own living room. The ball gag in her mouth tasted bitterly. It forced her mouth open wide, and she had to swallow her own drool regularly, making sure she made soft but obscene gulping sounds. As time passed, her jaws had started to ache. Furthermore, apart from black high heels and black fishnet stockings, she was stark naked. Donna's face was heavily made up. Dark red lip gloss on her lips, she had also applied gloss on her nipples. Her eyebrows had been freshly shaven into a thin line and colored dark black. Thick black eyeliner darkened the contours of her eyes, emphasized by black mascara. The thickness of the black makeup gave her a whorish, slut-like look. An especially cheap look, Donna had made up her face with layers of panstick under light red gloss to accentuate and sharpen her cheekbones. Her eyes had the same reddish eye shadow applied to them. Finally and topping all of this, Donna had oiled her whole body, making her skin shine in the daylight. She looked kind of like a living doll - a fuck doll.



On a separate chair, with a bewildered face, sat Brigitte. Dressed normally in khaki, her blonde hair pulled backwards and simply tied, white sneakers, no makeup, Brigitte looked quite the opposite of Donna. She was the perfect picture of the ordinary housewife.



And she looked at Donna still not believing her eyes as the therapist explained what was going on. On the table lay Donna�s diary. Melinda used it to read some of Donna�s latest escapades and the sexual feelings they had aroused in her. Or so the diary claimed. With every filthy sexual activity described, Brigitte became visibly more disgusted. First curious in the beginning when Donna let her in and had explained a bit, Brigitte's look had changed first to one of disbelief and then to utter disgust. 



Now Donna was sitting quietly on the couch smiling, although it was clear that she was ashamed. But that wasn�t a problem as long as Brigitte believed Donna was totally behind this. Her complete acceptance that the therapy being described was Donna's idea was essential to the survival of her family, Donna's reminded herself. As the two friends exchanged looks, the therapist just kept on talking, explaining what was going on, what was going to happen. Yes, this really wasn�t your regular morning household coffee break. 



�So, as said, you will be used to verify this is all happening with the consent of your good friend Donna. That means we will meet regularly on a monthly basis to discuss the latest developments,� Melinda said. �As you can see Donna is totally into her fantasies already, and her mind is indeed kind of sick. But I�m sure that as we dig into the depths of her sexual fantasies, she�ll come out a better -- a new person.� Brigitte smiled politely at Melinda but she was still drawn to look at the freakish Donna, sitting naked opposite her. Silenced by a ball gag, made up like some fetish doll, oil almost dripping off her body, Brigitte had never seen any woman look like Donna did just now. Not in real life anyway and&nbsp; Brigitte couldn�t understand a woman preparing her own body like this -- like a dish on which someone was free to feast his sexual appetites. And Donna was married!



�I know,� Melinda said reassuringly, �its weird to see your friend like this. It always is the first few times. You are used to seeing her as a friend, someone to chat with, or maybe even shop with. A mother just like you. But now, it�s as if you are really seeing her in her bed, you see her as a sexual monster. Something she has always hidden, suppressed.� Brigitte nodded. She could agree with that statement. She looked at Donna again, and let her eyes follow along Donna's glistening oiled body once again. The black high heeled shoes, the stockings, she wouldn�t even know where to buy that stuff! And then the body, she had really worked out, she had shaved her vagina, and oiled it even. It shone every now and then when Donna switched positions, though she kept her legs decently together most of the time. The latter didn�t make the scene less obscene; it appeared as if Donna was teasing her with her pose. And that made Brigitte feel even more uncomfortable. Still, the way Donna was now posed, Brigitte didn�t had the look at that shaved vagina, with the lips showing so clearly. It disgusted her to see it. 

As she looked on, Brigitte could see Donna�s belly, the muscles, the glimmering piercing, its color. She had been to the tropics -- well okay, but Donna's skin was too dark to be naturally tanned. She must have artificially altered her skin color, probably in a tanning salon. 

Next, Donna�s breasts were free for all to see. With the nipples made extra pink. Brigitte never in her whole life had done that; better, yet, she never would. It was degrading. And the nipples were poking out. The living doll in front of her was obviously excited. Donna clearly loved exposing herself, humiliating herself, just as she had admitted in her diary. And her face with its thick layers of make up. It turned Donna's face into a smooth mask, almost unnatural. The whorish look was fascinating -- with those darkened eyes, hair done straight back, the bright red lips around the obscene ball gag. 

But most of all, the way Donna looked at her and tried to smile disgusted Brigitte. It showed Brigitte that Donna really was happy with the way she looked. True, you could see the shame in her eyes too but Brigitte understood that this was only natural. 

Excitement and shame at the same time all fit the stories Melinda had read from Donna's diary, and Donna's fantasies that Melinda had summed up from it. Donna was ashamed of her actions but she just couldn�t fight her urges. Now she was under therapy and had been told to let the real slut out. The shame would one day disappear. But what she was seeing now was so different from the Donna that Brigitte had thought she knew. And Brigitte wasn�t happy at all, now that she knew the new Donna. Why hadn't Donna had kept this from her? Brigitte wished Donna had chosen someone else. This whole thing would haunt her every minute of the day. It disrupted her safe, protected world. 



Donna tried a vague half-smile again as she saw her friend look at her. She was fighting hard not to crack and hoped the humiliating session would be over soon. As the session had progressed, she had come to understand just how thoroughly her former life was being destroyed. Everything that she had ever done, it seemed, was being placed in a different light by her latest escapades. Brigitte hadn�t said much but when Melinda had asked if she never had noticed anything strange, Brigitte had slowly mentioned a few nights out, shopping trips, times with Donna when she could remember that sex was mentioned. What were silly jokes that Donna had told were now being reinterpreted as omens of what was unfolding now. 



On advice of Melinda -- in fact, obeying orders -- Donna had gagged herself before the session. Melinda didn�t want her to say anything, just to "be herself." The gag would keep her quiet and be a clear visible sign of her true slutty, kinky nature. "It gets the message right through to the other person. It is whorish, sexually depraved, especially as you applied it to yourself.� And Melinda had been so right. 

Melinda had advised her to change into something kinky and naked, something that would go together with the big red ball gag and then come downstairs to the meeting. 

During Donna's absence, Melinda had taken Brigitte, who had been waiting patiently in the living room, and showed her the room -- the sex room. Melinda had gotten a key from Ninon without Donna�s consent. She showed her all the dildoes, the whips, the lingerie that was still in the room. And after the room, Melinda had taken her diary and let Brigitte browse through it, all the while explaining that Donna was just a sick mind, sexually frustrated, sex addicted, and needed to be cured. Brigitte was convinced in no time. When Donna had come down to the living room, dressed in just the high heels and fishnet stockings, ball-gagged, Brigitte saw for herself that it was all true. Donna truly was sick. 



For Donna, it had taken all her courage to walk downstairs to where her friend sat. When she saw the diary open on the table, Donna knew her life was ruined. When she heard Brigitte had seen her room, Donna knew there was no turning back anymore. She just had to be strong and play along. If Brigitte wouldn�t go along and failed to be convinced of Donna's "sick urges," Donna would have endangered everything, including her family, and Brigitte as well. As she was sitting on the couch, Donna felt it was slowly getting easier to do just that. If Donna didn�t fight and just went along, she had so much less to worry about. 

And now Brigitte knows about the room, so what? Donna convinced herself. Sooner or later during therapy, it would have come out anyway. Now it is just out in the open from the beginning. 

But Brigitte�s looks were disturbing her. Donna still had some pride left, although shattered more and more by every disgusted look. Brigitte wasn�t the kind of women who appreciated this. Sex never was something she talked about. It was something very private to her. And now with the way that Brigitte had looked at her, Donna knew she wasn�t into anything kinky at all. Worse, Brigitte despised it. But then again, clearly Brigitte did believe everything that she had just been told.



Ninon had emphasized that she had to cooperate fully. When she had returned to read the diary, Ninon had made lots of corrections, telling Donna to make it worse, to make it filthier. Donna knew that she was being punished for rebelling. She had complied but only after several more attempts was Ninon really satisfied. Donna had been horrified by what had been written down. It was totally opposite to her true feeling, and contrary to her real morals, her own personality. 

However, Ninon had taken her time to tell Donna over and over again that she was in deep trouble. Hints about Vivian's fate and that it could happen to her family too made that message all the more clear.�You�ll need to act like the true slut you are during the session. No crying, no tears. I want you to behave like a whore, a tramp. If Melinda comes with a bad report, there will be grave consequences. Ms Brendan�s patience is gone. Think of Vivian and your family. Be wise, be strong, � be a slut,� Ninon had concluded. 



Donna understood it all to well. And she reminded herself of those words whenever the humiliation came up again, and she was about to crack. "I�m protecting my family. I must sit through this. I must be the slut I can be. Convince Brigitte, convince Melissa," she hammered again and again in her mind until the feeling of dread subsided and she could concentrate on her false portrayal once again. And it worked. She could smile sluttishly, despite ball gag, at Brigitte whenever Donna looked at her. Donna could sit at ease, exposing her naked, oiled body, her breasts, her nipples and, as she deliberately switched legs, her pussy. She played the perfect pornstar as she had seen them do, exposing their bodies on the Internet. 

"I have convinced her," Donna noticed from Brigitte's reaction. Relieved by this she sat, still stark naked in her own living room, pretending to listen intently to Melissa�s explanations. The looks, the big eyes, and of course the combination of her being naked and smiling, while a professional therapist was explaining she was a hopeless sex addict were too much for Brigitte to doubt. 



�Okay," Melinda wrapped up. "We have come to the moment where the ball gag come off. Brigitte, you can now ask Donna whatever you want.� Donna unbuckled the gag, and with a smile laid the wet ball on the glass table. She looked at Brigitte still smiling, inviting her to ask anything. Brigitte was stunned and just sat silently for a while. Her eyes stared at the ball gag as the drool on it dripped on the glass table. It was obscene. 

�Go ahead, ask her something.� Melissa prompted. �I know you must have a million questions.� 

�Yes, Brigitte,� Donna said, responding to the subtle hint by Melissa. �Ask me anything, don�t be shy, I�m not.� Donna put on her most inviting smile. Oh how she looked the slut just now, Donna knew. 



�H-How long�� Brigitte asked slowly. 

�Well, difficult to say�,� Donna said promptly. �From when I was a teenager, I think. I�ve always had those wet dreams every now and then, where I did the most filthy things. With Robert and next the kids, it got suppressed but now the kids are grown and Robert is away so much, it all came back, and it kind of escalated.� 

It was all lies but it was what was in the diary and Donna just followed that script. It was much easier than to have to think up new answers. 

�And that�s why I have applied for this therapy,� she finished the answer, flashing a big smile and looking straight into Brigitte�s eyes. "She has to believe me, has to be convinced that I mean what I am saying." 



�Why me?� Brigitte asked, more a complaint than a question. 

This was a difficult one. Brigitte was not aware yet that Vivian was dead. Donna knew that if Brigitte knew about Vivian, she would have never participated in this therapy session. Instead, she would have ran off to the girls and told them what had happened to Vivian as any normal person would have done. So Donna had kept that hidden from her for now. Donna knew that Vivian's death would cause more problems once Brigitte found out. She would eventually put one and one together and figure out she had been second choice, that Donna had known of Vivian�s death and still had went on with the session. But Donna had had no choice in the matter. She had to ask Brigitte to participate, else the session wouldn�t go through and all hell would have broken loose. That was the last thing Donna wanted to happen. It was better to face an angry, disgusted Brigitte later. Donna could always hide behind her evil sexual desires, use them as an excuse for not telling&nbsp; Brigitte about Vivian. 

�Well, you were the one that loved the most to flirt together with me when we were out," Donna answered. "So I figured that you were the closest to my inner feelings. As I flirt too now, and even more as you know by now.� 

Reality was that Donna knew that she could best convince Brigitte of all her friends. She was the one everyone could easily fool. She wasn�t particularly dumb, just na�ve, especially towards people that she trusted. And she trusted Donna. So why would Brigitte not believe it? A professional therapist was explaining the need for her sex therapy, and her friend Donna, who made a fool of herself with her outrageous outfit, was sitting right in front of her. And on top of that, there was sitting in front of her a whole book full of Donna's own thoughts explaining what she had done during the last months and very much in detail. A person like Brigitte would not question the evidence provided and when told to be silent about it, would not get a second opinion. Brigitte would have no alternative but to believe the lies. 

The real problem was how long Brigitte would keep silent. She trusted every one of her friends and thus would talk about Donna with them sooner or later. But that too was a problem that Donna wanted to face later. Had to face later. For now, all Donna's effort was going into the short term, saving her family. And that meant pleasing Ms.Brendan, which in turn meant convincing Brigitte that Donna was a fucked-up slut, that she was seeking expert help, that this therapy was a professional cure and that she was doing a good thing in being Donna�s guardian. 

�And second, also very important, you are the one that can keep a secret. I don�t want this to get out. Just imagine Robert knowing what I feel, what I want to do!� Donna said as she gave a "best friends" look at Brigitte. �My family would be ruined. And I need it to be kept a secret, especially while I�m being cured of it.� Donna had to try to keep her quiet for as long as possible. 



�But the cure...,� Brigitte was distracted as Donna flashed her pussy again on purpose, �...the cure looks like it is worse than the disease.� Donna smiled sexily but she had to give credit to Brigitte. She had hit it right on the spot. The cure was worse, much worse, than the illness. But than again, Donna had no illness; it was all a scam anyway. 

�Only during most of the treatment,� Melinda interrupted. �In the end, she has faced her demons, and comes out a newborn Donna. I told you this.� 

Donna smiled a "thank you" smile at Melinda. "Bitch," Donna thought. "You know as well as I they're are not my demons but the ones you, Ms. Brendan, the whole bunch of you, send at me." But Donna simply looked at Brigitte for the next question, her smile still plastered on her face as if to confirm her therapist�s remarks. 



�Is this really, and I mean really, what you want?� Brigitte asked. �It is so unbelievable, Donna�� 

�Yes�yes, it is what I want. I�m tired of keeping it all hidden away. I can�t keep it hidden anymore. When I heard about this therapy, I knew it was made for me.� Donna said, basically reciting from her diary again. 

�She is so strong to seek help,� Melinda said. �The first step -- knowing that you need help and asking for it -- is the most difficult one. Would you want your sexual depraved fantasies out in the open?" Melinda asked&nbsp; Brigitte directly. "I guess not,� she followed up, answering her own question. 

Donna just kept smiling. She found comfort in inwardly cursing Melinda and everyone else. It kept her from breaking and the anger made her stronger, made her better able to act the slut. It was kind of funny how, through her anger, she felt superior over all of them, and especially over Brigitte. "I will convince her. She won�t have a single doubt in her mind when she leaves this house that I am a filthy, low-down, cheating slut." 

�No�I wouldn�t want that,� Brigitte said. �But I don�t have those weird urges either.� 

�True, you are not sick, my dear, she is,� Melinda said, nodding in Donna's direction. �But I agree with Donna that you will be a good guardian. Your skepticism towards the therapy is good. Now that we have convinced you, you will back us up against all those who would try to kill this therapy method.� 

�I�m not convinced of the therapy yet,� Brigitte shot back, irritated. �I am convinced that Donna is sick. Depraved.� 

�At least thank you for helping me so far,� Donna interrupted, sensing Brigitte was about to blow up and could ruin everything. �I need a friend by my side. So please help me get through this?� 

Brigitte looked at Donna again. And again, she had that appalled look. But the anger left her face. It drifted away to be replaced by pity. �Oh alright,� she said. �I�ll go along with this sick game for now. But whenever I feel it is getting too much, I�m out of here!� 

�The key to this therapy, to your attending, is only to confirm that Donna is doing this of her own free will," Melinda said warmly, making every effort to reassure Brigitte. �Not to participate in her degrading acts. Though you will be informed of what she does, or given hints, as you need to be told the whole picture, you will be her guardian, a second opinion for the ethics board." 



"So no more questions?� Donna asked Brigitte, still smiling broadly. She knew she had to distract Brigitte from really understanding her role for now. Later she would drift into it and then hopefully she would not resign. 

Brigitte thought for moment. �Your family� what, how will they look at this? At me?�

�My daughters have been told what is going on with me. They will basically keep themselves out of harm's way. I want them out of harm's way,� Donna explained. �As for Robert, I don�t want him to know until I�m cured. He�ll just have to be fooled every now and then. But when it comes to men, for us women, that�s no problem anyway.� 

Brigitte thought about it for a while. �As for your involvement,� Donna added and looked for reassurance from Melissa. �We can keep you out of my families sight if you want. Though they, my daughters that is, know I need a guardian. So they�ll figure it out somehow anyway.� 

�Keep me out of it as much as possible,� Brigitte agreed. �I couldn�t stand the embarrassment.� 

�That�s settled then,� Melinda confirmed. �Though I personally like the guardian to be out in the open. Too much secrecy is not good. But for now we will do it like that.� 



�That leaves the signing of the papers,� Melinda went on as she grabbed a pile of papers from her suitcase. �It is a lot, but once done we don�t have to do it anymore and we both are legally covered. So if Donna suddenly wants to sue you, she won�t be able to do so.� 

�Good,� Brigitte said. 

�And while we do this, I want you to entertain us, Donna. After all, you have signed all these papers already,� Melinda added. She turned to Brigitte, �I know this will not be to your liking, but I want her to show you the depths of Donna's depravity. You, as her trusted friend and guardian, must see her ugly desires.� 

�What will she do? I don�t want to be part of any sex act!� Brigitte objected. 

�Don�t worry, she�ll just give us a small show with her new friend Lenny,� Melinda said. Donna turned beat red. She hadn�t expected this. But she was trapped, she couldn�t refuse now. A discussion, or worse a fight, between she and her therapist would ruin everything now. Melinda meanwhile picked up the box with Lenny. She had taken it from the sex room where Donna had stored it. Melinda laid it on the glass table next to the ball gag. Melinda smiled at Donna, knowing she had to comply. Melinda then turned to Brigitte and sorted the papers in front of her, acting as if Donna didn�t matter. Brigitte soon found herself confronted with a pile of documents that she had to read and sign. 



Donna on the other hand reluctantly opened the box with the big black dildo and lifted it out of the box. It was too huge for her, no matter in what hole she would try to use it. But she knew she had to put on a pornographic show so she decided to start by licking the dildo, and then try to shove it in her vagina. If she did that slowly, they would be finished before Melinda would come up with something new. Donna looked at the dildo and decide to stick it to the glass table. That way she didn�t had to lift it up to herself all the time. She knelt on the carpet and tried to stick it to the table. At first, it didn�t stick well but when she looked more closely at how it had to work, Donna saw she had to wet the naps first. So she spit and licked them until they were wet enough, and tried again to affix the huge dildo upright on the glass table. This time it stuck. When she looked up, she saw a smiling Melinda and, as usual, a disgusted Brigitte looking at her. 

�Smart girl,� Melinda remarked, and she continued with Brigitte. 

Ashamed and humiliated, Donna focused on the dildo in front of her. It was huge. Coal black, it really looked a lot like the real thing from the dark head, to the shaft where you could see the veins, to the texture of the black skin, the ball sac that was just like a real sac filled with testicles that lay flat on the table. Donna blocked out her surroundings and started to lick the head gently. She spit on it, coating it with saliva and smeared the slime all over the head and shaft. This alone was a gruesome task. The dildo might look like the real thing but it tasted like rubber, just like the ball gag. She hated that taste. Worse, it made her think on how it should really taste, and that brought her back to her black gang bang. The dicks she had tasted then. These were thoughts she didn�t want to have. Donna didn�t want to remember that ordeal but couldn't help herself, and she knew that was exactly what Ms. Brendan wanted. 

"She�s fucking good in fucking with my mind," Donna thought as she licked the black dick. "She knows I will remember those fucked-up kids who raped me. She knows it repulses me, and she knows I still will need to think of some fantasy in order to fuck myself with this dildo." Donna desperately thought of any other black man that she knew and came up with Bill, her instructor. At least, it banned the thoughts of the gang bang for much of the time. And Bill was good looking, muscular, smart, tall, though he probably wasn�t as large as the dildo, as Lenny. 



While Donna was in her own world, licking away at the dildo, moaning, sucking loudly, Brigitte and Melinda went through all the papers. Brigitte was constantly distracted by Donna's actions, but Melinda expertly drew her attention back to the paperwork. She just let Brigitte look long enough so that the message really sank in. Her friend Donna was a crazy, fucked-up slut. When they were half way through, they saw Donna had had enough of licking the dildo. Donna had gotten up, turned her oiled body so her back was towards the dildo and them, and next she lowered herself onto the dildo. She spread her pussy lips as far as she could with one hand, and was rubbing and spitting her clit and pussy with the other. The black dildo itself was shining from all the slime Donna had coated on it. 

�Disgusting�,� Brigitte murmured as she tried to focus on the papers in front of her again. 

�She is really sick, very sick,� Melinda agreed as she looked first at Donna�s ass lowering slowly onto Lenny, than focused on Brigitte. �But I wanted you to see this too. All of this. And it is just the beginning.� 

Brigitte shook her head, still looking on the papers, trying to ban the noises Donna was making. �Let�s just get this over with, please?� Melinda smiled. She had numerous guardians before, and she knew they all were appalled in the beginning. 

�Just for you to understand, to know�, � She said as she laid down some new papers for Brigitte to read and sign, �� It will only get worse. In my experience, the guardian has it just as tough, and maybe even worse, than the sick person. These images, what she wrote down, they will haunt you if you are not careful.� 

�I know they will. She is really asking a lot from me�� 

�I know, but for the record, she is, and will be, very grateful to you.� 

Brigitte sighed and murmured a �Whatever�� as she signed the next papers. 



Donna meanwhile had the greatest difficulty getting her lips around the large head of the dildo. "Fuck, this thing is big," she thought as she spit more slime onto her fingers. Her vagina was already producing its juices but it still wasn�t enough. She had to stretch her lips with her fingers around the shaft, and really split wide with her legs, thrusting her ass backwards.&nbsp; Donna was so busy with the task at hand that she really didn�t mind anymore the obscene show she was giving Brigitte and Melinda. "How will I ever get this thing inside me," She wondered. "It�s impossible!" Donna grunted loudly from the pain as the head just wouldn�t go in. She started to hump on top of it and rubbed her vagina on the top of the dildo. It all made for some loud, gross sounds, but Donna was unaware of that. She had the difficult task of getting the head to go into her vagina, at least for a bit. And slowly, with loud protesting smacking noises, she got at least part of the tip into her vagina. 

"Finally...,� she just sighed as she took a break, standing legs wide, a bit bent at the knees, her back bent forward a bit but not too much as she used her upper body weight to force the dildo inside her. Her ass was turned upwards so that her vagina was positioned correctly for penetration. She was sweating all over, partly from the effort, partly from the pain that she forced onto herself. 



�She is so sick!� Brigitte whispered to Melinda as she watched Donna wage her fight with the black dildo stuck to the glass table, only a few inches away from them. The noise she was making made a normal conversation between Brigitte and Melinda almost impossible, especially for Brigitte who got distracted time and time again, as another loud smack was heard. 

�She is isn�t she,� Melinda smiled expertly. �I must say she is on the most exhibitionist ones I�ve had up to now. Now let�s get on with the last batch of papers. These are for protecting you against the ethics board�� And Melinda and Brigitte went on with their work. 



Donna had heard them whisper, and felt humiliated, but she was too worked up to really care. "That damn dildo is just too big," She thought hopelessly. "It just won�t fit. It will never fit." She rubbed her clit again and used some more of her spit before she stretched her lips again and started to rub against the dildo. As Donna tried harder and harder, the dildo made the glass plate shake more and more, which in turn disrupted Brigitte and Melinda, and their progress in getting the paperwork done. 

�Can you please keep it down a bit?� Melinda asked when the glass plate lifted a bit and came back onto the table frame with a loud bang. �We can�t finish up here.� 

�I�m sorry..� Donna said meekly; humiliation and shame washed over her. The interruption pulled Donna back to reality, and she realized that she actually was humping a dildo while two persons in the room just went about their business, well sort of. She was bending over with her hands on her knees, and was catching her breath. 

"Oh, how awful!!!� just went through her mind as she appreciated how depraved she must look. But she resumed squatting on the dildo again. Donna wanted to have some result, have at least part of the large head inside her. "I�ve already made a fool of myself. Let me have at least some positive result from it." But to her frustration, the dildo wasn�t getting any smaller and all her different positions didn�t help. She tried spreading more, she even climbed on the table, but was told to get off by Melinda because she was disturbing them too much. 

Her spit, her juices just weren�t enough and no matter how she pulled her outer lips, or even her inner lips, the damn head just kept on refusing to enter. Out of sheer desperation, Donna started to rock, hard and rough, on the head and before Melinda or Brigitte could stop her the dildo lifted the glass plate again, but this time higher, and when it came down, it broke into a thousand pieces with a loud bang. Brigitte and Melinda jumped back. 



�Are you nuts!!� Brigitte shouted to Donna. The shock had made her explode.&nbsp; Donna herself wished the ground underneath her would open up and swallow her. She stood there naked, on her high heels, with her stockings sagged, sweating, breathing heavily from her efforts, not knowing how to react. 

�You broke the glass with your disgusting masturbation act!!!� Brigitte continued. All her held back repulsion and anger came out. �You�re sick, you know, really sick!!!� Melinda knew Brigitte needed to be calmed down, and she walked up to her as Brigitte started to curse and swear all sorts of obscenities at Donna. �You sick bitch!! Disgraceful cunt!! Have you no shame, how can you act like this!!!� 

�Calm down Brigitte.� Melinda said as she laid her hand around the shaking Brigitte, �Calm down. Let�s go to the kitchen and have something to drink, coffee or maybe some tea. We can finish up over there and you can go. Don�t worry, okay?� Melinda patted Brigitte on her shoulder and guided her to the kitchen. 

�I�ve never seen such a sick thing. She is such a whore�,� Brigitte muttered as she was led to the kitchen. 

�Yes, she�s a low-down whore, I know, ... now let's just go into the kitchen for now,� Melissa steered the young housewife away. She turned back to Donna as they turned the corner. �You just clean up, and organize the rest of my papers. We�re done.� 



Donna nodded as she felt tears of humiliation stream down her face. She had just fucked up her own table, literally!! She looked at the mess and slowly started to clean. Donna picked up the dildo -- a piece of glass was still attached to it -- and laid it aside. Next she collected all the papers, cleaned and sorted them as much as she could. 

When she was busy with cleaning the glass splinters, Melinda and Brigitte came out of the kitchen. Brigitte obviously had cooled down a bit, although she was still visibly shaken and appalled with Donna. They both looked down on Donna as she busily cleaned up the mess, dressed in her high heeled shoes, and fishnet stockings. She turned beat red when she saw them looking at her as she wiped up the biggest pieces. 

�Here are the rest of the papers,� Melinda noticed and picked them up from the phone table. �This is your part. Be very careful with them, save them at a safe place, preferably a bank. As I mentioned, she might start to sue or whatever, or her family starts to sue, and then you want these, as they will protect you.� She gave a part of the pile to Brigitte, and next let her out, comforting her still, and reassuring her it was okay to be disgusted. Donna needed her, so she had to bite her tongue through it. It was humiliating for Donna to be talked about when she was present. They acted as if she was nuts, and couldn�t understand them. But she didn�t dare to complain, not in her current embarrassing state. No, she just went on cleaning the living room. The glass had shattered through the whole room. By the time Melinda returned without Brigitte, Donna was vacuuming the place thoroughly. 



�I�ll be going too,� Melinda shouted over the noise. �You�ve done great!� Donna turned of the vacuum cleaner. �And I think Brigitte will be a good guardian, though she is a bit shaky now. Our next session will be next week Monday. I like to start the week with my clients as soon as possible, so we can decide what will be done that week. So Monday, same time, okay?� 

�Okay,� Donna said meekly. She was an odd thing to look at right now, naked, high heels, stockings, and an ordinary vacuum cleaner in her hand. 

�Alright, see you next week then, have a nice weekend, and a happy end of the year celebration!� Melinda said, and picked up her coat, leaving with all of her papers. The papers that condemned Donna to the awful degrading therapy. 

"If this is how it is going to be all the time...," Donna sighed as she looked at the room while looking at Lenny, �I don�t think I can make it�� She turned on the vacuum cleaner and continued to clean the mess. The glass rattling as it was sucked up. Donna was still annoyed, recalling she didn�t get one inch of the dildo inside her. Sucking it had been difficult, but fucking it will be almost impossible. It will ruin my vagina�.and Ms. Brendan wanted me to take it up the ass too�� 











No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the author.



The Cops 



The sound of the vacuum cleaner filled the room as Donna busied herself cleaning the last glass splinters from the room. Her mind was far away, contemplating her situation. On auto-pilot she moved through the room, shifting the furniture to clean underneath as she went. The glass splinters were everywhere and she wanted them gone so that she wouldn�t be reminded of the shameful accident if even one was found later. She grabbed the dildo from the small table where she had placed it while she cleaned the room. She wanted to take "Lenny" back to the sex room as soon as she could. The dildo frustrated her not only because she was forced to carry it along everywhere �in itself a big problem and constant threat of discovery. No, she was also frustrated because, as she knew all to well, it was nearly impossible to mount the fake penis. Its sheer size was just too great. She would ruin her pussy and ass if she forced it inside. She looked at the dildo hopelessly. It was covered with dried slime and she would have to clean "Lenny" too before locking it back into its box. And the damn glass was still stuck to it. 



That�s when she sensed that someone was looking at her. Donna literally jumped up when she looked up and noticed two men standing in the living room. Two policemen! The vacuum cleaner fell to the ground as well as the huge black dildo as Donna quickly tried to cover her breasts and vagina with her hands. With a loud noise the glass attached to the dildo shattered into pieces, forcing everyone's attention to Lenny.&nbsp; Her face turned immediately beat red with shame as she saw the two man look with big eyes at the big black dildo bouncing on the ground until, at last, it came to rest at her feet. Donna stood still, holding her breath, as the officers first looked at each other, and then at the scene in front of them. Donna crossed her knees a bit, one over one the other, while her left hand unsurely tried to cover her shaved vagina. Her right hand covered as much as possible of her breasts, hopefully at least her areoles and nipples. A nervous smile was plastered on her red face. 



The men were also clearly uncomfortable with the situation. They stood silently looking at the scene in front of them, obviously not knowing what next to say or do. The man in the back, the taller one with blond hair, had a small smile on his face that he failed to hide. Donna could see that the policeman was trying hard not to openly laugh at her. The other man, shorter, more muscular, and with black hair, had a stunned expression on his face as his eyes traveled from the big dildo on the ground, to the naked Donna, dressed like a porn star. Both men stared and measured her body from her black platform heels, to her fishnet stockings, then up to her hips, where her hand was covering her vagina but barely, to her breasts, covered with her other hand but still very much on display, to her face where their eyes met. It was clear what both policemen thought about what had been going on. After staring at the scene for what seemed like ages, the dark haired officer tried to speak but the droning vacuum cleaner made it impossible for Donna to make out what he was trying to say to her. Instead, she just smiled, ashamed, and crossed her legs as much as she could. She knew that she had to be one hell of a sight, dressed (or really, undressed) as she was, the slutty makeup on her face. And last but not least, the damn dildo was right at her feet. But Donna just couldn�t make herself move, for fear they would see how truly naked she was, even if already they could see far too much.



Finally the smaller police officer, excusing himself with hand gestures, walked across the room to the frozen Donna and turned vacuum off. He stepped back to his partner when the room went quiet but moving very slowly and carefully, as if he was handling someone who was trying to commit suicide. A small silence followed as they adjusted to the lack of noise. It made it even more humiliating to Donna. She saw them silently staring at her in pure lust, even though they tried to keep it under control.



�We�re sorry to interrupt whatever was going on, Ma�am,� the officer finally spoke, breaking the silence, �but the lady who just left told us we could go in.�&nbsp; Donna just stood there smiling sheepishly, hoping the ground would open up and swallow her. �How long had they�ve been standing there watching me,� she wondered.



�We�we need to talk to you,� the blond officer continued. �We�ll wait outside so you can finish up?�&nbsp; Donna nodded, still frozen. She was glad when they finally walked away. She could see the smiles on their faces as they left to wait outside, leaving her to feel utterly humiliated. 



When they were gone, Donna looked at herself and knew she had made one hell of a wrong first impression. �What will they think of me, dressed like this, cleaning the house,� she asked herself. �And why did Melinda let them in? That was just such a mean, evil thing to do!� Donna picked up the dildo and quickly went to her room. As she went up the stairs, she saw the door was wide open still and that the two men were smiling as she scampered up the steps, the big dildo in her hand. She knew they had been standing there on purpose just to catch her naked one more time. 



�The filthy bastards,� Donna thought but she knew they couldn�t help it. It was her fault. After all, she was the one showing off. No man would be able to keep his eyes off her. In her room, she quickly looked for some decent clothing. A feeling of intense shame wouldn�t leave her and she found herself hyperventilating as she thought about facing the men again. She stepped out of her shoes, stripped out of the stockings, and put on a business suit. Donna had laid it out to be ready for the afternoon. She slipped into new, less high shoes and went downstairs. That�s when Dona began to wonder why the police were here. �It must be because of Vivian,� The thought brought her back to reality. 



Vivian had died and instead of mourning her, Donna had shamelessly played sex games. Even though she had not done so voluntarily, Donna cursed herself for her lack of will power. She should have resisted somehow. Now, she had to face the police and they surely would believe that Donna was little more than a heartless, sex-addicted slut.



Downstairs, she let the men waiting at the open door into the kitchen. The living room would be too awkward, after what had happened there. The freezing cold was killing her and she quickly closed the door behind the officers, following them into the kitchen.

The blond cop observed her silently as the other officer started talking to her.



�I am Officer Allen Dundridge, and this is Officer Michael Plow. We came here because of the accident involving your friend Vivian McDonahue. We want to ask you some questions.�



�Okay,� Donna said as she thought again about Vivian�s fate. She leaned against the fridge; she didn�t want to sit down. Not with them standing tall.



�You are Mrs. Donna Alldring?�



�Yes.�



�And Mrs. McDonahue was here yesterday?�



�Yes.�



�Can you tell me why she was here, and what you were doing that night? How late did she leave?� Donna looked at the officer warily. 



�These are just routine questions," the man assured her.



�What happened to her?� Donna asked as she felt tears well up. The police officer saw her beginning to tremble and grabbed a chair. �Please sit down, Mrs. Alldring.� 



Donna didn�t really want to, but she knew she had to. She was about to burst into tears again. I have to be strong, she reminded herself. This is just another ordeal I have to get through.



�Please,� she said when she was seated, �tell me what happened?�



�The car must have slipped on the icy road, just where the road makes a sharp turn alongside the river. Due to her speed, Mrs. McDonahue crashed through the fence, and dropped into the river below.� The officers said, watching her reaction.

 

�Have you found her body yet?� Donna asked as tears started to flow over her cheeks. She was not only crying because of Vivian�s fate, but also because of this new, horrible situation she was in. These policemen could save her from Ms. Brendan but Donna knew if she told them the truth, Ms. Brendan would strike again. That would mean either her daughters or Robert would be injured or killed, or all of them, Donna included. But if she didn't tell them about Ms. Brendan, the officers would leave, "knowing" that Donna was into kinky sex. They would be convinced that Donna was a sexually frustrated monster, who played sex games even when she knew her friend had just died.&nbsp; �They will believe that I am one sick bitch.�



�No, Ma�am,� the officer said. �The body was washed out of the car. We looked for it upstream, but no luck yet. It will be very difficult to find her body. The cold will keep it down, and the strong current can wash it far away, especially as more time passes. I hate to tell you this, Ma'am, but the body might never be found. It�s a bad situation��



Donna buried her face in her hands and sobbed. The officers let her calm down for a while but clearly it struck them as odd to them that the women who was now crying her heart out now was just five minutes ago dressed like a whore and playing with a massive dildo.

 

�Ma�am,� the officer tried again. �We need to know what happened last night. Had Mrs. McDonahue been drinking?"

�No..,� Donna sniffed as she cleared her eyes, and forced herself to stop crying. �She drank a little� not excessively. She knew she still had to drive home.� Donna mustered up all her courage. �Let�s get through this. Now it is not the time to fight Ms. Brendan. My family is split. I don�t know who is on Ms. Brendan's side and who is not. For all I know, these officers are on her side too,� Donna told herself. �I�ll just tell them that Vivian was here and anything else they want to know about last night, except for the therapy part. It was just old friends spending a night together.�



�Okay, and why did she suddenly come to your house," the officer asked.



�Pardon," Donna replied.



�These are just routine questions, Mrs. Alldring. You are not a suspect but we need to get the facts straight. Mr. McDonahue said his wife went to see you rather urgently.� Donna�s mind was racing for a good excuse. She knew now it was getting tricky. Her lies could get her and her family in trouble. Right now, she had to respond but she couldn�t conjure up a suitable lie, except for �



�She came here because �.,� Donna took a deep breath, �because of my condition." There,� she thought �I�ve said it, no turning back now.�



�Your condition?� the officer pressed.



�I am under therapy...� Donna explained. �I have some problems, well, with my, �with my sex life.�



A silence fell in the room. �I am in this therapy where I needed the help of a good friend and I asked Vivian to come over to tell her this�to ask her to help me..� Donna knew she had destroyed her reputation with the authorities but what else was there to do. �This morning� what you have seen..,� she went on, �..was part of my therapy�� Donna thought back on the horrible session with Melinda and Brigitte, how the glass shattered, and how the officers saw her standing practically naked in the room. �Anyway..,� Donna continued, telling herself that they didn�t need to know that much detail, �.. that�s why she was over.� She looked the officer in the eye and knew he believed her. Well, it was the truth so why wouldn�t he. And it explained her behaviour, her clothing. But her explanation defined her as a very twisted and sick woman in their eyes too.



�We didn�t drink that much. Actually I did most of the drinking�� The officer wrote down her statements in a small notebook.



�Okay,� he said when he finished writing, �and what time did she leave?�



�Around twelve, maybe one o�clock,� Donna replied, "and around three, four o�clock, her husband called me.� The man scribbled some more into the notebook.



�Ok, ma�am, I think we�re finished here for now. Leaves me to ask if you are available if we have any more questions?�



�Of course,� Donna answered.



�Thank you ma�am, we�ll see ourselves out,� the officer said as he saw Donna trying to get up. In no time the officers were gone again, just as they had appeared. Donna sat alone in the kitchen for a while, still sniffing a bit from all her emotions.



�Poor Vivian..� she said �Poor, poor Vivian�� After a short time in silence Donna began to wonder. Was it really an accident?&nbsp; It could have been and if it was, Ms. Brendan and Ninon are taking advantage of an accident to humiliate me. But if it wasn�t, it means they won�t hesitate to hurt my family. How will I ever know the truth? Another disturbing thought came into her mind. What if these cops were part of the scheme too? What if Ms. Brendan sent them just to see if I would keep my mouth shut? Or to check if I would tell them what I've been trained to tell everyone? Donna pondered on these unsettling, new ideas for a while. Well, I did just that, told them I�m under therapy, and even if they are not part of the scheme, they now know I have sexual problems, Donna shook her head. Or as I�m forced to have them.�



Donna stayed in the kitchen for a while and ate lunch, and got ready for work. As she made ready to go, Donna remembered Lenny and with dread switched handbags to place the large dildo in it. She could take a smaller bag if she left the box out, but Donna had no intention of letting anyone who might glimpse into her bag and see the large black sex object. �I would much rather walk with extra large bags, than have that embarrassment happen to me. The box she filled with cotton, so the dildo wouldn�t rattle as she walked. At work, she was greeted by her supervisor at the entrance and taken into her office.



�Ms Brendan called me again today and reassured me you would be assigned to our next big project.� Mrs. Cullington told her, �So we better get you up to speed as fast as possible.� This surprised Donna. She hadn�t expected to be still on the good side at work, even though she had excelled in her work. Donna knew approval didn�t depend only on the quality of her work, not by far. As she sat down in front of her supervisor, Donna sat the large bag next to her and wondered what was next, still suspicious.



�You�re taking all your furniture along,� Mrs. Cullington said jokingly, referring to the size of Donna's handbag. Donna smiled sheepishly back. �Does she know about Lenny?� she wondered. 



�Anyway, how was vacation,� her boss continued. �Enjoyed the Caribbean?� 



�Yes," Donna replied. �It was nice, the sun, the sea��



�Great,� her chef interrupted her. �Well since you're rested, we can start to introduce you to your next assignment. You�ll start next year ... that is to say, next week. Today, you can finish up your other projects and transfer the work to the other team members. We need you full time on this one. It will be hard to do all the work, working just part-time, but Ms. Brendan won�t hire you full time, not yet.�



�What is the work,� Donna asked although she already knew.



�It�s the development of the old industrial area. We want to make it a night life centre. You�re job will be to coordinate the project. Be a kind of assistant to the project manager, that being me. In the coming month, we�ll be working out ideas with the architects, city planners, then we choose one, or mix a few, and then we start working it out, getting the budget, selecting the contractors, et cetera. We�ll be guiding the development itself too. I figure this will be a project lasting up to two years, maybe even longer.� 



�That�s great,� Donna said. �But it will be a lot of work��



�You�ll be working your ass of indeed. As I said, I tried to convince Ms. Brendan to hire you back full time, but she would have nothing of it. You somehow pissed her off big time, yet she does want you on this project... Anyway, expect to work hard, and at night too. It is a lot for someone experienced and working full time, let alone for you. But I�m sure you can manage, and as we go along, maybe we can get you to work fulltime, or get some assistance.�



Donna smiled with a worried look. The work seemed okay; it looked like everything she ever wanted. But the amount of work to do was troubling. She would never be able to get everything done while working half days. Meetings alone would be happening all day, not just in the afternoon. And she worried what Ms. Brendan true intentions were. Was it punishment, have her working her ass off for a few months, or was there something else behind this all? There had to be something behind it, but what?



�Okay, the report is in your mail, detailing the overall project plan and the work for next week. You go now and transfer your other work this afternoon. And let me wish you a happy end of the year.� 



Donna smiled. �Thank you, the same to you.� 



With all the things happening in her life, she had totally forgotten it was December and everyone was partying already. The coming weekend, she would be with the girls, Robert and his parents to celebrate New Years Day. And she had missed Christmas because of the trip to the Caribbean just a few days ago. Tomorrow, she had to do her teeth and her skin already. 

�There is a lot going on in my life right now and most of it I don�t control anymore.� She thought wearily �Actually, I don�t control anything right now��



The rest of the day she had no time anymore thinking of her situation. She was extremely busy transferring her work to several colleagues.&nbsp; Most of them were jealous that she had gotten the job everyone had been aiming for. It was �the� big assignment for the next year and the fact that she had gotten it, a part timer, and new, was nearly a trigger for open revolt. 



Donna wondered at the end of the day if that was what Ms. Brendan was trying to create, making her work environment impossible too. �If that�s the case I�ll show her, she has to come up with something better. A few jealous colleagues are nothing that I can�t handle.� She thought defiantly �I�ve been given this chance, and won�t let it slip away!�



The only truly disturbing moment of the afternoon was when Ninon had walked into her office. Donna was on the phone and she had waited patiently for Donna to finish. 



�Hello Ninon, what can I do for you?� Donna had asked, totally occupied with her work, and a bit stressed.



�Show me Lenny,� Ninon had simply demanded. Donna had been surprised by the bold order, and it took her a few moments to grasp the command. She had to switch back away from the job, but she eventually complied. She had taken her bag, and held it open to show the box.



�Open it,� Ninon had ordered, which Donna had done.



�Okay,� Ninon had acknowledged after she had seen the black dildo in its box, and then simply walked away, leaving a thoughtful Donna behind. It had been the first time she had been really checked up on and Donna knew this signalled a change in the way that they would treat her. They were going to be checking up on her on a much more invasive way. It worried her and once she had placed the box back into her bag, it took her some time before she could dive into her work again. A dead tired Donna left work at eight o�clock, barely finished. She knew in her tired mind she was going back to her house where Ninon would be waiting to guide her through her next ordeal. It would be a long, long night still.











No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the author.





The New Rules

 

When Donna arrived home, she found Ninon waiting for her in the kitchen.&nbsp; Donna said hello and sat down at the table, too tired to worry about what might be up next, too tired to think at all.



�You skipped gym,� Ninon said.



�I had too much work to do.&nbsp; I needed to�� Donna began to answer wearily.



�I don�t care,� Ninon interrupted her. �If you have a schedule, you stick to it.�&nbsp; Donna looked at Ninon, annoyed. She was in no mood for this, not after a long afternoon of exhausting work.



�This will have consequences for you,� Ninon went on.&nbsp; �From now on I will not take the slightest disobedience from you.&nbsp; You will learn to follow the rules, strictly and without complaint, eagerly even.&nbsp; If you have to go to the gym, you make sure you go, and make sure Bill is satisfied with you too.�



�I�m sorry,� Donna said, too tired to care.



�Sorry won�t cut it,� Ninon snapped. �If you disobey, you will be punished.&nbsp; Anyway we see fit. And you can be sure your punishment will be so hard you will think twice before not following orders again.�



�But...� Donna tried to explain.&nbsp; Damn, it was getting out of hand.&nbsp;&nbsp; She didn�t need a fight with Ninon just now.



�No �buts� � Just do as you�re told.&nbsp; Don�t fuck up again.�



Donna kept quiet, knowing that further objections would only result in more punishment, whatever that might be.&nbsp; She forced herself to focus on the conversation, and act submissively.



�Okay, later on you�ll hear your punishment.&nbsp; As for tonight, here�s what we�re going to do.&nbsp; We�ll explain to you the new strict rules and we�ll go through your clothing to throw away everything that you�re no longer allowed to wear.�



Donna looked at Ninon, begging with her eyes that Ninon not to go through with this.&nbsp; Still she kept quiet.



�You can always leave, slut,� Ninon said, noticing the look.&nbsp; �It�s up to you.&nbsp; However, the consequences will probably be more than you can bear. It was so stupid to try to blackmail Ms. Brendan. It�s due to your stupidity that we decided to raise the bar and let you work so hard at being a good little slut, you won�t have time to start scheming with old friends.�



Donna hung her head down.&nbsp; She was too afraid to stop now indeed. She knew Ninon was hinting at her family being hurt. 



�Your daughters won�t be coming home; they are with friends, -- as usual by now.� Ninon went on without pausing, knowing what Donna was thinking.&nbsp; �And Robert called already.&nbsp; He knows I�ll pick him up at the airport because you are too busy.&nbsp; So you�re ours�, tonight and tomorrow.�



Donna started to understand how hopeless her situation was becoming.&nbsp; Nothing ever went the way she wanted it, nothing at all.&nbsp; Worse, everything seemed to go exactly the way Ms. Brendan wanted things to go � exactly. 



�Have a cop of coffee,� Ninon instructed.&nbsp; �I need you awake as we go through the new rules.�



It was the first kind gesture that Ninon had made that evening and Donna eagerly jumped on it.&nbsp; She poured herself a large mug of hot fresh coffee.&nbsp; How she needed that!&nbsp; She sat down at the table and quietly sipped her coffee.&nbsp; Ninon just looked at her, observing her.&nbsp; It was a more than a little uncomfortable but Donna tried to relax as she enjoyed the coffee, making sure she appeared docile.

 

Work had worn her out, all afternoon she had been busy explaining things, gathering information, running around from meeting to meeting, talking to what she had decided were the most idiotic people.&nbsp; She loved it, but it had been just too much for one day.



There had been so much that had been left finished. She had to postpone a number of meetings to the following week.&nbsp; Her chief had approved but it meant that Donna would have all of next week�s work to get done plus what had carried over.&nbsp; Again, she loved it, but she worried how she could mix such a busy work schedule with her personal life.&nbsp; Especially so now that Ninon was so on her case about missing a stupid gym session.&nbsp; As she quietly drank her coffee, Donna could concentrate on her current situation and glanced with some suspicion at Ninon.&nbsp; Ninon�s anger, her boldness tonight had come as a bit of a surprise but Donna thought about it.&nbsp; She recalled Ninon�s reaction had been the same when, during the first weekend with Robert, Donna had disobeyed Ms Brendan�s instructions by not making her �fuck� quota with Ms. Brendan�s �employee� � her own husband!



�Ninon must have been reprimanded or something like that,� Donna thought.&nbsp;&nbsp; The last sips of hot coffee warmed her up.&nbsp; My disobedience has had bad consequences for Ninon too. Just like that first weekend.&nbsp; Could she be just another one of Ms. Brendan�s victims?&nbsp; But how could she get her life so fucked up that now she has to sexually train innocent women?&nbsp; How can she be so merciless about Vivian�s death?&nbsp; Donna continued to speculate about Ninon as she finished her coffee.&nbsp; Things didn�t add up. Is Ninon a predator, or a victim?&nbsp; Maybe she�s just angry because she lost a large bonus that Ms. Brendan promised her.&nbsp; And she keeps on losing more money each time that I disobey.&nbsp; That would explain it all but it makes Ninon a very sick person.&nbsp;&nbsp; �But then again, she would be only one of the many I�ve been forced to meet lately.�



Donna took a last sip and put the mug on the table.&nbsp;&nbsp; �And, � she admitted to herself quietly, �if Ninon is really a �sicko�, my situation is even worse than I had thought.�



�Okay, now we go upstairs.� Ninon said the moment Donna�s mug hit the table, and got up.&nbsp; Donna wearily followed her.&nbsp; She knew another ordeal was about to begin.&nbsp; They walked to Julie�s room to her surprise. 



�Undress and fold the clothing nicely on the bed, then sit at the computer.&nbsp; We set up a list of rules and placed it on the Web. You�ll need to memorize your new rules over the coming days, and it�s a long list.&nbsp; Nevertheless you�ll have to follow your new rules to the letter.�



Donna did as instructed.&nbsp; She pulled off her jacket, folded it, and laid it on the bed. Next, she unbuttoned her blouse, then her bra, next her skirt, and at last her panties. When she was naked apart from her shoes, and all clothing was folded, she sat down at the computer and started it up.&nbsp; Ninon took another chair and sat beside her. 



�Masturbate as the computer starts up,� she ordered, testing Donna�s obedience. 



Donna spit on her fingers of her right hand.&nbsp; She spread her legs and lifted her feet up to the seat points of her chair, an action that opened her pussy up and started to rub herself.&nbsp; Her wet fingers coated her clit and inner lips and quickly she felt her pussy react.&nbsp; She closed her eyes to concentrate better on getting off, rubbed her tits, and pinched her nipples. After she had forced herself in the right mood, she could open her eyes again to look at Ninon. A smile automatically plastered on her face, Donna showed off how good she was in masturbating.&nbsp; Just how Ninon wanted her to behave, exactly as she had been taught.



As she was busy getting herself off, Donna felt her itch come back with a vengeance. She had not felt it the whole day, but now her itch was back in her ass and pussy full force.&nbsp; �Worse, the medicine is finished,� she recalled.&nbsp; She would have problems tomorrow for sure.&nbsp; Partly due to the itch, she came hard and fast, even before the computer had launched.&nbsp; Her juices spurted out of her pussy, and she needed both hands to catch it all.&nbsp; Donna knew full well that she didn�t use to cum like this but now her irritated pussy produced so much natural lubricant and with such force that when she came it was starting to spray out of her.&nbsp; It seemed to Donna almost unnatural.&nbsp;&nbsp; She licked her hands clean, and then cleaned her vagina and thighs with her hands, licking them clean.&nbsp; 

�You�re a fucking slut aren�t you?� Ninon said as Donna finished up, her forced smile still on her face. 

�Yes Ninon, I am,� Donna promptly answered.



She thought on how thoroughly they had trained her. It had been almost as if she had been on automatic pilot when she just had masturbated.&nbsp; No shame now to do it in front of Ninon, no shame to use her own spit to get wet.&nbsp; Always smiling.&nbsp; Although it was for Donna all an act, she really did cum. And even as she came, she was acting in all the ways that they had trained her.&nbsp; Cumming wasn�t anything like it had been before all this began, when she could just let go and enjoy the pleasure.&nbsp; Now cumming was just one more part of a performance that included lots of heavy breathing, passionate moans, dirty talk, moving just the right ways, just the right expressions on her face �just as she had been taught.&nbsp; Difficult at times but she always pulled it off.



The computer finished, and they were ready to move on.



�Okay, let me login to the web page,� Ninon said.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donna moved over and Ninon began to type in the home page address and password.&nbsp; A web page opened with a long list of rules, neatly structured into sections.



�That�s the one,� Ninon said.&nbsp; The title of the page simply read: �Cutty�s Rules.� Ninon stepped back and Donna moved back in front of the screen.&nbsp; She glanced at the list and knew she was in for big changes.&nbsp; Donna had expected some tough rules, but the new rules were not just hard; they were very much in detail.&nbsp; And there were a lot of them.



�The rules are first split up into larger groupings � there are the ones that always apply to everything that you do.&nbsp; We call these rules your General Rules.&nbsp; There are rules that apply at home, and others that apply when going out to party.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are rules for work.&nbsp; Furthermore, each group of rules is then broken down into several categories like make up, clothing, behavior.�&nbsp; Ninon took her time, explaining carefully, making Donna paid close attention.&nbsp; �There will be no debate about your new rules and you must follow them all, and at all times. We will check up on you whenever we feel like it.&nbsp; If we find you missing or failing even one rule, we will punish you.�



Donna nodded absentmindedly.&nbsp; She was busy reading through the list, and it surprised her how much work they had put in to it.&nbsp; Instructions about the height of the heels on her shoes, the way she had to make herself up for every occasion, even details about the number of bracelets she had to wear at different times. It would be hard, if not impossible, to know all the new rules by heart. 

�The punishment will be hard from now on.&nbsp; You have proven to be unworthy of our trust.&nbsp; Actually, you�ve proven yourself to be a backstabbing, lying bitch.&nbsp; So you had better not disobey any of these rules from here on,� Ninon went on. 



�We won�t allow you to print the list or make a copy.&nbsp; You will learn it by heart over the coming days from this site.&nbsp; After that, we will only allow you access to the parts you have failed to learn and follow, after which you�ll receive your proper punishment.&nbsp; Pain is also a way to learn the list but much harder.&nbsp; I would not strongly advise that you not do it that way.�&nbsp; 

Donna nodded a bit, agreeing she preferred to learn the list without what she was sure would be very unpleasant punishment.&nbsp; But she also knew that doing so was impossible - way too many rules, far too many instructions.&nbsp; Who could remember it all?



�Good,� Ninon said after getting no response. �Let me explain the overall idea behind the list.&nbsp; You will be focusing much, much more on your appearance and behavior.&nbsp; At home, you will be dressed in �themes,� as we call them, the �sexy maid,� the �slutty nurse,� the �naughty school girl.�&nbsp; We leave it to your own sick fantasies to find what dirty themes you can come up with.&nbsp; And you will come up with lots of them.&nbsp; The dress rules in the list, like the shortness of the skirts, height of the heels, apply to the themes too, of course.&nbsp; Also you will behave according to a theme in order to act it out convincingly.&nbsp; You will put on a very good � better said, an extremely convincing act for all who happen to be in the house.&nbsp; We expect you to surprise us with your sexually perverted, kinky ideas and the people who see you living them out had better believe it.�



Donna listened as she browsed down to the section jewelry, and she read about the erotic jewelry that she was supposed to wear.&nbsp; Nipple clips and rings, clit jewelry, she hadn�t even known jewelry like that existed. 



�As for going out, well, the rules as detailed apply. Just go through them. You�ll be exposing yourself a lot more. For instance underwear is a total �no, no.� Until your breasts are done, you may use a push-up bra but your tits need to be clearly visible, and your nipples always rock hard and on display.&nbsp; The nipple jewelry will help with that if the cold is not enough.� Ninon obviously referred to the part Donna was reading now. 



�To put your mind at ease a bit, we will be going more to places where clothing like that is appropriate and we will be attending many more private parties.�&nbsp; Donna wondered what sort of places Ninon hinted at. The only places she knew where short skirts, no underwear, high heels, tight t-shirts were worn, were the seedy bars frequented by hookers and their pimps, or cheap brothels. �Well, at least I won�t be out of place there as I would be in a normal pub,� Donna told herself, a cynic grin on her face.&nbsp; 



�As for your behavior, well basically you�ll have to play the happy slut at all times. Depending on the situation we expect you to take action or just humbly comply with orders.� 



�As for conversations, if you are in control of the conversation, we expect you to chatter and babble about sex, sex and more sex. So always steer any conversation that you are in to sex.&nbsp; Insist on talking about the porn movie you recently saw, tell them about some perverted thing you just did or the sick fantasy you simply cannot get out of your head.&nbsp; If you aren�t in control of the conversation, always comply, agree with what is said, no matter how depraved, no matter how humiliating it is for you to do that.&nbsp; We expect you to really be very actively involved in making sure that the only thing you talk about, � all anybody expects you to talk about is hot, kinky sex.�



�One detail I want to point out is how you will address people from now on.&nbsp;&nbsp; No more first-name basis for you.&nbsp; Always use the person�s last name, and I mean always.&nbsp; Even if people insist on using first names, you�ll keep on addressing them by their last name.�



�Basically, you no longer will make any decisions.&nbsp; You will obey the rules and when you are in doubt, you will ask to be told what to do.&nbsp; To make this work at home, you�ll hand in a weekly schedule, which we will approve and or correct in advance, detailing what you will be doing.&nbsp; That way, when for instance you are alone with your family, you�ll know what to do, you won�t have to ask permission from your daughters or husband.&nbsp; Makes life easier for you, right?�



�Yes, ummh � Mrs. Bondain.� Donna replied, worried.



�Good, you remembered that rule.&nbsp; But did you also understand you have to ask permission for everything not within the schedule from now on?&nbsp; Like going away to a family or a friend�s party.&nbsp; You don�t go if we don�t approve.�



�I can go to Robert�s parents this weekend, can�t I,� Donna blurted out, panicking that she would miss seeing her husband.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ninon looked at Donna, shaking her head, a look of staged disappointment.&nbsp; It took a few seconds before it dawned on Donna.



�Sorry � Mrs. Bondain,� she corrected herself.



Ninon was still looking at her with the same theatric face of disappointment, as if to suggest that Donna was too stupid to understand where she had gone wrong, but still saying nothing.&nbsp; Donna really didn�t know what she had done wrong and just smiled shyly back at her.



�Who is Robert from now on,� Ninon asked her.



�Oh, ah � yes, Mrs. Bondain.&nbsp; I�m so sorry.&nbsp; I meant �Mr. Alldring.��&nbsp; Donna now fully understood just how humiliating the new rules were meant to be.



�Okay, with a little practice you�ll get used to it as will everyone around you.� 



�I doubt that.&nbsp; We have been always on first-name basis in my family and in Robert�s family too, my in-laws,� Donna thought. �My behavior will be unexplainable.�



�Tell me the correct sentence now.� Ninon went on.



�May I go to Mr. Alldring�s parents� home this weekend for a party, Mrs. Bondain?� Donna asked with a bit of irritation; it was just too much for her.



�Don�t make me angry, Donna,� Ninon warned with a stern look. �I don�t like your

Tone of voice one bit.�



�Sorry, Mrs. Bondain.� Donna said, much subdued.



�Okay,� Ninon approved.&nbsp; �Of course you can go this weekend; you needn�t worry about that.&nbsp; It was actually scheduled and approved already, wasn�t it?&nbsp; You would have to ask for permission not to go, wouldn�t you?�



That answer worried Donna. Were they planning something?&nbsp; I hope not, I don�t want any problems with Robert�s parents. �I�ve worked so hard on getting them to like me.�



�Next, the sex training,� Ninon went on.&nbsp; Donna browsed down to get to worrisomely-long part of the new rules that dealt with her sex training from here on.



�You will start to learn more tricks now.&nbsp; For instance, you will take professional lap dance lessons. You will learn how to dance around a pole, how to undress in lots of sexy ways, how to excite men and women. After those lessons, you will be able to work at a topless bar and be a big success.�



�Also you will be taught how to masturbate with or without dildos -- up your pussy, up your ass and both.&nbsp; It is actually an extension to your lap dance lessons but much more hard core.&nbsp; You�ll walk around with Ben Wa balls stuffed inside you at all times. You�ll need to keep them inside you while walking, sitting, no matter where you are or what you are doing.&nbsp; Tough at first, but it can be done and you will do it. They will slip out of you a few times in the beginning, especially as you won�t have underwear. This exercise will train your muscles down there properly.&nbsp; Mind you, the amount of juices you produce -- and especially as these balls will get you excited, making you juice up even more -- will make it even harder to keep them inside.&nbsp; But this will be perfect training of the major cunt muscle that you will need to milk any cock or dildo properly.�



Donna looked at Ninon wondering: �Is she enjoying this?� 



�Also we will train you with bigger and bigger dildos until you can easily shove Lenny up every hole you have and without a problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you can, Lenny and you will put on a big show for Ms. Brendan. She�ll love it.�



Donna shrugged as she thought of the thick, long black rod in the other room.&nbsp; It would never fit inside her; she was sure of it.



�You were a bit daring by trying to insert it this morning or so I heard.&nbsp; We�ll teach you how it is done.&nbsp; You don�t stretch your pussy so far in one day; it takes hours of painful stretching of the lips, the muscles inside.&nbsp; Stretching your cunt for Lenny will conflict with your Ben Wa exercise, but eventually you�ll have big holes that can flex down to grasp even a tiny dildo.� 



�Your ass will be a different case, but then again you already have an enema every day, so you don�t need to hold in your shit anymore. From now on, your ass will always be filled with an ever-increasing sized butt plugs and dildos until Lenny can comfortably nestle up your ass.�



�You will also hire a professional hooker to teach you the tricks of the trade.&nbsp; Apart from making you more profitable, it will also help to keep you from harm, knowing how to handle customers, what the signs of trouble are. But mind you, we expect you to learn also how to squeeze all the money out of your tricks by putting up a good, � a very good performance. Your customers � no matter who they are -- must always be satisfied.�



�These lessons will also help you with your themes, and should make living out your fantasies so much easier.�



Donna listened as she read through the parts of her new rules that controlled her behavior.&nbsp; Ninon was moving quickly through those parts and Donna could not keep up but what she read was disturbing.&nbsp; There were rules on how to walk, how to pose when standing still, when sitting, even how the smile in various situations.



�And also we will teach you much more of the beautiful world of bondage and sadomasochism. You have learned the taste of the whip already, but now we will teach you the etiquette of it.&nbsp; How to present a whip to someone to use it on you, how to look submissive, be collared, how to walk when leashed.&nbsp; Oh yes, a whole new world will open up for you.�



�How in the world does that benefit me?&nbsp; Just more and more depraved abuse at my expense,� Donna decided as she read the list of whips and chains and worse with which she had to get familiar. The long list included latex clothing, corsets, boots, and of course several collars, detailing even the colors of each.&nbsp; �From what I�ve experienced with SM up to now I didn�t like it and they will do everything they can to make it worse.�&nbsp; Another rule required her to buy and keep ready a metal dog cage. �And I can see how they will,� she thought as she read the cage rule, which even detailed the size.&nbsp; 



�Now at the end of your new rules, all of your punishments are detailed.� Ninon told Donna to scroll way down.&nbsp; Ninon didn�t bother to comment on the cage, although she must have seen Donna reading about it. 



�Basically, you will be punished whenever we feel you didn�t follow the rules to the letter and heart.&nbsp; That also applies if we don�t have proof.&nbsp; So it is important for you to understand you will need to prove you are following the rules.&nbsp; This can be through pictures, film, or a witness. You will not be punished only as long as we believe it.&nbsp; If not, we punish you.�



Donna browsed down to find the part where the punishment was described and quickly understood that proof would be very difficult to obtain.&nbsp; A witness would be out of the question most of the time. �If I�m at home, I don�t want anyone else there if I�m dressed up as a horny maid.� 



�The proof, and this applies more to digital pictures and film � which, by the way, we encourage -- you can post on your own web page.&nbsp; The �who� and �what� of your web page is also in your new rules.&nbsp; Simply put, you�ll sign up to a service that will host your pictures, and arrange them in nice webpage galleries for people to come and see. It is a place especially for the depraved like you.�



�Anyway, back to the punishment,� Ninon continued, �this will basically consist of lashes.&nbsp; Depending on the severity of the violation, we will use more painful whips, and stronger strikes.&nbsp; Now we don�t want to damage you, or leave lasting whip marks, so we will also punish you internally, for instance by forcing a too large dildo inside you or coat you with painful ointments, applying electrical shocks -- anyway, just believe me when I tell you that you don�t want to let it get that far.�



Donna shrugged as she learned about her alternate punishments. Would they really shock her?



�And of course, we�ll punish you financially, psychologically, and even worse if we have to. You know where I�m hinting at.� Ninon said as Donna read through the list of punishments that could be applied. And she knew what Ninon was hinting at. If she really screwed up, they would go after her family. �I have to get them out of here somehow, away from me,� she thought.



�So it is best to follow the rules at all times, collect proof of it, supply your proof to us in the ways we accept it, and you�ll be off the hook. If not, just make sure you undergo the punishment. As you read right now, we strongly recommend you come up with your own punishment for your deeds. If you wait until we sentence you, you can be sure it will be much more and harder.�



Donna thought hard about this �Mrs. Bondain..� she asked politely



�Yes Donna?� Ninon said in friendly way.&nbsp; She obviously was satisfied Donna was so timid, so under the spell of it all, not at all rebellious.



�If.. how� the level of punishment, the amount of lashes, how will I know how much to ask for?�&nbsp;&nbsp; 



�Hmmm, � Ninon said thinking.&nbsp; �Let�s just say that you will have to find out by trial and error. If you ask too much, you either will be sore for weeks or we even might change the penalty to something else, like something financial, or something electrical. Just to make it something that we think is bearable for you. If we find the punishment too light, we take over and things will be worse for you.�



Donna fell silent as she thought about it. Another new problem in her life; if she didn�t follow the rules because for instance her family would never understand, she would have to agree, � no, she would have to devise her own punishment to satisfy Ms. Brendan. 



�Okay, now the only place where just the general rules apply is work. We don�t want to get you fired due to misbehavior although you�ll be a lot sexier and close to what is unacceptable,� Ninon explained. �That is why most of the parts are divided into sections detailing rules when at home, when going out, and when at work.&nbsp; Ms Brendan is more than pleased with your work up to now so she has given you more freedom for that part of your life.�



�Well, at least that is something,� Donna thought sarcastically 



 �Ok, now let�s go through the dress rules in more detail as we have to work through your wardrobe later. Let�s start at the bottom. Shoes, from now on only 4-5 inch heels or higher. The models, brands, styles that you are allowed to wear are listed. You may not deviate from this unless with explicit permission, and then only if the shoe is whorish enough.�



�As for boots, only latex is allowed, and they have to end above the knee. Other boots are just not really to Ms. Brendan�s taste, and therefore not allowed.&nbsp; Again, you may deviate if you can prove it to be necessary.�&nbsp; Donna thought about the few boots she had, and if Ninon also included the winter boots. She really liked that pair.



�Going up we have stockings, socks. With respect to socks they must be long, ending above the knee, no more sport socks or the like.�



I will freeze my feet of that way, Donna thought, With those open porn shoes, just wearing stockings.



�Stockings the same thing,� Ninon went on as the detailed rules passed by.&nbsp; 



In links, they even pictures to explain the idea. The links were all to porn stars. And the majority of them were brunettes just like Donna. They even looked a bit like her, if somewhat younger.&nbsp; Donna understood they wanted her to look like these porn stars. They had linked her to those pictures so she not only would know what to buy and wear, but also how she had to look overall.&nbsp; Now, she would have to mimic whores in public.



�Garter belts are allowed. Fishnet stockings too, those are even preferred, the bigger the net size, the better. At all times underwear is forbidden unless we explicitly tell you to wear something. If you have to wear underwear for some reason, it has to be a string, a microstring and the like. Anything else won�t do.�



�Shorts only when extremely short, showing a large part of ass, and they must be tight.&nbsp; Cameltoes are expected.&nbsp; No more of those baggy things that you were used to.� 



�Tee-shirts only when tight and cut high, preferably showing a part of the breast.&nbsp; Blouses same thing, tight, short.&nbsp; Tops are preferred, must be tight and sexy.&nbsp; Dresses, only those showing a lot of cleavage. They must be thin, preferably see through, and erotic.�



�Well that leaves of course the real erotic clothing, like corsets and so on. They are allowed, needless to say. Actually corsets are a nice way to shape your body.�&nbsp; 



Donna read down through all the rules and linked her way to a few pictures as well.&nbsp; She got the idea quickly and knew her wardrobe was in for a big change. �I have almost nothing old that will pass these rules,� Donna conceded.



�Again, we do allow you to wear business clothing but as per the general rules, there must be at least one visible erotic item on you. Like a blouse that is tight and thin, showing your nipples, stockings ending just above the skirt, so the onlooker sees the garter belts when you walk, a partly visible corset, you get the picture.� 



�That�s the end of it.&nbsp; Now, you�re going to fetch us some drinks, Coke or something like that for me.&nbsp; I will go to your room to start removing unwanted clothing.&nbsp; You will join me with the drinks and help me.&nbsp; Bring some garbage bags with you when you come up.�



�Okay, � Mrs. Bondain.� Donna said, still getting used to not calling her Ninon.&nbsp; She got up and walked downstairs as Ninon went into her bedroom.



�All these rules � ,� Donna wondered, �I can�t possibly learn them all and they know it. I�ll have to guess at times what to do, what to wear, and hope I satisfy to their demands.�



She poured drinks in the kitchen for each of them.&nbsp; �That�s really what they want.&nbsp; Me guessing, confused at what they�ll accept.&nbsp; I�ll have to overdo it for safety.&nbsp; Or I�ll unknowingly break the rules, I�ll have to admit it and humbly supply a punishment for myself. Either way it is too sick for words.�



As she walked up to her room, she thought of Vivian again.&nbsp; �The threat to my family is still too big right now.&nbsp; I�ll have to go along for now.&nbsp; And they know I have to.&nbsp; Ms Brendan knows��



When she entered the room, her own bedroom, there was already a pile of clothes on her bed, clothing that had to go.&nbsp; �Ah, there you are,� Ninon said as she stood up from the drawer she was going through. 



�You take over from here. First, fill the bags with the clothing on the bed; next, go through the drawers.&nbsp; I have seen you can throw basically everything away apart from the business clothing.�



She took a large sip from the Coke, and sat down on a chair.&nbsp; �If something is okay,

I�ll say so.�



Donna stood speechless staring at the pile of clothing.&nbsp; She saw her favorite sweater, her blouse she got for her birthday from Trixy, and she just froze.&nbsp; �This is too much,� she thought as reality hit her. �They really want me to remove everything?!&nbsp; What will I wear tomorrow?&nbsp; Or in the weekend?�&nbsp; Ninon saw Donna�s panicked look.&nbsp; She stood up and walked over to her with a friendly smile. 



When she was close to Donna, Ninon looked her in the eye, and Donna looked back, submissively, begging her to stop this. Next thing Donna knew, she had received two very hard slaps to her face.



�Oouch!� Donna replied, feeling betrayed. �Why did you do that?�&nbsp; Ninon just slapped her two more times.



�Obey the rules, Donna!� she said sternly, followed by two more slaps.&nbsp; Donna stepped back as she felt her burning cheeks with one hand, holding up the other in surrender. �Okay, okay,� she shouted.&nbsp; �Okay, Mrs. Bondain,� she quickly added as she saw Ninon stepping forward to hit her again. 



�Now will you follow the rules,� Ninon asked, still threatening to slap her again.



�Yes, yes, Mrs. Bondain!� Donna replied as she braced herself for another hit.



�Okay, start working on the pile and be quick about it,� Ninon said as she let her hand fall and walked back to her chair.



Donna stood still for a moment as she felt her cheeks burn. She looked miserably at Ninon walking away from her and sighed. �I don�t have a choice,� she thought as tears of frustration welled up in her eyes. Donna fought not to cry; she didn�t want to give Ninon that pleasure. Donna understood that Ninon meant business and that if she didn�t pack her own clothing, throw out all that she had collected, Ninon would be even harsher.&nbsp; Donna had no good option. 



Donna started to pack her clothes, which were thrown carelessly on the bed, into the trash bags. She did her best not to look at what she was throwing away.&nbsp; It would only make her cry. �Why am I so weak,� she cursed herself. �Why is this happening to me?�



Donna told herself to bide her time and just go along as she did always, and had to for now. Thus, all the clothing on her bed ended up in three large bags, under Ninon�s watchful eyes



�Great, now go through all the other drawers, and the closets. Do you have any more clothing in other places?�&nbsp; 



�Maybe by the washing machine, � Mrs. Bondain,� Donna answered. 



�Okay, we�ll check there too, later,� Ninon said as she signaled her to continue.&nbsp; Donna, like a puppet, walked to her drawers and went through them.&nbsp; For a moment, she thought to ask Ninon not to force her to do this but one look into her eyes and Donna knew it would be useless to beg.&nbsp; Instead, Donna emptied every drawer and every closet that held her things during the next half-hour.&nbsp; Donna noticed Ninon didn�t help, she just sat and gave instructions, which was basically �on the bed.�&nbsp; When she was finished, a new huge pile of clothing was on the bed.&nbsp; In her drawers, there were a few thongs; most of them recently bought; plus a few shorts, also given to her by Ms. Brendan. In the closet, her new business suits were all that were left from her collection, together with two or three evening dresses, one of which was the one she had to wear on her first weekend with Ms. Brendan. Her fine collection of clothing had all but disappeared.



�What�s in the boxes up there?� Ninon asked.&nbsp; Donna looked up and saw the boxes filled with old clothing she and Robert specially put aside some time ago.



�Hmm, clothing, old clothing we saved� Donna added, �..Mrs. Bondain.� She saw Ninon thinking and added quickly.&nbsp; �We� these clothes have special meaning, we don�t wear them anymore, it is just to remember our past, like a sweater from our university, my prom dress�my wedding dress.�



�Let me see them.� Ninon said.&nbsp; Donna eagerly complied.&nbsp; She definitely did not want those boxes to be thrown away. Not her wedding dress, her baby dress.&nbsp; She showed everything to Ninon, explaining why she wanted to keep them. She ended up begging on her knees, in sheer desperation.



�Get up, Donna,� Ninon said. �Big girls don�t beg.�



Donna complied and hoped that her show of submission had helped.



�We will let you keep the university sweater, the prom dress, the wedding dress, and all other items you wore from up to 16, the rest has to go.�



�But��



�No �buts,� or everything goes,� Ninon said.&nbsp; �You just do as your told, or else �,�

Ninon added, a mean streak in her voice.



The exhausted Donna gave up, again. �At least I saved some dresses,� she told herself as she placed her wedding dress back in its box.&nbsp; But no doubt, they have some sinister plan to use these clothes against me.&nbsp; Donna forced herself not to think about it, although it was obvious. It made her wish she had just thrown everything away.



In the next hour, the house was cleared of all her clothing. Only a short fur coat was hanging downstairs, plus a long raincoat, which she could only use for work. 



Her shoes also were almost all gone, leaving just the high-heeled ones, the only ones she had used lately. Heartbroken, she had thrown away all the beautiful shoes she had collected over the years.&nbsp; Some really pretty ones but the moment the heel was too short, even begging to keep it for a theme didn�t work.&nbsp; They all had to go, even the winter boots she loved so much.&nbsp; �Ms. Brendan hates that type of boots.�



Nine huge bags were carried outside to the garbage bins. She even used her neighbors� bins to get rid of all the bags. As she walked back into the house, she was cold, tired, and wanted to sleep. She felt drained and lost. It was as if she had been throwing away her life. Ninon saw her walking in and smiled at her �Why so down, Donna?� she said cheerfully �You�ve done a great job, and should be proud.�



�I�m sorry�N..Mrs. Bondain, Donna replied. �I think I�m just too tired now.�&nbsp;&nbsp; She hoped Ninon would show mercy and let her go to bed.



�Ok, let�s go to bed then.�&nbsp; Clearly, Ninon meant together.



That wasn�t what Donna wanted but she nodded, and followed Ninon up the stairs after she had closed the house for the night and turned off the lights.













No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the author.



Copyright 2006 by Bokkey.



Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com





Punished



As she had been trained, Donna first went to her room to prepare herself.&nbsp; She undressed and showered quickly, then used a lubricated dildo to scratch the ever-present itch in her pussy and ass.&nbsp; Next, she sat down to apply make up, a lot of make up this time to cover up her sleepy face.&nbsp; It had been a long day for her -- much too long.



When she looked at the result of her quick make over, Donna was satisfied.&nbsp; The thick black eyeliner, mascara and the red eye-shadow hid her sleepy eyes, and the panstik on her face with the red rouge on her cheeks even gave her a fresh, awake look.&nbsp; As if she were almost blushing.&nbsp; Donna had used gel in her hair to get it to look fresh and wild, to complete her hot, horny and ready to go image.&nbsp; The oil on her deeply tanned skin did the rest.&nbsp;&nbsp; She slipped into a see-through, short white robe.&nbsp; Donna recalled the �no underwear� rule and she left what she had on at that.&nbsp; She looked at herself in the mirror, posed a bit, and thought she looked okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; When she entered the guest room, Ninon was waiting for her, a whip and an old dog chain in her hand.



�Okay, I want to start to practice the new rules that you have been given," Ninon said, "and a chain will be necessary in coaching you.�&nbsp; 



Donna sighed and stood in front of the closed door not knowing what she was supposed to do. Before, she would have walked over to Ninon, fallen to her knees and licked her to an orgasm while she masturbated to several of her own as well.&nbsp; But now, it was clear that she was obviously in for something new. 



Ninon smiled as she looked with pity at Donna. �Oh yes, you haven�t read the new rules yet, have you?�&nbsp; Donna didn�t understand what Ninon meant, and just stood still, awaiting further instructions.&nbsp; Ninon walked over to Donna to inspect her from nearby.&nbsp; 

�Make up is okay. You�re getting better at it,� Ninon said as she inspected Donna�s face.&nbsp; She took a step back and glanced at Donna's entire body.&nbsp; �The pose must be more confident,� Ninon criticized.&nbsp; �Stand like a model.&nbsp; One foot flat; the other, on its toes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Arms straight down.&nbsp; And a smile on your face.&nbsp; Breasts pushed up and out.�



Donna complied.&nbsp; 



�Ok, now let me look at you��&nbsp; Ninon inspected Donna a second time.&nbsp; �Turn around,� she ordered.&nbsp; Donna began to feel just as she had when she had been inspected at Ms. Brendan�s house.&nbsp; She turned slowly, smiling, showing of her body as best as she could.&nbsp; �That, you can do better. Again, and wiggle your hips more.&nbsp; Take slow, small confident steps, and look at me as much as you can.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't want to see you staring off somewhere at the wall.&nbsp; Move your arms with more confidence.&nbsp; Do not let them hang like dead weight.�



Again Donna complied. She turned as she swayed her hips in short arcs, side to side, letting her arms move easily, looking seductively at Ninon.



�That�s better,� Ninon said. �Now this is how you present yourself from now on.&nbsp; You have to seduce whoever is looking at you, the person you will have sex with, whether you know the person or not."&nbsp; Ninon began to give more instructions.&nbsp; "First, you hold the pose for a few seconds, then turn showing off your entire body, and at last come back to your pose again and hold it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your customer must have a clear and total view of what she or he bought. You need to invite him or her to use your body anyway they see fit.�



�Okay, now it's time for a critique.&nbsp; You are much too decent.� Ninon pulled the white robe aside with the whip, revealing a naked breast. �For instance, you forgot to apply make up to your nipples and rub them until they were stiff.&nbsp; Your nipples must always be erect.&nbsp; Rock hard.�



�You have to really show how much you love having sex.&nbsp; Dirty sex.&nbsp; You are going to present yourself to each of your customers exactly for the kind of sex that each one wants. It will be difficult to know at first, but as you get repeat customers, you�ll find out their preferences and remember them.&nbsp; Or you'll find out when they call you. Soon, you'll have a regular catalogue of sexual turn-ons.�&nbsp;&nbsp; The whip caressed Donna's breasts and then drifted down to her belly piercing.&nbsp; After Ninon silently played a bit with the short glittering chain that dangled there, she traced the whip across Donna's dark skin until the tip slid between Donna�s nether lips.



�Next time, this must be wet, much more then it is now.&nbsp; The wetness should be visible from a distance, maybe even have it dripping down your thigh. But that depends on what your customer wants, of course.&nbsp; For that matter, I've already taught you some of the things that Ms. Brendan wants to hear, wants you to do, and I will be teaching you new things that she likes.&nbsp; You're going to become an expert in lots of new and disgusting acts, nasty new ways to satisfy your clientele, new ways to advertise what a slut you are.&nbsp; From now on, you say exactly what the person in front of you wants to hear and you will make it believable.&nbsp; Understood?�



�Yes, N� Mrs. Bondain,� Donna was uneasy; she didn�t know what would come next and feared for the worst.&nbsp; Ninon's tone of voice was threatening.



�Ok, now for something new.� Ninon held the chain up for Donna to see. "Let's teach you how to walk on a leash.� Ninon wrapped the old dog chain around her neck. Donna felt awkward, but stood still.&nbsp; The chain was cold and reeked of unwashed dog smell.&nbsp; It wasn�t like the fetish pictures or movies that Donna had been ordered to watch where the chain was clean and shiny.&nbsp; This was just a cheap dog chain for sale in any pet store, and a used one at that.&nbsp; How this could this ever be erotic?



Ninon stepped back and looked at the setting in front of her, holding the chain. 

Ninon nodded: �Okay. Now let�s walk.�&nbsp; She tugged at the chain, forcing Donna to step forward.&nbsp; Ninon moved towards the bed, and&nbsp; Donna meekly followed, the chain dangling between them.



�There!&nbsp; That was easy, wasn't it?� Ninon smiled, as they reached the bed.



�Yes, Mrs. Bondain.�&nbsp; Actually it was kind of ridiculous. They had barely gone 10 feet.



�Now when I do this�,� Ninon pulled the chain down a bit, ��you kneel.�&nbsp; Donna knelt in front of Ninon.&nbsp; �And with this,� Ninon gave the chain a sharp pull up, �� you stand.�&nbsp; Donna quickly stood again and fell back into her approved pose. 



�Good.�&nbsp; Ninon nodded her approval. �You're get the picture. Now let�s do a bit of walking and kneeling.�&nbsp; For the next ten minutes, a weary Donna was paraded about the room, repeatedly forced to kneel and get back up at the pull of her chain.&nbsp; She felt odd as she did so.&nbsp; Ninon complimented her on her prompt reactions as if it were a difficult exercise that she was performing.&nbsp; But it wasn�t, it was just weird, very weird.&nbsp; She felt treated like a little child, the way she was made to walk, kneel, get up, and walk again. One or two times would have been enough to learn the simple routine but Ninon drilled the exercise long after it had become boring.&nbsp; Donna knew better than to let that show.&nbsp; She just parade through the room, walking neatly after Ninon, and kneeling with a smile at the slightest tug.&nbsp; The dirty chain, its smell, if there was an erotic side to it all, Donna couldn't see it.&nbsp; They finally ended back at the foot of the bed where Ninon hooked the chain to a post. 



�Stay,� Ninon instructed and walked to the drawers in the corner.



�Yes, Mrs. Bondain,� Donna answered and stayed in her pose. 



She watched as Ninon went through a drawer, and return with a handful of leather straps. When she stood before the humble Donna she smiled friendly and laid the straps on the bed.&nbsp; Next she slowly caressed Donna's body again with the whip. Donna could feel the whip's end on her cheek, going down her neck, on her breasts, touching, rubbing her nipples.&nbsp; She felt uncomfortable. Donna knew Ninon wouldn�t hit her for fear of leaving marks but still�



The whip glided down over her belly, which this time involuntarily shivered at the strange caress.&nbsp; It made Ninon smile and Donna, just a bit embarrassed.&nbsp; The whip came back to her belly button again, down across the front of her hips, just above her pubic region. Ninon played a bit with her sensitivity, she understood.&nbsp; She was testing where Donna was still sensitive to touch.&nbsp; From the front side of Donna's hips, the whip went down the outside of her left thigh and back up on the inside, ending once again at her vagina, or better, inside it. 



�Spread your lips.&nbsp; Show me if you�re wet.� Ninon rested the black leather tip just below Donna's clit.&nbsp; Donna spread her legs a bit and pulled her outer lips widely apart with her hands, separating her inner lips too, revealing her pink inner flesh.&nbsp; Donna couldn't help it; she was indeed reacting to the way the whip's gentle strokes. It aroused her, as did the pressure of the leather tip so close to her clit.



SWAP!



�Oooooouch!!!!� Donna screamed as she collapsed into a fetal position. �Aaaaah!!� she screamed again as she held her vagina and rolled on the floor in agony.&nbsp; It burned!



�That is for disobeying the rules, little bitch,� Ninon said coldly, inspecting the whip that she had just used to hit Donna directly on her most tender flesh.&nbsp; Donna didn�t hear what Ninon had said, still writhing in pain.&nbsp; Both her hands were clutched tightly to her crotch.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had been hit right on the terribly sensitive flesh inside her inner lips.&nbsp; The pain was intense, even more so because it had been so unexpected.



�Enough of that,� Ninon chided after a moment.&nbsp; By then, Donna had settled into a soft whimper, still in a fetal pose, rubbing her wounded pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp; �Get up.�&nbsp; Donna struggled onto her feet, tenderly rubbing her sore vagina and moaning from the pain. 



�I can�t whip your skin because you have a special skin treatment scheduled for tomorrow.&nbsp; But the inside of your pussy is just fine, and hurts even more."&nbsp; Ninon snickered.&nbsp; "Now first you thank me for correcting you.&nbsp; You must always say "thank you" after a punishment; don�t ever forget that.�



Donna grimaced and managed to mumble a quiet �Thank you, Mrs. Bondain.�



�Okay, it�s a start.� Ninon nodded her approval. �You are still in training, so you still need to train on proper responses to everything.�&nbsp; Ninon took both ends of the whip in her hands and flexed it into a bow.&nbsp; �Stand erect and spread your cunt as wide as you can.&nbsp; I'm going to whip you again.�



Donna hesitated.&nbsp; The pain had been too much.&nbsp; She had no intension of spreading her pussy open just so that Ninon could torture her. It was just too much.&nbsp; Ninon saw her hesitation and smiled and shook her head. �Why so stubborn?&nbsp; In the end, somehow you'll do as I say.&nbsp; Either after threats or after being tied up.&nbsp; Either way, I promise I will only whip you more.&nbsp; Now do it!,� Ninon pointed at Donna�s vagina.



Donna looked at Ninon with tears in her eyes �Please�� she begged.&nbsp; Ninon looked at her silently.&nbsp;&nbsp; �Please no more, Mrs. Bondain," Donna pleaded, encouraged by Ninon�s silence.&nbsp; �The pain is too much� I beg you��



�Begging,� Ninon replied curtly, �is something that you do on your knees��&nbsp; At this, Donna quickly fell to her knees.&nbsp; �� and second, you gave me no alternative punishment.&nbsp; You do agree you have to be punished, don't you?�&nbsp; Donna was lost for words for a moment. She looked up at Ninon and wondered what alternative punishment she might propose. 



�Silent too long.&nbsp; Get up!� Ninon said after watching Donna try to think for a few seconds.



�No please�� Donna refused again.&nbsp; SLAP, SLAP.&nbsp; Hard slaps from Ninon�s right hand made Donna�s face snap and forth, right and left.&nbsp; It happened so fast that she was still caught up in her surprise when the attack was already over. The pain told her she had been slapped hard on her cheeks.

.

�Get - up�,� Ninon hissed. Donna felt the pain in her cheeks as if they were on fire but she quickly got up.&nbsp; Ninon had never hit her so brutally before.&nbsp; 

�You talk too much and do too little,� Ninon said. �You�re not showing proper respect, breaking the rules, failing to address people properly, and especially me.&nbsp; Spread your legs��&nbsp; Donna couldn�t bring herself to spread her legs, even though she knew it would only make matters worse.&nbsp; The pain had been so bad.



�Have it your way.�&nbsp; Ninon got the leather ropes from the bed and returned to face Donna.&nbsp; �Give me your hands,� she ordered.&nbsp; Donna had mustered what little courage she had and refused.&nbsp; �This is too sick.&nbsp; I need to stop it!�&nbsp; It was basic fear for the pain driving her to protest. 

�No!� she shouted.



Even before Donna finished, the whip came down hard, right on her face.&nbsp; In the next seconds, a stream of lashes came down on her as she cried out in pain and tried to protect herself against the whip.&nbsp; When Ninon finished, Donna was crouched on the floor on her knees and ass, hands above her head for protection, screaming from pain and fear. And that was exactly how Ninon wanted her.&nbsp; Within a split second, Ninon had strapped a leather rope around the raised hands, securing them tightly to one another.&nbsp; The other side of the rope was attached to a pulley above the bed.&nbsp; A remote started the tackle system, and Donna was roughly lifted up into the air.



�Installed this afternoon,� Ninon announced. �Together with the some other new items in the room.�&nbsp; Donna dangled in the air, too busy with her pain to listen.&nbsp; The whip had hit her face, her shoulder, her back, but mostly her arms.&nbsp; All of them burned.&nbsp; 



�I told you that you would learn more about S&amp;M; you just didn�t think it would be so soon, did you?� Ninon said as she grabbed a leg and fastened it with a leather strap to a hook in the floor.&nbsp; The other leg followed and Donna was immobile, her legs spread wide open.



�Just a little bit tighter�� Ninon said as she used the remote to lift Donna a bit more.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ninon inspected Donna who was recovering slowly from the pain of her most recent whipping.&nbsp; She looked at Donna's face, where the whip had left a nasty red strip. She inspected Donna's arms and her back, where a few lashes had landed too. She walked away to the drawers again, and grabbed a bottle of ointment.



�This will ease the pain, and hopefully get rid of the red welts before tomorrow.�&nbsp; Ninon rubbed the soothing gel on the Donna's injuries.&nbsp; �If not, well�, we will just have to punish you some more for it.&nbsp; After all, it was your disobedience which forced me to whip you.�&nbsp; When she was done with the ointment, Ninon stood once again in front of the moaning Donna.



�You've got yourself in quite a situation, haven�t you?� She lectured �Strung up in your own house, naked, spread, pussy bear. Ready for punishment��



�Please, Mrs. Bondain..� Donna tried to plead.



�Shhhh,� Ninon said as she placed a finger on the lips of Donna.&nbsp; �Too late for pleading now. You had your chance. Now just undergo your punishment.� Ninon went back to the drawer and picked up some clamps and a white thin rope. She went back to the sobbing Donna and felt up her pussy.



�Please Mrs. Bondain, �Please no�� Donna pleaded fearing the clamps and what was to come.



�It�s not wise to talk, that will just increase your punishment.� Ninon said as she inspected the lips. She pulled one outer lip out and applied a clamp.



�Nooo! Aaah! It hurts! Take it of please.. Mrs. Bondain, I�ll do anything you want!! Anythiiing!� Donna started to shout in pain. 



But Ninon ignored her pleas and applied another clamp to the other out lip. �It is not wise to talk my dear.� Ninon said again, as she expertly attached a piece of rope to one clamp, and swung the rope tightly around her upper legs, just below her ass. The other end was secured to the other clamp, and the rope was pulled tighter, causing her lips to be stretched outward, opening up her vagina, exposing her inner lips.&nbsp; Donna couldn�t stop shouting from the pain, and pleaded for Ninon to stop again and again, but to no avail.&nbsp; Instead Ninon showed her two smaller clamps 



�Guess where these go?� She said teasingly, looking Donna in the eye. Donna responded with another wail, and Ninon smiling pulled with two fingers on Donna�s left inner lip. �Let�s see how high you can scream, and test this soundproof room.� And with that the sharp clamp was attached to the sensitive labium. Donna indeed let out an ear piercing squeaking scream as the clamp sharp teeth dug inside the sensitive tissue. She was sure it went straight through!



�And squeal again.� Ninon said as she applied the other clamp, and Donna felt each teeth sink into her tender flesh again. She couldn�t help herself and screamed loudly, and twisted and bucked hard in her bondage. Ninon stepped back and watched her twist and turn and cry from the awful pain, a sick smile on her face. After a few minutes the pain somewhat subsided, or Donna�s pain level adjusted. Anyway Donna calmed down and hung in her bondage, panting hard, crying. The clamps still attached to her lips. When she looked down she saw the horrible clamps dig into her flesh. Even worse, the other lips were stretched outward, causing her inner lips to be stretched too. The small clamps on the inner lips therefore not only bit down in the inner flesh, but also pulled against the strain, causing even more pain.&nbsp; Ninon stepped up to her and caressed her face, and looked her in the eye.



�Are you ok?� she asked gently.



�No�no.. it hurts�� Donna answered with her eyes closed, hoping Ninon would stop her torture now. She even responded to the gentle hand caressing her face by swiping her head against it. All to stop the pain.



�The rules Donna, you are forgetting the rules.� Ninon said as she knelt down and inspected the clamps. 



�I�m sorry Mrs. Bondain, I�m sorry�� Donna corrected herself �Please forgive me, Mrs. Bondain, please stop torturing me Mrs. Bondain� Please Mrs. Bondain!!�



�Shhhh, don�t overdo it, that just gets me angry.� Ninon replied, as she tugged a bit at the clamps. �And how many times have I told you to be silent? You know it will increase the amount of whips you�ll be getting there.� 



Donna went silent immediately, as she moaned from the pain, especially when the small clamps on her inner lips were touched. She saw Ninon produce a rope, and as she cried new tears she saw the rope being attached to the small clamps in a similar was as with the outer clamps. This time the rope went above her ass cheeks. 



As Ninon slowly tightened the rope, thus stretching also her inner lips outward, she comforted Donna softly �You�re doing great. Just keep silent and endure this with some decency. You can do it.�



Donna just cried, as she felt the pain, and saw her lips open wide. She feared what was about to come, but knew that all she could do was to plead silently for mercy. Screaming out loud had no use, no one would hear her, and Ninon would just get angry, inflicting more pain on her. But the pain was awful, and consumed her whole body and mind. She flexed her body and rolled her head back in pain as the clamps with their sharp teeth stretched her lips. She never had felt such a pain, and the movement, position, her lips were forced into was unnatural. The outer lips stretch her flesh a bit downward, and now the inner lip-clamps pulled the already stretched skin upward. Even her clit was protesting as it felt the strain too due to its hood tightly pressing on it.&nbsp; But as time passed Donna managed to keep silent, even though it took all her will power not to scream.



Ninon had stepped back to admire her handy work. She waited a while until Donna calmed down and looked her in the eye again. Due to all the pain Donna was sweating, crying, and her make up was a mess already. Donna was breathing heavily through her snotty nose, drool had come from her mouth a bit. 



�Now, Donna, do I have your attention again?� Ninon finally asked with a smile. She was playing with the whip again, obviously to frighten Donna. And that worked. With big eyes moving between the whip and Ninon�s eyes Donna shook her head frantically in approval. Doing her best to be silent, biting her lips.



 �Don�t be so frightened, my dear.� Ninon said as she positioned herself closer to Donna. She again stretched her arms and caressed Donna�s wild hair, her left cheek. Donna smiled humbly, and even kissed the hand in a useless effort to please Ninon. To plead for mercy.



�Good, very good.� Ninon replied �Humbly, submissive. You know you have broken the rules today. You know you need to be punished, right?�



Donna pushed her head against Ninon�s open hand some more, and nodded. Fear of what was to come overwhelmed her, and she pathetically tried to please her torturer. 



�Let this be a lesson for you.� Ninon said �Never disobey the rules, and if you do, tell how you have to be punished. Be hard on yourself, else you will never learn, but remember, that is always better than the alternative. Now I will punish you, as you so unwisely decided, and that will cause you so much more anguish.�



Donna cried, and pleaded with her eyes for merci. But she nodded anyway, and braced herself for what she feared would come. She was surrendering.

A sudden sharp pain in her vagina followed, quickly followed by another one, and another, and another. Her world changed into one of pure raw pain as the whip merciless rained down a barrage of lashes on her stretched pussy. She vaguely saw the face of Ninon grimace with every whip. Donna felt her most tender flesh being abused. Her whole nether body burned from the pain, and Donna recalled she was screaming her heart out, but she couldn�t hear herself anymore. She just was out of control, her body just spasmed with every whip, bucking out of control, as she slowly drifted away. She fainted.&nbsp; 



When she woke up she was still hanging in the straps, and her vagina throbbed. She moaned softly as she felt her painful body. The straps had hurt her as she obviously had pulled hard on them, her throat felt soar from all the screaming. �How long have I been out?� She wondered as she looked down at her vagina. The clamps were still in place. She still felt them, though their pain was nothing compared to the pain she felt inside her vagina. She saw the teeth of the smaller clamps made her bleed, though not much. She lifted her head and looked around, and saw Ninon standing in front of her.



�Awake again?� Ninon said �Ready for some more?�



�No, please no, no more, please�� Donna whimpered as began to twist meekly in the bondage.



�You still have so much to learn!� Ninon said, and she hit her hard again between her legs. Donna screamed hoarsely, and tried in vain to move away from Ninon.



�Now let�s try that again,� Ninon said as she held the whip with both hands and looked down on the crying Donna �Ready for some more?�



Donna shook her head no, as she frantically tried to understand what it was she was supposed to do.&nbsp; �Please, mrs Bondain, please no.� she tried, hoping that adding the name would help her.



�It is too late to disagree.� Ninon explained, and with that she whipped the red and burning vagina of Donna some more. Donna screamed again, until she was out of it again.



When she woke up again Ninon was still there with the whip. She probably had been only gone for a few moments.&nbsp; 



 �You must be a bit harder on yourself. You faint way too easy.� Ninon said, mocking Donna. �Now tell me, ready for some more?�



�Yes! Yes!� Donna replied.



The whip landed on her soft tissue again and again. Donna didn�t faint but screamed her head off from the pain. 



�Please mrs Bondain, no more, please mrs Bondain, no more!!� She said when Ninon was finished. Donna had slumped in the ropes, head down, defeated.



�Not what you should say, my dear.� Ninon kept on correcting her.



�Please mrs Bondain, anything, anything you want.� Donna said desperately. She really couldn�t think of what Ninon wanted her to say, she just wanted the pain, the awful pain to stop.



�I want you to stand up and push that pussy of yours out, and tell me you�re ready for the punishment.� Ninon instructed.&nbsp; Donna lifted her head. She wished Ninon wasn�t serious, but when her eyes met Ninon�s she knew she was. She hung her head back and breathed deeply.&nbsp; �Don�t think, just do it, she will whip you, but she will whip you more if you don�t.�&nbsp; She repeated it to herself over and over again, as she slowly raised her body as much as the bondage allowed, and pushed her hips forward. She saw Ninon approved with a small devious smile. It encouraged her for the next step.&nbsp; After some more deep breaths, and blocking out all thoughts, she finally could say what she was told to say.



�I � am ready for punishment, .. Mrs Bondain.� She said with her eyes closed.&nbsp; She stiffened as she expected the whip to come down on her immediately.



�Look at me when you say that Donna.� Ninon said as she carelessly swung the whip through the air.&nbsp; 



Donna opened her eyes, looked with fright at the movement of the whip, and quickly locked her eyes on Ninon�s.&nbsp; �I am ready for my punishment, Mrs Bondain.�&nbsp; She said, trying to sound as sincere as possible, her voice trembling. She bit her lip as she prepared herself for the whip again. Tears sprung in her eyes.



�And you agree you deserve to be punished?� Ninon asked, as she looked herself at the swinging the whip. She obviously enjoyed tormenting Donna, bringing her down, making her beg.



�Y-yes, Mrs Bondain, I deserve this punishment.� Donna said, looking her in the eye. The humiliation she felt, the cowardly betrayal as she submitted just to avoid the painful slashes was overwhelming. But she couldn�t bear any more, she was defeated.



�And why?� tormented Ninon Donna further.



�Just get it over with!� Donna thought as she felt humiliated to the bone.&nbsp; She knew Ninon was abusing her, destroying her self-esteem deliberately.&nbsp; Forcing Donna to degrade herself.&nbsp; And she had to admit she was truly submitting, mindlessly.&nbsp; �I've never felt like this, degraded into a helplessly begging plaything.&nbsp; I know that right now Ninon can make me do anything.�&nbsp;&nbsp; The pain she felt from her vagina reminded her not to try anything other than what Ninon wanted.&nbsp; Donna sighed and answered the question.



�Because� because I didn�t follow the rules correctly.&nbsp; Because I didn�t go to the gym, ... didn�t apply make up to my nipples,� Donna summed her failures up.&nbsp; She realized she was holding her&nbsp; breath, waiting to see if Ninon would whip her.&nbsp; 



Ninon stared back at her for a few silent moments.&nbsp; �There is one more thing you didn�t do; something I want you to say out loud,� Ninon said.



�It has to do with this whip.� She gave a hint.



Donna looked at the whip, and tried to think what she meant.



�Because I didn�t asked to be punished, Mrs. Bondain. Because I didn�t offer a punishment for myself.�&nbsp; Donna added quickly, her eyes questioning Ninon. Did she get it right?&nbsp; Involuntarily, she prepared herself to be lashed on the pussy another time.



�Great!� Ninon said, and she even gave a brief applause.&nbsp; Donna gave a short nervous smile, as she thought she was expected to do. At least, she had begun to understand how she was being made to respond, which was a first step into dealing with her new situation.



Ninon moved towards her and Donna braced herself for what was to come, closed her eyes, and stiffened her whole body.&nbsp; Surprised, Donna began to shift as Ninon loosened the strap around her wrists from the ring above, making her fall backwards on the bed.&nbsp; As her ass hit the bed, the ropes that ran around her hips were tugged on, making her scream in more pain again when the clamps pulled at her already stretched lips.&nbsp; But the pain was far less than the lashing had been.&nbsp; 

While Donna tried to cope with her pain, Ninon untied her legs.&nbsp; Donna used her bound hands to softly massage her vagina, and to ease the ropes back in their position and relieve the clamps savage bite.&nbsp; Every touch of her pussy hurt her.&nbsp; The tissue had been beaten raw and was hyper-sensitive.&nbsp; She carefully inspected the area, and checked to see if she was bleeding.&nbsp;&nbsp; The wetness on her hand wasn�t blood, which relieved her somewhat, though she suspected she did have some small wounds there.&nbsp; Donna was also happy her torment seemed to be over.&nbsp; Submitting to Ninon�s wishes without question had been her best option indeed.



�Now here is what we�ll do.� Ninon said as she walked around the bed and climbed on it. �You will gently masturbate yourself to an orgasm while you lick me to a shattering one.� She crawled up to Donna�s face, undid her panty and threw it aside. She positioned herself spread and on her knees above the face of Donna. 



�Let�s go.� 



And with that Ninon lowered herself on Donna�s face.&nbsp; Donna tried to comply, but her first serious touch to her bruised nether region inflicted a jolt of pain. And as she tried again, the pain didn�t get any less. Donna knew her problems were mounting and getting worse. How could she masturbate if she could barely touch herself? 



Donna felt carefully with gentle fingers the area around her vagina to find where she might touch herself without inflicting more agony.&nbsp; She pushed the hood over her clitoris and pushed it gently down, trying to influence her clit with it but it was no use.&nbsp; Pain had dulled her clit and when she pushed harder, or went lower, the pain became unbearable.&nbsp; Meanwhile Ninon covered Donna's face with her vagina.&nbsp; Donna decided it was best to start servicing Ninon and lick.&nbsp; She knew from experience Ninon always took a long, long time before she would come, so Donna was going to be busy tending to Ninon's needs for a while.&nbsp; Maybe in time her own vagina would ease down.&nbsp; Getting herself off fast would be the least of her problems. Donna softly kissed Ninon�s vagina, pushed out her tongue to touch the lips, starting the job at hand.&nbsp; At least Donna could do that with no problem.&nbsp; By now, Donna was an expert when it came to Ninon�s pussy.&nbsp; She strolled with her tongue around Ninon's curly flesh, making it wet.&nbsp; Donna ended at the top, where she had to stretch her tongue to play with the ring that ran through the&nbsp; hood of Ninon's clit, stimulating her clitoris only indirectly.&nbsp; Ninon wasn�t really helping.&nbsp; She didn�t roll her hips, just hovered above Donna�s face. Her clit was out of reach for now.&nbsp; Next it was down again, right in her mouth, following the same path.&nbsp; Only this time Donna pushed her tongue as far as she could inside Ninon's vagina.&nbsp; Feeling, tasting if it was already producing its own wetness.&nbsp; But it was too early for that as Donna had come to learn from hard experience. Donna moved down and&nbsp; made sure she worked her tongue on the area between pussy and asshole. Alternating her tongue to enter first Ninon's vagina and then her asshole, and then all over again.&nbsp; 



The problem was that her hands were tied and she couldn�t use her hands to separate Ninon�s ass cheeks for better access.&nbsp; Her tongue ended up searching its way to the unseen hole.&nbsp; Donna did manage to find it.&nbsp; Up again, she gently bit the fleshy labia repeatedly, followed by a gentle stroke with her tongue.&nbsp; She made sure she switched between the lips, so both of the inner lips were treated equally.&nbsp; Ending by the clitoris again, she wiggled the ring as fast as she could with the tip of her tongue, that still being all she could do. 



�I don�t see you touching yourself.� Donna heard Ninon say above her. 



Donna heard the whiz of the whip through the air and knew she would be whipped if she didn�t follow up on the instruction immediately.&nbsp; She had held her hand between her legs, hoping she could fool Ninon.&nbsp; She couldn�t.&nbsp; She braced herself and forced the tip of her finger to touch her battered clit, or better, the clit hood.&nbsp; The pain made her squirm, and any touch made her want to cry out.&nbsp; She forced herself to touch her clit again and again, making her moan from the pain. The clamps had stretched the hood tightly over her clit, and the lashes had made it all super-sensitive and painful. 



�I don�t feel you licking me.� Ninon warned her.&nbsp; Reminded, Donna forced herself to start licking again, and her tongue reached for the labia dangling above her.&nbsp; 



�And now I don�t see you masturbating,� Ninon criticized...&nbsp; Donna braced herself again as she touched her own vagina again.&nbsp; She had to find a place she could touch that didn�t distract her too much so that she could pay more attention to muff driving.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donna carefully, with much pain, readjusted the ropes so that her clit would be free because the the hood wouldn�t be stretched so much.&nbsp; As the waves of pain hit her, Donna forced her head up to scream inside Ninon�s vagina.&nbsp; That way she stayed busy eating pussy in a way, and muffled her embarrassing squeals of distress.&nbsp; When the pressure on her clit subsided, she gently touched the sore spot.&nbsp; She was relieved when there was not all that much pain.&nbsp; The new way in which the ropes had been tied was added torture enough. The rope pulling the clamps of her inner lips in opposite directions stretched them now even more, be it somewhat more in the same direction as the ones on the outer lips.&nbsp;&nbsp; This made her pain focus on just her stretched inner pussy lips instead of the pull in different directions.



At least now Donna had a spot she could stimulate without pain.&nbsp; Donna could obey Ninon and do what she had been told to do, licking Ninon and masturbating herself at the same time.&nbsp; It was still difficult as she soon found out.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her clit hood was supersensitive and she could only touch her clit with her fingertips and then only very lightly. Avoiding the hood. With all the distractions, Donna felt lucky when her juices started to flow right away.&nbsp; Her pussy juice had already started to seep out in response to the pain.&nbsp; But this seemed different.&nbsp; Her vagina was producing these juices; it seemed to Donna, as a kind of Pavlov reaction to the very idea that she wanted to masturbate, even when she could barely stand to touch herself.&nbsp; Donna noticed that her automatic arousal softened the pain a bit just as she had hoped.&nbsp;&nbsp; Touching anything else was still impossible. The clamps made themselves noticed as she moved her hips and the rope cut into her skin between the bed and her ass. 



Donna had to raise her hips constantly into the air, which was putting a strain on her tired legs, especially on her thighs, as her feet were on the ground in front of the bed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her tied hands unfortunately couldn�t caress her breasts and clit at the same time.&nbsp; Faced with a choice, Donna plunged her fingers into her vagina.&nbsp; She tried constantly to force a second hand to enter her vagina for more needed excitement but the tender flesh still complained, no matter how much juices flowed.&nbsp;&nbsp; All she had to go on was tapping her clit as fast as possible, which she did alternating between her fingers, and hands. 



At the same time, Donna was having difficulty in keeping her attention on all she had to do. The pain was one thing which interfered with her thoughts whenever the clamps or her fingers created a jolt of pain after she made a �wrong� move.&nbsp; That was very bad because it made her loose her arousal.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donna would have to start over again, tapping her clit again, thinking up another sexy fantasy.&nbsp; She used Robert as her fantasy stud but Ninon's orders repeatedly brought her back to her humiliating situation, distracting her.&nbsp; Getting and staying aroused was becoming even more difficult.&nbsp; It took all of Donna's will power to focus on sex, sex with Robert, eventually just sex for its own sake.



Another disturbance was the caressing of the whip.&nbsp; It frightened her so much. Ninon let the whip glide at times alongside Donna's inner thighs, across her hips, teasing her nipples. She felt her body shiver almost everywhere the whip passed.&nbsp; She had never experienced anything like it.&nbsp; If the whip touched her inner thigh, that part reacted immediately with rapid muscle contractions, and it was the same with her belly, her nipples became harder the moment the whip touched them gently.&nbsp; It was as if her body had a physical reaction all of its own to the whip.&nbsp; The feeling was odd, not really sexual.&nbsp; It was more pure animal fright, a kind of fear she only had felt when she had been very young.&nbsp; The pure fear of something scary and awful, something that could not be avoided and from which there was no escape, something unbeatable. She was surprised she felt such fear, surprised how it took over as the whip touched her. 



Donna did manage every time to get back to the job at hand, no matter how frightened she was. Ninon didn�t use the whip on her anymore, except the gentle touching, fondling of her body parts. This made her eventually relax just enough to focus on her masturbation and licking, and getting results. Donna also forced herself to keep tip-tapping on her clit, no matter what happened. She found out that was the fastest way to get back into it again.&nbsp; 

Quickly, her body would move beyond the pain. Once she had her mind locked tightly on sex again, Donna was ready to please Ninon and herself again. She used her free hand to very softly caress inside her pussy, first spreading the flood of lubrication so that everywhere was wet.&nbsp; Next, she softly touched everywhere, searching for places where it was painless...&nbsp; It took patience but soon her now expert fingers found spots in her bruised pussy that allowed her touch.&nbsp; Donna started slowly to work on entering her vagina without pain.&nbsp; She wanted a few fingers inside for extra stimulation and she knew that part was not in pain. Couldn�t be. 



Meanwhile, Ninon�s pussy, hovering above her, had finally begun to react, and she noticed from Ninon�s increasingly urgent hip movements, and the tone of her voice, she was getting aroused. Finally!&nbsp; Donna was now encouraged to speed up her licking, her nibbling on Ninon�s labia.&nbsp; Donna focused now more on her clit, with its ring right through the hood, and the region all around it.&nbsp; Ninon now pushed her clit frequently into Donna's face and sometimes right into her mouth as she grinded slowly.&nbsp; Donna used those moments to push her flat upper tongue on the clit hood, making sure the cold gold ring was forced to roll over her clit. Or she used the tip of her tongue to play with Ninon's clit hood, pushing it aside, revealing the stiff clit itself, which she then expertly licked, teased with the tip of her tongue.&nbsp; At times Ninon moved forward; she shoved her tongue deep inside Ninon�s vagina. She disliked this the most as it was at these times she really tasted Ninon�s juices, when the slimy substance covered her tongue, and, as Ninon got more excited, even Donna's lips, her chin. Also it forced Donna's nose to push against Ninon�s asshole through her ass cheeks, which was just disgusting.&nbsp; As Ninon became more and more aroused, she rolled her hips over Donna�s face and forced Donna to kiss and lick her asshole directly.&nbsp; Donna used a lot of spit on her tongue to make sure she didn�t really taste it, though that was almost impossible.&nbsp; Sometimes her tongue was forced right into it.&nbsp; When that happened, Ninon made sure Donna felt the whip just a bit harder, rougher on her skin.&nbsp; Donna knew than better not to hesitate, and dove in, stretching her tongue deep inside Ninon�s asshole.&nbsp; She hated to admit it but Donna had done this many times before so she was used to it more or less.&nbsp; She had taught herself to focus more on a fantasy Robert banging away at her pussy at these times.&nbsp; If she drifted away in her mind, it was doable. And even though that had been hard, very hard in the beginning of this session, by now (and it felt like ages had passed) she could do it, even if at times she was brought back to reality.



As Ninon started to moan louder and louder, and grinded her hips more and harder on her face, Donna focused more and more on increasing her own stimulation. She frantically started to tap her clit faster and faster, using as many fingers as she could.&nbsp; Rubbing it was still not an option. She must have been hit hard over there as every effort caused a huge wave of pain.&nbsp; Her other hand had two fingers rammed inside her vagina, and she gently, carefully moved them up and down, making sure she didn�t touch anything else with her hand.&nbsp; The area around the entrance was the most sensitive, painful place.

The effort she put in it had its result, and her own moans soon joined Ninon's. They both were now humping and enjoying the moment of upcoming ecstasy. Donna was now so much aroused that even she grinded her hips. The pain the clamps caused at those moments were now merely annoying.&nbsp; Her sweating body finally had reached a state where it didn�t matter anymore.&nbsp; Frenzied, Donna licked with great enthusiasm at Ninon�s nether region, biting her thighs, her ass, nibbling on her sensitive lips, and always coming back with her tongue to lick on her aroused clit.&nbsp; Ninon was coming and she pushed her clit hard down into Donna's mouth, who rolled it with her tongue around to stimulate the clit with its ring.



�YES, YES!!� Ninon shouted as she climaxed.&nbsp; Ninon bucked shockingly as she enjoyed the orgasm, moaning loudly, scratching Donna across her breasts with her nails.&nbsp; Donna herself frantically touched her own clit to achieve her own orgasm, as her face was drowned in Ninon�s juices. As she did she felt pain too, as she was too rough on her vagina, but it didn�t stop her from climaxing too. It wasn�t a shattering one as Ninon�s; it was an odd one.&nbsp; True, her juices squirted a bit, but even that hurt.&nbsp; The pain made the usual afterglow of an orgasm slip away quickly. Much faster than usual. She experienced ecstasy alternating with sharp waves of pain.&nbsp; The over-sensitivity she usually felt after an orgasm was was now causing pain it seemed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Ninon meanwhile slumped forward, then rested on her arms in order to raised her hips and herself from Donna.&nbsp; She was breathing heavily for a while, and then she slumped sideways and got up from the bed. 



�That was good, Donna,� Ninon complimented as she pulled her panties on again. �You managed to come despite the pain.�



Donna was also back into the real world, together with its pain. The sedative feeling of the orgasm was gone; the pain, back in full force.&nbsp; She had been too rough on herself and she was paying for it.&nbsp; She moaned in pain and squirmed on the bed.



�Yes, it hurts doesn�t it?� Ninon smiled as she looked at her victim thrashing in pain. �When you stimulate yourself, the pain is pushed back but now it will come back even worse.&nbsp; After all, you messed with a wounded area.&nbsp; Whipping inside a pussy will cause pain for several days, you know?�



Donna heard Ninon speaking but she was in too much of a in panic as the pain became worse. And touching herself wasn�t an option; she didn�t know what to do.



�Let me help you a bit.� Ninon said when she saw the pain Donna was in. She walked over to the drawers and came back with more leather straps and a ball gag. She turned and showed the items to Donna.



�It won�t ease the pain, but you can bite in it, and scream as loud as you want. Some people find that a relief. At least I will when I don�t have to hear your pitiful screams anymore.�



She walked up to Donna, lifted her head and shoved the gag in during one of Donna�s screams.&nbsp; Donna muffled something, but didn�t resist the gag being strapped tightly in place. It would be useless anyway she knew.&nbsp; Instead she did bit hard on the gag and found out that it did help somewhat.&nbsp; Biting distracted her from the awful pain.&nbsp; Ninon pulled the helpless Donna to the side of the bed, where she unstrapped her arms, only to bind them back together behind her back at the wrist.&nbsp; She pulled the leather strap up with the pulley, forcing Donna to bend forward at the waist with her face resting at the foot of the bed. 



�This is how you will spend the night.� Ninon explained. �Uncomfortable as punishment and unable to touch your pussy. And if you want to rest your legs, you can kneel on the bed. That will of course stretch the ropes around that fat ass of yours, causing some additional pain to your cunt, but hey, life is full of choices.�



With that she left Donna to clean herself&nbsp; Donna indeed knew she was up for&nbsp; a hellish night. Even the slightest movement of her legs inflicted pain in her vagina.&nbsp; She would probably be up all night. When Ninon returned refreshed, she left the door to the hall open, turned off the lights, and stepped into the warm bed.



�I turned off the heat so it will get chilly a bit. We have to save energy, right?� she said, adding more misery to Donna�s already grim situation �And don�t forget: tomorrow you have your appointments, first the dentist, next the skin treatment. And after that at night a private party at Mrs Brendan�s house. You�ll be quite busy, my dear. Goodnight.�



Donna muffled something back as she tried to plead Ninon to help her but it was to no avail. As she felt the cold slowly creep into the room, she heard Ninon sleep gently, underneath the warm sheets.&nbsp; Donna started to feel cramps everywhere and was forced to move into different painful positions. She frantically looked for a position with no pain, only to find out all positions were equally painful in time.&nbsp; She finally fell asleep exhausted, kneeling on the bed, resting her body on it, and having her arms up and in the air.&nbsp; Her labia were stretched the most in this position but her legs just couldn�t take it anymore.&nbsp; The cold dulled her pain some, especially as her most injured flesh was completely exposed to it. Donna was just happy to drift away, even though it was probably only for a short time.





 













No character is or was ever real. All parts of the story are a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the author.



Copyright 2007 by Bokkey.



Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com





The First Body Modifications

 

�Wake up, Donna!�



Donna woke up shivering from the cold.&nbsp; She rocked back and forth a bit in her bondage before she was totally back into the real world.&nbsp; The pain in her vagina was still there, still intense.&nbsp;&nbsp; The muscles of her arm ached having been strung up to the ceiling for hours.&nbsp; Her back hurt from being bend over, and her legs were cramped from being folded for so long. As she moved, Donna heard the chain around her neck rattle softly.



�It�s chilly in here, don�t you think?� Ninon asked.&nbsp;&nbsp; She stood fully clothed beside the naked Donna in a dark blue business suit that featured long warm pants.&nbsp; Donna moaned in quiet misery; she couldn�t do anything else.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ninon took the remote and lowered Donna�s arms.&nbsp; Next, she removed the leather straps from Donna�s wrists. Donna gratefully slumped forward on the bed, trying to stretch stiff and sore muscles, rolling into the warm thick blankets.&nbsp; Ninon stepped away to return the bondage straps back to the drawer.



Ninon turned back : �Now don�t get all used to that, Donna, you have to shower, and get ready for the dentist.�&nbsp; Donna had been making her way into bed.&nbsp; Ninon walked up to the bed and clapped her hands � a parent getting a balky child up and out.&nbsp; �Up, up, up.�&nbsp; 



Donna felt like a little girl who didn�t want to go to school.&nbsp; It felt so good.&nbsp; She tried to make her exit from the warm bed as slow as she could.&nbsp; The warm pillows and blankets were so inviting!&nbsp; But Donna knew better than to refuse.&nbsp; With a sigh she hopped out of bed.



�Stand up straight.� Ninon ordered.&nbsp; Donna stretched herself into position. As she did, the chain still around her neck clattered off the bed.&nbsp; Ninon touched her face, inspecting the bruises left by last night�s punishment.&nbsp; �It doesn�t look too bad,� Ninon looked Donna over quickly, �but we�ll see better after you�re cleaned up.�&nbsp;&nbsp; Ninon loosened the chain and tugged. �Let�s go to the bathroom.� 



Donna remembered last night�s �lessons� and walked behind Ninon, her head humbly down.&nbsp;&nbsp; On the way to the bathroom, Ninon made her kneel and stand several times.&nbsp; Testing if Donna still �remembered her lessons� as Ninon put it.&nbsp; Ninon attached the chain to the drain below the sink.&nbsp; �Shower and take an enema, brush your teeth.&nbsp; Be ready when I return.� Ninon told the shivering Donna.



�Yes, Mrs. Bondain,� Donna replied and Ninon left her alone.&nbsp; Donna quickly turned on the hot water to get rid of the cold.&nbsp; The room had grown terribly cold and uncomfortable through the night and the cold had crept into her bones.&nbsp;&nbsp; As the shower warmed up, Donna switched into her plastic high heeled slippers and collected the enema kit from under the sink.&nbsp; For a short moment she looked at the humiliating chain that Ninon had secured there.&nbsp; Untying it would cause so much trouble she knew, but not doing so was so� 



�It�s so humiliating! Would any other woman allow herself to be trapped so easily?�&nbsp; Donna got the kit ready.&nbsp; �I�ve been turned into a will-less person.&nbsp; Whipped inside my vagina, of all places.&nbsp; Left in the cold, tied, and now chained in my own bathroom.�&nbsp; Donna tested the shower water; it was almost ready.&nbsp; �Like a slave!&nbsp; And now even being told to get myself ready for the next ordeal.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I�m actually doing it!�&nbsp; She shook her head.&nbsp; �If I fight now, I�ll be in for a hell of a beating, let alone what they will do to my family. And if I don�t, I will surrender any self esteem that I might have left.�



Donna looked at herself in the mirror as steam filled the room, warming her and fogging the mirror.&nbsp; �What would another woman do in my place?&nbsp; How many females have they subjected to their treatment already?&nbsp; They seem to know what I�m going to do even before I do.&nbsp; If I reluctantly go along, they�ll just raise the bar; if I don�t, they have some terrible consequence ready for me.�&nbsp; Donna felt her sore nether lips. Even walking hurt. And her vagina was leaking juices in reaction to the pain.&nbsp; �This is just not normal ��



Donna had the kit ready and lubricated the nozzle with some soap before inserting it into her ass.&nbsp; She couldn�t look into the mirror anymore.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had become too ashamed of her own actions to be able to watch what she was doing herself.&nbsp; �There must be a way out of this,� she thought.&nbsp; �But how?&nbsp; How �?� Donna lifted the filled enema bag up in the air and bent down on the cold floor, ass in the air.&nbsp; The chain links clinked as they tapped the floor tiles.&nbsp; Donna closed her eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp; �Just do it,� she told herself and inserted the nozzle carefully into her sore asshole.&nbsp; Donna opened the tap to let the fluid run into her body.&nbsp; The warm liquid felt good.&nbsp; It warmed her up and she found herself enjoying that for as long as she could.&nbsp; After a few minutes, Donna stepped over to the toilet, and removed the tube.&nbsp;&nbsp; �Well, that�s over,� she told herself thought as she whipped her ass clean, flushed the toilet, returned the kit into the sink, and drained it in water to clean.



She pushed aside the shower curtain and reveled in the wall of steam it released.

She adjusted the water, and stepped into the shower.&nbsp; The chain around her neck pulled at her, reminding her of its existence.&nbsp; The hot shower finally warmed her up; she loved it.&nbsp;&nbsp; But her itch increased where the warm water flowed along her labia and ass-crack.&nbsp;&nbsp; The soothing gel that the doctor had given her was used up, she remembered.&nbsp; �I should see the doctor before heading to Robert�s parents,� she told herself.&nbsp; �Or maybe when I�m at the party at Ms. Brendan�s, the doctor will be there and she can get me some more gel.� 



It was a strange experience to feel her vagina throb from both pain and being inflamed at the same time.&nbsp; It was the same weird feeling as an itching healing wound.&nbsp; She gently scratched herself by inserting a soapy finger in her ass and a wet one in her pussy.&nbsp; The nails did their work but she knew it would be only temporary. If she continued, she would make the irritation worse and perhaps even do herself an injury.



�I�ll just have to endure the itch for as long as I possibly can. Maybe it will ease off a bit as the day goes on.�&nbsp; But she feared it wouldn�t and Donna didn�t want to think of the torture it would bring.&nbsp; �I�ll have to block it out of my mind.&nbsp; If I pay attention to it, focus on it, it�ll only get worse.�&nbsp; Donna had to be very careful as her labia were extremely sensitive; every small touch caused her to stiffen from the pain. Out of curiosity she sat down to inspect her vagina.&nbsp; She wanted to know what damage had been done.&nbsp; Outwardly, apart from some swelling, everything appeared to be normal.&nbsp; She tried to stretch her lips outward to have a peek, but it was not doable.&nbsp; The pain was too great, and so she left things as they were.&nbsp; Regardless, it was clear to her she had been beaten raw there.&nbsp; Donna did shave herself, but very gingerly, stretching the painful skin as little as possible.&nbsp; It took much longer than usual, and Donna experienced it as akin to a long torture session.&nbsp; She told herself that she must do whatever it took to avoid a whipping like that in the future.&nbsp; Not only was the whipping awful, but she began to understand that the aftermath of being whipped so savagely was maybe even worse.&nbsp; Walking hurt, shaving hurt, and she didn�t want to think of using a dildo.&nbsp; Masturbating with her fingers alone was agonizing.



After the shower, Donna picked up a fresh towel and dried herself thoroughly.&nbsp; She felt her skin where she had been whipped.&nbsp; It was still sore, even the skin on her face. She wiped the fog from the mirror to look at herself.&nbsp; She saw some light marks on her body where she had been whipped, but not too much. Only her arms bore clear red stripes.&nbsp; �At least it doesn�t show too much,� she sighed with relief.



Donna cleaned the enema kit, dried it, and stashed it back under the sink.&nbsp; �Until tomorrow,� she told herself with some remorse.&nbsp;&nbsp; Looking at the kit made her aware again of her itch and she quickly forced herself to think of something else.&nbsp; She hung her towel and was ready.&nbsp; She looked at the door and listened to see if she could hear Ninon in her bedroom, but there was nothing.&nbsp; Donna didn�t know what to do so she just waited.&nbsp; It was maybe the most humiliating thing that she had done up to now. She was actually waiting, chained to a sink.&nbsp; Fully aware that she could simply untie herself but she didn�t.&nbsp; Instead, she simply stood there in her own bathroom, waiting for Ninon to tell her what to do next.&nbsp; She didn�t even dare sit down.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

�What would other woman do?&nbsp; Go to the police?&nbsp;&nbsp; Run away with the whole family?� she asked herself.&nbsp; �Doing something right now is not an option.&nbsp; But I don�t think I can even plan my escape anymore.&nbsp; The new schedule is too intense.&nbsp; Or should I do something this weekend when the family is together and away from Ms. Brendan?&nbsp; If we are out of town, are we out of her reach?�&nbsp; The latter thought made Donna wake up to her situation.&nbsp; �The situation is as bad as it gets. I need to take drastic actions.&nbsp; When we�re flying to Robert�s parents, I�ll explain everything to them.&nbsp; We can just hide for a while and call the police.�



The solution was so simple Donna wondered why she hadn�t thought of it before but as she was thinking up ways to disappear a new thought dawned.&nbsp; �They�ll expect it. Ms Brendan will anticipate that I�m going to try to escape with the whole family.�&nbsp;&nbsp; Donna looked at the door again.&nbsp; �I must be careful, very careful.&nbsp; Maybe even planning the escape just on my own, and without explaining it first to my family, forcing them into a cab, and drive away suddenly, switching cars, making sure no one follows us��



�You�re ready?� Ninon had opened the door and looked at Donna. �Perfect,� she complimented when she saw her standing, waiting for her.&nbsp; Donna noticed herself smile automatically at the compliment. �Get a grip on yourself,� she reprimanded herself.&nbsp; �It wasn�t anything difficult to do and you embarrassed yourself because you did just what you were told to do.�



Ninon walked in and took Donna�s face by her chin with one hand.&nbsp;&nbsp; She moved her face sideways, inspecting the bruises. Next she looked at her shoulders, breasts for bruises, touching them roughly, and checking Donna�s face for her response.



�Turn� she instructed, and Donna turned, showing her back. She felt Ninon�s hand running across the marks on her back. 



�Ouch� Donna said when Ninon pushed too hard on one of them.



�Shhh� Ninon warned. 



�Turn back to me,� Ninon ordered when she was finished with Donna�s back.&nbsp; Like a little wind-up doll, Donna turned, facing her tormentor again.&nbsp; Ninon grabbed her arms and inspected them.



�Ok, so here you have the most visible marks.� she said �Not that bad - luckily.&nbsp; We�ll put some ointment on the marks and by the afternoon most of them will be gone.�&nbsp;&nbsp; Ninon unhooked the chain from the sink, and walked out of the room, Donna padding silently behind.



�No make up today as you are also having your skin done,� Ninon explained, as she steered Donna to the dressing table.&nbsp; With a tug on the chain, she forced Donna to sit down in front of the mirror.&nbsp; Ninon sat on the bed. 



�Apply the soothing oil,� Ninon instructed.

Donna saw the bottle standing on the table, and did as she had been told.&nbsp;&nbsp; She avoided looking at the mirror as much as possible but for her back, and for the total picture she had to.&nbsp; She saw herself sitting, with a chain around her neck which trailed off the mirror to her trainer. Totally naked apart from the plastic high-heeled pumps, whip marks on her body, Donna hated the image.&nbsp; Rubbing the soothing ointment into her skin made her think of the gel that was finished.&nbsp; She forced herself with difficulty to block it out of her mind again.



�Now you�re finished; you�ll dress,� Ninon said when Donna had applied the ointment to all marks as best as she could. �Just wear something according to the rules� 



Ninon held the chain in her hand, inviting Donna to go to the closet and pick

something out.&nbsp; Donna knew this was another trick. She hadn�t read all the rules yet, and even if she had, this was an odd situation. It wasn�t work, it wasn�t a party, it wasn�t going out, it wasn�t being at home. She didn�t know what to wear.&nbsp; She walked up to the closet and thought hard&nbsp;&nbsp; �Okay, I have to go to the dentist and then to a clinic so I don�t go overboard with the fetish wear, but I can go sexy.&nbsp;&nbsp; And short.&nbsp; I�ll be inside most of the time.&nbsp;&nbsp; No underwear, that�s easy � maybe a short skirt� �



Donna fumbled through her closet as she tried to guess what would be best.&nbsp; �What will satisfy Ninon?&nbsp; And Ms. Brendan?� Donna shuddered at the thought.&nbsp;&nbsp; Luckily most of her clothes were gone now so only �approved� clothing was left.&nbsp; She decided on a blouse with a deep v-cut that showed a lots of breast.&nbsp; And a skirt that could only be called �tiny.�.&nbsp; She would have to endure the cold nearly naked but she was pretty sure the outfit would please her tormentors. As for shoes, she noticed the chain was too short and she couldn�t reach to them.



She looked back at Ninon, who just smiled back at her.&nbsp; Donna sighed:�Ms Bondain, please, can you allow me a bit more chain so I can grab my shoes?�



�You don�t ask standing, now do you?� Ninon corrected.&nbsp; Donna fell to her knees, and repeated the question, frustrated, suppressing her will to rebel.



�Okay,� Ninon replied, and inched a bit towards Donna but remained on the bed.&nbsp; Donna tried to reach for the shoes but could only reach if she pulled hard against the chain, forcing her to choke herself a bit. �Just like a damn dog,� Donna cursed to herself as she managed to reach the shoes she needed.&nbsp; �She has me pulling at the chain just like a damn dog!�&nbsp;&nbsp; Angry as she was, Donna had her wits about her enough to thank Ninon once she had grabbed the shoes.



�Pose,� Ninon commanded after Donna slipped into her shoes.&nbsp; Donna posed in the way she was taught yesterday, even turning around to give Ninon a full view of her outfit. She ended with a submissive look on her face.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donna hoped the outfit and her little performance would get Ninon�s approval.



�Good� was Ninon�s only remark.&nbsp; She got up and pulled Donna behind her, out of the room.&nbsp; Donna wondered if she had worried too much about what to wear. Had she overdone it with the short skirt?&nbsp; Maybe she could have gone with the business suit?&nbsp; �I�m totally lost.&nbsp; My biggest fear is coming true; they have me torturing myself!�



Meanwhile Ninon led Donna downstairs to the kitchen, where she tied Donna�s&nbsp; chain to the sink again.&nbsp; �Make some breakfast for us,� Ninon instructed and left the room.



Donna heard Ninon in another room making phone calls while she boiled some eggs and set the table.&nbsp; When Ninon returned, she was standing beside the sink and the table was ready.



�Good,� Ninon said, �from now on, you eat standing up as per your new rules.� 



With that, Ninon sat down and started to eat while reading the newspaper.&nbsp; Donna at first hesitated a bit.&nbsp; The new unknown rule worried her.&nbsp; �Am I now forced to eat breakfast standing up while everyone else sits down?&nbsp;&nbsp; How will Robert react?&nbsp; He likes it when the whole family sits down to eat together.&nbsp; How do I explain it to him?�&nbsp; Donna moved towards the table, her vagina aching with every move.&nbsp; �I must read as much of the rules as possible.&nbsp; I must look for ways to get around them, find loopholes� Or else Robert will find out, and� But what am I saying?&nbsp; This weekend I�ll end this charade, we�ll run off, and I�ll tell him everything.&nbsp; No more rules from thereon.�



Donna took a slice of bread and some marmalade.&nbsp; As she took little bites, she glanced at Ninon reading the paper&nbsp; �Unless they have found some way to stop me. But how?&nbsp; Once I�m out of town they can�t control me, can they?�&nbsp; Donna�s mind whirled in uncertainty, wondering what Ms. Brendan and Ninon were up to up to.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Ninon finished eating.&nbsp; �Time to go,� she said as she looked at her cell for the time.&nbsp; �Or else we�ll be late. Traffic can be killing at this hour.�



�Clean up quickly,� Ninon stood and walked out of the kitchen to the closet.&nbsp; Donna quickly cleaned up the table and put the dirty dishes in the sink.&nbsp; Just as she finished, Ninon came back into the kitchen and unhooked the chain from the sink, leading Donna to the closet on her �leash.�&nbsp; When Donna had her coat on, Ninon finally removed the chain and hung it in the closet. �For future use,� she said with a smile. Donna meekly smiled back, happy the humiliating chain was off. But her ordeal was far from over.

They went outside into the cold and Donna shivered as her bare legs came into contact with the cold wind.&nbsp; Ninon led her slowly to her car, parked in the driveway. It gave the cold enough time to take hold of Donna�s body and she was shivering badly by the time they reached the car.&nbsp; In the meantime, Donna noticed a few neighbors watching her walking - either from their front windows or the car they were driving.&nbsp; She could see them wondering about her appearance.&nbsp; Donna knew that she looked like a slut.&nbsp; Her legs bare in high heels, a short fur coat, only the make up was missing.&nbsp; No one greeted her and everyone turned their eyes as she looked at them.&nbsp; But she could feel their gaze as she looked down in embarrassment.&nbsp; This would be the talk of the town this coming weekend, she knew for sure;&nbsp;&nbsp; �Did you see Donna Alldring in that whorish fur coat, the high heels.�,&nbsp; �Her husband is away for work and she immediately abuses the situation.&nbsp; She�s such a slut.�,&nbsp; �I never would have guessed she would cheat on poor Robert like that.�,&nbsp; �Well even so, I�m ready to shag her good if she needs it!�&nbsp; 

Happily she got into the car, away from any more judging looks.&nbsp; It had begun, she was becoming an outcast in the neighborhood. 



�Buckle up,� Ninon said as she reversed down the driveway to the street.&nbsp; When she had the car moving on the road, she started to speak again.&nbsp; �We�ll go to the dentist�s, who will whiten your teeth and add a small diamond.&nbsp; Then, your skin will get its first treatment. Over time, you will have more of these treatments but the first ones are always the heaviest. So be prepared, it will be painful.�



Donna nodded when Ninon briefly looked at her for a response: �Yes, Mrs. Bondain.�



�And by now you have a feel of how tough the new schedule and rules will be. It will need your full attention at all times. No more wondering about other silly things for now, just focus on following the rules, following your therapy.� Donna looked at Ninon, trying to hide her shock. �Is she reading my mind or something?� 



�Yes,� Ninon smiled as she saw the surprised look. �I know you have been thinking about how to get out of this situation.&nbsp; That�s only normal.&nbsp; It would be crazy if you didn�t.&nbsp; Why do you think I let you wait, chained, so many times, only to hurry now? You needed some time to think and go over your situation, to think of ways to get out.&nbsp; Knowing how bad the situation has gotten for you.� Donna looked at Ninon who looked at the road.&nbsp; She knew she was about to hear how they expect to control her.&nbsp; �We just want you to know that we know you�ll try to escape this weekend. What you�ll do is always something we bet on. Go to the police, run away with the family, come back or fight us. It always involves telling all to the husband, the family. It�s funny how behavior can be predicted so easily.�



A silence fell as Donna absorbed what was just said to her. It was just as she thought, they knew she was going to try something, they were even betting on it.&nbsp; She thought of her plan to escape, � well, her rough idea.&nbsp; She had not even thought it through yet.&nbsp; Donna was afraid that her �plan� would now get her in trouble, even before it was carried out.



�So,� Ninon broke the silence after the car maneuvered through some traffic.&nbsp; �Can you give me a hint what you�re up to?&nbsp; I figure it�s running away, since you�ve already tried the attack once.�&nbsp; Donna knew Ninon was playing with her. She felt stupid. 



�Cat got your tongue?� Ninon said smiling.



Donna stayed silent, her mind racing through her options.&nbsp; �They know I�ll try something, they�re even betting on it. They know what I�m up to even before I do. And I don�t even have a clear plan yet.&nbsp; If I tell her, I�ll have to change plans; if I don�t tell, she probably will whip me or she won�t let me go...�



�Show me your tongue,� Ninon instructed.



Donna meekly obliged and stuck out her tongue, wondering why.



�So the cat does not have your tongue.� Ninon faked relief �Okay, then tell me what you�re up to, little scheming bitch, so your trainer can win the bet.�



�I�� Donna closed her eyes �I was planning on running away.� She couldn�t come up with anything else, so she just blurted out her real plan, much to her own annoyance. 



�Where to?� 



�I haven�t thought of that yet. Just away from this, and with the whole family.�



�Husband, children, grandparents, brothers, sisters?� Ninon replied. �That would be quite a large group. You would have to make some arrangements and during the holidays all the flights are full, or almost full.�



Donna looked at Ninon, who just drove on. �I�d have to take the other family members too,� Donna began to explain. �The grandparents, his brother, his sisters, I don�t have any brothers or sisters, but I do have a lot of cousins, uncles and aunts�� It was something she hadn�t thought about and how hard it would be was catching up with her.&nbsp; And Ninon brought it up to make me understand they�ll hurt any of my family members that they want to use.



�Well?� Ninon pressed on

�I�I haven�t thought of that�the other members I mean..� Donna stammered.



�You don�t think of a lot of things, like the rules for instance.&nbsp; How should you refer to me?� Ninon demanded.



Donna panicked. �I�m so sorry, Mrs. Bondain.&nbsp; I just spoke my mind, and forgot��

�And where is Lenny?�



�Oh shit!� Donna looked around; she hadn�t taken him from the room!&nbsp; She didn�t even thought about bringing a bag, let alone carry that damn phallus.



�I�m so sorry, Mrs. Bondain. Please forgive me, please!� Donna said in fear as she looked at Ninon, tears in her eyes.&nbsp; She was so afraid of what was going to happen to her; she was actually crying!



�So, you thought of running away.� Ninon went back to the subject at hand, ignoring her pleas. �That�s what most of us picked. You�re so predictable!&nbsp; Now what do you think will be the consequences of that action, hmm?� Ninon asked. �Once we �convinced� you to see it our way again, after we find you?&nbsp; I mean, you will be tracked down again, even if you manage to get away that is.&nbsp; Most likely you won�t even make it to the door.�



�I, I�� Donna stuttered. 



�Well?� Ninon pushed on.



�I.. I didn�t think about that either, Mrs. Bondain,� Donna replied honestly.&nbsp; Ninon shook her head. 



�Well think about it now,� she said and with that a silence fell, with Donna vainly trying to conjure up an answer.&nbsp; 



�How terrible, I don�t want to think of the consequences!&nbsp; They�ve been ruthless with me every time I disobeyed.&nbsp; They raped me, whipped me, pierced me against my will, made me lie to my family.&nbsp; I had to act like a total slut with complete strangers, have done the most vile things� No I don�t want to think what other sick things they can do!�



�It can�t take so long,� Ninon said. �Come on, what were the consequences of your first attempt to fight Ms. Brendan?�



�I�, Vivian died.� Donna admitted somberly.&nbsp; Had Vivian died only a few days ago?&nbsp; It seemed so long ago now.



�That�s your opinion. But apart from that, what else happened?�



�I .. I am now under a strict regime, I�m whipped, I�m mistreated, my cloths are gone, I�m told to become a whore, a pole dancer, I�m going to get plastic surgery��



�Okay, you do understand the picture,� Ninon cut Donna off. �Now let�s see what we�ll do when we have you in our paws again, and you�re family knows what�s going on.&nbsp; Can you imagine what we�ll do?�



Donna stayed silent, she refused to think of the cruel things they would do to her. She did her best to not think of them.



�Can�t imagine anything?� Ninon pressed once again.



�No, Mrs. Bondain, I can�t.&nbsp; You�ve already done anything you could to me.� Donna

Answered.



�We haven�t, Donna, we haven�t� Ninon said. �We can always make it worse for you if you wish so.&nbsp; But I know you�re lying and I know that you can think of things we can do to you that would hurt more that mere physical punishment.&nbsp; You just don�t want to.&nbsp; Try again, I order you to think of something.� Ninon demanded.&nbsp;&nbsp; �Speak your mind.�



Donna sighed and thought up something quickly.



�You might kill Robert, Mrs. Bondain.� She said.



�Donna!!� Ninon yelled angrily, startling Donna. �Quit playing with me. Give me a serious answer!!�



�My daughters, you will go after my daughters!� Donna blurred out. She held her head in despair with both hands in her lap, and started to cry.



�Now that�s a much better consequence,� Ninon said approvingly&nbsp; �And what do you think we will do with your daughters?� 



�The same you did to me,� Donna sobbed.



�Forgetting the rules again, aren�t we?� Ninon said.



�Sorry, Mrs. Bondain. � Sorry, Mrs. Bondain�� Donna stammered, out of control, crying, rocking in her seat.&nbsp; She was beyond caring for herself now.&nbsp; All she could think of was her daughters and in how much danger they were thanks to her.&nbsp; She cared about them, not anymore about her stupid self.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



�Be more specific, what do you think we will do to them?� Ninon ordered.

Donna cried as she started to think.&nbsp; Disturbing images, disgusting, graphic images flooded her mind�s eye.&nbsp;&nbsp; She frustratingly tried to block them.&nbsp; Her girls bound, being used, the ways she had been used.&nbsp; Donna broke down and began to cry loudly.&nbsp; She hated to think of what they would do to her own children � even make her do things to her girls. Begging she wouldn�t have to.



�Tell me!!� Ninon shouted, as she grabbed Donna by her hair and roughly pulled her up.



�I see them being fucked by Mrs. Brendan and whipped by you!� Donna cried hysterically. 



Ninon let go, and Donna slumped back in her chair to cry.&nbsp; �I see them being trained, just like me, with dildo�s, with whorish clothing�.� Donna rambled frantically. �No, I don�t want that, Mrs. Bondain, please leave them out of it� Please��



Ninon looked at her sternly:&nbsp; �It is up to you if that happens or not.�&nbsp; Ninon spoke coldly. �You run off, and that might just happen if we catch you.&nbsp; And we will catch you.�



�You just keep on imagining Ms. Brendan ass-fucking little Trixy, bent over a chair, with you watching. Or holding her down. She�ll hate you for it. She�ll be in a lot of pain, not to mention the fact that her future will be quite different from thereon.�



Donna cried, seeing vivid images of just that going through her mind.&nbsp; She found herself helplessly imagining Julie going through the same treatment.&nbsp; Her beautiful Julie.&nbsp; �Please, please, I won�t run off,�� she begged softly �Please leave my daughters out of it. Not them.�



�It�s up to you. You know now what the consequences might be if you run off. I think it is fair to say that Ms. Brendan will punish you by punishing your daughters.&nbsp; But you never know,� Ninon added, �she might even find something worse��



�Please, Mrs. Bondain, I�ll be good, I won�t run off anymore. I�ll return, and I�ll behave, I�ll follow the rules, I�ll do anything you want me to� Anything.&nbsp; Please. Mrs. Bondain...� Donna whispered.



�So, can you see Julie and Trixy sucking a total stranger�s old wrinkled cock on a bed in some sleazy motel?&nbsp; Can you?�



�Yes, Mrs. Bondain, I can.� Donna replied, as the scene unraveled in her imagination like the porno films she had been watching.

�Convince me.&nbsp; Convince me that you can see it all.&nbsp; Tell me what you see.�



�They�re wearing whorish clothes,� Donna began brokenheartedly, �but are partially undressed.&nbsp; They are going to be fucked hard in the pussy, and most likely also in the ass. They�re bought for for the whole night by the sleazy pervert��&nbsp; Donna cried 



�Please mrs Bondain, no more, no more�� she begged as the picture became more gruesome.



�What color are Trixy�s stockings, Donna?� Ninon asked.



Donna cried in her hands as she thought of the color of Trixy�s stockings.&nbsp; �Blue, they�re blue,�she answered.



�And Julie�s?�



�Red, red fishnet stockings,� Donna answered.&nbsp; She sobbed as she saw the picture clearly now, with the red an blue stocking, her daughters licking at the shaft and the balls, skinny, trained, tanned just like her. She saw it, she saw it vividly. And she knew that was what Ninon wanted. To have her see the picture clearly.&nbsp; The picture that would haunt her every time she would think of quitting.



�Good. Now you really get the picture.� Ninon said.



She drove on in silence, and Donna sobbed as she was fighting to wipe the picture out of her mind, but every time the awful image of her daughters licking, fucking an old pervert, being sold as whores, returned.



They finally arrived at the dentist�s office. The building stood on a large area, surrounded with a metal waved fence. It was located in a business area, and on the other lots were huge silos, with trucks coming and going.&nbsp; It was a strange place for a dentist.&nbsp; The building itself also was out of place. It had a Victorian look, as if it was the last building standing of a village that had been turned into a business area. 



�Get out, and walk up to the door, and knock. They will take over from there.� Ninon said as she left the engine running.



Donna quickly got out of the car. She was glad to be out in the cold again.&nbsp; Anything was better than to be forced to think in detail of ... �No more!� she told herself as she ran up the stairs to the entrance. �No more!.� She let the cold get a good hold of her so her mind was distracted and the images disappeared.



She knew now how stupid she had been, to ignore the depth of her problems or the cruelty of her attackers. She shook her head as she walked to the entrance, not believing how low she had fallen. How stupid she was. 



She had to be much smarter, she understood now.&nbsp; Just running off without a plan was not an option. She knew that if they got caught, her daughters would end up as whores or worse.&nbsp; She knocked on the door as she looked back and saw Ninon leave. 



�No, I will not put my family in danger, she decided.&nbsp; I will do as they say for now, and plan a much, much better escape.&nbsp; This coming weekend, they will probably watch my every move.&nbsp; I have to wait till they totally trust me.&nbsp; And until that time I�ll play along with their filthy game. I�ll have to� But I�ll outsmart them.�



The door opened, and Donna slipped inside, into the warmth of a large white corridor.&nbsp; She looked around, and saw it looked more like a small hospital, than a dentist�s office.&nbsp; Lots of doors as the corridor went straight thru the house to its rear.&nbsp; Black and white tiles on the floor, and halfway up the walls.&nbsp; Light green walls above that, and white door posts with white doors evenly spaced.&nbsp; There looked to be maybe ten rooms just on the main floor.&nbsp; Big curving stairs on either side of the entrance hall led up to the next floor.&nbsp; Donna suspected even more rooms were up there. 



This isn�t a dentist office; it�s a hospital!&nbsp; Donna looked at the surroundings.&nbsp; A few chairs at the beginning of the hall with a handful of well used magazines were the only things she kind of expected in a dentist office.&nbsp; The nurse helping her was a young girl, and she took Donna�s coat and brought it into another room.&nbsp; After the nurse had gone, Donna cursed herself again.&nbsp; The young girl made her think of Trixy in blue fishnet stockings. The images made her sick, and she fought to get them out of her head. She needed to be distracted, and fast. 



 �Follow me, Mrs. Alldring.� Donna gladly did. Her heels clicked on the tiles loudly, the echoes resonating throughout the long corridor. She was ashamed of her short skirt, and low cut blouse. She was glad no one was sitting in the hall.&nbsp; After all, anyone looking at her would surely mistake her for a whore.



�But I�ll get my revenge!� she told herself.&nbsp; Thinking about getting even, or fighting them turned out to be the best way to get her mind straight again. Even though it seemed quite hopeless.&nbsp; They were always one step ahead, or better, many steps ahead.&nbsp; 



She was led inside a room halfway the corridor. 

�Sit please, Mrs. Alldring, the dentist will be right with you. I�ll prepare everything.� The nurse guided Donna to the chair in the center of the room.&nbsp; Donna sat down, and the girl quickly fastened her arms and legs with leather straps. Donna knew this was strange, yet didn�t object. It happened before she could really react, and the girl did it in such a way as if it was the most normal thing in the world to do. Donna actually even relaxed when the chair was positioned horizontally. It was warm, and chair was soft. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the moment. Only now she noticed how tired she still was. She must have slept only a few uncomfortable hours last night.



�Now don�t fall asleep.�



Startled, Donna opened her eyes and saw the gay man who had inspected her at Ms. Brendan�s standing next to her.&nbsp; He was wearing a white doctors coat and was going through the utensils.



�So, is the little slut ready to be changed forever?� he said with a smile as he put on plastic gloves.



Donna didn�t know what to say so she just smiled politely back. She knew he was into the scene, so he wouldn�t help her anyway if she objected. And one thought of her daughters hurt was enough to squander any resistance.&nbsp; And after all, she told herself, whitening teeth and cleaning skin isn�t that bad.



�Open the mouth,� the dentist ordered and packed cotton inside her mouth.&nbsp; Next he picked up a metal frame.



�And open again.� He placed the frame in her mouth. It forced her mouth to stay open.&nbsp; A few adjustments and the frame expanded, forcing her jaws achingly wide.&nbsp; �That way I can work better, without you biting me,� the man said only half joking.&nbsp; The gay dentist went through her mouth with a metal excavator, scratching her teeth at places, checking them out.&nbsp; When he was finished he picked up a needle, and bent over her again.



�We�ll anaesthetize you�re whole mouth as we�ll have to do work everywhere. All grey fillings need to go, for instance.� He explained �This might sting a little�� and with that, the large needle went into the back of her mouth.&nbsp; She stiffened when the needle painfully bit into her gums but the cage kept her from biting down, and the bonds kept her from using her hands. All she could do was make some&nbsp; incoherent mumbling because even her tongue couldn�t move, blocked by the needle stuck in her mouth.



�There, that�s done,� he said after a while. �I�ll be back in a few minutes.�



As Donna waited, she felt not just her mouth getting numb, but also her mind. It kind of slowed down, her vision was blurring, her tongue felt swollen. She understood she had gotten a pretty potent drug.&nbsp;&nbsp; But she could still �



�Are you with me?� she heard from a distance, and she vaguely saw the head of the gay man moving above her.

�How many fingers?� 



�She�s okay.� 



Had she answered? Donna didn�t know. But how could she with that cage in her

mouth?



�Those breasts need a lot of work.�



What she heard was incoherent, and she had difficulty answering. She felt her jaw being opened a lot more stretching them even more. She saw movements, but it was all too fast to react to. The next hours passed by in a blur, as she felt her teeth being drilled at times, scrubbed, lights in her face.



�It�s happening�.� became her only thought after a while, as she gave up trying to understand what was going on.



�EEEHW!!� Donna shouted as an acrid smell roused her. She tried to get up but her bonds held her back.



She looked around.&nbsp; �What�?� she thought.



�Welcome back to the living, sleepy head,� the gay doctor said.



She looked at him.&nbsp; He was sitting on a high chair, looking down on her.&nbsp; He had opened her blouse and was fondling her breasts, checking out their complexity. She noticed the nurse still in the room, smiling at her as she cleaned up. 



�Mbbbl�&nbsp; Donna tried to say something but her tongue was like rubber in her mouth. The room seemed to be spinning.&nbsp; She laid back to recover. . A sharp pain at her left breast woke her up again, and she looked at the dentist.&nbsp; He had squeezed her nipple roughly.



�Stay focused please.�&nbsp; Donna nodded and tried to focus on his face.&nbsp; �We�re done with the first treatment.� The dentist spoke slowly so that Donna could follow. �We�ve replaced all of your fillings, and whitened all of your teeth.&nbsp; They have responded well.�



She frowned, unable to comprehend what he was saying.&nbsp; �Boy, did they ever drug me!! Everything is wobbling around.�



�Of course we added the diamond. It looks beautiful.�&nbsp; As he said so, he

pulled back her upper lip for a close inspection.



�Now you�re still pretty drugged��&nbsp; He shook her face a little.&nbsp; It caused her vision to blur and disoriented her.&nbsp; �It was necessary because we had to do so much.&nbsp; For the next several days, you will use painkillers; if not, you will be in terrible pain.&nbsp; The dental nerves need some time to calm down.� 



Donna tried again to feel anything, but her mouth was a rubbery mess. 



�As a result, you�ll only eat soup and with a straw.&nbsp; Avoid using your teeth for this week.�



Donna nodded slowly.



�Ok, we�re going to take you to another room for your skin treatment. Nurse, bring Donna to Room 5, will you?&nbsp; And feed her a bit.�



She was indeed hungry. She felt her stomach ache as she was led through the corridor to another room. She couldn�t recall being released from the chair.&nbsp; When she was laid down on a hospital bed, she noticed for the first time that she had been walking with her breasts bare.&nbsp; As she laid down, the nurse undressed her. Donna felt helpless as everything just happened before she could react.&nbsp; Donna couldn�t talk, the frame still in her mouth, her mouth totally numb.&nbsp; All she could do was make some muffled noises.



�Relax, and take the straw.� The nurse said, and Donna was suddenly sucking up some soup. �There, good girl.� The young nurse said. Where was the frame? It was out of her mouth. She looked next to the bed, but it wasn�t there. She shook her head a little, every time she closed her eyes it seemed hours passed by.&nbsp; Donna felt her tying her up again, to the bed this time �So you won�t fall.� She explained.



Donna didn�t really care. She was busy fighting with the damn straw which flipped out of her mouth all the time it seemed.



�Can you hear me Donna?� 



Now Ninon was standing over her.&nbsp; 



�I brought you your friend� and she held up the big black dildo, and waved it in front of her. Donna followed it with her eyes, but was still too drugged to respond.



�I�ll leave it here, don�t forget it again.�



She vaguely heard Ninon talk with the nurse as she left. How long had she been with her? What time was it?



�We are moving you into the laser room, it�s time for your skin treatment.�&nbsp; Donna turned to see two nurses begin to move her bed into the hallway.



�She�s pretty out of it� was the last thing she heard, before she dozed off again.



�Wakey-wakey,� a smiling doctor said.&nbsp; Donna woke up, pretty clear this time, and she tried to get up. 



�Hmmmm!� she screamed. Her body was in agony. 



�Don�t try to move too much. We�ve pretty much lasered you everywhere.&nbsp; Your skin is very irritated.�



She looked down herself, naked, spread-eagled on a bed. Her skin gleamed from the oil they had applied to it. 



�As you can see, your skin is quite reddish.&nbsp; Even despite your dark tan and the oil applied to it.� The gay doctor explained �Once we got going, we found a lot of small disruptions in your skin, which we removed to the best of our abilities. �



�Gggmh� Donna tried to ask something but her mouth would not obey.



�Talking will be difficult the next few hours, maybe even days.&nbsp; Normally by tomorrow, the sedative should have worn out but you have gotten two sedatives in one day, so you can never really tell.� The doctor explained: �Just don�t try to talk for now. You may find your thinking fuzzy and that you are easily distracted.&nbsp; Don�t worry about it, your brain is still foggy.�



He dragged&nbsp; a finger gently across her torso. It felt like a knife cutting her skin �Very sensitive still,� he said aloud to himself.&nbsp; �You�ll be on some heavy painkillers this weekend, unfortunately.� The doctor looked back at her.&nbsp; �So no alcohol at all, please.�



Donna didn�t mind that; she disliked alcohol ever since the Caribbean anyway. But she wanted to see herself and she wasn�t able to.&nbsp; That frustrated her.&nbsp; �They�ve done something to me, and everybody can see it but me!�



The doctor stroked his fingers through her hair, watching her frustration build.&nbsp; �Just sleep for now.&nbsp; All went well, and you�ll see the new you more than enough in the near future.�&nbsp; He looked her in the eye, with a gentle look.&nbsp; �And you�ll be picked up around 10 tonight. Ms Brendan has a party, remember?�



Donna laid back and tried to think things over. As she did, the drugs took over again, and she fell back into a deep dreamy sleep.



The doctor smiled at her as he looked at the sleeping naked woman in front of him. He was quite pleased with his work. Her teeth had gone well, and the diamond inserted in one of her teeth shined brightly when the light hit it. It was the exactly the effect that he had wanted.&nbsp; And her teeth were brightly white too.&nbsp; He had gone a bit overboard, so she would feel a lot of pain the coming days but well, beauty without pain.&nbsp; He closed her mouth gently.



As for the skin, he complimented himself on a job well done.&nbsp; Every blemish had been removed, all unsightly flaws gone. As his hand glided across the skin from Donna�s shoulder to her hip, he surveyed at the overall picture Donna now created. Even in a tight close-up, she would have a perfect complexion.&nbsp; Maybe she would need one or two additional treatments if a blemish returned but certainly not much more than that.&nbsp; He also had removed her pubic hair from the sides of her vagina, leaving only the hair above. For now. 

The fact that Donna was under orders to shave had made it very painstaking job to permanently remove hair by laser.&nbsp; Normally clients would have been given instructions not to shave.&nbsp; The laser was more effective if hair stubble was easily visible and could be burned off.&nbsp; Now he had to almost dig into her skin to get at the hair to be removed, and that would be certain to make her recovery all the more painful in the coming days.&nbsp; Maybe that�s what Ms. Brendan wanted, he speculated, but it was also possible they forgotten to tell her.&nbsp; Then, the poor thing had just followed her old orders to shave, and so prepared herself for an unwanted torture. 



Her ass crack had been much easier.&nbsp; He rolled her on the side, and opened her ass cheeks to check upon the result.&nbsp; Not much hair there and she had done a less thorough job in shaving.&nbsp; Most likely, she can�t see too well when she shaves there. Anyway, that was all over now. That ass would be hairless for quite a while, he saw. 



Her legs were done too as well as her underarms.&nbsp; He rolled onto her back again. It felt quite smooth but he knew it was also due to the oil on her skin.&nbsp; But her long legs had no more hair and almost every blemish lasered away. They looked fabulous oiled as they were.&nbsp; 



Ms Brendan wanted a �clean canvas� and here it was.&nbsp; This woman was ready to be painted upon. He stood up and admired the naked women one more time.&nbsp; She was indeed a beauty, though a bit old he thought.&nbsp; The doctor turned and left the room, leaving his new patient to sleep.&nbsp; She would need her sleep, he knew, she had still had a party to attend tonight.&nbsp;&nbsp; No doubt, Ms Brendan had something special in mind for her latest �girlfriend�.













 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-05-11T23:56:00Z
  2007-05-11T23:56:00Z
  19
  7832
  44645
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  372
  104
  52373
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






No character is
or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of
this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the
author.

&nbsp;

Copyright 2006 by
Bokkey.

&nbsp;

Story by Bokkey

e-mail:
bokkey2004@yahoo.com

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The Party

&nbsp;

�We're here,�
Ninon said.

&nbsp;

Donna looked out
of the car at Ms. Brendan�s mansion. Lots of cars were parked on the sides of
the street, and the garden in front was full of bright lights. Attendants were
guiding the visitors into the building, valets parking cars, wait staff serving
drinks to the few guest lingering outside in the cold. It looked like any other
ordinary party.

&nbsp;

�We go to the
back.� Ninon said as she slowly drove past the house and took a turn at the
next crossing. �You�re not a guest.� she smiled wickedly at Donna.

&nbsp;

Donna couldn�t
think straight with all the drugs that she recently had been given. Whenever
her mind did clear, she felt pain all over her body. In her 

&nbsp;

mouth, her face,
everywhere where her clothing touched her body, where her body touched the
seat. She was glad when her mind would fog over again, and the pain lessened.
Donna stared vacantly out of the car window from the back seat at the
surroundings of the estate where she had been brought.

&nbsp;

The car drove to
the back of the mansion, though a gate that closed automatically as they passed
and was soon out of sight behind a high fence. Donna had had no idea that there
was a fence that big at the rear of Ms. Brendan�s property. Donna had only seen
the large garden, but now she noticed a large wall that stretched all the way
across the rear, blocking the view of the neighbors. It was obvious that Ms.
Brendan wanted no prying eyes. They drove on to a small, secluded area with a
few small brick buildings. The narrow road was made from the same square
stones, and with the tall trees and the lanterns ablaze, it all seemed so
picturesque. Servants were running between the buildings and over the hill to
the mansion. The houses were obviously used as stock rooms.

&nbsp;

�I�ll help you
get out.� Ninon said as she unbuckled herself. 

&nbsp;

As she walked to
Donna�s side of the car, Ninon stopped to chat with one woman and greeted 

&nbsp;

several others.
Donna noticed that there were only women walking by. Some were waitresses, others
were working help, cooks and the like, just as there would be at any fancy
affair, busy fetching drinks, food, organizing, cleaning. And there were women,
Donna saw, walking around dressed much more inappropriately. A women who looked
to be about Donna's age passed by walking on plateau shoes, fishnet stockings,
a very short skirt, busy buttoning some sort of corset, one that didn�t even
attempt to cover her breasts.

&nbsp;

As Donna followed
the lady walking in the cold over the small hill up to the mansion Ninon
knocked on the window. �Come, get out,� Ninon ordered.� Donna slowly moved and opened her door. Ninon
helped her get out of the car. The cold breeze reminded Donna that she was
wearing only a short skirt and an open blouse. Her inflamed skin couldn�t bear
contact so she had left her blouse unbottoned. Nor had she been capable of
fixing her clothes properly in her drugged state. Feeling funny as she stood,
Donna increasingly grew dizzy even as the cold roused her from her murky state.
She stumbled a bit as Ninon placed her shoulders under Donna's arm and hoisted
her to her feet.

&nbsp;

�Let�s deliver
you.� 

&nbsp;

They walked into
one of the buildings, and then into a room where two young women sat, chatting
with one another.

&nbsp;

�Ah, there is...
Cutty, right?� one of them said, as she got up. 

&nbsp;

The woman was
wearing normal clothes, even a bit scruffy, and sneakers. When Donna saw the
comfy footwear, she felt her feet ache in their high heels. It had been a long
time since Donna's feet had felt sneakers - too long; Donna envied the girl.

&nbsp;

�Come ... let me
have a look.,� the girl said. �Sonia help me out here, she's got to undress
completely, also the shoes.�

&nbsp;

She took the
slumbering Donna over from Ninon, and as she steadied Donna upright, the other
woman, Sonia, started to pull off Donna's tiny skirt.

&nbsp;

�Okay, I can see
that Cutty's in good hands. Here�s her bag ... with all of the requested
accessories. I will go home now, it�s been a long day.� Ninon 

&nbsp;

said as she
placed one of Donna�s large handbags on a chair. It contained 'Lenny' Donna
knew, but what else? And why?

&nbsp;

Donna didn�t have
time to think about it, as she was striped naked and led to a table with paint
cans on it. On the ground nearby newspapers were spread to protect the floor.
Expertly, they cuffed her hands, pulled them above her head and clipped them to
a ring in the ceiling. A ball gag was forced in to her gapping mouth. All of
this was intensely painful despite the fact that Donna was sedated. Her pain
nerves were working overtime.

&nbsp;

�There, that�s
done,� the first woman said with a tone of triumph as Donna hung helplessly
from the ceiling. 

&nbsp;

She proceeded to
tie Donna�s hair straight backwards, painfully stretching the skin on her
forehead. Donna moaned into her gag, but with her tongue anesthetized she made
little noise. Donna buckled a bit but even her squirming was barely noticed.
The women placed earplugs in her ears, deafening her totally. Sonia fetched a
leather mask and gave it to the other woman, who pulled it over Donna�s head,
blinding her. The straps at the back were fastened tight, and the leather
painfully pulled on the much abused skin on her face. Donna squirmed once more
in pain. She was happy that the anesthesia the doctor had given her was still
working but knew this treatment would cause her a lot of pain in the coming
days. The doctor had told her to be very careful with the new skin the first
days. 

&nbsp;

Donna panicked as
now she was blind, deaf, and numb, totally helpless.

&nbsp;

�Test..test ...
test. Can you hear us? If you can hear us please nod, Cutty.�

&nbsp;

The earplugs were
small headphones. Donna nodded, glad she could hear something again. Someone
detached a strip of leather from her eyes and Donna could see. She looked
straight into the eyes of the sneaker girl, who held up a microphone.

&nbsp;

�Now you can see
and hear us�� and everything went silent again. Donna saw the girl scream into
the mike.

&nbsp;

�Okay, it seems
to be working.� The voice was back again. �Now you just keep still and follow
our commands.� 

&nbsp;

Everything went
silent again and they replaced the leather blindfold. They adjusted the mask
again. Donna noticed that the mask left her face visible and covered only her
hair and from below her jaw. They were coating her body with something warm,
and sticky. The two women covered her entire body -- legs, arms breasts, ass,
everything.� Donna felt the gooey liquid
quickly dry and stretch itself onto her skin. They kept on �painting� her and
Donna wondered what they were doing to her. The material began to irritate her
supersensitive skin but she had no way to tell them, apart from some
misunderstood wiggling. When they finished, Donna felt she had been coated all
over with some rubbery substance, like a thick paint. 

&nbsp;

They left her for
like an eternity hanging, unable to see or hear anything. As she dangled, the
material clung to her skin ever tighter as it dried, increasing her pain.

&nbsp;

&quot;They have
to know that I am not supposed to put anything on my skin for days. But now
they coated me with some sort of paint,&quot; Donna wondered. &quot;How could
they, how could Ninon let them do this?&quot; 

&nbsp;

Hanging from the
ceiling, bound and drugged, Donna realized there was little that should could
do now and just hoped for the best. 

&nbsp;

&quot;They must
know what they�re doing, or else Ms. Brendan wouldn�t have put me through an
entire skin treatment, would she?&quot; Donna tried to convince herself,
without much success.

&nbsp;

After what seemed
like ages, she was released from the ceiling and nearly collpased to the floor.
Sneaker girl guided her to a chair, where the two of them started to do her
fingers. Donna could felt them applying paint to them. She wondered more and
more what they were doing to her. How did she look? She could smell the paint,
nail polish. They did her toe nails too and fitted high heels back on her feet.
The shoes were locked onto her ankles. She was lifted and made to stand. She
knew they were checking her out as she was several times turned around. 

&nbsp;

Without thinking,
Donna posed for them. At least they were paying attention to her. It had been
horrible to be left alone with nothing to see or hear. Just alone with her
drug-fogged mind and the pain. 

&nbsp;

She felt them
correct certain parts on her body, repainting here and there. They focused
after a while on her vagina. Donna felt her juices leaking, and from their
touches, the way that they pinched her, she understood that was a problem.

&nbsp;

�Stand still� she
heard through her earphones. It startled her and she stiffened. She had been so
long without a sound. She felt something sharp splitting the coating between
her legs. 

&nbsp;

�Look at that!�
she heard Sonia say. 

&nbsp;

Donna felt her
cumulated juices flow freely. With several towels, they wiped her wet thighs
clean. 

&nbsp;

�She�s almost
squirting all the time. We've got to stop the flow.�

&nbsp;

�Turn off the
mike.�

&nbsp;

And everything
fell silent again. Donna could feel them cut away a part of the coating,
leaving her vagina and ass available. It was extremely painful when they pulled
off pieces of the thick paint, or whatever it was they coated on her. Her
sensitive skin burned, and she was happy she was still numb, so the pain didn�t
register fully. But it didn�t go away neither. She felt the cold soothing air
of the room breathing onto her lower lips and her asshole. 

&nbsp;

&quot;It must be flaming
red,&quot; Donna told herself as she stood still, &quot;I feel it strangely
tingling.&quot; 

&nbsp;

She felt them
insert a tampon or something very much like one inside her vagina, probably to
stop the flow. Again she was turned around several times and she knew they were
discussing something again.

&nbsp;

�Hold still
again,� Donna heard through the earphones. She wished that her attendants would
leave the earphones on. The silence was scary and the absence of sound left her
with nothing but her pain to think about. Made her feel her skin, her aching
discomfort, with much more intensity. 

&nbsp;

Donna stood still
and felt a knife cut very carefully about her nipple. They gently pulled away
bits of the thick material. A much larger area than between her legs was now
exposed and it hurt all the more for that. She felt her nipples and part of the
areola made bare and left burning. They stroked her nipples to make them harder
and finish whatever it was they were doing to her. Now her asshole, vagina and
nipples were exposed, and she wondered what would be next.

&nbsp;

�This looks
better, having just her vagina exposed won't do,� she heard Sneaker Girl
snicker.

&nbsp;

�Yes,� Sonia
agreed, � although I liked it better when she was fully covered. But she is
leaking too much. Even the tampon will have to be replaced regularly so we
can�t cover her up.�

&nbsp;

�It�s okay. I�m
sure Ms. Brendan and her guest will love the look. And this way, they can play
a bit with her. Let�s finish up.�

&nbsp;

They started to
check her body again, and turned her around, gently guiding her to pose.

&nbsp;

�Oh, the mike is
still on!� and with that Donna plunged back into her silent private world.
Donna sighed as she understood she would be exposed to strangers one more time.
Naked, and with some weird coating on her body. But she was too drugged, too
numb, to really care, she just took notice, and followed the girls commands.
She worried more about the pain. Whatever was on her was painful when it was
removed. How awful would it be once removed from the rest of her body? They fitted
a collar around her neck, a thick one, forcing her head to lift up, and next
she was pulled by a leash.

&nbsp;

&quot;Just as
Ninon trained me yesterday,&quot; Donna thought, &quot;it figures�&quot;

&nbsp;

She walked
awkwardly to the direction in which the leash pulled her. She actually even
expected them to make her kneel just like Ninon, but instead they just dragged
her out into the cold, and up the hill towards the party.

&nbsp;

She welcomed the
warmth of the mansion but even in her drugged state Donna started to panic.
They were going to exposed her to the guests -- naked, painted, totally
helpless. And she couldn�t hear a thing except her own heartbeat! In silence,
she was guided through the house, compounding her fears. Who was looking at
her? What were they going to do to her? When the procession finally stopped,
Donna was positioned. Her legs spread a bit, her arms raised up, wrists and
ankles cuffed, stretched just the way it had been done when they painted her.
She was completely immobile when they finished. Her legs were attached to the
floor and she couldn�t move an inch. Her body was stretched so tightly that she
couldn�t even bend an arm. All she could do was wiggle a bit. Suddenly, she was
alone. Her female attendants had left her once they finished putting her on
display. 

&nbsp;

Donna knew she
was completely exposed. Anyone could see her breasts, nipples, her vagina, her
ass, and she couldn�t do a thing about it. And where was she? Who was looking
at her? Was she just tied in a closet? She had no idea. As she stood trying to
guess what might come next, she could feel the drugs wearing off. Slowly yes,
but it was happening even so, and in turn she felt pain, insidious aches and
inflammations all over her body. 

&nbsp;

Everywhere where
the paint was applied to her skin, where the cuffs touched her body, where the
leather of her mask was tightly pressed on her skin, it hurt.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh
no,&quot; Donna panicked, &quot;the pain will be unbearable. How could they do
this to me? How am I going to get this horrible paint off me without hurting
myself even more, without turning myself into some sort of freak show? Was that
the plan of Ms. Brendan's plan all along, to turn me into something outrageous,
to destroy me? But why? Why would she do that?&quot; 

&nbsp;

Donna writhed and
bucked against the straps that held her tight, and moaned as loud as she could,
trying to get someone�s attention, to get help.

&nbsp;

After a while,
Donna calmed down and surrendered to her plight. It was no use; every move was
painful. It was best to just stand still, when the numbness the drugs caused
wasn't there to protect her. More and more, she began to understand what Hell
was awaiting her in the future as her anesthesia wore off. On the other hand,
her head had begun to clear so that she could sense more of her surroundings.
She could sense people walking around, and she felt music, a soft booming
vibration. She wasn�t in a closet, she was in an open space, filled with
people. And these people were probably watching her.

&nbsp;

Suddenly she felt
fingers, nails touching her free nipples. It hurt but she was glad someone at
least had noticed her. She moaned as loud as she could, and shook her head. The
fingers just kept softly playing with her nipples, and then also with her
leaking vagina. They touched her bruised nether lips, and soon a finger entered
her asshole too.

&nbsp;

&quot;Stop this
please!&quot; she thought. &quot;Just let me out, help me!&quot; But no one
could hear her thoughts, and they neglected her mewling into her gag.

&nbsp;

Then a soft wet
tongue touched her vagina. The softness, gentleness, of the touch was amazing,
and her vagina reacted almost immediately, producing a veritable flood of
female juices. 

&nbsp;

&quot;This feels
good... so good...&quot; Donna thought surprised as she finally felt something
other than pain at every touch. 

&nbsp;

The tongue
gently, softly, explored her outer lips, and gently moved inside. She just felt
the tongue, no teeth, no lips. Donna loved the feeling, the caresses. She was
in desperate need of some kindness amid all the abuse and pain. And focusing on
the tongue made the pain in the rest of her body bearable, forgettable. She
almost automatically gave the tongue full access by spreading her thighs as far
as her bondage allowed, jutting hips forward and her vagina out. She wanted to
show whoever it was that she liked it, that she was grateful.

&nbsp;

&quot;This is
obscene,&quot; Donna admitted as she did so, ashamed at her own actions. 

&nbsp;

&quot;But I can�t
help it. It�s so good to have someone licking me so gently. And anyway, I�m
already obscenely exposed for all to see,&quot; she rationalized to herself.
&quot;It's nothing more than what those people expect from me right now anyway.
I might as well enjoy the moment and let myself enjoy how good it feels.&quot;

&nbsp;

And so she did.
Having overcome her shame a bit she just let the good feeling, her arousal
raced ahead. The tongue gently played with her lips and she gently bucked with
her hips in synchronization, guiding the tongue to the places where she wanted
it to be. And the tongue happily obliged and continued to explore her vagina.
The soft touches were wonderful, exhilarating, a true relief.

&nbsp;

Suddenly, she
heard soft sounds again, coming from her earphones. As the sound got louder,
she recognized that she was listening to her own recording of her fuck sessions
with Robert.

&nbsp;

&quot;No,&quot;
Donna squirmed, still enjoying the tongue but brought crashing back to reality.
&quot;This is cruel!&quot; 

&nbsp;

Her mind was now
thinking of Robert, of her family, and she knew that was Ms. Brendan's purpose.
She thought of the weekend, remembered so many fucks. She thought of how she
had betrayed her family and her shame returned full force. She fought hard with
herself to stop her submission to the terrible kinky pleasure that she was
feeling. It was too much, so wrong to succumb to this obscene sex game, watched
by many men and women, all the while listening to Donna's falsely enthusiastic
fuck sounds.

&nbsp;

&quot;They want
me to think of Robert fucking me as they lick me.&quot; As bad as that was, at
the same time Donna knew it was working. When she fought the tongue, tried to
move her body away, her movements only caused her more hurt while allowing the
tongue to have its way with her, even though obscene, was nice, wonderful. 

&nbsp;

Helpless to
resist and exhausted, Donna surrendered to the psychological torture, and just
imagined it was Robert licking her. She imagined his hands on her body, molding
her breasts, her hips, her ass, her thighs. Just like they wanted her to do.

&nbsp;

&quot;I can�t
help it,� she hopelessly sobbed. &quot;That tongue is too nice; it feels too
good. I just need some relief from the pain. I can�t force myself to fight it
anymore...� She cried a few tears as she lost what little remained of her self
esteem. They had won.

&nbsp;

&quot;They're all
watching me, laughing at me, enjoying my humiliation,&quot; Donna cringed.
&quot;But it's impossible to fight, my body is reacting to their touches no
matter what I do. I'm trained that way now. I can't help myself. It is either
pain or sexual relief,&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;That�s how
they force me to comply. And even my body is by now betraying me.&quot; Then
she tried to convince herself once again &quot;It is just natural, anybody
would give in.&quot;

&nbsp;

The tongue
meanwhile continued to lick her juices away outside her vagina. Then it worked
its way back in, softly touching her battered inside, as if to heal it with its
touch. Donna rolled her hips more in response, again loving every moment of it,
while she fought off feelings of remorse, shame, and degradation. She found
that once she surrendered it became easy to freely imagine it was Robert, and
to freely enjoy the tongue. The noise of her own fuck sessions now only made it
easier for her, and she embraced lurid fantasies where Robert was licking her,
made her orgasm again and again, moaning in sync with her own screams coming
from the speakers in her ears.

&nbsp;

The tongue
finally, and ever gently licked its way up to her clit. Gently the tongue
withdrew, and as a cool breeze brushed over her opened vagina, its tip touched
her clit softly. It tipped it a few times, making her shiver of joy every time.

&nbsp;

How wonderful!
Donna loved the feeling of the cool breeze and the gentle tip of the warm
tongue. She hungered for release. Donna wanted to keep this good feeling; she
wanted, needed the impending orgasm. Totally distracted from her pain, away
from the cruel world that trapped her 

&nbsp;

&quot;... Yes,
Yes, Yes!!,&quot; Donna screamed in her mind. New images of her husband taking
her brutally, hovering above her, his eyes full of lust for her. She loved him
so much. She could see his hard cock ramming into her pussy, both of them
crazed with lust as they used to be in the beginning. How good this felt, how
hot she was.

&nbsp;

But then the
tongue stopped. Donna waited a few moments, expecting the tongue to reappear,
but it soon dawned on her it was over.

&nbsp;

&quot;Noooo ...!�
she bucked a few times, arched her hips forward, searching for the tongue, but
she found nothing. 

&nbsp;

She was left
hanging in her highly aroused state, juices leaking, almost spurting from her
vagina. The now cold breeze flowed across her wet lips, her opened vagina,
making it all the more clear how badly she needed release.

&nbsp;

&quot;No!,&quot;
Donna screamed into her gag and bucked in her bondage &quot;No, no no!!!&quot; 

&nbsp;

But the tongue
still didn�t return and she was left hanging with the sounds of her own fucking
ringing in her ears. Breathing heavily, frantically she started to imagine more
explicit sex scenes: Robert fucking her, fucking her from behind, straddling
him, sucking him off, him licking her pussy. She dredged up memories of their
weekend fuck matches, imagined his long hard dick, licking it, putting it in
her cunt, fucking it. All to just get off, to avoid the pain she felt coming.
And when that failed, she imagined faceless, muscular men, white men, black
men, groups of men taking her. She thought of the porn pictures, the nastiest
of the movies she had seen over the past months, desperate to find anything
that would get her off but it was to no avail. She felt her arousal stall and
begin to fade, then rapidly subside as the pain took over again until finally,
broken, she hung her head in defeat. 

&nbsp;

Her heart pounded
wildly, she was covered in sweat, and tortured by the knowledge that her
audience had seen her in her most intimate state. And with the pain's return,
so did her shame. And with the shame, her anger at herself blossomed. She had
allowed herself to be played once again. She just knew they were laughing at
her, so self-satisfied and arrogant, enjoying Donna's terrible predicament. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Damn you
all!&quot; She cursed them silently, tears of frustration welling up in her
eyes. &quot;Damn you all!!&quot;

&nbsp;

The pain was back
with more force than ever before. Her sexual arousal and then her anger had
washed away the last remnants of the drugs in her system, and now she felt her
body beginning to tremble with growing agony. Her skin burned everywhere, save
for the small spaces where none of the paint touched her body. At that same
time, she was exhausted from her endless day of abuse, made worse by having
hung on display for such a long time. For what seemed an eternity, Donna
dangled there, in pain, surrounded by the sounds of her endless fucking. Almost
without realizing, Donna drowsed off into something like sleep.

&nbsp;

Without warning
Donna's head was lifted roughly and her blindfold was removed. Donna blinked in
the sudden light coming in her eyes, and groaned in surprise. She desperately
hoped that whoever it was would now untie her, or at least her arms. When she
could see clearly, Donna saw Ms. Brendan in front of her, joined by another
woman. They were discussing Donna, inspecting her. Donna made eye contact with
Ms. Brendan, who smiled back as she and other woman chatted on about her. Donna
knew that something was coming, that she was not about to be be untied just
yet. Ms Brendan was dressed in a black evening dress with shawl, black medium
heeled shoes, her hair loose, freshly cut. Her face was made up with red
lipstick as its only accent. She wore bits of jewelry that showed off her
wealth. But even how simply cut her designer clothing was, her character, her
dominance, showed through. 

&nbsp;

The woman with
Ms. Brendan had a different presence. A black and white evening dress, dark
blond hair, face neatly made up, beautiful shoes. But she had a friendly smile
and eyes, as she observed Donna. Both of them were of a similar age, Donna
guessed. 

&nbsp;

She had expected
to see her torturers in extravagant fetish clothing, all whips and leather. Yet
the two women standing in front of her looked as if they were attending one
more perfectly lovely and entirely ordinary party, just as how everything had
looked from the outside when Donna first drove by the house. Only when she
looked passed them it become clear that there was quite a different party going
on.

&nbsp;

Donna saw she was
standing on a landing, half way up the wide stairs that leaded to the living
room that she knew so well. The furniture had been moved, and the whole living
room was now filled with large red comfortable sofas, pillowed chairs, all in
the form more or less of female lips. Between those small white podia where
everywhere. 

&nbsp;

Everywhere you
looked lipstick, brushes, where decorating the room. All red of course. Some
models very large, some small. The decorator had really gone overboard, they
were everywhere you looked. The white painted walls were decorated stylish with
pictures and paintings with the same theme, red lips. Either just the face of a
woman with big red lips, or just red lips alone. Also several very large
statues of lip sticks were against the walls. The room was brightly lit, making
it easy for everyone to see everything that was going on. Not the obscure dark
dungeon she had expected.

&nbsp;

Everywhere people
were sitting, standing, moving around just like in a normal cocktail party.
Only now various women, girls, walked through them who were naked, or partly
naked. And if dressed, it was obscene. Apart from that everyone chatted with
each other, mingled, just as you would see in any ordinary party. 

&nbsp;

Donna�s eyes
locked on a women, naked on a small stage below Donna and to her right, who was
fucking herself with a long, pink, slickly-wet dildo. She was on her back, with
her hips and ass high in the air, legs splayed, her high heels firmly planted
on the floor, showing exactly what she was doing to a group of women sitting
together below. The woman was really putting on a show, moving wildly, shaking
her head in ecstasy. She was thrusting her hips wildly on the dildo as she
pumped the dildo roughly into her cunt. All the while smiling, and at times
even conversing with her audience. The women looked like an aged pornstar. Her
skin was tanned just like Donna, but she had also various tattoos on her body
-- on her right calf, on her upper arm a band, and on her clearly fake left
breast. Donna couldn�t see clearly, but something was also glittering at her
nipples and belly button. The woman's fake platinum blond hair was tied
straight backwards into a ponytail. Her face was made up with red rouge, or she
was just flushing from her actions. Donna couldn�t tell. Even though her face
was made up heavily, Donna could see that the woman was older than she was,
probably in her late forties, early fifties. Her body was shining in the
spotlight, probably oiled, but it was also sweaty. The woman had been going at
it for quite a while, Donna guessed. What made it all the more obscene was the
fact that the onlookers for whom she was performing paid her little, if any,
attention. They were busy talking among themselves, glancing from time to time
at the women giving her best, sometimes even commenting to her on her
performance. Donna had no doubt that many of their remarks were cruel, given
their arrogant laughter; yet the woman kept her smile and did her best to give
a good show.

&nbsp;

On the side of
the room, where the glass doors led to the garden terrace, was a bar. In it,
two women were attending to the needs of the women lounging by the bar. As they
were close by, Donna could see their attire very well. The two were dressed in
stereotypical erotic black and white waitress dresses, with black stockings,
the white apron, the white vest, their breasts pushed up in a corset, their fake
platinum blond hair up, and their faces made up with long fake eye lashes. The
outlines heavily painted with black, and dark red lipstick abundantly applied
to their lips. They were all smiles as they served drinks, and occasionally
allowed the guests to touch them, usually bending over so they could pinch
their tight trapped breast, or paint on them with the lipsticks in various red
colors laying on the bar.

&nbsp;

As Donna moved
her eyes to yet another corner, she saw a larger stage opposite of her on the
other side of the room where two women were pole dancing. The stage was also
decorated with big fake lipstick tubes, even the poles were thin golden tubes,
as were the spotlights. She recognized Rebecca, or should she say �Red
Pussycat�. It made sense she was here as one of the performers. 

&nbsp;

&quot;She has
experienced what I�m experiencing now,&quot; Donna thought. &quot;She, her
family, have been taken over by Ms. Brendan, or one of her friends.&quot; 

&nbsp;

At that thought,
she looked more closely at the crowed, trying to make sense of the different
roles. Ms.Bredan's guests were all dressed as if attending a cocktail party
while the unfortunate women who were there as her sexual subjects were acting
out roles that ranged from the tawdry to the pornographic. It reminded Donna of
the new rules of the strict regime that she now lived under.

&nbsp;

Next to the
dancing stage, two women were busy fucking each other, with dildos and even a
whip handle. An enthusiastic audience watched and applauded the two women of
whom one was much older than the other. They were dressed in fishnet stockings,
garter belts, push up bra�s that left their large breasts exposed. One of the
women wore fishnet gloves that covered her arms to the shoulder. Each had tied
her hair up in a pony tail, just as so many others had, and had applied heavy,
sluttish make up to their faces. Apart from licking each other, they penetrated
each other with several dildos of the many lying about. The audience
participated by fondling the women, or more often than not, roughly feeling up
their private parts. In the brief time that Donna watched the show, she saw a
woman pulling on of the labia of the older woman, stretching her tender flesh
painfully, even while the woman herself didn�t even blink, too busy with the
dildo up her ass and the dildo she was jerking into the younger woman�s vagina.

&nbsp;

A sharp pain in
her nipple brought her back at attention. Ms. Brendan's companion had pinched
her nipple. She hadn�t really pinched that hard but in Donna's worked-up state,
it was enough to make her moan and bring still more tears to her already
reddened eyes. The woman looked Donna in the eye, and turned to make a comment
to Ms. Brendan as she positioned herself in front of Donna and started to
inspect her. Her hands molded Donna�s breasts, lifting her nipples painfully
for a close up. Next she roughly checked Donna�s mouth, inspecting her teeth
wrapped around the gag, feeling Donna's ass at the same time. At the end, she
slid two fingers inside Donna�s wet pussy. Then, she stepped back and held up
the wet fingers as she looked at the miserable Donna hanging in front of her.
With a friendly smile she looked at Donna, while she continued her chat with
Ms. Brendan. She then looked around for something and called a young women
over.

&nbsp;

The girl who was
called over was young, in her twenties, and beautiful. She reminded Donna of
Julie, if a bit older, and of darker complex. She looked like a Latin girl. The
girl had long black straight hair, which hung halfway down her back. She was
completely naked apart from black stockings and the ever present high heels.
She walked confident of her beauty, swaying her hips and arms to flaunt her
perfect figure. Her skin was toned nicely, a slightly darker shade than
Donna�s. Probably due to the natural darker skin the girl had. Her small
breasts jiggled naughtily as she walked quickly up the stairs. Donna just knew
the girl did this on purpose. 

&nbsp;

When she arrived,
Donna could see just how gorgeous this girl actually was. Her face was sharp in
a way that suggested she might be Indian. It was only slightly made up. Black
eyeliner, black mascara on her lashes, some rouge, and dark red lipstick. Her
face needed nothing more to be perfect. To complete her face, she wore two pair
of earrings, one consisting of several long hoops, the other a gold chain with
red stones. It made her look sophisticated, intelligent, were it not that she
was stark naked. Her body was perfect, a firm, round and petite ass, no belly,
her hair nicely trimmed above her pussy, shaved into a small triangle. The
stockings showed how perfectly shaped her long legs were. She might as well
have done without the stockings as they were long and feminine. As she stood
there, she stood with pride; she showed no shame of her nakedness. No, on the contrary,
she smiled wickedly at the women who had called her over, knowing that she
looked gorgeous and was turning them on. Donna noticed she even stood in one of
the poses that Ninon taught Donna, only the girl did it naturally.

&nbsp;

Donna felt
admiration for the girl. She was in control, she was proud of her body, and she
knew how to show it. And she had no shame in showing herself naked. How
different she was! Donna felt ashamed as she hung in her chains, in agony,
vulgar, her private parts bluntly on display to all, most of it whom, it
seemed, didn't care enough to bother to look at her. Donna was just one more of
the many �attractions� of the party, and obviously not the most interesting. 

&nbsp;

At that moment,
Ms. Brendan's companion held out her wet fingers to the girl, who with a smile
bent forward and licked Donna's juices cleanly from them. She even sucked the
fingers into her mouth. Donna was appalled at how the girl behaved. She looked
like someone who had everything going for her, yet here she was behaving like a
little slut. It was disgusting and demeaning. The girl even looked at Donna
with a smile, looking straight into her eyes, showing no remorse at all. It
completely ruined the perfect mental picture Donna had of this girl. She was a
slut at heart, a despicable person who probably played the whore without
regret, at this party and maybe in real life too.

&nbsp;

Ms. Brendan's
companion spoke to the girl after she finished sucking the woman's fingers
clean. Donna saw Ms. Brendan stop them. Ms. Brendan walked over to Donna and
switched something on the back of her head attached to her� mask.

&nbsp;

�..now she can
hear us too. I think it is good for her,� Donna heard Ms. Brendan say as she
stepped back.

&nbsp;

The earphones
were on now and Donna could hear the music and the murmur of the party. The
music was a rather loud beat, obviously meant for the dancers. In the
background, she still could hear the sound of her own fucking coming from the
mics. 

&nbsp;

With all of that,
she had to concentrate hard to have any chance to understand what was being
said by the group in front of her.

&nbsp;

�So, as I asked,
how long have you been a party girl?� Ms. Brendan's companion asked the slender
girl.

&nbsp;

�Well, this
actually is my first real party. I�ve only been in this scene for two months
now,� the girl said with a smile. �And of that, the first month was more
training than anything else.�

&nbsp;

�You don�t say?�
Ms. Brendan said in fake surprise.

&nbsp;

�I met Ms.
Hodgings two months ago when she kind of abducted me from a student party. She
put me through a rough first month after which I was convinced this was what I
wanted to do.�

&nbsp;

�She abducted
you?� Ms. Brendan asked.

&nbsp;

�Yeah, more or
less.� The girl said. The other woman was fondling her breasts and her hand
slid down to the girl's nether regions at which the girl spread her legs a bit
for easy access, giving the woman an approving smile. �I was at this frat party
and when I left she took me into her car, or her chauffeur did. I was afraid at
first, you know, with all the weird things happening lately but it all worked
out fine.�

&nbsp;

�So you study?�
ms Brendan asked.

&nbsp;

�Used to.� The
girl nodded �Now I�m a full time party girl. I just took a sabbatical from my
studies. Even gave up my room and all. I told my parents I needed some time to
find myself and now here I am. I don�t know if I ever will continue my studies,
this new life is so... amazing.�

&nbsp;

�And that you
decided in just two months?�

&nbsp;

�I�m a smart
girl. I knew what my possibilities were and I just figured it was best to embrace
this new life. I mean...� the girl explained �...after a month's training I had
done things sexually and was able to please people sexually in so many way...
it seemed a waste to go back to the mundane life of a student.�

&nbsp;

�It sure would
be.� the other women said. 

&nbsp;

Ms. Brendan's
companion was obviously in lust for this girl. She was constantly touching,
plowing the girls body, which in turn the girl allowed and even encouraged by
giving her easy access to all her beauty.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah, so
now I�m here, flown in all the way from the other coast to give you all the
pleasure of my body.�

&nbsp;

�Rough ride?�

&nbsp;

�I see you know
Ms. Hodgings, Ma�am,� the girl replied to ms Brendan with a knowing smile.
�Yes, it was a bit rough. She stuffed me in a crate and had that big dildo
pushed up my ass. I was in pain all the way.� 

&nbsp;

She pointed to a
large dildo standing straight up on a table below them. �Luckily she allowed me
to pull it out when we arrived here.�

&nbsp;

�You seem to take
all this quite easy. Especially for someone who only endured these things for
two months,� Ms. Brendan observed. 

&nbsp;

Donna knew that
Ms. Brendan wanted to make a point, to show Donna how things could be if she
just surrendered.

&nbsp;

�Indeed, Ma�am �
the girl nodded, as she kissed the palm of the hand of the other women as it
caressed her face. �But as I said, I�m smart. I know a good deal when I see
one. I just weighed my options, and this is the best one. A pure 'win-win'. I
get to have sex as much and as often as a girl my age could ever wish, and Ms.
Hodgings, and you all, get to enjoy all the pleasures my body and mind can
bring you.�

&nbsp;

Ms Brendan looked
Donna in the eye at that response and the amazed Donna understood the lesson
that had just been taught. This beautiful girl has been abducted from a
university, and turned into a whore in just a mere two months. How horrible
could this Ms. Hodgings be? And how can this girl take it so easily? She walks
like she is the most experienced call girl. She has no problem with people
obscenely groping her body, and she tells her story so... so matter of factly,
with no hint of shame, no remorse.

&nbsp;

Donna wondered if
the girl really was telling the truth. It couldn�t be; it was impossible that a
girl would give up everything just to become a mere slave, a whore. But the
example wasn�t wasted on her. She knew Ms. Brendan wanted Donna to see that
others had no problem submitting to this degraded life style, and as she looked
again about the party room, she saw all these whores happily doing their job, or
so it seemed. Everyone of them had submitted. They had given up any hope of
resistance and had embraced their new life.

&nbsp;

A third woman
came into view, who joined Ms. Brendan and her friend. This newcomer was older
and had her black hair cut short, grey streaks of hair clearly visible. She
wore a stylish black suit, complete with jacket and long pants.

&nbsp;

�Well, well,
well, what have we here?� she said as she checked out the Latin girl in front
of her. �A true beauty, isn�t she?�

&nbsp;

�Indeed she is,
Carol, indeed she is.� The other woman agreed.

&nbsp;

�And this?� the
older women, Carol, asked, nodding towards Donna.

&nbsp;

�One of my latest
girlfriends,� Ms Brendan explained.

&nbsp;

�A naughty one,
seeing you tied her up in a rather uncomfortable way.�

&nbsp;

�Oh, that�s about
half of it, � Ms. Brendan replied. �She has disappointed me on several
occasions and refuses to accept her inner feelings. So now she is in therapy
and has agreed to have her body upgraded to a woman�s liking.�

&nbsp;

&quot;She has
difficulty getting out of the closet?� Carol walked over to Donna and looked
her up and down, checking how she was chained.

&nbsp;

�Sort of,� Ms
Brendan agreed. �But she is a beauty isn�t she?�

&nbsp;

�She would make a
good lesbian, for sure�� The woman said, still checking out Donna.

&nbsp;

�Why is she so
jumpy to every touch?� She asked as Donna squirmed as her hands molded her
breasts, her waist. 

&nbsp;

She bend down out
of Donna's view. �� And this is her family?�

&nbsp;

Donna was
surprised as Carol came up with a picture frame in her hands. She recognized it
as being the one on the side table in her living room. It was a family shot
taken about 6 months ago.

&nbsp;

�Yes, she is
married and has two lovely daughters,� Ms Brendan acknowledged.

&nbsp;

�I just knew
there was more to it than just this old woman.� Carol said with a smile as her
fingers traced over the picture.

&nbsp;

Donna squirmed at
the remark. Was it true? Was Ms Brendan only after her daughters? Donna knew it
could well be true; she had seen all the younger whores in the room. But Ms.
Brendan surely knew that Donna would do everything to keep her daughters out of
it! Or what she would do if they hurt her daughters! Donna wriggled in
frustration as she thought of what might be coming. Either she had to fight Ms
Brendan, and maybe even this whole group to protect her girls, or she had to
submit to Ms. Brendan exactly as she wanted and trade herself for the safety of
her daughters. 

&nbsp;

Both options were
bad. Worse, neither way had a guarantee of success.

&nbsp;

&quot;No...,&quot;
she convinced herself. &quot;Ms Brendan likes me, she isn�t into such young
girls. The only one in her crowd close to my daughters' ages is her chauffeur,
and even that girl is years older.&quot;

&nbsp;

Donna looked into
Ms Brendan's eyes, hoping for pity. Surprisingly Ms. Brendan gave her a
reassuring look. Donna returned it with a grateful one. &quot;Yes, she is after
me. I am the one that she wants. If I just keep her satisfied, my daughters
will be safe, and can live their own lives.&quot;

&nbsp;

�Oh, she�s all
wound up right now.�� Carol taunted when
she saw the chained Donna's frantic movements. 

&nbsp;

She looked Donna
straight in the eye. �And tell me about her husband. Is he a wimp?�

&nbsp;

�He works for me.
I send him off to Asia for long periods of time so I can freely mold Cutty
here,� Ms. Brendan answered. �He�s actually very good in his work. I pay her
now to entertain him, as a sort of bonus for him.�

&nbsp;

�Oh, I see. And
this is the contract, her first!� Carol had her contract to work as a whore in
her hands, reading it curiously. 

&nbsp;

Donna began to
understand that her private life was on display too, not just her naked body.

&nbsp;

�How sweet...�
The woman caressed Donna nipple with a the tip of a corner of a page from her
contract. How could this get any worse? What else was on display?

&nbsp;

�... and a
diary!� Carol exclaimed in faux joy, answering Donna unspoken question. She
obviously was enjoying the discomfort that she was bringing Donna. 

&nbsp;

Donna was now
getting agitated at her, but there was nothing that she could do. Donna saw the
woman lift her diary and flip through the pages. Ms. Brendan's companion peeked
over Carol's shoulder. They were reading Donna's own words, even if they were
forced ones, telling about all of the disgusting things she had done, all the
lies she had penned down.

&nbsp;

�A complete slut,
totally out of control. Poor husband, eh?� Carol concluded after reading a few
short episodes.

&nbsp;

�Well now, he
benefited too, now didn�t he?� The other woman noted as she gave a Donna a
suggestive smile. 

&nbsp;

Donna felt all
the more naked now these women knew the worst secrets of her private life.
Everything Ms. Brendan had done to her was exposed to these women. Actually, to
everyone who would take his time to pick up the book. Bridgette had looked at
Donna's diary too, she recalled; and nothing good could come from that either.
She blocked that thought out as quickly as possible. What a mess her life was
turning into. 

&nbsp;

�And you have her
on Lenny!� Carol continued, as she gave the diary to her mate, who browsed on
and with much interest. �I thought that was over?�

&nbsp;

�Well yes, but
she needed extra attention and so I brought him back,� Ms Brendan conceded. �It
wasn�t easy, but...�

&nbsp;

The older woman
looked in fake awe at the large black dildo. �Well, once this fits, she can
take anything. She will be so happy that you went through all this trouble to
teach her.�

&nbsp;

�Well, up to now
she hasn�t really showed much true appreciation, but I expect she will soon.�

&nbsp;

�And why doesn�t
she have red lipstick?�

&nbsp;

�She just went
through laser surgery on her skin so it's unwise to put make up on, might ruin
the skin.�

&nbsp;

�That explains
why she's so jumpy. And this doesn�t?� The older woman went with her hand over
the material covering almost all of Donna�s body.

&nbsp;

�The latex can
cause irritation for some people but also can act like a bandage while she
heals. It's entirely breathable and washable. Trust me when I say that her
latex covering will not put her training off a day.�

&nbsp;

�But it will be
painful to remove,� the woman observed.

&nbsp;

�Certainly, you
are right; indeed, it's even painful now as the material bound itself ever
tighter to her sensitive skin while it dried,� Ms Brendan explained. �And as
for taking it off� I doubt much will get off in the coming days. Not without
much pain.�

&nbsp;

�An additional
punishment.� Carol nodded, �That also explains the awful green color.�

&nbsp;

Donna listened to
the conversation and started to understand her own predicament. This latex
stuff would be on her for some time. How could she show up at her grandmother�s
house dressed with this suite? For the first time, she looked at her arm and
down her body. The color was indeed awful, an ugly dark green. She would be the
freak of the family.

&nbsp;

Ms. Brendan
walked up to Donna and switch off her earphones, leaving Donna to listen to her
own orgasmic screams together with Robert�s grunting on what promised to be an
endless loop. Donna felt such shame as she thought of Robert and how Ms.
Brendan manipulated him. How humiliated he would be if he found out! How angry
if he knew how she betrayed him. How she had no backbone at all. 

&nbsp;

Carol apparently
had lost interest in Donna and took the young party girl away by her arm. They
walked upstairs and out of Donna's limited view. She could guess what they
would soon be doing.� Another couple were
going up the steps too as a satisfied guest came down, stopping to chat briefly
on the steps. Ms Brendan replaced the blindfold and Donna was again in the dark
but with so many more things to worry about. Her husband, her children, the
upcoming weekend, and for now the excruciating pain. 

&nbsp;

She was left
hanging for the longest time, only rarely touched, usually in a painful way, be
it because of her own sensitivity but that didn't matter - it hurt!. She became
extremely thirsty and she felt her juices run down her legs; the gag made her
jaw ache. Her teeth hurt. And she knew she had been left in this state on
purpose. It was to make her see that resistance was futile. But her daughters,
her family, she needed to protect them... 

&nbsp;

And so her mind
whirled, transiting from what looked to be a miserable future if she submitted,
to the dangers for her family if she didn't, cycling back to the pain whose
grip would not let her go.

&nbsp;

The rest of the
night, the long night, Donna was manhandled without warning.� Sometimes with the blindfold on, sometimes
not; leaving her wonder who was there, who was looking at her, at the details
of her private life. What was going on? Sometimes without the blindfold, she
could see not only Ms. Brendan�s evil guests but also that the party was
getting kinkier as it went on.

&nbsp;

Whips struck
sensitive flesh. Girls in chains were being lead around on all fours. There was
an obscene show where a woman Donna's age had weights, heavy lipstick replicas,
hung from her multiple piercings while the crowed taunted and cheered. Bets
were placed. The victim's �owner�, or something like that, was laughing with
the crowed as she hung one weight after another, making the poor woman squirm,
even as she tried to smile. Soon, she was crying out in pain. Her labia were
stretched to the limit; the cylindrical weights dangling down past her knees. 

&nbsp;

More and more
couples were walking upstairs, and more and more party �whores� came down
looking exhausted, in pain and well used. The �pornstar� lady that Donna had
first seen came down with obvious whip marks all over her breasts, her back,
her ass. Yet once down, she started a new dildo show on a different stage
almost immediately. 

&nbsp;

On the stage in
the back, a mixed group of younger and older women were fucking each in all
sorts of ways to the rhythm of the music, whipping each other, putting clamps
on each others nipples. It was a real life sex show and quickly was turning
into a S&amp;M show. Donna saw that the women were truly in pain and after a
brutal fuck with a studded dildo one of them even passed out for a while. The
group pushed their unconscious party mate to the sided, leaving her to lie ass
up as they just continued with each other, stepping on the poor abused woman,
shoving her aside when she was in the way. 

&nbsp;

Donna saw the
woman slowly revive and drag herself to her feet. With great effort and a lot
of pain, she joined the show again and pulled her ass cheeks apart to invite
another penetration. Donna had not missed the fact that the poor sex subject
had cried softly in utter misery for just the shortest of moments when she woke
up and saw her own situation. Donna just knew the woman was in the same
position as she was, hopelessly blackmailed, forced into this horrible way of
life. Donna felt pity for her but mostly fear for herself. What if it were
Donna up on that stage? She had to avoid that at all costs!

&nbsp;

The waitresses
had their costumes partly torn, exposing most of their upper body. Angry red
bite marks on their exposed tits, and lipstick streaks, drawings, words covered
their free skin. Drunk women, who now seemed to be everywhere, where pulling
them roughly when ordering drinks, forcing them into tongue kisses, laughing as
they shrieked when their tongue was bitten. It seemed the drunkest women were
the meanest, and those all gathered around the bar as it became later and
later. 

&nbsp;

Still the women
offered their breast with a smile. Or at least with a fake smile. It seemed it
was a goal for every bitch walking around to make the performing, serving
women, cry, fall out of their act. It was some really fucked up society.

&nbsp;

Donna considered
herself lucky. Yes, she was in an awful pain, but she didn�t need to act as if
she liked it. She could freely moan when someone unseen, or seen, pinched her
or shoved a dildo into her cunt or raked her cunt with sharp nails. 

&nbsp;

Only one more
time, a girl, a very young girl, had been ordered to come up to her and lick
her. More accurately, the girl was instructed to like Donna clean of the juices
that had run down her legs. But the soft young tongue did feel good and she
enjoyed the moment, no matter how repulsive it was. The remarks of the women
looking at the show, as they had browsed through her diary, looked at her
family, tore at her heart. But she was too far gone to fight any more. The
exhausting position that she was in, the fact that everything, everyone, around
her was sexually abused, the constant shriek of her own orgasms, of Robert�s
orgasmic grunts, she surrendered to the tongue and just enjoyed it, ignoring
the remarks as much as possible.

&nbsp;

When the girl had
neared her clit, Donna had forced herself down on the girl, regardless how much
her shoulders and arms ached, forcing the young girl to lick her to an orgasm.
and she would have if it wasn�t for the other woman yanking the girl away, and
angrily pinching, twisting Donna�s nipple. The pain had been awful but Donna
had felt oddly satisfied by the fact that she had at least had a few moments of
pleasure to preserve.

&nbsp;

Donna finally was
left alone and drifted into sleep. Tired, drained of energy by her constant
torture and abuse, Donna hung in her chains as the party continued. At that
time people started to leave, and it was obvious the party neared its end. The
freak show was almost over...















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-05-22T15:40:00Z
  2007-05-22T15:40:00Z
  21
  7497
  42738
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  356
  100
  50135
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






No character is
or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of
this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the
author.

&nbsp;

Copyright 2007 by
Bokkey.

&nbsp;

Story by Bokkey

e-mail:
bokkey2004@yahoo.com

&nbsp;

The New Years
Family Weekend, Saturday 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Can you please
cover her up?� The fat man in the grey business suite said as he received his
champagne. He moved uncomfortably to find a way to sit in the seat which was
too small for his size.

&nbsp;

�Will do sir.�
The stewardess answered politely, and she walked over to Donna�s seat, just two
rows ahead of him.

&nbsp;

Donna pretended
to be asleep. She was too embarrassed with her attire to face the other
passengers. But she couldn�t keep her eyes closed either. She was drunk, and
she felt the whole plane spinning and turning when she closed them too long.
Fear of throwing up as her environment turned wildly made her open her eyes
frequently, made her stay awake, praying she would get sober fast. She also
longed for something to eat, but she knew she would throw it up instantly,
creating the scenes she wanted to avoid. 

&nbsp;

She wanted, no
needed, to drink. The long night, the dry air on the plane, she was dehydrated,
but still she was too afraid to ask. She would for sure stutter, rattle like
the drunk she was, and that was just too embarrassing. Apart from that, she
would throw that up too. And so she found herself with her eyes shut as long as
possible, fighting her sleep, fighting not to throw up as the alcohol took the
plain into yet another loop.

&nbsp;

It had been early
in the morning when she had woken up and found she was being dragged off the
stage. They had brought her to a toilet, where she was allowed to attend to her
morning needs. She had sleepily done so, and afterwards had been pushed over
the toilet bowl, and given an enema. It turned out to contain alcohol, a liquor
of something like that. On an empty stomach, tired and dehydrated, it had taken
effect immediately.

&nbsp;

Donna curled up
as much as possible in the uncomfortable aisle seat. Ninon must have checked
her in on that seat on purpose. She couldn�t hide away against the side of the
plane, against the window. No, now she had to be careful not to disturb her
neighbor on the left, another fat businessman. Or she would lean too much into
the aisle whenever she blanked out, forcing the stewardess to ask her to sit
upright, to please sit decent.

&nbsp;

A fresh blanket
covered her, and she felt the stewardess hovering over her, tucking her in, or
better, hiding her. The fat man next to her sighed and whispered �Can you do
also something about the smell?�

&nbsp;

�I will try sir.�
The stewardess answered, and walked away.

&nbsp;

Donna knew she
smelled awful. Having had only the enema this morning, before being rushed to
the airport. And after the long night she knew she smelled of sweat, her dried
cunt juices, and, due to the enema, of alcohol too. 

&nbsp;

How would her
family react if they saw her in this state? Robert had planned to pick her up,
probably with Julie and Trixy too. They would see her drunk, and dressed like a
slut, a worn-out whore. 

&nbsp;

Donna was not
surprised she had been singled out for a body check. She looked like a freak,
and she had an expensive business ticket. It was only logical they had thought
she had drugs on her, or at least that something was just not right. 

&nbsp;

Donna hid a bit
more behind the blanket, but her legs with the green latex still stuck out. It
was impossible to get the bulky plateau shoes on the chair. She kept them on as
her feet smelled awful. How she needed a shower! And her constant fight not to
throw up� She hated herself, hated Ninon, ms Brendan, everyone around her.

&nbsp;

She shifted a bit
more and drifted into an unsteady sleep again, full of delirium dreams. She
dreamt of Robert shouting at her when he saw her coming out, while her
embarrassed daughters looked on.

&nbsp;

She woke up with
a shock, almost kicking the plate for her neighbor out of the hands of the
stewardess. The attendant gave Donna an angry look, and Donna mumbled an apology,
before hiding again under her blanket.

&nbsp;

How would she
explain the business ticket from her credit card? Another expense... 

&nbsp;

�Whores fly
business class. That�s where the best future clientele is.� Ninon had said, and
Donna couldn�t object of course. But how she wished she had. Now she had to
explain this expense to Robert, and he was already so difficult with money. 

&nbsp;

�Fuck�� she
thought wearily �That feeble expense is nothing compared to the charges for the
operation, the house, the clothes, and what ever else. Who am I kidding?� 

&nbsp;

She knew the only
way to get those expenses cleaned out was to sell herself �It won�t get rid of
the statements, but at least everything would be paid for��

&nbsp;

�And as long as I
�sell� myself to my own husband�� she concluded as she recalled the
instructions of ms Brendan; vaguely that is. 

&nbsp;

She had been
given some clothing, the black latex plateau shoes, and was dressed. Next she
had been rushed into the living room. where a tired ms Brendan awaited her,
joined by a neatly washed and dressed Ninon. She had had a normal night.

&nbsp;

Donna remembered
some instructions, which boiled down to the same as before; Robert had done a
terrific job, and she was his gift from ms Brendan. In other words, she had to
fuck him like a rabbit again. And her whole body was in pain, as was the inside
of her vagina from that fucked up whipping. 

&nbsp;

�How can I reach
25 fucks with him in this state?� Donna wondered as she restlessly gyrated in
her seat, making her neighbor grunt once again. �My whole body hurts like hell,
my vagina has been mutilated, and I�m at his parents house, with the whole
family there too. And on top of that, I missed one day already.�

&nbsp;

When she had been
taken out of ms Brendan�s mansion Ninon informed her that she had missed her
families flight, and would take one three hours later. She already had informed
Robert the party had been a bit on the wild side, and that she, Donna, had
gotten drunk, so she had to sober up before she could take the latter flight. 

&nbsp;

�She had my cell
phone�� Donna thought in a clear moment. But that didn�t surprise her actually.
This whole life she was leading now was perfectly orchestrated by ms Brendan
and Ninon. They had known beforehand she wouldn�t make the plane. �How foolish
I am��

&nbsp;

�Fuck, fuck no��
she suddenly corrected herself� �� she
actually gave me a new phone again. Another new number�Fuck, I�m drunk! I can�t
even remember what happened this morning clearly��

&nbsp;

The green latex
had started to crack here and there, but that just made her look all the more
like a freak; a dirty, smelly freak. 

&nbsp;

And what exactly
had ms Brendan told her to do? Donna couldn�t recall anything, no details, only
vague moments that stuck despite the alcohol. All she knew for sure was that
he, Robert, had done a good job. 

&nbsp;

�At least that is
a relief. What will she do when he flunks? Deny him his right to his wife�s
body? Punish me for his mistakes?�

&nbsp;

And so Donna�s
drunken mind twirled the whole trip, from recalling her evening of torture at
the party, to the preparations and instructions in the morning, and on to her
upcoming ordeal.

&nbsp;

They finally
landed, and she became nervous all over again. Now she had to face her family.
They would be waiting for her at the arrival hall. For a while her mind and
body were too busy just stumbling out of the plain, but she got her act
together just outside, and rushed into the nearest ladies room. 

&nbsp;

Luckily, it was
empty. She hovered over the sink and drank water. Finally. And just as she had
expected she had to run immediately afterwards to the nearest a toilet stall to
throw up. At least that cleared her head for a while, so she could tidy up a
bit. She brushed her teeth, getting rid of the vomit taste and smell. Ignoring
what passersby might see and think, she bluntly washed her feet in the sink.
Relieved when she felt the water clean them, and to have them out of the
boot-like shoes. 

&nbsp;

Next she drank,
drank as much water as her belly could hold. She felt completely dehydrated, as
she probably was. It had been a whole night of sweating, without even one
drink. At least now her stomach held on to the water, for a while. 

&nbsp;

She looked at
herself in the mirror. Her hair was still tied back, though now lots of loose
hair was dangling. She quickly redid her �coupe�, and looked for the next thing
to correct. Her face was a scary white from the lack of sleep, a blooming
hangover and exhaustion. It was also covered in red stripes from the small
airplane pillow. Her eyes were dark and deep into their sockets. 

&nbsp;

Her small coat
only hid her upper body, leaving her waist and hips free. The blouse she was
wearing was also too short to hide the green latex on her belly. The piercing
had found its way through the latex already and was obscenely visible. The red
leather short skirt covered her hips, her open vagina and her ass, but it
stopped just there. If she sat down it didn�t cover any of her private parts
anymore, and she hadn�t been issued any underwear. She didn�t mind the exposure
as much as she did catching a cold, a uterine infection, if she stayed too long
outside.

&nbsp;

She saw that her
legs showed the flow of her cunt juices. It had discolored the latex, stained
it. �Everybody must have seen that?� she realized �How awful!� 

&nbsp;

She tried to wash
the stains away with some soap, cleaning her vagina gently too. It at least
gave her some sense of a clean feeling. She dried herself with some toilet
paper, and sat on the toilet for a while, recuperating. The alcohol came up
again, so she forced herself to drink lots of water again. It hopefully would
help her get sober faster.

&nbsp;

After washing her
face once again, she had a last glance at herself in the mirror before she
zipped her leather up and walked out the toilet to go to the exit. As she did
so, she still felt she was drunk, wobbling a bit as she tried to walk in the
uncomfortable shoes.

&nbsp;

Going out of the
airport was actually easy; with the little carry-on she had, she could walk
straight through and with a deep breath, through the exit door into the arrival
hall where Robert waited for her.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She saw Robert
standing with her daughters, and even from a distance she could see his shocked
look. She put on her best smile and walked up to him. �Here we go again, let�s
hope for the best.�

&nbsp;

�Donna, what
happened to you�?� Robert said while he looked at his battered wife.

&nbsp;

�I�m sorry,
honey.� Donna said honestly �I� it�s just all a mess. I�m sorry.�

&nbsp;

She suddenly was
overwhelmed with emotions. Tears welled up and she couldn�t hold them anymore.
She burst into tears as she felt his warm arms around her.

&nbsp;

�Oh, darling,
what have they done to you?� Robert said caringly, lovingly. He held her tight
and rubbed her gently. 

&nbsp;

�I�m sorry, I�m
sorry�� Donna just muttered as she cuddled up to Robert, feeling his warm body.
She grabbed his open coat and pulled herself close to him. She curled into his
open coat, to avoid his caring but painful direct grasp. It hurt her but she
didn�t want him to stop.

&nbsp;

Robert hugged her
tighter and held her long as he rocked her some more, and kissed her gently on
top of her head. �Oh, baby, oh baby� he said comforting.

&nbsp;

Donna felt so
happy, and felt so much love for her husband. He just accepted her, he forgave
her� he loved her. And she felt safe, warm. She wanted to stay like this forever.

&nbsp;

�Let�s go..�
Robert finally whispered softly into her ear as she had calmed down a bit, and
Donna nodded. 

&nbsp;

Holding tight
onto her husband they walked to the exit of the hall.

&nbsp;

�Sorry darling, I
need to use the toilet before we go.� Robert said as he saw a toilet sign, and
gently let her go.

&nbsp;

Donna reluctantly
let him go, and stood alone, with her head down. But she felt happy, he had
reacted so differently than she ever could have imagined. And she felt so
relieved for that. At least this had gone well. Maybe his family would be just
as considerate?

&nbsp;

After a while she
looked up, and faced her daughters. Julie and Trixy each stood looking at her
from a distance. They were obviously less forgiving and looked at her with
disgust. Neither of them had spoken a word since she had arrived. 

&nbsp;

�Look�� Donna
said after a long silence �You know I have a problem. You know I am seeking
help for it.�

&nbsp;

She looked her
daughters in the eye �I just ask for your help. I don�t expect you to
understand. I feel embarrassed, I feel dirty, and I look like a freak. But if
you two don�t help me right now, it might break up our family, and I don�t want
that, do you?�

&nbsp;

�Mom, you�re
disgusting.� Julie answered. But she didn�t say no. Trixy kept silent.

&nbsp;

�I know, I know.�
Donna said, �But just bear with me. Keep quiet about my situation, don�t tell
Robert.�

&nbsp;

�He doesn�t
deserve this mom.� Julie said �You�re hurting him.�

&nbsp;

�I love him very
much,� Donna answered �but he wouldn�t understand. Maybe later, when I am
better in dealing with this situation� Just support me on this. It�s the best
way to help Robert, to help our family.�

&nbsp;

A silence fell
again.

&nbsp;

�Also�� Donna
tried ��he has this very tough job, far away. He works his ass off, and if he
feels we are in some sort of trouble, if he notices you two are angry with me,
it will just distract him from his work, his goals.�

&nbsp;

�We need to show
him we are still a family, still together. Let�s just pretend this was a fluke,
I just went drunk on a party, and got carried away. You�ll need to support that
story. Tell him all is ok at home when he�s gone. Tell him this is just as
surprising to you as it is to him.�

&nbsp;

�Well� that it is
for sure.� Julie smirked.

&nbsp;

�Fair enough, but
will you help me on this?�

&nbsp;

Julie looked at
her mother, and after a while just sighed �Oh.. ok, I will.�

&nbsp;

�Trixy?� Donna
said facing Trixy, who had been silent up to now. She just had been observing
her new mom all the time.

&nbsp;

�I will too.� She
said, without making any problem.

&nbsp;

Donna looked at
Trixy and wondered what was going on in her mind. Julie she understood, she was
angry with her but she would help for her father�s sake. But Trixy looked oddly
at her and Donna couldn�t quite understand what was going on in her mind. What
was she thinking of?

&nbsp;

But in all, her
daughters would support her story and now all she had to worry about was the
family, especially the mother of Robert. She would for sure not understand. No
she would be disgusted with her daughter-in-law. But she hoped Robert would
help her with his mother. 

&nbsp;

�How weird it
actually is that I�m now some sort of sex freak, and actually am able to deal
with the situation. All thanks to the loving care of my family, from Robert�
How much he loves me, and how much I love him for this! Isn�t this something
worth fighting for as I do now?� 

&nbsp;

When Robert
returned Donna quickly cuddled up to him again, and they walked to the car. All
the while Robert gently caressed her, and gave her loving understanding kisses
which she replied with a hot, loving kiss, and a sincere �I love you sooo
much�� when they reached the car.

&nbsp;

In the car the
conversation slowly started up, and finally became normal family talk when the
girls gushed about the gifts they had received from their dad. Actually, the
conversation was mostly between Julie, Trixy and their dad. The gifts, Robert�s
adventures, had steered the conversation away from Donna. Though Robert had
seen she wasn�t wearing any underwear as she sat down. She had quickly covered
herself with his coat. She had given him a gentle squeeze on his thigh, and an
assuring look she would explain all later. He had left it at that, and had
forced himself to join the family talk with his daughters.

&nbsp;

Robert had given
the girls some nice Chinese jewelry, and silk clothing. Very expensive gifts
indeed, and her daughters couldn�t stop thanking him. Donna just smiled and
gave Robert a gentle squeeze on his hand to let him know she appreciated his
care for their daughters very much.

&nbsp;

The short ride
went wonderful. Donna felt more and more her daughters would keep their
promise, as they completely neglected her, her attire. If she could keep her
low profile they and Robert would just enjoy each others company and her
situation wasn�t a hindrance. She became more and more at ease, simply enjoying
the happy moments of seeing her family bond together. Only when the car turned
into the parking lot of the grandparents house Donna became worried again. 

&nbsp;

�I don�t want to
face your mother like this.� She said to Robert.

&nbsp;

Robert nodded
�I�ll bring you to my room one time, take my coat.�

&nbsp;

Grateful, she
smiled at him and she went into the house with him, after their daughters had
�cleared� the way. They went quickly up to his room, where she kissed him
passionately.

&nbsp;

�Lock the door..�
she said mysteriously. She suddenly had an idea how to deal with the situation,
which would hopefully benefit all.

&nbsp;

Robert locked his
bedroom door, and when he turned back to his wife, Donna slowly, as erotically
as possible, undid his coat, and her own. Then she turned around, giving him a
full view of her attire.

&nbsp;

�I know it�s odd,
but I hope you like it?� she said. She knew if she played on his love for her,
he would go along. He had to, just like last time.

&nbsp;

�It is�� Robert said
as he eyed his wife �� nice, but��

&nbsp;

�At this �all
women� party I went to, we got a bit carried away.� Donna flashed a seductive
smile �They had this latex product, and we painted each other, just to see the
effect.�

&nbsp;

�It is just that
it can�t be easily taken off. It will hurt my skin. We didn�t think of that.�
She said with fake regret, trying to sound as innocent as possible. 

&nbsp;

�But don�t
worry�� she said as she took off the short red shirt, exposing the green latex,
together with her free nipples. 

&nbsp;

She saw him
looking at her nipples, which were hard from the chill in the room. She smiled
at him, and kept on undressing. Slowly she unbuttoned the red leather skirt.
When it fell he saw her naked pussy too, still flaming red from the abuse, but
she knew he wouldn�t comprehend that. 

&nbsp;

�� you still have
access to all of me.� 

&nbsp;

At that she posed
for him just as taught. In addition she spread her arms to complete her
offering.

&nbsp;

�You� you
definitely� change every time a bit more...� He mumbled. He obviously wasn�t
happy with her act, but she did arouse him. He did like it.

&nbsp;

�I missed you�
and I wanted to make this weekend special, just like the previous�� she said,
as she turned once more, making sure she wiggled her ass seductively. 

&nbsp;

�If strange
people have seen all this, he has the right to see it too.� She figured, as she
fought her own feeling of mixed shame and disgust. Especially because she was
lying to him about everything.

&nbsp;

She walked up to
him, and kissed him passionately. He returned the kiss, and finally grabbed her
passionately, throwing his strong arms around her.

&nbsp;

That hurt her,
but she didn�t bulge. Her body was still in pain all over, and his strong
loving embrace was all the more painful. 

&nbsp;

�This is going to
be some ordeal� she thought as she just kissed him harder, so he would
misunderstand her moan of pain as a moan of passion. She had to keep him
aroused, keep him lustful.

&nbsp;

When she stopped
kissing him she looked him in the eye, she wasn�t finished yet. 

&nbsp;

�We�ll do
something else this time� she whispered �I have a new cell phone with a camera
with lots of memory. We�ll do what we did months ago, when you took those naked
pictures of me. Only now we�ll take film of you and me fucking. We�ll record
every fuck we have, every cum shot of you��

&nbsp;

�Donna!!� Robert
objected, obviously not liking the idea.

&nbsp;

�No, Robert, I
did those pictures for you, now you�ll do this for me.� Donna interrupted �So
you�ll have something to think about while abroad, as will I.�

&nbsp;

�Also�� she
continued as she stepped back to show him her body again �� we�ll do role play.
The girlfriends I talked with said they did it sometimes with their husbands
too, and it gave them some of the best fucks ever.�

&nbsp;

�Role play?�
Robert said surprised, not even having absorbed her previous idea.

&nbsp;

�Yes, role play.
We�ll pretend I�m your whore, to do with as you please.�

&nbsp;

�No!� Robert said
�No! I won�t do that!� 

&nbsp;

Donna was a bit
surprised at this fierce reaction. He looked hurt, and couldn�t face her anymore.
His eyes cast downwards.

&nbsp;

�I�m pushing him
too far.� Donna thought �But I must, it is the only way, the only way to do
what Ninon and ms Brendan ordered me to do. And by playing the whore, I can act
the whore without him being suspicious. He�ll think it�s a silly girls night
out idea. It�s the only way to get things done.�

&nbsp;

�Darling�� she
said as she caressed his face and forced him to look into her eyes �Please? You
know how reluctant I was with the pictures you took? And now I�m ok with that,
now I even want to take film. I matured. You�ll see, you�ll love it too, just
go along��

&nbsp;

�And with this
attire�� she smiled gently and turned around for him again �I look like a whore
anyway.�

&nbsp;

Robert still had
this hurt, ashamed look on his face.

&nbsp;

�You�ll see,
you�ll love it.� She pushed him �Look, I�m wet just thinking of it.� She laid
her hand on her painful vagina, and stuck some fingers in her ever wet hole.
She forced a seductive smile on her face as she did so, and held out her wet
fingers to him. �Please Robert��

&nbsp;

But Robert was
still reluctant, though he obviously was getting aroused.

&nbsp;

Donna grumbled
inside at his reaction, what more could she do to convince him?

&nbsp;

�Look, I�m just a
slut...for you� She said, and licked her fingers clean, while she looked
straight at him �Just use me, use me a lot before you go again, and leave me
all alone..�

&nbsp;

�Donna�� Robert
painfully said, but Donna just pushed on. She walked up to him, and forced his
head down to her free nipples. 

&nbsp;

That did it. He roughly
licked them, bit them. Donna tensed at the pain, but managed to make it look
like she was enjoying it.

&nbsp;

�Yeah baby, lick
them good, get them all worked up for you.� She said, just like a whore would
do according to her.

&nbsp;

Robert didn�t
respond, but continued, and also started to roughly mold her body. She had won
him over, she knew, but now she had to deal with the pain, without him noticing
it. As he was busy groping her body she found that if she just talked out loud,
talked dirty, she could disguise her painful groans. And so she just slurred
some porn movie chatter, and Robert kept on at her, encouraged by his wife�s
voice. 

&nbsp;

His hands,
fingers, roughly entered her bruised vagina, and immediately started to pump
away.

&nbsp;

�You�re hot.� He
grunted, as he misunderstood her wetness for arousal. 

&nbsp;

�Yeah, baby, all
for you.� She said. �I even shaved it freshly yesterday..�

&nbsp;

She had to bite
her lip not to scream out as he maltreated her vagina with his dry fingers.
However, he was amazed at how easy she could get Robert totally into it, just
like their last weekend. It was as if they picked up where they had left off.
Now all she had to do, again, was to make her quota. And now with the role
play, she could seduce him at all times. She could play the horny slut, and he
wouldn�t be suspicious. Her idea had to work. It was brilliant.

&nbsp;

Donna was very
proud of herself, and she was happy he liked her like this too. �Now at least
he enjoys what they are doing to me too.� 

&nbsp;

His rough
handling was something she couldn�t fight. If he knew what pain he caused her
he not only would stop, but also start to wonder what was really going on. And
besides, a whore shouldn�t complain, so she couldn�t either. It was part of the
role play, a disadvantage she just had to deal with. She just expertly, like a
true whore, lead him away from a certain too painful position into a knew one
where the pain was bearable. She was so happy her vagina was leaking so much
lately, else he would have noticed she wasn�t that aroused at all. And now she
could repay his trust in her with the sex he craved. Even more than that, she
was making atonement.

&nbsp;

�And the pain is
more like a just punishment for me, for being so stupid to fall into ms
Brendan�s trap.� She told herself �I actually am happy I don�t enjoy this at
all, I don�t deserve it.�

&nbsp;

It was a weird
thought, but it made her guilt for deceiving Robert indeed less.

&nbsp;

�Also, now I can
concentrate on pleasing him, only him.� She added, feeling more at ease with
herself, with her actions, at that thought. �He enjoys me more like this, with
me focusing solely on his desires, not mine.� 

&nbsp;

As they stumbled
to the bed she stopped him briefly to pick up the camera. �Don�t forget, I want
you to picture all fucks, especially the cum shots.� She reminded Robert, who
smiled wickedly at her in response.

&nbsp;

He threw her on
the bed, which hurt like hell. The latex rubbed all over the skin of her back
and ass. 

&nbsp;

�WOOW, Baby�� she
cried, as she immediately raised her legs wide, exposing her vagina, to
distract him from her painful look ��now fuck this hot pussy!�

&nbsp;

Robert pulled
down his pants and freed his hard-on. 

&nbsp;

�Oh, my, you have
a big one sir!!� Donna said, as she looked at his dick in mock surprise. She
wanted to push him to fuck her fast, so she would be distracted from the
burning pain all over her back. 

&nbsp;

She was actually
proud of her acting. It was maybe even a bit too convincing, as she saw Robert
was full of lust. He didn�t even look at her, just at her body. She just thrust
her breasts forward, forcing him to mount her fast.

&nbsp;

He shoved his
penis into her one time. Not only did that hurt like hell, but it surprised her
as he had never done that before. Usually he was much more gentle. 

&nbsp;

She folded her
legs around his hips as a reaction to the new pain, and turned her face upward,
so he couldn�t see the tears in her eyes. Every vein inside her bruised vagina
gave of pain signals. She grunted as he immediately started to hump her
roughly. He even bit down on her left nipple painfully.

&nbsp;

�OOW, Baby,
you�re one steamy hot guy.� She said as she almost bit her tongue from the
pain. �This must have hurt even if I wasn�t so sensitive.� 

&nbsp;

�Fuck me good,
fuck me hard!� she said out loud to hide her feelings. 

&nbsp;

�The sooner he comes,
the sooner this pain is over.� She thought as every thrust hurt her like hell,
and she couldn�t stop the tears pouring from her eyes. She was happy she had no
make up on, so it couldn�t leak. She could quickly remove the tears with a
simple movement of her hand, without him noticing her true ordeal.

&nbsp;

His rough pushing
into her not only hurt her vagina, but the rubbing on the bed also killed her
back skin. She kept on screaming and grunting as if in ecstasy, and tried to
act like she was having the time of her life. 

&nbsp;

Luckily she felt
he was coming fast. His penis tensed inside her, and soon she felt him spurting
his sperm. He grunted above her as he did, with his eyes closed, head faced
forward. 

&nbsp;

�Also not like he
usually does�� Donna noticed. He had reacted a bit weird to her actions.

&nbsp;

As he wanted to
pull out, Donna quickly reminded him: �Film it with the cell!�

&nbsp;

He looked
awkwardly at her. 

&nbsp;

�Please,
Darling?� she said meekly.

&nbsp;

He grabbed the
camera, took a short time to figure out how to take the shot, and then filmed a
close up as he pulled out his dick, covered with sperm and her juices.

&nbsp;

�And me..� she
said, and so he finished the shot with an overview of her laying legs spread,
platform shoes high up in the air, breasts with their erected nipples upward,
and a big smile on her face.

&nbsp;

She saw he didn�t
like it all too much, and so she finished her act by turning herself around,
ass up, and looked at him over her back. 

&nbsp;

�Thank you kindly
sir, that was one of the best shags I ever had!� she said as she let her right
hand finger her cum coated vagina. 

&nbsp;

�You really play
the part�� he said, as he shook his head, obviously still not understanding his
new wife, but convinced she wanted this role play, and enjoyed it.

&nbsp;

Donna was happy
he had gone along, and that he appreciated her actions. And as long as he saw
it as a game, �If only he knew why I really do all of this��

&nbsp;

�We have to get
ready� Robert said as he got up, and fumbled a bit, pulling up his pants �My
parents will be waiting, wondering what is going on.�

&nbsp;

Donna was a bit
taken aback at his quick change in mood, but figured he was still feeling
uncomfortable with their act. She got up, and kissed him. 

&nbsp;

Robert cut the
kiss short, and buttoned his shirt. �Freshen up, I�ll see you downstairs, ok?�

&nbsp;

�Ok, hon�.� Donna
responded as she sensed he wasn�t into any cuddling. 

&nbsp;

He was out of the
room before she knew it, and she was alone in his room. Disappointed, and
wondering what was going through his mind, she walked slowly to the bathroom,
to take a much needed shower.

&nbsp;

After a long
shower she stood before the damp mirror. She felt pretty down as she looked at
herself, and did her best to convince herself that everything went all right.
But Robert�s reaction to her idea was still troubling her. Not so much his
forceful fucking, that she could understand somewhat, no it was his blunt
reaction afterwards. His sudden distance to her was troubling her, made her
feel guilty, wrong.

&nbsp;

�I can�t go on
like this.� She told herself, as she pulled of another loose piece of her
�suit�. 

&nbsp;

She looked at
herself in the mirror. Her face was less discolored, but still ghostly. She
dried her hair and tied it back in a pony again. �You can�t hide lack of
sleep.�

&nbsp;

�Get a hold of
yourself.� She told her own down image �If you don�t, things will get worse,
much worse��

&nbsp;

Unconvinced she
wrapped a towel around herself and walked into Robert�s childhood bedroom. She
opened the suitcase and looked at its contents again. Another humiliating
memory popped up as she saw the collection of sex toys and skimpy outfits. This
was what the officers had seen when they checked her at the airport. Drunk at
the time she had react with giggles, as she was being led away for a body
check, but now she felt the degradation all the more.

&nbsp;

�Fuck!� She said
to herself �Fuck, fuck, fuck!!� 

&nbsp;

�I can�t wear any
of these. I know they expect me to, but this is impossible. This will be
unexplainable, and Robert won�t accept this. It would cause one hell of a fight.�

&nbsp;

She sat down on
the bed, an thought it over. �What to do?�

&nbsp;

After a long
pause she got up. She had made her decision. She walked to Robert�s closet, and
went through his clothing. She pulled out a large sweater, and some jogging
pants. As she pulled on these protest clothes she felt better already. On top
of that, the looseness of these clothes wouldn�t hurt her that much. The
defiance made her feel somewhat in control again. She looked for some gym shoes
of Robert, and after putting them on looked at herself.

&nbsp;

�Not at all as
instructed, but how will they find out?� she thought, as she walked out of the
room towards the family downstairs �Just a quick bite, and I go immediately
back to bed. I�m dead tired, and tomorrow will be a long day anyway. We�ll see
what we do than.�

&nbsp;

When she entered
the room shyly a cheer went up, and she saw Robert and her daughters pleasantly
surprised she looked �normal� again. She gave them a meek smile, and excused
herself to rest of the family. �It�s been a rough ride, and I�m really tired.�

&nbsp;

The family didn�t
mind, and she was welcomed in their mids. The hugs hurt her, but she was by now
more than used to that pain. Especially the greeting by Robert�s parents were
warm and lovingly. They obviously felt pity for her, as she looked so tired.
They were honestly concerned if she was all right, and after she couldn�t
convince them she was ok, they forced her and the whole family to the dinner
table. �Some good warm food will do you good.� Robert�s mother said as she folded
her arm in Donna�s and guided her to the dining room, patting her hand gently.
Donna felt grateful, but was also worried she would notice the latex from so
close.

&nbsp;

Dinner passed by
quickly. She ate little as her stomach was still tricky, but she felt revived
afterwards. Also because Robert was his loving self again as every now and then
he kissed her on her head and hugged her. She again felt so close to him again.


&nbsp;

And the family
atmosphere overall was wonderful. Everyone was in a good mood, jokes were told,
her daughters were, again, talking about their gifts, showing the silk clothing
they were wearing, with Robert warning them not to spill any food on them. It
caused him the �thorn� of the rest of the family. Donna absorbed the normal
happy life with gratitude.� 

&nbsp;

On top of that,
after diner, Julie also gave her a compliment for acting normal; �I�m glad you
decided to join the family again.�

&nbsp;

Donna thanked
her, and wanted to catch up with her, but she was too tired. She excused
herself, and as everybody had seen she was dead tired, they let her go without
any complaints. Once in Robert�s room, in bed, she quickly fell asleep. Finally
some much needed rest.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She woke when her
cell phone rang. Better, she heard the menacing voice of a black man calling
�Hey, fuck slut, pick up the phone�hey whore, pick up the phone, you�re pimp is
calling� come on filthy slut, get that leaky pussy moving and pick up��

&nbsp;

The room was
dark, and it took some time before she found the bloody thing. All the time the
humiliating cursing went on, becoming louder and louder.

&nbsp;

�Hello?� She
quickly said, glad to stop the ring tone.

&nbsp;

�Hello Cutty, how
are you doing?� 

&nbsp;

It was Ninon!
�I�m ok, Ninon, dead tired��

&nbsp;

�That�s why you
don�t follow the rules?� Ninon asked bluntly.

&nbsp;

Donna�s� mind was in turmoil �How could they have seen
me? Who�s spying on me?�

&nbsp;

�Well?� Ninon
pressed on.

&nbsp;

�I�m sorry Ninon,
I just couldn�t face the family dressed as instructed. And I was cold, and the
tight clothing hurts my skin. I just wanted some relief. And I didn�t use any
underwear, I swear, it was just��

&nbsp;

�Well Cutty...�
Ninon interrupted, ��I was just referring to the way you addressed me, but
you�re honesty is appreciated. Better admit to it than that we find out later.�

&nbsp;

�Shit!!� Donna
cursed in her mind �Stupid, stupid, stupid!!�

&nbsp;

�Sorry� mrs
Bondain��

&nbsp;

�That�s better�
Ninon approved �We�ll discuss your punishment later. I hope ms Brendan will
have pity on you. But you better get your act together again, understood?�

&nbsp;

�Yes, yes, mrs
Bondain.� Donna said as fear struck her heart. �Ms Brendan,� she�s going to inform ms Brendan!�

&nbsp;

�I just called to
make sure you got off at the right airport, with you being drunk and all.�
Ninon explained �So you�re safely with your family now?�

&nbsp;

�Yes, mrs
Bondain.�

&nbsp;

�And I bet you
also didn�t use the right etiquette when addressing your family either?�

&nbsp;

�No need to lie
now� Donna thought �No mrs Bondain, I totally forgot�But I was too drunk and
tired, mrs Bondain, please, please forgive me.�

&nbsp;

�Will you do
better from here on?� Ninon asked sternly.

&nbsp;

�I will, I
promise, mrs Bondain� Donna quickly replied �Please don�t tell ms Brendan,
please don�t. She�ll make life hell for me. I was tired, and just forgot, just
couldn�t��

&nbsp;

�Now now Cutty,�
Ninon interrupted her rambling �You know I can�t lie to ms Brendan. Nobody can.
You�ll just need to learn to keep control at all times, no matter how tired you
are.�

&nbsp;

Donna sighed, and
started to cry softly. She didn�t want to, but she just couldn�t keep it
inside.

&nbsp;

�Maybe she will
have pity on you.� Ninon comforted her, hearing her cry. �But only if you do as
instructed from now on. Don�t disappoint us. You remember all the instructions
still?�

&nbsp;

�No, mrs Bondain,
no I don�t. I was drunk when she gave them and��

&nbsp;

�You�ll have to
learn to listen and remember.� Ninon lectured her �That is crucial to avoid
punishment, crucial to please ms Brendan.���


&nbsp;

�I�m sorry, mrs
Bondain.� Donna sniffed back.

&nbsp;

�That�s just not
good enough. You keep on being disobedient, keep on trying to fight what is
inevitable. Stop doing that!�

&nbsp;

�Yes, mrs��

&nbsp;

�Listen. You are
ms Brendan�s gift for him. You are trained, toned, dressed to please him every
way he wants. He needs to be totally satisfied, enthralled, when he returns to
Asia. That is your job. You need to fuck him at least as much as last weekend,
preferably more, as you should be able to do now. Given you have had more
training.�

&nbsp;

Donna listened,
trying not to miss any pointers anymore.

&nbsp;

�We want you to
fuck him anywhere, in any position, and in any disgusting way you know. We
didn�t pack the toys and clothing for nothing. Understand?�

&nbsp;

�Yes, mrs
Bondain.� 

&nbsp;

She had to use
the toys! Donna�s mind was in high overdrive just thinking on how she had to
carry out that instruction, and how Robert would hate it. It would ruin the
picture he had of her; his wife, his proper wife.

&nbsp;

�Don�t break the
dress code anymore. Probably you�re not wearing any shoes at this moment? But
we want you to always be ready for him, always be the eager hired hooker you
are. So you wear them always this weekend. You don�t want us to use someone
else, now do you?� 

&nbsp;

�No, mrs
Bondain.� 

&nbsp;

Well, actually,
Donna wasn�t so sure about that. At least than she could still be his decent
wife, his trustworthy wife.

&nbsp;

�You are a filthy
slut that has some big issues to deal with herself, right?�

&nbsp;

�Yes, mrs
Bondain.�

&nbsp;

�Here we go
again.� Donna thought �Telling me I want this somehow.�

&nbsp;

�So just do it.
Be yourself. And don�t forget to take pictures and film of every fuck. Just
remember how humiliating that is for Robert; his wife films his every fuck to
show to others just because she�s too untrustworthy. If you could be trusted,
if you had shown you could follow the rules without any complains, eager and
without any protest, that wouldn�t have been necessary. You fuck up his pride
just because of your own stupid behavior, time and time again.�

&nbsp;

�I�m sorry, mrs
Bondain.� 

&nbsp;

Donna thought it
over. Would they have really left out the demand for pictures if they trusted
her? �But that would mean � That is just too much to ask from anybody. They�re
playing with me.�

&nbsp;

�Ok. We�ll leave
it like that. For now. Just remember we�re watching you, especially now we know
you are fucking up. Behave from now on, show you�re worth the money, whore.�
And she hung up, before Donna could answer anything. 

&nbsp;

Donna was wide
awake now, and in trouble. Her mind went through her options. She curled
upright in the dark and wondered what she could do to get out of this mess.
Every time she hit the brick wall when she thought of what could happen if she
did not obey. That just wasn�t an option. She cursed herself constantly for
telling she had not followed the rules. It was a stupid slip of the tongue, but
she should have known better.

&nbsp;

When Robert
entered the room and stumbled to the bed in the dark he was in for a surprise.
Donna turned on the small spaceship nightlight, and showed herself. She was
wearing a tight pink corset, with white lace, red fishnet stockings, and white
pumps. She smiled at him with the brightest smile she could muster.

&nbsp;

�Not again��
Robert sighed as he looked at her.

&nbsp;

�The game isn�t
over yet.� Donna pushed with her ever present smile, as she got up, and kneeled
on the bed in front of him. Her hands immediately started to unbutton his
trousers. 

&nbsp;

�Donna�� Robert
whispered.

&nbsp;

�Shhhh, honey. I
slept deliciously and am ready to treat you for what I�m hired for. Just relax,
and let me do the work.�

&nbsp;

�Donna, no ��

&nbsp;

�Shhhh�� Donna
hushed him again as she quickly freed his dick, and swallowed it, as she stroke
it with her hand. She hoped this would silence him.

&nbsp;

He was stiff in
no time, but still complaint �I don�t want this Donna, I don�t like it.�

&nbsp;

Donna moved one
hand up to his mouth to quiet him down. It was difficult enough to play the
whore, wear the tight clothing, to have him whine too. �Many man would love to
have their wife behave like a slut, and he can�t stop complaining!�

&nbsp;

She paced up her
efforts, and started to lick his shaft as she molds his glance with her left
hand, her other still stroking the shaft. That worked and Robert quieted down
and started to make his normal aroused noises. 

&nbsp;

�At last�� Donna
thought to herself. 

&nbsp;

She cupped his
balls with one hand, and she swallowed his penis again, while her free hand
search for the camera. When she found it she handed it to him to make the
necessary movie.

&nbsp;

�No, Donna, not
that again��

&nbsp;

�Do it!!� she
hissed at him in between her frantic sucking. 

&nbsp;

She felt him
coming to his climax, and looked up to see if he was indeed filming. Of course
she saw him reluctantly hold the cell pointing nowhere.

&nbsp;

�Mmmm!!� she
moaned angrily on his dick, as she looked him in the eye. 

&nbsp;

Robert finally
did as instructed and filmed his wife sucking his dick.

&nbsp;

�Good baby!� She
said quickly, as she patted his belly with her free hand.

&nbsp;

She felt his
shaft stiffen, the top expand, and the balls rise. She widened her mouth as his
first spurt entered her mouth. For purpose of the movie she pulled back and let
the next wads hit on her face, after which she positioned herself below his
dick, looking up at him, at the camera, as she slurped up the next spurts. 

&nbsp;

�Donna, this is
sick.� Robert said as he looked at his wife.

&nbsp;

�Wasn�t it good,
mr Alldring?� Donna asked faking being hurt by his comments. She even pouted
her lips in mock disappointment.

&nbsp;

�No, not that,
but��

&nbsp;

�You�re problem
is�� She said as she pulled herself up and smiled at him with her cum coated face
��you think it is wrong to see you�re wife as a slut.� 

&nbsp;

She pulled him on
the bed and laid him on his back. As she straddled him she continued. ��It�s
not.� 

&nbsp;

She positioned
herself so he could see her in full view. Her tight corset, which made her
waist smaller, and her breast blown up. Her face smiling down on him, proud of
her body. The one thing disturbing the perfect picture was the remnants of the
green latex, though she had painfully removed some of it again. 

&nbsp;

�Feel me honey,
feel me.� She instructed, and took his arms and placed them on her breasts. He
mauled her breast as he was supposed to do.

&nbsp;

�I�m a whore,
I�ve been paid for, so now you can do everything you want to me. I�ll please
you this weekend any way you want, sir. We�ll fuck more than you ever fucked
any girl. More than last weekend. Let me drain you out this time.�

&nbsp;

Robert had again
this weird look in his eyes, but kept on feeling her breasts.

&nbsp;

�You�re so
handsome, mr Alldring.� And her hand went behind her, straight to his soft
penis underneath her, groping it. �You must be working out.�

&nbsp;

�Donna�� 

&nbsp;

�Shhh, sir, let
me excite you.� And with that she grabbed her own breast and felt them up, then
her hands moved down the corset and on to her vagina. She lifted herself to
give him a good view of how she opened up her pussy, and fingered her clit.

&nbsp;

�Can you help me
with this, sir?� She asked with deliberate fake innocence. 

&nbsp;

Robert
reluctantly played along, giving her his by now normal awkward look. He looked
at her vagina hovering above him, while his hands joined hers, gently exploring
the tender flesh.

&nbsp;

�Oooh, yeaaah��
She encouraged him.

&nbsp;

The fact she was
in pain didn�t matter, she rather had him fingering her, then being forced to
do it herself. She rather had him hurting her, then constantly taking the lead
in her own torture. �If he just would fuck me automatically, without my need to
encourage him all the time, without me having to act obscenely all the time��

&nbsp;

She jerked his
dick with her hand behind her back, while her other hand stroke her own
breasts, lifting them out of the corset and raising them so she could lick
them. Her own gentle tongue giving some relief to the inflamed skin.

&nbsp;

Robert meanwhile
felt her wetness and became more daring as she jerked him faster, getting him
aroused again. 

&nbsp;

�Hmmm baby, you
like my wet pussy?� And with that she pushed it forward to give him better
access. She threw her head back as if enjoying his fingering, and moaned in
pain. To distract herself she just focused on jerking him faster, wiggling her
hips wilder.

&nbsp;

�Fuck baby!
You�re hot!� Robert said, as he groped her hips and glided underneath her pussy
with his face. He kissed her thighs, and worked his way up to her wet lips,
kissing her, biting her softly. She used to like that, probably that�s why he
did it, but now it was terrible. Luckily her vagina reacted as if in heat.

&nbsp;

His dick hard
again, she switched position, into a sixty nine, and sucked his dick. She
feared if she wouldn�t fill her mouth with something she would scream out in
pain, waking up the whole house. She concentrated on sucking him, mangling his
nuts, to get him on the edge of coming. She knew that would take some time, as
he just came.

&nbsp;

When he finally
was up to it she could release herself from his painful bites, hands, and she
forced him to take her again, as she lay on her back, and spread her legs wide,
knees up. She actually wanted to straddle him, but couldn�t force herself to do
it, it would be too painful. She preferred him poking her.

&nbsp;

And he did.
Rough, hard, and luckily not too long. She quickly grabbed the camera, and
filmed their climax, all the way up to his coated dick leaving her vagina.� 

&nbsp;

�That will be so
hot to see again when were apart�� she lied to him, as he fell back on the bed.

&nbsp;

She gave herself
some minutes to recuperate from the pain, but all too soon had to work on her
husband again, as he was falling asleep.

&nbsp;

�As I�m paid to
please you sir, and I�m very expensive, you better get your moneys worth mr
Alldring�� she explained as she grabbed him again to force him to fuck her
again.

&nbsp;

She was up to her
fifth fuck and feeling miserable when the cell rang. It was just as she had
given the cell to Robert to film her, doing her doggy style. 

&nbsp;

�Hey, fuck slut,
pick up the phone�hey whore, pick up the phone, you�re pimp is calling� come on
filthy slut, get that leaky pussy moving and pick up�� screamed through the
room.

&nbsp;

�What�,who�s
calling you?� Robert asked, more surprised by the ring tone.

&nbsp;

Donna knew who was
calling, and knew she had to pick up the phone. 

&nbsp;

�Give it to me.�
She demanded as she turned with her tear stricken face. 

&nbsp;

She quickly
grabbed the cell from her dumbstruck husband.

&nbsp;

�Don�t worry
baby, it�s a sick joke from my friends, I can�t �Hello?�

&nbsp;

�Hello Cutty.�
Ninon said amused.

&nbsp;

�Oh, hello mrs
Bondain, what ��

&nbsp;

�Busy?� Ninon
asked.

&nbsp;

�Mmm� yes��

&nbsp;

�Tell whoever it
is to hang up.� Robert told her. Donna waved her free arm backwards to shush
him.

&nbsp;

�Tell him to
continue fucking you. It�s Robert fucking you, right?� Ninon said.

&nbsp;

��Yes, yes, a
moment mrs Bondain.� Donna said and she turned to Robert and whispered �Keep on
fucking me, it felt good, and it�s kinky�� 

&nbsp;

She caressed him
as she looked at him with her best innocent smile. She rocked back and forth to
get him to go along, and he did, be it a bit absentminded, and shaking his head
in disbelief. Being fucked again as told she returned to the phone call
quickly.

&nbsp;

�Yes, mrs
Bondain?�

&nbsp;

�Oh I Just wanted
to call you to remind you we want some good movies, so you better use good
lightning.�

&nbsp;

�Oh�� she
answered perplexed. She knew she was just checking up on her, but this
instruction meant she had to turn on the main light. Right now they were in the
cozy light of his childhood lamp.

&nbsp;

�I don�t hear him
fucking you. He�s not enjoying himself is he. That�s too bad for you��

&nbsp;

Donna knew what
was expected of her, and instantly rocked back and forth faster. She looked at
Robert, and mimicked the word �Harder� and smiled wickedly. She had to pat him
on his thigh to mimic the rhythm she wanted. With a shaking head in disbelief
he grabbed her thighs and started to fuck her harder, with longer strokes, and
faster. Extremely painful for her. And as he tried to make as little noise as
possible, Donna did her best to make as much noise as possible with her behind,
slamming it loudly into his forward thrusts. 

&nbsp;

�That�s better��
Ninon said as she apparently heard the sopping sounds of Robert slamming into
her. �That must hurt.�

&nbsp;

�It does, mrs
Bondain, it does�� Donna answered honestly.

&nbsp;

�Good, that�ll
teach you not to mess with us anymore, right?�

&nbsp;

�Uh,..uh,�, yes
mrs Bondain.� 

&nbsp;

Donna was
humiliated to the bone once again, feeling like a puppet on a string. �She had
to call exactly at this moment.� She shook her head in disbelief at her bad
luck.

&nbsp;

�Okay, I�ll be
going for a nice relaxing sleep. Keep it up. At how many are you now?�

&nbsp;

�One fifth of the
quota mrs Bondain.� Donna said. She humped faster as she felt Robert slack again.


&nbsp;

�Well you just
have to do most of the work by day than. That will be better for the lighting
anyway. I�ll be checking on you later. Bye.�

&nbsp;

�Bye, mrs
Bondain.� And she slumped into the pillow again. Crying softly from the
constant pain and humiliation. �Harder baby, faster.� She said.

&nbsp;

�Who was that?�
Robert asked in between his thrusts.

&nbsp;

�Later, later,
fuck me, finish me! I�m almost there.� 

&nbsp;

She lied of
course, but Robert couldn�t know. She just mimicked her usual noises as she
felt him reacting, so he wouldn�t find out, and soon the fifth fuck was over as
he pierced deep into her to release his seeds. She screamed from pain into the
pillow. It was the reason she had chosen this position for her last two fucks.
She could scream in pain as loud as she could, the pillow silencing her
anguish. And her tears were immediately wiped off too, very helpful.

&nbsp;

As Robert fell to
her side, exhausted, she took a few minutes just laying upright. Her ass high
up in the air, her pussy leaking, and her face deeply buried into the pillow.
It took some time for the pain to subside, and when she finally raised her head
she saw Robert sleeping beside her. She was in limbo if she should wake him or
get some much needed sleep herself, but her own exhausted body made the
decision, as she fell in a deep sleep herself.

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-14T19:16:00Z
  2007-07-14T19:16:00Z
  23
  9201
  52450
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  437
  123
  61528
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






No character is
or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of
this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the
author.

&nbsp;

Copyright 2007 by
Bokkey.

&nbsp;

Story by Bokkey

e-mail:
bokkey2004@yahoo.com

&nbsp;

The New Years
Family Weekend, Sunday 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Wake up bitch!
Time to get that lazy whore�s ass ready for the customers! Hey Bitch! Get the
fuck up!� 

&nbsp;

Donna looked
around franticly. The sound came from her cell; where was her cell phone? Her
hands searched the bed in the dark as the stream of coarse obscenities from the
cell grew louder. Donna finally found it on the table next to her, screaming
its filth. The alarm was going off. She quickly pushed as much buttons as she
could to turn the alarm off. 

&nbsp;

&quot;They even
set the alarm as a way to fuck me over. What time is it?&quot; Donna asked
herself as her heart jumped wildly. She checked the time on the phone. It was 5
o�clock in the morning. She looked around in the dark. Robert was still snoring
next to her. He had cuddled into the warm sheets and apparently hadn�t heard a
thing, luckily. Donna however was wide awake, full of adrenaline and fully
aware of her present dire situation. 

&nbsp;

Donna was
becoming scared of her new cell phone. They had programmed truly evil tricks
into it.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;What else
was it going to do?&quot; she worried. &quot;Should I deprogram the ring tone
and alarm? How?&quot; Donna had never been a master with those kinds of things,
electronics and the like. Usually, she asked someone else to help her. &quot;Well,
I can always ask Robert.&quot; But what would Ms. Brendan or Ninon say if Donna
changed the settings? She couldn�t recall whether one of her new rules said
that she couldn�t do something like that but then again, the slutty ring tome
was in line with what they wanted. 

&nbsp;

Donna decided it
was best to change the ring to vibrate and turn the alarm off. She could reset
that herself when she was back and, hopefully, she could throw the cell away
soon or say that it was lost. Donna looked around again in the quiet dark room.
&quot;They did it on purpose,&quot; she realized. &quot;They wanted to help me,
knew I would have difficulty getting up�Well, maybe 'help' wasn�t the best word
but it�s obvious they wanted me up early. And I should be up if I want to reach
my quota.&quot; 

&nbsp;

She looked at the
sleeping Robert again and slipped quietly out of the bed. &quot;I need to get
myself ready. Remove the last bits of the latex with a warm shower, dress up
and fuck him a few times before the family gets up� If at least I reach my damn
quota, I�ll have one big problem less to deal with.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Donna quickly
moved into the cold bathroom, shut the door and turned on the light. Next she
turned on the shower to let it heat up and shivered as she undressed. Naked,
she jumped under the hot water and let it warm her body up to temperature
again. Luxuriating in the heat, Donna focused on removing the last of the
latex. The final patches were still a torture to pull off but despite that she
managed to get it all off with soap and lots of warm water.� Donna took a long time to recuperate after
that, letting the steaming water massage her sore skin. 

&nbsp;

After her shower,
Donna took a moment to survey her naked reflection in the small mirror above
the sink. Overall, her skin looked very clean and not as inflamed as it had
been, and now only spots where she had been manhandled the most, her breasts,
her vagina and her back. But all in all, to her eyes, Donna looked okay. The
training of the last months had done wonders for her figure and Donna was proud
of that. Her arms were muscled now but not too much, just enough to make them
look slender. Just as her legs looked more slender, although her thighs still
needed some more work. But her calves and her ankles were great. Donna always
had had great long legs but now they were trained and toned they looked hot
again. 

&nbsp;

Her ass was great
too, though still a bit too big to be perfect. Her waist and belly looked fine,
but there was still a little too much feminine fat. Just as the gay doctor had
said, it would be almost impossible to train those last remnants of fat away.
The only thing that really disappointed her were her breasts. They were indeed
hanging as everybody noticed. Worse, now that the rest of her body was so fit,
her sagging breasts really drew attention. She lifted them a bit. With push ups
or a corset they still look great, Donna decided. She turned to the side to see
how she looked. But they definitely hang too much and they�ve become much too
flat. 

&nbsp;

She was a bit
disappointed she didn�t see a real change in her skin. It was more once you
looked close up that you saw she had less spots now. Some old scars had
disappeared, some birthmarks had disappeared but her skin was still much the
same. The forced tan that she now had was a much more noticeable change.
Strange that she felt so frustrated about it but the laser treatment that she
had been subjected to had been a waste of time, no matter all the pain that she
had suffered! 

&nbsp;

But her teeth
were a huge difference. Before, Donna�s teeth were a little bit yellowish and
now they were a bright white. When she smiled, Donna saw a perfect Colgate
smile, the kind that she had always wanted. Her old grey fillings were replaced
with white ones that disappeared against her natural teeth. The dentist even
had worked relentlessly on her jaws, enlarging surface of her teeth against her
gums while deep cleaning her teeth to their roots. It was the deep cleaning
that had caused such pain and she could see that her gums were still inflamed
from the harsh treatment. 

&nbsp;

When she smiled a
big smile, the diamond, or whatever it really was that had been mounted on her
tooth, was visible. Donna tried various smiles to see when the glittering stone
was visible and when it wasn�t. &quot;I wonder if it is going to draw attention
all of the time.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Much to her
relief, Donna could see that the diamond wasn�t such a big thing after all. She
could hide it in her normal life and flash her newly whorish smile, which Ms
Brendan wanted and forced her to have, in her new life. Oddly, Donna felt
grateful that Ms Brendan had not picked a more obvious setting to display the
flashy diamond. 

&nbsp;

At that, she sat
down on the edge of the small toilet, embarrassed with herself. She was
definitely changing; she could feel it. The constant sex, her erotic clothing,
the web sites, the pictures, so many sex toys, it had had an effect on her. She
was getting more and more accustomed to being immersed in constant sex and
sexuality. Donna had just checked herself out as if she was still a teenager
hunting boys, or worse, a slut prowling for men. Donna found herself accepting
the permanent changes to her own body so easily. Changes she never had wanted
nor had asked for. 

&nbsp;

&quot;It�s
normal, I guess. I�m just adjusting to this constant torture. Even my pain level
isn�t what it used to be anymore. I still have pain everywhere, especially
inside my vagina, but I�m still going to fuck Robert as many times as I can
today. I wouldn�t never have had the stamina a month ago or tolerated the pain
but now I do.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Donna braced
herself as the chill crept back into the tiny bathroom. &quot;If I don�t,
they�ll punish me and not necessarily with a harsh whipping or another rape.
They�ll do something horrible, probably to my daughters, or to Robert. So I
have to quit whining and get on with it. Focus on the job at hand and only
that.&quot; With that, Donna stood up and finished drying herself. She tiptoed
back into the cold dark bedroom to pick out new set of whorish clothing. 

&nbsp;

Robert woke up
and noticed someone sucking his dick. He lifted his body as he saw his lovely
wife in another outrageous outfit sucking him, smiling at him. 

&nbsp;

�Good morning,
Mr. Alldring,� Donna said, as she jerked his dick with one hand and took in a
long breath. �Had a good sleep?� 

&nbsp;

�Donna�� 

&nbsp;

�Shhhh,� Donna
said as she went down on him again. She moved her body in waves as she bobbed
her head up and down his erect shaft, making sure he saw her back and
especially her ass swaying seductively. At the same time, her hair stroked his
thighs and waist. When she was certain that Robert was awake and aroused
enough, she lifted her body up. Donna positioned herself on her knees, her
posture tall, a big smile on her face. One hand kept stoking his erection to
keep him in the mood. 

&nbsp;

Robert saw that
his wife was wearing a sexy white corset this time. It was tight around her
waist and pushed up her big breasts. The corset only covered a small part of
her breasts, leaving most of her cleavage and her erect nipples free. Around
Donna�s neck was a white lace collar. Her hair had tumbled loose this time,
nicely combed but disarrayed, even a bit wild, due to her sucking. It only made
her look hotter. His eyes went down from her smiling face to her big exposed
breasts, to her waist, her ass - no panties, just a shaved pussy, wet, right
there and obviously ready. 

&nbsp;

Donna rolled her
hips when she saw Robert ogling her now writhing ass, making the glittering
chain that dangled from her navel piercing sway seductively above her exposed
snatch. Robert looked at the perfect view he had of her hips for a moment and
then took in her pretty legs alongside his body. They were in light blue
fence-net stockings, the kind with the really large knit. It was obvious they
weren�t for the cold, just for the eye. Donna had completed the picture with
her white high pumps from yesterday. 

&nbsp;

Robert was
clearly amazed his wife would dress up like this. With some pride, Donna
noticed Robert�s wide eyes absorbing the picture of his sexy wife in the bright
light of the room, and clearly enjoying what he saw. 

&nbsp;

�Do I please you
sir?� she asked playfully. 

&nbsp;

�Yes, Donna, you
do�� 

&nbsp;

�Finally, an
answer without a �but�.� Donna was pleased with that. It encouraged her to
continue. She crawled on her knees upright over him, up to his waist. She made
sure he saw her well-curved body clearly, from her seductively smiling face, to
her swinging breasts, her swinging piercing, and most of all her wet and
waiting pussy. 

&nbsp;

This time she
could ride him, would ride him. The pain in her vagina was much less compared
to the night before, her skin less inflamed. Donna felt capable of being much
more involved now and thus much more in charge. 

&nbsp;

Donna expertly
slipped his hard-on inside her pussy. She slowly started to move her body up
and down, playing with her nipples to put on a show and smiling. Robert just
lay perplexed and looked at her. He clearly couldn�t understand his wife but
was aroused enough not to object. No, it would be clear to anyone looking that
Robert really enjoyed what was happening. His eyes told Donna that he loved the
view, admired her body. His eyes said how hot Robert thought she was and that
pleased Donna the most. 

&nbsp;

�I do have a nice
body, right Mr. Alldring?� She mocked at him, taking up her whore act again.
Robert nodded and she felt him coming to a climax. Fast, just as she had hoped.


&nbsp;

�Oh my, aren�t
you the early morning mister!� She said as she picked up the cell and started
to film the end of their first fuck session of the day. 

&nbsp;

Robert came
quickly, not even using his hands to touch her. She felt him spurt inside her,
saw him grunting. She filmed as much as she could, of Robert, of her pussy
riding his dick, and eventually of the semen leaking out of her vagina,
alongside his softening dick. Donna decided that she had better film their
faces, their smiles too, considering that Robert thought the video was just for
them. It would look weird if all the video had only their sex organs coated
with cum. 

&nbsp;

�That will be so
hot to look at later� Donna said as she laid the cell phone aside and returned
to suck his cum-coated dick one more time. Gross, but with a few quick swallows
she had the cum removed and was happily sucking him again. 

&nbsp;

Robert looked
around at the bright light in the room. �What time is it?� he asked. 

&nbsp;

�Around six, Sir,
we have like three hours of pleasure ahead for us,� Donna answered, trying to
sound as eager for more as she could. �That is, Sir, before your family will be
awake and might interrupt us.� 

&nbsp;

Donna wanted
another five fucks at least and hopefully more. She already had one and Robert
was getting hard again. All was going well. 

&nbsp;

�Donna, what has
come over you? Last weekend, you were also this horny. You�ve never been like
this,� Robert said. 

&nbsp;

Donna didn�t want
to get involved in a long discussion that would distract from the all of the
fucking that she wanted but she had to say something. 

&nbsp;

�I�m horny, and �
well, I just want you to remember me when you�re away. Between all those
beautiful Asian women and ... you know,� Donna replied, �I had to topple the
last weekend. So I just did what friends of mine suggested. And it seems to be
working.� 

&nbsp;

Robert shook his
head in disbelief but his cock was rock hard again. 

&nbsp;

�I appreciate
that but you� you do it too much in the open. The clothing you had on when we
arrived, what would people say? What would my family, my parents say? What
would people where I work say if they saw you looking like this? It could cost
me my job.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;It�ll cost
you lots more if I don�t,&quot; Donna said to herself as she sucked deeply once
again before she answered. 

&nbsp;

�Mr Alldring, if
you just would let go of what other people think, most of them would be jealous
of you. How many men have a beautiful slut available for all their needs? I am
beautiful, right?� Donna smiled and fell into one of her poses. She lay
backwards on her side, one leg bent at the knee, the other straight, toes
pointed, so that Robert had an excellent view of her breasts and pussy. Robert
didn�t dare complain when he was so obviously taking in the view that she gave
him. 

&nbsp;

�You�re right,�
Robert replied with a sigh but Donna knew that wasn�t the end of it yet. 

&nbsp;

&quot;He�s still
suspicious. And I�m actually glad about that. It means that he truly does know
me. He knows this is so against my character. He is going along for now because
he doesn�t want to hurt me � until he should find out what is really going
on.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Donna sucked him
for a while again as he laid back and enjoyed the feel of it, patting her
gently on her head. As Donna dutifully slaved away on the hard cock in her
mouth, it occurred to her that she had never done this with Robert before or
with anyone ever for that matter -- fucking, then sucking again and fucking
again.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;Funny,&quot;
Donna thought as she licked his shaft and smiled. &quot;I�m almost ready to
mount him again. I don�t mind doing this anymore, but before even� proposing a blow job after sex would have
made me just plain angry out of pure revulsion. From now on that attitude is in
the trash bin. Even if he finds out the truth�&quot; 

&nbsp;

The next three
fucks went by fast. Robert not only didn�t complain anymore but he vigorously
fucked Donna in any position that she offered. At the same time, Donna played
the happy hooker, apparently delighted in her 'work,' and more and more daringly.� 

&nbsp;

Telling him what
a big dick he had, what great stamina, what a cute face, how Mr. Alldring knew
how to treat a woman - all things she normally might have said, if she had felt
that way at the time. Now, none of it was real; now it was a show, and though
it pleased him obviously, it was clear to both she was just acting. 

&nbsp;

It was during the
fifth fuck when she dared to take him further, and pulled her carry-on bag from
underneath the bed as she sat on top of him, Robert�s hard dick planted firmly
inside her. 

&nbsp;

�What the �!�
Robert exclaimed angrily as he saw the contents. His eyes were big as saucers. 

&nbsp;

�They packed it
for me, hon.� She quickly defended herself, seeing his quick mood change �And I
figured�� 

&nbsp;

�This is too
much, Donna. You have to stop this right now. I mean the role play, the
clothing. Alright, I can play along for a bit. But this� this is just
sick.�� 

&nbsp;

He looked with
disgust at what was in the bag � several dildos in a rainbow of colors and
sizes, clamps, a whip, lingerie, corsets, a pile of flashy clothes, all crammed
into Donna�s small suitcase. 

&nbsp;

Donna�s mind
raced as he went on cursing at her, not even looking at the bag anymore. Donna
had to take control of the situation, had to get Robert to go along. She needed
pictures of them fucking, using those toys, her wearing those clothes.� 

&nbsp;

Donna let Robert
vent for a bit, spiting insults at her, making clear how hurt he was by what
she was doing. She felt pity for him, but he didn�t understand the situation
she was in and so she bade her time until he finally quieted down and she had
her chance. 

&nbsp;

�Mr Alldring,�
Donna said coldly, pretending to be angry, �now you just listen to me for a
change. These toys will be used on me. I want it and I know you�ll like it. Stop
being such a prude and hypocrite. Who was the man who wanted naked pictures of
this whore in the first place? Who probably shared those pictures with his
buddies during a drunken night out?� 

&nbsp;

From the look on
his face, Donna knew she had found Robert out cold. �That�s what got me in
these problems, mister� she thought annoyed. 

&nbsp;

�So now you just
enjoy these sex lessons and do like I say. All men like to see a sexy women
work her pussy with a big dildo. You are no exception, Mr. Alldring.� 

&nbsp;

�Let me see�,�
Donna chose a small pink vibrator from the bag and turned it on, �� where
should I put this?� 

&nbsp;

Robert looked
still angry but kept silent. Donna had never been the one who fought back when
Robert was upset. , so he was a bit taken aback. Usually she didn�t because he
was right, as he was now too actually. But now things were different and she
had to convince him that she wanted lots of hot sex and with toys too, that he
was wrong and needed to go along. Robert wouldn�t want to and her only chance
as she saw it was to press as hard as she could. �He will go along now, just to
avoid a discussion about him revealing the pictures�� Donna knew, and smiled as
she thought of this as a bit of a revenge. 

&nbsp;

She spat on the
vibrator, coated it with saliva and inserted it into her pussy until only the
black base stuck out. 

&nbsp;

�Come here, Mr.
Alldring,� Donna instructed. �Grab the base and start pumping it in and
out.�� 

&nbsp;

Donna grabbed
Robert�s hand and forced it to hold the vibrator. She guided his pumping
motionas she looked him dominatingly in the eye. �This is how I like it and I
know you�ll like it too, Mr. Alldring.� 

&nbsp;

She kissed him,
forcing her tongue deep inside his mouth, moaning and sucking on his tongue.
Donna lifted her breasts to his mouth, her nipples stiff and in front of his
eyes, and with a glance urged him to suck on them. 

&nbsp;

�Good, Mr.
Alldring, very good. And I see your penis is approving too.� Donna cooed,
watching Robert stiffen up nicely as he obediently licked at her nipples. 

&nbsp;

�Now, no more of
your foolish complaints. Nobody will know anything about what we do in this
room. You just use me any way that you like. Excite me with these sexy toys,
and we�ll do just fine together.� 

&nbsp;

Robert didn�t
answer but kept on pumping the vibrator into her. Donna�s forceful,
manipulative actions had Robert fully cooperating, even if he didn�t really
want to. Despite herself, Donna was proud of herself. True, being angry at
Robert made it easier to be demanding but, Her stern instructions were followed
by to the letter. 

&nbsp;

�Fuck me with
that dildo, Mr. Alldring, fuck me faster, harder. Make me cum.� And with that
she spread her bent legs to give her husband better access. It stretched her
pussy painfully. She also leaned back and arching her trained body seductively,
showing him all her goods as he was pumping the vibrator in and out of
her.� 

&nbsp;

�Get a bigger
dildo and shove it in me!� she said. She wanted Robert to take something from
the bag. That would make him fully responsible too, make him a true
compliant.� He couldn�t blame her anymore
after doing that. It would pave the way for her quota.� 

&nbsp;

Among all the
things Ms. Brendan wanted her to do, the only thing that scared Donna was anal
sex. &quot;They want me to do that with him and I can. But I�ve never done it
with Robert and he�s never wanted it. Now if I do it I�m pushing him.� What if he notices that I�m taking it way too
easy? Robert�s no fool. He�ll start to wonder what�s going on and I can�t have
him starting to snoop around�� 

&nbsp;

But as he stuck a
bigger dildo in her pussy, Donna took the risk and forced his hand to place the
small vibrator at her ass hole. She did it with her eyes closed. She lifted her
legs up into the air backwards, so her ass hole was accessible easily and
pushed, her hand over his, to insert the dildo in her back passage gently. 

&nbsp;

Donna moaned in
fake ecstasy and peeked out from under almost closed eyelids at his reaction.
Robert was on his knees, doing his best to pump both rods into her holes. She
had him eagerly participating! 

&nbsp;

�Amazing, the
power of a slut!� Donna told herself, feeling immensely proud. The next hour
was a complete power trip for Donna. She forced Robert to use more of the toys
on her, even the painful nipple clamps, and the whip. Though with the last, she
made sure that he stroked her gently, settling on a stroke that merely brushed
against her. Her skin was too sensitive and she was afraid it would leave
permanent marks. 

&nbsp;

And as she faked
orgasm after orgasm, Donna found that she could get Robert to cum again and
again, and he didn�t have to be pushed to film her anymore.� He filmed her filled front and rear with
dildos, took close ups of her breasts sporting shiny steel nipple clamps,
holding the whip in her mouth, offering her ass to a paddle, letting his cum
dribble over her lips and down her chin -- all sorts of obscene poses. Whatever
reservations he might have once had, Robert was finally enjoying it, and used
her as if she really was a prostitute. 

&nbsp;

It ended with
them taking a well deserved shower together. They had stopped as they had heard
people stumbling through the house, and kitchen wear clutter. From then on any
moment the kids could storm into the room, as they usually did when at
grandmother�s house, so it was best to stop. 

&nbsp;

�That was� well,
� different,� Robert said, almost as if he were speaking to himself as he sat
on the bed after the shower, putting on his socks. 

&nbsp;

�It�s not over
yet,� Donna replied as she came out of the bathroom with a bright smile,
wrapped in a tiny towel. 

&nbsp;

Robert looked at
her and finally noticed it. �What�s that on your teeth?� 

&nbsp;

�Excuse me?�
Donna answered, really not knowing what Robert was talking about. 

&nbsp;

�Something on
your teeth glitters when you smile.� Robert stood up and before she could do
anything had lifted her lip to see the diamond set in her tooth. 

&nbsp;

�You have
inserted something like a diamond in a tooth?� Robert asked in disbelief. 

&nbsp;

�Oh, hon, think
nothing of it�� Donna answered casually, still in whore-mode and thus not
seeing it as such a big thing.� 

&nbsp;

�Donna, this is
serious. This isn�t just a whim type of thing. This is permanent and thought
through, planned. You don�t just wake up one day and go to a dentist to ask him
to stick a diamond on your teeth. What is wrong with you? Why do you do these
things? It�s just like your piercing. You know I don�t like these things. And
especially a flashy, tawdry sort of thing like a diamond on your tooth. Why
didn�t you put a string of gold teeth while you were at it?� 

&nbsp;

Donna understood
this was something that her current role could not handle. Her mind raced
again, looking for a solution. Something that would give her back control. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Best
defense is an attack,&quot; Donna decided, and did just that. 

&nbsp;

�I like it, and I
did it yesterday, when I had a doctor�s appointment,� Donna spat back. �It is
permanent, much more than the piercing and still nobody notices. I mean, you
have seen me for two days and you finally see it just now.� 

&nbsp;

�It�s whorish. We
don�t do these things!� Robert replied, unconvinced. 

&nbsp;

�I like it. It�s
beautiful, and lots of women nowadays do it.� Donna said firmly.� 

&nbsp;

�I don�t believe
that. I haven�t seen even one of my colleagues� wives having done that. It just
isn�t done. It�s just plain ugly. It ruins your smile, your looks!� 

&nbsp;

�Robert�,� Donna
said calmly, �I like it, I did it, it�s done and if you love me, you�ll stop
complaining. Just as with the piercing, you just accept it, and just as with
the piercing you�ll like it eventually.� 

&nbsp;

�No! I don�t like
the piercing one bit either. You�ve been doing these things ever since I�ve
been gone. It�s as though you gone crazy or something. I don�t even know you
anymore. Who are these �friends� that are telling you to do these things?� 

&nbsp;

�Robert, don�t
lie to me. You lick and kiss my piercing every time we fuck.� You play with it every time. Don�t deny that.
And my friends don�t tell me what to do. I decided this for myself. I thought
it would be nice. Different than the boring people you know.� 

&nbsp;

�Donna�!� 

&nbsp;

�Don�t �Donna�
me, Mr. Alldring. I�m fed up with that. We have fucked in all sorts of
positions, doggy-style, from the side, me on top, if you didn�t notice. You
used me in all sorts of ways and I let you. We enjoyed a whole new kind of
lovemaking. With toys and role-playing and more.� Donna could feel the power
surge coming back to her. She was on a roll and there was nothing Robert could
say or do. �So don�t start this macho male thing with me. You don�t tell me
what to do. I do as I please. I even have my own job now. You�re going all the
time and I have to do everything on my own. I don�t want you to lecture me. I
know for myself what I can and cannot do. This diamond stays, as does the
piercing, and whatever else I decide to do to myself!� 

&nbsp;

They looked each
other in the eye, both angry. After a short standoff, Robert stood up, clearly
wanting to leave. 

&nbsp;

�No!� Donna said,
as she grabbed him and turned him to face her once again. She let her towel
purposely fall to the ground. �Don�t you run away from me, Mr. Alldring.� 

&nbsp;

Donna watched
Robert�s eyes drop to her piercing and she pushed up her breasts to remind him
what she had to offer. 

&nbsp;

�Don�t you leave
me alone now.� Donna murmured in a much softer, gentle voice. �I knew you
wouldn�t like it. I knew you would be angry.� She kissed him lovingly. �But I
wanted it. Wanted it so badly�� 

&nbsp;

�But why?� he
asked, softened by her gentleness. �Why Donna? You know it�s so slutty. It�s
trailer trash.� 

&nbsp;

�Haven�t you
noticed I matured sexually? Somehow you leaving me all alone has spurred my
interest in sex. I think of it much more. And when you�re with me, I want to
explore. Do kinky things.� Donna kissed him on his face, in his neck. 

&nbsp;

�I don�t know
what has come over me. But the piercing, the diamond, it isn�t that bad. Just
accept it, Robert, enjoy it. Know when you see it that I did it for you. To be
sexual attractive for you, and you alone�� 

&nbsp;

&quot;Boy, do I
lie easily now,&quot; Donna thought, surprising herself. 

&nbsp;

Donna looked her
husband deep into his eyes, to pull him over the line, make him accept what in
his heart he shouldn�t.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;I don�t
even want these things myself, hate them. That damn piercing gets stuck in my
clothing; it hurts when it gets stuck on something. It�s just one more way Ms.
Brendan tortures me. And Robert�s right, that bloody diamond is total trailer
trash.&quot; 

&nbsp;

�Okay, dear � I
don�t know why I put up with these things. I just love you too much.� Robert
said. 

&nbsp;

Donna felt all
the more guilty but she was happy that once again Robert had given in to her. 

&nbsp;

They kissed for a
long time, and she pressed her naked body to his body. Donna was tempted to go
for another fuck, but then her daughters barged in. 

&nbsp;

�Ooops, sorry!�
the girls laughed as they scurried out of the room again, sneaking little peeks
as they went. 

&nbsp;

�Just wanted to
inform you guys breakfast is ready!� Trixy shouted from the hallway as the
girls departed. 

&nbsp;

�We gotta go,�
Robert said as he hugged Donna lovingly.Donna�s mind was spinning. She had
needed more time. Robert had to go along with her new attire in public. 

&nbsp;

�Look�� She
didn�t know what to say! 

&nbsp;

�I� I�I want you
to support me�� 

&nbsp;

�Of course I
will,� Robert answered gently. 

&nbsp;

�No� I� I�ll test
you� No, I �� She didn�t know what to tell him or how. How could Donna get
Robert to� accept the clothes that they
had left her to wear? It seemed just impossible. 

&nbsp;

�Look� get
dressed and see me down stairs, ok?� Robert told her, kissed her and walked out
of the room. 

&nbsp;

Donna picked up
the towel and sat down on the bed. She felt as though the moment of truth had
arrived. She had to go down stairs wearing something kinky. Something the
family wouldn�t approve. Something Robert wouldn�t. He had forgiving her the
flight, the way she had arrived coated in ugly latex, her public exposure
dressed like a slut, the piercing and the diamond, the kinky sex but if she
continued her dressing up like a whore, -- no, that he wouldn�t tolerate. But
if she didn�t, Hell would await all of them... 

&nbsp;

A silence fell
when Donna entered the kitchen. Most of the family members were there, old and
young, and everyone gaped at the awkward person who strutted in. 

&nbsp;

Donna smiled
uncertainly. She had expected a reaction but now she began to wonder if she
could pull it off. As the seconds passed and nobody even so much as blinked,
Donna grew more certain that this was going very badly. Looks of surprise
changed to disgust as they saw what she was wearing. It was so different from
their casual t-shirts, jeans, and sweaters. The clicking of her high heels
echoed through the silent room as she walked up to the kitchen table. Under
angry stares, Donna sat down next to Robert, gently pushing a young nephew to
move over.� 

&nbsp;

She looked at a
beet-red Robert, not knowing quite what to say or how to act. The reaction of
the family, even though she anticipated something bad, was much worse than she
had imagined. Sitting there, it sunk in; Donna had not chance of pulling it
off. Her plan had involved an open discussion about what a woman could wear,
about her own freedom. She figured that in this family she was already seen as
a modern women and had the freedom to try out her new attire off without a
confrontation.� 

&nbsp;

She figured in
this family she was already seen as a modern women, and thus could do her new
attire off as a 'try-out', a rebellion against women�s oppression. But her
plan, the discussion that she wanted to have, needed some comment, someone to
make a remark, before she could start. The deadly silence was fatal to her plan
but there was nothing she could do. Donna didn�t dare to speak out first and as
time dragged on, she felt too ashamed of herself to maintain the buoyant,
rebellious mood that had carried her forward so far. And once out of it she
knew she was lost. 

&nbsp;

Seconds of utter
silence stretched into what seemed an endless vacuum. Even the children at the
table who couldn�t comprehend what was going on were looking at her, knowing
that she had done something bad. 

&nbsp;

�What has gotten
in to you?� Robert hissed at her, Too embarrassed to even look at her. He
nervously looked across the room at his mother, seeing she was about to
explode.� 

&nbsp;

The older woman
was at first flabbergasted, and just stood at the sink in shock. But Donna saw
her now slowly composing herself, and pure anger was taking over. Donna feared
the upcoming outburst. 

&nbsp;

A quick glimpse
at her daughters let her see how ashamed they were too. Donna knew she was on
her own. 

&nbsp;

�Let�s go, let�s
go for a ride�� she whispered back to Robert, eyes cast down. Anything to get
out of this room before the storm broke. 

&nbsp;

�Excuse me?� 

&nbsp;

�Let�s go, let�s
go for a ride!!� she pressed on. �Please!� 

&nbsp;

Donna had to get
out of there as soon as possible. She couldn�t handle this. This was worse than
she ever could have imagined. This silence� they all were insulted. They were
all angry. She had to get out, fast, before all Hell broke loose.� 

&nbsp;

Robert angrily
threw his napkin on the table and excused himself as he got up. Donna mumbled
something of an apology as she got up too. Still nobody said a word, all of
them looking at Donna, dressed as if she had stepped straight out of a lewd
porn movie. 

&nbsp;

�Quick!� Donna
whispered to Robert as he gave her an utterly degrading look.� She tugged at his sweater to get him to walk
to the door faster. No time for discussions right now. 

&nbsp;

�Sorry�� Robert
spat angrily at no one in particular and he took his wife by the arm roughly
towards the hall, out of the room and away. 

&nbsp;

As they exited,
an uncle arrived for breakfast who was as shocked as the rest. �What�?� he said
surprised as he walked by into the kitchen. Turning to see if he wasn�t
dreaming, holding the kitchen door open. 

&nbsp;

�Wait!� the angry
voice of Robert�s mom rang through the opened door as Donna was quickly zipping
up her short, too short leather jacket. 

&nbsp;

�Let�s go!� Donna
urged, knowing Robert�s mother would be on them any moment. Donna was frantic
to run away as fast as she could. 

&nbsp;

�How could you?�
Robert asked her cuttingly as he quickly slipped a scarf about his neck and put
on his long coat. He obviously wanted to move out fast too. 

&nbsp;

�What is this!?�
Robert�s mother had entered the hall all too soon �What is going on under my
roof!?� 

&nbsp;

�Sorry, Mom, I
don�t know but I�ll talk it over with Donna.� Robert said. He obviously didn�t
want a scene. 

&nbsp;

�Donna, what were
you thinking, coming into the kitchen like this? There are children present.
How dare you?� Robert�s mother berated Donna, ignoring her son completely.� 

&nbsp;

Donna didn�t know
what to say, and just stood silently, red-faced, staring down at her toes in
shame. 

&nbsp;

�We have been
good to you! We made you a part of our family. Yesterday, I put aside your
rudeness in arriving so late. I made excuses for you going to bed so early and
then the noise you made all night long. But this�this is a disgrace!� 

&nbsp;

Donna didn�t know
what to say. She felt completely defenseless, and she had caused it all by
herself. By her own actions. 

&nbsp;

�Last night we
put up a good face and laughed at what everyone could hear, your slutty cries,
the sounds that you made, saying Robert was making up for lost time. But I know
my Robert. He would never do that on his own. He respects me! He respects
women. I knew it was you! Now on top of that insult, you saunter in like the
common whore you were last night. No shame!�
No shame at all!! Showing of those saggy bags as if those are something
to be proud of! How dare you! You insult me on�
purpose! I don�t want you anymore in this house! You take your filth out
of here, and don�t come back anymore. You are not welcome anymore!� 

&nbsp;

�Mom, please��
Robert tried to intervene, angry at Donna but trying to save the situation.
�Let me handle this. I�ll fix it, make things up to you.� 

&nbsp;

�No!� His mother
cut Robert off. �I thought this girl was decent! What sort of woman comes
walking into a family kitchen filled with kids dressed like a whore?! You
married a slut. A whore. And she did it on purpose! She wanted to insult me!
Get out of my house! Get out!!!� 

&nbsp;

�Mom, that�s
enough!� Robert said. He pulled the door open and pushed Donna out into the
cold. Saving her from a more physical attack from his by now hysterical mother.


&nbsp;

With just her
small jacket on, Donna shivered as Robert continued to try to calm his mother
down. She continued to call Donna a whore, a slut, and whatever else came to
mind until Robert finally managed to shut the door. Donna had never seen her
this angry. She probably had never been.�


&nbsp;

�In the car!�
Robert commanded as he unlocking the doors with his remote.� 

&nbsp;

Donna quickly
walked up to the car in silence, and hopelessly lost. Ashamed of her own
actions, knowing she screwed up big time and also thinking of how this would
influence her task. Donna got in as Robert started the engine. As they pulled
away, Donna looked back to see his family watching them go. At the still open
front door, several still tried to calm his mother down. 

&nbsp;

�What the fuck
were you thinking!!!� Robert exploded when they turned the first corner. �How
could you walk into the kitchen dressed like that?! Haven�t you got any sense?
Did you deliberately want a fight with my mother?� 

&nbsp;

Donna kept silent
as Robert�s tirade went on. Soon she felt her tears well up and she started to
cry out of pure misery. What she had feared had happened. Her good relationship
with Robert�s mother had been shattered. With his whole family she had screwed
it up in just a mere seconds. How stupid she was; Robert was rightfully angry
at her. 

&nbsp;

It took more than
an hour driving before Robert finally cooled down. By then, they had driven far
away and he parked on a large empty parking lot. All the while he had shouted
at her, telling her how stupid she was, that what she had done was evil, that
she had insulted his family in the worst possible ways. 

&nbsp;

�Why, Donna?
Why?� Robert slumped over the steering wheel, staring out at the grey winter
scenery. �Why�?� He just couldn�t understand his new wife. 

&nbsp;

Donna just cried
and crawled up to him. Robert embraced her and they sat like that for a long time.
Donna crying, Robert talking to himself, trying to make some sense out of what
had happened. 

&nbsp;

�I will quit my
job, and come back�� he finally said. 

&nbsp;

�No�no, Robert,
no�,� Donna whispered softly back. 

&nbsp;

�What then,
Donna, what then? What can I do to stop this nonsense? What has gotten into
you?� 

&nbsp;

Robert�s sadness
pulled Donna out of her emotional break down. Listening to his sweet forgiving
voice, sensing his love for her, allowed Donna the chance to consider her
situation one more time. She thought about Vivian, and how easily, cruelly they
disposed of her. They would not hesitate to do the same to her family; of that,
she was sure. They couldn�t flee. There was no money, their credit cards were
almost all maxed out. They would go after their families, or find them. Escape
just wasn�t an option. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I�ve been
through a lot already. The only way to protect the people that I love is by
doing what I�m told. I�ve got to be strong now. I knew it could end up like
this but it isn�t the end of the world. Robert still loves me, and I still love
him. Our children love us. And they all will keep on loving me, no matter how
horribly I behave. So it�s best to bide my time. Until Ms. Brendan gets tired
of me or I find a way to get out.Maybe I�ll find a way to get back at her. Find
her weak spot. And if I go along, just like I did now, she might be less hard
on me and she�ll become less demanding, maybe only once a week thing or so. I
might negotiate something with her. When I�m old an ugly, she won�t want me. If
I wait and go along for now, I�m protecting his family by distancing myself
from them, and in the end, Robert will understand�� 

&nbsp;

Donna mustered up
all her will power. �I don�t know, Robert. I just wanted to play and play. I
loved it so much. You were so fantastic�� 

&nbsp;

Robert fell
silent for a while at this. Donna anxiously waited for his response. She hoped
he would fall for it.� 

&nbsp;

�I� don�t know
what to say�,� Robert muttered finally.�Don�t say anything. Drive to a motel��
Donna said. 

&nbsp;

She figured she
needed a place to sleep anyway, as his mother�s house was out of the question
now. His mother would not forgive her so easily as Robert � if she ever would.
If she got a room in a motel she could think things through, and but in the
mean time fuck him some more. Though the latter would be difficult; Robert
wasn�t in the mood, and she knew he would get angry at her again if she made
the slightest wrong move, gesture. 

&nbsp;

Robert was silent
again for a while and then shifted the car into drive. He pulled slowly out of
the parking lot and in silence they cruised the road for a motel. Donna
lovingly caressed Robert as he drove. She made sure not to make it erotic, just
a gentle and loving touch.� 

&nbsp;

Robert parked in
front of the reception of a small motel nearby. 

&nbsp;

�I don�t know,�
he said, lost in himself as he looked at the drab motel in front of them. Donna
wondered if Robert was aware of his surroundings at all. 

&nbsp;

�Just rent a
room�,� Donna suggested and cuddled against Robert�s side. Her head submissively
on his chest, facing down, playing the unprotected weak woman yielding to the
big man. It was so manipulative; she hated herself for it but she needed time
with Robert to patch things up. 

&nbsp;

Robert finally
got out of the car and went in. Donna watched him speak with the receptionist
as she sorted thing out. &quot;Robert knows I�ll have to stay at a motel
tonight. This one�s just as good as the next. But how will I maneuver Robert
into staying away from his family, his daughters and with me? Should I let him
pick them up and bring them here? No, that wouldn�t work, that would only make
them team up against me...&quot;� 

&nbsp;

And Donna felt so
much more at ease with just Robert there. &quot;But he won�t spend New Years
Eve without them. Maybe its best if I do without them, him �&quot; 

&nbsp;

Robert walked up
to the car. �I got us a room�� he said as he opened Donna�s door. 

&nbsp;

Donna stepped out
into the cold and together they walked to the rented room. She knew they would
look like a whore and her john. �And in a way, it is just that�� she figured. 

&nbsp;

Donna�s mixed
emotions tore at her. She was angry at herself but at the same time couldn�t
avoid a flood of self pity. She had been treated so badly lately. Nothing she
did was good enough. On top of that, bad luck always seemed to pop up. On the
other hand, she shamelessly had manipulated her husband into doing what she
wanted, not what he thought was right. All the flirting lessons, the sex
lessons � whatever natural skills that Donna had had before were enhanced now
to a level she never knew she was capable of. How easy it had been to wrap
Robert around her finger like any other man! �And in a way, it is just that��
she figured.� 

&nbsp;

As she looked at
Robert opening the door for her, she wondered how Robert failed to see right
through her act. Are all men so easily fooled? Even the one that�s supposed to
know you best? No woman would fall for her tricks. That was one of the worst
things about her tormentors. They knew all the female tricks as they were
females themselves. They do see through all her acts. It�s why they are so
successful in tormenting her, in dominating her, she understood now. 

&nbsp;

&quot;All the
more reason to continue with what they want me to do,&quot; Donna conceded as
she walked into the warm room. &quot;Until I can see past them, I can�t fight
them as an equal. I can�t see their weaknesses.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

Thinking these
insubordinate thoughts revived her spirits and made her a bit upbeat again.
&quot;I should not loose the will to fight them. Every time I�m down that is
what brings me up again. And it is something I should do. I should never stop
fighting them, even though I temporarily have to give in.&quot; 

&nbsp;

She looked around
the room, seeing the two beds, the television, the small kitchen, the dingy
walls. Robert turned up the heat and unbuttoned his coat. The cheap furniture,
the ugly colors, it fitted her current situation. Just another punishment that
she deserved. 

&nbsp;

�What do we do
now?� he said as he sat down on one of the beds.� 

&nbsp;

The bed banged
against the wall as though it were about to collapse. Donna walked up to him,
making sure he saw how hurt she still was. She kissed him long and
passionately. When she let go, she stood upright in front of him. She had
unzipped her jacket, so he got see her attire. 

&nbsp;

�I don�t know,�
she said seductively. 

&nbsp;

Donna looked her
husband in the eye and caressed his face, guiding his hand to her�s. They
touched each other for a long time, looking in each other�s eyes until she bent
forward and kissed him, gently pushed him back onto the bed. 

&nbsp;

They made out for
a while, slowly at first. Donna let him build up his stamina, his lust for her.
She knew that this time she had to let Robert control their love making. All
she could do, had to do, was to follow his lead, let him believe that she liked
everything he did. 

&nbsp;

�I love you,
Robert,� Donna whispered and kissed his neck. 

&nbsp;

After a long time
he finally was getting in to it. Donna made sure she pressed herself closely to
him, that they kissed a lot, so he could only see her face. She tried her best
to hold his gaze to keep him in his love mode. This time, he shouldn't fuck
her; this time, it had to be real love making. The ultimate seduction. Maybe
after that, Robert would be on her side again or at least not against her. 

&nbsp;

It was the first
time of the weekend they were truly making love. No role playing, just passion.
Donna felt so close to him and above all, she felt safe. Somehow, Robert would
protect her against the evil that was overwhelming her. His love for her would
pull them through.� 

&nbsp;

And she noticed
Robert�s mood had changing. He wasn�t complaining anymore; to the contrary; he
was gently enjoying her body, as he lovingly slipped off her clothing. The
trashy, filthy stockings, whorish pumps, the corset, it was just in the way now.


&nbsp;

�You�re so
beautiful� Robert said sincerely, looking at her as if seeing her in some new
way. Donna wondered what he might be thinking. She repaid the compliment with
another long kiss. 

&nbsp;

It was a
beautiful love session. They slowly aroused each other, comfortable with each
other�s body, how to touch and kiss, what pleased the other. When they were
both undressed, he slowly, caringly entered into her vagina, waiting whenever
she made the slightest noise of discomfort. She faked that part a bit, just to
make sure make sure his caring nature was nurtured. 

&nbsp;

When his penis
finally did enter her totally, they began to rock slowly in unison. Constantly
they were kissing, embracing, caressing. Robert slowly rolled her over and they
went into the missionary position � how they normally made love. No more Robert
towering over her, eying her body like an animal. No more rough thrusting into
her, no more playing the wanton slut. No, this time, Robert pressed against her
as they kissed, only their hips moving. The gentle way of love making worked
wonders to her own arousal, filling Donna with an energy that made her feel so
good. She felt her vagina was wet and leaking but this time from pure arousal. 

&nbsp;

Robert was better
too; after all his recent sex, Robert could hold on much longer than ever
before. She felt so good just laying there, rocking her hips with his, feeling
his penis inside her, having him kiss her, love her. Loving the old Donna.� 

&nbsp;

And even when he
finally came, he was gentle. He bucked just a little bit harder, after she just
had reached her own peak. Donna felt his warm sperm inside her, felt it shoot
out of his penis, deep into her womb. After that, they laid together for a long
time, embracing one another, not saying a word. Donna knew she had the old
Robert back again. She had pulled it off. 

&nbsp;

�You know Donna,�
Robert finally said as he rolled onto his back to stare at the ceiling �it�s
weird how your behavior lately has been so out of place.� 

&nbsp;

Donna looked at
him wondering if she should tell him everything. Now was the right moment, she
knew. Now his love for her was at its peak.�


&nbsp;

�Especially since
my career has had such a huge upturn. It�s like I can�t have both. When our
lives were going along without much future, you behaved normally. It was my job
that was frustrating. I couldn�t get my career going, not matter what I did.
Now my career is booming -- and I really mean booming -- and you seem to be
doing your best to ruin our personal life.��


&nbsp;

Robert turned to
his wife and caressed her cheek, and looked her in the eye. �I still love you
very much and I do love the way you try to please me sexually. Even if it is
much too much for me, too kinky.� 

&nbsp;

Donna started to
say something, to explain everything to him but he gently silenced her a finger
across her lips. She knew that she had to let him talk first. 

&nbsp;

�I mean, can you
imagine, Ms. Brendan calls me almost daily with compliments. She�s showing real
interest in my work. And I�m doing a terrific job for her! My colleagues envy
me. Everyone says a big promotion is on the way. If this marketing project
keeps going as perfectly as it has �til now, we�re rich for the rest of our
lives! Can you imagine?� 

&nbsp;

Mentioning Ms.
Brendan made Donna hesitate and think again about coming out. What was Ms.
Brendan was up to? Donna knew Ms. Brendan didn�t call Robert just to talk about
work but also as warning to her that she even controlled her husband, had him
under her thumb too. 

&nbsp;

�And you�re being
good friends with her, something Ms. Brendan mentions all the time, is
certainly working out fine for me.�� 

&nbsp;

Donna felt tears
welling up in her eyes as she realized what really was going on. 

&nbsp;

�I don�t mind my
colleagues thinking that she promotes me because of that. I can handle that and
I see it as a lucky happenstance that I deserve after all the hardships. But I
think she�s a bad influence on you. I know you go out with her and I know about
her dark side. The word is that she�s a lesbian and they say she lives a pretty
wild personal life��� 

&nbsp;

Robert rolled on
his side and looked at her intently.� 

&nbsp;

�She�s the one
who told you to play this awful role, � this whore thing, for me, right? Ms.
Brendan told me that she would convince you to be good to me because I did such
a good job for her.� 

&nbsp;

Robert rolled
back on his back. �You know, I don�t like it that you�re such good friends with
her and her crew. But as it is we�ll just have to go along for now.�� 

&nbsp;

Robert looked at
her again. �I just want you to know that Ms. Brendan is incredibly powerful. I
mean� she knows everyone, even every key person in the Asian market. She knows
them all and my colleagues say that she knows everyone in America and Europe
too. She has the power to make me and break me. If she wants to, she can destroy
me, and I mean really �destroy.� And she let�s me know it too. If I fail, if we
fail, in any way to please her, she can and will ruin us. I�ve heard stories�� 

&nbsp;

He fell silent
and Donna looked at her husband, staring at the ceiling, lost in thought. She
knew now Ms. Brendan had her husband under her control too. Robert was afraid
of her too, be it for his job, his career, which meant everything for him. 

&nbsp;

�I don�t want to
scare you off. Just stay friends with her and be careful. You�re the weak
link.� Robert turned back to her as he said that. 

&nbsp;

�Don�t get me
wrong,� he tried to assure her. �I don�t mean it as badly as it sounds and I�m
at fault too. But it�s so strange that she likes you so much. It would ruin us
if she gets mad at you and, because of you, at me.�� 

&nbsp;

He fell back on
his back, looking guilty. 

&nbsp;

�I�m no saint
either,� he confessed quietly. �But you dressing up as you did, coming off the
plane, coming down to breakfast the way you were, if she found out, she
wouldn�t hesitate to take me off the project, and worse�� 

&nbsp;

Donna looked at
her troubled husband. He genuinely feared Ms. Brendan. What stories had he
heard? What fucked up things she does business wise?� And she believed him based on her own
experience that she would ruin him, them, in a blink. 

&nbsp;

�She hates sexual
harassment. She�s fired men and women for inappropriate behavior on numerous
occasions. Everybody knows. She keeps her private life private, you understand?
When she told you to play this sex game of yours, she meant just for me, not
the whole family. You took it too far.� 

&nbsp;

Now Donna felt
truly lost. Ms. Brendan was even smarter than she feared. Ms. Brendan�s private
life was some vast secret, save for a few vague rumors that circulated in
public. At the same time Ms. Brendan was forcing Donna to behave publicly in
ways that she herself could not, and worse she could and would punish Robert if
Donna failed her in any way. Donna had to admit it was a perfect plan. If Donna
did as was told, Ms. Brendan had even more power to ruin their lives. If she
didn�t, she would hear about it through Robert and the vision of Vivian
appeared in her mind, telling her to stand up to the bitch, only to be killed
without hesitation.� 

&nbsp;

Donna looked at
Robert, frustrated. Her problems were only getting worse. 

&nbsp;

�Did she made any
sexual advances to you?� Robert asked, not looking at her.Donna now rolled also
on her back, and looked up at the ceiling.�


&nbsp;

�No�� she lied.
�But she did tell me to pleasure you,� she�s� mmm � is more liberated.� 

&nbsp;

�She�s a strong
personality,� Robert acknowledged. �She forces her will onto everybody as she
did with you. I don�t want her as an enemy but you have to somehow let her know
that you have different tastes. That I have different tastes. I can�t imagine
that she would want you to walk about in public looking as you did.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;If only you
knew,&quot; Donna thought. 

&nbsp;

At that moment
both their cell phones rang simultaneously. Donna�s had set the volume lower on
hers but in the quietness of the room it was still too loud to her liking. But
she had been too afraid to miss a call to risk putting it on silent mode.� 

&nbsp;

Robert picked his
phone up. �Shit! It�s Ms. Brendan, turn that stupid ring tone off!� Donna
scrambled to find her phone and finally grabbed it from her purse. 

&nbsp;

�Hello?� they
said simultaneously.� 

&nbsp;

Of course she had
Ninon on the line. 

&nbsp;

�How�s it going
little slut?� Ninon asked teasingly. 

&nbsp;

Donna watched
Robert turn away from her and speak with Ms. Brendan. She knew this was some
sort of set up. How did they know that Robert and she were together? Could
someone be spying on them even here? 

&nbsp;

�Okay, Ms.
Bondain,� Donna answered as she looked out the window. The curtains were closed
but she parted them about. Was someone watching them? How could they know?
&quot;I�m getting paranoid,&quot; Donna told herself. 

&nbsp;

�Are you still
following the rules?� Ninon asked. 

&nbsp;

�I� well, I�� 

&nbsp;

�Figures.� Ninon
said in a disapproving tone �You are very stubborn, Cutty. By now, you must
know the consequences. What is it now?� 

&nbsp;

Donna looked at
Robert, who glanced at her briefly and then went back to his call. &quot;Ms
Brendan is asking him the same thing...&quot; she knew. Now she was in big
trouble. 

&nbsp;

�It was just
horrible, Ms. Bondain. His family, his mother � they totally went crazy when
they saw me in the clothing you wanted me to wear. I just couldn�t�I mean, I
really tried but... We even had to get out of the house. His mother...� 

&nbsp;

�Well, at least
you tried,� Ninon interrupted. �And now? What are you planning now? You have so
many things to do still. The good thing in all this is that is you have your
customer all to yourself. No more pesky family to distract him. You can at
least reach your quota.� 

&nbsp;

�Yes, Ms.
Bondain, but�� 

&nbsp;

�No �buts�
anymore please, Cutty. Just get on with it. Be the sex addict that you�re paid
to be. Ms. Brendan will be so angry if she doesn�t get her money�s worth. And I
don�t need to remind you what that will mean for you�� 

&nbsp;

Donna looked
miserably at Robert, who was in a deep conversation with Ms. Brendan. The set
up was all too clear. Robert was now telling on her without knowing it, and
Donna had been clearly told to revert to the whore they wanted her to be. 

&nbsp;

As she saw
Robert�s body language it spoke clearly of his abject submission to his boss.
Whatever Ms. Brendan was saying Robert wouldn't dream of standing up to her. He
was too afraid of Ms. Brendan. Donna was on her own. 

&nbsp;

�Okay, Ms.
Bondain,� Donna answered, all hope to be saved lost for now. �I will do as
told.� 

&nbsp;

�Not as told, as
paid for,� Ninon corrected. 

&nbsp;

�Okay, as paid
for,� Donna parroted. 

&nbsp;

�Call you later,
Happy New Years Eve,� Ninon said and hung up. 

&nbsp;

Donna had to wait
a long time before Robert finished his phone call. From what she overheard it
was mainly business, but every now and then she heard Robert remarking about
Donna, specifically her behavior. 

&nbsp;

She looked at
herself, naked, without the usual shoes, whorish attire. That was still laying
beside the bed. Slowly, she fumbled her way back into her clothes while Robert
was talking. It was what they wanted, wasn�t it. She was dressed up again when
he hung up, and turned back to her. 

&nbsp;

�She wants me to
go back to Asia as soon as possible so I�m taking the morning flight.� Robert
ran his hands through his hair as if trying to wake from a bad dream. �That
cuts my long weekend a few days short but Ms. Brendan insisted.� 

&nbsp;

Robert looked at
her, saw how Donna was dressed again. �She asked me if I was happy with the way
you were acting out for me, if you were acting out for me.� 

&nbsp;

Donna didn�t know
what to say. She knew Robert felt Ms. Brendan�s words like a betrayal. Their
most private moments were being discussed, guided even, by his boss, and all
thanks to his weak wife. Donna felt like that too, especially now that she was
dressed up in her slutty attire. It made the picture perfectly clear for Robert
and he wouldn�t believe her if she told him that she had done everything all by
herself. 

&nbsp;

�I have to leave.
Mother will be so disappointed that I�m leaving so soon, not to mention what
else has been going on.� Robert began to quickly get dressed. �I don�t think we
have enough time to mend things with the family. I�ll go back to Mother�s and
have Julie and Trixy bring your bag to you tomorrow morning. You can catch a
taxi tomorrow to the airport and fly home on our own. No use in staying here
any longer, I would say...� Robert had his hand on the doorknob.� 

&nbsp;

There was another
long, terrible silence. Donna was on the verge of breaking down as she heard
that her husband was would abandon her. And he was right. Now he had to leave
so soon there was no hope she could recon ciliate with his mother, his family.
It was best to just go back as soon as possible.� Worse, as she had not only lost the family,
but she also would never reach her quota of fucks. And on� top of that they knew she broke the rules
this weekend. Her mind spinned as she thought what ms Brendan would do to her,
what would be her punishment now? 

&nbsp;

Robert walked out
of the door, and turned before closing it.�


&nbsp;

�Look Donna,� he
said �Just delete all the pictures and film you made. Let�s start with that.
And no more freakiness. I think that�s for the best. Just try to act normally
from now on. We�ll work the rest of it out. Somehow we�ll work it out, okay?� 

&nbsp;

Donna nodded, at
a loss for words, knowing that what Robert asked seemed simple to him but was
impossible for her. 

&nbsp;

Robert closed the
door and she watched him through the window walk to his car. He got in, started
the engine and drove away. She felt incredibly lonely when she saw the car
disappear from view. She turned and looked at the small depressing room that
was her place for the night. It felt like a punishment for her stupidity. She
deserved this. 

&nbsp;

Donna was still
standing, looking out the window, when darkness fell. She didn�t even bother to
turn on the lights. The hours past with her standing comatose. Her mind cycled
time and again through a loop of images and feelings, reliving what had
happened, asking herself again and again what she might have done differently.
She knew that the pictures in the beginning were not the real reason why she
was in so much difficulty now. She had went along out of curiosity, thinking
she could stop at any moment. She hadn�t thought it through, hadn�t expect to
be taken by someone as powerful and devious as ms Brendan. 

&nbsp;

She knew she
couldn�t blame herself for that, yet she did. She shouldn�t have been so na�ve.
She blamed herself for letting herself be abused, she shamefully thought of the
trip to the Caribbean, where she had been gang raped. She shouldn�t have
accepted the alcoholic drinks that time. Every scene she went through, she knew
she should have acted differently. How happy she was when she had been offered
a new job, how foolish she was to accept it! Vivian was dead because she
couldn�t take care of herself. She should have fought herself, not involve
others. And her lack of fighting power was like a red line through all her
actions after that, up to her latest blunder with Robert�s family. 

&nbsp;

It was this
latest thought that brought Donna out of her fog. Donna had to fight. She just
had to. And that would be her New Year�s resolution. Donna would mark her New
Year by resisting Ms. Brendan. Not upfront, but Donna would start to resist as
much as possible until she found a way to get herself and her family out of Ms.
Brendan�s clutches.� Her first act of
defiance was already clear to her. 

&nbsp;

Donna picked up
her phone and fumbled with it until she figured out how to delete the pictures.
&quot;Robert doesn�t want them. I don�t want them, so they�re going to
disappear.&quot; With that, she pressed the delete option and wiped out all of
the movies and pictures stored. &quot;They�ll be angry but they won�t have any
personal pictures of me, of us, having sex. I already have punishment waiting
for me and I can always say it was by accident� I truly am not that good with
these devices.� 

&nbsp;

Happy with this
small step towards freedom, Donna waited for the New Year to come. She had a
few coins and bought a soda from the vending machine in the hallway. The
countdown was on TV. When the fireworks lightened up the screen, she cheered,
gave herself a hug and sipped her soda, ready to face Ms. Brendan anew. 













No character is or ever was real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this 

story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the author.



Copyright 2007 by Bokkey.



Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com



Chapter 39 - Her Friends Try To Correct Her



They had been waiting for her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donna had barely arrived at her house after the long flight home when they showed up at her doorstep and forced themselves inside.&nbsp; Exhausted and frustrated, Donna had fight left and just let them in. 

She knew what was coming and she wasn�t in the mood to face them.&nbsp; Not only was she still dressed in whorish outfit that she had worn on the plan but she just had collapsed on the couch with a drink trying to relax, transfixed by her situation.&nbsp; She had nearly dozed off into a much-welcomed sleep.&nbsp; Now she was wide-awake and trying to fend her friends off, no matter how well intentioned they were.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

They pushed her back down on the couch, ready to tell Donna exactly what they thought of their old friend and her slutty new ways.&nbsp; Their faces radiated their determination and Donna knew that her friends had egged each other on as they drove over.

Donna sized up her friends facing her.&nbsp; This had to happen sooner or later, Donna knew that, but now was such a bad time.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her mind was just not ready for this.&nbsp; She was deadly tired and she had not begun to recover from her falling- out with Robert�s family.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donna hadn�t figured out yet what to do with her current situation, how to face Ms. Brendan.&nbsp;&nbsp; What to tell her friends was something Donna hadn�t had a chance to begin to think about.&nbsp; 

No matter, her friends were forcing Donna to focus on them, obviously because of the rumors they had heard and the lack of news from Donna�s side. 

�What is happening to you?� Tammy started.&nbsp; �Bridgette told us everything.�

�How can you do this with Vivian just dead?&nbsp; Have you no shame?� Samantha added, her disgusted at the way Donna was dressed all over her face.

�You should be ashamed.&nbsp; I can�t imagine Robert would approve of you dressed that way, being seen in public looking like that ... My God, traveling on an airplane with everyone staring at you like that,� Tammy smirked.

�Look�� Donna tiredly responded.&nbsp; �I��

�I wouldn�t believe it if I didn�t see it with my own eyes, � Tammy said to the others as if Donna hadn�t said a thing.&nbsp; �You were right, Bridgette.�

Donna shot Bridgette an angry look, who, in turn, couldn�t look Donna in the eye, and instead just smiled nervously at Tammy.&nbsp; Donna understood that Bridgette had told the group everything, just as Donna had feared she might.&nbsp;&nbsp; Exactly why she had not chosen Bridgette in the first place!

�Don�t you dare give Bridgette a dirty look, Donna,� Dolores reprimanded.&nbsp; �You're the one who had better explain herself.�

�Well?� Tammy pushed too.

�Tell us!� Dolores shouted in Donna's face.

�I don�t want to!� Donna snapped back.&nbsp; �I have something going on in my life and I�m dealing with it.&nbsp; If Bridgette told you everything, I don�t have to explain myself!&nbsp; Ask her if you want to!�

Donna's frustration turned to anger, fueled by an exhaustion that made her sick to her stomach, as she hopelessly looked for what story to tell them.&nbsp; She couldn�t possibly tell them the truth.&nbsp; That much she understood.&nbsp; But what could she tell her friends that would convince them and persuade them to let her be?&nbsp; She wanted to deal with Ms. Brendan on her own for now, try to find a weak spot, and then call the cavalry.&nbsp; Hauling them into her miserable situation would just endanger everyone.

�You were the last to see Vivian alive, Dillon told us and yet the very next day you�re in this weird therapy as if nothing happened,� Tammy accused.

�I had to! Why do you think I met with Vivian? She was supposed to help me out. And then she died and I had to find someone else and I had to act quickly.� Donna defended.&nbsp; It was actually the truth.&nbsp; Her friends would never belief her, Donna could see that now.

�Couldn�t you at least have waited a decent bit of time before you decided to slut around � oh say, a few minutes?� Tammy sneered.

Her friends clearly had come to straighten Donna out but they couldn�t comprehend what their old friend had become.&nbsp; They were convinced that they had to rescue Donna from whatever mess she was in.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donna had to change their minds.

�Go ahead.&nbsp; Make fun of it!&nbsp; I have a very serious situation to deal with and I just pushed on.&nbsp; Don�t you see that I am as upset by Vivian�s death as any of you?&nbsp; The police were here questioning me.&nbsp; Dillon called me that night � I mean, have a heart!�

�That�s exactly what we want you to have,� Dolores said, much too sharply.

Donna gave her an angry look but couldn�t find the words to respond.

�We want you to quit this ridiculous therapy, Donna, and behave normally.&nbsp; You know, just act the way we know you.&nbsp; Simple as that.&nbsp; I, for one, don�t believe for a minute that you are doing this because of a mental illness.�

�Well, I do!&nbsp; Go and ask my therapist.�

Donna couldn�t think of any choice other than to go along with the lie that she was living. Anything else would just make the situation worse.&nbsp; If she invented a new story now, she might make mistakes.&nbsp; But if she embraced the lie that she had been living, at least her story would be consistent.&nbsp; But her friends weren�t so easily fooled.&nbsp; They had known her too long to just accept the �new� Donna.&nbsp; They were naturally taken aback by her appearance. Donna could see their eyes ogle her non-stop, disgusted by what they saw.&nbsp; What she had done, what they must think she was doing, what Bridgette had put in their minds, if it were possible, was even more disgusting to them.&nbsp;&nbsp; How could she admit openly her desire to fuck herself with a dildo -- as Bridgette had obviously told them -- and, worse, as Donna had just confirmed? 

The increasingly heated discussion therefore didn�t go at all well.&nbsp; Tammy, Dolores and Samantha were the ring leaders, constantly digging, refusing to be put off, trying to find out the truth behind Donna�s actions, the reasons for her sudden change.

Donna was afraid she would make a slip of the tongue and endanger everyone.&nbsp;&nbsp; She hated having to defend a life she didn�t want at all.&nbsp; Instead, she mustered her spirits and stuck to her story.&nbsp; Leaving out the facts of her blackmail, Ms. Brendan�s domination, Ninon, and all of the rest, Donna told them how badly she craved sex, about urges that overwhelmed her and she couldn�t fight.&nbsp;&nbsp; How she had suppressed her sexual cravings for too long and now was undergoing therapy to heal herself.&nbsp; No matter how convincingly she told the cover story of the lie she was living, her friends just didn�t buy it.&nbsp; They didn�t want to believe these terrible things about Donna, things that were so foreign to their world.

�Look�,� Donna said at last with obvious tension.&nbsp; �I can�t seem to convince you all that I have this problem.&nbsp; You see me dressed like this and you know now that I go out in public dressed like this. You haven�t seen me in a while so you don�t know.&nbsp; You can�t call me anymore because I�m constantly out of the house and I have a new cell number.&nbsp; If all that I am telling you doesn�t convince you that I have problems, I don�t know what does.&nbsp; And frankly, I prefer to deal with them alone...for now.�

Donna was tired of their probing, their digging, and felt as thought she was about to explode.

�Do you sleep with other men?� Sandy asked, totally ignoring Donna�s pleas that they stop.&nbsp; She had been silent until then, save for more than one disapproving smirk at answer that Sandy had concluded were lies.&nbsp; It was obvious that Sandy had analyzed everything Donna had said and now was find her way to the truth. Sandy�s recent bad experience with her philandering husband had made her suspicious of any woman even so much as talking to her husband and Donna understood that Sandy was hinting that Donna had another man in her life.

�No,� Donna cautiously answered, remembering her adventure on the Caribbean and thinking about all the flirting that she had been doing lately.

��No� as in �No, not yet�?� Sandy pressed on.

�I don�t want to cheat on Robert,� Donna replied.&nbsp; �That�s why I seek help. Before it all goes to far.�

�Don�t you come near my husband.� Sandy blurted out.

Her remark was crass and hostile but understandable.&nbsp; Sandy was still embarrassed and frustrated that she was a victim of her husband�s mid-life crises.&nbsp; She was making sure that Donna would not visit more emotional pain on the betrayed housewife.

�I am not after anyone�s husband!� Donna screamed. 

�Well, not yet anyway,� Tammy snorted.

�Do you meet other men?� Bridgette asked. 

This placed Donna in a tough spot.&nbsp; Sooner or later, Bridgette was going to hear about Donna�s escapades, if she hadn�t already, during the therapy sessions.&nbsp; Clearly Bridgette had not told the others yet about this part of Donna�s new life, else they would have attacked her on front as well.&nbsp; Donna concluded that Bridgette didn�t know about that yet, which was fine for now. 

�I � am approached by several � especially when I�m dressed like this��

�Don�t you dare come near our husbands while you are acting like this, Donna,� Sandy said vehemently. �Or any of our houses or��

Well, that�s fine with me, Donna thought but wisely kept her mouth shut.

�Are you on drugs?� Tammy tried.

�No!� Donna cried out �Why is it so fucking difficult for you all to understand that I have a problem that is psychological?&nbsp;&nbsp; Something just got into my mind, and I can�t get it out.&nbsp; It is taking control of me and I�m fighting it as I can.&nbsp; I�m seeing a fucking psychiatrist and I even have Brigitte joining me in therapy sessions that are unbelievably humiliating.&nbsp; Bridgette can confirm all of this, and I can�t understand why she fucking told you my personal business to you!�

�We�re not buying it, Donna!� Dolores shouted back.

Donna was actually so happy with this statement.&nbsp; Her friends did know her!&nbsp; They refused to swallow the bullshit story that Donna was trying to sell them.&nbsp; At the same time, their loyalty was Donna�s biggest problem.&nbsp; She needed to convince her closest friends to bug off, at least for a while -- if only for their own safety.

�What do I have do to convince you?� Donna turned on her accusers, faking anger �Fuck myself with a dildo in front of you?&nbsp; I�m dressed like a slut while traveling out in public, and I visited my husband�s fucking parents like this.&nbsp; I am living the life of a slut, can�t you see?�

 �This all also explains the behavior of your daughters.� Dolores coolly remarked.

�What about my daughters?� Donna asked, immediately at full attention. 

�Well, Julie dresses a lot more daringly lately. And she mingles with the wrong kind.�

�Wrong kind� meant blacks to Dolores, Donna knew.&nbsp; Delores was so hypocritical that it was funny.&nbsp; After all, Delores was from Mexican descent but she was the biggest racist of them all.&nbsp; Donna sighed with relief; she didn�t mind if Julie mingled with the blacks at school. That wasn�t bad in her eyes at all. Not by a long shot.

�And her new friends are being watched by the police.&nbsp; I bet that they�re gang members or something.&nbsp; You didn�t notice anything strange in her behavior, did you?&nbsp; Have you seen her lately?� Dolores continued, not really trying to learn anything and just trying to hurt Donna�s feelings.

�And Trixy is really under the influence of that girl from that weird family� what�s their name,� Tammy asked, snapping her fingers when she couldn�t remember the family name.

�I know which family you mean. Yes, they are strange,� Dolores agreed.

Donna hadn�t noticed anything strange in her daughters last weekend, but then she really hadn�t much of them.&nbsp; Donna had been to busy.&nbsp; However, she knew her friends had to be exaggerating the facts, just to get to her. 

They aren�t that convincing, Donna told herself, and decided to make that clear.

�My daughters are fine; I talked to them just yesterday remember?&nbsp; You, Dolores, you think every black boy is a gang member or worse.&nbsp; As a Latino isn�t that rather silly on your part, don�t you think, mixto? And a �strange� family is a very vague statement.&nbsp; Does that mean they don�t want to mingle with you all?� Donna smirked at them.

�Suit yourself.� Dolores replied, obviously angry at the insult but restraining herself. 

At that moment, Donna�s house phone rang and she used the call as an excuse to escape her friends and get away from the explosive atmosphere. 

�Hello?� she asked as she looked at her friends who were impatiently waiting for her to return. 

She walked away from them into the kitchen to avoid their prying eyes.

�Donna?� It was Robert.

�Are you in Asia already?� Donna asked pleasantly surprised.

�No, I�m at the airport.� He said with an angry tone. �Look, I asked you to delete those pictures, and here I am getting an automated message from you to look them up on a specific web-site.&nbsp; And you didn�t even put a password on it!&nbsp; The whole bloody world can see us fucking!�

To say that Donna was surprised by this was an understatement.&nbsp; I deleted the pictures for sure, she told herself, thought, as she ran into the room to find her phone, totally ignoring her friends. What evil trick has Ms. Brendan played on me this time?

She checked her phone as Robert continued to complain angrily, shouting at her to remove the pictures from the site at once.&nbsp; Donna wanted nothing more than to oblige to his request, but she hadn�t a clue how the pictures and movies got on that site. She didn�t even know what site he was talking about!&nbsp; She checked her phone and couldn�t find any pictures or movies; she was right, everything had been deleted.

Her mind raced through the possibilities.&nbsp; Someone could have stolen the pictures, and placed them on the Internet.&nbsp; No, Donna concluded.&nbsp; If that were the case, Robert wouldn�t be getting messages about it.&nbsp; The obvious explanation was Ms. Brendan, and Donna shook her head in despair.&nbsp; Somehow, Ms. Brendan had done this.&nbsp; They took the pictures from my cell somehow and loaded them on the Internet, and made sure that Robert found out.

That meant also that Donna had to go along with this new scheme and that they expected her to pretend that she had posted those pictures and movies on the Internet, and now had to convince Robert to accept it.&nbsp;&nbsp; She quickly forced herself to focus on this new assignment.&nbsp; Donna closed her eyes, breathed deeply and blocked out her friends looking at her wondering what was going on, and then blocked out Robert swearing in her ear.

�Robert�� She replied calmly �I know it is a bit odd, but I found the pictures and movies too� nice to delete.�

�What?� Robert said, angry but clearly shocked by her response.

�Yes, I understand your surprise but have you looked at them,� she continued. �It�s just ...�

�Donna, shut the fuck up!!� Robert shouted at her hysterically �You delete those fucking pictures right away, you understand? Right away!!!� 

Robert hung up. Donna looked at the phone in her hand.&nbsp; Never ever had Robert shouted at her like this. He�s clearly beside himself and I can�t blame him.&nbsp; Those pictures have to be removed. What if someone else sees those filthy movies?&nbsp; But how do I do that?&nbsp; How did they get on the Internet in the first place?

 �Hey, fuck slut, pick up the phone � Hey whore, pick up the phone, you�re pimp is calling� Come on filthy slut, get that leaky pussy moving and pick up��

Her cell phone was ringing on the table behind her.&nbsp; If her friends had already been taken aback by her conversation with her screaming husband, her lewd ring tone disgusted them beyond words.&nbsp; They looked at her not believing what they had seen and heard, incredulous at how their friend truly had changed.&nbsp; As she frantically searched the table for the cell, Donna saw at a glance that the last five minutes had dome more to convince her friends than all her talk had done.

Oddly, Donna felt relieved about that but accidentally pushed her travel bag over.&nbsp; The contents scattered noisily over the carpet, right in front of her friends.&nbsp; Donna turned beat red and she ran back to the kitchen.&nbsp; This was too much to happen all at once.&nbsp;&nbsp; Though she had told them, she used dildos and the like, actually having such things all across the floor of house was not something she had wanted to do. 

�Hello?� she said absentmindedly into the phone, as she overheard the reactions of her friends as they pawed through her collection of sex toys and clothing. 

�Ms Brendan wants to see you at once, Cutty.�&nbsp; It was Ninon giving her instructions.

�I�m sorry, Mrs. Bondain.&nbsp; I will go to her as soon as possible but I have some friends in the house��

�I know, I�m outside your place.&nbsp; I saw their cars.&nbsp; But when I say right now, I mean right now. You don�t want to keep Ms Brendan waiting, not in your situation.&nbsp; And don�t make me come in either.&nbsp; If they�re your friends, they won�t steal from you if you leave them alone in your house, will they?�

Donna peeked into the living room, seeing her friends searching through the contents of her bag, appalled by what they saw.&nbsp; She didn�t want to have to face them about that, and Ninon actually had given her a good opportunity to get out.

Donna quickly grabbed her short coat and handbag, and ran out of the house without her friends even noticing it.&nbsp; She ran to the car waiting for her and got in quickly.

�Good, that was fast,� Ninon approved.

�Thank you, Mrs. Bondain,� Donna replied as she settled herself and watched her house to see if her friends followed her. But they hadn�t noticed she was gone.

Ninon quickly drove off.&nbsp; She didn�t say a word and Donna had enough to think about so they drove silently for the half-hour to Ms. Brendan�s place.&nbsp; Obviously Ninon was angry with her. That would mean Ms Brendan was angry with her too.&nbsp; What else is new, Donna told herself and just settled herself, accepting her fate.

�Here you are, Cutty,� Ninon said as she stopped in front of Ms. Brendan mansion.

�Thank you, Mrs. Bondain� was all that Donna could say before Ninon drove off, leaving Donna alone in the middle of the street.&nbsp; Donna felt cold again and became aware of the fact that she wasn�t dressed appropriately and had to get inside as quickly as possible.













No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the author.







Copyright 2007 by Bokkey.







Story by Bokkey



e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com















Ms Brendan�s Unusual Punishment













As she hurried to the door, it opened immediately. To Donna�s surprise it was Ms Brendan herself who let her in.







�Get in quickly before you catch a cold, Cutty.� Ms Brendan said, ushering her inside as a concerned mother. 



�Thank you, Ms Brendan.� Donna replied as she quickly slipped inside.



After a few shivers she remembered the rules, hugged the older lady in front of her and kissed her. Ms Brendan replied with kisses of her own and hugged Donna warmly. Their kissing lasted for a long time and when they finally broke it off Donna felt warm again. In part due to Ms. Brendan's hugs and gentle stroking.



�I love you Ms Brendan.� She said as directed by the rules, but also with a touch of gratefulness for the gentle welcome.



�Undress�� ms Brendan simply instructed, as she smiled gently at the tired looking Donna �� You seemed to have had a rough time.�



�Yes, Ms Brendan�� Donna replied as she pulled of her clothing.



�I turned up the heat when I knew you were coming, to make it comfortable for you here.� Ms Brendan said as she waited for Donna to completely undress.



�Thank you, Ms Brendan.� Donna replied, wondering why Ms Brendan was so friendly to her.



When she was naked Ms Brendan took her clothing and tossed them into a basket in the hall. She opened the closet and gave her a new pair of shoes. This time high heeled sandals with long ties that wound up her calves. And while Donna was busy winding the straps neatly up her legs, Ms Brendan was searching for something in the closet.



�Stand still.� Ms Brendan instructed when Donna was finished with the shoes.&nbsp; �You now have enough experience with the leash. So from now on, when you are in my home you'll only walk about on a leash.� Ms Brendan said as she placed a small leather collar around Donna�s neck. �That way you can�t get lost.�



She attached a leash to the choker, and showed its label to Donna. It read �Cutty�.



�This is your collar and leash. It�s in this closet here, so whenever you enter, you put on your collar, if you�re not wearing one already, clip on this leash, and wait till someone guides you inside, ok?�



As Ms Brendan showed her the label Donna saw a glimps of the inside of the closet and saw several other leashes hanging, all with a name tag. There were more women undergoing the same treatment.



�Yes, Ms Brendan�� Donna replied. Right now she really didn�t care that much about another rule. She was worried about what was in store for her next. What punishment would she receive? This acting nice by Ms Brendan had a sinister gloom that worried her.



�Come�� Ms Brenda said gently as she gently tucked on the leash, pulling her head out of the closet. She guided Donna inside her house.



�You look really terrible.� Ms Brendan remarked as they walked into the living room �Had trouble sleeping?�



She gestured for Donna to sit on the warm couch, as she positioned herself next to her. Donna nestled herself in the warm pillows, facing Ms Brendan.



�Yes, Ms Brendan, I�ve had a tough time. I tried to follow the rules, but �� Donna started, eager to explain why she didn�t follow all the rules, her main concern.



�Shhh, I know, it is always tough in the beginning. I don�t need to know the details. But you did your best, right?� Ms Brendan interrupted her, putting two fingers on Donna�s lips before she could spill her heart.



�Yes, I did Ms Brendan�� Donna admitted. That was an understatement, she found she had outdone herself actually.



�Not many follow the rules as good as you in the beginning, Cutty. You can be proud of yourself.� Ms Brendan agreed, complimenting her.



�Thank you, Ms Brendan. I am�� Donna replied. She was extremely suspicious about what was going on. What trap was being spun? And �proud� of what she had achieved� Well in a way she was, but she also knew it was not something to be proud of at all. What she had done was perverted, sick. Just recalling the look on Robert's mother's face was unbearable.



Ms Brendan laughed when she saw the confused and scary look on Donna�s face. �You are scared you are going to get punished somehow anyway, right?�



Donna blushed �Yes Ms Brendan, I am..� 



The woman read her like an open book. It seemed like it was no use hiding her worries from her. Was she so shallow? Or was Ms Brendan just pure evil? Or was she just too tired, too confused to hide anything for her now?



�Well, you did break several rules, of which the deleting of the films and pictures was the biggest.� Ms Brendan said �But luckily you bought yourself a super deluxe model, with instant internet access. Apparently you&nbsp; authorized the provider to hook it up to your page on the web, so anything would be immediately wireless uploaded. Which has happened with all the video�s and pictures that you took.�



�That�s how they did it!� Donna understood. �The damn phone is more of a spy gadget than anything else. They have watched us fuck and suck simply from the internet!�



She understood now also how they knew when to call her. They simply observed her situation from a web page, and called at the most inconvenient moments. �I have to get rid of this phone, but I doubt if they�ll let me��



�Robert is not happy at all, he wants me to remove the pictures�� Donna said, adding �Ms Brendan.� quickly afterwards. She hoped the now friendly Ms Brendan would help her out somehow.



�Yeah, but you refused bravely.� Ms Brendan replied, letting Donna know they also could listen in on her phone. It was nothing but a ultra modern wire tap!



�Ms Brendan, he tells me they are now public�� She tried again, hoping she wasn�t getting too liberal. But she had to have those pictures removed. If they really were free for all to see that could ruin there lives anyway, and she had not gone through all this just to become a public laughing stock anyway.



�We�ll get to that later." Ms Brendan explained, patting Donna on the knee. "It was a bit foolish to use an open web site for your private porn collection, I agree with Robert. But now I want you to know I am really proud of you. Proud of the way you work at your issues, proud how you stood up to your family, your friends, a true girlfriend of mine�� 



And with that Ms Brendan had simply brushed away the web site subject.



�Today is the first day in the new year, and I want us to get of on a good start.� Ms Brendan continued �So I have arranged a day of relaxation for us both, where we can enjoy ourselves, and you can show me how much you�ve learned since the last time we spent a weekend together. Doesn�t that sound like fun?�



�Yes, Ms Brendan.� Donna replied, as she remembered the weekend Ms Brendan was referring to. It wasn�t something she thought fondly of. Innocent at the time, Donna had been manipulated into participating in multiple lesbian acts, then brutally raped by Ms. Brendan and her driver.&nbsp; It had been Donna�s first experience with a strap-on and right up her ass.



Ms Brendan�s left hand had started to caress her right breast, and fondled a little with her nipple, as she smiled at Donna. �We�re just gonna have fun, don�t you worry, Cutty.�



With that she bend slightly forward, and Donna replied to the gesture as she knew she had to. She bent forward until their lips met, and they kissed gently with just soft touches of their lips. After a while Ms Brendan�s tongue entered Donna�s mouth, signaling Donna to do the same. They started to kiss seriously. Their kisses took longer, and grew more intense as the time passed. In addition Ms Brendan fondled Donna�s right breast, her thighs, and pussy carelessly with her left hand. Her right wasn�t used, she just rested on it as if she wasn't involved in their sex play. Donna�s hand on the contrary had been gentle but determined whisked away by Ms Brendan�s left hand so she didn�t touch Ms Brendan�s body. Donna knew she simply had to let Ms Brendan explore her body, letting her touch her most private parts, as her hands were useless at her side. A strange show of Ms Brendan's power and dominance. 



Donna was gently guided to kiss Ms Brendan on the cheek, nose, eyes, just like a true lover would do. Soft touches of Ms Brendan�s hand to her chin moved her around over Ms Brendan�s face, shifting her kisses to other places, until she understood how she had to act, kiss. 



She had never really experienced something like this. She was now actually making out as Ms. Brendan was feeling her up all over. Worse, her act forced her to put her mind into the wicked game too. She had to think what moves, kisses Ms Brendan would want. In all her actions were a mixture of her training and Ms Brendan�s professional guidence.



And as Donna got more and more into her act this encouraged Ms Brendan to be even more bold with her hands. It was normal human interaction; one side tries something daring, and the other body signals it is ok, upon which the on side tries even more, searching for the limit. And Donna knew she could have no limit. So as Ms Brendan�s fingers slipped deeper into her most private parts, touched her face, made Donna lick them, all Donna could do was to make sure she kissed Ms Brendan perfectly and lovingly back.



In addition her unwanted physical actions were telling her body to get aroused, heated up. Her sexually-toned body couldn�t tell the difference between what was happening now versus her normal feelings of sexual arousal. They were too identical. She felt like she was betraying her own body by her actions, betraying who she really was!&nbsp; 



What made it even worse was that she also felt oddly grateful. She was happy Ms Brendan showed finally some appreciation, some adoration for her now. 

"It is my own mind betraying me," she told herself, but still the feeling was there. Maybe it was due to the way she was making out to Ms Brendan, like a true lover, or it was just the hand of Ms Brendan feeling up her nipple, rubbing her clit, stroking&nbsp; her inner thighs. Probably it was all of it together. But the result was obvious to her, she liked it, she felt emotionally involved.



This was just not like the simple fucks she had been taught to act through with Ninon. Not the emotionless pussy licking from the get go. No, Ms Brendan was currently really lovingly touching Donna�s body, feeling her up, caressing her breasts, nipples. And she did it with a mixture of kindness, devotion, and sexual lust. It felt so good. Much better than the sadistic rapes she had learned to endure.



Her emotional mind set made her feel more and more ashamed, frustrated, as it became stronger. She knew she should resist it, but also knew she should not. Maybe even could not. And as she didn�t, feeling her own body and mind enjoying and responding to it, was humiliating.



�You�re good�� Ms Brendan complimented her on her kissing after some time.



This made Donna put even more effort into her sensual kissing, she even started to whisper soft sweat things like �I love you, Ms Brendan�, "I'm yours Ms Brendan". She knew that was what Ms Brendan wanted to hear. She even spread her legs a bit more, inviting Ms Brendan�s hand to access her now leaking pussy once again. 



Of the latter Donna wasn�t even surprised anymore. By now her pussy leaked, itched all the time, and reacted, or better, over reacted to any type of touch. It didn�t matter if it was a male or female or even a sex toy � any touch would do. She was appalled by it, but hoped it was just a normal human reaction, a way for the female body to survive abuse. But it also was just another sign of her own body betraying her now, showing the outside world a totally different picture than she wanted. Yet Donna knew her wet vagina would please Ms Brendan, and that she actually should be grateful her body reacted as it did. It meant less punishment in the end. 



�Exquisite�� Ms Brendan noted, as her fingers slipped inside Donna�s wet vagina. She was totally ignoring Donna�s inner struggles, if she noticed them at all.



They looked each other in the eye, smiling gently at each other. When Donna wanted to kiss Ms Brendan again she was gently refused. Ms Brendan just looked at Donna, continued to smile at her, as she gently explored the offered vagina. She caressed the shaven outer lips, tugged a bit at the inner lips, rubbed and tickled Donna�s sensitive clit. Her fingers followed the scar she had carved there herself.



All Donna could do was to let Ms Brendan have her way, and smile as she did. No, she even lifted her body and moved her vagina forward, giving the fingers even better access. She felt strangely abused. It wasn�t anything painful, far from it; but perhaps it was something much worse. Ms Brendan was abusing her mind now. Was it true fear for worse that made her comply, or was she just taking the easy way out? Was she actually really enjoying this? The latter was constant on her mind, and she had to tell herself over and over again it was no use to fight Ms Brendan now, and that she was forced, even if her body and mind betrayed her by enjoying the touches. She reminded herself that if she did resist she just would make matters worse. But the ease with which she let her tormentor fondle her, the ease with which she smiled made her doubt herself.



On top of that was the open betrayal of her own body. Her skin tingled, especially by her breasts. Her nipples poked out screaming �touch me, rub me!� and when Ms Brendan�s hand softly passed her lower belly she even shivererd involuntary like a silly young girl hot for her new lover! Her vagina responded like one of a common slut, its juices now flowing freely, and she automatically bucked gently with Ms Brendan�s rhythm. Slowly fucking her fingers as they invading her most private parts. There was no denying she was in heat. No denying she truly enjoyed the caresses.



Luckily Ms Brendan stopped before she had an unwanted orgasm. She held up her wet fingers for Donna to suck on, and like an eager puppy Donna bent forward to lick them clean, sucking up all her own juices. As she did she looked Ms Brendan straight in the eye with a big smile. It was these kind of actions that really showed Donna how well she had been trained, much to her own surprise. It was an automatism by now, wet fingers in front of her face just made her lick them. Fingers touching her nipples made her push her breast forward. Fingers going down to her vagina made her spread her legs and push her hips forward. And everything was done with an inviting smile. How she hated herself!



�Good, Cutty, very good�� Ms Brendan approved as she whipped her fingers dry on Donna�s cheek and breasts. 



�This is so frustrating, so humiliating!� Donna kept thinking as she just let it all happen, no, even made sure it happened to Ms Brendan�s liking. �It is better than being whipped and then be forced to do it anyway�� She had to repeat over and over again. �Better than making it worse, better for the family��



�Now let�s go to my next surprise�� Ms Brendan said as she got up, stopping Donna�s mantra abruptly. 



Ms Brendan picked up the leash and Donna followed meekly as they went upstairs. She had never been there, and was actually curious how Ms Brendan slept. She was guided through a wide corridor into a large room.



�My bedroom�� Ms Brendan said as she threw her arms wide, showing the extend of her wealth.



It was indeed a site to see. It was huge. The room was colorful, not the modern atmosphere of down stairs, nor a BDSM-type dark coloring as Donna kind of had expected. No the suite was done in a nineteenth century revival, beautiful and stylish. There was a large canopy bed with thick side curtains neatly tied back.&nbsp; A chandelier hung from a large ceiling dial, finely detailed moldings throughout the room.&nbsp;&nbsp; Old fashion wooden panels adorned with decorative paintings, lent privacy for dressing.&nbsp; Large windows with curtains that matched the bed covers opened on a fabulous view, complimented by paintings on the wall, a very elaborate Persian carpet.&nbsp; Old wooden furniture carefully placed.&nbsp; The room was very warm and inviting, nothing like what Donna had imagined.



�Come�� Ms Brendan tugged at the leash and of they went to what Donna suspected was the bathroom.



And indeed it was. Again very spacious, the bathroom held a large shower, a huge mirror with a matched set of white sinks to one side, white closets, a large multi head shower, and a large jacuzzi. Carefully placed spot-lights.&nbsp; In style, it was completely different than the bedroom, the bath being totally modern and gleaming. But in its own way, just as beautiful as the adjoining bedroom.



It was the jacuzzi that caught Donna�s immediate attention. It had mirrors above on the sides, even on the roof. Clearly to give Ms Brendan a good view from all sides of who ever was in it. But what made her so eager for it was the warm steaming water in it. It looked very, very inviting. 



�Oh, you are so transparent!� Ms Brendan laughed, seeing the eager look in Donna�s eyes �Yes, I prepared the jacuzzi for us. I knew you would like it. Take off the shoes, put those plastic slippers on, and in we go��



Ms Brendan waited patiently, holding the leash, as Donna untied the straps, and switched into the plastic pumps. She was then guided to the warm jacuzzi, and gratefully she stepped in the warm water. The bubbling water immediately started to message her sore legs. A wonderful feeling!



�Ok, just wait here, while I undress�� Ms Brendan said as she tied the leash high up, so Donna couldn�t sit down yet. Donna knew all this was done to show her she was completely controlled by Ms Brendan, but she didn�t mind. Her legs were warm, and soon her whole body would be, and the bubbling water would give her the message she was craving for. 



Ms Brendan undressed herself and stepped also into the jacuzzi. She freed up the leash a bit so Donna could sit, and they both sat down opposite one another, smiling like good old girlfriends.



Donna let the warm water massage her whole weary body. This was heaven. She so deserved this. She spread out in the large jacuzzi, smiled and closed her eyes for a while to truly enjoy the moment. How different this was from yesterday, or from just a few hours ago! And the best of it all was that Ms Brendan let her be for the longest while. She just drifted a bit on the bubbles with her eyes closed, enjoying the warmth of the water, the gentle massage.



�And of course, some champagne�� Ms Brendan said with a small fanfare as her driver entered with a cart loaded with a bottle of champagne, and some delicious looking treats.



Donna was flabbergasted by this treatment. It really started to dawn on her that Ms Brendan actually did want to please her. She actually was satisfied with her behavior. It was strangely satisfying to Donna she had pulled it off. �I�ve made her happy, I did truly impress her�� And as those happy thoughts went through her mind immediately her shame followed. �How can I be happy about that? It�s shameful!� 



�Here you are�� Ms Brendan handed her a glass of champagne together with a snack, and Donna was once again lost in her feelings of gratitude. 



She sipped the champagne and now truely relaxed. She even whisked away all feelings of rebellion, humiliation. �Not now,� she told herself �Now I just enjoy and follow the flow. Later, later we�ll fight, now is not the time anyway��



For the longest time they just sat in the jacuzzi not saying a word. Donna did made sure she smiled frequently at Ms Brendan to show her appreciation. But apart from that she let herself go and let the warm bubbling water pamper her. How truly wonderful!



�Thank you so much, Ms Brendan.� She finally said, as she opened her eyes, and felt thoroughly refreshed. She really meant it.



�No problem, Cutty. Sooner or later good things happen to those who deserve them.� Ms Brendan replied �And you really deserved this.�



�Thank you, thank so much you, Ms Brendan.� Donna replied and smiled thankfully.



As she did she wondered how best to show her appreciation. Should she kiss Ms Brendan? Or feel herself up, give her a show? Or start to make out, kiss and fondle her, start to lick her pussy? She gave Ms Brendan an uncertain look.



Ms Brendan smiled back at her �And this look shows even more how much you deserved it, Cutty. You really want to show your gratitude, right?�



�Yes, Ms Brendan, it is just I don�t know what you would like me to do right now�� Donna replied honestly. She wasn�t surprised anymore Ms Brendan knew so clearly what she thought, she just accepted it as a fact.



�That�s because you don�t know me that well yet, and because you still need more training.� Ms Brendan told her �But don�t worry about that. It is enjoyable to see a mother of forty insecure like a teenager. What would your family say if they saw you obedient like this, my little slut?�



Donna was hurt by the remark, and didn�t understand why Ms Brendan was so vicious as she was obviously trying so hard to please her. Even wanting to be the obedient slave for now!



�Come here�� Ms Brendan said as she pulled the leash. 



Donna swirled over to her side until their faces were close to each other.



�Kiss me slut, kiss me like the whore you are. Fuck your family, I�m what you want, I am who you obey.� Ms Brendan said with venom, sporting an odd friendly smile.



The confused Donna looked her deep in the eye, but saw no pity. She had to follow the instructions. She knew Ms Brendan expected her to kiss her like a slut now, an eager whore. 



And so she did. Aggressively she forced herself onto her torturer. Kissing her full on the mouth, slipping her tongue inside her, and holding Ms Brendan�s face with both her hands. She kissed away waiting for Ms Brendan's order to stop. 



A sharp yank on the leash got Donna coughing as she was briskly pulled her away from Ms Brendan.



�That was good, my little slut. Let�s have some champagne now.� Ms Brendan said, as she grabbed the bottle and filled their glasses again. 



Donna was still confused, but started to understand what was happening. Ms Brendan was testing her. Testing if she would keep up her act in all circumstances. �I will.� Donna thought �I will show her I can play her game. Even if she tries to humiliate, no, break me, get me to cry. No more, her insults will just be ignored for now. Later, later we�ll fight. Later I�ll cry��



Ms Brendan handed her the glass with champagne and she accepted it with a fake generous smile. �Thank you, Ms Brendan�



�No thanks, slut.� Ms Brendan said, still continuing her cruel act. 



�Tell me about how your daughters think of you after what you pulled yesterday.� Ms Brendan inquired. 



�I Don�t know Ms Brendan�� Donna said honestly �I haven�t talked to them after that�� 



It was immediately difficult for her to keep her mind set. She didn�t want to think of her daughters now, and she knew Ms Brendan knew that. That was why she brought them up, so she had to think of her precious daughters, as she was like a sex slave in a jacuzzi, getting ready to please her mistress once again. 



�Not even new years wishes exchanged?� Ms Brendan asked on.



�No not even that, Ms Brendan�� 



�They must think you�re a slut, an incompetent bitch, a shame for them. Given how you are giving into your sexual desires. How you are manipulated by your new friends��



�Yes, I think they do�especially Julie�� Donna said truthfully, making herself even more vulnerable. 



But lying, fighting Ms Brendan wasn�t an option. She was too much in control right now, and Donna was too weak. She just wanted her to be nice to her again. Ms Brendan was so easily getting to her! She wanted to burst into tears, but she fought hard to keep her mind set. She had to play along.



�Aren�t you forgetting something?� Ms Brendan reminded her.



�Sorry, Ms Brendan� Ms Brendan.� 



She knew she was on the verge of breaking. Both from her thoughts of her daughters, what she had done, how they saw her, as well as from the fact she was being controlled so easily by Ms Brendan. She couldn�t even keep her act up for a few minutes, without Ms Brendan picking right through it. And with such ease.



�Cheers�� Ms Brendan said as she made herself comfortable for her next �attack�, she leaned backwards into the stream of bubbles messaging her back, while she loosened the leash a bit �..on a job well done�� 



�Cheers, Ms Brendan�� Donna said as she also raised her glass. She prepared for what was coming, outwardly still smiling, be it had now a nervous streak.



�Show me your wet pussy, my little sluttish housewife�� Ms Brendan instructed, feigning friendliness again.



Donna smiled, raised herself out of the warm water, and spread her legs a little to give her instructor a good view of her shaved vagina.



�No, I want a better view, really spread your legs, show me how much you can stretch now.� Ms Brendan ordered, maintaining her fake friendly tone.



Donna played along and smiling went back to her place, for as far as the leash allowed her, and raised herself completely out of the water. She placed her legs on either side of the jacuzzi. With some effort, Donna maneuvered herself into a pose where her wet plastic pumps were firmly planted on the sides of the Jacuzzi, her thighs were spread as far as they could go.



�Impressive..� Ms Brendan said as she finished her drink, and crawled forward �Can you raise your upper body still?�



Donna emptied her champagne glass to free her hands to go into the new pose.&nbsp; She barely managed. She felt her leg muscles protest at the awkward spread and the weight they had to carry.



�Much better. Now let me look at this whorish cunt of yours�� �Much better.&nbsp; Now let me look at this whorish cunt of yours,� Ms Brendan announced as she moved in tighty to play with Donna�s freely accessible vagina.



�Look at this, wet like a common slut�� she said with mock surprise �If Robert only knew you love to offer this pussy like a cheap whore to friends and even strangers!�



Ms Brendan�s hands explored Donna�s outer lips, her inner lips, the clit hood, the clit itself, her strained thighs. She even tickled her on purpose to see her fight to keep her balance. And she played extra long with her scarf, as she looked Donna in the eye. As if to remind her what she had done to her.



It all took a long, long time from Donna�s point of view. Ms Brendan�s fingers explored her whole nether region. Donna even felt her fingers going up her ass, inciting her itch over there too. And even though her body was in pain as her legs started to cramp, she felt herself getting aroused again.



Donna didn�t dare say a word.&nbsp;&nbsp; She just knew somehow that she was not supposed to.&nbsp; But she moved her hips, rocking at first, them pumping them up and forward a bit as if she was desperate to be filled.&nbsp;&nbsp; Taking one hand from tub, she touched her left nipple and teased it like a true slut.&nbsp; She knew by now how to do that perfectly. Her expression was pure training, the face Ninon had trained her to put on her face, the face that she had seen on so many porn stars in countless porno films � a face of pure lust.&nbsp; Even her sighs � fake though they were � matched the look on her face.&nbsp; After all, she had learned how to sigh the same way.&nbsp;&nbsp; What was also being driven home to Donna too was that she was becoming increasingly more aroused minute by minute.



And Ms Brendan seemed to approve again. She intently watched Donna�s reactions, felt Donna�s leg muscles protest, felt her vagina leaking. Ms Brendan looked her frequently in the eye to see if she was on the verge of breaking, but Donna was determined to sit this through, no matter what.



�Rock my fingers, Cutty�� Ms Brendan finally set, as she held up her hand with three fingers upward, below her vagina. She wasn�t anymore referring to her as slut or whore, and Donna understood she had done a good job. Be it her work was not over jet. 



Donna now had to squat deeply to let Ms Brendan�s fingers go inside her pussy, but she managed. Doing that was not the most difficult part. Instead, it was rocking on the fingers that were inside her that proved to be even more impossible. Her stretched legs couldn�t do it on her own, and she had to curl forward to lean on her hands so she could rock just her ass. And on top of that she had to watch out not to slip as she still wore those damn inconvenient high heeled plastic pumps.



Ms Brendan laughed at her as she just held up her hand, even moved it around a bit so Donna had to adjust her body to get her vagina to continue to pump the fingers. Luckily she finally grew bored with the game and pulled Donna down by her leash.



�This has made me hot. How good are you now at licking pussy?�



�I�m very good, Ms Brendan.� Donna replied, grateful that her gymnastic ordeal was over.&nbsp; �I�m really, really good.�&nbsp; 

Even better, Donna could lower herself back into the hot bubbling water again. And pussy licking she indeed knew by now. She actually had been trained to please specifically Ms Brendan, so she felt confident she could impress her.



Now it was Ms Brendan�s turn to lift herself out of the water, though she didn�t spread widely. She just made herself comfortable with a towel and a new glass of champagne, and as she bit in a snack she gestured with a single nod of her head for Donna to start.



Ever smiling Donna glided forward to her tormentor, and laid her hands on Ms Brendan�s thigh. She observed the vagina in front of her. No piercing, like Ninon, and she had hair. True, a bit trimmed, but still a lot, compared to Ninon and Donna who were both bold down there. She understood this was just another sign of Ms Brendan�s dominance. While Ms Brendan still sported a rough bush of natural hair, even with grey hair in it, she had to keep hers bald. Even worse, licking a hairy pussy was actually disgusting, the loose hair coming onto her mouth. .



But she bent her head forward, and started to lick Ms Brendan�s lips. She nibbled as taught, licked as taught, sucked as taught. And as she observed Ms Brendan�s reactions she knew she was doing an excellent job, which made her kind of proud. �Just as I knew: I can make her come like no other if I just want to!�



�Cutty, you are good!� Ms Brendan agreed with her, heaving heavily �You have really learned well! I must �compliment you and your trainer �for doing an excellent job!�



Ms Brendan sight loudly as she smiled down at Donna, as one hand went through Donna�s hair. Ms Brendan was really enjoying herself tremendously, loving every moment of Donna�s efforts. �OH, OH, OH, you�re soo good!� 



Soon Donna�s tongue was licking up Ms Brendan�s juices, and she felt proud, in control, as she played with the feelings of Ms Brendan with her licks, her sucks. It was extremely satisfying to see her cruel instructor really enjoying her. No, be even positively surprised by Donna�s actions. Donna knew that was good news for her, and placed even more effort in the suck session.



�You deserve a treat, Cutty,� Ms Brendan said as she bucked her hips to the rhythm of Donna�s tongue.&nbsp; She grabbed the bottle of champagne and flipped it over above her lower belly, causing champagne to run down past her belly button, through her pubic hair to mix with her own juices and on to Donna�s face.&nbsp; �Enjoy!� she said excited.



Donna felt the cold liquid on her face, on her tongue, and smiled gratefully up to Ms Brendan. The champagne taste was a welcome change, and she played along by lapping it all up, even sucking it out of the bush of Ms Brendan. 



The suck session became more intense, more personal with this, as Donna really felt appreciated, and wanted to impress even more, seeing Ms Brendan in a state she had never seen her before. She knew that if she kept her this happy it would only mean positive things for her eventually. And apart from that this was so much better than being raped with dildo�s and whips. She even felt so confident that had Ms Brendan a whip she would not have used it on her, as she was just doing too good.



�I�m cumming!!!!!� Ms Brendan shouted completely in ecstasy, and bucked wildly, even when Donna drew back and observed what she had caused. 



The older lady in front of her was really enjoying a heavy orgasm as she curled about with her eyes closed, and enjoyed some precious moments. Moments which, Donna proudly noted, she had caused. �She will appreciate me more now�� Donna told herself.



Ms Brendan eventually calmed down and opened her eyes, and looked at Donna with a smile.



�You are incredible!!� She acknowledged �It has been a long time since I had such an orgasm. What a way to start the new year!!�



She sank back down into the jakuzzy, �Let�s celebrate your come-uppance! What a revelation! Did you knew you could be such a good pussy licker, Cutty?� 



She turned to the card and fetch another bottle of champagne from below, and handed another delicious looking snack to Donna. Donna eagerly grabbed it as she was hungry.



They both sat side by side looking out from the jakuzzy, grabbing snacks from time to time. Ms Brendan was constantly complimenting her, both on her sexual actions, as well as on the way she looked. How her body had improved, how beautiful she was. Donna felt good being adored like this. She knew she shouldn�t but she was proud. Proud of her body, of how she had worked hard to get it in this shape. Proud of her sexual actions, even though perverted. She found the lesbian actions not nearly as gross as the flirting, kissing she had to do with the strange men. And she really loved the compliments. It made her feel great.



Ms Brendan finally got up and took the leash again and guided Donna outside the tube.



�I have yet another surprise for you�� Ms Brendan said mysteriously as she gave her a towel. 



Donna wanted to dry herself, but Ms Brendan corrected her. �No, Cutty, you dry me first, than you take care of yourself�� 



And thus Donna found herself drying Ms Brendan. It was awkward, but she knew it was just the way things were. It was all part of being a �girlfriend� of Ms Brendan. After she had dried Ms Brendan she was allowed to dry herself, and told to switch shoes again.



Donna found it also awkward she constantly had to change shoes, it was kind of useless. And very inconvenient, especially with these �Roman� type shoes, as she had to place the ties correct. But she didn�t complain; that would be useless at least.



Ms Brendan took the leash and guided her back into the bedroom. In the room two massage tables were installed now, and two small Asian girls, women, dressed in just a robe, were waiting alongside them.



�Nothing like a good massage to de-stress�� Ms Brendan said as she tied the leash to one of the message tables, and gestured Donna to lay on it. 



�Thank you Ms Brendan!!!� Donna said pleasantly surprised once again. She looked in awe at the table. Now she would even get a massage!



�Shoes off�� the Asian girl said, and Donna undid the straps once again. She shook her head a bit as she thought of the uselessness of putting them on in the first place, but she didn�t complain. She looked forward to the massage, and that made all ok. 



As she lay down on the table, and her girl started to oil her, she went through her situation again. She actually had to admit she liked the current situation. If her life would be like this all the time she wouldn�t have no problem being Ms Brendan�s girlfriend. Champagne, jakuzy, massages, and the sex wasn�t that bad. It was kind of kinky, and kind of worth the luxury. She immediately felt ashamed as she thought this, but nevertheless it was the truth.. 



�If only this would happen just a few days a week. Then I could live my own family life during the rest of the days and I would have no problem with it.� She thought �This is kind of what I expected in the first place. A bit of kink, some unknown lesbian sex. Some widening of my sexual horizon�&nbsp; Should I propose this to Ms Brendan? If she really thinks I�m that good with licking her, she must see the advantages of having me do this out of my own free will? And for me it would give me back my family life��



As she thought about this she noticed Ms Brendan was now also being massaged and was in her own world. Donna�s Asian girl also gently massaging her body, applying oil to her back. �Oh boy, this is good!!!� Donna thought and set her mind at ease and just focused on the free massage. 



After the initial overall rubbing and oiling the Asian girl undid her own robe, and butt naked climbed on Donna�s back. Donna didn�t even notice it, until she felt the oiled up body of the girl touch her. She had heard about body messages like this, but never experienced one. It was awkward to feel the oiled skin of the girl touch her, rub her. And as the rubbing got more intense she could sense the body parts of the girl touching her. She felt the oiled legs running up and down her calves, could feel the belly of the girl being pushed over her ass, her lower back. She could feel her tits being pressed hard on her shoulders, over her neck. The experienced hands of the girl meanwhile were all over her, loosing up her tense muscles. It was good, but very erotic.



And as she more and more relaxed and moaned from pleasure, she heard Ms Brendan moan too. She looked at Ms Brendan and they exchanged a smile, after which Ms Brendan closed her eyes again to enjoy her own girl better. Donna closed her eyes too and was for a while beautifully lost in her own world also.



Suddenly she noticed something strange however. As the body of the girl pressed against hers she felt odd hard things rubbing over her too. Without looking she understood it were piercings. She felt the hard stubs when the girl rolled her breasts over her back, she felt the belly button piercing, but even more surprising, she felt a roll of rings rubbing her legs whenever the girl pushed her vagina on her legs, ass.



She was shocked, and wanted to look at the girls piercings, but she was for the moment forced head down. All she could do was feel the piercings roll over her body. And now she noticed it, she became more and more aware of all the piercings the girl had. They actually added to the pleasure of the message, as they rolled over her exhausted muscles. But the amount of piercings in the girls vagina made her curious. Donna felt like strings of rings, studs, rolled over her ass and legs whenever the girl spread her legs and pushed her vagina over Donna's body. 



As the message continued and she relaxed completely, the girls hands became more adventurous, and started to maul her ass, and down between her legs. She felt the oil of the hands cover her extensively down there, and soon after that the Asian girl�s fingers rolled over her ass crack, her lips. 



Donna knew she should complain. She would complain in her past life. But now she knew she shouldn�t, she had to let the girl take her liberties. She was actually surprised by her own lack of any inhibition about it. Even when the girl�s hand started to bluntly massaged her vagina lips, and her oiled fingers glided inside her wet vagina she not only let her, but Donna even let herself enjoyed it. She bucked her hips shamelessly whenever the girl entered her, and moaned openly.



The naked oiled Asian girl excited Donna enormously as she rubbed more oil on Donna�s back and concentrated on molding her nether regions. The girl placed herself a bit lower, so her vagina with all its piercings was rubbing her calfs now, and her breasts were on her ass, lower back. Her hands, her fingers were now shamelessly exploring both her holes. The oiled fingers with the long nails found their way deep into her, rubbing her, pumping her. Donna felt the soothing oil deep inside her, and felt herself naturally responding. 



From the moans she heard beside her she understood Ms Brendan was receiving the same pleasurable treatment, and this made Donna feel more inclined to let herself go too. And so she pushed her ass up to let her girl access her holes more freely. She wasn�t so happy with the fingers up her ass, but the ones in her wet vagina, tugging her lips, made more than up for it. She loved the experienced fingers of the girl. They seemed to know exactly where to go, were to touch. And although the girl was rather roughly going at it, the oil, and probably also her training, made sure she didn�t feel the slightest of pain.



As Donna was lost in her own world the girl stopped suddenly and turned Donna expertly. It was time for her front side to receive the same treatment. Donna smilingly turned, and positioned herself on her back, still enjoying the erotic waves going through her body.



She opened her eyes when she felt the oiled Asian girl sit on her belly, or better, she felt the famous pussy rings being pressed onto her. What a surprise she got!



The girl was freakish. The piercings Donna had felt were rather thick ones. The girl had two sets through her nipples, two in her navel. And when Donna looked down at her own belly she saw a string of piercings in the girl�s pussy.&nbsp; The girl had whole strings of rings both in her outer as well as in her inner lips, with two or three through her clit hood, maybe even going straight through her clit! 



On top of that the girl sported clearly fake bold boobs, which where like balls bouncing in front of her chest. To make the bizarre picture complete her body was full of the most obscene colorful tattoos. It was like someone randomly had added paintings of dicks, naked women, sexual poses on her body, together with Chinese figures, dragons, and scorpions. 



Even her face wasn�t spared, as her lips had been obviously enlarged, her eyes were enlarged, and she had two piercings through her nose, one on the side, and one through the spectum. Her ears also had numerous small rings. 



Donna shook her head in disbelief as she observed all that had been done to this girl. They had really outlived themselves on her. The tattoos, the piercings, and what was also striking was the stoical look of the girl. They had brief eye contact, but the girl really didn�t seem interested in her, apart from the massage she was giving. She was clearly living in her own different world. 



The girl, completely covered in oil, continued to shamelessly frolicked with her hands all over Donna�s body. She made sure she paid a lot of attention to her breast, which soon shined from the oil and sported two erect nipples. 



The girl at a certain moment even placed her ringed vagina on them, giving Donna a detailed view of piercings. Donna noticed they even tattooed her lips. She saw small black Chinese signs, as well as some overall red coloring. And the rings were brutally pierced through her lips, some even went through both the inner and outer lips. Her clit hood was a mess of big thick rings crossing one another. But Donna did find the feel of the oiled metal rings on her own breast and nipples highly erotic. Of course the molding of the woman�s hands on her legs, her thighs and her vagina helped too.



Donna did pity the girl. She couldn�t belief the girl would do this to herself. It was just obvious to Donna this was beyond anything a normal person would do. Even gothic girls had some style, some class. This was just obscene. The girl would never be able to walk in revealing clothing without showing those awful tattoos and piercings.



She looked aside at the girl busy with Ms Brendan and saw she was just as freakish. And she was satisfying Ms Brendan as well, masturbating her simultaneously as she massaged her. And Ms Brendan enjoyed it shamelessly too. 



Donna closed her eyes as her girl continued to work on her, massaging her, playing with her. She was a true expert. And she did it without any emotions, without a smile or anything. Just doing her job. Even as she deliberately masturbated Donna her face showed no emotions, no anger, no lust, just an emotionless glare only Asians can have.



Donna therefore just enjoyed the massage, the sex, and left the girl in her own world. She just closed her eyes as the girl rubbed her oiled up body on her, rubbed her pussy piercings over her thighs, her nipple piercings over her nipples. She enjoyed the hands professionally masturbating her, going deep into her vagina, her ass. It wasn�t long before the first of many orgasms came over her. Donna moaned uninhibited as the waves of pleasure hit her. 



The girl left her vagina alone for a while, and returned to her �normal� massage, until Donna had sufficiently recuperated, at which moment the Asian girl started the whole process again. The next orgasm Donna enjoyed with her hands covering her face to shut out the big bad world. And the next the same. Soon she lost count of her orgasms, as the girl forced orgasm after orgasm onto her, giving her less and less time to recover. A tired but very satisfied Donna finally fell asleep on the table, as the Asian girl turned her back on her belly, and gave Donna a last orgasm, which she experienced in her sleep, smiling.







Hours later the Asian girl was leading her by her leash downstairs to the living room. Donna wore now a long black, see-through dress, fitting tightly around her body, letting her free breasts bounce gently under the fabric. 



She wore long silver earrings, several black beaded necklaces of different lengths, swaying seductively over her swinging breast. Around her arms she was given several bracelets, jingling as her arms moved around her body. Her left ankle was also wearing bracelets, showing of her long legs. 



Her hair was washed and colored with blond streaks this time, and her face heavily made up. Her eye browse had been touched up, shaved into a sharp thin line, and colored black. She had large fake eye lashes, black and dark lines were applied around the lashes. Several layers of dark bronze eye shadow made sure her eyes had the perfect slut look.



As for her face itself thick layers of pancake had been applied and her cheek bones had been accentuated sharply with dark rouge. Her lips had been colored a wet dark red, making them sharply stand out. 



When she had looked at herself after following all the instructions from the Asian girl she saw the face of a wanton slut, a woman in heat. She knew she was being prepared as a gift for Ms Brendan. A late evening dish to devour.



She had not been surprised when the girl had instructed her to oil her body again after her shower and to apply some panstik to both her breasts as well as to her vagina. Her nipples were colored with the same lipstick as her lips, be it that she had to apply it not juts to the nipples, but to the areolas too. It made them stand out clearly, let alone that the brush had made her nipples harden too.



The most humiliating moment was when the Asian girl went between her legs, and carefully painted her inner lips of her vagina. To really have to allow some complete stranger to apply make up to your most private parts was degrading. Especially as the girl clearly didn�t care about Donna�s feelings. As the girl professionally worked on her lips she just directed Donna to spread her legs wide, even getting annoyed whenever Donna moved her legs due to the erotic touches of the brush. Donna had found herself heaving heavily, close to crying, from sheer humiliation as she had felt the brush scrape over her lips. She was so ashamed she was letting this girl do this to her.



The final touch of her outfit had been high classy shoes, going perfectly with the dress. When Donna was led in front of the large wall mirror in the bedroom Donna saw the new Donna looking back at her. She would have loved the way she looked, so beautiful, wasn�t it that the dress and shoes totally were in contrast with her face, body make up. And she saw immediately that the dress actually needed for her to wear a bra. Now her large sagging breasts were deforming the dress, spoiling the picture. The fabric had not enough strength to keep her breast in place. And now, as she was led downstairs to Ms Brendan, she noticed this even more as her breasts swung freely from side to side with every step. The beaded long necklaces swinging along just made it look even worse. It made Donna feel as if her whole upper torso swung from left to right, and back again.



From the stairs she already saw Ms Brendan sitting at the large table on the couch she had fingered Donna just this morning. She had looked over her shoulder and had given Donna a friendly smile, only to return to her telephone call, and ignoring her further as Donna was placed in front of her.



�Smile� was the only instruction the Asian girl gave her, and Donna obediently did.



Both she and the Asian girl waited patiently as Ms Brendan continued to talk about some business deal.



�You look fabulous!� Ms Brendan said to the smiling Donna as she closed her cell. �The massage and short nap have done wonders!�



�Thank you, Ms Brendan.� Donna said with a smile. She actually did feel good, much better than before at least. 



�Spread your legs and raise you�re dress.� Ms Brendan instructed friendly.



Donna obliged and felt Ms Brendan�s hand explore her exposed painted vagina.



�Good, nicely made up.� Ms Brendan approved. �Now show me your breasts too.�



Donna pulled the top of the breast aside, letting her breast flop out. Again Ms Brendan�s hands explored the exposed private parts, rubbing up the already erect nipples a bit more.



�Okay, pose squatted on the table.� She told Donna, as she instructed the Asian girl with her hand to shift the table a bit more towards her.



Donna stepped upon the lower table, and bend through her knees, making sure she lifted her dress so Ms Brendan had a good view of her wet vagina. She smiled a bit shy, as she felt terribly exposed now. She was offering herself again to her tormentor with a smile on her face!



�Okay, let�s discuss the situation, before we have a nice late dinner.� Ms Brendan told Donna, as she laid back on the couch, enjoying the view the exposed housewife gave her. �You enjoyed yourself today, right?�



�Yes, Ms Brendan, very much so.� Donna replied honestly. Not only did she enjoy herself, but now also diner would be served! She hadn�t eaten anything decent for over two days now, apart form some quick bites. Would she really get a lavish diner? 



�Okay, and you understand why I treated you like this?� Ms Brendan asked on.



�No, not exactly Ms Brendan.� Donna replied �I� I expected to be punished again.�



�Expected or wanted?� Ms Brendan noted �I mean, you deliberately disobeyed orders with respect to the pictures and you didn�t dress appropriate in the beginning of the weekend. That you did on purpose, knowing you would be punished for it. A bit masochistic don�t you think? But I still want to help you with your terrible sexual problems, and have some fun with you at the same time. You still want to be my girlfriend, right?�



�Yes, Ms Brendan.� Donna answered halfhearted.



�You like having lesbian sex?� Ms Brendan asked.



Donna hesitated a bit, thinking of the brutal SM she had experienced, as well as the lovely kissing and caressing �Yes� Ms Brendan.� She finally answered.



Ms Brendan smiled understanding her predicament. �You don�t like the punishment, the rough sex, right? Ah well, that�s understandable. It takes some time to enjoy pain, to admit you enjoy pain. But you eventually will, or at least endure it much easier. I�m not going to lie to you it won�t happen again, Some things are just too good to pass up.�



�But you would prefer lesbian sex above heterosexual acts?� Ms Brendan asked on.



Donna didn�t know what to say. The lesbian sex wasn�t bad, she actually liked it, at least much better than for instance the rapes she had endured on the island. But she thought of sex with Robert, and that was good too. At least the last time with him had been great. But sex with other men was not something that Donna wanted, ever.



�I see you wondering. Let me clarify this a bit. You are a whore, right?�



Donna nodded. 



�And whores fuck for money. Now do you rather have sex with a strange man, or a strange woman?�



�A strange woman, Ms Brendan.� Donna answered. 



�Thought so.� Ms Brendan said �And you are my girlfriend, right? You still want to be my hot little girlfriend, don�t you?�



�Yes, Ms Brendan� I love you.� Donna answered. She wanted to flatter Ms Brendan a bit, so added the �I love you� on purpose.



Ms Brendan couldn�t hold back a laugh as she saw through Donna �That�s a good one, Cutty�� 



��So you are a whore, and you want to be my girlfriend.� She continued her logic �That�s what I expected. Now if you are my girlfriend, I don�t want you to have sex with all sorts of men. I find the thought of touching a pussy that has been contaminated with sperm disgusting, let alone the thought of those disgusting sweaty male bodies rubbing all over you. But you still want to be a whore, if not alone because you need to make some money, you need it to pay for all your debts, right?�



�Yes, Ms Brendan.� Donna could see where she was going.



�Therefore I propose you become a lesbian whore. Sell yourself to ladies only, not to men.�



She looked at Donna who started to think it over. Still, it did look more promising than being a whore, haunting bars and picking up all sorts of men. � and their diseases.&nbsp; The latter absolutely terrified Donna.



�It means for instance you�ll fuck the ladies you saw at the party Friday. They would love to have you in their beds, between their legs. And I can still keep you as a girlfriend, and even enjoy all the wonderful new things you�ll learn from them.�



Donna quickly concluded that this was indeed a better option than fucking all sorts of men. She thought about the men she had flirted with, that had felt her up. She too was disgusted by the thought of them ramming their ugly dicks into her vagina. Better yet, this was so much more the way she had thought her flirting with Ms Brendan would turn out. And though sex with the other cruel ladies wasn�t really something she looked forward too, she figured that by pleasing Ms Brendan as her girlfriend she would let her work more, and whore less. Than she would make enough money anyway. 



�I� I think I would like that, Ms Brendan�� She answered carefully, still waiting for a catch.



�Think about it, Cutty� I mean refuse every dick�� Ms Brendan looked her in they eye ��Also the one attached to that husband of yours��



Surprised Donna shifted uncomfortable on the table. She had not expected this. Not at all.



�I� I don�t know� I don�t understand� Ms Brendan�� she finally stammered. �I mean, he�s my husband, my family. I must have sex with him?�



Ms Brendan had to laugh again at her reply �You don�t �have to� have sex with him, only if you want to. These are modern days. And if you �want� to become a lesbian whore, you simply don�t �want� to have sex with him anymore��



�But� what if he performs well?� Donna tried. She couldn�t imagine Robert coming home, and she refusing him to have sex with her.



�Well, you�ll have to find other ways to satisfy him.� Ms Brendan said simply �That�s why I wanted you to understand the implications of what I�m offering. I want you to be my girlfriend, and whore yourself to other women. Preferably you�ll sell yourself to my friends so you can keep your act discrete. If not, you just become an ordinary slut, and fuck with every bloke that offers you a dime.�



�I can tell you there is much more money to be made as a lesbian whore. Especially if you let me choose your clients. Than you also have much less problems with diseases and that kind of stuff. Much less a need for a pimp to protect you.�



Donna was going through her options. She now understood the catch, but tried to imagine what the real consequences would be. How long would this last? How long would she not be able to make love to her husband? How long before he forces himself onto her? �No, he wouldn�t do that.� She knew �But it will for sure make all things much more complicated. We will have numerous fights about it if it lasts too long��



�And I would love to have you as my girlfriend, Cutty.� Ms Brendan pressed on �II will treat you wonderfully.&nbsp; I�ll make you so pretty, especially for me.. I�ll shower you in jewelry, clothes, shoes, everything your heart will come to desire.�



Donna looked suspicious at Ms Brendan, though still keeping a smile on her face. It all sounded too good to be true, yet as she thought about it, she didn�t really have an option. �If I don�t agree, she�ll make things worse for me, she�ll give me to some cruel pimp, and turn me into a real hooker. If I agree, and if I do my utmost to please her, and her friends, life might mostly be as relaxing as today. I only need to make her and her friends happy at times by acting the lesbian slut. And at home I�ll only need to fight off Robert the few times he's home. And it is only temporal, until I find my way out��



In the end just the thought of a big ugly pimp slapping her around whenever she didn�t bring in enough money was enough to convince her. That she didn�t want and, knowing Ms Brendan, that would happen faster than her escape.



�Okay, Ms Brendan, I�ll do it. I�ll be a lesbian hooker� I�ll be your devoted girlfriend.� Donna said. She deliberately added the latter, to get a reaction from Ms Brendan. Was she serious she would be her girlfriend and would she treat her nice from now on? 



�Great, sweet Cutty!� Ms Brendan said very pleased. �I�m so glad you didn�t choose&nbsp; to become an ordinary hooker. I�m sure you won�t be sorry you decided to become a full fledged lesbian.�



Donna was happy Ms Brendan was happy, and didn�t mind when Ms Brendan kissed her full on the lips. No, she eagerly returned the kiss, and they bobbed their heads in unison as they kissed passionately. Donna wanted to show her she would do everything possible to please her at all times. And she placed as much emotion, devotion as she could muster into each kiss.



She knew she could do it. She knew she could act, live, the way Ms Brendan would want her girlfriends to live. Especially as the alternative was so gross. She knew things would be hard sometimes. And she new Ms Brendan would rule her life even more. She would do disgusting things as she had seen during the party, but she could do them. If it was just with women� It was just so much less appalling than the alternative. 



�Now that is settled let�s discuss your next problem.� Ms Brendan said just as she stopped kissing Donna. She caressed the face of the wondering Donna and sat back again. �You have some pretty dirty pictures on the net��























No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without expressed permission of the author.



Copyright 2007 by Bokkey.

Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com



Chapter 42 - The Shoot



Donna had completely forgotten about the Pictures! Robert had been furious with her. He didn�t want those explicit sex scenes to be viewed by the whole world. Of course; she didn�t want that either. How could Ms Brendan have been so cruel by posting those pictures on the net? Especially as she is satisfied with her efforts?



�And you wanted to do something about that, right?� Ms Brendan took a bottle of champagne and filled two glasses. She looked at Donna intently.



�Yes, Ms Brendan, please�?� Donna begged, knowing that only Ms Brendan could help her now. Ms. Brendan was the one that had hooked her up with the damn phone. She was the one that had arranged for it to be linked to the world wide web. As usual, Ms. Brendan was the one in control. All Donna could do was plead for mercy and Donna knew that was what Ms. Brendan expected from her now.



Ms. Brendan placed a document in front of Donna, or more accurately - just below her exposed vagina - while at the same time offering Donna a glass of champagne.



�We called with the company that's named on this receipt. They're the ones who set up the Internet connection for everyone who bought that special phone in that store.� Ms Brendan explained, "but you are the first one to upload nothing but porn.� 



Donna shifted uneasily, sensing another catch was on its way. The receipt had told her nothing, even though her signature was somehow on it. When did they made her sign it? Or were they forging her signature now? And if they were, what else had they used her signature to do? Or make it seem that Donna had done? This was all just too sick to be true.



�Cheers, Cutty,� Ms. Brendan said as she raised her glass of champagne and took a sip. Ms. Brendan acted as if nothing special was going on and Donna hated that. Donna knew Ms Brendan was toying with her, humiliating her. But Donna also knew that she had no choice in the matter; she just had to play along. And so she raised her glass too and took a large sip. Donna could use the alcohol anyway as a way to cope with her feelings and what looked like a hopeless situation.



�We have contacted the Internet provider today to discuss the best way out of this,� Ms Brendan said, �but I have to tell you that they were not at all happy with the way you recklessly loaded their site with your porn. Children visit their sites, you know. As well as parents. They're very angry.�



Donna finished the champagne, trying to see a way out. Fear swept over her as she worried about the implications. If angry parents started to sue her actions would became public and things would get very messy very quickly. They would be ruined and her whole family would be disgraced. The pictures and films showed her having consensual sex. It would be impossible to proof she was forced to do it. If his face was in the pictures, Robert would be involved too and ruined as well as some kind of sex deviant. He would be a laughing stock in the business world; his career over. No, they wouldn�t stand a chance. 



Worse, she had to admit to herself that she would be outraged too if someone allowed her daughters to see that kind of filth. She could understand everyone who would sue; she would too, for sure. They would want her arrested and then there would be all those horrible lawsuits. It would be a circus. 



�Have another one.� Ms. Brendan poured Donna another champagne. �I see that you understand the trouble you've got yourself in.�



Donna grabbed the new glass and gulped it down. Oh yes, she did. She most certainly understod the terrible trouble that they got her into. She only wondered how they would pull this off without exposing themselves, but knowing them she feared they had thought about that too. 



So donna begged again �Please, Ms Brendan, please help me.� 



Donna knew that they had already arranged something for her. But she also knew from past experience that if she did not cooperate, did not play her part perfectly, they would make things worse. So Donna had to play along and beg, begging for help from the very ones who had made her so helpless.



�You can help yourself.� Ms. Brendan replied with a faint smile. �We spoke with them and it seems that they aren�t so innocent themselves. The website has an adult section. Since they own the copyright to all pictures posted, whether normal or filthy, they simply moved your pornography to the x-rated section.�



�But others could still see them!� Donna said, as she held out her glass for more tranquilizing champagne. �I want them removed! Please, please, Ms. Brendan, help me.�



Donna had stopped acting; she was honestly terrified. If those pictures got out, her kinky new life style would become public. Donna was under no doubt that Ms. Brendan was evil enough to let that happen. Is that what she really wanted to do? 



All Donna could hope for was that Ms. Brendan or the website owners would offer her a way out. A way out she could live with. 



Ms. Brendan filled Donna�s glass once more as she continued. �That is a possibility," Ms. Brendan agreed. "You can ask them yourself. But remember; they have the copyrights. You're therefore in a difficult spot. They can ask for a lot of money for your personal pictures.�



Donna took another large sip out of sheer frustration.



�Careful, you�ll get drunk and you�ll need to focus for what you�ll need to do now,� Ms Brendan warned. 



Puzzled, Donna looked at Ms. Brendan, who ignored her and started to stroke Donna�s exposed pussy, making Donna still more nervous. Acquiescing, Donna spread her legs widely and let a sexy, leering smile cross her face. The damn training showing itself again.



�They wanted to talk with you. They liked the pictures and hinted that they want some more. That�s why you�re made up like this.� Ms Brendan explained. 



Ms. Brendan�s finger trailed Donna's nether lips and then upwards to her navel. Donna felled the itch return again and her vagina getting moist. She took another sip of champagne, trying to distract herself and forget her body�s conditioned reactions.



"They wanted better ones. As a trade, they said. It's straight blackmail if you ask me.� Ms. Brendan continued as she looked at Donna, a sarcastic smile on her lips. �So you�ll call them and try to negotiate a deal with them. Maybe you can pay them off,or maybe you fall into their hands. That's all up to you. But I think you�re capable of arranging a deal that works best for all involved. I wouldn�t have hired you to work for me if I didn�t think you had enough business acumen to deal with complex situations like this.� 



Ms Brendan sat back on the couch as she inspected the beautiful creature on display in front of her. �See it as a test. If you get a good deal, if you impress me, it will for sure benefit you in your job� in all of your jobs.�



Donna smiled as she had been trained and posed by jutting her breasts and vagina forward to entice the closely-watching Ms. Brendan. Her mind meanwhile ran in overtime as she tried to cope with the situation at hand. They wanted to blackmail her? They had the rights to her personal pictures? They wanted more pictures of her?



Ms. Brendan let Donna figure out her options for a few moments as she calmly sipped her champagne. Her stern look made sure Donna maintained her sexy pose on the table, increasing Donna�s frustration. The squatting position was starting to hurt. But more annoying was the contradiction of the situation. To pose like a silly bimbo, while having to be the smart business women at the same time. It was so humiliating. And that, Donna knew, was the whole idea behind her situation.



When Ms Brendan had enough of the view, she dialed a number on her cell and gave it to Donna. As the phone rang, she gave Donna her last instructions �As you negotiate with them, Cutty, remember who you really are, remember to impress.�



Donna looked at Ms. Brendan intensely as her words sank in. She knew what Ms. Brendan meant and what it entailed for her.



"All they need to do is remove the pictures from the damn website and break the fucking link to my phone," Donna fumed. "But that won�t be easy with all the rules and constraints given to me. Damn this bitch! Damn my situation!"



�Hello?� A sleepy male voice sounded through the speaker of Ms. Brendan's cell below her, bringing Donna back to the business at hand�



Ms. Brendan gestured for Donna to answer. �... and be polite��



�Hello, ehmmm, this is Donna Alldring, I called with respect to my pictures that I wanted to have removed from your site,� Donna found herself speaking down to the phone, resting just below her bare vagina.



�Oh yeah, I had asked for you to call me later.� The man continued as he yawned into the phone. �Sorry, but I�ve had a long day�. Ok, so what did you decide?�



�Well, Mr....�



�Ralph Watson.�



�Well, Mr Watson, how about removing the pictures and break off the link with my phone?� Donna cut to the chase, pushing herself to put up her business image. That was rather difficult when she was looking down to the cell phone, seeing her skimpy attire, her painted wet vagina, lips curled outward by Ms. Brendan�s recent fondling. 



The voice on the other side laughed. 



�Wait a moment� I need to explain myself again, I think,� the man said. �As I told your friends already, those pictures and films are our property. You agreed to that when you signed the contract. We offered you the discount on service and you gave us permission to use any picture or video clip you uploaded as we see fit. It was meant so that we could publicize the pictures our clients post as part of a web �culture� project. Everybody would see each others pictures so they learned more about their own community. We clearly stated that on our web site and on the papers you signed when you bought the phone. You actually violated the rules by posting porn. We have been most displeased with that, to say the least.�



Donna heard the sarcasm in his voice. This was not going to be easy.



�So,� the man continued, �when we heard from your friends about the explicit pictures, we quickly took them and placed them in our adults-only section. Safely away from the younger eyes but still available for adults who want to pay for special content.. We figured it was our right to make money out of them anyway, given the problems you caused for us. And as we hold the copyrights...�



�Now we liked what we saw, even if the quality was not so good overall. And we figure you owe us still because people are threatening to sue us as the result of what you have done. We told your friend we wanted more pictures and film from you. To pay for the upcoming expenses. But this time, we expect real quality; we want you to become one of our featured models. For our MILF section.�



Donna was surprised by the blunt blackmail. 



�No way,� she answered �If you blackmail me like this, I�ll go to the police and you�ll spent the rest of your days in jail!�



�Be polite!� Ms. Brendan quietly warned the trapped housewife.



Donna nodded and added a humble �Mr Watson� as she awaited the man�s response. Donna had to keep calm and focus on her options. She shifted a bit to avoid cramping due to her squatting position.



�Together with you, most likely," the man replied to her threat. �as we�ll sue your ass for putting porn on a family web site. We have numerous official complaints that we hope we can pay off with a small amount. But if you sue us for blackmail, we let them sue us, and just give them the proof that you are the sole person responsible. That would make you not only bankrupt for the rest of your life, but would also put you and your husband in prison for showing porn to children. No lady, I wouldn�t advise you to do that.�



�And by the way, you are a big slut anyway. You like to take pictures of yourself; you love to expose yourself. Don�t lie about that, the pictures and movies speak for themselves. You can�t fake that. So we're just offering you a nice way to do what you love to do, just a bit more professionally and for real money.�



�Mr Watson,� Donna tried, �let�s make a deal.�



�The deal, Donna, is you make porn pictures for us on a regular basis, if they sell.� The man interrupted �And if they don�t we�ll sue your ass for the porn you already made and distributed illegally on our site.�



�Well, than you might as well start suing me, Mr Watson,� Donna replied calmly. She was getting the hang of this conversation. �You are offering me nothing that works to my advantage. I propose something different. Something we both can live with.� Donna looked at Ms Brendan and thought about the person that Ms. Brendan expected her to be.



�I am a bit of an exhibitionist, it's true, Mr Watson, and I do want to make pictures. But I want to make them available to a select clientele only.� The smile and nod from Ms Brendan told Donna that she approved of Donna�s reply. 



�I was thinking of a private web site - just featuring me - with paying costumers and you taking 10% of the money.�



�Too little, Donna, way too little,� the man replied. �We need at least the amount we�ll be sued for. We won�t pay a dime for that. Apart from that, we need a certain minimal amount a year, or else we won�t make any money off of you. And for that, we need proof. We need to see some truly magnificent pictures of you to seal the deal. Pictures or movies that prove you�ll make us lots of money..�



Donna could understand the request. She gave Ms. Brendan an annoyed look but only for a split second. She couldn�t let Ms. Brendan get mad at her now but the set up was so obvious. This man was just another friend of hers. They were probably laughing at her despite their straight faces. They probably enjoyed her humiliation.. And she couldn�t do anything about it, except going along. 



Ms Brendan for her part smiled wickedly and pointed to the Asian girl, who held up a sophisticated camera. Donna looked at the girl, understanding her predicament.



�Well?� The man pushed on.



�I can give you some samples, Mr Watson,� Donna sighed, surrendering to her situation. 



�And I want pictures of you fucking and more on a regular basis. Updates twice a week. We need you to make a reasonable turn over and t in our experience that's the bare minimum� 



Donna thought about her latest agreement with Ms. Brendan and knew that could pose a problem. �I only do solo shoots, Mr Watson. My husband or any other man won�t be involved. Those pictures you have were meant for our personal use only.�



�Then we can�t reach a deal. I mean .. solo shoots? it is just not kinky enough these days,� the man said. �These days they want to see a MILF like you taken up the ass by a big black man with a fat cock. That kind of picture sells. Big time!�



�No way, Mr Watson,� Donna said decisively. �No man can be involved. We can do some woman-on-woman stuff but that is as far as it goes.�



�Old lesbians don�t sell. Unless you want to involve your daughters. I heard you have two beautiful kids. That would make money for sure and get you out of your financial problems in no time.� 



Donna was appalled by how depraved this Ralph Watson was.. To even consider her daughters for these kind of shoots was so despicable. What was even more worrying was that Ms. Brendan had mentioned her daughters to this creep. How else could he have known about her daughters? 



Now she again noticed how thorough Ms Brendan and Ninon were in their schemes. They were always steps ahead of her, for example now as she had to agree to whatever filth this creep might come up with. If she didn�t she would be disgraced and financially destroyed. And if she fought them harder, who knew what Ms. Brendan might do? After all, there was still poor Vivian ....



�My daughters are off limits, Mr Watson. Don�t even think about that again.� Donna replied sternly, making sure he understood he had gone too far. �As far as the old lesbians don�t sell. I look great, and I ...� Donna had to think of something quick, something that would sell for sure. �� I can do shots with other women� with some role play� with some submission, you know bondage, S&amp;M, latex, really kinky stuff.�



�That might work,� the man conceded, not sounding too convinced.



�That�s about the best I can do for now,� Donna assured him. �I get a private web site where I can entertain my �guests�. With pictures, chat options and slots of goodies. And there will be a S&amp;M theme to keep it hot.�



�How far are you willing to go with the S&amp;M?� the man inquired. �If it's just dressing up and some lame bondage��



Donna looked at Ms Brendan, who gestured again at the Asian girl, who now sported a whip too, and pulled a bit at her leash. 



�I�ll show you in the try-out shoot.� Donna replied, understanding Ms. Brendan's offer. �Don�t you worry, it won�t be lame.� 



Donna felt so low again. She was so completely controlled. So easily played with. She was acting precisely as they wanted her to. Donna had followed their path to the letter. She hadn't been able to figure out how to do anything else. Every other option just seemed worse.



�Still, I want our expenses covered. Anything we need to pay because of your illegal porn is your responsibility and will be paid before you make any money. Next, we subtract an fixed amount a year for maintaining the site," the men said. �And that's only if the test pictures and film that I receive from you are great. And I do mean �Great�.�



�If the pictures impress you - and they will - I want my private pictures removed,.� Donna bargained.



�Okay,� the man agreed. �Ok, it�s a deal. And when do I get these impressive pictures?�



�ASAP,� Donna answered, again looking at the Asian girl next to her �I�ll work on them right away.�



�I�ll send you our standard contract, with the amounts we discussed. I�ll also send you a liability form in which you claim sole responsibility for the porn pictures and films posted. The contract will include a minimum amount of pictures and films per week, and a proposed schedule for the web-log which you must attend to talk to your clients. Send the signed papers together with the test pictures and movies back to me. If we like them, you�ll get back our signed copy of the contract.�



Donna thought about it. This deal was the best that she was likely to get, given the circumstances. She didn�t have a clue what fair prices were for maintenance of web-sites or, more precisely, porn web-sites. Maybe it was okay but there was no way to know and somehow she doubted that any of it fair.



�Okay, we have a deal,� Donna agreed.



�Then that�s settled. Nice view you�re giving me by the way. I must admit it helped you to make your point.� The man said jokingly as he hung up.



Donna wondered what he meant, until she saw her own cell below her, laying right underneath her. It filmed her wet lips and her ass hovering above it. How long had he been looking at her like that? She turned red with shame, as she understood the man must have thought she had placed it herself. To show him her body, to sell herself as a true hot slut. 



�I knew that would help you close the deal, Cutty.� Ms. Brendan said with her ever present evil smile. �And don�t you be shy now. He will see a lot more of you and in much more detail in the coming months.�



Donna hung her head in utter defeat as she measured how much worse things had just become. The Asian girl tugged on Donna's leash, dragging her back into reality. Donna was pulled off the table and made to stand. She trailed behind absentmindedly, her training making sure that she stood at attention automatically.



�Come, let�s do the shoot before we eat.� Ms Brendan said as she got up too.



With that, Donna was pulled to the training room. As they passed the famous wall with pictures, she couldn�t help but wonder how long it would be before her picture would also be hanging there. It was clear to her that it would be soon now. She was already going to a photo shoot, and in the coming weeks and months, there would be more, many more pictures taken of her. She looked with fear at the raunchy pictures and smiling faces. How different each woman on the wall looked to her now. Had she first been appalled by the women in the pictures freely exposing their private parts, now she understood what had made them do it. Each and every one of them had probably gone through the same experiences as Donna had. She now could really see through the fake smiles, no matter how vivid they seemed. It was awful! It made the wall a grim view into the dark world Ms Brendan and her peers controlled.



"How long has Ms Brendan been doing this to helpless women?" Donna wondered to herself as she followed the small Asian girl ahead of her. "How many women has she under her control? And how could she ever escape if all these women before her failed?�



The last picture that caught her attention was one of a petite woman, bent over and being taken from behind by an ugly black muscular man. Both were smiling at the camera but the small women was obviously in great discomfort, her pain clear in her distorted face. Still even that picture was hand-signed: �Thank you so much, Ms. Brendan...Sylvie xxx�. Donna could almost feel the humiliation of the poor woman. Forced to be fucked by a big black man, forced to pose for the camera while she was being abused, and than to smile and say thank you... 



A very disturbed Donna walked into the gym where everything was already set up for her first, "very own" porn shoot. The next step in her very own downfall.



"We'll start with some pictures of you both fully dressed and work up from there until you're being flogged and fucked by a strap on.� Ms Brendan said matter-of-factly. �That should convince them that you have great potential.�



Donna didn�t know what to say. She knew that she had to do as Ms. Brendan said. And she knew that she needed to impress her new blackmailers. But she also knew that she was about to take a crucial, next step in her submission. Donna was about to expose herself freely as some porn slut to an unknown audience. An unknown but large audience, she feared. 



Luckily, the champagne had started to work. The haziness in her head felt good; it was a welcome escape from the harsh reality. Donna smiled, she wanted, needed more champagne! 



The Asian girl positioned the slightly dazed Donna in the center of the set and took some lighting measurements. Ms. Brendan busied herself, checking each camera. There was even a digital movie camera, Donna saw. Again the realization of what she was about to do popped into her mind. She wanted to run, wanted to scream, but knew that she wouldn�t do anything of the kind. Donna knew she would expose herself to the world as a kinky sex object. She knew these pictures would soon be seen by strangers. Stranger would even pay to see them, and she was charging them for the privilege. After this session, there would never be a way back to her old life anymore. These pictures, this �job�, would haunt her forever.



But to rebel was just not an option. Not now, not with the new threat, the new blackmail. Donna reminded herself that Vivian�s death was only a few days ago. Told herself how cruel these people were. How much her family was in danger. She just didn�t have an answer to their actions now. She had to go along, no matter how much she hated it.

 

�Now, let�s right in one take, please. Cutty, your make up is perfect. You�re nicely oiled and you�re already wet too. The lightning in this room is perfectly set. I can�t see anything going wrong. Remember we want to impress, so it must look professional. And we don�t have time to touch up the pictures too much, so no smearing of the make-up please. And don�t forget the diamond in your teeth. Lots of smiles, let's see the sparkle. That should look great on film.�



Donna smiled her special smile which she knew exposed the glimmering diamond. She watched the Asian girl walk up to her from the circle of cameras, screens, lighting beams, and pick up the free dangling leash. Donna noticed herself smile meekly at the girl. Noticed herself pose and get ready for the start of the shoot. Her heart beat quickly now; she was extremely nervous.



�Ok, let's begin, shall we? Donna, follow my instructions to the letter and things will be just fine.� When she saw that the two women were ready, Ms. Brendan gave a sharp nod of the head. �Smile!�



Donna automatically did. The Asian girl pulled her leash and looked vicious at the camera; then, at Donna. Donna for her part smiled submissively or just looked scared, following Ms. Brendan's off-screen directions. The room filled with the flashes of the various cameras. The lighting lit her skin and clothes in flattering ways. At times, screens were adjusted so that Donna was illuminated to her best advantage. She was instructed to look straight into different cameras at different times, to perfect her poses, even if ever so slightly, in order to make the pictures come out better.

 

Some times, the Asian girl walked out of the picture frame to fetch a camera herself in order to take pictures on her own from a close-up angle. From the view point of the dominatrix. The girl didn�t verbally instructed Donna but instead pulled her around by the leash and used the whip as a prod to position Donna the way she wanted. The result was the same every time. Donna perfected each pose until her �Mistress� was satisfied and next the moment was memorized forever in digital pictures.



�I want you to learn how to pose perfectly for a shoot. How to show yourself off at your best. That�s why I�m drilling you so hard, Cutty. If you follow my instructions to the letter, you'll come out at your best on film. You�ll see. With or without clothing.�



And Donna did exactly as instructed. Each pose was repeated a few times so that Donna could practice and learn it by heart. As the shoot progressed, Donna was enthusiastically cheered on by Ms. Brendan and these compliments, together with the alcohol, helped Donna work herself into the right mindset for what she was doing. As her body actively participated and tried hard to please the demanding Ms Brendan, her conscious mind slipped into a kind of trance, watching but not involved.

 

Some part of her even felt proud as Ms Brendan remarked at how great Donna was doing, how good she looked, how great a pose had came out. It was the same satisfying but terribly conflicted feeling that Donna had felt before whenever Ms. Brendan had pampered her. In a strange way, Donna started to feel really special as the shoot went along. The way Ms Brendan complimented her, the way Donna was the center of the attraction. Every camera, every lens was aimed at her. Donna was constantly talked to, instructed, cheered on, all in a encouraging way. It was wonderful! 



Donna recalled how much she had loved having her picture taken when she was younger. In a weird way, what was happening now was her little girl dream come true. If she just could forget that it was a porn flick, masybe she could enjoy all of this fantasic attention to its fullest. And for that matter, this shoot wasn't that bad. Wasn't it still kind of normal? She was still wearing all her clothes. Apart from a few kisses and caresses exchanged between Donna and her Asian Mistress, she could pretend that she was doing a very hot shoot for Robert. 



At last they took a break and Donna was led to Ms Brendan outside of the circle of the photo set. The three of them stood together and looked at the results of the shoot so far, projected on the white wall at the back of the large room. It was the first time that Donna really saw herself exposed like this. Before she had never really looked at the previous pictures, finding them disgusting. Above all, she was afraid that she would look old and ugly. The bad quality of those pictures hadn't helped her looks either.

 

These new pictures were different. For one thing they were very clear. Even blown up on the wall, they were still sharp, very sharp. The close ups of her face showed everything; each eye lash, the texture of her skin, her lips, every detail of her heavy make-up. Her white teeth showed bright and clear. The diamond flashed brightly in several of her smiles. On one, it even sparkled. And that was just her face! 



When she saw the sharp pictures of her body, Donna amazed herself. She was gorgeous! Her long legs in the high heels looked even longer; her firm body showed beautifully through the see-through dress. The close-ups of her torso showed her large breasts with each nipple clearly visible through the thin dress. She now understood why they too had been painted; it made them jump out much more clearly on film. 

Her oiled skin had a surprisingly dark, beautiful tan in the pictures. The lightning had been perfect, just as Ms Brendan had predicted it would be. The light made her skin look mazingly smooth. The skin treatments had done wonders indeed and ,with the oil, it was just amazing, amazing.



Donna was relieved by the way she looked. No, even better; she was proud. And that feeling increased with each new picture that she saw. Her fears of looking like a tired old hag housewife with sagging breasts and wrinkles had been wrong. Nothing of that in these pictures. The poses she was forced to adopt revealed her as a beautiful creature. Her looks made her actually feel jubilant, especially so as the pictures were just slightly erotic; she was still fully clothed in them. They looked more like glamour pictures, albeit with an edge. You did see a bit more than usual, but it was still acceptable, Donna told herself, according to her. And she just looked marvelous! She just couldn�t get over that. It was such a relief somehow. 



"If only my breasts were a little firmer," Donna thought almost unconsciously, looking at another picture flash by. "That would make them look so much better, like they used to."



�Okay, back to work,� Ms. Brendan broke into Donna�s daze. �For a first time, it's not bad. Not bad at all. But now the clothes come off. Cutty, I really need you to get into the act. We need to see a humble slave submitting to her mistress. Forget the cameras, forget your troubles. Just focus on being the sexy slave in the pictures and show off that beautiful body you have. Let the whore inside you come out and take over. We�ll repeat the same poses so you'll already know how to stand. I'm hopeing that we can go much faster through the next set.�



With that, Donna was pulled by the leash back into position and at the same time pulled back to the reality of her situation. She started to panic, knowing that she was about to do something so very wrong. So against her own nature. And so irreversible.



�Stand straight, look at the camera, � Ms Brendan instructed. �Legs a bit wide, okay, feet a bit inward, not too much� that�s it. Now smile ... friendly, more warmth, ... and now submissively ... that's it ... right at the camera ... as you turn a bit and unzip the back of your dress. �



Donna posed as directed, as the Asian girl caressed her with the whip, guiding her hands to the zipper at the back of the dress. This was the moment that Donna had been dreading. Now, she was going to strip for the world to see and she was forced to smile as she did it! Anyone looking at this movie would see that she was doing this of her own free will. The kinky S&amp;M theme of the movie would explaining the occasional distressed look, if there even was one. It was awful.

 

And yet, at the same time it wasn�t. Donna knew that she should fight them, that she should feel abused but she didn�t. She had to admit to herself that she was still in shock by the way she looked in the pictures. She was actually eager to see how she would look when naked. She felt herself strangely proud of the thought. How many 40-plus women could pose naked without looking old and ugly? 



��And Cutty�,� Ms Brendan said, catching Donna's attention again. �Remember that you look wonderful. Remember that you should be proud of your body, how fabulous it looks. That�s why I wanted you to be my girlfriend, and I am very picky.�



�Thank you, Ms Brendan, I will,� Donna replied, smiling at the compliment.



"Oh, fuck it all!" Donna told herself. "If I have to do this shoot anyway, I might as well go along and act just the way she wants. Better to go down in glamour then to look like an idiot. If I make some hot porn, at least I'll get paid for it." 



�Slowly, let the dress fall slowly off your shoulders,� Ms. Brendan instructed.



The Asian girl placed the whip under Donna�s chin, holding her head up so that Donna couldn�t look down in shame. At the same time, Donna fondled the zipper at the back of her dress and then slowly slipped the dress off her shoulders as she faced the cameras.



Her mind spun insanely between her conflicting feelings. First, Donna felt ashamed and a split second later she was aroused, then dizzy from the alcohol, than annoyed by the hands of the Asian girl grabbing her breast. 



But it didn�t stop her from undressing. She still tried hard to focus on the job at hand, tried to ignore any emotion that didn't help, useless feelings of rebellion, doubts, fears, all fellings that would just make things harder for her, make the shoot turn out worse.



�Make sure it doesn�t fall too fast!� Ms. Brendan warned. �And keep looking sexy� now smile at your cruel Asian mistress � Right!!�



Donna�s eyes still filled with tears of sheer humiliation as her dress slowly fell towards the floor, exposing first the cleavage of her breast, then part of the areola, the nipples and finally her whole breasts. She didn�t want to but to show her naked skin in such a blatant and tasteless way just made her cry. It was too emotional for her to fight it. 



�Beautiful!!� Ms Brendan said. �Keep those eyes watery, and hold the dress up just beneath your breasts.�



As if Donna had cried on purpose! As if she wanted to be here! Forced, blackmailed into stripping. She, a mother of two, married. How could they?



The Asian girl meanwhile smiled her evil grin and pulled her closer. Her hands explored Donna�s now free breasts still and showed them off to the camera. She let the whip play with the nipples. She even gave Donna a few sharp lashes so that her nipples got harder from the pain. And each �ouch� followed by a forced smile was duly recorded, both in photos and movies.



�Ok, now before we continue dry her eyes before her make-up smears.� Ms Brendan said as she started to review the new set. 



The Asian girl fetched some tissues and blotted Donna�s eyes dry. She checked Donna closely and re-did the mascara and black outlines of her eyes a bit. Donna was outwardly ready for the next part but inside Donna had become an emotional wreck. This was much worse than the rapes that she had endured; this was psychological torture. She knew that she was fucking up her life with every picture and movie clip that she posed for.

 

Donna glanced at the wall to see the new pictures that Ms. Brendan was reviewing. They were awful as far as Donna could see through the bright lights shining in her eyes. Her breasts were clearly visible and several close ups had been taken of her nipples, some with the long nails of the Asian girl pinching them, some with the whip slashing them. Every part of her breast was visible and from every viewpoint. The way her breasts hung, every skin texture, the dark small cracks in her nipples, areolas� everything! 



�Let the dress fall lower, show the pierced belly button.� Ms Brendan instructed, starting up the shoot again.



Donna again did as was told, smiling wantonly. Inwardly, she had to fight her emotional distress for control. Her negative feelings had overwhelmed her and Donna hated that. Not only did her embarassment fuck up her concentration on the shoot but it also made her feel weak and silly. Humiliating feelings were something that she could do without right now; things were tough enough as it was. She needed to perform.



On top of that, Donna realized that she also had to deal with the frustrating arousal caused by the Asian female�s expert touches. The girl beautifully mixed soft gentle caresses with cruel hard pinches and the touch of her whip. Donna's exposed body could only react to this treatment by getting aroused. Her nipples were rock hard and her vagina was now producing more and more juices and her itch had returned with a vengance. This made Donna eager for something to scratch it, yearn for her mistress fingers to plunge deep inside. 



�Keep your dress still around the hip.� Ms Brendan told Donna. �Smile.. turn� legs wider� now stand straight� Yes, whip her breasts and belly a bit��



Ms Brendan led the posing pair through the same basic sado-masochistic poses again. Donna managed to pose as she had just been trained. As she did her best to remember each pose, how to stretch her legs, lift them properly, precisely what to do with her arms, her hands, Donna found that her focus on her body helped to her to get over her emotional outbursts. Focusing on executing the detailed instructions perfectly was calming her down.



�The whips should be a bit harder, I can�t see the marks clearly on film. Maybe it's due to the oil. Whip her harder� Yes, that one shows perfectly!�



The Asian girl now whipped Donna�s belly harder than was comfortable for Donna. After each whipping, Donna cringed from the pain and she felt the welts left on her belly. Wasn�t it too early to hurt her skin? Hadn�t Ms Brendan explained that to her? Will these marks last? 



The Asian girl meanwhile played her part perfectly, dominating Donna cruelly and making sure the camera caught every evil pose perfectly. She expertly twisted and turned the meek Donna into one compromising pose after another, all duly recorded on digital film. Her Asian mistress clearly enjoyed toying with her, Donna noticed when she looked into her mistress' eyes. The girl clearly got her kicks out of humiliating other women.



�Okay, now lower the dress to the ground.� Ms Brendan instructed.

With that instruction, the dress finally continued on its way down and fell slowly across Donna�s hips, revealing the small black lace, see-through thong that perfectly fit over her pussy and disappeared into her ass crack. 



�Smile Donna, smile!�



Donna was forced to turn around and show a fake but overjoyed smile. She had to look straight into the camera that Ms. Brendan had pointed at her. Donna felt more humilated and embarassed by each camera flash.



�Perfect! Great smiles!� Ms Brendan complimented the distraught Donna. 

Donna, for her part, felt so ashamed. So uncomfortable. It made it impossible for her to think straight. All that went through her mind was the fact that her naked body was now recorded, ready to be viewed by millions sometime soon. Her mind ran senselessly around the same futile circle. She should resist, she couldn�t because of the blackmail, they�ll hurt her daughters, she was protecting them right now, she was saving the family. In the end, it always came down to the simple fact that she had to participate, eagerly, to keep these monsters away from the ones she loved.

 

And that damn itch!! By now, the Asian girl had figured out that Donna was eager for her touch around her vagina. So the girl played with Donna's body, her vagina, making her squirm, especially when she slipped a finger between her over sensitive labia. Donna hated her body, hated how it reacted, how it had been trained to react - just like a slut. But what could she do to resist? Her nakedness, her forced humble attitude, it gave her so little room to fight, and so much room to just give in. 



The dress meanwhile fell down her thighs, down her calves, and to the ground. 



�Smile!� And Donna smiled again, a few tears licked away by her mistress. �You can do better ... Be happy ... Be proud!� Ms Brendan encouraged, no, demanded.



A sharp whipping on her bare ass made sure that Donna was back to attention and she tried her best to smile eagerly. All to please her tormentors. As she did, Donna realized to her own humiliation that she was rocking on the finger in her vagina. Slowly, almost unnoticeably, but she and the Asian girl knew exactly what was going on. 



�Good!� Ms Brendan said as she started to take many more pictures of the undressed Donna. �Now I want your full attention. Really show off your body. Flaunt it, be proud of it! You look marvelous, trust me!�



Donna sighed, but understood it was useless to resist. She came up with the same lame excuse that she had used already so many times. "Later. I'll resist them later. Now is just not the time." 



But even as she said this to herself, Donna wondered if she would ever be able to resist. Ever be able to fight them.



But the weak excuse gave her a way to push her feelings aside and participate more actively again on the set. She could overcome her shame one more time. Donna began to smile in more sexy ways, stretched herself harder, flaunted herself more agressively. 



Before long, Donna had become used to her nakedness and just posed as directed, focusing obsessively on the little details of what she was told to do, trying to be perfect, blocking out anything else.



�Ok, small break,� Ms Brendan finally announced. Donna felt the leash finally loosen. The Asian girl walked out of the lights to the drink cart. She poured three glasses of champagne. God, how Donna needed more champagne!



Ms Brendan signaled Donna to come over to her and look at the pictures with her. �They�re great, you�re doing great!� Ms. Brendan complimented. �You are really photogenic, Cutty. Marvelous how you show your body, your private parts!� 



Donna looked reluctantly at the pictures as they were displayed on the wall . What she saw was exactly what she had feared. Donna looked incredibly hot in every shot. Definitely a willing participant. Anyone would say that her smiles were genuine, her poses lewd, without any show of force. 



She looked at a series of pictures where Donna had been bent over and the Asian girl had pulled her ass cheeks apart so that her thong was clearly visible as it barely covered her brown ass hole. Her face with its naughty smile looking back over her shoulder to the camera, together with the Asian girl snarling, � an obvious porn pose and obviously consensual too.



Donna drank the newly offered champagne in two, deep sips. She saw the new whip marks in the pictures, the same ones that she still felt on her body. She saw the playful teasing between her mistress and her. The full frontal pictures of her, hiding nothing. The way the black beaded necklaces played with her breasts, swung in unison with them. In several pictures, the necklaces got stuck by her hardened nipples or were trapped underneath her breasts. It showed how big and saggy they were. Donna found herself wishing again her breasts were like they used to be.



Her long slender legs were portrayed in several pictures. She was proud of that result and appalled as well. The way she could bent over with straight legs� it was quite an achievement for someone of her age. And to have legs that look so long and hot, any woman would envy her. Yet the way she was shot was gross. She had displayed herself as mere female meat. The poses, the looks, it all had �hard core� written all over them. She was in essence nothing more than high-class fuck meat in those pictures. Fuck meat in digital high resolution. 



Most awful however were the close-ups of her thong barely covering her vagina. Clearly the texture of her hairless skin was visible. Each small hairless stubble. She could see the scar that Ms. Brendan had imposed on her. She could see her own wetness, the way it had dampened parts of the thong. Through the see-through texture of the tong, she could make out her inner lips, desparate to be released.

 

�Cutty,� Ms Brendan said as she took a break to look at the undressed Donna. "Now, I want you to pay attention. I still see you thinking far too much. Being ashamed of what you do. Though for someone else in some other place it might be normal, we can�t have that right now. We need these pictures, they�re important for your future.�



Donna took another glass of champagne. Maybe they wanted her to get drunk? She wanted to get drunk, anything to block out what was happening.



�So I want you to be more free, more jubilant, in the set of next pictures. Loosen up. I don't want to see you trying to think. Just act, be the slut, be the whore. And as you can see, you look great. Nothing to be ashamed of there. A perfectly maintained, hot fuck body. Give yourself the chance to be the best you can be for the camera.�



�Remember,� Ms. Brendan continued. �We don�t have time to touch up the pictures nor can we redo this shoot. It is what it is. But it does need to convince your website administrators. So it is very important for your own future to do your utmost. This is one time that your simply cannot fail.�



Donna drank her champagne fast enough to finish before the others. She had heard Ms. Brendan but now was only focused on getting drunk. She craved its comfortable, numb feeling. Craved the excuse it gave her to participate.



Slap!



Ms Brendan had slapped her hard on her left cheek, waking her up from her dream state.



Slap!



Another slap on the other cheek got her focusing on Ms Brendan again.



�Focus, Cutty!� Ms Brendan said sternly, looking her in the eye.



Swissh!



A hard sharp lash on her ass from the Asian girl.



Donna was now completely back into the real world. Ms Brendan grabbed her face and pulled her close.



�Focus, bitch!� She hissed into Donna�s face. �Your future depends on it. Don�t lose it now! Show off your sexual appetites. Show what you really are to the fullest. If these pictures turn out badly, you will be in deep shit! Remember the threat, they�ll sue you. You�ll be publicly disgraced. Your whole family will be publicly disgraced. Robert will have to explain to the world how he could have been so stupid in bed, so inexperienced, so soft, such a loser. No doubt Robert will divorce you, just to vindicate his reputation and fight for his own self esteem. No doubt you�ll lose your children. They�ll end up with the nearest family. You�ll probably end up in prison, unable to pay your debts, and jailed for open lewdness. And, believe me when I say this, I will not help you out this time!�



Donna understood all too well what Ms Brendan was saying. It was exactly what she was afraid of too. Especially losing her children. If she was portrayed as a sex addict, totally out of control, she would surely lose Julie and Trixy. And Robert, well, it wouldn�t surprise her if he left her too. He would hate her for abusing his trust, for making their intimate sex lives entertainment for the world. And as for the rest of the family� oh, forget it.



What Ms. Brendan didn�t mention was that she was the main reason for Donna�s downfall. This frustrated Donna the most. The constant acting as if Donna was doing this out of her own free will or as the result of her thoughtlessness and stupidity. Ms. Brendan had been plotting and scheming Donna's life ever since she entered it and Donna knew Ms. Brendan was to blame for most of her problems, if not all of them. But still the bitch kept playing the innocent, even helpful friend. And Donna had to act the stupid, sex craved housewife who needed her help. No, who even was grateful for her help. 



And doing this shoot made her so incredibly vulnerable! She would fall into the hands of those pornographers. She was already powerless against Ms. Brendan, Ninon, the therapist. What if someone who she knew saw the pictures? Wouldn�t they try to blackmail her too? Or worse, just make it public? Making her nightmares come true anyway?



Swissh!



Another hard lash on her ass.



�Cutty!� Ms Brendan said, still holding her face and looking Donna in the eye.



�Yes, Ms Brendan?� Donna meekly replied, crying both from pain and frustration.



�Do you understand tht you have no choice?�



�Y-Yes, Ms Brendan.�



�Than what do you have to do?�



Donna heaved heavily before answering. �I need to� make this picture shoot perfect. I need to focus. I need to make sure they accept me as a model, Ms. Brendan.�



�And what happens if they accept you?� Ms Brendan pressed on.



�They will set up a web site for me, Ms Brendan, for more pictures��



�And that will give you the opportunity to make money for the families that will sue you, right?� Ms Brendan added. �Don�t forget that. I don�t see you making enough money without that site. And maybe, if they think you�re any good, they'll be more likely to protect you and make 

lots of money off of you and therefore need you out of jail.�



�Yes, Ms Brendan,� Donna said, surrendering. She had no choice anyway.

�So get yourself together and really show me all you have from now on!� 



�Yes.. yes, Ms Brendan.� Donna promised. 



Ms Brendan let go and looked at Donna with some pity 



�Cutty?� she said gently



�Yes, Ms Brendan?� Donna replied meekly, hoping for some kindness.



�You look beautiful in the pictures. You are definitely photogenic. You have something extra in these pictures, even though you yourself might not see it just yet. But you�re really special. Just go along, give it your best shot. You�ll see; it�ll work out fine. Trust me.�



Donna smiled at the attempt to cheer her up. She liked the gentle Ms. Brendan so much more than the evil one. She rolled her head up to clear her mind a bit from her drunken fog. �I will do my best, Ms Brendan, I�ll do my utmost.�



�Great, Cutty. So let�s get on with the shoot.� Ms Brendan said and gestured for the Asian girl to begin again.



The leash was pulled and Donna followed the Asian girl meekly back to the center of the set. 



�Okay, Cutty, lose the thong!�



And Donna promptly did. As the leash was held tight and the Asian girl faked threatening her with her whip, Donna bend over slightly and lowered her thong using the thumbs of her hands. She had seen pornstars undressing that way many times and she figured that was the most erotic way to do it. 



Donna did her best to look fearfully at her mistress as Ms. Brendan directed. Or to look into the camera with a happy smile, a naughty smile, a slutty wink. Donna increasingly was grateful for Ms. Brendan constant direction. It made it so much easier for her. Hardly any thing to think about and all she had to do was do as she was told.



As the thong was halfway her thighs, she was forced to stand straight and pose with her arms wide, showing off her �sexy vagina�, as Ms. Brendan said wickedly. Then, she had to turn and show off her naked ass, first standing upright, next bending over with her looking invitingly over her shoulder into the camera, as the Asian girl spread her ass cheeks and grimaced into the camera. The repeated poses helped Donna to get into the rhythm of the shoot again. These were her first naked close ups of her most private parts, Donna realized, but she didn�t allow her mind to dwell there for long.



Her thong was allowed to drop to the floor. She pushed it aside, smiling at the camera, now completely nude but for her jewelry and her shoes. Donna really did her best to pose as lewdly as she could. All the while her Asian mistress whipped her, pulled her into obscene poses. Her cunt lips spread wide, Ms. Brendan zoomed in to capture its pink flesh in a series of pictures, and then Donna's dark brown ass hole. Donna just focused on getting the shots right. Knowing that was what was expected from her and finding it easier and easier as she went along. 



Her training had taught her so much already, the poses had been rehearsed so often so now that she had stopped resisting, Donna easily wcould handle everything Ms. Brendan told her to do. The more she participated, the more she worked hard to be better, the more Ms Brendan complimented her, even getting excited at the way Donna's pictures were turning out. And as Ms Brendan made her more compliments, the more Donna began to feel proud of what she was doing, of how hot she looked. 



That in turn pushed Donna to go further and truly disregard all her lingering complaints, all of her worries. She threw herself into whatever part Ms. Brendan wanted her to play. Now the slut, next the insatiable whore. She fought with her Asian mistress, kissed her, knelt for her, worshipped her. 



Ms. Brendan and the Asian girl jumped to the occasion and launched a steamingly hot, improvised shoot during which the naked Donna was �forced� to worship the body of the Asian girl. They tried out increasingly demeaning poses, ones not done before. Donna had to kiss the girls feet and lick them, kiss her mistress' thighs as she looked straight into the camera, and ultimately kissed her ringed vagina, nuzzling the metal bits of her piercings.



And even though she was caught up in the wild sex scene, Donna used her �forced� closeness with her mistress to look at her mistress' modifications. Donna was in awe at the tattoos that covered the Asian girl�s body. As she kissed each one of the tattoos, Donna marveled at their colors, their sharpness, their vulgarity. Her tongue followed the large penis tattooed on her mistress' back, all the way to its buldging red cap. She couldn�t take her eyes of the lewd image. It was so obscene! What made a girl tattoo such a hideous picture on her skin? It ruined her nicely toned back. All her tattoos did. Yet the artist had made each image on her body a true piece of art. It was skillfully done, which made it even more repulsive. Some sick bastard had taken a lot of time to seriously disfigure this girl.



And the piercings! Donna�s tongue had skillfully played with the ones in her vagina, as her eyes took in the close up view. If the tattoos had been skillfully done, the piercing were much more a result of some inexperienced sicko. Some of the holes showed burn marks, some had been infected. Someone really had tortured the girl while making the holes.



All her admiring, observing, kissing and licking was meanwhile duly recorded in digital movies and pictures. Automatically, Donna smiled at the camera or grimaced as the Asian girl whipped her. It all depended what image they were going now. Still, Donna never totally forgot what was really going on. No, Donna made sure that each pose was as good as she could make it, proudly earning more and more compliments. 

 

�And now for the last part, the strap on.� Ms Brendan instructed finally, stopping Donna from kissing and licking her mistress and introducing the last part of the shoot. 



The Asian girl fetched a strap-on from a side table, pulled it on, and walked up to the now kneeling Donna. In between, Ms Brendan had given the kneeling Donna another delicious glass of champagne, which she gratefully gulped down. 



�You�re doing so much better than I thought you would, Cutty.� Ms Brendan told her as she looked down upon Donna, stroke her hand gently through Donna�s hair. �You really, really impress me. The pictures look great!�



Donna looked up at her girlfriend, not able to keep a proud smile off her face. From the tone of her voice, Donna understood that Ms. Brendan really meant what she was saying this time. And Donna knew well by now that Ms. Brendan wasn�t easily impressed. 



"And you haven�t seen nothing yet!" Donna thought as she gave the glass humbly back to the towering woman standing over her. "I will impress you even more in the last scene. I�ll make you so overwhelmed by my performance that you'll never want to hurt me again. You�ll fall in love with me and always be kind to me, to us!"



Ms. Brendan let Donna lick her fingers and suck on them a bit as she smiled down upon her victim. After a few moments, she pulled herself together again and stepped back. 



�Suck the dildo first, Cutty, then you fuck it into yourself by plunging on it with your cunt.� Ms. Brendan ordered, starting up the last part of the shoot.



Eagerly smiling, Donna turned to her Asian mistress and grabbed the strap-on with both hands. She expertly started to drool over the plastic phallus, swallowing it as she looked up at the girl who tightened the leash in response. The dildo painfully passed into her throat and she accommodated herself professionally by lifting her body so her throat was in line with her mouth. Her head was roughly shoved up and down as she was told to look into the camera and smile. With some difficulty she managed that, a feat that brought on more sincere praise from Ms. Brendan.



Next, Donna was directed to withdraw the tool from her mouth, making sure that her saliva was clearly visible as it hung between her open mouth and the rubbery dildo. With her fingers, she spread her spit all over the dildo, smiling at the camera all the while, smiling too at her Asian mistress. All done precisely as instructed. All of it earning her more compliments.



Donna was ordered to stand up and bend over, at which her Asian mistress and Ms. Brendan took over while they looked for the best angle from which to capture the invasion of the strap-on into her shaved vagina. 



It was humiliating for Donna to have to stay put, resting on her hands while pushing her ass up as high has she could, just so that they could play with her vagina. She felt them open up her labia and close them again and again. She felt the Asian girl open her cunt with her fingers, testing a bit how well the dildo slid, and putting a finger in her ass hole. The girl whipped her a few times when Ms. Brendan told her to so Donna's exposed ass and thighs were stripped with the whip marks that Ms. Brendan wanted Donna to sport. 



Donna felt like an animal but didn�t object. It wasn�t that bad really. It even excited her a bit and the compliments that she got for cooperating were more than worth it. Wasn�t this humiliating exposure exactly what every women dreamed of at least once in her lifetime? Donna told herself that she was just experiencing that fantasy in the real world. Lucky her! Above all, Donna just knew that she would be treated right. Apart from the whips and the rough screwing that was sure to be painful, they would be gentle with her. She should indeed consider herself lucky, the dazed Donna decided.



As she thought about it, Donna had to admit to herself that things were so much easier, felt so much better, now that she had cooperated. The whips were less vicious, the groping less painful. And on top of that, now Donna could allow herself to get excited by the way that she was being treated. Now she could let herself go, let her body freely respond to being touched. And especially now! They were fondling her vagina again; she could feel her juices flow, her blood rushing to her cunt-lips. It was so lovely and wickedly dirty!

 

All too soon Donna was pulled up and made to arch her back. They were ready for penetration.



Donna pulled herself together and fell easily into her part of the insatiable slut again. She reached back with one hand between her legs to guide the plastic rod into her extremely wet vagina as she looked over her shoulder to the Asian girl and at the camera, smiling.



Gently at first, the Asian girl wriggled the strap-on into Donna as the cameras flashed and the movie cameras captured every moment. Donna proudly posed, lifting one of her breasts with a free hand, trying to act as sluttily as she could. Donna had never felt so hot, so eager to show off, so eager for more compliments. 



Even better, the dildo helped satisfy her terrible itch. Donna groaned and wished the girl would shove it into her faster! And her toying with her ass holehad aroused her itch there too.

 

Soon her wishes were met as the Asian girl bucked roughly into her, after the first few strokes wet the dildo's shaft. Donna closed her eyes as she felt the dildo scratch inside her pussy. She wriggled with her hips and ass so the hard rod scratched her entire love canal. It was so wonderful! The girl was so experienced and had such endurance! The more her itch in her vagina was satisfied, the more her ass hole itch played up. Awful, but hot too.



Donna was now so in to her fucking that the whipping the girl was giving her didn't hurt. To the contrary, Donna soon was welcoming each blow loudly, begging to be hit harder. Without any conscious thought, Donna squirmed her body into the most impossible curves in order to fully enjoy the dildo penetrating her again and again. It was partly acting but mostly raw lust.



All too soon, Donna felt a delicious climax building up. She felt like cunt start to spasm around the dildo, milking it for all she was worth. The Asian girl picked up her pace even more, ramming harder and harder into Donna. Painfully hard but oh so nice! Donna screamed louder and louder, urging her mistress to please fuck her harder, rougher. Donna totally forgot about the shoot and just positioned herself so that the Asian girl could force the climax on her.



�YES!! YES!!� Donna screamed. �YES!! YESSSSS!!�



The climax waved over her. For the longest time, Donna stiffened her legs, her arms, her torso, while the Asian girl kept humping the strap-on into Donna's quaking pussy as fast as she could. Donna felt her cum squirting out of her, spraying the inside of her legs way below her knees. She felt all her blood rush trough her body, accumulating in her lips, her breasts.



�YESSSSS!!! YESSS!!� Donna tried to say something else but couldn't. It was all she could say but how she truly meant it!!



She broke down and collapsed on her knees as the girl still fucked her silly. Her pussy just couldn�t stop squirting. Wave after wave of ecstasy rolled over her. 



�YESS!! YESSS!!� Donna screamed mindlessly over and over again. This was too wonderful to be true. Never she felt like this. This was the best orgasm of her whole, entire life! All her frustrations, all her tensions were gone. Her body, her mind, everything just participated and were carried away senselessly in the everlasting climax. �YESS!! YESS!!!�



Ages later, Donna woke up from her delirium. She discovered that she had been rubbing herself on the ground, ass up. Ms. Brendan was taking some close ups of her fingering. As she pulled herself wearily up and smiled drowsily into the camera, Ms. Brendan started to talk to her again.



�You�ve had one heck of an orgasm. Multiple orgasms I would say.�

Donna nodded, smiling naughty, still enjoying the aftermath.



�I�ve recorded it perfectly. Even when you were obviously out of it, you still managed to pose perfectly. You�re a natural exhibitionist, Cutty. I think we have found an unknown talent of yours. You�re site will be fantastic, and you�ll enjoy making it!�



Donna smiled as she remembered she was still in a shoot and brought her wet hand to her mouth. She started to lick her own juices and smiled into Ms. Brendan's camera. The camera was recording her most recent dirty deed and for whatever perverse reason, Donna felt proud again. She had impressed again. Boy was she great!



�I was going for an ass fuck too, but I figure we have enough material for your web-masters and you don�t seem up to anything anymore.� Ms Brendan smiled. �So let�s just wrap up with you sucking the dildo clean, just the way you licked your pussy clean.�

Donna stumbled slowly to her knees and grabbed the wet dildo dangling in front of her with her mouth. She still felt naughty and extremely giggly somehow. 



As she sucked the dildo clean, she analyzed her feelings. "That�s it," Donna realized as she took the top of the dildo in her mouth and smiled into the camera for yet another close up, "I�m feeling relieved somehow. When I stopped fighting my inhibitions and just let go, I truly enjoyed myself. I orgasmed with no problem in front of the camera. I had a wonderful time and am not ashamed to admit it. The orgasm was wonderful. The orgasms were wonderful."



She sucked long and slowly on the strap on as her mind came down from her high and the alcohol fog disappeared. With it, her inevitable feelings of shame and hopelessness began to creep back into her mind. "How could I lose control like this? How will it look on film? How will I ever explain this to anyone?�



But even before those thoughts could revive her depression, the alcohol took effect again as did the fog in her mind. "I was drunk, I still am drunk" were her last rational thoughts and with that she focused again on the shoot, the dildo she was cleaning. And so Donna smiled, as the camera came closer. 



"I still have this itch in my ass, she thought as the lens stopped right in front of her. Donna felt horny again. She was eager for another orgasm, never mind if it happened in front of the camera.



Donna released the dildo much to the surprise of Ms Brendan, turned and offered her ass to her Asian Mistress..



�Please fuck my ass?� Donna said as humbley as possible but with a naughty, drunken smile.



Ms. Brendan hurried back to the other cameras and started to record this unexpected scene. Donna meanwhile smiled with her eyes closed as the dildo started to poke at her rear hole. She knew, even through her fogged mind, that she would hate herself for what she was doing, but she also knew her damn itch would be scratched finally. That it would feel so good!! And she didn�t give a damn right now what the world would think of her. 



The ass fuck went by quickly from Donna's point of view. She had just concentrated on scratching every part of her inner bowels. She vaguely remembered being told to masturbate and actually even coming again but the next thing she remembered was when she was sitting on a chair, exhausted, with yet another champagne glass, cheering her first nude picture shoot.



Donna smiled as she drank a few sips, and watched her Asian Mistress. The girl drank the champagne too, but was rather reserved now. As soon she was told by Ms Brendan to leave, she immediately got up, bowed to Ms Brendan, and left.



�She�s so very well trained. Leave it to Asians to train their slaves well.� Ms Brendan observed as the girl disappeared from view. �Now let�s look at your complete first porno photo and movie set, my little slut.�



As they sat and drank champagne, they reviewed the latest pictures. Donna saw her naked body, her dildo fuck, her anal session pass by on the great white wall. She wasn�t surprised anymore nor ashamed. It's the alcohol, she figured, it had just lowered her inhibitions. It does makes things easier she found and she gratefully took another large sip. 



�Too much alcohol on an empty stomach makes you do strange things.� Ms Brendan said as she scrolled back the ass fucking pictures.



Donna knew what she meant and knew that she was trying to embarrass her but somehow at the moment it just didn�t get to her. When Ms Brendan noted this, she went through the sets more technically. Judging Donna�s performance, pointing out areas where she could still improve.



Donna found herself taking most of it for granted. She was much more amazed by her own fabulous looks. She found herself indeed good looking, even for her age. But she also was proud of the way she acted in the pictures. The sex positions were done very well. You almost couldn�t tell it was her first time in front of the camera.



Donna even loved the close-ups, where her vagina and ass were most obscenely shown. She was proud of how well she compared with the pornstars that she watched all the time. The way she parted her lips, spread her ass cheeks, she did it just like them - just like a pornstar. 

"No," the drunken satisfied Donna admiited to herself, "I love the result. I looked so hot, so beautiful, and it pleased Ms. Brendan. If it pleased her, it meant the bastards these pictures were meant for would have to approve them too. It meant he had done it! She was safe and so was her family."



It was only much later during the lavish diner that followed when the alcohol subsided and Donna came to her senses. She started to curse herself for being so incredibly stupid. Donna had let herself get drunk at one of the worse moments possible! Those awful pictures! She had made another big, big mistake.



Even the splendid diner couldn�t make her feel any better. Instead, the food just made it worse because it helped her to sober up even more. Then, she began to understand what she had actually done. In her drunken state, she had even signed the stupid contract with that stupid company!! 



The more Donna thought about what had just happened , the more she shook her head, disbelieving her own actions, her own stupidity. Worse, she recalled even being proud of posing perfectly. Proud of spreading her ass, opening up her cunt! Whatever little self esteem she still might had evaporated and was gone for good. She felt incredibly dumb. Donna had been manipulated so easily and now the consequences were hard to foresee. What if her neighbors saw her new website? Her pictures? A movie clip of Donna begging to be fucked in her ass? She could trust Ms. Brendan and her friends to be discrete but now she herself put her naked body on display on a publicly available website. How could she have been so stupid? The more she thought about it, the worse she felt.



When Ms Brendan, seeing that Donna was sobering up and getting depressed, remarked smartly that she expected the next pictures to be of even better quality, Donna knew that she was doomed. She had shown them how pornographic she could be, and they wouldn't be satisfied with less anymore. No, she would have to act out even more degrading acts, showing herself off in even more degrading positions. She hung her head down in her hands in defeat, and slowly shook her head in disbelief. She had been so incredibly stupid once again, she really fucked up worse than she thought was possible. What an incredible mess she had made of her life!













No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without prior express and written permission of the author.



Copyright 2008 by Bokkey.

Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com



Chapter 42 - A Business Meeting



Donna walked up to Ms. Brendan�s door, cuddled in her new long and warm winter coat. It was part of the new wardrobe that she apparently had ordered through the Internet.&nbsp; Donna would have never spent so much money on such an obscene coat; she looked so cheap. But most of all, it was the idea of animal fur that was bothering her. For as long as she could remember, Donna had been so much opposed against the killing of animals for something so senseless as their fur! Regardless, she had to wear her fur coat because her New Rules required it. Donna had to dress in something visibly erotic. Disobeying the rules wasn�t an option, even if she had to cast her own morals aside to comply. Still, she told herself, it wasn�t as bad as some of the things she had recently done. And anyway, Donna had to admit, her coat was warm - soft and so very warm. 



As she rang the bell, Donna shivered a bit from the cold and wrapped the fur of her coat around herself even more tightly. She almost stamped her feet to get warm. Luckily she stopped herself in time, or else the Ben Waa balls would slip out again. With no panties to help hold them in, they would clatter on the cold pavement; anyone would be able to see. Now that would be embarrassing!&nbsp; She looked around the neighborhood at the other rich villas. Just to see who would actually notice if that happened.



�How many people know what goes on here,� Donna asked herself. �They must see strange people coming up to the house; after all these years, they must suspect something. Some things must have happened out in the open. Somebody must have seen something?�



�Then again, if you didn�t pay much attention, I dressed in a fairly normal way right now. The coat is not that bizarre. Cheap yes, and flashy. But not too strange so people would think I�m weird somehow.� She pondered. She also thought of the normal business suit that she was wearing. �This afternoon, it is work again � luckily. And I have so much to do! I�ll never finish in time.&nbsp; We have a meeting with possible investors. I need to prepare the papers for the first draft of the plan to give to the government. I need to ��



��And why do I have to attend this lunch meeting with her �contacts�?� Donna abruptly asked herself. As if mesmerized, Donna looked at the closed door, hoping it would open soon, before the cold took total hold of her. But she didn�t dare to ring again. 



�I don�t have time for this right now. Networking, okay, � that�s fine, I can see that there should be time for that. But today, I�m just swamped with work.� 



Donna smiled to herself as she said this. She had been swamped yesterday too and would be tomorrow, Friday, and probably even Saturday too. Her new life was just too much. The work was great though, and that�s why she felt happy now. She was about to dive into it again, even if just for a few hours. Donna absolutely loved it. Her business life was so challenging, so fulfilling. And such a good escape from her other life!



Her mind went to yesterday, her Tuesday session with her psychiatrist Melinda and Bridgette. Donna had been surprised at first that Bridgette had shown up, but it turned out Melinda had called Bridgette in advance and convinced her to come.



The session itself had been another gruesome one during which she had to explain her lesbian �desires� and her utter lack of interest in Robert�s dick. She had spoken convincingly about her new feelings towards women and how those feelings had overtaken her. How she loved her new-found, lesbian emotions. Melinda had even forced Donna into a stammering admission of how badly she lusted after Bridgette. Worse, Donna had �confessed� to her attraction to the other members of her group of friends, or any sexy female for that matter. 



Donna lies had to be convincing and it was awful to see Bridgette believe them and look at her with disgust as she shifted in her seat away from her. Bridgette had looked at Donna with hidden revulsion since that first awful confrontation in Donna�s home, but now Bridgette was unable to conceal how much Donna sickened her.



True, Donna admitted, remembering the scene, she had been a sight to see. Even without blabbering about lesbian love, not to mention gushing about her new web site, Donna had looked the part, had shown up dressed in a whore�s costume. She hadn�t selected it; Ninon had laid the clothes out conveniently on her bed that morning with a weekly schedule note. Ninon thought it a just outfit, she had written, because Donna would be emerging as a whore during the therapy session. Donna understood the message. Looking at her new life, it even made things easier when she had to pick a theme outfit to go with what she was scheduled to be doing. She just had to look at her schedule and what she had to do that day, what would happen, and dress accordingly. It took away the burden of thinking up something new all the time.



It�s how she had selected her outfit at home this morning; Ninon had scheduled her to clean the house and so she decided on the �French Maid� costume - with Ninon�s approval, of course. After gruesome punishment sessions two nights in a row, Donna had decided to ask for permission for anything and everything she did. Anything to avoid the evil pain Ninon inflicted on her, especially to her most sensitive parts.



Donna didn�t want to think of that, and distracted herself by moving around a bit. Her Ben Waa balls rocked about again, sending tiny erotic vibrations to her already itching and wet crotch. On top of that the large butt plug was extremely uncomfortable; it was larger than she had become used to. Ninon had given her this one, and it has been torturing her ass since yesterday. Especially in the morning or when she had to sit down. Its outside handle would push it deeper, giving her a really painful full feeling.



It was impossible not to think of sex now. Whether it was due to the constant sexual stimulus, the pain from the sexual abuse, or simply due to the way she looked and the humiliation it usually caused. Donna understood this was exactly their purpose, but she was fighting it all the way, fearing what would happen if she would let go.



Her mind wandered back to how she had looked yesterday. Donna had worn a top that was sizes too small, a short metallic blue skirt, black fishnet stockings, and cheap plastic platform shoes with towering heels. The look that Bridgette gave her when Donna had invited her in! Bridgette had been about to walk away on the spot if Melinda hadn�t come up from behind and convinced Bridgette once again that she had to stay to help her troubled friend. 



During the whole weird session the fake plastic bracelets and long hoops in her ears rattled disgustingly with every move she made. Her make up had been in style with the theme, bright red lipstick, metallic blue eye-shadow, lots of panstick and rouge on her face. She knew she had had the right look when Melinda complimented her.



�In the last few months, I have learned how to use make up like a pro,� Donna thought sarcastically �I hope the message has reached Ms Brendan. At least that would be a small benefit of the humiliating looks.�



These thoughts brought images of Bridgette�s face when shown her pictures back to Donna. Melinda had told Donna to so. Bridgette�s eyes had almost fallen out. Her over-reaction had surprised Donna. Donna had thought the pictures had been pretty lame; she had not even been whipped for real! But for Bridgette the pictures were outrageous. Bridgette had gasped time and time again as they browsed through the pictures, covering her mouth in shock, as Donna was shown to be well fucked by a freaky Asian girl. It had been a revelation for the both of them. Both had been shown just how obscene Donna�s life had become.



Donna shivered as she felt the humiliation wash over her again just as it had when she had shown those pictures. It was a feeling of shame, of hatred towards herself for being so weak, so spineless. And those feelings were amplified by the knowledge that she would continue to do as she was told in the future too.&nbsp; Telling herself that she was just going along until the right moment didn�t alleviate Donna�s mood any more. She didn�t believe it. Donna couldn�t see a way out now; couldn�t believe there was one.



Tears sprung into her eyes as Donna looked up at the door again. �Open damn it, open! �



Unwillingly she thought back to how she had spent last Monday night at Ms. Brendan�s mansion. How she had licked Ms Brendan�s pussy for the longest time, masturbated herself on command after Ms. Brendan had had her orgasm. Humiliating, stupid� How could she do these things? Ms Brendan even had made her sleep at her feet, leashed to a bedpost. Donna had done just that! Just had slept gratefully at the bitch�s feet!



And this morning; how she dressed up in a French maid�s costume without someone forcing her to! She had cleaned the house in high heels, with a too short skirt and her big breasts bulging out of the too-small corset. The Ben Waa balls falling on the ground repeatedly� and nobody even came to check on her! Donna had just stupidly obeyed her New Rules.



Last night with Ninon, leashed, whipped, being trained to lick pussy endlessly, to fuck herself, trying to stuff that damn black dildo into her cunt, she hated herself! Hated to know that she had no other excuse for what she was doing but her own weaknesses. 



Much to Donna�s relief the door finally opened, breaking off her depressed thoughts.



�Come in,� the driver callously instructed, letting Donna enter into the warmth of Ms. Brendan�s mansion.



�You can leave your clothes on,� she said. Donna had hung up her coat and was automatically stripping off her clothes.



�Come here.� The driver opened the closet and pulled out the dreaded collar and leash. 



�Straight up.� The driver warned, making Donna pull herself together, and stand up straight. �Good��



Donna felt the collar being tied around her neck, and the leash being attached. Tears sprung into her eyes again. She had no will power. All her life she had thought she was a strong person, someone with clear boundaries. But now Donna she saw herself as a stupid girl. A stupid cow who couldn�t take care of herself, who so easily had let herself be tricked and who did the most disgusting things just because she was told to. 



Her mind wandered again to the session with Bridgette. How they browsed through her pictures on her laptop. Downloaded by herself only because Ninon had told her to! The pictures had fitted her lesbian story perfectly too. During browsing through the pictures she had gone along explaining herself, guided, even corrected, by the ever sharp Melinda.



Melinda had made sure that Donna had expressed her �deepest feelings�, her deepest lesbian desires, during her session. She had to lie about how much she had loved to do the shoot with the pretty Asian, as the pictures showed her toying with the girl�s pierced labia. She had to tell Bridgette how much she loved being fucked by a woman with a strap on. How much she had been turned on knowing all her degrading acts were being filmed�



It had felt like she had been digging her own grave deeper and deeper with every word she spoke.&nbsp; Every detailed feeling that had been pulled out of her, every embarrassing fantasy - all lies. But they had made her story all the more convincing. By the end of the session, Bridgette was obviously convinced that her friend had come out of the closet, and was not only a devoted lesbian but a very kinky one too.



The leash was tugged and Donna was brought back to the present again.



�Why am I not naked? Why am I allowed to wear my business clothing?� Donna wondered as they walked towards the living room. She couldn�t believe Ms. Brendan would put her on display like this for her �contacts�. It would be much too open; she would never be able to work normally and finish the project.



Donna was startled when she saw a group of businesswomen sitting in the room, having lunch and chatting. They were all dressed in expensive styles, showing their wealth. Donna saw almost every expensive brand of clothing, purses and shoes she knew. These were women with money, lots of money. Donna understood immediately that these were friends of Ms. Brendan, friends also in her deviant ways. 



Donna began to recognized several faces from the party. It made Donna want to run away, humiliated by the way she was leashed and afraid of how they would manhandle her. But the pull on her leash made her go down the stairs, towards the evil group of women.



�Ah, here we have Cutty,� Ms Brendan said, as all eyes focused on Donna. �Welcome.�



Ms. Brendan stood up and smiled as if she was greeting an old friend. For her part, Donna felt numb and didn�t want to think anymore. On auto pilot she walked up to Ms. Brendan, even pulling against her leash until she finally stood before her tormentor.&nbsp; Donna gently bent slightly forward and kissed Ms. Brendan softly. Soon their tongues played around each other�s as Donna passionately held Ms. Brendan�s head with both her hands, and made some soft, heated moans.



When she was pushed back gently, Donna stopped her kissing and looked Ms. Brendan in the eye. �I love you, Ms Brendan.� Donna said as sincere as she could muster. 

Ms Brendan smiled and turned to the crowd. �Ladies, this is Cutty, one of my latest girlfriends. Cutty, these are some close friends of mine.�



Donna didn�t know how to react so she just smiled shyly and made a small bow. She was content Ms. Brendan had approved her performance. She looked around at the group of women. This must be Ms Brendan�s lesbian �connection�, Donna figured, �and she is showing me off.�



�Sit here,� one of the guests said as she took the leash from the driver. She patted the empty space next to her, indicating that she wanted Donna to sit close to her.



Donna walked to the couch, and sat down. The plug pushed deeply into her ass, making her squirm a bit.



�Now tell me all about yourself!� The older lady said, ignorant of her plight. �Ms. Brendan has spoken so highly of you. She�s very proud of you.�



Donna smiled weakly, wondering if the situation could get any more awkward.



�I saw you at the party, of course,� the woman meanwhile continued. �You were on display, remember? You had quite a rough night that night.�



Donna now recognized the woman as Carol, the older one speaking with Ms. Brendan when her earphone had been open, the one that had left with the beautiful, abducted college girl.



�I�m fine, Ms�?� Donna replied politely. She still was searching for the most comfortable way to sit, the butt plug was a real nuisance.



�Just call me, Carol,� the woman answered in a friendly manner.



�Okay, Ms. Carol,� Donna said, knowing she had to add at least use Ms. As per the New Rules. No first names alone, ever.



�It�s Mrs. Carol, I�m married.� The lady replied. �More than 25 years now.� She showed Donna an expensive-looking wedding ring.



�Okay, Mrs. Carol,� Donna corrected.



�So, tell me, what do you do? I�m always eager to hear the lives of Ms. Brendan�s girlfriends.�



�Well�.� Donna thought as she observed the woman interrogating her. She seemed friendly but Donna knew now that looks were deceiving, especially in this world she was trapped in. ��I�m married too, for almost 20 years now� I have two daughters��



�I saw your family pictures at the party. You have a lovely family indeed. I have a boy and two girls��



�Oh, that�s nice, Mrs. Carol.� Donna replied �We didn�t want more children so we stopped after two girls. I am very proud of them. My daughters are doing great in school, great at sports. A mother couldn�t want anything more.�



Donna regretted that she had mentioned her daughters the moment the words had come out of her mouth. But it was such a normal thing to say she had just blurted it out. �And probably this woman, all the women present, knew about them anyway.� 



Carol just chatted on, asking question after question and showing a sincere interest in what was left of her normal life. She asked about the schools the kids went to, what work her husband did and, eventually, what Donna did.



After her initial suspicion faded, Donna felt more and more comfortable with the woman. She tried to keep up her guard anyway; she expected a turn for the worse anytime. Donna remembered that her diary had been on display too so Carol knew more than a little about her escapades - all of them probably did. In that way Carol�s normal chitchat was odd.



But as she frequently looked around, Donna noticed that no one was listening in. They hardly looked at the two women talking. Even Ms Brendan left her alone with Carol and minded her own business. Everyone was busy eating, chatting, having a good time. At Carol�s insistence, Donna had something to eat and the food was delicious. Ms. Brendan had ordered the best of the best as usual.



�I work for Ms. Brendan, just like my husband, Mrs. Carol.� Donna responded politely after swallowing a bite. �I am a project manager. I coordinate her company�s renovation project of the old industrial area.�



�Wow, that is a hell of a job, girl!� Carol said, seemingly honestly surprised. �That�s a real tough job. Lots of government red tape, weary investors. That project has been stalled for years.�



Donna hadn�t known that and now was genuinely interested in whatever information this lady had about her project. �Why did it fail up to now, Mrs. Carol?�



�Government reluctance mainly,� Carol replied smoothly. �They can�t agree on the location of the site. After years of waiting, most investors have pulled out. Weary of waiting.�



�Well�I didn�t know any of that, but right now the idea is to make it an entertainment district. You know, with restaurants, night life, the works,� Donna replied, fishing for more information.



�That�s what Heather wants,� Carol agreed. �But she has failed to convince the Mayor�s office so far.�



�Well� we have a lot of presentations planned for investors and interest groups so probably Ms. Brendan has seen a new edge.� Donna said, thinking hard about how this information would change her approach. They had scheduled several meetings with people from the Mayor�s staff but would that be enough?



�Well, I hope so,� Carol replied. �She has a lot of money and effort sunk into that project. What�s the general idea now?�



Donna started to explain to Carol what she knew of the project up until then. She explained the general layout of the shops, still to be finalized; she explained some known difficulties - polluted factory grounds, reluctant tenants, and the like. 



Carol for her part showed not only real interest but extensive knowledge too about certain buildings and development issues. It turned out that she knew so much thanks to her husband. Not only had he taken her to many business parties, he had also extensively discussed issues with her because he had wanted to open up several chains in that area and was extremely frustrated that he and Ms Brendan just couldn�t get through to the parties involved.



Donna consumed all of the new information eagerly. Her mind spun on how to fit what she had learned into her work, how to discuss this information with her boss, her team. She saw so many opportunities, learned about so many pit falls the team had to avoid. Her mind was reeling over all the work ahead to process this information. Donna was really enthusiastic about it. She wanted to get to the office and start working. 



�Can you do me a favor, Cutty,� Carol asked, as she finished an explanation of a problem with an uncooperative owner of a large old broken down apartment complex.



�Of course, Mrs. Carol,� Donna said.



�Can you open up your blouse and show me your breasts?�



The question came so unexpectedly, Donna�s mouth fell open, and she was flabbergasted for a few moments.



�It�s not like I haven�t seen them, you know,� Carol smiled kindly. �Remember the party? Your �coming out� debut so to speak?�



�No�I �um�,� Donna answered as she tried to collect her thoughts. She had been so involved with �her� project that she was having difficulty returning to her sex life. How could Carol jump to such blatant sex when they had been in the middle of this interesting tenant problem, the legal issues involved, the various approaches they could try? Donna had expected to be asked to fetch a snack nearby on the table. Not a request to display herself like a sex object. 



She looked in panic to Ms. Brendan, but Ms. Brendan was busy chatting with two other ladies, and paid her no attention. Donna really didn�t know what to do.



�So nice, that�s what I like � If they are still shy, it�s so sweet �� Carol said as she laid a warm hand on Donna�s thigh. �Trust me. You can open up. We are all very good friends of Ms. Brendan. We all participate more or less in her life style. I have personally enjoyed her other lesbian girlfriends very much. It doesn�t really feel like cheating and my husband is not complaining. It�s saved our marriage actually.�



Donna�s fingers went to her blouse as she watched for any reaction from the people around her, but nothing happened. She unbuttoned first one and then another button, then stopped. Donna still couldn�t believe she was asked to do this. She still couldn�t belief this was the same Carol, who had just spoken so friendly, professionally with her about her job.



�I don�t know if I should, if I�m allowed �� Donna mumbled ��I mean, I don�t want to offend Ms. Brendan��



She honestly didn�t know what to do or what to think. Exposing herself like this felt so out of place. Even though she believed Carol all present were lesbians. She believed Carol�s claim they all indulged in Ms. Brendan�s sick perversions. But surely not like this; not in a business setting. But then she felt the embarrassing collar and leash around her neck. That was not at all business like. 



�Heather,� Carol said as she turned to Ms. Brendan. �Heather, can you help us out for a moment?�



Ms. Brendan looked up, smiled and got up from her chair. It seemed she understood what was going on.



Donna�s heart jumped a beat. Had she done something stupid again? Why hadn�t she asked what to do? She feared she would be ridiculed or worse, punished. She felt herself starting to panic.



�What seems to be the problem here?� She asked Carol when she sat down next to them.



�I asked Cutty to show me her breasts and she kind of wants your approval, the shy thing.� Carol explained, flashing Donna a friendly smile.



In just a few moments Donna�s normal conversation, her enthusiasm, all had disappeared and she was back into her other reality. Here she was asking others for permission to show her breasts to a stranger� Donna�s mind went back to the grim, down, helpless state it had been in the last days.



Ms Brendan looked Donna in the eye sporting a friendly smile �Well, I don�t mind, if that�s what she�s afraid of. I even encourage her to do so. By all means, show them your sagging twins Cutty.� 



Clearly, this was an instruction, and a cold insult too, reminding Donna of the power that Ms. Brendan had over her. Making clear Donna should not dare to fool around now. Donna humbly started to unbutton her blouse, incapable of refusing the order. Of course, she forced herself to sport a smile but she couldn�t keep her face from turning red from embarrassment. Moments ago, she was a strong and intelligent business woman, discussing her project, it�s finances. Now, she was back to being a whore, a mere sexual toy undressing on command. Without even any real threat! 



�So nice, you�re blushing.� Carol said, as she watched Donna�s blouse being unbuttoned. She stroked Donna�s the flused skin of Donna�s face softly, smiling approvingly. It just added to the insult. Donna had never felt more hopeless.



�She�s wearing a push up bra,� Carol noticed as she saw the flimsy material. 



�What did you expect, if she didn�t wear a push up, her breasts would sag towards her knees. Not a very pretty look for a business woman like her. Ain�t that right, Cutty?� Ms. Brendan remarked cruelly.



Donna just nodded, still blushing. She felt she didn�t deserve this harsh treatment and just hoped Ms. Brendan would leave it at this if she humbly complied. 



Her breasts were bare now and Donna stopped, arranging her blouse neatly around her breasts. She knew she had to give her audience a perfect view.



�The bra too,� Carol said.



Ashamed, Donna smiled and started to pull off her bra. She had had the silly hope they would have let her keep the bra on. It didn�t cover much anyway; her nipples weren�t covered by it. But it had to go too. Donna tossed the scrap of fabric on the couch next to her. Her breasts sagged lower, too low to be proud of. 



�They really sag.� Carol said to Ms Brendan, adding to Donna humiliation.



Carol ignored Donna�s feelings and just reached out to touch the breasts perfectly outlined by the blouse. �May I?�



�Yes� Mrs Carol.� Donna whispered back, lowering her head a bit in shame.



Carol�s hands gently explored Donna�s breasts, touching the soft skin, feeling up her nipples, weighing the sagging lust objects. It was done in a remarkably gentle way and Carol kept her friendly expression. She showed no signs of cruelty in her sexual interest. She just enjoyed playing with them in a childish way. 



Donna noticed the other women started to look in on them every now and then, although still ignoring what was happening. Donna figured they were used to these kind of actions, which made it somewhat bearable for her. It was all still deeply humiliating never the less.



Carol didn�t play too long with Donna�s hanging breasts. �You are also working as a whore, right? A lesbian whore?�



Donna nodded �Yes� though � I�m still not really� I mean��



Carol�s blunt questions kept surprising her and kept her off-balance; she looked and acted as if she were so gentle.



�I know,� Carol said as she placed her hands on Donna�s thigh, �you are still inexperienced. You haven�t done it yet. It is still new to you but I want to buy you. I want to have sex with you. Right now.�



�Here?� Donna asked hopelessly, as tears welled up in her eyes and started to heave heavily.



�Not here-here, silly,� Carol said humored. �We go up to a room and we do it.�



Donna looked at Ms Brendan with her tear filled eyes, hoping for help, but she just got an approving response from her. Donna forced a smile on her face, sniffed away her tears, and nodded her head. There was no other choice.



�I have to get a hold of myself,� Donna told herself. �I knew this was going to happen some time, and now it�s here. I just have to be strong.�



�Don�t you worry, it�ll be okay. I promise to be gentle and take it easy.� Carol said as she patted Donna�s hand and gentle wiped away her tears Donna smiled grateful for the gentle gesture of Carol. She did feel a bit relieved this gentle person would be her first. Better than some sadistic bitch, of which she had seen several in the room too.

Carol took Donna�s hand and they got up. Carol took the dangling leash, and turned to Ms. Brendan.



�Same room, right?� she asked.



�Yes, it is already prepared.� Ms Brendan replied. 



�Oh, Cutty,� Ms. Brendan called to Donna as she and Carol started to walk away. Donna looked back at Ms Brendan, wondering what was next. �Here is your working bag.�



With that she handed her an over-sided red shoulder bag with the word �HOT� on the side, written in the twisting red outlines of female figures. 



�Thank you, Ms Brendan.� Donna looked into the bag, and saw what she already feared. It was full of dildo�s, whips, handcuffs, the works.

 

�Indeed a �working� bag� Donna commented to herself, while she was gently pulled by the leash and turned to follow her client upstairs.



As she was lead upstairs Donna worried how she would ever get her work done if she was going to keep Carol �company�. There was so much to do, and tonight she would be with Ninon and she didn�t want to be late for that. Yesterday, a stern Ninon had whipped her asshole and pussy as punishment for not following her New Rules to the letter. Ninon had warned that she would be much tougher from now on. Her lingering pain was a reminder that Ninon wasn�t kidding.



While Donna wondered about everything except her current assignment she was lead into a clean white room with a large bed. It had no windows, just soft electrical lighting. Long, light green curtains covered a part of the wall, concealing the fact it was a room without a view. A large dark wooden closet, its doors closed, stood on the other side of the room. A simple table with two chairs stood by it. A wooly pastel green carpet covered the floor; a door led to another room. Donna figured it was something like a toilet or a bathroom.



�Here we are,� Carol said. �A room with a lot of memories; I can tell you.� 



She positioned Donna in the center of the room, facing the bed, unhooked the leash and admired Donna, who still exposed her big breasts.



�You are so beautiful!� Carol said as she caressed Donna�s hair, lifting it away from Donna�s face. �Heather has a keen eye for spotting true beauty.�



�Thank you, Mrs Carol.� Donna answered timidly, smiling humbly. 



She didn�t know what she had to do. Donna didn�t know what was going to happen next and was afraid of what might come.



�Don�t you worry, dear,� Carol said, still admiring Donna�s face, trailing it with her fingers. �Everything will be alright. You�ll see.�



Her hands started to explore Donna�s breasts again, molding them gently.



�You see,� Carol explained, inspecting Donna�s nipples. �I like to be the first.&nbsp; To sort of �break in� a new prostitute. I like the mix of emotions; The lust, the inexperience, the shame, the curiosity. After a while, woman like you become more professional and the act becomes less � surprising, less interesting. To me, at least.�



�Even though they are still good, maybe even better.� Carol quickly added as if to apologize, �But I just get a thrill out of seeing them take the first steps into whoredom. It is so much more real, so much more emotional. I love it, and always pay dearly to have the first go.�



Donna smiled her taught smile, but her mind was spinning over Carol�s remarks. For one thing, she now understood that she wasn�t the first. Donna had expected that already but this was the real proof. And the straight-forward way in which Carol had said it indicated to Donna just how normal all this was for them. It also made her understand something else. Escape was something that was not going to be easy. There had been many before her who,just like her, had wanted to escape. They all had failed; after all, Ms. Brendan and her friends were still free to live their bizarre lifestyle.



�And the changes you�ll have done to your body. I just know they won�t be to my tastes. I�m much more into the �au naturel�. But these breast for instance� � and she juggled Donna�s breast a little �� you�ll for sure will want to enlarge them, fill them. It�s just a necessity for this job. Can you understand?�



Donna kept quiet as she heard more of her future explained to her. She didn�t want to think about the body changes. She knew they would happen but she just couldn�t face them yet. She just hoped she would somehow be able to avoid them, to find a way to stop this ordeal before it would reach that stage. However, Donna had started to doubt, more and more, that she could stop it. 



�Can you understand your breasts are just not going to do in your profession?� Carol pressed on, forcing an answer from Donna.



�They�they are a bit flat since my diet,� Donna admitted, not wanting to surrender so easily with the critique on her breasts, nor with the idea of breast enlargement. She wouldn�t mind a small lifting, a small enlargement, but she feared that Ms. Brendan would force her into something more extreme some humiliating cup size.



�You see, you�re still so honest and insecure.� Carol said as she stroked Donna�s cheek once more. �After satisfying some hundred clients you can imagine you�ll be acting totally different.�



Donna hadn�t thought about what was happening in that way. �A hundred clients!! A hundred different women, asking me to have sex with them, paying to use me, getting paid to have sex with them. I can�t do that; I�m not a whore!�



Carol leaned forward for a kiss and Donna automatically bent forward to accommodate, despite her turmoil. She knew that she had to anyway but it was now so humiliating after so much of her future life had been explained It proved the training she underwent was having its effect on her, made her act the slut in any situation, regardless of her emotional state. It worried Donna but she didn�t fight it, she knew better.



Carol slowly worked her tongue into Donna�s mouth. First gently caressing her lips, then the tips of their tongues played a little, until Carol was inside and they truly kissed, long and passionate. Donna could feel Carol�s heated lust radiating from her. It was a bit unexpected, as did the gentleness of the forced kiss, but she felt flattered by it.



When Carol stopped, she looked the frustrated Donna in the eye and whispered in her ear. �You see, I am gentle.�



With that, Carol started to peal Donna�s blouse away. Donna helped by unbuttoning the remaining buttons and slipping her arms out as Carol pushed the blouse down. The working bag was tossed aside. They kissed again as Carol�s hands explored Donna�s body, softly touching Donna�s back, her breasts, her neck, her hair, her face.



Donna concluded that Carol wasn�t out to harm her. Her breathing on Donna�s skin, her gentle touch, it wasn�t what a sadist would do. Not what Ms. Brendan nor Ninon would do. Not if they were out to hurt her eventually. 



Carol�s hand meanwhile went down to Donna�s skirt and she wriggled her ass to let it fall, exposing her naked vagina. Carol�s hands immediately started to grope her ass and finger her clit.



�You�re wet,� Carol complimented her, as a finger went deep inside her vagina, touching the Ben Waa balls. 



Donna smiled obediently as she felt the Ben Waa balls being pushed about. The other hand explored her ass, feeling up the butt plug that filled her ass. It forced a wave of new humiliation; Donna couldn�t help it. The fact that this woman must know that she had been was forced to put these things in, that she was forced to act like a slut, forced to become a whore. It made Donna�s act so pathetic. Donna couldn�t imagine how low these people thought of her. How they must be laughing at her weakness. 



Carol guided Donna towards the bed and down on it. It was warm and soft. Carol kept on touching Donna, touching her private parts, pushing all her buttons. Due to Donna�s state of total confusion it aroused her. It was purely a natural reaction. Donna wasn�t even really thinking of sex. Actually she was thinking of nothing all. In a way, she had become comatose, blankly enjoying the touches, kisses. Letting her body react on instinct.



�Take out the Ben Waa balls now,� Carol whispered into her ear, prompting Donna out of her trance. 



Donna nodded and pushed herself up to expel the balls from her vagina. Carol lay next to her, watching Donna with interest, continuously playing with her breasts, rubbing her nipples. Donna gave her a little shy smile as the balls popped out.



�Give me one,� Carol directed and Donna gave one of the slick, wet balls to her.



Carol smelled it with a naughty smile and offered it back to Donna.&nbsp; �Lick it clean for me.� Donna was taken aback by the request but smiled and did as instructed, even making there was a good view of her tongue rolling and lashing the ball with her tongue.



�What made you want to do this kind of work?� Carol asked as she looked on, playing with Donna�s breasts once more.



The question sounded so honestly put that Donna wondered if this woman actually realized what was going on for real. 



�I mean, you have a family, good money, you don�t need to do this. You�re not a drug addict, are you?� Carol continued with her questioning.



�No, I�m not.� Donna said, smiling the smile that Ninon had decided was her sluttiest. Donna laid the cleaned Ben Waa ball aside. �I�m sort of� curious. Sort of�� 



�Ever since Ms Brendan came on to you?�



�She opened up a whole new world to me, for sure� Donna agreed. �And I�ve been just exploring it more and more ever since, Mrs Carol.�



�She does have a kinky sex life, doesn�t she,� Carol confirmed �For me, it was a revelation too, you know. But I never felt the urge to explore it as deeply as you or some other women. What motivates you all? Is it pent-up lust? Are you just a secret exhibitionist?�



�Don�t get me wrong. I don�t think less of you. No, on the contrary, I admire what you have committed yourself to do. I admire your character. It takes courage to reject the phony morals that you were taught and the false rules of this hypocrite society. To bluntly decide to have a different set of morals, a new set of rules. For instance to want to experience what it is to be a prostitute and then to go and just do it.�



�And to be so self confident of your body is maybe something I admire the most. I�ve always been ashamed of mine or at least I�ve never been very happy with how I look. Especially so now that I�m older. But you! You strip naked without a second thought, flaunting of your body with pride. It�s so hot to look at your smile, the willingness on your face to please the onlooker. The confidence that you radiate.�



Donna had difficulty understanding this woman�s remarks. Was Carol for real? She sounded so sincere, so innocent. Could it be she really wasn�t involved at all? �No,� Donna decided, �she must know. She�s a good friend of Ms. Brendan, she even calls her Heather. She�s at this special luncheon, she must be in on this. Whatever she�s saying, the way she�s action � it can�t be for real.�



Still Donna took a hand caressing one of her breasts and kissed it to show her appreciation for the kind words She smiled as she indeed felt confident of her body. She had worked hard to get in shape, and she had the right to be proud of her body. The way Carol looked at her confirmed it.



Donna looked at herself, naked but for nylons and heels. The nylons were light brown, simple but Donna found herself looking hot in them nonetheless. Her shoes were the only thing that did not fit. They weren�t whorish enough for this situation.



She pushed herself up and gave Carol a full frontal view, jutting her breasts out by bending back as far as possible. The impressed Carol spoke up immediately. �Damn, you�re beautiful!&nbsp; And that you let me to be alone with you. That you allowed me to buy you, to buy your services - I feel honored. Really Cutty, you are something special.� 



�It�s hot to do,� Donna lied. �And it�s safe. I mean, Ms. Brendan has shown me what lesbian sex is like, and now supports me in this �job�. She watches over me in a way. And knowing that I can dare to explore my kinky side and feel safe doing so.�



Donna wanted so badly to tell Carol the truth. She had started to feel comfortable with her, especially as she had admitted she found Ms Brendan way too kinky too. Maybe Carol really didn�t know about what was going on. Perhaps Carol had been told a story to make her believe that Donna was whoring herself of her own free will, just for the fun. 



�But you could screw up your entire life! I mean, what if your daughters find out, wouldn�t that be a problem?� Carol asked as Donna shifted her pose to proudly show off her long legs. 



�Yes, you�re right, Mrs. Carol,� Donna answered honestly. �But I�m seeing a psychiatrist to help me get it out of my system before it takes my life over.�



�A psychiatrist?� Carol said surprised, �You have a sexual addiction problem?� 



�Is it normal for a housewife to want to be a whore, Mrs. Carol,� Donna answered rhetorical, as she turned around again, showing her back, her ass to Carol �To love to show off the way that I do now? To sell myself freely to complete strangers? I feel these feelings must be controlled, I want to control them Mrs Carol.�



�Does that mean I�m abusing you right now Cutty?� Carol asked concerned �Than we should stop at once�.



�Oh no, Mrs. Carol,� Donna replied hastily, �please don�t get me wrong. I want to be in control of them - not abolish them.� 



Donna was proud of her quick response. She felt she had given a very good, totally believable answer. She was getting good at this, very good.



On the other hand, Carol�s sincere reaction, especially her willingness to stop, convinced Donna that she was for real somehow.&nbsp; That made Donna want to please Carol out of gratitude and gave her a glimmer of hope that this woman might be willing to help her. Maybe not now, but in the future who knew? It was all the more reason to please Carol to the best of her ability. Then they could meet again�



�I want to please you, Mrs. Carol,� Donna said convincingly, smiling at the older woman lying next to her. �I really do. I want you to enjoy me. I want to be enjoyable for you.�



�But�� Carol tried to say but Donna cut her short.



�No �buts� please, Mrs. Carol,� Donna said seductively. She lifted herself up and over Carol, swaying her breasts above the other woman�s face. �I want to. I want to be with you.� She guided Carol�s hand to her wet vagina to wash away any remaining reservations that Carol might have. 



�Okay,� said Carol cautiously, �okay, Cutty, then we can continue.�



Carol�s hand played freely with Donna�s exposed labia for a while as they said nothing. Donna let Carol do as she pleased as she let her body language convey that everything was alright. 



�You know, Cutty,� Carol said finally, still gently caressing the offered lips, felt their wetness, and touched the scar. �That was my next remark, or question really. I think that you miss the point of what being a whore really means.�



Donna looked a bit surprised down at Carol.



�You see, when you�re a whore, your main purpose is to satisfy the client. And you�re not doing that if you make me feel uncomfortable as you just did.�

�You should want to please me, Cutty. I want to think that you really like me, love to please me and love to have sex with me. That�s how you get repeat customers and you�ll want those for sure, right?�



�I�m sorry, Mrs. Carol, I�ll��



�Don�t worry, Cutty, don�t be afraid.� Carol shushed her, still playing with Donna�s labia, sopping in their wetness. 



Actually, they were extremely wet due to the just removed Ben Waa balls. The damn things had Donna�s itch going all the time now and that in turn made her juices flow constantly. She had to use tissues regularly to clean herself up. It was embarrassing. On top of that, she wondered if she was now thinking more about sex; was more, easier sexually excited somehow. She could place anything easily into her vagina now due to the constant lubrication, but she couldn�t quite say if she was truly aroused by it too. She feared that her sense of what was erotic was being altered. With all that was happening, didn�t it have to change her somehow�



�I know you�re inexperienced. That�s what I like, remember?� Carol meanwhile continued: �But you need to be more pro-active. You are way too timid. You don�t take the initiative enough.�



�A whore is all about the sex. I bought you to have sex with me. I don�t want you to just lay here and let me caress you. A client wants action. You should do the caressing. You should do the pleasing. I should cum, not you.� 



Donna felt uncomfortable to hear what was being said but knew she was right. She had been too passive. 



�So for instance that leash thing� I know Ms Brendan likes it, but it�s not something a whore does, unless the client wants role play, right?�



�Well, �yes, Mrs Carol,� Donna agreed



�And if you do have to do role play, you play it full-heartedly, confident and eager to please. You followed me when you were leashed but didn�t look like you liked it. You didn�t seem to be enjoying yourself. How do you think that makes me feel, your customer?� Carol continued.



Donna had to agree again. 



�You were much better at the end. When I seriously doubted if we should continue, that�s when the whore that you are came out. That�s when you prowled over me nicely, that�s when you seduced me. That�s when I was happy that I bought your services. You need to keep that mind set when whoring. That was the true slut that is going to make money for you. Lots of money.� 



�I�ll do my best, Mrs. Carol.� Donna replied timidly.



Carol�s other hand started to touch her leg, feel her ass. The wet fingers of her right hand trailed up her stomach. 



Donna felt she had to do something, and tried to think of something quickly that would fit what Carol had said was expected of her. �How do I take control to please her? What would a whore do?�



�Do I feel nice and wet, Mrs. Carol?� Donna asked with a naughty smile; she started to caress the hands that were caressing her, inviting her customer to feel free to explore as much as she wanted.



Carol smiled, approving and traced her fingers across Donna�s naked skin. Donna felt Carol�s hand grab her ass as, at the same time, the other hand, wet from her vagina, started to play with her piercing.



�I don�t like piercings. Ms Brendan does, however. She likes them a lot. She placed this one on you, didn�t she?� 



�Yes, Mrs. Carol, she did. But it is a nice one. I like it; it makes my tanned, flat belly show very nicely, don�t you think?� 



Donna pushed her hips forward and her trained stomach just off Carol�s face. Carol�s continuing smile encouraged Donna to go a bit further with her act. �Ms. Brendan also encouraged me to place a diamond in my tooth. Haven�t you noticed my glittering smile?�



�Yes, I did, Cutty.� Carol said as her fingers now started to explore Donna�s asshole, touching its ring with the butt plug still sticking out. �I saw it before at the party.&nbsp; There are people who would say that it looks very nice but I�m not one of them. It�s not ugly, mind you; it�s just that it�s something more for lower class people, don�t you think?�



�I don�t know,� Donna said, dismayed by Carol�s reaction. Donna brushed her hand up the arm of the woman lying next to her. �I think it fits. And Ms. Brendan likes it, most people like it��



�And your husband, does he approve of it?� 



Donna thought of Robert. She hadn�t thought much about him lately, and they hadn�t talked since the weekend. She hadn�t been home that much, or hadn�t been available to answer the phone if it rang.&nbsp; Robert couldn�t call her on her cell phone because he didn�t have the number. But now she thought about him and she missed him. Missed his protection. Even just his being close-by meant that Ms. Brendan couldn�t do too much to her. But Ms Brendan was making sure that Robert was far, far away.



�No, he actually doesn�t, Mrs. Carol.� Donna said, her feelings mixed. Donna found herself pitying Robert; she had never felt that way about him before. She want him to protect her, but at the same time, she had done so many things that Robert wouldn�t approve of. She was doing things that would destroy his self esteem. She was betraying him every day now. She wasn�t sure she was worthy of his protection.



�I figured that much. Man like that king of thing on their whores, not on their wives,� Carol said, as her hand moved away from the piercing, up to Donna�s left breast. �It�s a slutty gesture. Way too inviting to other men.�



Donna massaged Carol shoulders a little and slowly moved her way to her neck. 



�Turn around,� Carol said before Donna could touch her neck, �and bend over with your ass towards me.�



Donna did as instructed and felt Carol explore her ass and vagina with her hands. She thrust her ass up a bit to give Carol free access. Donna looked back, smiling, to catch Carol�s eye to say that she liked what Carol was doing. Carol smiled back at Donna, and kept up her exploration of Donna�s private parts.



�Can I take out the butt plug,� Carol asked.



�Of course, Mrs. Carol,� Donna said and accommodated by pushing up her ass as far as possible and relaxing her ass muscles. �Just be gentle, please��



Donna felt Carol put her finger in the small ring at the end of the plug outside, and next the large plug press at her anal ring, enlarging it painfully until it finally gave and the plug popped out, making a disgusting wet, sopping noise due to the lubricant.



�Now that�s a well-gaped ass!� Carol laughed as her finger slipped into the wide hole that the plug had left behind.



Donna felt cool air invading her open ass, felt the fingers inside, touching places that she had never felt before. Humiliated, Donna cast that feeling aside. She had to play the whore and she was determined to do so. She looked at Coral and offered her hand to take the butt plug.



�I wonder what you�ll do with it.� Carol said cunningly.



Donna knew all too well at what Carol was hinting. The New Rules said that Donna had to clean the butt plug with her mouth if it was pulled out. It made sure she gave herself a thorough enema each morning, to avoid the bitter taste as much as possible. She even did it now every time after she defecated, if possible. Her large bags, thanks to �Lenny�s� huge size, easily could fit the enema set too. Now Donna always had her enema things with her and she was quickly becoming an expert in giving herself a quick enema. 



Donna started to lick the butt plug and moaned while she did. Carol spread her ass cheeks and Donna felt her breath on her asshole and vagina. A finger trailed gently up and down between the two holes; it felt nice. It was a welcome tender feeling compared to the harsh beating and groping of Ninon the last two days.



A fingertip slipped inside her butt again, just past the sphincter. Donna felt the hard nail twist but it wasn�t that uncomfortable. Donn figured her ass was getting used to being constantly invaded.



�You have very nice cunt lips,� Carol complimented. Her hand gently stroked Donna�s vagina. �And very wet.�



It was now Donna;s time to smile cunningly. �Yes, Mrs Carol. Yes indeed.�



�A pity you have this scar. The doctor that fixed that really did a clumsy job�



Donna refrained from commenting. She knew all too well why the scar was so visible. 



�Turn around,� Carol instructed and Donna did.



Gently Donna was forced to turn and Carol caressed her labia and breasts until Donna and Carol were face to face.



The twinkle in Carol�s eyes was clearly visible and Donna admired how bright and sparkling Carol�s eyes appeared. Donna was feeling excited too, the fingering, the nakedness, the humiliation, the tenderness, it all had its effect on her. 



�Kiss me?� Carol asked and this pulled Donna over the top.



Donna knew now that she was doing Carol a big favor by having sex with her. At the same time, Donna so wanted to please this gentle woman. And the way Carol had asked her to kiss her! Lately all Donna had received were commands, instructions. Carol had asked such an honest, sincere question. Donna really yearned for Carol, yearned to please her, yearned to make her feel real pleasure. 



Donna felt herself filling with passion and kissed Carol enthusiastically. Her tongue penetrated the woman�s mouth as she took Carol�s face with both hands. She pushed her breasts forward so that Carol could touch them and feel her hard nipples as she pleased. She wanted to show Carol that she was sincerely turned on. She wanted to show Carol how good she could be. In Donna�s new hellish life, Carol was a true angel. One she wanted to treat well, to cherish.



Donna pushed Carol backwards on the bed and started to explore the older woman�s body. 



�Easy now,� Carol warned her. �Let�s keep it gentle.�



But Donna knew that Carol liked what she was doing. Her hands expertly removed Carol�s blouse and bra, and Donna sucked her nipples wildly. She was glad to see that her nipples were already erect. Proof that Carol was excited, proof she was exciting her. 



�That�s good, my little whore, that�s nice,� Carol said gently, confirming Donna�s hopes. �This is how you turn me on.�



Donna�s hands explored further down as she alternated between the older woman�s breasts. She wanted this woman naked as quickly as possible. Her left hand slipped up under Carol�s skirt, inside her panties, and to her vagina. Carol was getting wet too. 



�All her vagina needs now is some professional licking.�, Donna thought as she slid down to give this woman a serious display of her new-found skills. She got thrills as she thought about how this woman longed for her. Carol�s eyes showed how much she admired Donna. That, in combination with her gentleness and as a possible path to escape, made Donna willing to show Carol a good time. Better yet, to show her a marvelous time.



Carol noticed Donna going down on her, and sighed heavily, and laid back in anticipation of what was about to come.&nbsp; Her hand cuddled Donna�s head as it nested between her legs. 



�Yeah, suck me, suck me, you little bitch. Show my clit a good time.� Carol moaned in excitement. �Oooow,� she sighed as Donna�s tongue touched her clit directly. Her body spasmed wildly. �Don�t stop� Don�t stop�� Carol pulled Donna�s face into her vagina to forcer her to keep on whoring on her sensitive stub. �Fuck, that�s good��



Donna noticed Carol�s excitement after only the first touches with pride. It motivated her to continue. Whatever shame Donna might have felt was cast aside as she felt herself in power. Donna was controlling Carol�s pleasure. Donna was controlling her orgasms. And she had the power because of how she looked and what she had learned, her new skills. 



Donna eagerly went on licking the vagina in front of her. She had noticed with some surprise that the woman didn�t shave, or at least not closely around her private area. It was odd to her as all the pussy she had seen lately was either shaved or neatly trimmed. But Donna didn�t mind, prowling with her lips and tongue between the long hair; she just nested herself deep into it, deep into the open vagina. 



�Yeah, you little whore, suck me like you�re taught. Show me your new skills, you freaky housewife.� Carol meanwhile mumbled, getting more and more into it.



Donna made eye contact with Carol and smiled, showing her lips covered with Carol�s cum. �I love the taste,� she said as she went down on Carol again. 



�Oh shit!!� was all Carol could say as she arched her body, sparked by Donna�s simple hot act.



Donna licked the juices flowing freely from Carol�s vagina with a sense of pride and nibbled on her thick outer lips. Carol�s vagina rapidly became a sticky mess but Donna didn�t care. She moved the hairy lips aside and pushed her mouth into the open damp hole. Her tongue went as deep as possible, and out again, trailing upwards, ending on top of the clit hood. She repeated this move faster and faster and she felt her client squirming from pure sexual bliss. To get better access, she fumbled with the skirt the lady was wearing, pushing it up to her waist. Her panties came off and were tossed on the bed.



Carol was lost in her sexual frenzy and screamed out random obscenities ever more loudly. �Ohh slut, fucking slut.� �Filthy whore, suck my clit, eat me!� �Yeah, show me you�re worth every penny I spent on you, stupid cunt!� 



In response, Donna tried to flatter her customer. She tried all sorts of compliments. �You smell so delicious, Mrs.Carol!� �Oh Mrs. Carol, you have the softest skin I ever touched!� �I could go on forever with a woman like you, Mrs. Carol. You�re so hot, so tasty!� 



Carol squirmed around, crying loudly as Donna vigorously worked on her cunt, desperate to show her a good time, to make her cum.



�Wait! Stop, I want you to use a dildo on me now, take one from your bag!� Carol shouted, stopping Donna from making her go over the edge.



�Quick, quick!!� Carol insisted, as she pushed Donna away and sighed heavily. �Before I lose this wonderful feeling�



Donna ran over to the bag, and frantically searched for a dildo. What size would Carol want?



�That�s the problem with inexperienced cunts.� Carol complained. �They simply just don�t know how it works. Don�t prepare properly, can�t anticipate��



Donna quickly grabbed three dildo�s and ran back to the spread-eagled Carol on the bed.



�Lick me quickly, stupid slut!� Carol said as she looked at Donna. �Get me hot again with your tongue.�



Donna knelt between Carol�s legs and started to lick rapidly. A few long strokes first, before she pushed her face deep into the bush, and ate away again.



�Good, good!!� Carol approved as she grabbed the pillows from excitement �That�s a good whore!�



�Now use the fucking dildo on me!� Carol shouted in no time. �Pump it in me as you lick my clit, fucking cunt! Work on your customer�s puss.�.



Donna grabbed a dildo and started to push it in.



�Awww!!� Carol shouted, sat up and grabbed Donna by her hair. �Stupid cunt! You have to lubricate it! You can�t shove that thing dry into me!�



�I�m sorry, Mrs. Carol!� Donna replied in fear, expecting a slap as she dangled by her hair between the lady�s legs.



�Go fetch the lubricant!� Carol told her as she let go. �And do it quickly, whore!�



Donna went back to the bag and frantically searched for lubricant. Nervously, she returned to her kneeling position as she tried to open the jar of KY-gel.



�Fuck, I�m loosing it.� Carol sighed as she waited for Donna to get the dildo ready.



�I�m sorry, Mrs. Carol, just a moment,� Donna nervously responded. A plop indicated the jar was open; she took a large scoop out of the jar and coated the dildo.



�Stupid whore!� Carol said as she watched what Donna was doing. �That dildo is way to big! My puss� is not as wide as yours, you slut. I don�t fuck around like you! Use a smaller one!�



Donna was on the verge of crying and grabbed another, a smaller, dildo and coated it quickly.



�Now get licking again, whore.� Carol smirked as she lay back on the bed. �That�s all you�re good for, you dumb cunt!�



Donna went face down in Carol�s bush again, holding the dildo ready for the moment when her client was wet enough.



�You have so much to learn,� Carol said as she pushed Donna�s head deeper into her crotch. �This is not your weak stupid husband that you have to please; this is a real woman. A client! One who knows what she wants and how she wants it. And you need to cater to my wishes, slut. Work that clit of mine, suck my juices!�



Donna worked as hard as she could, stretching her tongue as deep as possible, pushing her face as deep as possible into the woman�s vagina, almost choking herself on it.



�This is what a whore�s life is all about. Making the customer cum. Making sure they have the time of their life.� Carol was obviously getting aroused again. �Not the boring, run-of-the-mill fucks with your husband. This is me using you to get off. And I want to get a good service from you, little housewife. You little stupid slut-mom!�



Donna feared that she had failed badly and that Carol was so dissatisfied she would tell Mrs. Brendan that Donna was no good as a lesbian whore. That would be a real disaster! Ms. Brendan for sure would come up with something worse in no time. Donna just had to please this woman, had to get back on her good side. 



Luckily Carol got into it again as Donna tasted her juices flowing again. She took the dildo, and gently, as she licked Carol�s clit, pushed the tip into the open vagina. She took great care in brushing the wet hair aside, not to hurt her client any more.



�That�s good, slut.� Carol sighed. �That�s much better.�



She lifted Donna head up. 



�It�s not easy being a whore, is it?� she said wickedly



�No, Mrs. Carol, it�s not.� Donna said honestly, as she gently pushed the dildo�s tip in and out of Carol�s vagina.



�It is a lot different from a slut�s empty-headed fantasy.� Carol told Donna: �Much tougher, much more demanding. The customer always wants her money�s worth. And you need to supply the goodies. You must always work hard to please the client.�



�Yes, Mrs. Car-mmm �� 



Donna was pushed back into Carol�s vagina and started to work on her lips and clit immediately. Licking frantically; Donna had to do her utmost to please this woman. It was vital for her future.



��And having female clients is even worse. We are demanding, you fucking slut,� Carol explained. �You may have fantasized about this in a more romantic, erotic way but it basically comes down to this. You, on your knees sucking on a clit, your face buried in a hairy cunt. Naked, exposed, humble. And pretending to like it. Don�t forget that part, my little mother of two. You must always show you like it, love it.�



Donna started to understand what the woman meant. It wasn�t just due to the fear, what she was doing now was not at all erotically stimulating. Her tongue was getting tired, her arm ached from the awkward position Carol had put her in order to work the dildo. And the taste and smell of Carol�s juices were just not nice. And Carol�s obscenities only served to make things worse. 



�Oh, yeah,� Carol moaned, getting into it more and more again. �Just think of your family right now. What would your husband say now, seeing you sucking on my pussy? Your poor sap of a husband working so hard for the family? Set aside his personal needs for your future?�



Donna was pressed deeper in the bush. 



�And your daughters? Living their perfect lives as you suck and fuck for money? Oh, those thoughts�� Carol moaned on, �that is so exciting. What a fucking slut you are to betray your family the way you do.&nbsp; It makes me so hot to see you licking me, working me with that dildo, just because you have that itch, just because you�re a slut. What a hypocrite you have been all through your life!!!�



And with that Carol had a sudden powerful orgasm and bucked wildly. She pushed and pulled Donna�s head wildly between her legs.



�Yeaahhh!!� Carol shouted. �Ohh, shitt, yeaah!!!�



Donna did her best not to cry in pain as her head was painfully pulled around and harshly scraped against the dildo. She tried to stop her mistreatment but Carol kept it up all through her orgasm, and only let go after her orgasm had faded.



�Now lick me clean, cunt,� Carol sighed, spreading her legs widely, offering her bush to Donna. �And I want to see you lap it like a dog, bitch..�



Donna gulped down her reluctance and pushed her head back into the bush, licking it clean. In the process, she inevitably got some of Carol�s hair in her teeth as her tongue moved over the wild bush. Donna found it gross, but knew better than to show her disgust. She just carefully removed the hairs from her mouth, or swallowed them, whenever Carol didn�t look.



�Was it any good, Mrs. Carol,� Donna asked Carol with a wicked smile when she was finished, her face covered with a mixture of sweat and cum.



Carol smiled back and sat up. Her hand trailed Donna�s breasts, Donna on her knees between Carol�s legs. Donna still lapped lapping at Carol�s inner thighs and vagina. 



�You�ll be a very successful whore if you keep this up,� Carol finally answered, �You still need to learn a lot, but you got potential. I had a nice little orgasm.�



Carol got up and walked away to the bathroom door. She didn�t even look at Donna as she walked away. Donna was taken aback but figured that it was due to the aftermath of her orgasm. 



Carol made Donna wait a long time as she took a shower. At first, Donna thought about what had just happened and how she shamelessly had pleasured a stranger. Soon she cast away those thoughts as useless anyway. All it did was make feel bad about herself. Donna had done what she had to do. No need to remind herself over and over how far she had fallen. 



No, instead, as she waited on the bed, her thoughts went back to her work and the huge amount of work that she still had to do this afternoon. As she went over the items she had to finish, she began to feel anxious again. 



�What time is it now? How long have I been in this room now?� Donna wondered impatiently. �And can�t she hurry up?�



She heard the woman still shower and it took a good long 15 minutes before a refreshed Carol walked out of the small bathroom.



�I expected you�d be dressed already, Cutty� Carol said annoyed. �Well come on, I don�t have all day.�



Donna quickly got up and grabbed her clothes. She understood a shower was out of the question but she hoped she would be allowed to freshen up her face. The cum was sticky and smelled.



�Can I freshen up a bit, Mrs. Carol?� She asked after she was dressed in her business clothing again.



Carol clipped the leash on her collar. �No, you want to show yourself like this. Trust me. It�s good for business.� 



Donna couldn�t belief that this woman had played her like this. She had seemed so sincere, had seemed to really care. How could Carol now behave like this? Donna told herself that Carol had to play their cruel game too. �If Carol didn�t do as they wanted�, Donna reminded herself, �she�ll be in trouble too.�



�You did fine with respect to the act itself.� Carol complimented �But the aftermath was really clumsy. I should not be waiting on you. While I was showering, you had enough time to get yourself ready. And you should be happy and content, as I am. It�s a turn off to see your glum, washed-out face now that I�m refreshed and ready to go. As a client I want to see you looking at your best, eager to go at it again.�



�I�m sorry, Mrs. Carol.� The leash was put on her again.



�Come on� Carol said, impatiently tugging at the leash, painfully yanking at Donna�s neck as Donna reached to grab her working bag.



�I�m done, Mrs. Carol.� Donna quickly put her sex toys into her bag and smiled obediently.



�Let�s go then.� Carol turned and walked out of the room, with Donna prancing uncomfortably behind her.



Donna worried about her appearance. She knew Ms. Brendan would be looking at her and would hold any flaw against her. Her make up wasn�t right; it was smeared and awful. She walked down the stairs in fear of the look Ms Brendan was likely to give her.



The entire group of women looked up as they returned and it made Donna blush. She knew all knew what had just happened and the openness was killing her. She had just whored herself and it seemed the whole group was anxious to hear from Carol how it had been.



�And,� one of the ladies asked at Carol. �Any good?�



�She will make a fine whore,� Carol answered as she walked into the living room, Donna trailing behind. �It took a while but she really got into it and managed to give me quite a good orgasm.�



Donna smiled relieved; Carol seemed at least satisfied with her. Donna looked shyly at the faces of the other women, all of them observing her intently. She wondered if Carol�s remarks were sufficient to appease them, and especially Ms Brendan.



�But Cutty really needs to improve her act a bit.� Carol continued, becoming more critical. �In the beginning she was much too uncertain and at the end she failed to clean up immediately so I had to wait on her.�



�Well, you knew she hadn�t done this before,� one of the ladies remarked.



�Of course, you are right,� Carol said as she sat down and began to snack on fresh berries.&nbsp; �It was very nice to see the emotional turmoil on her face as Cutty turned her first trick. You know how I love that. And as far as licking, you�ve trained her marvelously, Heather, as usual.�



Donna just stared at the ground. She wished it would swallow her whole and put an end to the endless humiliation. She felt so ashamed about herself and her own actions already, and now they were talking about her as if she wasn�t here. 



�But how would you rate her,� another woman asked.



�I�d say a six-seven,� Carol replied, �by your standards, Maud. I just enjoyed the first time, the emotion of it, not her skills. Her acceptance of her role as a whore, as we progressed, was wonderful! Now she can become a professional whore. That just takes time. I did miss her drive a bit. For someone who became a whore due to her own lust, she was surprisingly insecure.�



�All a turn on for me,� Carol admitted. �But for you a no-no.�



�Indeed, I need women who are devoted into giving me an orgasm.� Maud, the woman asking all the questions, agreed as she felt up Donna�s leg. �and I will do everything to make them act that way.�



Donna saw the eyes of the woman sizing her up but didn�t dare to look back, let alone move. Maud�s hand moved up to her ass and Donna turned beat red. Never in her life had she felt so cheap.



�Cutty,� Ms. Brendan asked. �How did you like it?�



Donna looked uncomfortably at Ms Brendan but forced a smile. Donna just wanted to disappear!



�I..I..� she stumbled ��It was more emotional than I thought it would be, Ms. Brendan.� 



�Explain.� Ms Brendan instructed. She was obviously not too happy with Donna�s performance.&nbsp; 



�Well, at first I wasn�t really ready for it. It came as a surprise to me, Ms. Brendan.� Donna carefully weighed her words, knowing any mistake would cost her dearly. �I was a bit caught up with my �other� work today, so when this opportunity arose, I just had to do a bit of a mind-switching in the beginning.�



�After that it was okay, more than okay to me. I loved pleasuring Mrs. Carol. I loved to let her use my body and to use my skills to please her. The new things you�ve taught me really helped a lot, Ms. Brendan.� 



Donna knew she had to compliment Carol and Ms. Brendan, compliment everybody actually. It would make them feel better, and accept her �lousy� performance. She understood that she had to promise to do better in the future. Anything to avoid more harsh punishment.



�At the end, my inexperienced showed and I totally forgot I was a prostitute. I had gotten so emotional I just forgot. And so I waited for Mrs. Carol to finish showering, instead of cleaning myself up while she did. But that mistake won�t be made again, Ms. Brendan. I promise.�



�I can vow for her emotional involvement,� Carol came to the rescue. �She really seemed to be in love with me at one moment. You could see her eyes glow. And she really gave her best at those moments. That�s when she licked the best.�



�Thank you, Mrs. Carol,� Donna whispered gratefully. She looked at Ms. Brendan, hoping to see some mercy.



�Well, I think we�ll have to agree Heather has created another fine slut for us.� Another women spoke up. �A six-seven with no real experience is pretty good. She didn�t break down, didn�t stop her performance, she just made beginners mistakes. Cutty will get rid of those after a few more sessions.�



�Yes. It seems Heather has impressed us again by finding this married slut for us.� Another woman agreed. �Congratulations Heather, you�ve proved again you�re the queen of turning innocent housewives into sluts and whores.�



With that, the crowd of women gathered around and raised their glasses to toast Ms. Brendan. Donna was given a glass of champagne and had to cheer along. Donna cheered and applauded Ms. Brendan for turning her into a lesbian whore, and as she did she was fully aware of how ridiculous she was behaving. 



Instead of screaming in rage as she felt she should, she cowardly was raising her glass and cheered along, even smiling at those around her who, in turn, were laughing at her dumb willingness to celebrate. 



And as she thought of what she was actually celebrating it dawned on her more and more what she actually had done. She had really whored herself to a stranger. She had really licked, sucked, a strangers pussy. Something she had found repulsive all her life, she had found inexplainable women could do that, she had done. She had sold herself for money. The images of her act, the sticky grey haired pussy, the awful smell, the humiliating shouts from her first client, she started to understand she had taken a crucial step. She disgusted herself the more she thought about it. Especially now she heard other women had revolted, had refused. She had not.



Ms. Brendan, from her side, enjoyed the praise like a true leader would, smiling and nodding at the others and looking Donna straight in the eye. This was the moment of her glory. Ms. Brendan had such power over her right now, Donna realized, and it sent a chill down her spine. Or what was left of it. 



But no matter her inner turmoil, Donna still responded with a smile. Tears welled up in her eyes but she kept on smiling. Amidst the chatter of the group, Ms. Brendan raised her glass to Donna, and Donna did the same, simply forced by Ms Brendan�s look alone. The crowd chattered aloud as they silently cheered. Ms. Brendan looked at Donna eye-to-eye, and Donna felt hopelessly owned by this evil woman. She knew she could never beat this powerful woman. She was just was a worthless wife, a worthless mother. Donna knew that everything that had happened was thanks to her own weakness and stupidity. Donna was to blame for all that had happened to her. Donna had let her family down. Ms. Brendan had been right; Donna was just another slut, a dumb whore. 













No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without prior express and written permission of the author.



Copyright 2008 by Bokkey.

Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com





No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without prior express and written permission of the author.



Copyright 2008 by Bokkey.

Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com





Punishment to enjoy





The humiliating experience had hurt Donna deeper than she at first had thought. She was used to the humiliation by now, but this time it felt different. The first sign of its true impact came during her ride to work afterwards. She experienced several fits where she just started to cry uncontrollably. Tears just poured out of her eyes, she hyperventilated, and she was forced to stop the car to calm down. She couldn�t control these emotions, the physical reaction. She hadn�t had outburst like these since her teenage years and now they came to her if her mind only slightly wandered back to her whore session. And it was almost impossible not to think of that, worse so once she had noticed her own intense reactions.



It made her feel so much more weak and insecure. They had again cut straight through all her boundaries, deep into her soul. They again had made her do things she never wanted to do, never had imagined she would do. She knew they had made her cross a boundary that was just one too far. She felt her mind just couldn�t handle it, she was breaking down.



Finally at her job things didn�t fare any better; to the contrary, Donna had extreme difficulty concentrating on her work and her frequent cry sessions in the bathroom didn�t help either. On top of that her own body betrayed her too. It by now associated the bathroom with scratching her two itches which therefore flared up every time she went. She was thus forced to use a dildo and twist and turn her butt plug as she went through a cry session. This demeaning state in turn made her ramble even longer, hurting herself even deeper.&nbsp; 



Next the information from Carol proved to be more of a curse than a blessing. A too-enthusiastic Mrs. Cullington followed up on it and as a result gave Donna much more work than she could handle. Her boss mistakenly thought Donna would be happy if she was in the spotlight. Normally she would have been, but now however the praises sounded hollow; the job itself now reminded Donna too much of Ms Brendan, her torturer. It had been an escape before, but it had lost its glamour. Now it felt much more as just part of the trap she was in, part of the overwhelming force ruling her life, controlling her every step. 



The most misplaced praise by her boss was when she promised she would arrange for Donna to meet Mrs. Carol more often, again to get Donna more into the spot light. That was the very last thing Donna wanted, being exposed to her first client on a regular basis. She could just hear the bitches laugh at her, laugh at her pitiful state. However, how could she refuse? Donna could do little more than mouth a "thank you" to Mrs. Cullington as tears sprung into her eyes, and she excused herself and went to the bathrooms again. A move her boss mistakenly thought was out of sheer joy.



A deeply depressed Donna finally left the office. In her hands a pile of papers still to process and she knew that it would be a very, very long night for her.



Her next appointment, the gym, was a continuation of her penance. Bill, Mr Jersey now, had a gruesome schedule ready for her, to get rid of the extra fat gathered during her �holidays�. Donna noticed a next change in her. This �punishment�, as unjust as it maybe was, became more a kind of relief. All she had to do was to force herself to reach the quotas set per machine. All she had to do was to physically exhaust her body, physically hurt herself. No more thinking of anything else. 



Strangely enough to Donna she noticed she actually felt she did deserve this gruesome treatment. It felt as a just reward for her own actions, her own stupidity. She found herself working her own body to the limit, without mercy, and feeling good about it. She ended up hurting all over but feeling so good, so fulfilled. And Mr. Jersey�s compliments on a job well done felt like icing on the cake. It was so satisfying knowing she really had hurt herself to the max. 



Donna�s new awkward emotions got her wondering how much she was changing, body and soul. As she showered and got ready to go home she tried to analyze them, but noticed she felt much better if she was distracted by the pain of her muscles. She didn�t want to think about herself. She wanted to forget the emotional wreck she was right now. Dwelling in her pain was so much better.



Her last stop for the day was her own home, where Ninon would most likely be waiting for her. She had enough reasons to punish Donna. Donna had not followed her numerous rules to the letter on the previous days, how could she had done so today? And she didn�t feel she had done such a good job at Ms Brendan�s� Donna just knew Ninon would be merciless, she had been so the previous days. And� she really hoped Ninon would be.



More over, her own stupidity hit home once again just when she parked her car. Donna recalled suddenly she didn�t even know for how much she had sold herself! This truly amazed herself; she never had seen herself as a truly dumb cunt, but this� How could she have been so stupid? Going through all this humiliation, all the effort, all these emotions, and not even using the one single benefit it could have given her!



Donna wanted to kick herself, and she felt a wave of relief going through her as she walked up to the house and saw a stern Ninon awaiting her in the open door with a whip in hand. How she had to be hurt badly!



Donna wasn�t let down. A cold Ninon instructed her to come inside and undress immediately. She got a harsh sharp lash on her butt for not being fast enough, which made her yelp out loud. Donna had not expected to be hit already in the hallway; usually she was lashed only in the safe �guest� room. 



Donna undressed quickly, for fear the neighbors would hear her shrieks if she was hit more. Naked, except for her nylons and heels, she was then lead into the living room, not to the sound proof room.



�Bend over the table� Ninon ordered.



�But� the neighbors..?� Donna reasoned.



A harsh lash on her half exposed breast followed, which made Donna howl in pain.



�Bend over the table stupid cunt.� Ninon told her one more time.



Donna fearfully bent over and grasped the glass table firmly. She saw the angry red mark on her breast, and felt it go on to her side. She was never hit this hard -this cruelly- by Ninon. 



�Please, please, Mrs Bondain, please don�t do it here�� Donna begged, �The curtains, the noise��



�Shut up, Cutty.� Ninon just said, as the whip swiped through the air again, hitting her straight on her back. Another harsh shriek of Donna followed. �Just do as your told, make it easier for yourself.� Ninon explained as she walked up to Donna.



She grabbed her by her hair, lifted her head and they looked each other in the eye.



�How is my little whore doing. Did you enjoy selling yourself, cheap cunt?� Ninon venomously spoke �Don�t you feel stupid now. Really dumb, a low life slut?�



�And I was told you have been crying a lot on the job.� Ninon went on, as her whip caressed Donna�s back �It�s a little late for fake remorse isn�t it? You volunteered to sell yourself didn�t you. I mean, nobody was really putting a gun to your head or so. You even celebrated the achievement, didn�t you.�



Donna felt so ashamed as she shook her head in agreement, crying again.



�I did hear you have outdone yourself at the gym. Was it fun flaunting your sweaty body for Bill? Trying to get him to fuck you? You know you are a staunched lesbian now, aren�t you?�



Donna didn�t understand this, but just shook her head again.



�Then why flirt with men?!� Ninon exclaimed, and a wave of lashes came down on Donna, who cried out in pain.



�And why don�t you follow the rules? Why do you deliberately break them all the time?� Ninon asked, and another wave of lashes followed.



Donna fell down to the floor in pain, and cried loudly �Please Mrs Bondain, no more, please no more�



�Get up, and get ready for more punishment.� Ninon replied to her plea.



Donna knew better than to disobey and pulled herself together, all the time whimpering for mercy. 



�Why do you deserve this punishment, Cutty?� Ninon asked Donna as the poor woman stood trembling in front of her, covered in red welts.



Donna wanted to say �I don�t know� but knew that would only anger her torturer, and so opted for listing up actions she had done which might conflict with her rules.



�I� I took too long under the shower, I didn�t make myself up correctly, I wasn�t pleasing Mrs Bondain immediately after she woke up�and� I didn�t ask for the payment��



�That�s it, stupid cunt! A whore always asks for money first! You really embarrassed Ms Brendan by acting so inexperienced!!� and another wave of lashes came down on her.



Donna heard Ninon yell at her what a stupid bitch she had been but she couldn�t absorb it; the pain was too much. She felt herself fall, and soon everything was dark around her and she was gone.



When she came to, her body was aching and her back side, her ass, her legs were all covered in fierce red stripes. Donna noticed Ninon had whipped every sensitive part of her, her inner thighs, the side of her torso, and of course the regular places, her ass, her vagina, even her breast had been hit from behind.



Donna saw she had dropped her butt-plug and Ben Waa balls involuntarily. They lay scattered on the ground, on the carpet, covered in her excretions. �That�s gonna be difficult to clean� she thought as she tried to get up. �Where�s Ninon?� she wondered. She finally heard her talking outside and feared the worse. Had she invited more tormentors, had her neighbors heard her? 



Donna limped painfully towards the door and indeed there were people there, but it was much worse than she had feared. It was the police. The same cops that had visited her before.



�And here she is.� Ninon said to the agents as Donna appeared in the doorway. �The owner of the house.�



�Next time do dress up Donna.� Ninon ridiculed Donna as she appeared naked in plain view. �These police agents might get the right idea.�



�I explained these men we were playing a sex game, where I had to whip you, and that we got a bit carried away.� Ninon went on �Do tell them your story, and promise them, like me, that we�ll keep it quiet from now on.�



Donna looked at the agents and wished the world would open up and swallow her. Their unbelieving staring eyes made her cover herself as good as she possibly could. She cursed herself for walking naked towards the door. Again a change; she was so used to walking naked, she hadn�t even thought of covering herself. And now the cold quickly got a hold of her too, making her painful nipples obscenely erect.



�Yes�� Donna stammered as she covered herself with her hands, terribly ashamed �Everything is alright officers, we just got carried away, and I screamed maybe a bit too loud��



�A bit is an understatement ma�am. The neighbors heard you scream almost a block away.� One of the officers replied �And please, do cover up.�&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



�The neighbors called there was a fight going on, and that you were in peril� The other officer add �We came as fast as we could.�



He pointed to the police car parked on her lawn, with bright lights flickering.



Donna went quickly inside to put on a coat. She felt another fit coming on, and had to breath deeply to keep calm. These cops would never take her seriously anymore. Neither would her neighbors. Things just kept on falling down around her the more she tried to hold on to them.



�We need to make a report, because of the numerous calls.� The police agents continued meanwhile with Ninon. 



�We can understand that.� Ninon answered �Normally it would be something serious, but with Donna here you can be sure it is something completely different.�



�You can say that again.� The first officer replied, obviously recalling their first encounter with Donna. 



Donna stumbled back to the door and noticed several neighbors watching from their doors and windows to see what was going on. Donna wondered if they had seen her too, when she had appeared naked in the doorway, clearly whipped all over. 



�Of course they had.� She figured �That�ll be the talk of the town tomorrow, if not right now already.�



Ninon waved mockingly to the neighbors as she continued to explain what happened to the officers. Donna had to join in the conversation to explain the officers it had just been a sex game gone too far, which they finally believed. 



As the police car drove off, Ninon turned and pushed Donna back inside. �Let�s continue upstairs.�



Donna felt relief going through her as she was pushed upstairs, to the sound proof room. At least now she could scream freely, without worrying someone could hear her.



The night continued with Donna tied up, gagged, and whipped ferociously by Ninon. In between she was forced to thank Ninon for the lessons, and made to promise she would improve herself, promise to follow the ridiculous rules to the letter. And of course she had to apologize endlessly for her failure to ask for her money, for embarrassing Ms Brendan by not being the perfect whore. 



But Donna still loved the punishment. She relished the pain, wanted for Ninon to punish her more and more. She loved to apologize. She knew these feelings were odd, crazy, but she couldn�t help them. She figured this was how it felt to be �broken� mentally. Anything Ninon did to her she was grateful for, she had no will to fight her. Every whip lash was right, was just. And the pain, it felt so deserved and it relaxed her troubled mind. 



For what seemed like hours the session went on. She was painfully constrained in various positions and paddled and whipped until she fainted. The session just went on when she woke up again. Donna didn�t know her body could hurt that much and was surprised by her own stamina. And all the time she gratefully thanked her torturer in words, in action by licking her to several orgasms and in her mind, as she dwelled on her own stupidity. 



�I think you�ve been punished enough, Cutty..� Ninon at last told an exhausted Donna �I think you took it very well and I am very pleased with you.�



Donna smiled meekly, as she lay bent over the bed, legs spread onto the floor. Her skin totally inflamed, her body covered in welts and her face a mess due to her tears and her drooling. �Thank you, Mrs. Bondain�� she barely managed to stammer.



�As a token of my appreciation I�ll give you something I know you will appreciate.� Ninon said as she walked to the side of the room, where something was covered under a blanket. She pushed the item towards the bed. 



�I�ll introduce you to the new training tool you purchased.� Ninon said, and she pulled the blanket off, revealing some sort of mechanical device.



�It�s an electronic fucking machine� Ninon explained to the wondering Donna �See, the dildo�s go here, one for the pussy, one for the ass. This wonderful piece of art can even work them separately. With this remote you can adjust the separate speeds. You position yourself in front of it, and the machine will just fuck you into oblivion.�



�But what is really special� Ninon said with a proud smile � are these devices.�



She held up a few rubber dildos.



�They are specially designed. They have a double layer with sensors so the machine can check if you are fucking back. If not the machine gives off an electric current which will hit you right in your cunt or ass, or both. The jolt even increases if there�s still no reaction. This way you�ll have to fuck yourself silly whenever you mount your holes on the machine. This is the most modern way of learning how to fuck, getting your body trained in endurance and to stretch your holes. All at the same time.�



�Remember you still have to fit �Lenny�. It will go so much faster with this tool.� Ninon reminded Donna �And last but not least, if you do your best you can cum endlessly. I mean you practically have to do nothing but wriggle a bit. No more tired arms, legs. You can focus solely on your own orgasms. If you read the reviews of this machine you�ll see everyone is enthusiastic about it.� 



Donna watched the torture tool with some fear. She knew it would somehow mean long painful torture sessions for her.



�As you still have work to do I�ll place this tool at Julie�s desk.� Ninon went on �See, it is quite easy to roll around. You place it firmly on the ground by pulling up the wheels like this.� The machine halted as it pinned itself to the floor. �And here you adjust the angle of the machine. Like this..� and she positioned the machine's piston arm so the dildo stood almost straight up. �you can now use it as a chair, so you can work while being rammed.�



�Now go fetch your papers and I�ll strap you onto this machine and leave you to your work.�



Donna scrambled painfully to her feet, and went to fetch the papers. She felt like she was going crazy. She loved the way her body hurt all over, wanted to be hurt even more even though she knew she couldn�t stand any more. What was happening to her?



When she came back upstairs with the pile of papers she was guided into Julie�s room, where she was placed in front of the computer on Julie�s dresser. That way she would also see herself in the mirrors. 



The machine was placed in front of the dresser also, in an angle that would force Donna to stand half bent. Donna knew that position would strain her legs all too soon but knew better than to complain. In fact she told herself she deserved this additional treatment anyway.



�We�ll start with these two for now.� Ninon said as she showed Donna a medium sized and a small dildo. She screwed them onto the machine. �See how simple this works?�



�Now come here.� Ninon told the watching Donna �Lay the papers on the dresser and put your arms up.�



Quickly a belt was strapped around her belly.



�Put yourself onto the machine, I coated the dildos with gel already.�



Donna carefully bent back onto the machine, guiding the two dildos into her holes. She indeed had to bend a bit, couldn�t really sit. 



�Move a bit up and down.� Ninon instructed when the dildos were in.



Donna moved a bit up and down. 



�They need to be adjusted a bit, right?� Ninon said as she saw Donna�s uncomfortable face. 



Ninon adjusted the space between the dildos a bit, making it smaller. When at last it fit properly she fastened the belt with chains and a padlock to the machine.



�Move all the way up, try to take the dildos out.� Ninon ordered.



Donna tried, and the chains where adjusted until she couldn�t move off of the dildos.



�Now you can�t get off the machine, only �get off�� Ninon joked



�This position might get painful after a while� Ninon warned �But you need to get used to being fucked in difficult positions, so see it as a test of your endurance.�



 �Ok, these are all your papers, you got your daughter�s computer� Anything else I can do for you Cutty?�



�No, Mrs Bondain.� Donna answered as she felt the pain of her awkward position already kick in �Thank you, Mrs Bondain, for helping me��



�Don�t you worry, you filthy slut, we�ll see to all you needs. By the way, you�re free to come numerous times. After all this pain you really deserve some joy. So have fun, and don�t scream too loud, or you�ll probably end up in jail this time.�





And with that Ninon left Donna alone in her daughter�s room, strapped to the fucking machine underneath her. The machine moved in a slow pace, more teasing her than really fucking her. She moved up and down a bit to try out her own movability.



�I can handle this�� Donna thought as she rested on the dildos a bit, letting them wobble her up and down slowly. It felt funny, as the two dildos didn�t really have the same speed. It made her feel as if she was on a boat, rolling from wave to wave.



Donna now tried to focus on her work. She needed to finish a lot still, and would probably need an hour or two. To her surprise she noticed it was only 11:00 o�clock. She thought her ordeal had been much longer than the few hours it actually had been. She felt dead tired though, and wanted to get some much needed sleep.



It was soon thereafter she felt the first jolt of electricity. Not painful, just a small irritation. She had been so concentrated on her work she had almost forgotten about her predicament. The jolt reminded her she had to move herself and squeeze the dildo to avoid shocks. She bucked a bit back on the machine and pushed on the rubber dildos in her cunt and ass with her inner muscles. It worked, or at least there followed no additional electrical shock. 



From there on it became an endurance test for Donna. She didn�t have to move, wriggle much, but the moment she forgot about it, if she lost herself in her work too long, the machine gave her another jolt. Sometimes in her ass, sometimes in her vagina. If she didn�t react the next jolt would be stronger, forcing her to react to avoid pain. Strapped to the device she had no other choice but to hump and squeeze the dildos on a regular basis.



Donna kind of understood the meaning of this �training� as she worked on. It taught her to fuck automatically. It would become second nature for her to wriggle her bottom on dildos even as she was deeply concentrated in her work. After all she had gone through, she didn�t mind that. Actually, she even welcomed it, as it would mean she could do her work as she was training. It would help her get up to date with her work, and then Ms Brendan would maybe even give her the full time job back. It could be a way to escape the sexual path she was on.



But there was more to this exercise. Her itch played up of course, making her wriggle automatically, and making her vagina produce more and more juices. The slow pace of the machine was not enough to really scratch good, and so she humped back on the dildos whenever the itches became too much. It helped her avoiding shocks but it also aroused her. The slow constant pace of the machine, her itch, her own humping back, the noise of the dildos plunging in her vagina and ass -- it just got to her, even if she tried to concentrate solely on her work. At last it made her wriggle, hump faster as a well deserved orgasm built up. She rubbed her clit furiously, slumped over her papers and surrendered to her body�s fevered state. 



Shamefully she finally pitched into an orgasm and it was a shattering one. Her body reacted as if it hadn�t orgasmed in ages. Donna felt a wave of relief go through her mind and body as her body spasmed wildly. She grabbed hold on the desk, rubbed her breast on the desk, and moaned loudly. She so deserved this good feeling! She so deserved it after all the punishment. She rocked back on the dildo�s trying to make the orgasm last longer.



As the orgasm finally, a warm tingling feeling seeped through her body. It was a gentle feeling caressing her battered body. Donna was happy, grateful, she had been allowed to enjoy this orgasm. Yes, it was humiliating to be in her own daughter�s room, slumped over her dresser. Yes it was shameful to be degraded by being bound to a fucking machine. Yes, she probably looked like a slut as she orgasmed. But she had endured punishment for her faults already. This was just something she allowed herself to enjoy. And she enjoyed it to the max! 



She humped the machine gently, allowing her clit to rub the ribbed dildo. She moved her hips gently up and down. She felt as squirts of her juices shot out of her vagina as she sighed with her eyes closed, her mind temporary blank. The bliss of the orgasm had enwrapped her totally, and Donna hung over the desk, over her papers, gone� 



It was soon thereafter she woke to another lesson. Electrical driven dildos don�t stop. Her highly sensitive vagina was penetrated in the same slow, relentless rhythm. She had no way to avoid it, strapped to the machine as she was. The best she could do was lift herself up, getting the dildo�s out of her as much as possible. She could then push her clit away from the pumping dildos. It was an uncomfortable position, but she just had to endure it until her sensitivity was gone. 



The good feeling subsiding Donna tried to focus on her work once again to distract her mind. This was what Ninon had meant with endurance, Donna understood. The machine had no knowledge of her captor�s feelings, and would just pump on with its steady pace. She was glad the pace was so slow, that made it at least bearable.



When she finally could move back into a �normal� position again and worked for a few minutes again, she noticed another challenge. The dildo in her ass was drying up. Her vagina wasn�t a problem, as it produced more than enough juices, but her ass of course didn�t. She was soon forced to coat the ass dildo with the juices from her vagina or her own spit. This was a tedious job which took some time plus her juices didn�t work as well as the gel, meaning she had to coat the ass dildo often. To produce more juices she rubbed her clit. She was now kind of grateful they had conditioned her vagina to produce so much juices.



An annoying result of the rubbing was of course she now only had one hand to really work with, which together with the distraction of the electric shocks, didn�t really help her speed up. And as time passed, the position she was in started to cramp her legs too. She had to lean on Julie�s desk to give her legs a rest ever so often, making her progress even slower. As the night continued her legs started to cramp more and more, and she hoped Ninon would release her before it would become unbearable.



But Donna did enjoy each orgasm that was forced upon her. After the first her shame had subsided, and she became eager to come. The slow rhythm of the machine was a blessing and she silently thanked Ninon for the pace. It worked her up slowly and when she was ready she just humped back as fast as she could, getting herself off. She enjoyed the climaxes so much. Each one just seemed to warm her body more. They caused her pain to subsided, gave her mind some much needed rest. 



And she was so happy she could enjoy them so much, or better, was allowed to enjoy them. Nobody around to humiliate her, no cameras, no laughing faces, she was just with herself and her feelings. The more she got into it, the better she came. She hungered for each new orgasm more and more. She pushed her body up and down the machine without any reluctance, rubbing her clit feverishly with her hands or with the rubbed dildo. And the terrible itch she had in both her holes was now a blessing, as it made her wriggle about, scratching her inner holes and at the same time arousing her constantly! Getting her ready for the next orgasm so much faster, so much heavier. It was so wonderful!



Very late at night, a dead tired but satisfied Donna was finally finished with work and started to call for Ninon to release her. It was around three o�clock in the morning and she wanted to sleep desperately. She had orgasmed so many times now her juices started to dry up. In addition the cramp in her legs were unbearable now. She had to slump over the desk resting on her arms to give her legs their much needed rest.



Unfortunately Ninon didn�t answer her. Donna didn�t want to yell out loud, for fear her neighbors would call the cops on her again, and so, after numerous efforts, she figured Ninon had fallen asleep and wouldn�t wake up soon; She had to help herself. 

She couldn�t detach herself from the machine, but with enormous flexibility she could bend over forward and turn the knob of the machine holding up the dildo�s so she could change their angle. She couldn�t manage to get the wheels unlocked, but with some force she could move the whole machine a bit.



Donna looked around and saw the jar with jell on the night stand next to Juliie�s bed. She decided to move the machine around to the bed to lay down, at which moment she also could pick up the jar with jell to coat the ever-pumping dildos. It took all her last strength to hop the machine around towards the bed, and with a last impossible move she adjusted the angle to horizontal. She could now rest her upper body on the bed, as the machine worked her holes. Her legs could now rest on the ground. 



Donna coated the dildo�s with the jell and finally truly relaxed. She slumped over the bed and just let the machine work her vagina and ass. She humped every now and then to avoid the shocks. She still enjoyed the dildos scratching her itches, arousing her again. She let herself be worked up by the steady rhythm of the machine, until she just had to hump her hips faster and faster for another mind-shattering orgasm. This one was the absolute best as her mind was completely at ease, having finished all her assignments for the day. 



The feeling was so good she forced another and another onto herself. She never had enjoyed such fulfillment. She just loved each orgasm. Each wave of pleasure alleviated her body and her mind, made her forget the whip marks, the strain in her muscles, her legs. And best of all the fact that she was told it was up to her if she wanted them. She was free to enjoy them as she wanted to. It was the main reason she knew she enjoyed them so much. She wanted it herself, and had no fear, shame, or whatever emotion to hold her back. 



Finally tired after the many orgasms she fell into a slumbering sleep. The shocks woke her up regularly at which time she drowsily humped back on the rubber penises moaning a little out of sheer enjoyment. At times she had to coat the dildos again which she did robotically. Her dreams were filled with orgies of men fucking her, some resembling her husband, some just people she knew or had met recently. Even the Caribbean gang invaded her dreams. She orgasmed numerous times in her dreams, and in every position. Donna had reached a blissful state which she never wanted to leave� 







�MOM!!!� 



Donna woke up slowly, incoherent of her surroundings at first



�How could you!! This is disgusting!! In my room!!!�



Donna turned her head towards the rumbling noise and saw her eldest daughter in the door with her bags. 



�Oh no, look at the mess she made!!!�



Donna saw Ninon and Trixy join Julie in the door way, each looking around in the room. Donna followed their gaze and saw what they saw.



The room was indeed a mess. It started at Julie�s desk where you could see the marks of the machine in the carpet. Worse, you could also clearly see the stains her gel and her excretions had made. The desk was a disaster of papers and visible stains. Next was a trail of holes in the carpet, together with the familiar stains all the way to the bed, where the mess was even worse. The jar with jell had fallen on the ground, messing up the night stand and the carpet underneath it, and underneath Donna was another large pool of jell combined with juices. It even had leaked down the still pumping machine. And on top of that was her own vision. A naked woman, covered in whip marks, strapped to a fucking machine, which still humped into her, still making the mechanical noise of the pumps working on her, still making the sopping noise of her holes. 



How could she have forgotten that her daughters would return today? Did she know it?



�She really did make a mess of the room� Ninon agreed, acting as if she was completely innocent. 



�I can�t deal with this, this is just too gross!!!� Julie screamed and threw her bags on the floor and ran off. 



Donna was too tired to really react right now. She felt shame, she felt humiliation, but most of all she felt tired, broken.



�Let�s get her off the machine first.� Ninon said to Trixy, and they walked up to her, carefully avoiding the wet stains in the ruined carpet.



Donna lay still, still wriggling her bottom as she was used to all night, as she felt them unstrapping her.



�She is really out of it.� Trixy noted.



�Yes she is. After a night of such bliss.� Ninon explained.



Donna felt a mixture of relief and regret as the machine was rolled away from her. A disgusting double pop indicated the dildo�s exited her orifices. It followed by an even more disgusting flush of secretions leaving her holes, falling straight on the carpet.



In shame Donna pushed her head into the warm cover shade. When she lifted her head she saw the back of Trixy�s hand in front of her face. She understood the gesture and leaned forward and kissed it in gratitude.



�And what do you say than, Donna?� Ninon pushed Donna.



�Thank you, thank you Ms Trixy.� Donna said softly, but honestly.













No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without prior express and written permission of the author.



Copyright 2009 by Bokkey.

Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com





Chapter 44 - The Whore Teacher



Donna sat at the kitchen table, taking a break from her morning duties. She had still so much to do! She looked at her nails to check if she had done them correctly. She had done so five times already in the last minute alone, but she kept forgetting. Her mind couldn�t hold anything anymore; she was so desperate for sleep.



As she sat in the chilly kitchen, she had to constantly rub herself; both her holes itched terribly. She never had had it this bad. Both her pussy and ass were flaming red. It had to be some kind of infection caused by her all-night buggering. And as she thought about it, her hand slipped inside her vagina again as if acting on its own. At the same time, Donna began to rub her ass across the seat of her chair so that her butt plug would be forced inside her and scratch her inner ass hole roughly. How could she get through the day, feeling like this?



Donna looked at herself. The whip marks were still visible, even though her skin glistened with soothing oil. Her white lace corset was okay. She pulled her white stockings up tightly for the umpteenth time. Must watch out not to tear them, Donna reminded herself.&nbsp; Hadn't she just told herself that?&nbsp; She looked out of the kitchen. Had she cleaned the living room already? She vaguely thought she had. And what time is it anyway? She looked for a clock.



�Hi, Mom.�



Donna�s face immediately turned red as Trixy walked in. Quickly, she stopped rubbing herself on the chair and removed her hand from her vagina, only to reveal her wet fingers as they grabbed her coffee mug. But Trixy seemed indifferent to her mother�s actions as she simply passed by to fetch herself a drink. Not even the wardrobe Donna had been given to wear seemed to surprise her daughter. 



Ninon had Donna dressed up like a 19th-century whore right after she was released from the terrible machine. The outfit even included vintage can-can shoes with wooden soles. It must be ridiculous to see your own mother in a corset, with a large ribbon knot at the back, no panties, stockings with vintage garter belt. The layers of make up on Donna�s face, the large false dark black eye lashes, her pushed-up curled hair with the fake small satin flowers and ribbons in it. Even the make-up on her nipples, even if they were mostly hidden behind the tight corset. 



Yet despite all this there was no real response from Trixy, and that made it worse for Donna. Her daughter clearly accepted this all as Donna's own doing.&nbsp; She was probably convinced Donna was doing this out of her own sheer depravity. And if her own daughter believed it� 



�Look, she�s turning red.� Ninon was accompanying Trixy. �She�s so lost right now.�



And that was true. Donna was lost, completely lost. She was tired, exhausted; her pussy and ass controled her thoughts constantly. And she didn�t want to think because when she did, her mind flooded with images of all that she had done lately, making her feel so ashamed, so low.&nbsp; More than that, she had so still much to get done. Her day's schedule was packed with things to do. It was difficult enough to keep focused on those alone, Donna was finding out. 



And so Donna figured she should just focus on her warm coffee and let things go for a moment. She still had to clean the rest of the house, she had an appointment with her new teacher, and then there was work to go to.&nbsp; The only bright spot was the spa afterwards, though her whip marks would raise eyebrows.



�You�re okay, Mom?� Trixy asked as she joined her mother at the kitchen table.



�Yes� � Donna replied scarily. She watched Ninon looking at her expectantly �� Ms. Trixy.�



�I love it when she says that.� Trixy told Ninon excited. 



Donna just smiled meekly, and forced another gulp of coffee down her throat. At least somebody was happy. She needed to get a clear mind. There definitely would be no help from Trixy, she understood. Maybe Julie�?



�Good morning.� Julie walked in and also sat down at the kitchen table. She glimpsed coldly at her mother and then ignored her. 



�So much for her help,� Donna decided and took another gulp.



�Julie, we have a meeting with the psychiatrist now regarding this issue in front of us.� Trixy informed Julie.



�Why?� Julie asked, too indifferently.



�You�re serious?� Trixy responded, hinting with her eyes at Donna and her lewd attire.



Donna watched the conversation that took place as if she wasn�t there. It amazed her how quickly her whole world had turned around. Not only were her actions no longer hidden from her daughters, but Donna felt as if she now had lost all control over them too. 



And Donna knew that she no longer was able to fight to regain her control as their parent.&nbsp; The look of disgust from Julie had hurt her deeply. She had lost all respect that Julie had ever had for her, and rightfully so.&nbsp; Donna was so ashamed of what had happened last night in Julie�s room.&nbsp; How could Julie ever understand why Donna would follow last nights degrading performance by dressing up in this ridiculously slutty aoutfit?&nbsp; Even Donna couldn�t understand herself anymore! 



The kiss of Trixy�s hand was also still clear in Donna�s mind. Why had she done that? Actually, she knew the answer; she wanted desperately to please her tormentors, and she knew showing her submission to her daughters would please them. And Trixy�s hand seemed to have been placed there to be kissed. It had felt natural, given the circumstances. 



But those circumstances were ridiculous, Donna reminded herself. 



Yet Donna was overwhelmed by a feeling that she indeed had fallen lower than her daughters. They didn�t let their worlds fall apart as she did. They saw right from wrong&nbsp; clearly.&nbsp; They were still behaving normally.



That was why Donna desperately wanted to speak to the psychiatrist too.&nbsp; She had so many worries on her mind that she would rather tell everything to the psychiatrist, even if Melinda would most likely give answers Donna wouldn�t like or understand. 



And damn that itch! It just wouldn�t go away. She started to gently rock the chair again.



�I thought it best to call her in, since your mother�s behavior lately has degenerated,� Ninon explained to Julie. �She�ll be here any moment.�



She bent over and whispered into Donna�s ear: � ... and you have your own meeting with your teacher.�



Donna tried to recall her schedule of the day again. She had to meet with someone new again -- her �whore� teacher. Whatever that entailed.



Luckily, the doorbell finally saved Donna from her ordeal.



�That�s the psychiatrist,� Ninon said. �Let�s meet with her in the garden.&nbsp; That way, your mother can clean up here and in the living room� and maybe herself.�



Hadn�t she already cleaned the living room? Confused and not really able to think clearly, Donna looked back into that room. She saw a whip on the floor but she felt her Ben Waa balls inside her, she had picked those up. Her itch was killing her again, distracting her. If her daughters left, she had to first scratch herself thoroughly again.



�You�ll clean the dishes.&nbsp; Right, Mom?� Trixy asked playfully.



Donna knew she was trying her out again; Ninon had just left and was at the door ,letting her psychiatrist in so it was just between them now. It had been the girls'&nbsp; chore to clean the dishes on the weekends and during vacation times, as was cleaning the house for that matter.&nbsp; But Donna knew those rules wouldn�t apply anymore. �Yes, Ms. Trixy, I�ll do the dishes.�



�You see, it does have it�s benefits.� Trixy said happily to Julie. 



Julie said nothing but Donna knew how much she hated to do the dishes. She knew Julie was happy she didn�t had to do chores this morning. And Donna hoped that her doing them instead might somehow change Julie's hostile attitude a little. Donna actually feared how angry Julie appeared to be; nothing good could come from an angry teenager out of control.



Donna finished her coffee as the others went into the cold back garden. She wondered how much coffee she had drunk already. It just didn�t seem to work. Finally alone, she gave herself permission to scratching herself unceremoniously once again. 



�Owww, that feels so good!�&nbsp; She whispered to herself.&nbsp; Donna felt herself becoming aroused again but she didn�t want to bring herself off. She would not let her body rule her mind. 



Finally, she forced herself to get up and clean the living room. As she did so, she saw the group outside talking. To her surprise, Bridgette was there too. She recalled that at all the sessions Bridgette had to be present, but Donna hadn�t seen her pass by. What would they tell Bridgette now? And what would Bridgette in turn tell their mutual friends?



She bent down to pick up the whip that had been left behind and a collection of dildos that Donna didn�t even know she had, let alone that they had been used on her yesterday. The stains in the white carpet were a problem; the wool carpet was ruined, just like Julie�s upstairs. She tried to scrub some places but knew it was useless and soon gave up. 



As time passed, she saw the debate outside getting heated with Julie and Bridgette clearly in disagreement with the others. What lies were they being told right now? And how difficult would it be for Donna to live those lies?&nbsp; She sat on her knees on the carpet and started to whimper a little out of sheer self pity.



Just then the doorbell rang. All eyes outside focused on Donna in the center of the living room, on her knees amid a collection of dildos. Could she give any �better� wrong message to her children, to Bridgette? And the doorbell just rang on. The person at the door was obviously impatient. Donna, ashamed, smiled politely to the group outside and hurried to the door, glad to be out of view.



�I don�t like waiting in the cold, honey� a strange woman said as she brushed Donna aside and stepped into the warm house. 



�How are yah doin�?� The woman unbuttoned her short fur winter coat.



The woman in front of her had fake blond hair, with a perm, and purple strains clearly visible. You could clearly see the brown roots growing out. Her face was made up heavily, lots of pancake, heavy dark blue eye shadow, red lipstick, fake eye lashes. Her nails were a bright pink, she had tattoos on her ankles, one of her calves had a tiger on it, her upper arm had a band of wire tattooed. She wore cheap plastic jewelry, three large hoops in each ear, a collection of colorful plastic bracelets on her arms. A short t-shirt, too small for her large breasts, a short skirt, with worn out laces, and way-out-of-place electric bleu fishnet stockings to complete the picture. No doubt about it, this was her teacher.



�Hello?�&nbsp; The woman waved at the gazing Donna.



Donna was shaken from her trance. She felt as if she had been looking at a future image of herself. 



�Oh, sorry,� Donna said as friendly as possible. �Hello, I�m Donna�



�And I�m your teacher,� the stranger said as they shook hands. �You�re Cutty, right?�



�Yes�� Donna said.



�Then why the fuck did you say "Donna?�



Before Donna could answer that question, the woman gave Donna her coat and walked away into the living room.



�You call me 'Mistress,' and you pay attention to whatever I say, okay?� The woman shouted back as she walked on into the kitchen. �Nice place! I can see you�re pretty rich.�



Donna hurried behind the stranger, afraid the group outside would notice the obvious whore she was with now. From the looks of the group, she saw she was already too late.



�I need some coffee, is this still good,� the whore asked as she moved through the kitchen as though she owned it. �Fetch me a mug, Cutty.�



Donna quickly grabbed a mug from the table and handed it to her.



�Next time, have the coffee fresh.� The woman remarked.



�I�m sorry,� Donna replied.



�We�re not really polite, aren�t we Cutty?� The woman said sternly.



�I�m sorry, Ms. Teacher,� Donna corrected herself, not knowing the woman�s name. It was obvious this woman was into her situation too. She had to watch to follow the rules very strictly around her.



�I told you to call me 'Mistress!'� The woman said raising her voice.



Donna feared the other outside would hear, and replied quickly. �I�m sorry, Mistress.�



�That�s better.� The woman said as she sat down. 



Donna stood and observed the woman better. She really looked the part of a cheap hooker. Not only did she wear the part; she just looked as gross too. As if she had not showered for days.&nbsp; Deep wrinkles were visible on her face, even through the thick layers of makeup. Donna figured she was probably a drug addict too.



�I like it when they call me 'Mistress,'� the woman explained. �Especially when we�re talking about rich uptown cows like you.�



Donna sighed.&nbsp; This woman promised to be no good. She feared her lessons already.



�Come stand in front of me,� the woman instructed.



Donna reluctantly did.



�What a slut you are!� The woman remarked as she observed how Donna was dressed and forced her to turn around. �You really are one of the more kinky ones!�



�This stuff must have cost a lot!� She felt the corset Donna was wearing. �You are a rich one, and as usual we have the same size� But I don�t like this outfit. Too much clothing, too difficult to get out of� Though you don�t really need to do that with your ass and cunt exposed.� 



�Kneel!� The woman instructed next.



Donna knelt in front of her new teacher. Quickly the woman grabbed her face and studied it.



�You�re okay with handling makeup, I see. Though I will teach you what customers really like, not what you think they like. And you have the correct whorish bone structure. Maybe we should advise some surgery to get those eyes changed. They like it more if you have small slutty eyes.�



Her dirty fingers entered Donna�s mouth �Nice teeth, and already a diamond inserted. She used to do gold teeth you know, you�re lucky.�



She felt down towards Donna�s breasts, molding them roughly underneath the corset, making her nipples pop out of the corset.



�Nice set of tits. That will be liked by the boys. They will love to have you rub their dicks with those mammals.�



�I only do women, Mistress,� Donna remarked.



�That�s a first.� The woman laughed. �You really think you will have enough clients that way? The real horny ones are the men, the real ugly and filthy men. Up!�



Donna stood up and tried to put her breasts back into the tight corset.



�Bend over.� The woman said as she turned Donna around.



Donna bent over ,showing the woman her ass and cunt.



�Nice juicy lips, and you�re stretching that ass of yours already. Good.� The woman commented as her hands explored Donna's twin holes, twisting the butt plug painfully. 



�No, stupid cow,� the woman continued her lecture. �I will teach you how to be a real whore. You�ll fuck anything for money, whether it be women, men, dogs, monkeys, snakes, anything. And I�ll teach you how to act to satisfy each of them.�



The woman took a sip of the coffee. �Apart from that, I�ll teach you the much more important issues of the trade; how to negotiate with the customer, how to be safe, what the regular prices are nowadays. How to distinguish yourself from the rest of the whores.�



Donna listened intently to her teacher, still bent over. She understood another complexity had been introduced into her life. Not only was this woman apparently cruel, dominating, but she also expected her to fuck men, something Ms. Brendan explicitly had forbidden. But Donna didn�t want to argue with her right now. Her main priority was how to move upstairs into the private room to hide the woman from the others outside.



�I see you�re busy, Mom,� Trixy said as she appeared in the door opening as if on cue. �Can you bring us some warm coffee? It�s rather chilly outside.�



�Yeah, some fresh coffee would be nice, Cutty,� Donna�s teacher agreed and slapped Donna's cheek hard to get her up and moving.



Donna hurried to make fresh coffee. She was happy it had been Trixy who saw her like this. If it had been Julie or worse, Bridgette� 



�As for my fee and all: I ask 1000 per consult, and the amount of classes depends on your performance in real life. Understood?�



�Yes, Mistress,� Donna replied, as her mind raced to calculate how much money she would lose, how much she could lose. She foresaw huge financial problems and knew that was exactly what they were aiming for.&nbsp; If I don�t act like the perfect whore fast, I�ll be bankrupt in no time!, she thought.



As she made the coffee, her new teacher interrogated her, asking specific questions about her situation. Donna knew she had to explain herself as the slut Ms. Brendan wanted her to become. The slut that would love to sell herself as a whore, to make money by doing what she loved doing most. And so she answered every question accordingly.



�Whoring is much more than just kinky fucking, you�ll see.� The woman finally remarked �Reality is always different than fantasy. But you�ll find out how hard whoring can be, Cutty, you�ll find out��



With that, she waved Donna away to bring the others outside their coffee. Donna saw the sad glaze on the harsh woman as she had said the last sentence, and understood this woman had endured many rough times, and probably still would many more.



As Donna opened the glass door to the patio, the cold wind engulfed her and made her shiver. The group fell silent as they watched her come outside and Donna immediately turned red. Even though she had steeled herself, it was still too embarrassing for Donna to be this open in front of her daughters and friends.&nbsp; And the cold air, especially on her vagina, made her feel so much more exposed. Not to mention the demeaning looks that Julie and Bridgette gave her.&nbsp; She mustered all her strength to walk up to the gathering.



Silently, the group watched her as she poured the warm coffee for everyone. Donna didn�t dare to look at anyone for fear of provoking a crude remark. The group kept quiet as if they were discussing something that Donna shouldn�t hear. She felt their eyes on her as they observed her intently. From the smiles of her psychiatrist and Trixy, she felt that somehow she had confirmed whatever they had discussed. 



As she moved around, Donna started to fear her neighbors�s looks too. The patio was partly enclosed by a thin wooden fence, but the neighbors at the back of her house had a clear view of her prancing around half naked. She didn�t dare to look to see if they were looking but when she finally did glance around she thought she noticed several faces in nearby windows looking at her and the group.



Donna felt relieved when she finally could go back to the false safety of her own house, away from prying eyes. As she closed the glass door, the conversation outside picked up again and she understood from the noise their conversation could be heard by her neighbors as well.&nbsp; They were speakng so loudly as they continued their heated discussion. They didn�t seem to care about the neighbors at all!



And then it hit her: her neighbors had seen her!! And they were hearing her story from the group outside!! How was she ever going to deal with the consequences? They would start talking; word would spread around. People would start to treat her differently, avoid her.&nbsp; Donna started to cry out of sheer anxiety as her mind flooded with the new problems her neighbors could cause. Only when she arrived into the kitchen was she brought back to her present predicament.



�That took way too long, Cutty,� her teacher remarked. �And stop crying. It doesn�t suit a whore.�



The teacher got up. �Show me around the house.�



Donna knew better than to complain and guided her new teacher through the house. Totally embarrassed, she guided her into the living room. In plain view of the people sitting outside, the new woman went through all of Donna's things, even through all the drawers, and asking specific detail with respect to her family pictures. �That is so I know exactly who I work with,� she explained. But Donna grew suspicious she had alternative motives when she obviously checked out the more expensive items and asked about her jewelry.



�Let�s go outside too,� the woman finally said, making Donna turn a bright red. She had no idea how to handle the current situation. Her teacher waited impatiently for Donna to open the glass doorand when she finally did, she was pushed aside brusquely as the woman walked onto the patio.



�Hello, I�m the new teacher for Cutty.� The woman introduced herself to the surprised group. �Let me see, I know you already, Ninon, and you of course too, Melinda.&nbsp; How�s the practice coming along?� 



�I see you two are the daughters of this whore.� The woman continued without any shame, extending her hand to Donna�s daughters �You both look like her, but much younger and prettier.�



After the courteous handshakes, she looked down on Bridgette. �And who might you be?�



�I�m � a friend,� Bridgette said uncomfortable. �I�m Bridgette��



�Well, a friend of a whore must be a slut at least,� the woman joked as she shook Bridgette�s hand too.



Donna felt as if her world had caved in on her as she saw this whore insult her daughters and her friend. From the looks from her daughters and Bridgette, she could see they were pretty upset. Her new teacher didn�t care and just looked around the garden. She waved at the two three people who were looking behind their windows to the group sitting outside in the cold.



�Hi there, neighbor!� She said with a big smile. �Snooping in on us?�



She walked up to the high fence to the left of the house where a beat red neighbor shyly smiled back. Donna was just as surprised as the group. Her next door neighbor, Mr Templeton, had been listening in on them. Donna immediately understood the graveness of the situation. Mr Templeton would for sure tell everything to his wife who in turn would tell everyone who would want it to hear. Her life was over!



�Can I speak to you in private about a student of yours?� Ninon asked the teacher calmly as she stood up.



�Of course!� Her teacher replied as she let go of the snooping neighbor. �You just keep on listening, you might learn something.�



Donna, Ninon and the teacher walked inside.



�You go upstairs to your room, Cutty.� Ninon ordered, as she took the teacher by the hand and guided her back into the kitchen.



�Yes, Mrs. Bondain.� Donna was grateful Ninon had saved the situation. She had tactically avoided a confrontation with the neighbor and she was now finally allowed to be out of sight of her daughters and Bridgette.



Not long after that her menace walked into her room. �Sorry to keep you waiting, slut, but you�re not my only student��



Donna shivered as she imagined the scope of the cult she was trapped in. How many others were there? She only really knew about Rebecca Fowler, the lapdancer. But she just knew there were many, many more.



Her thoughts were immediately interrupted as she was roughly pulled by her hair from the bed and pushed down on her knees in front of her new mistress.



�Let�s begin the lessons, whore.� Her teacher said as she situated herself on bed in front of Donna �We have much to cover. First show me what you can do. Turn around and masturbate yourself. Pretend I�m a client and get me hot.�



Donna turned around and pushed her breasts on the ground until she felt the ribbon knot lift exposing her ass fully. She spread her legs as wide as possible and started to finger herself, actually happy to scratch her itch again. 



�The view is good, now the noise, Cutty.�



On cue, Donna started to moan softly.



�No, no, slut, that won�t do.� The teacher immediately commented. �You need to communicate, not moan.�



 �Oooh, I�m so horny!� Donna uttered as her fingers dove into her naked sex. �Ooh, I�m so hot!�



�Better,� Donna�s teacher said. �But go on, let me hear your filthy vocabulary, let yourself go, nympho!�



Donna blocked out all thoughts and focused on her act. Her fingering was no problem; her itches made sure she used both hands to dig into her holes. As for her vocabulary, she had seen enough porn by now to understand what was expected, and she shamelessly started to shout out the same perversions. The more perverted, she got the more her teacher complimented her. Apart from that, she felt an orgasm build and she didn�t fight it. No, she welcomed it, and when it came she shouted it out, knowing she was in the safe soundproof room.



�Very good!!� Her teacher commented as she stood up. �You are one hot bitch. Good material for a whore indeed. But then again, Ms. Brendan always had a keen eye for that.�



Donna breathed happily as she both enjoyed the aftermath of her orgasm and the compliments. Her sopping fingers curled around in her holes, still scratching the ever present itches.



�Now let�s close the door as we don�t need the others to hear all your screaming, right?�



Donna looked up at the open door and understood immediately everyone must have heard her obscenities. What would her daughters think of her now? What would Bridgette think? Donna started to cry in misery.&nbsp; She just couldn�t comprehend how everything she did turned around to bite her. It didn�t matter if she went along or fought back with all of her heart.



�Don�t cry, slut, you did great.� Her teacher said as she walked back to the bed. �I know now what you�re capable of and, trust me, you�ll make a great hooker. You got the looks, the moves, the stamina. You�re getting wet as only Ms. Brendan�s �girlfriends� can get; you almost sprayed your juices on me! That was a nice distance.�&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Donna knew nothing better to do than to utter a soft �Thank you, Mistress,� as she pushed herself back to the kneeling position in front of her teacher.



�Now here is how we will go about it.&nbsp; I�ll explain to you how the business works, and you�ll remember everything I say. I�ll ask questions every now and then, and you�ll better know the correct answer. I�ll inform Ninon on how well you�ve been doing and if you don�t do well, she�ll make sure you�ll do better next time.&nbsp; Apart from the fact that it means more lessons to pay for, understood, cunt?�



Donna nodded, still shaking from her tears, not knowing what else to do.



And thus began her first lesson. It actually surprised Donna that it was much more of a class than she had expected. The woman began by explaing the general way of things. The role of a whore, the role of a pimp, of a madam. She explained the different clients Donna could expect, and their advantages and disadvantages. Donna could tell this woman had done this many times before. Especially because of how she effectively answered all the questions Donna asked.



The only demeaning part was when she was forced to repeat out loud certain �laws� or �definitions� the woman told her. She had to repeat them until her teacher thought she knew them by heart. The woman asked Donna several times during the course to repeat previous rules, which Donna did to the best of her ability. Her mind still had very much difficulty with keeping up due to the lack of sleep, the exhaustion from all her orgasms, and her emotional turmoil. 



It was when she was chanting �A whore�s only boundary is the money a client wants to spend� when Ninon opened the door. �We are finished and going into town.� She notified the women.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Julie and Trixy stood behind her peeping into the room, looking at what was going on. 



�Okay, we�ll be finished soon too. I�ll call you to tell how the slut has been doing,� the teacher said. �Tell them goodbye, Cutty.�



�Goodbye, Mrs. Bondain, ��



�And?..�



�Goodby Ms. Julie.&nbsp; Goodbye Ms. Trixy,� Donna said ashamed as she looked at the three women standing in the door.



�Bye, Mom.� Trixy replied with a smile, although Donna saw she was shocked by the scenery. Julie didn�t utter a word, and just turned and walked off.



�You�ll have one hell of a lot of explaining to do to them, Cutty.� Her teacher laughed as Ninon closed the door. �What a shame for them to have such a cheap slut as their mother.�



Before Donna could break down and cry the woman called Donna to attention again. �We are not finished yet. Keep focused, cunt!�



Two hours later a tired Donna crawled into her car to go to work. Her cumm stained papers in the back seat of her car and her mind a complete mess. �But at least I have done all the paper work. I�m on track again with work� She carefully checked how to drive with her high heeled shoes first, and checked that her choker around her neck was as decent as possible. A glance in the mirror convinced her her make up was in order, showing the right image she was going for. The Ben Waa balls and her butt plug were all in order, and she finally drove off to work, away from her obscene life. For a short while at least.















No character is or was ever real. No part of the story is a fantasy of the author. No part of this story may be used or posted on a site without prior express and written permission of the author.



Copyright 2009 by Bokkey.

Story by Bokkey

e-mail: bokkey2004@yahoo.com







Chit Chat



Work was a much needed retreat from Donna�s new life, but of course only to a point. Her boss was very pleased with the work she had done at home and she enthusiastically worked Donna to keep things rolling. The experienced Mrs.&nbsp; Cullington kept up a gruesome pace that the tired Donna could barely keep up with. She constantly had to pull herself together as her weary mind wandered off, and not just from lack of sleep. 



Mrs Cullington had frowned at the stains on some papers and had even sniffed at others suspiciously. But worse was the constant itching of Donna�s filled holes, reaching unbearable heights as time passed by. That, mixed with the constant references to Ms Brendan and Mrs Carol, the choker and the high heels, repeatedly reminded her of what was happening to her. It made sure Donna�s mind wandered back to her unreal situation, ending always with shameful thoughts of what her daughters had seen today. Especially Trixy's role appalled her. And whenever she reached that point, Donna had to force herself back into the work at hand. For the merest thought of her latest escapades with her daughters made her skin pale, made her stomach to turn and felt as if her heart had been cut with a knife. It was simply too much to bear. 



Again, she left work with a pile of papers still to process. Tired as she was, Donna didn�t even bother to think how she would manage to use Julie�s computer now her daughters were back. Donna just threw everything on the backseat and quickly got into the car. She immediately scooped up her legs and fervently fingered herself to several orgasms. She was so worked up she didn�t even care that her juices sprayed all over her seat, the steering wheel and even the dashboard. She just needed to scratch her itches over and over again. The resulting unwanted orgasms at least allowed her to escape from her woes for a while. She didn�t think of anything but the warm feelings rolling through her body, the temporary relief from the itches in her holes; a private moment to feel good. 



After several orgasms, she finally cooled down. Donna adjusted her clothes, re-fitted the Ben Waa balls and the butt plug, and started the engine. She sighed a few times deeply, her mind blissfully blank. Finally she moved the car out of the parking place. It was off to the warm and comforting Spa.



And the Spa was indeed soothing. The gentle messages, the manicure, the pedicure, were all wonderful. The people even had the courtesy to ignore Donna�s whip marks, though they did deliberately used more oil to help her recovery. The Brazilian wax was by far the only painful part, and that was far less than her now �normal� whippings. Donna figured she was getting used to pain a bit too much; when she had done a Brazilian wax during her student years she had screamed bloody murder, and had vowed never to do it again. Now it just got a soft �Ouch� out of her. Of course, the free champagne helped to ease the pain too.



And they had let her sleep, albeit for a few minutes only. But the nap had really worked wonders. It felt so great to sleep without fear of waking up. Add the remarks she got from everyone, employees and guests alike, concerning her great figure and Donna felt she was in some kind of Heaven. 



She just had to admire herself in the mirrors when she was getting ready to go. �I truly am improving so much.� Donna thought as she watched her tanned body in various poses �My legs are wonderful, my feet, my hands.� she looked at her new fake finger nails, �I would have never dared to do them like this, but they do look great.� She figured as she wriggled her fingers. The fake nails weren�t that long and painted in a descent pinkish color, but it was the fact they had done them without even asking her. She didn�t want to drool on that though; there was nothing she could do about it anyway.



Facing herself in the mirror again she pushed up her sagging breasts to their �old� level, inhaled deeply and smiled. �I look hot indeed, for my age. I can be proud, I should be proud.� Donna turned around to watch herself some more from different angles. �My skin looks great, be it a little too much tan. My belly is perfect. All the places women of my age have problems with are good on me. That�s something all must agree on!� Of course she saw flaws in her body. Especially the ones pointed out by the gay doctor; the fat on her ass and on her thighs. She smiled in the mirror exposing her teeth as she thought of the doctor. The diamond smiled back at her. Donna checked her vagina and ass hole for hair. It really wasn�t growing anymore where she had been lasered. Only the hair above her vagina was still growing, and that she had shaved off as instructed. She had to admit she liked the hair removal; it gave her more confidence to show off her intimate parts. Finally, she took one long, last admiring look at herself until she couldn�t postpone her trip home any longer.



Arriving at her house she saw the lights on, but Ninon�s car was not in the driveway. She wondered where Ninon was as she walked up to her house. Also she felt nervous and started to feel bad again. She was tired and she feared facing her daughters, especially now that Ninon didn�t seem to be around. She didn�t know how to behave, how to act, without Ninon to instruct her or to give strict guidelines.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



�Hello mom!.� Trixy enthusiastically shouted from the living room as Donna entered. She was watching television, some comic series.



�Hello Ms Trixy.� Donna replied as she quickly stumbled up the stairs with her bag full of papers. She walked up to Julie�s room and was glad to see she wasn�t there. She placed the papers next to the computer and looked around. She had cleaned the room to the best of her abilities, but Julie had not really used it. She saw the closet open and understood Julie had gone out. Donna knew this should worry her, but instead she felt an enormous relief. Facing Julie was something she could do without right now, tired as she was. And if Julie went out and partied she at least had a good time, which could only improve her dark mood.



Next Donna went to her own bedroom to change. What she feared had indeed been done. Ninon had laid out another skimpy outfit for her to wear for the night. This time an actually beautiful combination of white lingerie; white soft pumps with a plush ball on top, warm white silk stockings, together with a lace garter belt. A very small white thong, for which Donna was grateful, and at last a very nice but all too sexy babydoll. No bra. Donna shook her head in dismay but figured it could have been worse. 



�Mom, I�m hungry!� Trixy shouted as Donna was about to sneak into Julie�s room. She had hoped to finish her work before Julie would be back. 



Donna watched the clock in the hall and noticed it was already close to ten. 



�The poor kid must be starving!� Donna told herself, as she remembered her motherly duties. 



�I�ll make you something quick!� Donna replied as she hurried down the stairs into the kitchen. She quickly grabbed some food to cook and was soon busy like in the good old days. In no time she had a warm meal ready and proudly called Trixy to come and eat. �Trixy! Dinner is ready!�



�Smells nice.� Trixy said as she walked into the kitchen �And you look nice too, mom.�



Donna blushed bright red as she suddenly remembered what she was wearing. �Thank you, Ms Trixy.� 



�You didn�t call me Ms Trixy just now, when you called me.� Trixy remarked as she sat down �Why?�



Donna was perplexed by her daughter�s question and didn�t know how to answer. Addressing of her daughters with Ms was something she was ordered to do as per Ms Brendan�s new rules. It was weird and difficult to do with her friends and her daughters. And now Trixy sort of demanded it, as if it was the most ordinary thing her mother could do. She adapted all too well to the new Donna.&nbsp; 



�Do you like the clothing Ninon and I choose for you?� Trixy asked as she started to eat the hot meal served.



Donna sat down opposite of her daughter and looked at her quizzically. How could she be so normal about this? Didn�t she know how wrong this was?



�Well, mom?� Trixy pressed on as she gulped down another bite �The food is good by the way.�



�Thank you, Ms Trixy.� Donna replied as she started to eat herself. It was best to ignore Trixy�s remarks. �I�ve done my best to cook something nice for us.�



Trixy didn�t seem to care that her mother avoided the stinging questions as she gulped down her meal, chatting about the shopping trip they had with Ninon. Donna was jealous when she heard of all the fun they had. It should have been her instead of Ninon. They were her daughters, and she had always loved to go shopping with them. But, to have a normal conversation with her daughter was already something special nowadays and therefore she wasn�t going to complain. Instead, Donna just listened intently as her daughter explained everything they bought from the new collections, the colors and how well it all fitted. Donna loved the sense of normality.



�Mom,� Trixy said when she finished the desert Donna had fetched for her. �Enough of the chit chat. We have to talk eye to eye about you, the new you.�



And with that Donna was abruptly brought back to her predicament �What do you mean� Ms Trixy?� She asked suspiciously.



�Exactly.� Trixy replied �You calling me �Ms Trixy�, Julie is suddenly �Ms Julie�, you dressing up in ridiculous ways, acting out sexual fantasies. Ones I can�t even dream up yet!�



�I�m sorry Ms Trixy.� Donna apologized.



�No, no, don�t apologize.� Trixy said hastily �I don�t mind it that much. Not as much as Julie anyway. But what I do mind is that we only talk about it when we�re with the psychiatrist. So I want to talk about it right now, just you and me.� 



Donna didn�t want to talk about the new her at all �Let�s talk about school Ms Trixy. That is much more important and I have no idea what you all are up to right now.�



�That�s because you are out all the time, living out your slut dreams. Do you cheat on dad?�



�No, Ms Trixy, of course not.� Donna replied annoyed �But about school��



�Let�s leave school till later. It�s still vacation time anyway. Right now I want to know why you are dressed in that sexy babydoll?� Trixy interrupted her.



�I..I.. I thought Ninon � Mrs Bondain, had laid it ready for me.� Donna fumbled.



�So you wear everything Ninon lays ready for you?� Trixy questioned �That�s sick.�



�No, it is just�� Donna�s head was reeling; she didn�t know what to say.



�Let me make it easier for you�� Trixy said as she smiled evilly �STAND UP!�



The loud unexpected command made Donna jump, and before she knew it she was indeed standing.



�And now you stand�� Trixy said satisfied �You are really weak in the mind right now, aren�t you mother?�



�Yes, yes � Ms Trixy .� Donna replied as she bowed her head in shame. Tears welled up in her eyes out of sheer humiliation. She quickly sat down again to show she still had a mind of her own. She had surprised even herself by standing up.



�Ninon has explained a lot to me.� Trixy went on �She has been much more forward with what has been happening than you. Of course that is because she is the dominatrix in your relationship with her. Or, as she prefers, your personal trainer.�



�Ms Trixy�� 



�What we are really worried about is dad.� Trixy continued ignoring her mother�s plight �How will you ever explain it to him? He�s been working his butt off in far away Asia, and you have been living out your sick fantasies behind his back. Julie and I are really scared you�re ruining everything.�



�He doesn�t deserve this, you know.� Trixy said, looking angrily at her mother.



�I know� Ms Trixy.� Donna said ashamed. Those were her exact feelings too. �But I � can�t fight it.�



And that was true too. Be it differently than her daughter thought.



�Well, you�re trying.� Trixy replied �The weird psychiatrist is an effort. Though we don�t feel it is helping, you know.�



�I can�t work it out alone, Ms Trixy.� Donna said truthfully, but inwardly she was totally agreeing with her daughter. The psychiatrist wasn�t helping her and yet it was all she had as help for now. And wasn�t a psychiatrist by oath bound to help her patients?



�I know; you�re weak.� Trixy said. �Very weak. What made you go over the edge mom? I�m curious.�



Donna sighed �I don�t know really, just one thing led to another��



�Forgetting something again?� 



�Ms Trixy��



Donna hated how her daughter treated her. Even her fourteen year old daughter now seemed more powerful than she was.



Trixy stood up and walked around the table towards her mother.



�Julie really hates you right now.� Trixy explained �She despises you, and what you did to her room wasn�t nice.�



�I�m sorry, Ms Trixy.�



�Oh, don�t apologize to me. Apologize to her when she�s back. If she comes back.� Trixy said.



�Where is she, Ms Trixy?� Donna asked, realizing she had only been happy she wasn�t in yet. Now she started to worry.



�With friends I guess.� Trixy replied, now standing very close to Donna �But that is not my concern, now is it?�



Donna felt that remark cut through her heart. She indeed should know where her daughter was right now, yet she didn�t have a clue.



�Look at me, mom.� Trixy said. She looked intently into her mother�s eyes �Are you a slut?�



�Yes, Ms Trixy.� Donna said as she looked down. She had to play along, but it was really hard to keep herself together and not tell what was really going on.



�Keep looking at me, mom.� Trixy instructed. 



She was up to something, and Donna feared the worse. Yet she did look back into her daughter�s eyes. What else could she do?



Her daughter slowly pulled down the babydoll.



�No, please, � � Donna whimpered, unable to really object. Her hands limp next to her body.



�No please what �?� Trixy said as she casually refitted the babydoll underneath Donna�s breasts.



��Ms Trixy. Please don�t do this Ms Trixy.� Donna begged. Her breasts were bare now; this was so wrong!



�Mother, don�t you worry. I am just trying to see how far I can go with you. How far you�ll allow me to go. And just remember; when you misbehave I�ll tell Ninon. And you don�t want to displease her, right?�



�It is wrong, so wrong Ms Trixy.� Donna tried.



�It is wrong what you are doing, mother. It is wrong what you are thinking of right now.� Trixy replied, still keeping eye contact as her hands softly brushed the breasts and nipples of her mother. �Look how they are getting hard already. And �� Her hand went down to Donna�s vagina and softly stroked over her mother�s lips. �� you are filthy wet!�



�It is the stupid Ben Waa balls I must carry. � Donna explained ashamed �It is not what you think.� 



Trixy smacked her mother hard on her face: SLAP!



�I�m getting tired of you forgetting to address your daughter properly.�



�I�m sorry, Ms Trixy, I�m sorry.� Donna said. The slap surprising her more than it had hurt. Was Trixy allowed to hit her, shouldn�t she reprimand her daughter now? Will she get angry if she does and go tell Ninon, or even worse, her dad?



Trixy stepped back. �As I said mother, I�m just trying to see how far I can go. And it�s true: you don�t have any boundaries anymore.�



�I� I know, I know Ms Trixy.� Donna replied softly �It�s horrible, but I can�t help it��



The moment to react was gone. She actually had let her daughter hit her for no good reason. Horrible, Donna knew, from now on she had lost all control over her daughter. 



�Stop crying, mother.� Trixy said as she walked to the kitchen sink to get herself a drink �I just wanted to see what you�re capable of, remember?&nbsp; And you don�t need to be afraid. I�m here to help you.�



Donna sniffed, trying to stop her emotional outburst. Trixy meanwhile pored herself a cold drink and turned to look at her mother.



�I can be mean and selfish in this. Me and Julie, we could tell dad, we could tell the whole bloody family, have them kick you out. They will lovingly take care of us, no doubt. As for you, you�ll get what you deserve; you can figure out what that will be. But we won�t do that. I�ll convince Julie not to do so, we both, you and I, will. Right, mom?�



Trixy walked up to Donna and offered her the drink �Let me explain. I am not as mad as Julie. I see your act more as your liberation. You finally succumbed to your inner slut, whore if you prefer. It was just waiting to come out, and it happened a bit late for you. I mean after being married and all. But like Tina explained to me when the first symptoms arose, it was bound to happen sometime. All I can do as your loving daughter is to help you and that is what I intend to do.�



Donna took a few gulps from the offered drink to calm down as she listened to her daughter�s ridiculous explanation. And again this Tina girl that seemed to know so much about these things. Too much.



�Give me the drink, mother.� Trixy said �And stand up.�



Donna stood up as she gave the glass back to her daughter.



�Jump twice for me.�



Donna hopped twice. She now understood that she was broken. There was no will left to fight.&nbsp; 



�Three times. Higher this time.�



Donna jumped three times, higher, her breast flopping up and down.&nbsp; 



�Now one time.�



Donna jumped one time, crying as she faced her daughter humiliating her.



�No crying! Now bend over, legs straight, fingers touching the ground.�



Donna did, her training making it easy for her to do so. As she stood like this Trixy walked past her and positioned herself behind her mother. Ashamed Donna understood what a perverted view her daughter now had of her ass and her vagina, together with the soaked g-string.



�You know what is going to happen now. Thank me politely after each one.�



SMACK. Trixy�s hand landed hard on Donna�s exposed ass.



�Thank you, Ms Trixy!�



Donna tried hard not to die from humiliation. How long would Trixy keep on humiliating her? She speaks about helping her and the next moment her daughter pushes her even deeper into the gutter.



SMACK



�Thank you, Ms Trixy!�



Donna knew she had to pull herself together. This could not be happening. She had to do something!



SMACK



�Thank you, Ms Trixy!�



�Now stand up, mother, and listen good.� Trixy instructed her confused mother. �We will help you both in hiding your true self from dad and anyone that can cause problems, as well as help you indulge in your fantasies. I�ll help you in your training. Now climb up on the table and squat facing me.� 



Another outrageous instruction following her words of support. Her daughter held all the cards, and the way she played them scared Donna. She knew if she angered Trixy now that things would turn ugly. Yet Donna also understood Ninon was manipulating Trixy. Her daughter was drawn into this fa�ade with lies and false assumptions.



But still the confused Donna climbed upon the kitchen table, knowing all too well another humiliating treatment was about to follow. Donna moved about to sit on her heels on the table. Her legs spread, showing off her body to her own daughter, or better, offering her body to her. If someone would come in right now they would for sure lock her up! Somehow she wished that would happen. Wished the whole scheme would just blow up and be over.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



�The difficult one is going to be Julie.� Trixy said as she checked out her mother. �But I will talk to her, and you will spoil her, us, with everything you got. As long as Julie is kept happy with clothing, more freedom, praises, the works, she won�t bother too much with you. Next problem is dad. We will keep dad away from you as much as possible whenever he is around. That should give you enough time to come to your senses, or to better hide your sick behavior.� 



Trixy gave her mother a loving kiss on the cheek �You�ll see, it will all be alright.�



Donna smiled through her tears, happy for the gentle gesture. �Thank you, Ms Trixy.� She said honestly.



But her feelings turned to horror as her daughter started to feel up her body. Touching and caressing her everywhere.



�Smile, slut.� Trixy said softly and Donna tried to comply.



�Don�t you know how wrong it is to behave like this? I mean a woman should have self worth. A woman should be in control of her own lusts at least in public.� Trixy asked teasingly.



�I� I am ashamed, Ms Trixy�� Donna answered, feeling her daughter�s hand stroking her nipples, making them hard no matter how hard she tried to fight it. 



�It must be the rigorous training, the constant sex, that makes my body react like this.� Donna told herself as she looked at her daughter�s hands groping her gently. �And she is far too good in touching me.� 



Trixy laughed loud as she saw her mother�s shame �You can give me a hug mother.�



Donna gave her daughter an awkward hug, not wanting to give any wrong messages. The hug was returned lovingly by Trixy and Donna held her precious daughter for the longest time. It was all too sick to be true, but somehow the love of her daughter for her still shone through it all. It was more than she had hoped for.



�Ok, ok� Trixy said as she broke off the hug �Let�s get back to me, your daughter, feeling you up.�



Donna cringed at this, but a stern look from her daughter made her offer her body once again.



�Good, slut!� Approved Trixy, as she started to caress her mother again. ��You know this is so weird for me. I am feeling up my mother, my own mother!�



Her hands travelled to her mother�s vagina again. She was obviously mesmerized by the way it was wet. �Don�t you feel odd too?�

��Yes� Ms Trixy � I feel odd too�� Donna replied truthfully.



�But you�re hot anyways huh mom?� Trixy�s finger played with her mother�s clit as she said so.



The fingering from her daughter caused Donna�s vagina to react. And it reacted vigorously. Her itch flared up, and her vagina started to produce juices immediately. Donna hated the uncontrollable physical reaction.



�Well?�



�Yes� Yes Ms Trixy, I�m hot.� There was no need to deny it. But how Donna wished Trixy would stop!



�Doesn�t it feel deliciously wrong to be fingered by your own daughter, unable to do anything about it? �



�Yes, Ms Trixy��Donna lied 



�� Please stop?� She tried to say.



Trixy smiled and shushed her mother as she continued her fingering. Worse, she turned to stroking her lips, her clit ever so gently, hardly touching her. It made Donna�s vagina go wild. She felt as if it was spasming wildly, and wondered if her daughter could see it do so. She was looking at her with a smile the whole time. Donna just cursed her situation. She didn�t want to succumb to her desires, not with her daughter.



Suddenly her daughter stopped �Now tell me what you are planning to do over the next few days.�



Donna didn�t want to tell her about her schedule, but again, she couldn�t refuse either. And she was relieved her daughter had stopped, even though her itches were awakened again and she now needed scratching badly.



�Tomorrow I will have my first lap dance lesson� � Donna started.



�Be polite!� Trixy warned. 



�Sorry, Ms Trixy� Tomorrow I have my first lap dance lesson, Ms Trixy �� 



�That is sooo cool!� Trixy said as she sat down to listen �Dad will love it when you dance for him!�



Donna smiled cheaply, knowing Robert would not be the only one benefitting from it, if at all. �I�ll have to go to work in the afternoon, and after that I have the gym. During the weekend��



�Nothing to do at night?� Trixy interrupted.



Donna squirmed. �At night I �, well usually I am being trained by Mrs Bondain, and I catch up with my work, Ms Trixy.�



Trixy smiled and shook her head in disbelief. She was enjoying the situation but obviously couldn�t believe what her mom had become �Mom, talking about your training, I know it is gross� and I know I shouldn�t ask you, but still I�m just curious� masturbate for me while you tell me all you do. All you have to do.�



�No! Please no, Ms Trixy!� Donna begged �That is too much, too filthy, not in front of you!�



�Mom!� Trixy said sternly and that was all she needed to say to silence Donna.



Slowly Donna�s right hand moved to her itching vagina. �I shouldn�t do this! But if I don�t� If Trixy gets angry, if she joins Julie in her hatred for me� All will fall apart� 



With that thought she forced herself to comply. And her vagina already itched so terribly, it was impossible for Donna to stop now. Thus she succumbed to her vile situation and started to rub her vagina. Feeling at first a sense of relief as she could at least scratch herself.



�Look at me and start talking.� Trixy said with an evil smile �It�ll make it easier for you too.�



�I� I am leashed�� Donna started ��Usually she � Mrs Bondain starts with whipping me for the mistakes I have made during the day.�



Her fingers pushed aside the soaked panty and plunged into her wet hole. She rubbed herself harder and harder, damning her actions, yet figuring there was no sense in holding back. She might as well get it over with and give herself a good scratch too. 



�� After that she usually forces me to � dildo myself to several � orgasms�.�



The room started to fill with the rhythmical sopping noises. Donna used her other hand to twist and turn the plug in her ass as the itch there flared up too.



�� She instructs me how to show myself as I do � so. Next � hmpf � she � tells me usually to suck her vagina � I need to do&nbsp; �hmpf .. so in a special way that she � likes��



Actually it was the way Ms Brendan liked, but Donna knew her daughter better not know the real evil behind it all. Ms Brendan for sure wouldn�t like that, and she would hit back hard�



�� After I have .. given her several orgasms � we usually go through my chores � go on the internet � or � tell her in detail the � filth I did during the � day.�



Donna felt her own orgasm come up, finally, and she started to rub frantically. She amazed herself how fast she could get off now.



�STOP!!� Trixy shouted. �Pull out your fingers, hands up!�



Donna looked begging at her daughter as she tried to comply. She had almost relieved herself. Why wasn�t she allowed to do so, wasn�t it shameful enough?



Trixy meanwhile giggled wildly as she looked at her mother. �I�m sorry mom, but you should have seen your face, priceless!�



�Now lick your fingers�� She told her mother as she saw that she was calming down.



Donna licked her fingers. As she did she thought back on how often she had done this lately. It didn�t feel particularly embarrassing anymore.



�� and continue. Don�t forget to keep on telling me your actions!�



Donna smiled submissively at her daughter as she pushed her fingers into her slit again. She wanted to get off quickly, get out of this situation.&nbsp; 



�I.. I � she tried to recall where she was �Saturday I have no real plans; � Ms Trixy � I�ll just get up� dress up � and � clean the house � buy groceries��



At that time her orgasm hit Donna hard and her vagina started to squirt unceremoniously. She sprayed several large streams of cum through the kitchen, almost hitting her daughter who jumped up off her chair just in time.



�WOW!� her daughter said �That was one hell of an orgasm!�



She walked up to her mother who was still stroking her vagina, scratching her itches, as she was enjoying the heights of her orgasm. Trixy gently laid her hand on the cheek of her mother. �And what does mummy-slut say to her generous daughter?�



�Thank you � Ms Trixy.�Donna said, exhaustedly, absent. 



Slowly her mind started to come back, and she began to understand how low she had behaved once again. How impossible her situation had become.



�And now, time to get you ready for the night, slut!�



Donna smiled wearily still squatting on the table. Trixy walked out of the kitchen and returned with a collar and a leash �Ninon gave these to me.�



Donna just let her daughter fasten the leash to the collar. If Ninon gave her those, it was impossible to fight it. And she felt so low already, this insult didn�t really matter to her.&nbsp; 



�Just to keep you in line.� Trixy teased meanwhile �Come.�



Donna was pulled off the table and she followed her daughter, leashed, up the stairs to Julie�s room.



�You still have work to do, and Ninon told me you needed to update your journal too.� Trixy explained as she led her mother inside Julie�s room �And I have to buckle you up for the night.�

With that she fastened the dog leash to Julie�s desk, and rolled the horrible fucking machine into place. Donna watched with dread as she understood she was in for another long night. At the same time she understood her daughter now knew about her diary too; but would they give her access to it too? Wouldn�t that reveal Ms Brendan?



Trixy unscrewed the dildo�s and replaced them with bigger ones. �Your holes still need to be stretched some more I understood?�



�Yes, Ms Trixy.� Donna answered when she noticed Trixy expected an answer. What else could she say?



�I�ll put extra of your special gel on them, so it is not hurting too much.� Trixy said soothingly �And put the jar within your reach if you need more.�



When she was finished coating the new dildo�s Trixy took her mother�s hand �Come, let�s go. Take out the butt plug and the balls.�



Donna did so, and felt a wave of humiliation go through her as she laid the items on Julie�s desk. It was disgusting to see the dirty sex toys in plain view. Her daughter really had seen it all now. 



Trixy positioned Donna in front of the machine, and gently pushed the large dildos into Donna�s holes. They easily slid in thanks to the lubricant, but Donna did feel that they were bigger. It was going to be tougher than the previous night.



Trixy fastened the strap holding her to the machine and looked at the result. Her mother was again slightly bent over, just like yesterday. She turned on the machine to see the result. Soon the rhythmical sopping noise of two dildos pumping into her filled the air.



�Comfy?� Trixy asked.



�Yes, Ms Trixy.� Donna lied. It wasn�t comfortable at all, but it was obvious she would never be �comfy� with dildos so big. She just wanted her daughter to leave.



�Okay, you�ve got your papers, the computer is on,� Trixy said as she turned on the computer � I think you�re all set for the night. I�m going to watch some movies downstairs, so please don�t disturb me, okay mom?�



�Yes, Ms Trixy.� Donna replied, eager to be left alone in her own little Hell.



�Oh, I almost forgot.� Trixy said as she ran out of the room down the stairs.



She came back with Lenny. 



�Open up� she instructed and stuck the large black dildo in her mother�s mouth �Don�t let it fall or you will be punished.�



�Mmm, mmm� was all Donna could reply. Most of the enormously dildo still stuck out, and it made it even harder for Donna to see the computer screen, let alone work with it. But again, she had no choice.



�Okay, nighty, nighty mother!� Trixy said lovingly as she turned off the light, leaving a fully embarrassed Donna looking at her as she left.



Left alone Donna took a few long minutes to fully grasp her situation. All that has happened with her daughter flashed before her eyes, up to her current ridiculous state. It was even a lot worse than yesterday. Would Ninon get Trixie even more involved?&nbsp; Would all this ever end? 



It was impossible to hold Lenny in her mouth. The heavy large dildo was just too big. She gently placed it on Julie�s desk, careful not to let it fall. She listened carefully to hear if Trixy came back so she could put it back in her mouth but her daughter was busy downstairs.



Relieved of the dildo, Donna started to work again, as the machine steadily humped into her holes. From yesterday she had learned that it was impossible to fight the machine, and so she humped back, making sure she scratched herself and got off. If you can�t beat them, join them.



Just when she kind of was at ease she suddenly heard weird noises from downstairs. She listened better and soon understood it was indeed sex noises. Her daughter was watching some sex movie! Worse, Donna heard her talking on the phone too! Her motherly responsibilities flared up once again. She could make a fool of herself, but her daughter should behave! 



Pure frustration was creeping up on her. It was impossible to enjoy the machine anymore. She wanted to scream to her daughter to at least mute the movie, but at the same time knew she couldn�t: her daughter expected her to have Lenny in her mouth and she didn�t want to anger her. Making her angry would only lead her farther astray. Also she doubted Trixy would hear her anyway. 



Out of pure hopelessness Donna convinced herself it was probably Ninon she was talking to. And Ninon knew of everything already, probably even encouraged Trixy to watch porn movies to see if she would take Lenny out of her mouth and react. But at least it wasn�t some girlfriend who would sooner or later tell her friends or her parents what Trixy is doing at night. 



She forced her mind to embrace that thought even though she knew it was not true. But once in her mind she at least could go back to work without worry. And she needed to finish the work, needed to update her journal. If not her stack of problems would only grow, and they were already piled up way too high. 



A more frustrated than ever Donna focused on her assignments. She blocked out the porn movie noises coming from below as much as possible. She allowed herself to cum without boundaries or shame, and to blank her mind as the dildos incessantly scratched her itches. In the rare times her mind could focus she scrambled through her work to get it all done. 



How she hated herself!!&nbsp; 



















Meeting the lapdance teacher

�Mom��

�Mom��

�MOM!!�

Slowly Donna opened her eyes and looked around in a daze �What� what�s going on�?�

�What�s �cumming� on is more like it!� Trixy laughed as she overlooked her mother�s state.

Donna tried to recuperate but she had not yet recovered from the latest orgasm she just had. She tried to move around noticing she was still strapped to the horrible machine.

�You�ve made quite the mess again!� Trixy remarked.

She unstrapped her confused mother and helped her off the still pistoning machine. With disgusting pops the dildos came out, followed by an embarrassing flow of gel blobs which splattered on the carpet below.

�Oh Well, it was ruined anyway.� Trixy said as she steadied her mother. �Are you finished with everything?�

Donna was still not able to answer. She stood leaning on the computer table with quivering legs, not really comprehending what was going on or where she was.

�You didn�t really sleep, did you Mom?� Trixy noted as she hauled the machine away �Bet you have never had a night like this before!�

Donna recalled the night vaguely. She had been fucked merciless all night. Her holes were sore and felt stretched out. She could feel cool air running inside them.

�Did you finish your work?�

The questions just kept on coming but Donna was unable to answer. Work, she indeed had work to do, but had she done it, had she finished? Donna focuses on the computer screen. It was a mixture of work and porn. She saw her on line diary was open too.

She vaguely remembered she had halfway through the night decided to fix her diary to at least finish something. And at a point in the night she had remembered a rule about her having to watch porn. Nothing was completed in the end. 

Had she been dead tired yesterday, today she was exhausted. She hadn�t slept at all. She felt cramps in her legs from the impossible position she had been forced in all the time. And the pain in her vagina and ass was awful. 

�Let�s get you washed up and ready for the day, shall we?�

Donna tried a humble smile to her daughter. She could use a bath. 

�I have never had so much orgasms in my life.� She thought �And I didn�t even enjoy them; it was just my body reacting to the constant stimuli. It was an exhausting painful torture. I feel pains in places I didn�t even knew I had muscles! And my body tingles all over and is covered in sweat��

�Come on�� 

Donna felt the embarrassing tug of the leash on her collar and followed its lead. They went through the corridor to her room.

�Be quiet, Julie is still sleeping.� Trixy warned as she quietly opened the door to the master bedroom and pulled her mother inside.

Donna saw Julie sleeping partially dressed. She obviously had been partying and was out cold. Donna was relieved; at least Julie wouldn�t wake up anytime soon.

�She came home late, drunk�� Trixy whispered as they passed the bed. �Very drunk��

She always told on her older sister as younger sisters usually do. Trixy obviously expected a remark from her mother but Donna kept silent.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Annoyed by the lack of response she pulled Donna inside the cold bathroom. Donna automatically started to undress and fetched her enema. 

Trixy looked on:�I always wondered how an enema was done, mom.� 

The tired Donna just smiled wearily as she filled the enema bag with warm water. She also started the warm shower too so the cold would go away.

On automated pilot she bent over en stuck the enema in her asshole, letting the warm liquid flow into her. The warmth was wonderful.

Trixy bend down next to her mother�s face �How does it feel?� she asked curiously.

�At first it is a bit strange�� Donna mumbled �But you get used to it��

�Rules, mom.�

�Sorry, Ms. Trixy.� Donna replied wearily. She really didn�t care about anything right now, let alone the stupid rules.

�Better� Trixy said as she raised herself to inspect the tube going into her mother�s ass.

�While the enema cleans your inside we should further discuss today�s activities.� She continued �I feel we, Julie and I, deserve some special gifts and therefore I find you should give us your credit card. Yesterday we saw some new collections but we only could buy the cheapest items. We want some of the more expensive ones too. Don't you agree?�

�Ok, Ms. Trixy.� Donna replied humbly. 

�It will make Julie feel good too, though she might max it out just for spite. But you won�t mind, will you, Mother?�

�No, Ms. Trixy�� Donna wanted to say something completely different. The last thing she could use right now was a maxed out credit card. But she was just too exhausted to start a fight.

�Yesterday with Ninon was fun, but I do miss the shopping trips with Ms. Brendan. You think she will take us out again sometime soon?�

�I..I don�t know, Ms. Trixy.�

�You can�t ask her, mom?� Trixy pressed on �She has a keen eye for luxury, and knows the best restaurants. And her driver is so cool.�

�I�I can ask�, Ms. Trixy.� 

�Oh, I would love that!� Trixy said �And just wait till you see what clothes we�ll be buying today. I saw the most hottest pair of shoes!�

As Trixy excitedly went on to fantasize about all things she and her sister would buy, Donna dozed off while waiting for the enema to clean her inside. She woke up when she was lifted up onto the toilet in order to let her bowels empty.

The humiliating sound and smell made her twinge.

�Eeeooo, that�s disgusting!� Trixy said �Next time I won�t help you with that anymore. You can do that on your own�

�I�m sorry, Ms. Trixy.� Donna said, wondering if Trixy really thought she was helping. 

She flushed as quickly as possible, as Trixy sprayed the room with air-freshener. Next she whiped her ass clean, and jumped under the shower. The warm water soothed her battered body.

�I�ll go and sort something out for you to wear.� Trixy said, wanting to leave the room as fast as possible.

�Thank you, Ms. Trixy.� Donna answered, grateful to be alone finally.

The warm water felt wonderful, but she knew she couldn�t stay too long; she had to finish work, get breakfast ready and fix up her diary, all before her dancing lessons would start. And she didn�t even know what time that would be!

Nervous because of all the things to do she quickly stepped out of the shower, dried herself and dragged herself into her bedroom. There, Trixy was busy going through her wardrobe, which was now full of skimpy outfits. Trixy had obviously had a blast as she had checked out the too short skirts the ridiculous t-shirts, blouses, the strings, the push-up bra�s. Donna didn�t remember having bought those items. 

�Ah, there you are!� Trixy said excitedly. �I was thinking something very short, very revealing, since you�ll be lap dancing later on.�

Donna looked miserable at the clothes Trixy already had selected. They were laid on the bed, around the passed out Julie.

�Oh, look, put this on!� Trixy said as she held up a very small string. She threw it to Donna, who fumbled wearily to catch it. �I didn�t knew so many words could be placed on such a small fabric!�

In tiny letters the text �Love to Fuck� was woven right over her pussy. 

�That must be made especially for lap dancers; you can only read it when you�re up really close.� Trixy said, trying to humiliate her mother.

Donna smiled, not knowing what else to do, and pulled the string on. 

�Now what skirt would go with that string�� Trixy said as she looked at the once she collected on the bed.

�Here, try that on.� Trixy pointed to a short cut off T-shirt stating �Private Dancer� �And use that bra.�

Donna meekly fit the push-up bra on and then pulled the T-shirt on. The combination made her breast pop out.

�Naah� , Trixy stated �Too ordinary�

She made Donna try on several other barely-there outfitsuntil she finally decided on a short blue see-through dress which ended just below Donna's ass. It looked more like a night gown than a dress but Donna couldn�t complain.

�There, now for the legs and feet, and then you can go and do your make up.�

Another short fashion show showing of her new sets of clothing took place until Trixy finally decided on blue stockings and some see through high heeled pumps.

�Now you look perfect!� Trixy said as she guided her mother to the long mirror in the room.

Donna looked at herself and at the bed with the clothing and Julie snoring in the middle of it. She flooded again with guilty feelings of what she was doing. Here was her daughter dressing her as a slut, while her other daughter was passed out from an overdosis of alcohol. It was so wrong!

�Now you just put on the correct make up while I take a shower. I want some scrambled eggs for breakfast, can you do that for me mom?�

�Yes, mrs Trixy� Donna said as she gave herself a last glance. She looked so awkward for the early morning�

Trixy was almost finished eating when Julie stumbled into the kitchen. She was obviously in a bad mood and gave her mother a disgusting look as she sat down at the table.

�Mother has outdone herself for us.� Trixy said cheerfully as she gulped down her last egg-sandwich. She gave Donna a wink to assure her she was going to get Julie to go along with the masquerade. �And she promised me she would make sure Ms. Brendan would go shopping with us soon.�

�Great.� Julie replied uninterested. She clumsily fetched some ham and eggs and started to eat.

�She even gave us her credit card.� Trixy continued, as she waved her mother�s gold card. �Guess where we�ll be going after breakfast?�

Julie�s eyes lit up a bit.

�Thought that would get your attention.� Trixy said. �Mom, some more tea please?�

Donna quickly fetched the tea and poured Trixy a fresh cup of tea. 

�And sugar? Two spoons��

�Yes, Ms. Trixy.� Donna said as she followed her daughters instructions.

�It has its advantages.� Trixy said to Julie �You want some tea too?�

Julie looked her mother up and down, ending in another disgusting look.

Donna didn�t know how to act. She completely agreed with the look she got from her daughter. How could she be dressed like this in front of them. How could she act like she did? 

�Want some, Ms. Julie?� She tried meekly.

�Come on Julie.� Trixy encourage her sister �It�s warm and it will do you good.�

With a grunt Julie nodded her head and Donna quickly poured her daughter a warm tea.

�Give her some sausages, Mom.� Trixy instructed.

�Yes, Ms. Trixy.� Donna quickly went around the table in her ridiculous dress and grabbed the sausages. �Here you are Ms. Julie.�

Julie gave her mother another killing look, but accepted the sausages and silently ate them.

Trixy meanwhile kept on talking cheerfully as she ordered her mother around. She enjoyed her new Mom. And she made sure her mother lived the part for Julie too. 

Donna did her best to �behave� as she served her daughter�s their breakfast, but she saw Julie�s mood getting worse. Unfortunately Trixy kept on challenging her, pushing her to talk to Julie, ask her if she wanted something more, if the eggs were salty enough, etc. 

After half an hour Julie had reached her boiling point:�Fuck you, Mom!� Julie said after another humble �Ms. Julie�. She threw down her fork and knife and barged out of the kitchen.

Trixy just laughed it off �Don�t worry mom, I�ll get her out of the house. Some shopping will do her good!�

Donna smiled unsure if this was a good thing. She felt totally embarrassed and didn�t know what to do next. And the prospect of an angry daughter shopping with her credit card wasn�t good either.

�Thank you, Ms. Trixy.� Donna said anyway.

�Anything for my 'slut mommy'.� Trixy winked at Donna and gave her a hard slap on the ass.

Donna yelped but stayed put. �Normally I would have punished her for this.� Went through her mind �Normally she wouldn�t even think of smacking my ass�� she corrected herself wearily. Knowing she had brought this behavior of her daughter on herself.

�No thanks?� Trixy said as she turned in the doorway.

�Thank you, Ms. Trixy.� Donna said as tears welled up in her eyes from pure embarrassment.

It took some time for Donna to get herself together again, but eventually she started to clean the kitchen. There was so much to do still. And she also felt her ever present itch returning with a vengeance. She needed to be distracted of that. 

Just when she wrapped up the kitchen Trixy and Julie stumbled down the stairs.

�We�re off!� Trixy shouted as they went outside.

�Have fun!� Donna shouted back relieved they were gone.

As she turned to finish up Trixy�s head appeared through the doorway. �Have fun ��

Donna smiled embarrassed �Have fun Ms. Trixy and Ms. Julie.� She corrected herself.

�This is sooo great!� Trixy said to Julie as she ran outside, finally leaving her mother alone.

Left alone Donna hurried through her normal chores after which she reluctantly walked upstairs to face the mess in Julie�s room again. As she was gathering up her belongings her cell rang.

�Hello Cutty, how are you?� Ms. Bondain asked.

�I�m ok, Ms. Bondain.� Donna replied �Just a little bit tired��

�I can�t understand why.� Ms. Bondain said with a serious tone �Trixy told me just now you did not updated your diary, did not finish your work and made a mess of Julie�s room! And above all that you angered Julie with you clumsy behavior. What is wrong with you?�

Donna felt her tears well up again. This was so unfair! �I tried my best�� She started.

�Obviously that is not good enough!� Ms. Bondain interrupted. �I expect much more from you. I don�t want to report any more misbehavior to Ms. Brendan. She has done so much for you! And if you want her to treat your daughters right you better step up!�

Another serious threat Donna understood. And so unjust! �I am doing my best Ms. Bondain. Please understand, it is all so much. I am exhausted, I haven�t slept good in days. I am following the rules. Julie is just rebellious, she doesn�t like the new me. Please, please Ms. Bondain, please don�t do anything to my daughters!�

�I was just referring to the shopping date with Ms. Brendan Trixy wants so badly. I don�t have a clue what you are referring to.� Ms. Bondain replied �However, you better improve. You have dance lessons today; don�t screw that up. I�ll expect a perfect report from your teacher.�

�Yes Ms. Bondain, I will be at my best.� Donna agreed.

�There, that�s all I wanted to hear, Cutty.� Ms. Bondain said �Talk to you later.�

The line was abruptly cut off and Donna felt her stomach churn. They were somehow unhappy with her and this was a clear threat towards her daughters! Things were only getting worse.

With renewed motivation she cleaned up the smelling room and worked next on her diary. Once finished with her narration of how she loved everything happening to her she continued finishing up the report for her work. She had no time to feel tired. She had to finish all for her daughters' sake. 

And on top of it all it seemed her pussy and asshole were on fire. Somehow the whole night of buggering had not helped at all. No, on the contrary, it had made matters worse. Both her holes were on fire, and she needed to scratch herself constantly. She had to see a doctor, had to get something against the terrible itching.&nbsp; 

As she feverishly worked on her reports the bell rang, and she knew her time was up. Her next teacher had arrived.

�I�m coming!� Donna shouted as she quickly closed off everything, hid the dildo with which she had been scratching herself and went downstairs to open the door.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

�My, my, are we stressed out or what?� Her new teacher said with a friendly smile as Donna opened the door.

With a shock Donna recognized who her teacher was: Rebecca Fowler, formerly Brown-Fowler and also known as �Red Pussy Cat�!

�How are you doing? Aren�t you going to let me in?� Rebecca said as she kept her friendly smile towards the froozen Donna.

 �I�m okay,� Donna stumbled �Sorry, please come in � Rebecca?�

�Call me Red Pussycat, Ms. Red Pussycat� Rebecca said as she stepped inside.

Rebecca was wearing a long thick dark wooly coat, her face was coated with a thick layer of make-up, fake eyebrows, eyes dark with red eye shadow, lots of mascara and an overdose of red rouge on her cheeks. There were red streaks through her hair which was tide backwards into a small ponytail. A collection of long dark red earrings dangled from her ear on to her coat. Underneath her coat she had long high heeled red boots up to her thighs and a skimpy, too small red skirt and red T-shirt. She looked the part of her stage name perfectly, again.

 �You�ve changed your looks I see. More blond� Rebecca touched Donna�s hair a bit. �But as I mentioned you look awful. You knew I was coming, right?�

�I�m sorry, it�s been a rough morning. My make-up is probably a mess.�

�Sure is. Let me help you get ready. We have a lot to do this morning.� Rebecca said as she gave Donna her fur coat. �Upstairs?�

�Yes, Ms. Red Pussycat�� Donna replied as she closed the door. She recalled he lap dance, her daughter, and the things she had said. How twisted her life had become. It dawned on her Rebecca might be a victim too�

�Sit down and let me get you beautiful again.� Rebecca said as she positioned Donna in front of the mirror in her own bedroom.

Donna did look like a mess. Her tears and sweat had smeared her eye shadow and mascara. Rebecca proceeded to clean her face and reapply her make-up.

�So tell me, what have you been up to lately?� Rebecca asked as she sat on the lap of Donna, facing her.

�I, I have been exploring my� inner most sexual feelings� That is why you are here� Ms. Red Pussycat.�

It was awkward to call Rebecca like this, especially as she was also forced to add the Ms.

�And you�re doing a great job at that, so I heard.� Rebecca answered �Must be quite a challenge for you.�

�It is� It is�� Donna felt unsecure. She wanted to ask this lady so many things now. Was she a victim? Was she still in the clutches of Ms. Brendan, or was she really the slut she looked like?

A stern look of Rebecca brought her quickly back to reality 

��Ms. Red Pussycat� Donna added quickly.

�You still have a looong way to go.� Rebecca remarked �You are beginning to look the part though, better toned, better hair��

�Ms. Red Pussycat�.� Donna tried

�Yes, dear?� Rebecca asked, as she focused on putting on a thick layer of mascara on Donna�s face.

�How, I mean, �� Donna wondered how to ask the obvious �Are you happy the way you are now?�

Rebecca frowned at her for a moment and then continued her work �What do you mean, Cutty?�

�You� You used to be a normal respectable housewife, and now � you are a � lap dancer�

Rebecca kept on working, now combing Donna�s hair �Go on��

�I mean, is this you? Are you proud of who you are right now? Dancing naked for all sorts of men, for money. Dressed like a slut day in day out. Where is your pride? What have you done to yourself? And your daughter, you agreed to make her a porn star! How could you fall so low?�

Donna had let it all out, everything she thought of as she looked at Rebecca alias �Red Pussycat�. Once she had let her mind speak there was no more turning back.

�I knew you, or at least had seen you before. You were a decent woman. Respectable. You had a... a nice family. Now here you are... totally the opposite. Are you as happy as you pretend to be? You are so proud of being a lap dancer, I don�t understand. Were you unhappy with your old family life?�

An eerie silence fell when Donna finished. Rebecca finished up Donna�s make-up purposely avoiding eye contact. She applied eye-shadow and painted her eye browse without uttering a single word.

��Ms. Red Pussycat� Donna tried meekly, fearing the worse. But Rebecca didn�t respond at all, she just focused on the makeup of Donna with a cold harsh look on her face. 

�Done.,,� Rebecca said finally as she sprayed Donna�s face with a fixative, finishing up the make-up of the now terribly nervous Donna. 

�Now as for your judgmental remarks�� Rebecca said as she hopped off Donna�s lap with one leg moving all the way over Donna in one smooth motion showing off her flexibility ��Let�s see what you have been up to lately, shall we?�

�I�m so �� Donna tried, knowing she had done something terribly wrong.

�Hush!� Rebecca commanded and Donna fell silent.

�Now let me get a few things straight here.� Rebecca said as she walked over to the bed and sat down, legs spread.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

�I am in your house, Cutty, because you wanted some lapdance lessons, right?�

�Y-Yes, Ms. Red Pussycat.�

�You will in the coming hours dance naked on a pole to learn how to sexually please future onlookers, right?�

�Yes, Ms. Red Pussycat.�

�Moreover, yesterday you had lessons from a whore on how to be a good whore, isn�t that right?�

�Y-Yes, Ms. Red Pussycat.� Donna did not like where this was heading to.

�So as we speak you not only aspire to be a lap dancer, but also to be a real whore. Selling your body to anybody with enough money. Moreover, you even take lessons to be the best whore you can be?�

 �Yes� Ms. Red Pussycat.� Donna bit her lip in shame.

�And you are married with children?�

�Yes��

�Your husband does not know any of this, as you want to keep it a secret from him? And as we speak your children have been misbehaving, partying like crazy? Your oldest daughter was out cold this morning as you were training your pussy with an automated dildo?�

�How did she know all this?� Donna wondered �She must be in on it too, somehow��

�You�ve been fucking around, planning to be a fucking slut, the biggest you can be, and yet you ask me how I can �lower� myself to the brave level of a lap dancer?�

�I�m sorry, I�m sorry, Ms. Red Pussycat�

�Let�s put this to a test.� Rebecca continued ignoring her pleading �Let�s see what you really are. Let the inner whore come out for a while�� 

�I want you to do me as the freaking whore you are, for �� She fumbled in her red bag �� 50 bucks� Rebecca threw the money on the bed. �If I don�t like what I�m getting I�ll make sure they�ll get a report on how badly you are in lap dancing, and the grave consequences of that will be all yours.�

�Remember you fucked up this morning already��

That threat got to Donna. She knew Rebecca meant her daughters were in danger too.

�Please, no!� Donna begged, �Please forgive me. I will do you for fifty bucks, please don�t tell them I am misbehaving, Ms. Red Pussycat.�&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

�Do a good job, act the part, and no one will know�� Rebecca remarked as she spread her legs a bit more. �And I do mean act the part��

Donna got up nervously.

�Cutty; no shivering, be a good whore!� Rebecca warned as she saw Donna�s hesitation.

Donna gulped a few times to steady herself, as she walked over to the lady in red.

�Just for the record, I prefer men, so you better be really good!�

Donna knelt down between the large red boots. She forced herself to really pretend she was a slut, a willing whore. She had to be for now, �no time to think of anything else, I am a slut, I am a whore. And this lady is my client��

�Don�t worry, Ms. Red Pussycat, I�ll be the best cunt licker you ever had.� She said as she collected herself and forced herself into slut mode. She thought of all the sexual escapades she recently had and convinced herself how good it felt to be a total slut. She imagined how a whore would be. She recalled the various filthy lesbian porn movies she had seen, the lessons of her whore teacher. How the women had acted. She had to be like them!

�First the boots�� Rebecca instructed when she saw Donna trying to go straight for her pussy.

Donna followed the order and went down on Rebecca�s right boot licking the still cold latex. She recalled some bondage movie she had seen and copied the actions. She licked and moaned as she worked her way up and down the boot. She looked at Rebecca with a naughty smile to see if she was doing alright. She knew the more she humiliated herself right now, the more she saved herself and her kids. 

�The other boot� 

And Donna went elegantly down on the other boot. She even shook her ass invitingly. She saw Rebecca look down on her approvingly and she started to feel proud at how good she was acting. Behaving like a complete slut proved much easier than she thought. She even started to finger herself in both her holes. The itching actually made that a necessity, but it fit the part.

As she reached the top of the left boot, she continued licking kissing the warm thighs of her �client�. She teased her way up to Rebecca�s short skirt, and went down again on her right thigh. She looked up at Rebecca to see if she still approved of her actions.

A cold degrading stare came back, which encouraged Donna. She was properly degrading herself as Rebecca wanted. And she had not expected Rebecca to be easily turned on. But she would turn her on, she was sure of that! 

Donna pulled herself up to reach the top Rebecca was wearing and messaged her breasts.

�Look at me slut.� Rebecca instructed.

Donna immediately looked with a dirty smile into Rebecca's hazelbrown eyes. She continued to message Rebecca�s breasts as she figured out how to remove the top. She decided to lift it and saw a red push up bra lifting Rebecca�s fake large breasts. Her nipples were clear to see and had red rouge on them. Her large piercings were still there. Her nipples actually had really large holes in them, Donna noticed.

With a smile she went down on the two nipples as she continued to feel up the large breasts. She remembered the lapdance she had had with Rebecca and how hot that had been. How she had admired Rebecca�s dancing and her beautiful eyes. Donna's tongue caressed the large areola, the nipples, the piercings. Soon she noticed them getting hard, indicating she had to move on.

�You have beautiful breasts Ms. Red Pussycat� Donna said in her sluttiest voice. �Really lovely�

Rebecca just stared coldly at her, but Donna could tell she was turned on. She worked her way down to the exposed navel with its own piercing. She felt Rebecca�s toned belly and figured she had to be working out daily to get it so nice. She felt a bit jealous as she explored the contours with her tongue. �I just love this belly� she remarked honestly.

Donna had to slip one hand back to her inflamed bottom. The itching became unbearable again, especially now she had touched it again. But now she focused also on making herself come. She was excited herself and knew she had to be to satisfy her client. She heard her vagina make small sopping sounds and felt her juices flowing. How easy she got wet now!

Donna noticed Rebecca started to breath more rapidly, indicating she was getting there too. It was time to go down on her. She slipped down as both her hands massaged Rebecca's 36D breasts. Her nipples were rock hard now, almost as hard as their piercings. Donna pushed her head down over the small skirt which gave no protection at all. She nibbled on the small string making it wet with her saliva. Once wet it gave easy access to the vagina behind it. Donna could smell its scent clearly. Another indication her customer approved her actions. 

�Doesn�t like women�� Donna thought to herself as she nibbled and licked the lips slipping outside the flimsy string.

Gently she removed the string. Now Rebecca fully cooperated. Once the wet vagina came into clear view Donna pushed her mouth on it, sucking greedily at the exposed clit.

�Aaaah!!� Rebecca screamed in pure joy.

�I love your smell!� Donna said encouraged by the spontaneous reaction. 

She pushed her head even deeper between Rebecca's long legs and let her hands travel all over Rebecca�s upper body. She felt proud of how good she was. She had this woman in the palm of her hand in less than ten minutes!

As she ate away she also feverishly started to rub herself. Soon her own moans were mixing with her client�s. 

Rebecca couldn�t hold her cold exposure anymore and grabbed Donna�s head forcing it even more into her wet vagina. Donna�s nose rubbed against Rebecca's clit ring as her tongue explored the depths of Rebecca�s vagina. She moaned loudly into the hole she was almost sucked into. She felt her face being coated with slime and rolled her face around to catch more of it. Rebecca in response wobbled Donna�s head furiously around.

All too soon, Rebecca came as she bucked wildly and squirted female cum all over Donna�s face and shoulders. Though surprised at this sudden outburst Donna remained in character and even swallowed some with her open mouth. All the while smiling invitingly and rubbing her own vagina and asshole with both her hands. She knew that would give Rebecca a perfect view of how low she could go.

Rebecca pushed Donna away as she enjoyed her orgasm's aftermath.

Donna hadn�t come herself, but was content she had done a good job. And even though she was still itching badly she new that she had to stop; her client satisfaction was all that was important. She watched humbly how Rebecca squirmed on her bed.

When Rebecca finally cooled down Donna stood up and collected the money spread out over the bed. She counted it just as she figured a real whore would do and placed it in her night cabinet. She then set next to Rebecca with a big smile.

�Was it worth the money?�

�Yeah�� Rebecca moaned with a smile �You might have a repeat customer here��

�Thank you.� Donna said proudly.

Rebecca caressed the breasts of Donna a little, and got up.

�Now that we have reestablished the pecking order we can start the lessons.� Rebecca said as she walked to Donna�s dressing table and checked herself in the mirror. �You go and clean yourself while I retouch myself. Then I�ll redo your make-up and we start.�&nbsp; 

�Ok, Ms. Red Pussycat.� 

Donna smiled falsely as the insult got to her. As she walked up to her bathroom she saw a glance of her cum covered face and felt humiliated all over again. The things she had to do now were outrages! She has been fucked by a machine for two days now, her daughters were ordering her around and now she had willingly whored herself. She had lost all control of her own life.

Quickly she took a shower again and went back into her own bedroom for her next ordeal. Rebecca was already finished and had taken the liberty of finding her a new outfit.

�Sit down so I can do your make-up� She instructed. �And I have selected a better outfit for your lessons�

It didn�t even bother Donna anymore that Rebecca went through her personal stuff unasked.

Quickly her make-up was done and she switched �clothing�. Rebecca had chosen an outfit similar to hers: a tiny blue string, a very short white skirt, a push-up bra and a short t-shirt barely covering her breast. Instead of the long boots of Rebecca she had to wear light blue stocking and her see through high heeled pumps. Donna wondered more who was changing her wardrobe then how indecent she looked. 

Her worries were quickly interrupted.

�Let�s go to your special room and start the lessons.� Rebecca ordered as she clapped her hands to get Donna moving. �Up, up, up.�

Tired, itchy and totally lost Donna walked in front of Rebecca to her �special room�.








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bokkey


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





