BDSM Library - Invaders




Invaders
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A warlord captures a small village to feed his army and other things.
A note from the author:

The original concept of this story was more a mental image of how it would look
as a short cartoon, perhaps in the likes of the movie Heavy Metal. It was a
daydream for some time of this warlord in that it was not clear if they were
male or female, that no one was quite sure. I have fleshed it out into this
tale.

We were but a small remote farming village in a second class nation before they
came. No one to warn us, no one to even notice we were missing, we were simply
too small for any one to notice. It was so sudden, so quick, we never had a
chance. They attacked at dawn as most of us prepaired for our day, eating
breakfast, heading out into the fields. Most had shovels and hoes, fewer had
axes, some had enough time to fetch a rifle if they happened to be rich enough
to even own one. They on the other hand had rifles, even tanks, we never stood a
chance against the warlord. Their intent was not to kill but to capture men and
women a like. The tanks never even fired a shot, more there for the terror
rolling into our village smashing the occational home. Though they had rifles
they avoided firing them as well. Rather than having bayonets on their rifles
they had electric cattle prods. Our surrender, our submision, our slavery was
but an easy victory to their tactics, their leader a ever silent ominus figure
dressed in heavy Bushido armor. They had us under their control before it was
time for them to eat lunch.

Men women children they did not care, we were seperated men into one camp, women
into another. The women continued under guard to work the fields for food to
feed the army, what was left to be devided between the two camps. The men on the
other hand were put to work on building a monsterous machine, the like of which
no one understood. Oddly enough we were well fed and cared for save for our
slavery itself. Punishment was rarely issued but it was swift with the brutal
cattle prods. Never inflicting serious damage, only great amounts of pain
especialy considering the groin was their most often used target of punishment.
For months we labored, harvesting food, building a machine to what no one
understood. We missed seeing the men as well I am certain the men terribly
missed our comfort as well. All to easy for the invaders as no one would even
notice our shipment of exports for months to come.

No one understood the machine, but it loomed over the village as it grew to four
times the hieght of a house and several blocks in length. Most the metal was
rounded up and smelted into the parts needed. The rest built from the trees
shewn into lumber. Even one of their tanks were stripped of its treds to become
the engine that powered the huge gears. A banister style stand built over the
tank, two long cams extending from the gears one over the other made from the
largest tree trunks hammered together. Great amounts of lumber making the joists
that held the cams up in the air as the machine had grow to over one hundred
yards long. The men continued their slave labor under strict instruction from
the guards. Planks shewned out and formed into benches all attached to the lower
cam. Twin forks constructed from the hardest of our wood and as well attached to
the upper cam, one over each bench. Then the nightmare of our loss come at hand
as they shot all our cattle. The meat eaten as fast as possible to prevent
waste, shared by the invaders as well as the camps alike, the least amount of
waste possible. The leather harvested and the men made buckles and harnesses.
Their leader always silent watching over the machine that had been contrusted
yet the men build leather goods. Nothing seemed to make any sence.

I awaken this morning and find we are not lead to the fields to work, they round
us all up into a holding pen. The guards watching us, some seem extra tence this
morning, others seems to have a wicked smile with a gleam to their eyes. We are
led out to the machine on one side, the men led to the other side, all the while
the silent ominous figure of their leader watching over us from the controls of
the machine. All of us are bound wrists and ankles with the leather cuffs. The
solders out numbering us easily two to one work in pairs. I hear weaping,
crying, screaming, men, women, boys, girls, mingled with a bit of laughter from
the army that has us captured.

One of them grabs my hair as I watch helplessly watching the cattle prod wave
next to my cunt. Cringing knowing the horror having watched one girl fucked with
the prod and then zapped as the guards played with her for trying to escape. The
other pulls a knife out as I shiver in fear, watching around me as our entire
village suffers the same fate. The other produces a knife and shreds my clothing
stipping me naked, bound, totally helpless under their control. Shivering in the
shock of the horror as they contine to bind my body in a harness and hoisted up
onto one of the forks of the machine.

Trying to watch around me, some try to fight but the bonds are too strong but
for them to simply struggle, others simply hang their head at the shame of being
exposed so ruthlessly. My wrists held above my head leaving my tits to swing in
the air, most of my wieght held by the harness around my thighs pinning my legs
to spread open, my knees forced nearly up to my chest. Below me is a naked man
with the look of shame on his face as he too is bound naked exposed benieth my
bare pussy. I know him, he is only from a few houses down. He is married to
another, but some times we say a simple hello in passing, and now to be exposed
before one another like this. To each a man is bound to a bench and above him a
female bound as I. Old, young, missmatched, to each man a cunt hovering over
them.

The guards laughed and jeered, walking to each man with a laddle of some potion,
pouring it over their cocks. What ever was in the potion if they did not have a
hard cock from having a pussy hanging inches from them, they did after the heat
of the potion set in. I could see it in his eyes, humiliation, shame, slowly
turning to need. The man below me needed me to attend to his hard throbbing
dripping cock.

The two then turn to me, rubbing my breasts, tugging the nipples, laughing,
commenting they were lucky to have been assigned such a good whore to play with
compaired to the others. So ashamed trying to ignore what they do as my neighbor
watched, his cock pulsating so close to my pussy I can feel his heat. I try to
ignore but now they start using the potion on my nipples. It lightly burns of
fire, my nipples becoming more sencitive, errect. I close my eyes trying to
fight it but my nipples grow hard. I feel one of their fingers coated in the oil
push up into my pussy, the heat building inside me despite the shame. The man
below muttering oh god over and over as he is forced to watch, his cock so close
twitching now back and forth below me in his own need. It has been so long since
any of us have been able to have pleasure of any kind.

I fight not to moan, not to let them know my body begins to betray my mind. One
holds my chin forcing me to look at him as both tug a nipple. The other pulls at
the hood of my clit and I feel it. A cotton swap with the potion forced into my
clit, rolling against my clit with the burning oil. All the while around me,
men, women, boys, girls, some crying, some screaming, some moaning now in their
pleasure. They let my chin go and I force myself to watch the man below me that
shares our fate in this. The two playing my body, playing my nipples, my clit,
fingering my cunt, as I watch the mans cock throbbing knowing he too is suffers
a different fate.

I feel my nipples tence, my clit now throbbing, my pussy so wet, watching that
hard dripping cock so close to my pussy. The two pull out their cocks and take
turns rubbing them between my firm tits. Rubbing the oil on their own cocks,
rubbing it between my tits, each taking turns sliding their hard cocks between
my tits as they roll my nipples, the invaders now each taking their pleasure in
all our women, our girls, our men, our boys forced to watch.

My pussy now pulsating as it needs, but they ignore it now, just fucking my
titties with their cocks rolling my nipples. First one cums humping my tits, his
cum shooting up into my hair dripping down, then the other, fucking my tits
twisting my nipples harder and harder untill his hot cum shoots up flying into
my face.

One by one each of them leave us women dripping in their cum for our men to
watch as we are turned into needy whores before them. Their cocks aching in
need, our pussies dripping wet waiting to be filled. The leader still silent
simply watching then pushes the lever as the last solder splatters his cum onto
the last needy girl, and the cam lowers us down to the men. Each solder grabbing
our hips guiding us down onto our nieghbors, our father, our brothers waiting
cocks. I started not to care, the oil burning my clit, my pussy throbbing,
clenching in need, slowly being filled with this mans pulsating hard cock. One
by one we are mounted, and the solders stepped down to watch. The last one down
and the entire army cried out in unison a mighty howl, their leader ever silent
unmoving, their hand ready at the lever.

I close my eyes as my heart is racing, knowing my neighbors cock is the one
throbbing in my wet needy cunt. Wimpering to me he pleads over and over �I�m
sorry, I am so sorry�. I softly look to him in a shame of blush as my pussy
instinctivly clamps down tight as I let out a soft moan of plasure. �We are in
this together, it is what it is and we all need some thing right now� I watch as
he closes his eyes trying to fade the shame yet feeling his cock pulsating
slightly faster in my cunt, making my pussy respond clinging back.

Again the machine moved and I was raised a few inches. The entire town let out a
moan of pleasure in unison, my pussy sliding so easily up his firm shaft. Again
the army lets out a loud howl follwed by laughter filling us with the shame of
our pent up need. I catch their leader raise their other arm to the sky and the
troops quickly cut to silence as if an order to no longer distract from the
moment. A flick of the lever and we all sank down hard onto our cocks and again
the entire town moans. My pussy again filled, feeling his cock spasming already,
my clit so hard pushing out to rub against the soft furr of his muff.

A low chant is heard upon the wind, their leader finnaly cutting the silence in
a soft husky voice, some unkown toungue as they cast one had skyward to the
gathering clouds. The other hand working the lever slowly back and forth. Cries
and moans as we all fuck in unison, every cock twitching in need, every cunt
being filled and clenching back. Every pulse, every throb follwed with the
chanting of some ancient language. The man next to us moans loudly as the girl
writhes her hips, fucking with us, knowing his cock is exploding inside her,
feeling the cock inside me throbbing faster and faster. I watch as the other
mans cock slides out finnaly spent, the girl above him trying to rub her needy
cunt against it on every down stroke. Feeling the edge drawing near, feeling him
trying to fight, feeling his cock bulge hard in a single long throb as he fighte
not to cum in my needy pussy. My own orgasm so close whispering to him, �Please,
let go, please, I need it, stop fighting what it is that you need�. The whole
town moaning, cumming, as we cum together.

Lightning striking in the sky at the gathering clouds to the chanting as the
village one by one climaxed along side the chanting of the husky voice riding
the wind till the last if us had finnished cumming. A light rain washed over our
bodies as we watched from our bondage dripping with cum as they gathered in
their tanks and drove off leaving us to once again try to rebuild our lives.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Zenar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





