BDSM Library - Dog Tags




Dog Tags
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man receives a very special gift from his girlfriend on his 21st Birthday.  That gift starts his life in a downward spiral leading him into a world of humiliation and degradation at the hands of strangers, co-workers and friends!  What can poor Jim do as he is used and abused, all to the delight of his girlfriend Beth.  What can he do to regain control of his life before he falls too far- or can he?
The following story is (c) Carnaj/Curt F- May 2005

It was written as personal enjoyment and should be treated as such and not
reposted without permission.  This is fantasy, and none of the characters are
actual people.  The story involves Adult Situations including, but not limited
to: Bondage, Discipline, Foot Worship, Anal and Oral Sex between men and women
and several combinations thereof, TV situations, humiliation and Hypnosis/ Mind
Control.  This story is graphic at times and if that is not what you are looking
for, read no further.  Obey the laws of your area.

If however the above teaser intrigues you, then read on...




Dog Tags



ONE

Not Happy Birthday!



Beth grinned widely as she handed me the short stack of gifts.  There were three
all told, wrapped in a shiny, silvery gift-wrap and tied with wide, blue ribbons
and bows.  There were no tags, but of course none were really needed.

It was my birthday after all.

Twenty-one today as the old joke went; I was officially a man now.  Not that I
couldn't already pay taxes or get a driver's license or go to some God forsaken
country to die in the spirit of democracy.  Hell I could get married and make
babies within the limits of the law, but today I could finally go into any store
or bar and buy a drink.  Not that I liked to drink, mind, but it was the
principle of the thing.  I was now legal.

Lucky me.

Beth's smile grew as I accepted the gifts from her, both of us sitting side by
side on the couch in her parent's living room.  She gave me a quick kiss on the
cheek and wished me a 'happy birthday'.  We were alone- through no little
manipulation on Beth's part.  Her parents were away for the weekend, three whole
days, and she had convinced her sister to spend at least the first night of the
long weekend at her friend's house.  Like I said, lucky me.

I looked over to my girlfriend and thanked my stars once again.  Beth was not
beautiful- at least by society's magazine standards, but she was gorgeous to me,
and far better than I had ever thought to do.  She was sitting there on the far
end of the plush sofa with her legs curled up beneath her and looking sexy as
hell decked out in shades of blue; a striped turtleneck and form fitting jeans. 
She was just a bit plump, her cute cheeks wide and puffed out from her huge
smile, enjoying the moment as I was about to open the gifts that she had bought. 
Her big brown eyes sparkled with delight as she watched me looking at the
presents, flipping her shoulder length black hair back over her shoulder as she
scooted a little closer-

"Start with the top one," she said leaning back again to watch with anxious
anticipation.  I smiled, nodding and knowing that she had probably spent way
more than she should have as I held up the first package, fairly certain as to
what it was.  Beth did not have a job, despite the fact that she was eighteen
and had tried once or twice.  She just wasn't suited to work, and we had joked
over the last few months that we had been a couple that she needed someone to
simply take care of her and she had agreed.  How she figured that might be me I
had no idea.

I worked in a grocery store as a cashier and stocking shelves.  The work was
hard, but satisfying to me, as I liked to get dirty and work up a sweat from a
job well done.  The pay was decent, with benefits, and there was room for
advancement eventually, but it was definitely not a job to get rich by.  Beth
knew that- having seen my take-home pay often enough- but still she stuck
around.  Maybe she loved me for me after all.

I made enough money to pay my bills; rent, gas, electricity and the like, keep
my car running and insured and still have enough to keep us going and have some
fun on the side.  Beth and I went out quite a bit, regardless.  Nothing
extravagant mind you; movies and such, dinner on occasion, dancing at the local
club where we first met.  It was not the good life by any means, but we had a
fun time I thought.  At least I did, for the most part, and I thought she did
too.

I opened the first gift, ripping through the paper and unwrapped a book that she
knew I had wanted.  I could have gotten it myself, but it was rather inexpensive
and I knew that she was living off of the allowance that she got from her
parents and it was within her meager price range.  I leaned over and kissed her,
holding my new book proudly and she gushed when I thanked her.

The next present was a CD; another thing I had mentioned and I was happy that
she had paid attention.  I kissed her again, thanking her and setting the CD
aside as she leaned forward a bit, anxious for me to open the last box.  It was
small, wrapped in silver and blue like the others and I did not have the
slightest clue as to what it might be.  It looked to be a jewelry box, but she
knew I didn't wear any; rings or necklaces- whatever.  Jewelry tended to snag on
the shelves at my job and I didn't even wear a wristwatch, preferring instead
the mechanic's watch that dangled from my belt.  I shook the box, holding it up
to my ear and she giggled-

"Just open it," she said with a smirk, giving me a playful shove, and I did.

As expected there was a small white jeweler's box beneath the wrappings, and I
opened that as well.  Within, I was surprised to find a simple metal necklace,
and holding it aloft dangled a silver dog tag.  I don't know just what I
expected to find within the box, but it was not that and as I looked from the
tiny, twirling, metal tag to Beth's grinning face and back again I became more
confused.  It was a cheap gift, and I was touched that she had got it of course,
but I had been expecting more I think-

"Read it," Beth said, adjusting her legs beneath her, letting one dangle over
the edge of the sofa as she took the metal tag between her fingers and held it
steady for me to see.  I leaned in, staring at the tiny embossed type-

"Beth's" was all that it said.  I looked up at her trying to match her smile,
trying to hide my disappointment.

"You don't like it?" she said, her smile quickly fading as she leaned back
again, obviously hurt by my reaction.

"No," I said quickly, slipping the chain through my fingers, looking at the tiny
clasp.  "It's great," I lied, forcing a smile.

"I wanted to get you something special," she sighed staring at me, "and these
are all the rage.  I got it at that little store outside of town; where they
sell those 'videos'."  I could see that she was disappointed by my reaction, her
big eyes looking almost watery as she explained.  She had made a special trip to
the sex shop just beyond the city limits- looking for toys for me no doubt.  I
was touched...

"I just wanted everyone to know that you belonged to me.  I can return it, I
guess."

"No," I said, fingering the clasp, trying to unhook the little ball bearings
from the cylinder that connected the two ends of the chain.  Finally it popped
free and I reached up and back, hooking the chain again behind my neck.  It was
a tight fit and I knew that it would never slip up over my head.  "It's great,"
I said, holding up the tag now locked about my neck for her to see.  I was
really impressed that she had gone to so much effort.  "I love it- because you
gave it to me."  My heart seemed to melt when she smiled again.

"Oh good," she said her wide grin returning quickly.  "It looks great."  Beth
licked her lips, smirking as I stood.  I knew that look, knew what was coming
and I was getting excited and hard thinking about the fun yet to come.

"I need to take a leak," I said, smiling myself as I backed away.  "I'll be
right back."

"I'll be here," she purred, giving me a wink as I turned and hurried around the
corner and down the hall.

Once in the bathroom I started to undress, anticipating a good long night of
lovemaking.  Beth had gotten her family out of the house to make my birthday a
special one.  Granted, we had had sex before- a lot actually, but it had always
been rushed before her parents returned, or uncomfortable, either in my car or
in my room with my housemate just on the other side of the wall.  Now we had at
least Friday night- all night alone.  My dick sprang from my pants as I let them
fall to the floor and I bit my cheek while thoughts of what was to come danced
in my imagination.

I washed off in the sink, borrowing a wash rag, finally looking at my reflection
in the mirror.  I was not so bad looking I decided; tall and thin with brown,
thinning hair already.  I looked tired I noted, with bags under my eyes and
pale, white skin exaggerated and washed in shadows from the bright overhead heat
lamp.  I stared at the dog tag dangling on the slim chain from my neck, smiling
at Beth's thoughtfulness, watching it sparkle as it turned.  It WAS a great gift
I decided, because it was from her- the woman I loved.  I would treasure it
always, or at least as long as we were together.  Right then I figured that
would be forever.

I smoked a quick cigarette there in the bathroom, sitting on the toilet and
watching the smoke swirl skywards to be sucked away into the overhead fan.  I
felt tired, and just a little weak oddly, but I was not so exhausted to spend
the night with Beth.  I imagined her sprawled, naked on the couch and awaiting
my pleasure.  My dick got even harder at the thought, the images flashing in my
mind's eye and I took a final drag from the cigarette, dropping the butt into
the toilet bowl as I stood and flushed.

I felt a slight chill as I stepped naked into the dim hall once again.  The
carpeting under my bare feet was rough and cool as I padded down the corridor
back towards the living room.  I could hear that she had turned up the
television, saw the flickering lights as the on screen scenes changed quickly. 
I took a breath and swallowed, rounding the corner with a smile all my own,
expecting my lover to be waiting...

She was, but not as I had expected.  She was sprawled on the couch, but she was
sitting backed up against the far arm, reclining casually with her legs
stretched out on the cushions and crossed at the ankles.  She was wearing a pair
of blue suede ankle boots that she knew I liked, and her foot twirled and
twitched slightly as she flicked through the channels with the television's
remote.  In her other hand she held a can of beer, which she sipped from as she
looked up at me, grinning again-

"You're naked..." she gasped as her eyes got large, taking me in.  My dick was
stiff and standing at attention to see her there, and she in turn looked first
to it, then to my face, grinning.  To me I was huge, but I knew too that I had
been left behind when God handed out cocks.  It was a cruel joke; me being well
over six feet tall and my penis barely five inches fully erect.  Beth had never
seemed to care.  She licked her lips, appraising me-

"Y-yeah," I stuttered, just a little surprised that she had not undressed
herself.  "I thought-"

"Yeah," she smiled, returning her attention to the television for a moment as
she flipped though a few more channels.  "I thought you might, but I thought too
you might want something special tonight."  She sipped at her beer, looking me
up and down again.

"What do you mean?"

"Well," she said, recrossing her legs so that one hung out in the empty space
before the couch.  She twirled her toes, drawing my attention.  "I know what you
want- really.  I love sex, and that's fine for me, but I know you like other
things too.  I thought maybe we could do something different for your birthday."

"I don't-"

Beth held up her leg, extending her foot so that the black rubber sole of her
boot was facing me squarely.  She twisted her foot a bit, eyeing her shoe before
she looked back at me sternly-

"My boot's dirty, Puppy," she said with some authority in her voice, a sneer on
her full lips as she called me by one of her little 'pet' names that she liked
to use.  She drew her legs up and back until they were crossed at the knees with
her foot still hanging out before me, dangling.  "Clean it!"

Without a second thought I dropped to my knees beside the couch.  Beth was
grinning at me again as I took her foot in my hand, resting and supporting her
heel in my palm.  I looked up for approval, but she had returned her attention
to the television, so I leaned in closer, licking my lips.  I could smell the
soft, worn leather of her boots, the slight odor of her feet as I drew closer,
taking a deep breath.  It was heaven.

Beth knew all too well what I wanted- I had hinted at such things often enough,
and I was excited that she would think of me now in this way.  In our past, when
we had made love I had worked my way down her legs, kissing and licking to her
feet.  She had never seemed that into it, but she loved me I knew so she let me
have my way on occasion.  I of course had loved every second, licking and
kissing her feet until she was moaning and writhing in ecstasy.  Beth had small,
soft sensitive feet and I knew the very first time that she enjoyed that special
attention to one of her 'love spots'.  Like she had said, she loved sex and it
didn't take much to get her excited.  The times she had given me her feet we had
had wild sex after and she had been so loving in return.  Now, reclining on the
sofa as she was she seemed almost dominant and uncaring as I glanced up at her. 
She was fully clothed and ignoring me as she let me have her boots but I went to
task with a fervor, a relish wanting nothing more than to fulfill my own
fantasies.  I leaned in, kissing first, then quickly licking at the rough rubber
of the sole of her boot.

It tasted foul, the rubber itself bitter.  I felt grit and dirt as I licked,
little bits of rock and dried mud grinding in my teeth.  There was an old rotten
smell too, as though she had stepped in something, but I did not care as I
slopped my tongue along the bottom of her boot and kissed for all that I was
worth.  She simply dangled her foot, watching television as I slathered her
boots with devotion and for some reason that got me all the more hot.  I
increased my efforts, stretching and moaning in dismay as she pulled back for a
moment and recrossed her legs and then ordered me at the other boot.  I leaned
in again with my newest prize, barely missing a beat as I heard her slight
giggle.  I licked and licked at the soles until they were spotless and black,
then started in kissing at the soft toe caps, feeling her toes wiggling beneath
the leather, lost in this new game that she had created-

And all too soon it was over.

Beth shifted position and planted the ball of her foot on my forehead suddenly
shoving me back.  I fell backwards, surprised and squatting on my folded legs,
looking up at her with lust and panting.  My dick was throbbing for release
between my legs but she simply stared at me and smiled, melting my heart once
again.

"That was nice," she said, twirling her foot before my face.  I wanted to lean
in and start kissing again, but knew too that that was not what she wanted.  Was
I done for the night I wondered, and I sagged, almost sobbing.  I needed her so
much.

"And you did a fabulous job," she added, twisting and twisting her foot as she
inspected her boot.  "Did you like that, Puppy?" she asked and I squeaked out
that I did.  I was sweating and breathless and horny as hell.  I wanted her more
than ever and she simply giggled-

"Good.  I hoped you'd enjoy your birthday present.  I knew you wanted my feet
for a long time," she said, pulling her legs back and folding them out of reach. 
I stared at her feet, watching as she wiggled her toes a final time before they
disappeared beneath her.  "Did you have a happy birthday?" she asked and I
nodded.  I couldn't speak I was panting so hard.

"Good," she said, giving me that stern look once again.  "Now it's time for you
to go.  You have work tomorrow, and I'm beat."

"But..." I whined blinking sweat from my eyes, unbelieving.  I needed release
and she was throwing me out?  I had expected to spend the night at least.  I
licked my lips and stared up at her, my eyes pleading.  I was shivering from the
sudden chill in the air.

"No 'buts', Puppy.  I'm sleepy and you need to be fresh for work tomorrow.  Go
home!"

I stood, my pecker bobbing before me, standing proud and dripping for release
much needed release.  It actually ached.  Beth smirked as she glanced at my
erection, following my gaze, then looked me in the eyes once again-

"Can I borrow your car?" she asked without missing a beat.  I swallowed,
hesitating.  There was nothing that I would not give her, but it was over two
miles back to my house and last I saw it was pouring down rain and apparently
cold out as well, an autumn storm.  I took a shaky, ragged breath, trying to
screw my voice into shape to ask why-

"Please?" she asked, her voice soft and soothing.  She batted her huge brown
eyes at me, her smile wide and caring.  I opened my mouth, trying to talk but
she cut me off-

"Lend me your car!"

"Of course," I nodded, "sure."  There was really no other decision to make. 
Beth needed to borrow my car and I was happy to loan it to her.  She grinned and
held out her hand, wiggling her fingers.  I was captivated by how small they
looked; soft and white, so clean.  Her nails were long and sculpted, painted
clear-

"The keys?"

I blinked, forcing my gaze from her beautiful, petite hand and saw that she was
wearing that stern, commanding look again.  She was frowning with impatience and
I felt a wave of embarrassment wash over me.  I turned, whispering a quick
apology and trotted from the room, my dog tag jangling and bouncing against my
chest, my hard-on bobbing stupidly.  I could hear her chuckling as I padded down
the hallway and into the bathroom again before I scooped up my discarded pants
to rifle the pockets for my keys.

I breathed a sigh of relief when I found my key ring and dropped my pants again
to hurry back.  Turning I caught a glimpse of my reflection in the big bathroom
mirror.  My hair was sticking up, jutting out all over my head from rubbing
against Beth's shoes and legs and my face was smeared with dirt and grime.  My
skin was still splotchy red from my flush of embarrassment and beads of sweat
glistened, matting down my chest hairs.  I was a mess, but didn't care- well, a
little.  I ignored my state of being though and rushed out of the room.  Beth
was waiting.

She was still on the sofa when I returned, now sitting with her legs crossed,
her right foot kicking as she watched the television.  She glanced at me as she
took a sip from her beer and waved a hand at the coffee table before returning
her attention to the show.

"Just drop the keys there and go get dressed.  It's getting late, and I want to
get to bed."  I did as she said, nodding and setting the keys on the polished
glass tabletop before her before spinning on my heel and hurrying back to the
bathroom.  She ignored me, and my compliance totally, absorbed in her program. 
She did not even say thank you.

I didn't care though as I rushed to get my clothes on.  She had sounded annoyed
for some reason and I did not want to piss her off any further by being too
slow.  I jumped into my underwear and pants and tugged my tee shirt over my head
before dropping to the toilet to put on my socks and shoes.  I stood and looked
into the mirror, brushing my hair down with my hands and contemplating washing
my face.  I was filthy and disheveled, and it would only take a moment I thought
as I turned on the water, reaching for the still damp rag I had used before.

I noticed then that my dog tags were beneath my shirt and I hesitated, pulling
them free once again.  They sparkled in the bright light, flashing as they
bobbed and dangled on the slim, beaded chain...

"Hurry up!"

I blinked at the sound of Beth's voice and realized that I must have been day
dreaming.  My hand hovered in the air, just about to grab the washrag from the
bar on the wall.  My face was still dirty and my tags still dangled there as I
stared at their dazzling reflection.  Beth sounded mad though, so I shook my
head hoping to clear my thoughts.  Maybe I was more tired than I realized and
Beth was right.  Of course she was...

I hurried from the bathroom and found her waiting near the front door in the
entryway.  She looked annoyed with her hands poised on her hips and one foot
tapping impatiently on the floor tiles in front of the door.  I rushed towards
her, embarrassed that I had disappointed her- again- and mumbled an apology.

"Sorry..." I said, hanging my head as she folded her arms over her breasts and
sighed, shaking her head in disapproval.  Finally she smirked and put one hand
under my chin, raising my head.

"That's okay, Puppy," she cooed, smiling.  "You'll do better next time.  You
better get going though."

Beth opened the door and as if on cue lightning flashed and lit the night
followed immediately by a loud, booming crash of thunder.  We both jumped at the
sudden noise and I shivered, staring out into the darkness as the rain seemed to
pound down all the harder.  I looked to Beth with pleading eyes, licking my lips
and hoping that she would change her mind and let me spend the night, or at
least not borrow my car.  She simply looked at me and shrugged.

Beth reached behind her and took a plastic shopping bag from the small table
near the door.  She handed it to me with a smile, looking up with her huge brown
eyes and I knew that I had been forgiven again.

"Your presents," she said, one slim hand resting on the door knob as she stepped
closer.  The fingers of her other hand wrapped about the dog tag and she tugged,
forcing me to bend over a bit.  Beth gave me a quick peck on the cheek and I
felt my skin flush again, but before I could kiss her in return she released the
chain and turned me to the door.

"You hurry home now," she said, giving me a gentle shove.  I hesitated as the
sky lit up again, thunder booming.  I looked back to her, but her smile was
almost gone.

"Beth... please..." I begged.  "It's pouring!  Can't you at least drive me
home?"  Her smile turned to a frown as she shook her head and sighed.  Her voice
had turned as chilly as the wind whistling in through the open doorway-

"I better not," she said as she stared out into the storm.  "It looks pretty
bad, and besides I'm almost asleep as it is.  I might drift off on the way back. 
You wouldn't want me to have an accident, would you?"

"No, of course not, but..." My face lit up as a new idea occurred to me, "you
could stay at my place."  Beth smirked but shook her head.

"No, my folks might call.  What would they think if I wasn't home, hmm?  Better
you just go... Now!"

I nodded, shivering as I stepped over the threshold and under the overhang of
the eaves.  I felt the chill wind immediately, the spray of the rain now washing
against me as I was no longer sheltered within the house.  I started to turn
back, torn between my desire to stay with the woman I loved and my need to do as
she bid.  I jumped as the door slammed in my face.  I heard the locks clacking
shut beyond with a deafening finality and a moment later the porch light winked
out, a fading glow in the dark night.

I sighed and rushed out into the storm.  I held the plastic bag with my gifts
over my head for all the good that it did, the little protection that it
offered.  I was drenched as I jogged up to my car parked at the curb in front of
Beth's house.  My coat was inside, I could see it there rumpled in a ball on the
passenger seat where I had left it.  I could at least get it, or even better
wait out the worst of the storm in my car, then hurry home when the rain
lessened.  I tried the handle...

It was locked of course- all four doors.

I cursed under my breath, sagging as I pressed against the rain-slick window and
stared at my coat.  I could go back for the keys, explain to Beth but somehow I
knew that she would not give them to me.  I didn't understand why, or why she
had suddenly become so... cruel.  I loved it of course- in play.  The
domineering attitude got me hot, and it was fun playing Beth's foot slave for
awhile.  But it was all in fun- foreplay.  She seemed to be taking it too far,
almost for real.

At least I thought she was, standing there in the pouring rain, drenched and
shivering.  Lightning flashed again, a long crackling bolt arching across the
thick, dark sky.  I started walking as the thunder rolled.

I had a long way to go...




TWO

Take the Long Way Home



I don't know how long it took me to walk home.

I was soaked to the bone before I even got off of Beth's street and the bag with
my presents was little in the way of protection.  I discovered that the bag had
a tear in it too as I paused underneath a tree when the rain got heavier for a
few minutes.  My book was sopping wet and curling, and I noticed that the CD was
not even in the bag.  Beth had kept it for some reason- probably not wanting it
to get ruined in the storm.

I thought briefly about going to my job, spending the night there as it was only
a few blocks away.  There would be someone there throwing freight, stocking the
shelves and they would let me in of course, but...

But Beth had told me to go home.

I left the meager protection of the barren tree, its leaves a soggy mess in the
gutter with Fall's approach and crossed the street.  Water raced over the
blacktop, the sodium light of the street lamps doing little to light my way in
the downpour.

I hurried along, my hands stuffed into my pockets, my useless bag and ruined
book under my arm.  The streets were all but deserted; no one out walking like
me and only a few cars passing, none even slowing to look at me.  The rain
lessened at times, then seemed to treble without reason.  The wind howled and
roared as I walked on, sometimes whipping the rain at me sideways, blowing me
back.  Lightning flared over and over, but I noticed that the thunder came
slower with almost every flash.  The storm was moving on- thankfully- not that
it would help me any.

I finally turned onto my street, then started trudging up my block.  I could see
my house that I shared with my friend, the porch light glowing softly in the
distance.  I sagged, shuddering as I hunched my shoulders, dragging my feet.

The porch light was on, which meant that my house mate- Ken- had a girl over. 
That was the signal, a sign that he used more than me admittedly.  It was my
fault too, I knew, as I had expected to be spending the night at Beth's.  Only
myself to blame.

I turned up the front walk and stepped up onto the stairs, glad to get under the
porch at least and out of the rain.  It had lessened a lot but was still coming
down steadily.  The wind had died away some too, and the sky lit up far to the
east with the dwindling lightning, the far off roll of thunder.  I sighed,
trying the door...

It was locked of course.

I tossed my bag to the side, the book hitting the porch deck with a sloppy slap
as I dug in my pocket for my keys, only realizing after a moment that I had
given the ring to Beth- house keys included.  I was locked out.

I raised my fist to knock on the door but hesitated.  I knew from past
experience that Ken would not answer.  Aside from our pact and the porch light
signal, he was a heavy sleeper and could sleep through an earthquake- or a
thunderstorm.  I thought maybe that his current girlfriend- Cindy I think her
name was- might come to the door, though I doubted it.

I had never quite understood just what the women saw in Ken.  He was good
looking I supposed, though not devastatingly handsome.  He was cool though, and
independent.  He was a sign painter and had been on his own since high school-
before even.  Maybe he had the lines women wanted to hear, or because he had had
a ride early on, a place of his own.  I don't know, but the women flocked to
him, arrogant and conceited as he was towards them.  He was a lady's man and he
knew it.

Cindy, his latest conquest was a nice girl and pretty with long black hair and a
perfect figure, a beautiful smile.  A typical member of Ken's ever-growing
stable of girls.  She was always nice to me, and I knew that if she heard me
knocking she would let me in...

If she heard me.  I stopped knocking after awhile, with no answer.  Maybe they
were both passed out from too much sex, or drunk?  Maybe Ken had told her not to
answer.  Maybe they just simply did not hear me pounding on the door.  Whatever,
I had little choice it seemed.

Shivering I settled into one of the old wooden chairs on the porch.  I slumped
down, propping my feet on the edge of the low wall encircling the deck and
trying to get comfortable.  It was probably after two, and I had to be at work
by eight the next morning.

I hoped I would wake on time.  I hoped I could get inside to clean up.  Maybe
Ken would give me a ride.  I shifted in my makeshift bed, my back already
aching.  It was going to be a long, restless night...

***

I woke with the sun.

I moaned as I jerked awake, the sun's light washing over me but doing little to
warm me up.  I noticed straight away that my throat was scratchy and my nose was
stuffed.  I had caught the makings of a cold from my long walk home in the
pouring, chilly rain.  I would be lucky if I did not catch pneumonia.

I stood slowly, stretching, feeling the bones creak and pop with my stiff
movements.  My head felt stuffed with moldy cotton as I shambled to the door and
started knocking again.

I heard movement within- finally- and after awhile I heard the locks opening and
the door swinging slowly in- just a crack.  I saw Cindy's sleepy face peering
out at me through the crack in the door, blinking at the morning sun and finally
smiling as she recognized me.  She opened the door fully and I saw that she was
wearing a long tee shirt- one of Ken's- that barely dipped below her privates
and showed off her long, tanned legs.  Her hair was a tousled mess from a
restless sleep, and she was barefoot, one foot resting atop the other as she
held onto the door-

"Jimmy," she said with a wide smile.  "Good morning.  Just getting in?"

I thought about saying 'no', that I had spent a long and uncomfortable night
sleeping on a hard wooden chair on the porch in the storm.  I thought about
commenting about how both she and Ken had slept through my pounding on the door. 
In the end I simply nodded, stepping inside and past her as I had to use the
bathroom and get ready for work.  I had no time to fight as I rushed to the
john.

I used the toilet then washed up quickly, drenching my body in hot water.  A
shower would have been great, but there was no time.  I took some Tylenol in the
end and headed out of the bathroom finally and towards my room.  I saw Ken as I
passed the kitchen- he was up and about wearing only his boxers and making
coffee-

"Hey, Jim..." he said as I hurried past, darting into my room.  I barely had
twenty minutes to get dressed and get to work.

"Hey..."

I was dressed and out of my room in under three minutes.  I found Ken and Cindy
sitting on the couch and watching TV as I stepped out, tucking in my shirt. 
They made a nice couple, both thin and well-proportioned, both raven haired and
good looking- she more so than he I had to admit.  Ken grinned as he looked up,
sipping at his coffee-

"Late night, Bro?"

"Yeah," I said, not wanting to go into the details of my less than satisfying
birthday.  My stomach rumbled to smell the coffee, but I knew I didn't have the
time.  "Any chance you can give me a lift to work?"

"Sorry, man," Ken said taking another drink but not moving from the couch.  "I
have to get some proofs out to Best Signs in Eagle Point, after I drop Cindy
off.  I should be gone already," he shrugged.  Cindy looked at him, but offered
no argument.  I sighed.

"Okay," I said with some disappointment.  "I better get going then.  I have a
long walk-"

"Ken!" Cindy finally said, shoving at my house mate but he just shrugged again. 
"Sorry, dude."

I nodded and said my good byes.  I didn't have time to waste.  Granted my boss
would show me some leeway if I was late once- I hardly ever was- but I didn't
want to hear his speech when I got there.  I nodded, saying good bye and hurried
out the door.

I contemplated taking a cab, but when I checked my wallet I found that I had no
bills, just some change.  I had thought that I still had a twenty at least, but
I guess I was wrong.  I started walking...

***

I arrived at the store about fifteen minutes late.  I had called ahead, stopping
at a market and using my last quarter but I had covered my ass.  My boss gave me
a grim look as I rushed into the store and into the backroom to get ready for my
job.

Luckily the Night Crew had done most of the work and I was left with going
through the dead stock- that merchandise that had been ordered and would not fit
on the shelves before; mistakes or sale items.  There were price changes to do
as well, and simple cleaning up around the store.  Too, I was scheduled to be a
cashier in between- third man after the two regulars at the registers, Rhonda
and Tammy.  Hopefully it would be a slow day and I would miss the front-end
work.

I was loading up a dolly with the beer to fill the cases when Tammy came into
the back room and flopped into one of the fold up chairs with a heavy sigh.  I
looked at her as she lit up a cigarette and propped her feet on another chair in
the break area, leaning back and seemingly exhausted-

"Hi Tammy," I said as I wheeled the dolly out of the cooler.  She smiled, taking
a drag from her cigarette as she looked me up and down.  Tammy was about three
years older than me, with dirty blonde hair and just a bit overweight.  She
recrossed her legs at the ankles and twirled her foot, and I heard the bones in
her ankles popping-

"Hey, Jim," she said, leaning her head back and closing her eyes.  I shoved the
dolly up by the door and paused, looking for a marking gun as my eyes strayed to
Tammy's reclining form.

"Tired?" I asked, pulling a Monarch labeler from the box by the door and
checking the ink and labels.  She moaned, nodding-

"My feet are killing me." She took a long drag from her cigarette and looked at
me as I fumbled about my job.  She twirled her foot and grinned.  "I could use a
massage- or at least some time off my feet.  I need a vacation."

Tammy was wearing a pair of blue leather Oxfords, and as I watched she stretched
her legs and twirled her foot for comfort.  I licked my lips as I watched,
feeling my dick growing with the show.  If she knew she was getting me hot, she
didn't show it.

"I can rub your feet," I said hesitantly.  "if you want..."

Tammy blinked and stared at me curiously, then took another long drag off of her
cigarette.  She flicked ash onto the cold stone floor.  "For real?" she asked,
twisting her foot again, looking at her shoes.  I swallowed, nodding.

"Sure," I said, shoving the dolly off to the side out of the way and walking
over to her.  I dropped down to one knee as she smiled and kicked off her shoes. 
They hit the ground with a soft thud and I saw her flexing her toes in her thin
socks as I reached for her foot.  She moaned softly at my touch as I started to
massage the ball and arch of her foot.

"Mmmmn..." she cooed, leaning back and closing her eyes.  "That feels so good." 
I smiled, happy to be of service as I rubbed at the bottom of her foot.  I dug
my thumb into the soft, damp material of her sock, rubbing with all my effort to
her delight.  She took another drag from her cigarette, blowing smoke at me with
a giggle-

"Sorry," she said, opening her eyes and looking at me dreamily.  I smiled-

"That's okay," I said with a shaky, embarrassed grin.  I could not believe that
I was doing this, or that I had even had the nerve to offer.  I was nervous
though, somehow wanting to do a good job- wanting to please her.  I was starting
to sweat.

Tammy grinned, watching me curiously now as I rubbed at her feet.  I enjoyed the
effort, breathing deeply of the rank leather smell of foot odor that drifted up
to my nose.  I could feel my pecker getting hard, but it was hidden in my pants,
between my legs and I was certain that she could not see it.  She blew smoke in
my face again, and I coughed.

"You like this, don't you?" she asked, raising her leg, her other foot up to my
face.  I blushed, concentrating on what I was doing-

"Don't you?" she asked again with a bit more authority and I finally nodded,
agreeing.  She extended her foot until her toes were pointed and pressing
against my lips-

"You want to kiss them?" she asked and I stopped rubbing, hesitating.  I wanted
to of course, but what would she think of me if I did?  What would Beth think-

"Go ahead," she said with a sly, knowing grin.  "Kiss my feet!"

I leaned in and planted a kiss on the tips of her toes.  Tammy giggled, her foot
twitching in my grip.  I lavished her sock-clad foot with kisses, relishing the
damp, sweaty smell, and the lingering taste of leather from her shoes.  I heard
her moans as she enjoyed what I was doing, pausing only long enough for her to
shove her other foot in my face before I continued.  I moaned and whimpered
myself as I performed for her, feeling my cock getting rock-hard in my pants.  I
was excited beyond belief, acting as her foot slave there, kneeling on the cold
hard concrete in the back room as she moaned in pleasure.

All too soon however it ended as Tammy shoved me back and away.  I sprawled
backwards, caught off balance and looked up to her as I lay at her feet.  She
was breathing hard and sweating, her hand wiping away at the bit of soft flesh
showing above the shell neck scoop of her shirt.  She was smiling, staring down
at me-

"That's enough," she said as she looked up to the clock bolted high up on the
far wall behind me.  "Rhonda's gonna be bitchin'.  I'm late..."

Tammy grinned at me as I got to my knees.  She recrossed her legs, sitting
forward and dangling her foot right in front of my face again.  "Put my shoes
back on," she said with a wide grin and without a thought I did as she
commanded.  I picked up her shoe and spread it wide, slipping out the laces a
bit as I slipped first the left, then the right back onto her dainty feet.  I
tied her shoes and she giggled, standing-

"God that was hot," she said, looking down at me as she tucked in her blouse and
adjusted her work smock.  "Who knew?"

I looked up at her, but she just smiled coyly down as she got ready to go back
to work.  "I hope we can do this again, Jimmy.  It was great."  Tammy started to
step away, then paused.  She slid her foot forward, looking down at me even as I
looked up-

"Say 'thank you', Jim."  Tammy stood there with a wide smile as I knelt down and
pressed my lips to the toecaps of her soft leather shoes, mumbling my thanks.  I
kissed both shoes without a thought, and also without a thought she simply
turned and strode away.  I heard her laughing...

"Wait'll I tell Rhonda..."

I watched as she pushed through the swinging doors and went back out into the
store.  I knelt there for a moment, trying to gather my thoughts, my courage and
finally I got up again.  God, she was going to tell Rhonda.

What had I done?  Before long the entire scene would be all over the store and I
would be a laughing stock- if I didn't get fired.  Everyone would know, and
think I was some kind of sick pervert, when all I had wanted was to make Tammy
happy, ease her tired, sore feet.

Right...

I had wanted to get at her feet, pure and simple, no matter what excuses I used-
and she knew it.  She had played me, and I had been idiot enough to let it
happen.  Hell, I had suggested it.  What was wrong with me?  I wondered what I
should do next, but really there was only one thing that I could do.

I went back to work...

***

I had just finished up loading the beer coolers and was pushing the dolly back
to the backroom when I heard my name paged on the loudspeaker-

"Jim... Come up front!"

It was Rhonda calling for something and I swallowed, wondering if this was it? 
The joking and verbal torture was probably about to begin.  Still, she had
called and as much as I wanted to put off the inevitable, I had to go.  Despite
the fact that it was part of my job, both Rhonda and Tammy had seniority over me
and I had to do as they said if they needed me for something.

I shoved the dolly full of now empty beer cases up by the cardboard baling
machine for later and hurried towards the front of the store.  I actually
started jogging, trying to wipe the dirt and sweat from the palms of my hands on
my apron tail.  The store was relatively empty as far as customers went, which
was good- for me at least.  It was easier to work when business was slow.  Aside
from the customers too, there were only a handful of us on shift.  Saturday
morning was generally slow, up until noon at least this time of year.  The kids
were back in school, summer vacations were over and families tended to do things
together on the weekends.  That left us with Rhonda and Tammy up front, me on
the floor and the Day Manager- Bill Quigg though he spent most of his time in
the office with the morning bookkeeper, Sandra.  There was also a Produce man
and a butcher and meat wrapper, but they were in the back end of the store, so I
figured I was safe from their taunts at least for awhile.  Maybe Rhonda actually
needed my help with something legitimate.

I saw once I got to the front of the store that both Tammy and Rhonda had
customers in their check out lines.  The lines were short, three in Tammy's but
Rhonda had a huge order piling up on her counter.  She looked up as I
approached, heading to my own register to open up but she shook her head-

"Bag for me."

I nodded and jogged around to the front, doing as she said.  I started bagging
the groceries and setting the full bags aside until the shopping cart was empty,
all the while waiting for the giggles and jokes.  They did not come however, and
I saw that Rhonda was concentrating on the job at hand, otherwise ignoring me
except to slide groceries down the counter for me to reach.  I noticed once or
twice Tammy glancing at me back over her shoulder and caught her sly, knowing
grin once before she turned back to work.  She said nothing though and I sighed
in relief.  Maybe I was worrying for nothing.  Hopefully she would keep our
little encounter a secret after all.

The flurry of activity was fast and furious but quickly over.  I placed the bags
into the cart then helped the woman wheel her groceries outside and into the
back seat of her car.  It was a beautiful fall day now, the storms of the night
before having drifted off to the east leaving the sky crisp and clear if just a
bit chilly.  The parking lot was still damp I saw with a few scattered puddles,
but clean for the most part.  The winds had swept the lot the night before, for
which I was glad as I would have had to sweep later.  As it was, I thanked the
woman for her patronage- pocketing the fifty cents she gave me for my efforts
and help- then gathered the few carts scattered about the lot, picking up the
occasional stray paper along the way.  I dumped the garbage and corralled the
shopping carts, then took a final deep breath of fresh air before heading back
in to work.

All the customers were gone now from the front, and in the lull I saw Tammy
leaning on the back of her register whispering something in hushed tones to
Rhonda.  She was grinning, and when she saw me her smile grew but she stopped
talking as well, settling to watch me.  For her part, Rhonda had been filling in
her check log, writing in the names and times of checks that she had accepted
and she continued with that, not even looking up.  I smiled sheepishly at Tammy
and started to move away, heading for the back again-

"Get the throwbacks, Jim."

I paused and finally turned back.  There were always items that the customers
decided that they did not want at the last minute, things that had to be put
back on the shelf and the cashiers generally stuffed them into the cubby holes
below the counter with the shopping bags and other stuff to be gathered together
later.  Apparently Rhonda was overloaded and wanted me to do the throw backs
then.  I had no problem with that- part of the job- but as I approached I saw
Tammy standing there doing nothing.  She could have done the job, no problem, as
they both knew I had other tasks around the store.  She made no move to
volunteer however, so I headed to Rhonda's lane-

"Me first, Jim," Tammy said with a smirk.  I shrugged and stepped over to her
register, thinking that she had gathered the items already, but as I came around
the corner she simply stepped back and leaned against her register to give me
room to get them.

I sighed and crouched down, finally getting to my knees as I reached back into
the dark recesses of the cubbyholes, probing for the throwbacks she had
accumulated.  Tammy made no move to help, and actually stepped up closer as I
was stretching to get a jar that had rolled all the way to the back.  I felt the
rough warmth of her denim jeans as she brushed up against me, her leg thumping
against my shoulder and the side of my head.  She stepped around and when I
glanced down I could see that she had positioned her foot right below me.

I hesitated, staring at her foot for a moment as it shifted there on the black
rubber mat that the cashiers stood on for some limited comfort.  I could see the
dusty impressions that her shoes had made that morning, watching as her weight
pressed down into the rubber.  I licked my lips, feeling my excitement growing
again between my legs.  I was starting to sweat-

Tammy's knee thudded into my head and I heard her giggle an apology from above-

"You okay?"

I nodded that I was, afraid to talk that my voice might crack.  She had knocked
me out of my daze however, and before her feet and shoes could mesmerize me
again I quickly got that last jar and stood up again.

I was flushed and embarrassed, and Tammy knew it as she grinned.  Thankfully
though she said nothing more and let me pass, out of her register.  I dumped the
few throwbacks into a shopping cart and then moved into Rhonda's space to gather
hers.

Rhonda continued her writing, ignoring me and barely moving as I got down on my
knees by her feet.  I could smell her perfume as I got closer and actually had
to press against her leg to reach into the shelves beneath her register.  Like
Tammy she felt warm and her soft denim brushed against the skin of my arm and
cheek.  My gaze of course drifted down to her feet and I saw that Rhonda was
wearing a pair of flat leather sandals.  There was a thick strap across the top
of her smooth foot, another smaller loop wrapping about her big toe that
accentuated the soft, pink polish she wore.  I stared as she wiggled her toes,
her feet shifting slightly as she changed position, leaning above me.  I could
hear the gentle 'shish' of her soles as they scraped across the rubber mat-

"Hurry up down there!"

I flinched at the sound of her voice startling me and lurched up.  My hand
bumped the edge of the shelf as I started to rear back and the jar of mustard I
had just retrieved went tumbling from my fingers.  I tried to grab for it, but
it fell beyond Rhonda's leg and I watched as it shattered on the tiled floor
just beyond the rubber mat, just out of reach-

"Shit!  What-" I heard Rhonda's surprised yelp as she finally shuffled backwards
too late.  Mustard splattered everywhere, including across the top of her foot
and dotting the cuff of her flare leg jeans.  I heard her curse again as she
stepped back to see the damage, and when I looked up I saw her angry face
staring down at me.

"Idiot!" she sneered shaking her head.  Rhonda was pretty in a plain sort of way
with shoulder length hair just a bit darker than Tammy's.  She had a nice body,
if a bit slim, but looking up at her now I really saw how her breasts were
bigger than I had originally thought.  She was scowling down at me, her lips
thin and pink as she put her hands on her hips, waiting...

"Well?"

"I'm sorry," I said, looking back at the dirty floor, and of course her feet.  I
started to get up, to get some towels to clean the mess, but I felt her hand
fall on my shoulder, forcing me back down.

"Where are you going?" she asked and I looked up rather stupidly.  I started to
say something, but she cut me off.  "Clean that up!"

"I..." I stuttered, wondering what she expected, half knowing what was coming. 
"I need to get some towels-"  Rhonda shook her head again.

"Tammy says you like to use your tongue.  Go ahead."

I stared at her uncomprehending for a moment.  Apparently Tammy had told her of
our encounter in the backroom.  But surely Rhonda didn't expect me to-

"Lick it up!"

I blinked and glanced sideways at Tammy when I heard her giggles.  She was
watching intently, grinning from ear to ear and biting on her lower lip with
anticipation.  She was about to burst with glee and I turned back to Rhonda to
see her smiling as well.  She pointed at the floor, and that was it.

I bent low and tentatively stuck out my tongue.  I started to lick at the puddle
of mustard, inching forward to follow the line of the splatter.  Luckily the jar
had hit in such a way that there was not much by way of broken glass.  I saw the
neck of the jar had rolled away in a small circle beyond the mat while the base
had wedged up against the check out, dripping.  There was one small puddle from
the initial impact and a long line that had shot out and away, crossing Rhonda's
foot.

Still, the floor was filthy under the mustard, and I had never really been a fan
of mustard to begin with so every lick and lap made me grimace almost to the
point of gagging.  I knew better than to spit any out- and God forgive I might
retch, so I swallowed as best as I could forcing down the slimy, vile mess.  I
could taste dust and grit in the mix, and the splatter along the rubber was even
worse adding a bitter flavor.

Finally I edged closer to Rhonda's foot and found it waiting, actually tapping
in a tiny puddle of yellow.  She made no move to make my job easier as I
swallowed and licked my lips, then started in.  Her foot was clean- at least on
top, but there was mustard between her toes now as well and I had to get it all. 
After a bit of licking she finally raised her toes just a bit so that I could
get at the grime beneath.  I lapped at her feet and toes, tasting grit and dirt
now as well as a lingering taste of leather and baby powder that made me
suppress a gag.

It took some time, and all the while I could hear Tammy's chuckling as I slaved
at her friend's feet.  I could imagine she was wishing that she was getting the
attention, and I hoped that she didn't get the bright idea of dropping anything. 
I hurried then, licking all the harder as I cleaned at the cuff of Rhonda's
jeans as best I could.  There was a stain there when I finally finished, but I
had done my best.  Finally I grabbed up the two halves of the jar and dumped
them into the trash below the register, then replaced the garbage bag.  Finally
I looked up again-

Rhonda burst out laughing as I looked up at her hopefully.  I could imagine that
my face was filthy with grime and stains of yellow and I could feel my skin burn
with embarrassment.  It was humiliating; both the task I had done and to be
there kneeling at the feet of this beautiful woman- all the worse that until a
few minutes ago we had been friends.  I wondered what she, and Tammy too, must
think of me now and I flushed all the hotter, hanging my head in shame.  Worse,
I could now see the bulge in my pants and knew that they probably had as well. 
The whole scene had me excited and hot for release- release that I knew I would
not soon get.

"Good boy," I heard Rhonda say and I saw her foot gliding up towards my chin. 
She tapped me under the chin with her toes, forcing me to look up at her.  She
was smiling down at me, a cruel curl in the corner of her lip as she raised her
foot before my face, tilting it.  "Almost done..."

I stared at the bottom of her sandal and saw another smear of mustard along the
sole.  I sighed but eased forward and stuck out my tongue-

"What the hell is going on?"

I cringed at the booming, masculine voice coming down from on high behind me.  I
knew at once who it must be, and by the way Rhonda quickly dropped her foot and
moved away I knew I was right.  I flushed with humiliation but knew that there
was nothing for it but to face him.  I shuffled around on my knees and looked
up-

My manager stood staring down at me with a look of shock and anger plastered on
his face.  His bald head was shading red as I looked up at him, wondering what I
might say.  Bill always reminded us of Popeye the Sailor with his head and
stocky build.  He was way too muscular for his short stature and stubby legs and
always looked like he might topple over when he walked.  Now, looking up at him
from my place on the floor he seemed huge and menacing.

"What the fuck is this?" he asked again shifting his gaze to Rhonda and Tammy,
then back to me.  I was speechless, my voice caught in my throat again, but
luckily Tammy was ready with the details-

"Jim dropped a jar, Bill," she began, moving from her register to stand behind
Bill.  She was smiling as she looked down at me, towering over the shorter man
by a few inches.  "He was just cleaning up the mess he made."

"With his tongue?" Bill blustered, his eyes snapping as his gaze shifted between
the three of us.  I saw Tammy shrug.

"His idea, Bill," she lied.  "I was gonna get some towels but he just dropped
right down and started licking-"

"He grabbed my legs!" Rhonda added.  "He wouldn't let go and started licking my
feet!"  Bill turned back to me, frowning.

"Is that true?" I started to answer but Tammy cut me off again.

"Jeez, of course it's true, Bill.  Who'd make up a story like that?"

"No..." I whimpered, but Bill wasn't hearing it now.  The two women had easily
convinced him that it was all my idea.

"Get out!" he shouted, and apparently I was moving to slow as he grabbed me by
the collar and hoisted me to my feet.  Once up I towered over him, but I was so
flustered and humiliated that I could not even look him in the eye.  My size did
nothing to intimidate him as he shook me and shoved me towards the doors.

"You're fired!" he shouted, following to make certain that I left as the
automatic doors swung open.  He gave me another shove and I stumbled outside,
sprawling to the pavement.  "We don't want your kind here, sicko!  Get moving!"

I shook my head, trying to gather my thoughts and get to my feet.  I felt pain
in my palm and saw a bit of blood welling.  My clothes were a mess and my shirt
had ripped open from Bill's rough treatment, causing my dog tags to dangle
freely, sparkling in the sunlight.  I got to my knees again, looking to him and
saw both Tammy and Rhonda behind him in the doorway trying and failing to hide
their laughter.

"Bill..." I moaned, trying to rise and face him as some kind of a man. 
"Please..."

Bill shot forward and gave me another shove that finally got me moving.  He was
cursing all the while, his bald head blazing red from anger.  He followed me all
the way to the edge of the parking lot to make sure that I left.

"Show your face here again and I'll kick your ass, pervert," he shouted as I
hurried off.  "You'll be licking my feet, begging me not to beat the shit outta
ya, freak!  Go on... Run!"

I staggered a bit, turning finally and started to jog, then run.  I could still
hear his cursing as I snuffed back tears, snot from my cold starting to flow and
drip from my nose.  I choked, gasping as I ran faster, wondering how my life had
gone to shit so fast.

Just twenty-four hours before I had been happy, looking forward to a night of
loving with my girlfriend.  It had been my birthday for God's sake and now I was
out of a job and running home for my life, humiliated beyond belief.  What had
happened to me?

I barely held back the tears as I ran on, breathing harder with every step.  My
dog tags bounced and jangled against my chest with my movements, and that seemed
to help oddly, the noise.  It gave me something to focus on, to ignore the
people I passed on the street; the pointing and laughter at how ridiculous I
looked.  It made me think of Beth, and that gave me hope.

I ran on...




THREE

Home is where the Hurt is



I had stopped running by the time I reached my street.  Not because I did not
want to keep running, but because I was too out of breath to continue.  I was
woefully out of shape, coupled with the fact that I had not really run since Gym
class in high school and I smoked.  I could keep going all day at work- I was a
horse there, but any real, true exercise and I was done.

I was gasping for breath and sweating bullets as I walked up my block.  Despite
yesterday's storm and the chilly morning it was now getting warm, the climate in
the grips of Indian Summer.  It was after one I imagined, and I worried as I
walked on that I would be locked out of my house again.

Ken was usually out and about when he was not in the back garage that he had
converted into a makeshift paint shop where he did most of his work.  He had
signs to deliver through the course of the day, and I remembered him saying that
he had to make a run out to Eagle Point, which was a small town about ten miles
outside our own.

I sighed with relief however to see my car parked out in front of the house we
rented.  That meant that Beth was probably there waiting for me, and Ken as well
most likely.  I was happy at that, but the feeling quickly faded the closer I
got.

What would I tell her about what had happened at work?  I had no idea why I had
done what I had done.  I had never had the kind of courage to even talk to girls
like Ken did, let alone volunteer to lick their feet.  Jeez, was Bill right? 
Was I some kind of a pervert?  And how would Beth react when I told her that I
had gotten fired for... what... sexual misconduct?  God, she would drop me so
fast...

I sagged, my whole body suddenly weighed down and depressed.  It just got worse
and worse.

I hoped then that Ken was not there.  Hell, he might throw me out too.

Wearily I trudged up the steps towards the front door.  It was open a crack and
I could hear music within, familiar laughter.  The silvery, tinkling sound of
the happy voice of the woman I loved.  I sighed and screwed up my courage,
slowly opening the screen door and slipping quietly inside.

Beth and Ken were both there in the living room sitting a bit too close together
on the leather sofa, I thought.  They were eating Kentucky Fried Chicken and I
saw several beer cans scattered on the messy coffee table.  The ash tray was
overflowing and papers and magazines were littered about as well.  Ken's sign
portfolio was on the floor next to the couch along with a pile of dirty, paint
stained clothes.  They both looked up and smiled at me as I entered and I
recognized the music then that was playing.  It was the CD Beth had gotten me
for my birthday-

"Hey, bud," Ken said around a mouthful of chicken and Beth said "Hi, sweetie,"
then, "welcome home."

I said hi, moving deeper into the room-

"You're home early," Beth continued, apparently not expecting to see me so soon,
then, "You're a mess.  What happened?"

"I- " I started to say something, a lie or whatever just to put her off, but she
spoke over me-

"Tell me!"

I did.  I went through the whole story standing there with mustard still
streaking my face, my clothes and hair disheveled.  I said everything, almost
standing at attention like I was back in school and giving an oral report before
the class.  I don't know why, I didn't want to tell them but I could not hold
back a word and quickly felt the humiliation rising again.

When I could find the courage to look up I saw Ken staring wide-eyed and aghast. 
His mouth was hanging open in wonder and he was hanging on my every word.  Beth
on the other hand simply watched me listening with fascination.  She was sipping
at a beer, leaning casually back with one foot perched on the edge of the coffee
table and her legs crossed, her other foot kicking.  She looked gorgeous,
dressed in a lavender sundress with matching canvass shoes that laced part way
up her leg.  She looked clean and fresh, her hair brushed and loose about her
shoulders and framing her smiling, glowing face.

"Bill fired me..." I finished, hanging my head.  They were both silent, and it
would have been unbearable if not for the music blaring in the background.  I
felt like a little kid standing there before my teachers, waiting for them to
punish me for being tardy or cheating on a test.  Finally Ken broke the tension
and leaned forward, tossing a chicken bone back into his box on the table.

"So... " he began, looking me up and down as he searched for something to say. 
"So, are you gonna make the rent?" he finally asked, showing where his
sympathies lay.

"Yeah," I said dejectedly.  "I have enough in my savings to-"

"Well, actually..."

Beth cut me off and we both looked to her as she leaned forward and set her
empty beer can on the table.  She pulled a cigarette from the crumpled pack
between them on the table and struck it to life with a match.  "I borrowed your
ATM card last night, sweetie.  I needed some things, and the car needed gas." 
She shrugged, settling back with a smile as she looked up at me, crossing her
arms after blowing a cloud of smoke at me.  I was speechless.

"That's okay, right?" she asked, her face determined, almost daring me to say
no.  I almost did, but finally stammered-

"Of course... sure..."  She smirked conceitedly, satisfied.

"What about the rent, man?" Ken asked still leaning forward.  "And the bills?  I
got enough to cover this month I guess- business has been good, but... well... 
How long till you get another job?"

"I don't-"

"Maybe Jim could work off what he owes you," Beth volunteered, glancing at Ken. 
He looked at her and shrugged.  She had spent my money.  She should be the one-

"It's not so much the money.  Jim's a good guy and I know he'll make it up. 
Hell, he's done the same for me before, but I can't support two of us forever. 
The sign business goes up and down.  Maybe he could help with that, but-"

"That's not what I meant."  Beth grinned and looked about the room.  "This place
is a mess, and you're a busy man," she said leaning closer to Ken.  I watched as
she looped her arm about his and squeezed his biceps.  "You shouldn't have to
pay the bills, work your ass off making signs and help out around here with
cleaning and cooking.  Maybe Jim could do the housework- at least until he finds
another job.  At least work off the debt for this month, so you'll be even."

I stared at my girlfriend in disbelief.  What was she suggesting- that I become
the 'wife' in my home, or a maid?  And worse, Ken looked like he was actually
considering it.  I could get another job-

"I dunno..." Ken said looking me up and down.  I suddenly felt like a side of
beef that he was inspecting.  It was embarrassing, and I couldn't seem to get a
word out in my defense.

"I don't-"

"Wouldn't it be nice to come home to a clean house, Ken?  Dinner on the table,
your laundry done?  It only seems right with you paying the bills."

"Yeah..." Ken said popping another beer open and leaning back.  I did not like
the way he was looking me over, smiling as he took a drag off of Beth's
cigarette.  This was getting out of hand.  "I have enough money banked to
support us for a couple months I guess..."

"Ken..."

"I'll make sure he gets a job," Beth said with certainty, sipping at her own
beer and eyeing me with smug satisfaction.  "Besides, he likes this stuff."

"What stuff?" Ken asked, looking at Beth in confusion.  My girlfriend grinned,
crushing out the spent butt in the full ashtray.

"Jim likes the whole dominant thing," she said with a chuckle, exhaling the last
puff of blue smoke.  "He asks me all the time to tie him up and order him
around."

That was not true.  Sure I fantasized about it, and I had told her those
fantasies but I never asked 'all the time'.  "That's not-"

"He wants to be a slave," she said and I could hear a new authority in her
voice.  "Don't you, puppy?"  I stared at her for a moment, feeling my life
crumbling then hung my head, blushing with shame.

"Nnn..."

"What?" she asked a lilt in her voice.  "Tell us you want to be a slave!

"Yes, ma'am..." I said, my voice barely a whisper.  I could not believe... "I
want to be a slave..."

She laughed out loud then, clapping, and I heard Ken chuckle too.  The deal was
done apparently, and I was going to be the maid in my own home until I could
find another job.  I shivered, wondering just how long that might be.

"So, how does this work?" Ken asked after a bit of grinning and head shaking.  I
was still standing there, wondering myself just what to do next.  Beth simply
recrossed her legs and started kicking the other foot like she knew it all.

"Tell him to do something, silly," she said with a smile, patting Ken's arm. 
"I'm sure he knows what to do, but he gets off on getting ordered around- just
like at work, right, puppy?" She said that last sternly, reminding me of what I
had done.  I nodded, turning new shades of red as Ken cleared his throat,
considering-

"Okay, I guess- God this is weird."  He sounded hesitant, but I knew that with
Beth there directing him- and me- he would get into the act soon enough.  "I
suppose you can start cleaning up this mess.  The kitchen's filthy too; dishes
in the sink, and the stove.  You can clean the bathroom.  Make my bed... do the
laundry..." Ken glanced at Beth again and she nodded.

"First though you should go clean yourself, puppy.  You're filthy."

I nodded, almost bowing I imagine as I moved out of the room before they could
think of any more.  I almost ran for the bathroom, slamming the door behind me
and collapsing against it.  I was sobbing from the humiliation, my head spinning
as I tried to figure out what had just happened...

My girlfriend had almost sold me into slavery- to my best friend!  My life was
collapsing around me.  I had lost my job, and now apparently my free will all in
the space of a morning.  How could I agree to Beth's suggestions?  How could I
let this happen?

I stared at myself in the mirror; my hair sticking up and my face smeared with
mustard and grime.  My shirt was ripped and open, my undershirt stained with
sweat.  I stared at my dog tags hanging about my neck, remembering my birthday
just a day before and how happy I had been- at least for a time.  That was the
last, when my life had started to crumble...

"Hurry up!" I heard Beth call from the other room and immediately I went to the
sink to wash up.

I stripped off my shirt and pulled my undershirt over my head.  Both were filthy
and torn from my struggle from Bill so I tossed them aside and grabbed my
washrag, washing up in the sink.  My pants were stained as well, but I realized
that I had no clean clothes there in the bathroom so I left them on.  I washed
out my scraped up hand, spraying on some Bactine though the cuts had stopped
bleeding.  I was ready in a few minutes, looking clean if not feeling the same.

I sighed and went back into the other room.

Beth and Ken were sitting even closer on the couch when I returned.  I found
myself getting jealous, watching as Beth was leaning into my best friend and
whispering something in my ear.  They both laughed as I came into the room and
stood waiting, wondering what was going to happen next-

"Ooo, sexy," Beth cooed, licking her lips and grinning madly.  "See, he's
wearing the dog tags- aren't you puppy?"

"Yes," I mumbled and Ken chuckled.

"Puppy?  That's cute."

"My little pet name for him.  He gets those big puppy dog eyes sometimes."  Beth
laughed.  "Dogs don't wear clothes though..."

I looked up in shock as she stared at me.  Ken was staring at her in turn,
looking a bit confused.  He licked his lips as he glanced at me from the corner
of his eye-

"Beth?"

My girlfriend shrugged, kicking her leg as she looked me up and down.  "He needs
to remember this.  It's not just that he owes you money... He hurt me.  Imagine
how I feel knowing that he was kissing other women's feet at his job?  Oh, sure,
he got fired- he apologized, but what does that do for me?"  Beth shifted in her
seat, turning towards Ken.  "He needs to be punished!"

I stared in disbelief.  I heard the catch in Beth's voice there at the last and
could not believe what she was saying.  She wanted to punish me?  This was all
her fault!  I looked to Ken and saw him actually considering again.  He licked
his lips-

"I dunno if I want to see him running around here naked.  I'm not gay..."

"Jeez, Ken," Beth smirked wiping away an imaginary tear.  "You don't need to be
gay.  It's all on him.  He'll be mortified having to work out his debt in the
nude.  We can get him a uniform if you want, but I gotta tell you I'm getting
hot just thinking about it."

"Beth..." I said, my voice pleading.  "Please..."

"Quiet!" she commanded and I shut up.  She turned to Ken again, her hand sliding
along his arm.  "Up to you..."

Ken looked me up and down, finally shaking his head.  "I can't."  I sighed with
relief- at least until he continued-

"But maybe he can strip to his underwear?  I don't need ta see his dick, but
it'd be kinda cool if he was shown his place a bit.  After what he did to you,
he deserves that at least."

After what I did to her?  What was he thinking?  What had she-

"You heard him, puppy... Strip!"

I hesitated only for a moment before kicking off my shoes and unbuckling my
pants.  I could feel my skin getting hot as I dropped my pants to the floor and
stepped out of them, kicking them away.  Why was I doing this?  Why wasn't I
fighting back?

My penis sprang outward, tenting my white B.V.D.'s as I stood before them; my
girlfriend and my best friend.  I could not believe they were doing this to me.

"Mmn," Beth said, looking at my erection with just a little lust.  "See, he's
enjoying this.  Told 'ja..."

"I guess..." Ken said trying not to look.  "Who'd a thought?" he shrugged.

"Put him to work," Beth said, her hand falling to his leg and giving it an
encouraging squeeze.

"Me?"

"Yes, you..." she giggled.  "He's your maid- at least for the time being."  She
looked back to me, grinning wickedly.  "Make him work."

"Okay," Ken shrugged again, finally pointing at the table littered with debris. 
"Start cleaning up, Jim-"

"Don't call him Jim," Beth said, shaking her head.  "Make him feel... small. 
Low..."

"I can't call him puppy."  Ken chuckled and Beth laughed.

"No, I suppose not..." She looked far away for a moment, as though considering. 
"How about Jimmy then?  Or maid?"

"I dunno, Beth," Ken said, watching as I started gathering the dirty chicken
boxes and empty beer cans.  "It's hard... I mean, it's Jim..."

"I know, but you have to be strong.  Be firm..."

"Okay... Maid!  Clean this mess up!"

Beth laughed and clapped her hands at Ken's new authority.  I hung my head and
nodded, feeling myself sliding ever deeper.  I could not believe this...

Nor could I believe that I was doing what they said.  Without a question I
started gathering their garbage and carting it into the kitchen.  I emptied the
ashtray and once the table was clear I wiped it down, then started to pick up
the living room.  I collected Ken's cast offs for the laundry along with my own
and picked at the carpeting, getting up the bigger bits of paper and debris up
off the floor.

Beth and Ken watched me throughout- Beth actually pointing out things I had
missed.  After awhile- and a few more beers- Ken got more relaxed, and though he
did not really order me about too much, he did enforce whatever Beth told me to
do.  Once the living room was clean I started in on the kitchen, wiping down the
counters and fridge as I filled the sink with hot, soapy water to do the dishes.

They called for more beer and I brought it to them.

I lit their cigarettes.

I brought them snacks.

It all went on for some time...




FOUR

Workin' for a Livin'



I was on my knees scrubbing the kitchen floor with a sponge (Beth's idea) when I
heard the knock at the front door.  I paused, squatting on my knees as I wiped
the sweat from my eyes when I heard Ken's voice ordering me to answer the door,
"Stupid!".  He sounded a little drunk.

I dropped my sponge into my wash bucket and hurried into the living room.  I saw
Beth and Ken still sitting on the sofa, now closer than ever.  She was actually
leaning against him and they were watching television.  They smiled as I passed,
Beth shifting over just a bit as I reached the door and undid the locks.  I
opened the door...

I saw Cindy standing there, her eyes growing wide as she took me in.  I must
have looked a sight, naked but for my underwear and dog tags and filthy, wet
with sweat.  I tried to smile as her mouth dropped open, moving back and
swinging the door wide.

"Cindy!" Ken said as he got up from the sofa, swaying just a bit from the beer. 
He came forward as she stepped inside and I closed the door behind her.  She
looked at Ken, then at Beth before she returned her gaze to me-

"Wha..." she said, stammering.  I saw the slightest flush rise in her cheeks as
she looked to Ken again.  "What..."

"Hi Cindy!" Beth said cheerily, as though nothing was out of the ordinary.

"What the hell's going on?" Cindy finally yelled, pressing back against the
door, nowhere to run.  Ken raised his hands, motioning for her to calm down-

"Easy, Cin.  Let me explain..."

"Explain what?" she gasped, staring at me again.  Her breasts were heaving in
her tight shell top.  Her dark brown eyes wide with fright and confusion. 
"What's going on?"

"Easy..." Ken soothed, his hands raised.  Beth came up behind him then, flashing
her best smile.

"It's not what you think..."

Cindy covered her mouth with her hands, trying to stop her screams before they
started.  She stared at me with wide eyes.

"Listen..."

Ken started to explain, Beth helping out when needed.  Cindy stood pressed to
the door throughout, her gaze shifting between the three of us, lingering on me
mainly though, looking me up and down.  Her face was somewhere between confusion
and disgust, and I could only imagine what she was thinking of me now.

She was sobbing when they finally finished their story.  Her breasts were
heaving as she folded her arms across her chest, staring at the floor as she
tried to gather her composure and draw a breath.  I looked down as well in
embarrassment.  I liked Cindy, and it was humiliating to have her see me like
this.  Worse, I was staring at her feet, lusting after her black leather tennis
shoes.  God, what was wrong with me?

"You agree with this?"

I looked up when I realized that she was talking to me.  I stared at her,
wanting to scream and shout that I did not want any part of this absurdity, but
in the end I could only hang my head and nod...

"I... I did wrong.  I need to work off my debt and be punished..."

Beth's words rolled easily off of my tongue as I hung my head in shame.  I hoped
that Cindy would see through the charade, but as my sight drifted up and I saw
her licking her lips I knew that she would be no help.

"Just go with it, Cin," Ken said leaning in to kiss her cheek and rub her arms
affectionately.  "I had trouble at first too, but Beth says he wants this, and
it'll make him think twice as he works off the rent and finds a new job."

"I... " Cindy said with a shiver.  "it's just so... It seems so..."

"Don't worry, Cindy.  You'll get used to it."  Beth smiled and stepped up,
turning to me.  "Welcome our guest, puppy," she said, but I stood there
stupidly, stuttering.  Beth shook her head in bemusement-

"Kiss her feet!"

I dropped to my hands and knees without a thought, leaning forward.  I saw Cindy
press back against the wall again, but she had no where to go as I leaned
forward and kissed the toecaps of her dirty sneakers.  I heard her gasp, shocked
by it all, but she did nothing to stop me or help.

I settled back on my knees after I was done, not daring to look up.  Beth and
Ken stood on either side of me, towering over me as they tried to ease Cindy
into my servitude.  I stared at their feet, shifting about.

"This is too much," I heard Cindy say, her voice nervous.  "I can't-"

"Sure you can," Beth said smugly.  "What's he to you?"

"He's a person..."

"Not anymore.  He wants this, really, and he needs to learn his place.  Help
us..."

There was a silence.  I could tell that Cindy was considering, the television
blaring in the background.

"I don't know..."

"C'mon, Cin..." I saw Ken's legs shift as he leaned in closer, heard them kiss.

"O- Okay..."

And that was that.

Beth ordered me back to the kitchen and my work.  I looked up to Cindy but she
was speechless and simply watched as I crawled back to the kitchen.  I could
hear them moving about, settling in again as I started scrubbing the floor where
I left off.  After awhile Ken ordered me to bring them beer, and Cindy watched
as I brought it out, popped the cans and handed them out.  They were all on the
couch...

***

It was dark out when I heard Beth saying that it was time to leave.  I glanced
at the clock on the stove and saw that it was almost ten...

"My folks will be calling," she said, jangling my keys.  "They'll be up in arms
if I'm not home, and Becky won't cover for me.  I wish I could stay."

"Well, we have a free room now," Ken joked and I saw them moving to the door. 
Beth giggled and looked towards me-

"Maybe another night," she said with a sigh.  She looked to me then.  "Keep him
working.  Make sure he earns his keep."

"We will," Ken said as he opened the door for my girlfriend.  Beth blew me a
kiss-

"See you all tomorrow..."

And she was gone.

Ken shut and locked the door and I heard Cindy's voice-

"Thank god that's over.  Damn, Ken, how could you..."

"What?"

"Ken!" Cindy exclaimed, pointing at me.  "That's your best friend!  How can you
go along with this?"

"He wants it," Ken said, glaring my direction.  "He dicked Beth- and me.  He
owes me rent."

"But... God... You've made him a slave..."

"He's working off his debt, Cin.  He needs to learn-"

"Jesus..."

"Cindy!" Ken snapped.  "He agreed to this.  I didn't agree at first, but he
wanted to do it this way, so this is what it's gonna be.  He can get another
job, but till that happens he's gonna keep working.  End of story!"

Cindy looked at me, but I just lowered my head in shame.  I couldn't speak up,
or even try to rebel in the least.  I was done...

"So what happens now?" she said, looking at me with a new concern.  "I want to
go to bed.  God... I hate to admit it but this has me hot.  I don't need him
kneeling at the foot of the bed though..."

"Yeah, I know," Ken said as he walked into the kitchen.  He stepped right past
me and went to the obligatory junk drawer, pulling out a roll of Duct Tape.  He
slammed the drawer shut and turned-

"Beth told me what to do..." he looked at Cindy.  "Help me?"

Cindy was biting her lip, but finally nodded, stepping forward-

"Fine!  Let's just get this over with."

They were on me at once.  Ken shoved my bucket aside as Cindy straddled my hips
and pulled my arms back at his direction.  She held them in place as Ken started
wrapping the duct tape around and around my wrists.  After many turns he ripped
off the end and gathered my ankles, repeating the process.

When I was finally bound hand and foot, Ken shoved me fully to the floor and
connected my hands to my feet with another swath of tape...

"Ken..." I moaned, but he ignored me.  It was actually Cindy that suggested the
gag, and Ken started wrapping the tape about my head, loop after loop.  When he
was finally finished he stepped back and away and he and Cindy looked down on
me.

"That ought'a hold him..."

"Yeah, I suppose..."

In the end Ken dragged me into the small storage room just off of the kitchen. 
He positioned me on the floor, then left, slamming the door shut and bolting it
without.  I was left alone; bound and gagged on the rough, dirty wooden floor. 
I moaned, writhing, but after awhile I saw the kitchen light go out, that sliver
of light under the door vanishing.

I put my head to the cold floor, moaning into my gag, knowing full well that I
was done.  I would get no pity.  I was trapped until morning, tied up and
helpless until they chose to release me.

After a while I could hear Cindy moaning, louder and louder.  It was going to be
a long night...




FIVE

Hard Night's Day



Either Ken was very good, or Cindy was very vocal- maybe a bit of both. 
Whatever, it was a long time before the sound of their loving finally died away
and I was allowed just the slightest peace.

I lay there on the dirty floor, long since giving up that I might free myself
though I still occasionally rotated my wrists and pulled at the sticky, binding
tape.  I learned quickly that if I struggled too hard it became hard to breathe. 
The tape of my gag had been wrapped all the way around my head in several turns
creating a wide swath that totally covered my lips and touched just under my
nose.  Worse I was still somewhat plugged up from the slight cold I had caught
the night before sitting outside after getting drenched in the rain.  I feared I
might suffocate, and doubted that Ken would check on my screams even if he heard
me.

The earlier warmth of the day had vanished too, making my captivity all the
worse as I lay there on the rough wooden floor shivering.  I could feel a stiff
breeze seeping in around the frame of the one tiny window in the store room, the
light from the street lamp situated just perfectly to beam in on me, putting me
in a rectangular spotlight on the floor.  It was chilly, and the tiny room stank
of paint and thinner as Ken often stored some of his supplies there, along with
canned foods and boxes of junk- and now me.

I tried to sleep, but it came in short fits that generally ended with me waking
in pain as my muscles cramped or my breathing labored.  I was on my belly with
my arms tied back and connected to my legs that had been folded over to create a
tight hog tie.  My head hurt when I rested it forward on the floor, and my neck
hurt when I tried to ease that pain and hold it up.  My shoulders were screaming
from the odd tension before too long, as were my legs from being bent.

Worst of all was the raging hard on that I had to endure.  My penis would not go
down, and despite the fact that I could root around on it, I could not get
release.  It just seemed to get harder and harder beneath me, continually
throbbing and finally aching with a perpetual case of 'blue balls'.  I felt it
constantly then, with every little movement, all through the night.

My dog tags jangled with my movements as well, rattling on the floor with my
squirming.  They dangled from my neck, and if I shifted just so I could see them
actually, gleaming in the street light's glow.  I could see the words inscribed
as plain as day...

'Beth's'

"I wanted everyone to know you belonged to me."  Her words as I draped her
present about my neck for the first time just two nights past now came back to
haunt me.  Beth had definitely gotten what she wanted.  I belonged to her,
literally, body and soul.  She had taken my car, my money, and even my freedom. 
She had taken my life away with a simple loving act of giving me a birthday
present.

But how?

I stared at the dog tags lying there on the floor.  They almost seemed to be
glowing, sparkling to hold my attention.  I turned away, jerking my head
abruptly and I heard them jangle with the sudden movement.  They stayed in my
thoughts, but trapped as I was with little to do but mope or think, I thought.

Had Beth done something to me somehow?  It seemed incredible as I tried to
recall all of the horrible things that had happened to me since I first put on
the dog tags.  That did seem to be the catalyst, the thing that had sparked
everything off.

I remembered the night of my birthday.  How Beth had given me the 'gift' of her
feet rather than a night of sex.  She had said that she knew what I really
wanted, and granted I had always been intrigued with the whole dominance,
submission thing, but it had simply been a fantasy to try with her.  A game to
play, me kissing her feet, her tying me up.  I had never wanted it to such a
real extreme- Or had I?

Did she know me better than I knew myself?  Maybe, but even if I willfully did
as she said that first night because I secretly wanted to- kissing her booted
feet at least- that did not explain why I had simply left without a fight,
walking home in a storm.  I had not wanted to do that.  I would have done
anything for her true, but c'mon.  And the way she had treated me, uncaring and
cold, cruel even.  Where had that come from?

And none of that explained what had happened at work.  There was no way on my
best drunken stupor that I would have found the courage to ask a girl like Tammy
out let alone offer to massage her feet- especially in the back room of my job
where anyone could have walked in.  I had loved it- and what had happened later
with Rhonda I realized.  Both scenes got me hot beyond belief, but that did not
excuse why I had done it in the first place.  It had been humiliating, and
gotten me fired.  And- God help me- even that had excited me; Bill roughing me
up and throwing me out.  Was I really that pathetic?  Had Beth brought that out
in me somehow, or was there more to it?

And again my thoughts turned to the dog tags.  I remembered every time I
hesitated or struggled to resist a command, I had seen them sparkle or heard
them jangle, or even felt their weight around my neck.  Were they the key?  I
think...

I remembered that I did what I did when ordered.  There were suggestions, but
when I hesitated there would be a command and I would obey.  Beth had told me to
'go home'.  Tammy had told me to 'lick her feet'.  Even Bill had ordered me to
'get out' and I had.  And at home with Ken and Beth it had been the same.  Ken
had been hesitant at first, but Beth had egged him on, telling him to take
command and order me to do things.  That was it then- the orders.  It was not so
much that I wanted to do the things they made me do, even though I'm sure that
somewhere in my subconscious I did to an extant.  It was the commands that got
me going and made me submissive somehow.  Had Beth somehow made me susceptible
to commands?  And again I returned to the dog tags.

I wondered how- they appeared to be simple pieces of cheap, shiny metal.  She
had bought them at the sex shop she had said.  Were they special somehow- magic? 
Yeah, right- no more Sci Fi Channel for me.  But what then?  A focus maybe; they
were always catching my attention.  Were they meant to, to keep me in line?  Had
Beth somehow hypnotized me using the tags as...

And then it just suddenly all fell into place.  The short simple commands, the
things they said and I did- DOG tags...

Dogs don't wear clothes...

Puppy- she called me puppy...

My God...

Beth had not made me a slave.  She had turned me into a dog!

***

I jerked awake to the sound of bells wailing somewhere in the distance.  I
moaned, my body protesting the sudden sharp movement and I reared up, and
quickly thumped my head against the floor.

I blinked back tears from the sudden pain, the dim room spinning as I tried to
focus and remember where I was.  I quickly realized that I was still bound and
gagged and locked in the cramped storeroom off the kitchen.  Nothing had changed
except that daylight had replaced the harsh glare of arc sodium that had been
beaming in through the tiny window.  And of course, there was the bells.

It was the telephone I realized as my head started to clear and I came more
awake.  I heard movement then, beyond the locked door, a thumping as someone ran
across the floor outside.  The ringing stopped abruptly, finally, and I heard
Ken's voice harsh and scratchy and far away-

"Hello!"

"Yeah... yeah..."

"He... No, he can't come to the phone right now.  Can I take a message?"

"Cool.  No, no problem.  I'll tell him.  G'bye."

I listened intently as he hung up the phone.  Obviously the call had been for
me, but Ken had played it off well without missing a beat.  At least he hadn't
said 'He's all tied up at the moment'.

I heard him stomping about then, moving around the apartment freely, and going
about his morning ritual.  After awhile I heard the toilet flush, then more
stomping followed by low talking as I assumed he returned to his room and Cindy.

After awhile they were both fully up and about.  I could hear snatches of
conversation, but not enough to understand what they were talking about.  I
could see their shadows drifting under the door as they moved about the kitchen
totally ignoring me.  Did they realize that I needed water?  Did they care? 
Hell, I needed to pee.

I heard the television come on eventually.  I smelled bacon and eggs frying and
my stomach started to growl.

I looked up when I heard the sound of the bolt sliding back on the door.  I
moaned, seeing shadows, someone's toes just visible beneath the door in the
crack above the floor.  A cool breeze washed over me as the door finally swung
open, causing me to shiver and squirm.

I saw Cindy standing there.  She looked almost angelic framed in the doorway
with the kitchen's light shining behind her.  Her long black hair was still
messed and tousled from sleep, and she was chewing on a stray strand as she
frowned down at me.  She was dressed in one of Ken's tee shirts again- what she
usually wore when she spent the night- with a pair of black rubber flip-flops on
her feet.  Looking up her long, tanned legs I saw the slightest snatch of silver
beneath the hem of the shirt before she realized what I was seeing and pressed
her legs closer together.  I saw she was grinning sheepishly, almost
apologetically and blushing.

"Sorry," she said as she stepped into my cell and around me.  I stared at her
feet as she stepped right beside my head.  I could smell her, the rubber and
perfume, and marveled at the way her toenails glistened in the dim light.  She
moved behind me, out of my line of sight but I could hear her rummaging about in
the boxes on the shelves.  I wondered what she was up to and squirmed, trying to
see.  I moaned into my gag for her attention-

"Mmmn..."  I said, or tried to.  "Mmm- Iii- Eee!"

"Where is it, Ken?" she shouted out, ignoring me.  "I can't find it.  Which
box?"

"Never mind."

I looked up to see that Ken had joined us.  He was dressed already in jeans and
a tee shirt though he was just in his socks.  I heard Cindy shuffle behind me,
and my eyes grew wide with a sudden fear as I saw him pull a pocketknife from
his pocket and flip it open.

"I got it," he said stepping up by my head and squatting down.  I could smell
his dirty socks, a far cry from the pleasant odors of Cindy's feet.  He shifted
forward to his knees, actually straddling my head and forcing it to the floor
between his legs.  I could feel his bulge heavy on my neck and he smelled of
sex.  He grabbed my arms-

"Hold his legs," he said and a second later I felt Cindy's cold, soft hands
about my ankles.  There was a quick ripping sound and I felt some relief as
Cindy eased my legs down and out.  Ken was slicing through the duct tape with
his knife and in seconds I could move again.

He had not removed the gag as he got up and stepped back, but I didn't care.  I
was almost crying as I rolled about, stretching my cramped limbs and tearfully
rubbing my sore ankles and wrists.  I felt Cindy step over me again and turned,
looking up to see them both standing in the doorway, watching.  Ken folded his
knife and stuffed it back into his pocket with a frown.

"I- I'm sorry, man," he whispered.  He looked sad as Cindy rubbed his arm,
forcing a sympathetic smile.  "Things just... I was drunk, I guess.  That's no
excuse, but Beth... well I guess she just convinced me and things got outta
hand.  She said it was what you wanted.  I was drunk..."

"Mmmn..."

"Jesus, Ken.  Can we take his gag off now?"  Cindy squatted down at my side,
started picking at the tape with her long nails before Ken could answer.  He
reached out though, laying a hand on her shoulder-

"Hold on," he said, licking his lips as he returned his attention to me.  Cindy
paused, looking up at him.  "Forget the money, man.  I can cover this month
and... well after what you went through yesterday..." He shrugged.  "Let's just
all try and forget it, okay?"

I nodded, and so did he with a smirk.  Cindy took that as her cue to take off my
gag and within a few moments I could finally breathe again.  It was still
humiliating, having her free me and then to have her towering over me while I
sat there in my underwear at her feet.  I thanked her, but could not look at her
so I stared at her toes until she finally got the hint and followed Ken out of
the storeroom.

I found my pants and shoes in the bathroom when I finally got up enough strength
and courage to leave my little prison from the night before.  I looked at my
reflection in the mirror as I waited for the water in the sink to get hot and
saw that I was filthy again.  I had been sweating at my chores, then bound and
gagged all night on the storeroom's dusty floor.  I stank too, I could smell
under my arms.

And I saw the dog tags.

They hung about my neck still, twirling and jangling with my movements, shining
in the light.  I would find out soon enough if they were the cause of my
troubles and reached up to pull them off over my head-

I couldn't do it.  I could hold them, take them in hand but I could not raise
them up over my head.  They would not have fit over anyway I realized as I
fingered the clasp.  Again though, I could touch it but I could not seem to
manipulate my fingers to undo the catch.  It was like some mental block
preventing me.  I couldn't understand, but eventually I got the hint and started
to wash up.  I would need help.

I stepped back into the kitchen, ignoring the mess that Ken and Cindy had made
making breakfast when I heard a car horn.  I looked out the back window and saw
the two of them in Ken's truck.  He was motioning for me to come out and he
started yelling over the rattling roar of the truck's engine even as I stepped
off the back porch-

"I gotta take Cindy home, but I forgot to tell you..."

"Ken-"

"Your boss called this morning.  He wants to see you."

"Ken!  Wait!" I ran towards the truck but he was already cranking the steering
wheel to angle the truck towards the alley that ran behind our house.

"Maybe he wants to give you your job back?"

"Ken!"

"Later!" he shouted, honking his horn again as he spun out on the back lawn,
spewing dust and gravel as he steered into the alleyway.  I trotted after,
coughing in the dusty cloud of their wake, watching as Cindy turned and smiled,
giving me a friendly wave.  Dammit!

I stared down at the dog tags dangling from my neck.  I had to get them off
before-

"Hi, puppy..."

God...

I turned and saw Beth standing there at the back door.  She was all smiles and
fresh with her hair brushed out and her skin glowing from her morning shower. 
She was dressed in a blue denim skirt that flared out, pleated just above her
knees and a tight blue and white striped tank top that accentuated her breasts
nicely.  I saw too that she was wearing those blue suede boots that I loved so
much as she stood there tapping her foot, looking me up and down with her hands
on her hips.  She looked so hot...

I shook my head, trying not to get caught again in whatever spell she had cast
on me.  I should have turned and ran, but I needed to end this.  I needed to
confront her, and I thought that then and there, knowing what I thought I knew,
I could.  I started forward and saw her frown, her lower lip puckering out in a
pout-

"You don't look happy to see me puppy," she said, her voice sounding hurt.  I
tried to ignore her, but-

"Come," she said sliding her foot forward until it hung over the edge of the
back porch.  "Welcome me like I taught you."

I knew what she meant, what she wanted and without a thought I rushed forward
and dropped to my knees.  I leaned in and started to kiss the tip of her boot,
welcoming her as I had Cindy the night before.

"Good puppy..." she purred and I felt my pride and excitement growing with her
praise.  I kissed and licked all the harder until she simply pulled her foot
back out of reach.  I looked up, panting and almost whimpering as she smiled
sweetly down at me.  "Come inside," she said and turned, disappearing through
the door with a twirl of her skirt.

I scrambled up the stairs, following at her command...




SIX

My Girl- My Master



I was naked, on my hands and knees in front of the couch.

Beth had wasted no time when I finally caught up to her again in the living
room.  She ordered me to strip even as she took a seat, crossing her legs and
settling back to watch as I undressed.  She smiled to see my erection as it
sprang forth when I pulled down my underwear.

Of course she wanted to hear everything that had happened after she left the
night before and she made me recite the night's events as she enjoyed a
cigarette.  She smiled and laughed throughout, especially as I explained in
great detail how Ken and Cindy had tied me and locked me in the storeroom.  She
was a bit disappointed that they had had a change of heart in the morning,
blaming Cindy.

"I can see I'll have to have a talk with that girl," she said with a grin.  I
had no idea what she might say to convince Cindy to join in with her games, but
I knew Ken would fold again if she got him drunk.  He was easily swayed by a
pretty face and a chance for a quick tumble, and something told me that Beth
would have no problem fucking my best friend.  She loved sex.

"Come here, puppy," she had said as she leaned over the arm of the couch.  I saw
her digging in her purse for a moment, and when she sat upright again she was
holding a long, thin strip of pink leather.  I trembled, swallowing at her cruel
smile as I realized what she held in her hands.

"Down!"

I dropped to my knees in front of her and she leaned forward.  I shivered as her
fingers caressed my throat, as she draped the dog collar around my neck and
buckled it tightly in place.  "I got this especially for you, puppy," she
whispered in my ear, giggling at the way I whimpered.

I heard the dog tags jingle as she took them in hand and just for a moment I
thought that I might get a chance to escape.  She would have to remove the tags
in order to attach them to my collar and-

And she was smarter than I gave her credit for.  Beth simply slipped a small
metallic clasp through the hole in the tag and fastened that to the sturdy ring
where the leash would normally hook on.  Once fastened she simply unhooked the
thin beaded chain and pulled it free.  I had not lost contact with the tags and
was still her prisoner.

"That's better," she cooed, adjusting the collar on my throat.  "Much more
secure, and pretty too." She ruffled her hand playfully in my hair, actually
patting my head.  "Who's a pretty boy then?  Such a good puppy.  Yes you are."

She ordered me to shove the coffee table back a bit, then ordered me to my hands
and knees in its place.  I assumed position and quickly felt the warmth and
weight of her legs as she stretched out and rested them on my back, casually
crossing her ankles.  She sighed, settling in contentedly and I heard the
television click on again.

She kept me there for well over an hour as she flipped through the channels. 
She settled on one of the shopping networks after a bit, and I could hear her
ooh-ing and ahh-ing as various things came up for sale.  She shifted her feet at
one point, planting the soles of her boots against my ribs and I heard her
dialing the telephone.

I listened, moaning as I heard her ordering a pair of boots that she liked off
of the television.  What made me moan however was the fact that she rattled off
my credit card information to whoever was taking the call.  I wondered just what
else she had bought in my name, how much deeper I was going to go into debt
before this was all over-

I blinked to hear the strange echo of Beth's voice coming from the television. 
I forced my head up as Beth leaned back, draping her legs out over me again.  I
saw a pretty, smiling face on the television all happy and full of cheer staring
back at me-

"How are you today, Beth?"

"I'm great, Shannon!  I love your show!"

"Thank you, Beth.  I'm so glad.  What did you order today?"

"The black leather boots..."

"Oh, aren't they marvelous?  You'll love them-"

"I'm sure I will, but they're more for my boyfriend than for me."

"Oh?  Does he like wearing women's boots?" the woman- Shannon laughed and I
heard Beth giggle in response.

"No, but that's something to think about."  They laughed again.  "No, Shannon,
Jim likes to keep my shoes clean for me."

I saw the woman's smile falter, just for a second but quickly it reformed. 
"Really..."

"He loves to kiss my feet and shoes and lick the dirt off.  He's very devoted."

"It certainly sounds like it."  I saw the woman glancing away, wondering what to
do but she was a professional and kept talking until she got direction.  "Is he
there now?"

"Yeah... He's naked on the floor right in front of me, on his hands and knees
right now acting as my foot stool."  I felt Beth shift as the telephone receiver
pressed against my face.  "Say hello, puppy," Beth whispered.

"Hello, Shannon..." I said with despair.  I saw the woman's confused look again,
but once more she forced a smile-

"Hello... Jim was it?  How are you?  I hear you love Beth in her boots?"

"Answer her," Beth hissed.

"Yes, ma'am."

"Well you'll love these, Jim.  The leather's soft kid and they smell heavenly. 
And I can only imagine how Beth will put the stiletto heel to use."  Shannon
laughed as Beth pulled the phone away from my ear, chuckling as well-

"Well, thank you so much for calling today, Beth- and you too Jim.  It was
certainly... different.  Call again when you get the boots and let me know how
much you love them."

"We will, Shannon.  Bye!"

Beth could barely contain her laughter as she hung up the phone and she was
literally rolling around on the couch holding her ribs-

"Oh... Oh God... That was... Oh..."

It would have gone on longer if the phone had not started ringing again.  Beth
snuffled, gasping for air as she tried to compose herself.  She propped her feet
on my back again when she finally answered the phone-

"H- hello?"

I heard the buzz of a deep voice on the other end as Beth listened to the
caller.  After a moment she removed her feet from my back-

"Just a second..." she said, pressing the receiver to her breast as she thumped
me in the side to get my attention.  "Get me a beer, puppy," she commanded and I
quickly started to crawl towards the kitchen.  "But don't bring it until I call
you.  Stay in the kitchen."

I crawled into the kitchen and retrieved a can of beer from the fridge.  Then I
waited in the middle of the floor on my knees for her call to return.  My head
was spinning throughout as I strained, trying to break the hold she had over me,
but it was useless.  Every time I felt a little control I would hear the dog
tags jingle or feel the bite of my new collar, breaking my resolve.  In the end
I simply sagged, listening for her next command...

"Oh really?" I heard her say.  She was speaking softly, but something had
excited her and I started to hear snatches of her phone conversation.  I
strained to listen, to figure out who she was talking to.

"No... no he didn't say, but he was gone when I got here.  I don't know if Jim
knows, but you can be sure that I'll tell him.

"Yeah, he's here, but he can't really come to the phone right now.  Better he
come in and see you in person I think.  Right...  Oh definitely.  Anything would
do.  He'll do anything...  Yes, anything..."

Maybe Beth realized that she was talking too loud, or maybe she had meant to but
she quieted down after that.  It wasn't long before I heard her hang up again
and she called me back.  I hurried into the living room on all fours and
presented her with her beer.

"That was your boss," she said, popping the top on the can and sipping at the
beer.  "He said he called earlier.  He wants to see you, discuss your job.  Did
you know that?"  I nodded and she frowned.

"Why didn't you tell me, stupid?"  Beth's hand shot out and she slapped me
across the nose with a rolled up magazine.  It hurt and I fell back, more from
surprise than the force of the blow.  "Bad dog!" she shouted, swatting me again.

"You'll need to be punished," she said, tossing the magazine aside.  "Later
though.  Right now go get dressed.  I have some things to do, but I'll drop you
off at the store on my way home.  Go!"

***

I got dressed and quickly rejoined Beth in the living room.  She looked me up
and down, nodding at my tee shirt and jeans, but she told me to lose the
collared shirt I had put on to hide my new pink collar.  She slung her purse
over her shoulder as I tossed the shirt back into my room then dangled my keys
with a smile and a laugh to get me moving.

She ordered me onto the floor of the back seat of my car then got into the
driver's seat and we were off.  The trip to the store was uncomfortable but
quick, and Beth ignored me throughout, instead humming along to the radio.

She ordered me out of the car as she pulled up to an idle in front of my job,
directing me to come to her window.

"Call me when you're done," she said, "from home.  I'll be out for awhile, but I
want to know what happens."  Surprisingly she leaned close and gave me a peck on
the cheek before gunning the engine and driving out of the lot.

I stared after her until she turned the car about a final corner and vanished
from sight.  Only then did I breathe a sigh of relief, feeling some sense of
control for the first time since she had appeared that morning.

Still, I had my orders and finally headed across the parking lot and into the
store...

I saw Tammy straight off.  She was at the far register luckily, and did not see
me come in.  Unfortunately the other cashier on duty did see me.  Her name was
Linda, and of the three, Tammy and the missing Rhonda, she was the one that was
the most beautiful- and she knew it.  She was a conceited bitch and we had
gotten in many an argument over the last few years.  She was dressed casually in
tight jeans and shirt that showed off her tall, lean body, accentuating her
breasts and ass.

I saw her turn and look at me as I tried to slide in unobserved.  She grinned
and quickly called to Tammy who turned and flashed me a wide knowing smile. 
They both started laughing as Tammy waved and said 'hi'.  I nodded in response,
trying to get to the office in the corner and Linda called out-

"What's your rush, Jimmy?" Then, "Maybe you can clean my shoes when you're done
with Bill's..."

I flushed red at the laughter that followed me, wondering what she meant by that
last bit.  I tried to ignore it though, hearing Bill's voice as I approached the
office door situated in the front corner of the store.  The door was open a
crack, and I could see him sitting at his desk and speaking on the phone.  I
knocked-

Bill shoved the office door open and nodded, motioning me inside.  I stepped in
and he shoved the door closed again behind me as he continued his conversation. 
I stood there feeling self-conscious, trying not to listen to his call but
having nothing else to do.  I felt like I was waiting to talk to the principal.

The office, such as it was, was a tiny, cramped space.  The walls were lined
with shelves that were stuffed with papers and folders and binders, all of which
had to do with some faction of work I supposed.  The desk too was cluttered and
crammed with stacks of papers as well as a telephone and a computer in one
corner.  There was only a tiny spot cleared before Bill's chair where he had a
notepad that he was jotting notes.  He was sitting in one of the two swivel
office chairs, but he did not motion for me to sit, so I remained standing the
five or so minutes until he hung up the phone.  Even after that he seemed to
ignore me as he continued writing; a full page and a half before he finally
closed the pad and turned to face me.

He looked me up and down with a scowl, his glasses shining in the fluorescent
light only a little less than his bald head.  He looked stuffed into a tight
blue dress shirt and black slacks, his muscles bulging as he crossed his legs
and leaned back twirling his pen in his fingers.  I noticed his gaze finally
paused on my dog collar and he shook his head in seeming disgust.

"I'll come right to the point," he said finally focusing his stern gaze on me,
staring me in the eyes.  "I spoke to Rhonda and Tammy after you... left
yesterday, fully intent on pressing charges- assault at least.  Luckily for you
however- at least in that respect- the girls had a change of heart and confessed
that you hadn't instigated the incident, nor had you 'grabbed' Rhonda.  Tammy
also mentioned what happened in the back room, but that she was just as willing
as you were in that, apparently.

"Based on what I saw however, I was well within my rights to throw you out and
fire you.  I was protecting the interests of the store..."

"Bill..."

"Quiet!" he snapped, then took a deep breath and more calmly said, "Let me
finish.  I called the union and presented the hypothetical situation- not
mentioning any names mind you.  They said that there could be a case for
termination, however it would be a long and drawn out affair.  Now I don't want
that, and I doubt you do either.  So, I'm willing to make a compromise."

I looked at bill as he recrossed his legs, resting his arm on the desk and
tapping his pen.  He seemed to be smiling a bit now, and that made me nervous. 
I noticed too that he had a bulge in the crotch of his pants and that really
worried me.

"I spoke with your boyfriend this morning-"

"He's not my-"

"Shut- up!"  I did and Bill smirked.

"He said you needed your job, but when I asked to speak to you he said you
couldn't come to the phone.  I can only guess why, but I told him to tell you to
come in.  You didn't, and when I called back I spoke to some girl named Beth. 
My conversation with her was very enlightening.  She explained everything, and
more importantly said that you'd do anything to get your job back.  Is that
true?"

I licked my lips, sweating from nervousness.  I nodded-

"Answer me."

"Yes, sir," I said quickly, wondering why I had called him sir.  Bill was barely
older than me and I never had before.  He smiled widely at my response however,
leaning back in his chair with a creak of rusty springs and twirling his pen
again.

"Good.  Glad to hear it.  Unfortunately, your old position has been filled. 
Right at the moment actually, the only spot open is porter.  You remember Juan
quit last week?"

"Yes, sir."

"It's not the same.  It's dirty work and minimum wage- just twenty hours a week
at best."  He shrugged.  "From what I hear though, you like cleaning things. 
You should fit right in."  He chuckled and I hung my head.

"Job's yours if you want it."

"Yes, sir," I said.  I didn't want the job, as I knew it was degrading to begin
with.  It could only be worse with everyone knowing my story.

"I'm sorry..."

"Yes, sir," I repeated a little louder.

"Say please."

I burned red, but did as he commanded feeling my free will slipping away again
with my humiliation.  "Yes please, sir, may I be the porter?"

"Sure Jimmy," Bill said happily.  He leaned forward and opened a folder on his
desk, sliding it about for me to see as he held out his pen.  "I've taken the
liberty of transferring all your information over to a new file.  It's all in
order; you just need to sign..."

Bill held the pen out to me as I glanced at the slight stack of papers.  There
seemed more than there should be- but I needed the job so I signed over and over
as he slid pages aside.  When I was finished he shuffled the papers back into
the manila folder and moved it back out of reach.  He took back his pen and
grinned again, looking me up and down once more.

"There is one more thing, Jimmy," he said, planting both his feet on the floor
and spreading his legs a bit wider.  I saw his crotch bulge out with the
movement and I licked my lips again, dreading what I thought was coming.  "Just
a little test to see if you really will do anything..."

Bill dropped his pen and I watched as it clattered on the tiled floor, rolling
back under the desk.  I looked back up to his grinning face-

"Get that," he said and with barely a hesitating moment I dropped to my hands
and knees and stretched back under the desk to retrieve his pen.  When I was
wedged under the desk I heard his chair shift, sliding on the tiles as his legs
pinned me in.

"It must be filthy under there," he mused, "hasn't been mopped out in over a
week.  Clean it."  I started to complain that I had nothing to do the job, but
he simply thumped me with his knee, shoving me even further under the desk.

"Use your tongue!"

I whimpered to hear the cruelty in his voice but knew there was nothing that I
could do.  He had commanded me, and- thanks to Beth and my dog tags- I had to
obey.  I leaned down and pressed my lips to the dirty floor tiles, then started
to lick.

***

Bill watched me for a time, I could feel his eyes boring into me, but eventually
he went back to work.  I tried to ignore him and do as he commanded, shuffling
around beneath the desk and trying my best to lick the floor tiles clean.

He was right, and it was filthy beneath the desk; not just from dust but grease
and grime and whatever had scraped from his shoes over the past few days.  There
were marks that would not come up with simple spit, streaks ground in from the
wheels of the chair and his heels.  Too, there were ashy spots where cigarettes
had been crushed out, and even a butt or two that I swallowed with some effort. 
It smelled as well, an odor of leather and feet that I imagined were his.  Worst
of all were the mouse droppings that I found along the back baseboard.  I gagged
as I licked and swallowed, hoping to God that I did not find any dead mice or
bugs.

After awhile his phone rang and he shifted to answer it, his leg slamming into
my ass as he swiveled his chair about-

"Jason, hello!" I heard him say happily as he leaned back in his chair and
crossed his legs.  He chatted merrily as I continued to work, laughing while I
slaved at his feet.  At one point I felt him kicking me for my attention and
when I looked I saw his hand under the desk.  He snapped his fingers and opened
his palm so I handed him back his pen.

His conversation lasted awhile, and I would have thought that he had forgotten
me except that he would occasionally kick me in the butt if he thought I was
slowing down.  I kept going- he had not said I could stop- eventually working my
way around until I was on my knees under the desk and facing him.  I was licking
the dirt about his shoe when I felt his other foot tapping me on the head.  I
looked up, craning my neck.

Bill was pointing at me, then at his foot and back again.  I looked at him in
confusion- I needed a direct command I guessed, not smart enough to think on my
own- and he scowled-

"Hold on a sec, Jason."  Bill held the phone to his chest and kicked me in the
face, just hard enough to hurt and get my attention-

"Clean my shoes, stupid!"

I nodded sadly, hurt then leaned back down to the floor and started to lick at
his black, leather loafers.  After a few moments I heard him start talking
again-

"Sorry, Jason.  Just a little problem with the help, you know how it goes..."

Bill laughed...

***

Bill was still on the phone some minutes later when the door opened.  I was
still on my knees under the desk and trying to scrape something off of the sole
of his shoe with my teeth when I looked up and saw Sandra the bookkeeper
standing in the doorway.

Sandra was in her fifties and sort of overweight as she spent most of her day
sitting at the desk.  She had bleached blonde hair piled high, thin glasses and
red lipstick that was hidden by her hand as she gasped to see me there under the
desk.  I burned red with humiliation and actually stopped until Bill thumped me
again with his foot-

"Hold on again, Jason," he said and put the phone to his chest once more.

"You know Jimmy, Sandra?" he asked and she just continued to stare wide-eyed. 
Bill continued, "He's the new porter now.  I had him cleaning under the desk. 
Ignore him.  He'll be done soon.  Sit..."

Bill swiveled Sandra's chair out and around for her but she just continued to
stare.  She finally lowered her hand, but her mouth just flapped, little choking
noises coming out at first, then-

"Bill," she gasped, still not moving to sit.  "He's... he's..."

"Doing his job, Sandra," Bill said with some authority.  "Ignore him and do
yours."

I saw Sandra swallow as I started licking the sole of Bill's shoe again.  I half
expected her to run screaming from the office, but with a shiver she finally
plopped into her chair.  She stared down at me a moment longer, then slid her
chair off to the side as far as it would go and started her work I assumed.

Bill started talking again, and I got back to work in earnest as he had not
commanded me to stop.  I kept licking as I was basically ignored.  After awhile
Sandra crossed her legs and I saw her start kicking her foot, slipping her
low-heeled pump on and off of her foot while she worked.

Soon after that Bill shifted his own foot and hooked the heel of his shoe on my
shoulder.  I moaned as he pulled, and his shoe popped off with a 'shush',
dangling on his toes at first, then dropping to the floor with a clunk.  I
stared at the shoe wondering what I should do next, but the decision was out of
my hands as Bill's toes were quickly pressing against my lips.  I opened wide as
he shoved his foot forward, gagging on the rank smell of his feet and slick,
thin socks.  I felt him wiggle his toes in my mouth, then I started to suck.

***

Bill finally ended his conversation and hung up the phone.  By then he had both
shoes off and I was sucking on the second when he simply planted his feet and
shoved, sliding his chair back.  I moaned as he peered down at me with a
chuckle.

"Seems we found your lot in life, Jimmy," he laughed glancing at Sandra.  I saw
that she was trying to do her work but was having a hard time not watching me as
well.  I felt Bill kicking me in the face-

"Lay on your back," he ordered, kicking me over and over to move faster and to
get into the position he wanted.  When he stopped I was laying with my head
right beneath Sandra's bobbing heel, and he finished by crossing his leg and
planting his foot in my crotch, laughing as I moaned again.

"Want to use him, Sandra?" he asked and I saw her fluster.

"Oh, Bill... no..."

"Go ahead," Bill offered.  "He's gonna be down here a lot- part of his new job. 
You may as well benefit too."

"I couldn't..."

"Go ahead," he chuckled, grinding his heel into my groin.  "He makes a great
foot rest."

Sandra obviously was torn.  She did not want to participate I thought, but too
she knew that Bill would persist until she did.  Finally, tentatively she raised
her feet and put them on my chest.

"C'mon, Sandy," Bill chided, urging her on.  "Use him.  He loves it."

I saw Sandra sigh, looking at me apologetically but she finally adjusted her
feet until she was comfortable.  Her chair slid as she recrossed her legs and
suddenly the sole of her shoe was scraping across my face.  I moaned and her
heel slid right into my open mouth-

"Oh, God..."

Bill laughed, touching her arm.  "Don't worry.  He's fine." Then he glared down
at me.  "Suck it!" he commanded, and I did.

Sandra gasped again as I started to suck on the heel of her shoe.  She stared at
me, watching with fascination but she did not move her foot.

"See?" Bill chuckled.  "No fire or brimstone- no lightning.  Meet Jimmy the
porter, our own personal shoe shine boy."  Bill laughed out loud and even Sandra
had to giggle at that.  She watched for a bit longer as I sucked on the heel of
her shoe, looking up at her pathetically.  Finally though she shifted her
attention and got back to work.  I saw Bill slip his feet back into his shoes as
well, following suit.  He planted his feet back in my groin and left them
there...




SEVEN

Jillian



It was dark when Bill finally let me crawl out from under the desk.

I was filthy and smelling of feet, but he did not care as I struggled to get to
my feet.  My tongue was dry, parched, and my mouth felt chapped.  Sandra smiled
as I swayed on my feet between them.

"Be back Wednesday, eight a.m.," he said as he opened one of the cash drawers
stacked on the shelves.  He pulled out a twenty and stuffed it down the front of
my pants with a grin.

"You'll start your regular duties then, but there's always a chance for
overtime."  Bill laughed, and Sandra did too as soon as she got the joke.  I
hung my head, licking my lips as my skin flushed red again.  How embarrassed
could I get?

"Go!" he commanded, but as I turned he made me pause.

"What do you say, boy?"

"Thank you, sir..."

"That's better," he laughed.  "See you Wednesday."

The door slammed shut behind me like a gun, and I raced forward, rushing for the
doors.  I had to get away.  I heard Tammy and Linda shouting after me, but they
were too late and I was half way across the parking lot before I slowed and felt
a little safe.

I was tired and miserable as I started my long walk home.  It was still somewhat
warm out, a cool breeze just kicking up and rustling the fallen leaves in the
gutter.  I was stiff and sore from my time beneath Bill's desk, and my tongue
hurt from all the licking.

I tried to ignore my aches and pains as I hurried along, picking up my pace.  I
had to get home and call Beth-

"Hey Mister!  Spare some change?"

I winced to hear the voice, picking up my pace even more.  I heard footsteps
behind me, rushing to catch up.

"C'mon, man?  Gotta dollar?"

I saw a young black woman jog up beside me, quickly falling into step at my
side.  She was pretty, a little younger than me- probably in her late teens-
with a slim figure and her dark hair tied high in a fluffy knot atop her head. 
She flashed me a bright smile-

"Jus' a quarter, man, c'mon.  Can't spare a quarter?"

"I don't have a quarter," I said, wishing she would just go away.  She didn't
though, hurrying to get in front of me, blocking my path and forcing me to slow
and finally stop.

"A dime then," she said forcing a smile.  "Give me anything you gots."

That was it.  An order.  I dipped my hand into the front of my pants and pulled
out the twenty that Bill had stuffed down there.  I held the crumpled bill out
to her and saw her eyes grow wide.  She snatched it out of my hand though,
stuffing it into her pocket before I could change my mind as she looked me up
and down.  She wrinkled her nose as her gaze fell on my collar and she tilted
her head, her dark eyes narrowing.

"What's that smell?" she asked first, then looked closer at my dog collar.  She
reached for it but I stepped back-

"Hold still," she said, and I did as she reached up and fingered my dog tags,
licking her lips.  She eyed me queerly-

"You a punk or somethin'?"

I looked about, wishing I was home- wishing even that Beth would appear and
rescue me.  She jerked my collar, forcing me to look at her again-

"Answer me, boy!  You ain't no punk.  Why you wearin' a collar?"

"I'm..." I hung my head, "I'm a dog..."

The girl snorted, then laughed out loud.  I felt her cool fingers curling
tighter about my thin collar.  "What the fuck does that mean?" she asked with a
wide grin, leaning in and snagging my dog tag with her free hand.  "Who's Beth? 
That your girl?"

I nodded and she slapped me across the face.  It hurt and my eyes went wide with
surprise.  "You answer me when I ask you a question, boy!" she snapped, shaking
my collar.  I don't know if she knew what was going on, but she definitely knew
that I would not fight back and was more than willing to take advantage of that
fact.  Why was everyone so easily cruel?

"Is-that-your-girl?" she repeated slowly as though I was stupid.  I nodded
again-

"Yes, ma'am..."

"Ma'am?" she laughed again.  "You sure are proper, for a white boy anyway.  Now
suppose you tell Jillian jus' what the fuck is goin' on?"  She jerked my collar
again, shaking me until I started talking.  She had not been specific, so I told
her the basics hoping that would be enough.  She was looking me up and down
throughout my edited tale, licking her lips as I told her how Beth had made me
her dog and how I had to obey her.  She held me tightly at the throat, but I
could not tell if she believed me or not, though she seemed fascinated.

"So..." she said after I finished my story, "So your girlfriend collared you an'
made you her dog an' now you do whatever she says?"

"Yes, ma'am..." hanging my head and looking at her dirty black sneakers.  I
hoped she would end this soon, but-

"Jus' what SHE says?" she giggled, leaning closer, "or are you a good doggie?"

"Im... " I swallowed, "I'm a good doggie."  Jillian laughed.

I felt her grip on my collar tighten again as she looked me over, then she
stepped back a step.  "Sit!" she commanded and I dropped to my knees at her
feet.

The black girl stared at me, obviously intrigued but still holding on.  "Beg!"
she said, and I tried to bow down, choking.

She released her grip on my collar and shuffled back, obviously surprised.  She
had probably expected me to sit up and wag my tongue, raise my hands limply, but
I had learned different.  I prostrated myself, begging-

"Please... Please..."

I heard her laugh.  "Shit..." she squatted down and grabbed a handful of my
hair, pulling my head up to look me in the eyes.  She was grinning madly,
evilly...

"You are a good doggie, boy," she said chuckling.  She shoved my head down to
the dirty sidewalk and stood.  "So good I bet your mommy'd pay a little ta get
you back, hunh?"  I looked up, shaking my head.

"She doesn't care..."

Jillian smirked, looking down at me groveling in the dirt at her feet.  She
looked sexy to me then and there, like all the others.  She was domineering in
her tight jeans and black leather sneakers, her yellow sports top showing off
her slick, dusky skin.  God I wanted her.  I wanted to get away...

"Bet she does," she sneered, looking around for a moment.  "Stay!" she said as
she trotted over to the gutter and I saw her bend down and fish something out. 
It was a long strand of filthy white packing twine.  She turned back to me with
a wide grin and jogged back, squatting down by my head.  I could smell the worn
leather of her sneaker as she knotted the cord about the metal leash ring in my
collar.

"We're gonna go for a walk, doggie.  Then I'm gonna give your 'Beth' a call an'
see what she says."  I felt her hand snake into my back pocket, fishing out my
wallet.  Jillian stood and stepped back, wrapping the cord about her tiny fist
as she started thumbing through the worn leather wallet.  She frowned to find
the money pocket empty and the plastic slots as well.  Beth had taken my ATM
card that first night, and my credit cards as well.  Still, Jillian folded my
wallet and stuffed it into her own tight pocket before flicking my impromptu
leash and giving it a couple quick jerks-

"Heel!" she said grinning again and started off as I scrambled to all fours and
started to crawl after her.  After a few steps she stopped though and laughed at
me.

"Get up, stupid.  I ain't got all night."

I did as she said and she started off again, tugging on the makeshift leash
occasionally to keep me in pace.  I hurried to keep up, not wanting to make her
mad, following along like a... good doggie as she led me down a few side
streets.  After a couple blocks I realized just where we were headed and I
moaned.

I was fucked...

***

Jillian led me into a run-down section of town.  It had never really been nice-
at least not in my lifetime, and over the last few years it had gotten worse. 
In a larger city it would have been called the Projects as most of the houses
and low three and four story buildings were government subsidized apartments. 
Most of the people living in the area were Latino families; the wives and
children of the seasonal workers that spent the better part of the year
traveling up and down the coast following the harvesting of crops.  There was a
growing black population though as well, and unwed white mothers out of work and
welfare families of every shade and size.

The buildings were not that old but were in disrepair for the most part, weather
beaten and the like.  The sidewalks were cracked and the streets were full of
potholes.  The gutters were overflowing with sodden leaves and garbage, black
plastic bags lining the streets waiting for removal the next day I assumed,
though some we passed smelled rank and looked as though they had been there
awhile.

And there were people.  Jillian didn't seem concerned in the least as she tugged
me along the street.  She ignored the stares and pointing fingers, the laughter
that followed in our wake but I was flaming red with embarrassment, trotting
along with my head down.  Everyone we passed obviously saw what was happening,
but no one made a move to help me, and most of them whistled and laughed or
yelled out at me-

"Hey, Jillian!  Who's your friend?"

"Where'd you get the white boy, Jilly?"

"Does he do tricks?"

And worse...

Jillian just laughed through most of it, answering some of those that she
obviously knew with a joke and tugging on my leash.  She turned another corner
and headed across the street, heading for a small grocery store near the middle
of the block.  There was a group of teens in our way however, out in the middle
of the street shooting a basketball into a carved up milk crate they had affixed
to a telephone pole.  Jillian headed straight for them, and when they finally
noticed us their game stopped and they gathered, blocking our way.

"Hey, Jill," the tallest of the group said, stepping forward and looking first
at her with obvious lust, then sneering at me with a queer look.  He was
probably the oldest of the group of four, though younger than me; a big black
kid about my height but in much better shape.  He, like the others was dressed
in baggy jeans and sweaty tee shirts from their game.  There were two other
blacks in the group, the fourth a small, chubby Latino.

"'Sup girl?  What'chu about?" the tall boy asked now openly smirking at me.  His
friends were circling, looking me up and down.

"My business, Joel," Jillian said with some arrogance.  "Same as you should be."

The others laughed at their friend getting 'dissed' and staggered about as
though it was too funny.  Joel frowned at first, then grinned widely.

"Cool... cool.  This your new fella?" he asked, reaching out to flick my leash. 
"Figures you'd get some dog- can't get a man."  The friends burst out laughing
again, and though I continued to blush, Jillian paid them no mind, directing her
anger at the leader-

"Fuck off, Joel 'for you play your dumb ass.  If you was a real man, maybe I
wouldn't be lookin' uptown for some fun."  The laughter increased as Joel's
friends pointed and howled.  I could see a small crowd gathering to see what was
happening, little knots of people scattered along the street.  Joel noticed too,
and he did not look happy.

"Maybe I'll jus' kick yer white boy's ass, bitch.  Show you whatta man I am-"

"Shit, nigga," she hissed, stepping right up in his face, unafraid.  "You
couldn't kick no ass if it was stuck on your foot.  Now git outta my way an' go
play with your boy friends!"

"Fuckin' cunt!  I ought'a learn you some respect!"

"So who's stoppin' ya?"

I saw Joel rear back, his arm winding around to slap the girl and something just
snapped.  I shoved forward, pushing Jillian aside and slamming my fist right
across Joel's chin.  There was a loud 'crack' with the impact and the boy's head
spun sideways, spittle and blood shooting from his mouth.  He staggered off
balance and tumbled to the ground with a thud.

There was a sudden, deathly silence and as I looked around I saw that everyone
seemed frozen, staring at the scene.  Joel was shaking his head, down but not
out, feeling in his mouth as I must have broken a tooth.  I looked at my still
balled up fist and saw that my knuckle was bleeding as well.  I looked to
Jillian.

She still held my leash and was staring at me with a dazed, incredulous look. 
Her mouth was open in a silent 'O' as she looked, unbelieving.  The tension
quickly broke however as we heard Joel moan and glanced to him.

Anger twisted his face as he glared at us- at me.  Blood pooled at the corner of
his mouth, and I could see the swelling already-

"Mutha..." he cursed, struggling to rise and I heard his friends starting to
move forward.

"Boy..." Jillian whispered, her voice suddenly sounding timid.  "You done it
now..."

I swallowed, stumbling back as Jillian tugged on my leash, trying to lead me
away.  Where we were going to go I had no idea.  No way I could outrun the kids. 
They were all shouting now, flexing as they swaggered forward, out for blood-

Everything froze again as we all heard the ratchet of a shotgun's pump.  Jillian
kept pulling me along, towards the grocery store as the gang stopped just a few
feet away, trying to stare me to death.

I glanced over and saw an older Latino man holding a sawed off and standing at
the curb in front of the store.  He looked at Jillian as she maneuvered behind
him, then gave me a curious stare before turning back to the teens.

"Go home, Chicas," he said casually waving the gun in their general direction. 
"It's all over."

"Be over when I kick that-"

"You come any closer, boy, an' I WILL blow you away.  Tell the cops you was
tryin' ta rob me.  Who they gonna believe, hunh?  Ain't no one likes you 'round
here, Joel- cept that bunch- an' they're useless shit jus' like you.  Nobody on
this block wouldn't back me.  Cops know you not welcome in my store too."

Joel licked his lips, looking from the man to his gun, and then to his friends
who were suddenly a good distance back.  The teen realized he was suddenly alone
and now the new center of attention.  Still, he could not back down without a
fight-

"You dead, white boy!  Y'hear?  I'm gonna bust you up!  You too ol' man!  An-"

"Shut your stupid hole, boy, an' git home!"  The man raised his gun higher, now
aiming straight at Joel's groin and finally the boy got the hint.  He snorted
and flipped the three of us his finger before turning and rolling up to join his
friends.  They looked back as they headed off, watching to see what we would do,
and finally drifted around the corner.  The man sighed and lowered his gun,
wiping sweat from his face as the crowd started to disperse.  A few people
shouted out cheers of encouragement to the man, but when he turned to face us I
could see that he was pale and shaking from adrenaline.  He frowned, pointing at
the open doorway-

"Git your ass inside, girl."  Jillian jumped, actually squeaked a bit but did as
she was told, tugging me along behind.  The man followed and went behind the
counter where he slipped the gun before grabbing a handkerchief and wiping down
his face.  Finally he stared at the two of us.

"What's wrong with you, girl?  You know that boy's one step outta jail.  Why you
even talk to his stupid ass, let alone give 'im lip?  You're lucky he don't beat
you good."

"Wasn't my fault," Jillian said.  "He rolled up on me actin' all he-man.  Can't
jus' let it slide, y'know?"  The man smirked, shaking his head-

"Yeah, I know.  But you watch yer ass.  He's gonna be pissed now, lookin' to get
his pride back.  You steer clear."

"I will... an' thanks."

The man smiled, then as though remembering that I was there turned his attention
to me.  He looked me up and down as his smile disappeared, eyeing my collar and
leash for the first time.

"What the hell are you supposed to be?" he asked, but before I could answer he
turned back to Jillian-

"What are you playin' at, girl?  You aren't doin' anything you shouldn't be,
hunh?"

"No!" Jillian almost shouted, getting his inference and waving him off.  "Jus a
little fun, y'know?  Jus a game.  Ain't nothin'."

"Uh-huh..."  The man stared at me again and smirked like he had seen it all
before.  Shaking his head, he sighed.  "I don't know nothin'.  An' I don't wanna
know nothin'.  You take your... white boy upstairs.  Go the back way an' keep it
down."  I had thought for a moment that I was going to be rescued, but the man
simply ignored me, pulling a bottle of Malta from under the counter and popping
the top.

"Thanks, Mister Gonzalez."  Jillian smiled warmly at the man and started to walk
away, tugging on my leash.  I backed up a bit, but hesitated-

"Thank you, sir..." I said, but the man just waved me off with a chuckle as
Jillian ordered me to heel.

***

Jillian led me through a heavy fire door and then up an old, rickety stairwell. 
The halls were fairly clean but I noticed that the paint on the walls was
peeling and the stairs creaked under our weight.  She paid the surroundings no
mind however as she jogged up the steps, fishing a small ring of keys from her
front pocket and turned onto the first landing.  I saw the stairs continued up
at least one more floor.

Jillian stopped before the first of two doors and started to slide keys into
locks.  There were four of them; the door's original, two dead bolts and a
centered one that I recognized as a slide bar.  She looked back at me and smiled
sweetly as she went about her task.

"Thanks for defending me out there," she said softly.  "I wasn't expectin' that-
an' it was damn stupid.  Joel could'a beat the shit outta ya.  He's crazy too."

"So I gathered," I said and she chuckled.  "He was going to hit you."

"I been hit before."

"I- I couldn't..." She smiled again, shoving the door open with her foot and
shoulder-

"Thanks..."

The moment was over as she dragged me inside, shutting and locking the door
behind us.  "It's me, Momma," she shouted out as she looped the end of my leash
around the doorknob and ordered me down on my knees-

"Bout time, girl."  I heard an older woman's voice come from the left, what I
assumed to be the living room.  Straight-ahead was the kitchen I saw, steam
rising from the stove and making the air stifling and humid.  A short hall led
off to the right, and again I assumed the bedrooms and bathroom with a closet
just off the entryway.  The apartment appeared clean but cluttered, a mixture of
blues and whites as the theme.  There were threadbare rugs over most of the
hardwood floors except for the kitchen that I could see was layered with cracked
linoleum.

"What was all that outside before?" the other voice asked as Jillian patted my
head and ordered me to stay before trotting off to the adjoining room.

"Hold on, Momma..."

I knelt there listening as I heard Jillian explaining what had happened outside. 
Then she went into an explanation about me and I heard her voice drop to a
hushed, rushed whisper.  The other woman's voice rose and fell with confusion
throughout, mostly gasping and sputtering the occasional 'what' or 'why',
repeating Jillian's name.  I sagged, depressed and not seeing any light at the
end of this tunnel.

I heard a muffled music coming from the bathroom and then heard the shower
running as I listened more closely.  There was someone else in the apartment
then, though who I had no idea; sister or brother, husband?  There was a fish
tank on a small table there in the hall as well, so I stared at that while I
waited, watching the fish swim about the bubbling water.  They had more freedom
than I did, confined as they were.

Jillian came trotting back to me all too soon, wearing a big grin as she undid
my twine leash from the doorknob.  Once undone she looped it in her tiny fist
and drew it taut, looking down at me sternly-

"You be good," she said, "or Momma's gonna toss you out on yer ass, an' then
Joel an' his gang'll kick the shit outta ya.  Understand?"  She jerked the
leash-

"Yes, ma'am," I said, hanging my head and she giggled.

"Good boy.  Now c'mon, heel!"

Jillian turned and walked back towards the other room keeping me on my knees and
crawling behind on a short leash.  Once inside she stopped and I knelt just
behind her legs, staring at her feet as she struck a pose and patted my head.

"See, Momma," she sniggered and I heard a gasp from across the room.  "Our own,
personal white boy, doggie."  Jillian's pat turned into a gentle slap upside my
head.  "Say 'hi' to my mother, boy!"

I looked up then and saw an older black woman lying on a plush sofa, her back in
the corner and her legs stretched out and crossed at the ankles.  She was
probably fifty at least, and must have been pushing two hundred pounds.  She had
on an old, blue dress that hung to her knees and a scruffy pair of darker house
slippers.  Her breasts were huge...

"Hello, Ma'am..."

"My... god..."

I watched as she pushed a thin wire-framed pair of glasses up her nose to better
stare at me.  There was a TV tray beside the long sofa that she eased aside as
it was blocking her view.  Her dark eyes and mouth were almost comically wide as
she shifted her gaze from me to her daughter.

"My god..." she repeated, then to her daughter, "You weren't kidding.  What...
What is this?"

"I told you, Momma.  I found him on my way home.  His girlfriend keeps him like
a dog!"  Jillian grabbed my collar with excitement to show her mother, ignoring
my sudden gasp.  My dog tags jangled as she shook me, reminding me again of my
place.  "See?"

"That's bull!" the old woman snapped.  "Ain't no real man gonna let himself be
kept like a dog-"

"Not unless he wants it," Jillian said.  "An' he does!  He didn't even try ta
get away- an' he gave me twenty bucks when I asked."

"Prob'ly thought you were a whore," the woman said with a grin.  "He prob'ly
pays big to be treated like this.  Ain't never seen no white man from the West
Side didn't pay for it."  I saw the mother hold out her hand and Jillian sighed
before pulling the crumpled twenty from her tight jeans and handing it over. 
The mother tossed the bill on the TV table and stared at me again.

"That right, boy?  You payin' my daughter for all this?  What, you think she's
gonna suck you off?"

"No, ma'am," I said.  "She asked me for money so I gave it to her.  I just want
to go home."

"No ma'am... shit," she said, mocking me.  "You do got a line, boy.  YOU tell me
everything what's goin' on now, an' no lies or so help me I'll stripe your white
ass."

I sighed, and told my tale again, start to finish.  I left nothing out this
time, hoping that the older woman would take pity on me, or at least have a
sense of right and wrong.  She could not fall into all of this like the rest- or
so I hoped.  She was simply shaking her head and smirking as I finished my
story.

"See, Momma?" Jillian said.  She was sitting on the arm of the sofa, kicking her
crossed leg right in front of my face.  "I told ya.  He wants to be a dog."

"Sounds more like this 'Beth' got him wrapped round her finger.  I dunno 'bout
no hypnosis or nothin', but she got him jumpin' through her hoops, that's for
sure.  I think we better call her- tell her to come get him."

"Oh, c'mon..." Jillian whined.  "Can't we keep him?"

"Jesus Christ, girl!  Are you insane?  You don't think his girl's called the
police?"  Jillian looked at me-

"No, Momma," she said with a grin.  "I don't think his 'Beth' wants no cops
involved.  Would you?"

"I guess not," the older woman said after a minute.  "Still, we can't keep him. 
Damn girl we can hardly feed ourselves."

"But he won't eat much, an' he can do all the work around here-"

"No," the old woman said, and that was apparently that.  "Now don't be foolish
an' give me his wallet.  I'm gonna call this Beth an' get her to come get him."

I saw Jillian sigh, but she did as she was told and dug my wallet from her back
pocket.  Her mother glared for a moment, then started thumbing through the
contents.

"No money?"  Jillian shook her head.

"Like I said.  No credit cards or nothin'.  Jus' the twenty."

"James Edward Martin..." the mother said, reading from my driver's license.  "I
knew a Betty Martin when I worked for the school district.  She lived at this
address or there abouts as I recall."  I recalled that I had never gotten my
license updated and it still showed my old address from where I had grown up. 
"She your mother?"  I nodded-

"Yes, Ma'am..."

"Now what would she think to see you here on your knees like this?"

"She's dead, ma'am," I said, my voice catching.  "Both my parents, died in a car
wreck two years ago now."  The old woman sighed-

"That's too bad.  Your Momma was a real nice lady.  A good soul..."

"Thank you..."

The woman rattled off phone numbers then, asking who they were and I answered. 
I had just admitted to Beth's number when we all jumped at a gasp from the
doorway.

I glanced back to see a short, young woman staring at me.  She looked a bit like
Jillian, but where Jillian was probably five and a half feet, this slightly
younger version was not even five feet tall.  She had long, straight black hair
and probably a pretty face except that it was slack with shock to see me
kneeling on her living room floor.

"Wha... Wha..." she stammered and I had to smirk, getting used to the reaction. 
She looked cute in her confusion, fresh from her shower and dressed in checkered
boxer shorts, sports bra and rubber thongs.  Jillian rushed to her side and
escorted her- dragged her from the room.  I heard a flurry of rushed whispers as
Jillian explained in the hallway.

"I'm gonna call your girlfriend- tell her to come get you.  We can't keep you
here, much as Jilly wants to.  It ain't right.  I don't care what you all do,
but it don't got nothin' t'do with us."

"Please..." I moaned as she picked up the phone.  "Just let me go.  I'll leave-"

"No," she said, frowning as she shook her head.  "You got yourself into this,
an' I ain't getting' you out.  You want'a play 'dog' with your girl, that's your
business.  I got no problems what you do.  You get yourself free though."  She
smirked and started dialing, watching me as she listened, waiting for Beth to
pick up-

"Hello," she finally said.  "This is Rose Davis... I- I've got your boyfriend
here...

"No, my daughter brought him home, but...

"No, he's fine, but..."

I watched as the woman listened, nodding to herself and staring down at me.  I
could only imagine what Beth was telling her.  I heard the two girls re-enter
the room then, Jillian standing right at my side while her sister sat on the end
of the couch and stared at me with fascination-

"Well, I think you should come get him... No, he ain't no problem but...
Really?"  The older woman gasped and I saw her lick her lips.  By now I knew
what that meant.

"Well, I suppose... Yes, we can do that, but... He does?  He will?  I don't...
Well, all right.  I'll see you tomorrow then.  Good bye."

I looked up in despair as the mother dropped the receiver back into its cradle
and set the phone aside.  She looked at me long and hard, then looked to her
daughters-

"Apparently Miss Beth can't come over until tomorrow... after noon sometime. 
She says we should keep her boy, and make him earn his keep until she comes
round."  The mother- Rose shook her head and frowned but I saw both Jillian and
her sister light up at that news.

"Really?"

Rose nodded.  "She says he loves to work, an' he'll do whatever we tell him to. 
Is that right, boy?" she asked, staring hard at me.  I nodded-

"Yes, ma'am..."  She sighed.

"I won't deny there's stuff needs doin' around here.  It just don't seem right,
but I ain't gonna fight it.  Put him to work, Jilly."

Jillian cheered and clapped as did her sister- who I eventually learned was
called Tasha.  Jillian stepped forward and gathered my leash in her hand again,
her sister right on her heels-

"C'mon, boy.  You can start by cleanin' the kitchen an' servin' us dinner."  She
jerked on the leash and I choked but started to crawl after her, Tasha walking
at my side.  Like I said, I was fucked...

Again...




EIGHT

Dog Daze



As commanded I served them dinner.  Jillian and Tasha ate at the table in the
kitchen, enjoying their control over me as they told me to fill their glasses,
cut their meat, and wipe their lips.  I served Miss Rose in the living room
where she stayed reclining on the sofa and eating off of her TV tray.  She
simply accepted her plate and dismissed me back to the tender mercies of her two
daughters, calling me later when she was finished to collect her dirty plates.

I washed the dishes and cleaned up the kitchen after dinner was over.  Both
Tasha and Jillian were so fascinated with me that they sat at the kitchen table
to watch me work.  Occasionally they directed me at some chore, but for the most
part they just watched, giggling and grinning as I slaved for them.  After they
were satisfied that the kitchen was clean they finally allowed me to eat.

Jillian heaped a plate for me; some macaroni and cheese, a blob of mashed
potatoes and the gnawed remains of their pork chop bones.  She set the plate on
the floor beneath the table, then ordered me to my knees to eat my feast.  There
was little I could do but bow down beneath the table and dig in.  I was starving
after all, as I had not eaten all day and most of the day before.

Jillian and Tasha watched me, both crossing their legs and kicking their feet
within my line of sight.  I tried to ignore them, but it was hard even as I
shoved my face into the plate, licking at my supper.  When the plate was clear,
Tasha pulled it away and Jillian told me to lick up what I had slopped over the
edges from the floor.  They both laughed as I did.

They had me finish the rest of the dishes, then the two girls took me back into
the living room.  Rose watched as I crawled along at their feet, shaking her
head.  While Jillian and Tasha settled in to watch television with their mother
they directed me to crawl around the living room and pluck dirt from the carpet. 
I did of course...

I was crawling right in front of the couch when I heard Tasha laugh and plant
her feet on my back.  I kept working as Rose moaned-

"Tasha..."

"Oh, c'mon, Momma.  What's he gonna do?"

The mother said nothing as Tasha leaned closer, whispering into Rose's ear-

"NO!  Absolutely not!"

"Momma..."

"No!"

I felt Tasha sag as she shoved her feet into my side.  I looked up to see Rose
staring at me, thinking...  Finally she shook her head and sighed...

"All right..."

"Yes!"  Tasha cheered as she took her feet from me and grabbed my collar,
pulling my head up.  "Strip!" she ordered and I heard Jillian gasp.  She had
ordered me, so I did.  I took off my jeans and shirt, shoes and socks, folding
all and setting them aside-

"All of it!" Tasha said with a wide, evil grin and I did as told, slipping off
my underwear.  I stood there before the three women as they smiled- all of them.

"Not much down there," Rose said with a chuckle and her daughters laughed in
agreement.  Tasha slapped me-

"Back to work...slave!"

I dropped back to my hands and knees and continued picking dirt from the carpet.

After awhile I felt Tasha's legs on my back again.  I tried to keep working as
she relaxed, crossing her ankles.  My erection was huge- such as it was- and
dangling for all to see-

"Kiss Momma's feet!" Tasha commanded, and I looked over to see Rose's foot
hanging over the edge of the sofa.  Without a thought I shifted position, but as
I leaned in she pulled her foot back and out of reach.

"No!  That's too much!" she said, staring at me as I looked up at her.  I needed
to carry out my orders, and it was killing me that I could not.

"C'mon, Mom..." Tasha whined and Jillian joined in-

"Yeah, live a little."  She was on her feet and shoving my face at her mother's
feet.  I stretched out my tongue...

"No..."

Jillian ignored her mother's protests and held my head in place until I started
licking at her mother's feet.  They were clean, and smelled good, but they were
dry and chapped with calluses under the ball and heel.  I did not care...

I heard Rose moan as Jillian backed away with a laugh.  Before too long Momma
Rose had let her other leg dangle from the couch so that I could get at it.  I
kissed and licked her feet as her excitement grew, eventually removing her
slippers to better get at her feet and please her.

After awhile Rose pushed me back and away.  She was panting, breathing hard as I
sprawled on the floor, her daughters laughing at my humiliation.  Tasha stepped
up and straddled my back then, sliding her feet under my face as she gripped my
collar like a horse's reins.  She pulled-

"Giddyup!" she commanded and I started to crawl about the room, carrying Tasha
while the other two women laughed and applauded.  She rammed her heels into my
thighs to get me crawling faster, jerking back on the collar to make me rear up. 
I galloped around the room for several minutes at her direction, finally pausing
as she reined me in in front of her sister-

"Kiss, kiss, horsie..." then, "Lick, lick..." I did as she commanded, lowering
my head to the floor to lick and kiss Jillian's dirty black sneakers.  Jillian
loved the attention, and I heard her mother laugh.

"That's enough!'

I looked up at Rose's words, seeing that the clock on the wall read after
midnight.  I had been slaving for the three for over five hours, and though
Tasha and Jillian moaned in disappointment, still they listened to their mother.

"So what are you gonna do with your doggie now, Jillian?"  Rose asked as she
settled onto the sofa.  "You think he's just gonna sleep at the foot of your
bed?"

"Can he?" she asked excitedly.

"Hell's no!"  Rose said.  "You put him down for the night, an' I don't wanna
hear no whinin' girl.  Not from him... or either of you."

Jillian agreed sullenly, gathering my leash and tugging me along back into the
kitchen.  Tasha followed along, her feet slapping down as I crawled, right by my
head.  Jillian handed off my leash to her sister and strolled to a cabinet below
the sink.  She opened it and started shoving things about within.

"There's some clothesline in the junk drawer, Tash.  Get it."

The younger sister did, and I watched as she stepped up to the drawer and
started digging through it, eventually producing a wad of thick, nylon cord,
holding it up with a huge grin.  "Found it!"

They had me kneel as Jillian stepped up to my head.  She placed a foot on the
back of my head to hold me in place as she pulled my arms up and back behind me. 
Tasha quickly wrapped the cord about my wrists, running the line to my ankles as
they flipped me over.  Within seconds I was bound and naked, on my ass and
looking at these two young women-

"Please..." I moaned, but they ignored me.

"Shut up!" Jillian said, as her sister stuffed a kitchen rag into my mouth and
tied it in place with a towel.  I mmmphd into my gag as they towered over me and
laughed.  When they were through, together they twisted my bound body about,
then started kicking and shoving at me to get me to crawl into the small
cupboard below the sink.

It took awhile to get me just right, but finally I was seated on my ass in the
filthy cabinet; arms and legs bound, gagged with my head wedged into the pipes
under the sink.  The two daughters squatted down at the opening and smiled at
me-

"Comfy, doggie?" Jillian asked, tugging on my gag to tighten it.  I moaned into
my gag, hanging my head and closing my eyes, trying to keep the tears back.  The
position was hurting already and the cabinet smelled of garbage and mice.  I was
already starting to sweat.

"He's so cute..." Tasha said, reaching in to pinch my cheek.  "Look how excited
he is."  She reached between my legs and squeezed my erection, then reached up
and pinched one of my nipples between her long nails.  "I wish we could keep
him..."

"Yeah..." Jillian agreed, but her smile faded after a moment.  "I wish he hadn't
stuck up for me before.  Makes me feel bad, y'know?"

"Yeah..." Tasha nodded in agreement, standing up so all that I could see were
her legs and feet.  Jillian gave me a final smile, a long look, then stood as
well.  She closed the cabinet doors, and I heard her sliding the tiny dead bolt
that held them shut.

"We'll have some time tomorrow.  Better dream of some fun things t'do, hunh?"

"Yeah... I can't wait!  Thank God it's In Service.  No school for me!" I heard
Tasha cheer.

I heard them walk away, Tasha's thongs slapping on the kitchen floor as they
laughed and whispered between themselves.  Not long after the light went out and
I was lost to the total darkness...

***

I spent another long and fitful night there in the cabinet under the sink.  I
almost found myself longing for the relative comfort of the storage room in my
own house where I had been tied the night before.  Of course I had been hog tied
there, but at least there had been room to squirm.

The cabinet in the Davis kitchen was tiny and cramped, and my over six-foot
frame filled it quite nicely.  My arms were bound tightly behind me at the
wrists and elbows and were wedged up against the back corner.  My right arm was
quickly growing numb, both from the ropes and odd position, but my weight
pressing down through the night.  My equally bound legs were folded up with my
feet twisted oddly into the opposite corner and my knees pressing against the
lower curve of the cool rusty pipe draining from the sink.  I could feel water
seeping down my leg as well, a horrid smell of mildew.  My head was wedged
between the pipe and the wall at such an angle that it hurt to lean back for the
slightest comfort.  Worse, as I faded in and out of restless sleep my head would
nod forward and thump against the pipe.

It was miserable.  I could barely shift position, and the rotting base of the
cabinet pinched at my naked ass if I moved too much.  I could barely breathe
from the gag, coupled with the awful odors- not the least of which was my own
body odor.  I still smelled of Bill's feet, and sweat from my efforts of the day
before.  Sweating now in the stifling confines of the tiny cupboard, it just got
worse...

I heard movement at one point.  Jerking awake I hit my head in the darkness,
wondering what was going on.  I heard feet shuffling across the tiled floor of
the kitchen; moving about- then heard the sound of water in the sink above me. 
The pipes rattled and I felt water running down my leg as it drained past. 
Something clanked in the sink overhead, echoing in my ears as the sound of
shuffling feet began again and slowly faded away...

Something scrabbled past my hands, startling me to painful consciousness again. 
My eyes snapped wide and I quickly started moaning in agony as my muscles
strained for release.  I started to whimper, trying to ease my pain as something
furry slipped along my ass and then right over my bound feet a second later.  I
slammed my forehead into the pipe as I screamed, seeing stars...

Roaches crawled over me throughout the night.  I could feel them on my arms and
legs, an annoying tickle.  I felt one between my legs, scrambling through my
coarse patch of groin hairs, up onto my penis.  I shook, trying to kick and
rock, trying to get it off, remembering an old Night Gallery episode about an
insect that was put into a man's ear and crawled straight through his head,
laying eggs in the process.  I don't know if that was possible, but it scared me
shitless and I started to cry.

I wet myself...




NINE

One of the Girls



I woke finally to the rattling sound of the pipes, the water faucet turning on
full blast.  I hit my head again and moaned, trying to shift again in my
confinement, trying too to listen.

I could hear someone moving about the kitchen again clanging pots and pans and
from the smell of bacon frying; cooking breakfast.  I moaned into my gag, hoping
whichever of the three women it was that they would take pity on me and let me
out of my cramped cell.  I was smelling and hot, filthy, and I was starving as
the delicious odors of fried food came seeping into my prison.  I was ignored
however, at least for awhile.

"Girls!" I heard Momma Rose shout, slamming a cupboard door.  "Get up, now! 
Don't make me come in there!"  Then-

"We're up, Momma," and, "Coming!"

I heard the sound of pounding feet as the two girls joined their mother in the
kitchen.  Greetings of a good morning were passed all around as they all walked
around doing whatever they did to get ready for breakfast-

"Where's the boy, Jillian?" I heard Rose ask.  Apparently she had made
breakfast, ignorant of the fact that I was right there with her the entire time. 
I saw Jillian's shadow as she approached the cabinet-

"Right here, Momma," she giggled knocking on the cabinet door.  "You awake in
there, boy?"  I moaned.

"Jesus, girl," Rose scolded.  "You could'a told me."  I heard Jillian apologize,
saw through the crack in the door as she reached to open the cabinet-

"You leave him be for now.  Come eat your breakfast."

I was left there yet, while they ate.  I heard them chatting over their meal, my
stomach growling as I heard the silverware clattering and scraping on their
plates.  They talked about common things; what they were going to do that free
day from school, what they needed to pick up at the store later, how was the
weather going to be.  The conversation turned to me a time or two, but they
whispered then, lowering their voices so I could not hear.  I did hear Beth's
name as well as they all wondered when she might show up to claim me, and how
much time they had.

Finally I heard them slide their chairs back and start moving around again.  The
dishes clattered into the sink above me and I heard Rose agree that they could
be left for me, but start them soaking-

"Can we let him out now?" Tasha asked, and Rose must have nodded because the
cabinet doors finally were unlocked and flung wide.  I blinked at the sudden
light, trying to focus on the two sets of legs that moved into my line of sight. 
All at once though the two girls squatted down and peered into my makeshift
cell, both grinning widely-

"Morning, doggie," Tasha said in a singsong voice, barely containing her glee.

"Sleep well?" Jillian asked just as merrily before she wrinkled her nose and
scooted back a bit.  She waved her hand before her face and Tasha stood stepping
away.

"Phew!" Jillian said with disgust.  "He stinks."

"I think he peed on himself."

"My God," Rose moaned.  I saw her sitting in one of the chairs at the kitchen
table peering around Jillian's long legs to see.  Her face twisted in disgust as
well, but I could not help but see the slight curl to her lips for just a moment
before she started in on her daughters.  "What is wrong with you two?  You girls
are so cruel!  Get that poor boy out of there- Now!"

Jillian and Tasha both jumped at their mother's command.  I saw them hold their
breath as both squatted down again and started to roughly drag me from the
cabinet.  They grunted and heaved, ignoring my moans, giggling as I thumped and
bumped and finally sprawled on the floor between them.  The two girls stood up
and back quickly, standing on either side as I squirmed on the dirty floor
trying to stretch my limbs and get some feeling back.

I looked up at them imploringly, pleading and whining into my gag as my muscles
screamed in protest, the blood flowing freely through my veins again.  Both were
still in their nightgowns, which were long football jerseys; black for Jillian
and red for Tasha.  Jillian's hair was undone from the topknot she was wearing
the day before, and I saw that her hair actually reached just past her shoulders
and was full and rich.  She looked pretty, even without makeup and fresh out of
bed, and so did Tasha with her longer, straight hair still in disarray.  They
were both wearing sports sandals for slippers and I could smell their feet as
they stood close, wiggling their toes in my face.

"Go get him cleaned up now!  And Jesus Christ, untie him!"  I saw Rose sitting
there in her own housecoat and scruffy slippers shaking her head in dismay.  She
was not really mad I think, but rather disappointed in the way her daughters
were treating me.  She made no move to set me free, however.

"An' whichever of you two hellions had the bright idea to put 'im there for the
night can just clean up the mess he made."

"Aw, Momma," Jillian moaned- it had been her idea.  "He can do that-"

"Yes he can," Rose cut off the whining, "but I'm tellin' you to do it girl.  You
want a dog, you gotta take care of him."  I heard Jillian sigh with a huff and
when I looked up at her she was staring daggers at me, her arms folded across
her chest.  Then suddenly her lips twisted in an evil grin and I shivered.

She bent and grabbed me by the collar, grunting as she spun me about and dragged
me back, shoving me face first into the puddle of piss on the cabinet floor.  I
felt her hand move to the back of my head then as she ripped the towel from
about my mouth, then taking out the rag before holding my face in my mess.

"Bad doggie!" she hissed, then leaning in close whispered in a commanding tone,
"Lick!"  I heard Tasha giggle, as she was close enough to hear, and then laugh
out loud as a second later I felt the sting of Jillian's rubber-soled sandal as
she slapped down hard across my naked, exposed ass.

SLAP!

SLAP!

"Jillian!" Rose finally shouted and my captor paused, still holding my head
down.

"But Momma, this is how you train dogs not to mess on the floor."

"He's not a dog."

"Yes he is," Tasha snickered with glee.

"He's gotta learn, Momma," Jillian continued as I licked.  "Gotta be punished."

"Well..." I heard Rose's voice wavering as she considered.  "I suppose..."

Jillian laughed as she started in again with her mother's reluctant approval. 
Tasha joined in the fun as I felt her plant her sandaled foot between my
shoulders, then heave up on my bound arms to get them out of her sister's line
of fire.  Jillian laid in on me as hard as she could, slap after slap, both
girls laughing as I whimpered and lurched forward into the piss despite their
combined efforts to hold me still and in place.  To their delight I started
crying after the fifth stinging blow, and was begging and pleading, snuffling
between licks by the tenth.

I lost count, but eventually Rose ordered a stop to my punishment.  I must have
received twenty of Jillian's best by the time she finally dragged me out of the
cabinet again and dropped me crying to the floor.  My ass was burning from the
beating, and my face was sticky from piss and tears.  They were all quiet for a
time, watching me- maybe wondering if they had gone too far.  Finally Rose's
voice cut the tension again-

"Take him to the bathroom now and wash him up."

Without a word the two girls each grabbed me under an arm and together simply
dragged me from the kitchen.  I looked up pleading as we passed Momma Rose but
she simply stared down at me, sipping at her coffee.

The girls forced me into the bathtub once in the bathroom, grunting at my weight
as they rolled me over the edge of the tub and turned me over.  They were
breathing hard as I looked up at them through my puffy, tear-filled eyes, but
they were both smiling and I saw no pity as they stared back at me.

Tasha leaned in then and turned on the shower and soon hot water was spraying
down on me.  Jillian told her to adjust the heat- she did not want me burned-
and then they adjusted the flow as well so water poured from the spigot as well. 
Slowly the bathtub started to fill up with water beneath me and Jillian nodded
and pulled the shower curtain closed.

They left me there for a few minutes as both girls ran from the room whispering
and laughing all the way.  While they were gone I quickly tried to sit up, both
to ease the pain in my arms and butt, but also in a vain attempt, hoping to
escape.  My last order had been to lick up my piss, and neither had thought to
tell me anything before they ran off.

I winced as I put more weight on my still stinging ass but tried to ignore the
pain as I started to rotate my wrists, trying to get at the binding knots.  I
watched for their return as I plucked and picked at my bonds, twisting my arms
and craning my neck to see.  My dog tags jangled with my movements but I tried
to ignore the hypnotic melody as best I could, trying to focus on my all but
impossible task.  I thought that if I could get my hands free that I may be able
to work off the ropes about my elbows, which would be harder to remove.  It was
all one cord, and I hoped loosening the first would also loosen the other.

Too soon however the bathroom door flew open again, making the shower curtain
sweep into me and press against my body-

"Hey!"  I heard Tasha's voice and she rushed forward, jerking the plastic
curtain aside.  She looked at me sitting up in the tub, an angry scowl turning
her lips down as Jillian finally returned as well-

"What's going on?" the older sister asked, looking at me curiously as the water
rained down.

"I think he was trying to get away," Tasha said, then roughly shoved me back.  I
slipped on the slick porcelain and slumped back into the half-filled tub with a
moan.  "Bad dog!" she scolded and swatted me across the nose with a
long-handled, bristling scrub brush that I had not noticed her holding.  I
yelped in pain and surprise and they giggled.

Looking at them I saw that they had both changed clothes.  They were wearing
shorts and sports bras now, and they had both tied their hair up and back into
buns.  Too they had each donned a pair of rubber cleaning gloves, and I saw as
they knelt by the tub that Jillian had a small scrub brush in her hand, while
Tasha's long-necked brush was actually for the toilet bowl.

They laughed and chatted happily as they hunkered closer.  Jillian grabbed a bar
of soap and started to lather up my body while Tasha poured shampoo into my hair
and began to work it in.  Despite the running water, my eyes started to sting
and I started to whine and turn away.  They ignored my protests though and
continued about their task, rubbing me down.

They were not gentle, but in the same regard they were not too rough, putting
just a bit of effort into scrubbing me with the brushes, letting the stiff
bristles scour me clean.  It hurt, but oddly felt good as well, and before too
long I felt my already stiff penis growing long and hard again.

"He likes this," I heard Tasha giggle, and a second later she was cupping my
balls and stroking my dick with her thumb.  I whimpered and heard Jillian warn
her to be careful-

"We don't want him to cream," she sniggered, slapping my sore ass again for
emphasis.  "When was the last time you came, doggie?"

"I... I don't..."

"You don't what?"

"I can't."

This apparently surprised them as they both paused.  Tasha then squeezed my
balls-

"You can't get off?" she asked incredulously.  "What are you, impotent?"

"No..." I moaned feeling embarrassed again.  "I just can't.  Beth won't let me."

I knew that it had to be true.  Whatever Beth had done to me, however she had
made me into her dog she had also made me so that I could not cum.  Maybe she
had given me a command- several commands that now kept me in line but also in
the dark.  I didn't know, but with everything that had happened to me over the
weekend I had yet to get release, though my cock was almost always erect and my
balls continually ached.  Of course this information just made the two sisters
laugh uncontrollably and scrub all the harder.

"Boy..." Jillian said when she finally had contained her laughter again.  "You
are one fucked up white boy, ain't ya?"

"Yes, ma'am," I said and hung my head in shame as they started laughing again.

It took them awhile to satisfy themselves with my cleanliness, but finally they
stopped and shut off the water.  I lay there blinking water from my eyes as they
stared at me dreamily, enjoying the spectacle.  I saw Tasha giggle then,
glancing about the room.

"What?" Jillian asked, and her sister leaned close to whisper quietly in her
ear.  Jillian's face broke into a wide grin as well as she too turned to look
over her shoulder.  "Look in the cabinet under the sink," she suggested and
Tasha scooted back to do so.

"Cool," she hissed as I heard her rummaging about.  "Four bottles," she said and
shut the cabinet again before returning to the side of the tub.  I saw that she
set three colorful plastic bottles on the floor between them and held the fourth
in her slim hand as she read the back.  My eyes grew huge to see what she
held...

NAIR- the label read.  It was hair removal cream!  I started whining and
squirming in earnest then, seeing the devilish looks in their dark eyes, the
wicked, evil grins.

"Stay!" Jillian snapped as she too peered at the bottle.  "Should we test it
first, like it says?" she asked, but Tasha just shrugged.  "He may be allergic."

"Let's jus' go for it," the younger sister said as she unscrewed the lid.  "His
tough luck if he is.  Besides, what's he gonna do?"

"Okay..."

They spent the next several minutes rubbing me down from head to toe with the
fruity smelling cream.  It became overwhelming after awhile, and I was breathing
hard as Tasha gently applied a lot around my face and neck.  I had not shaved
since the morning before, but it still started to sting quickly as that was a
sensitive area.  Jillian thought that maybe they were using too much as she
started in on the fourth bottle, but Tasha pointed out how thick my hair was in
spots- like around my groin- and coarse.  They continued.

When they finally finished I was covered in the slimy cream, and there was a
thin layer on the floor of the bathtub as well from my thrashing about.  I had
started whimpering as my skin started to first tingle, then burn as the
chemicals started to work.  They of course ignored me, smirking without pity as
I started to cry.

One after the other they got up and rinsed off their gloves in the sink,
discussing just how long to keep me lathered up.  Finally they agreed to double
the suggested time, due to my thick 'fur' as they called it and left the room
without a word to me, shutting the door behind them.

I whined as the cream continued to burn, squirming in the slick tub, trying to
ease my torment.  I tried to work my way up to get at the faucet handles and
hopefully get the water running again, but the tub was too slick and I could get
no traction.  I just kept slipping and sliding around like a fish out of water,
whimpering and gasping for breath.

I don't know how long they were actually gone- it seemed longer than twenty
minutes in my agony- but finally they returned all smiles and slipped back into
their gloves.  They knelt beside the tub and Tasha poked me in the groin, wiping
gently and I saw her finger come away with a clump of slimy hair.

"I think he's done," she said accepting a wash rag from her sister who agreed. 
They turned on the shower again, letting the water wash over me for a bit before
both girls started to gently wipe me down with the rags.  My cock started to
throb at their gentle ministrations, and then to burn as the chemicals washed
away.  Tasha flicked my bobbing penis with her finger and both girls laughed as
I screamed and writhed.

Finally the ordeal was over however.  They helped me to stand as they wanted to
give me a final spray to be sure I was clean, and as they wiped me down a final
time I saw that my entire body was hairless and smooth, if not a rosy pink.  I
moaned as the stinging, burning sensation finally faded away and they were happy
to see that I did not seem to be allergic.

Jillian commented that I would have to clean the tub later as she picked clumps
of my hair from around the drain to let the water flow out.  She simply slopped
the hair at the far end where they would await me, though she did spray out the
floor to get rid of the cream still swirling at my feet.

When they were finally satisfied, Jillian undid the soggy ropes at my ankles,
then the two helped me to step out of the tub.  It was awkward as my knees were
still tied, but I managed and was ordered then to stand still as they wiped me
down with fluffy towels to dry me off.  In the end Jillian attached my ankle
ropes to my collar and then Tasha tossed her damp towel over my head with a
giggle so that I could only see my feet.  I felt Jillian's familiar tug on my
new leash-

"C'mon, doggie," she said pulling me towards the door.  "Heel."

With Jillian in the lead and her sister steadying me from behind they took me
into what I assumed to be their bedroom.  They left me bound and blind, standing
there on the dirty rug while they started rummaging about.  I heard them opening
drawers and their closet, giggling and whispering while they searched- for what
I was starting to dread.  Finally there was a pause and the towel was jerked
from my head with a flourish.

I blinked and, staring at one of the two beds, saw that they had laid out some
special clothes for me- as I had suspected.  I groaned, recognizing what they
had in mind, what Beth had suggested just two days before.

They were women's clothes, and by the look I assumed that they had to belong to
their mother.  Neither girl was large enough that I would fit into theirs and
still be able to move and while their mother was shorter than me, she was larger
and closer to my size.  I saw most prominent a pink and white uniform dress
similar to what my mother used to wear when she was alive and worked in the
grade school cafeteria.  It was fairly generic and without trim, though it had a
wide, starched collar and zipped about half way down the front.  I saw laid out
as well a white lacy bra and a silky pair of pink cotton panties that looked to
be too small and trendy for Momma Rose.  Too there were tan pantyhose and a
white, shiny slip, and on the floor before the bed an old worn pair of low
heeled black flats.

I shuddered and looked to the two sisters.  They were grinning wickedly,
watching my reaction.  Tasha was balling up socks, probably to stuff into my
bra.  Jillian smirked and ordered me to 'stay' once again as she first removed
my leash, then started to untie me.  I did as she commanded, and when I was
finally free and standing naked before them they started in.

While Jillian attached my bra and stuffed my bosom to the desired size, Tasha
took the panties in hand and squatted at my feet.  I was ordered to step into
the panties, and after she slid them up my legs I was maneuvered to sit on the
edge of the bed.  She then rolled up the hose and got them onto my feet,
ordering me to stand again so she could smooth them up my legs.  My penis sprang
out again at both the soft feel of the panties and her soft rubbing on my legs. 
They laughed of course, but simply kept on chatting about how pretty I was going
to look when they were finished, and how great of a maid I was going to be.

After Tasha got the pantyhose in position she rubbed my cock back down so that
it pointed to the floor and Jillian got the pleasure of pulling up my slip.  It
was soft and sleek, cool on my legs and I could feel my dick straining to grow
even longer.  Satisfied, Jillian then picked up the uniform itself.

She ordered me to stoop a bit and hold my arms out as I was too tall to simply
put it over my head.  I did as she said and felt the coolness of the material as
she slid it over me and tugged it into place about my hips.  She ordered me back
to attention and adjusted the zipper to show off a bit of cleavage, ending by
pushing the wadded up socks about a bit until they were properly placed.

The girls stepped back and laughed, eyeing me up and down and taunting me for a
bit-

"So pretty..."

"Who's a pretty girl now?"

"Won't Beth be surprised to see you?"  I cringed at that last.

They made me turn for them as they poked and tugged here and there.  They
considered making me up as well, but finally decided on just a bit of blush and
lipstick as I was just a maid after all and had work to do.  They ordered me to
step into my new shoes, and to my surprise they fit, if just a bit tight.  They
stared at me then, considering and making me pose.  I was blushing throughout,
my already pink skin burning with shame and my dog tags jangling with my
movements.

"I like the way his collar matches the dress," Tasha said at last.  "He's- she's
damn ugly though."  Jillian laughed-

"That's why she's a maid, Tash.  Ugly girls aren't fashion models.  They scrub
toilets."

"Hah!" Tasha laughed in agreement, then considered me again.  "I wish we could
do something with his- her hair.  Maybe a hat-"

"I got it!" Jillian said with a snap of her fingers and raced to her closet. 
She stretched onto her toes as she reached far back into the dim recesses of the
top shelf, then spun around with a white styrofoam head in her hands.  There was
a long, blonde wig of straight hair pinned to the head-

"I forgot all about this," she said as she approached, pulling the pins out and
shaking the wig free of dust as she tossed the head aside.

"Right... from Halloween a couple years ago." Tasha nodded.  "I remember."

"There should be a net in my drawer, and get some bobby pins too."

Tasha dug about for a moment and quickly returned.  They made me sit on the edge
of the bed again as Jillian pulled a tight nylon skull cap over my head.  I
reasoned that my own hair was too short as they positioned the long, blonde mane
over that and started to hold it in place by slipping the bobby pins within the
hair and nylon mesh.  It did not take long, and after fluffing out the wig a bit
they made me stand and take a final turn.

They cheered and applauded, happy with the results and forced me to look at
myself in the full length mirror.  I gasped when I saw my reflection.  With the
wig and the clothes, the little bit of make-up I did indeed look like a woman. 
My skin was smooth and blushed, and the dress hugged at my hips and false
breasts just enough to give me a slight feminine figure.  I was not fat, and I
was a far cry from pretty, but I was passable- at least from a close inspection. 
I glanced down and saw only a tiny bulge in my crotch as the four layers of
clothing kept my raging hard-on at least partially at bay.

"Let's go show Momma!" Tasha said with excitement and Jillian nodded, reaching
for one of the cast off ropes.

"You gonna tie him up again?" Tasha asked, biting her lip but Jillian shook her
head, reaching for my collar.

"Just a leash."

"Hold on."

Tasha dug into her drawers again and swiftly produced a thin leather belt, which
she handed to her sister.  Jillian grinned and slipped the tip through the metal
ring on my collar, then looped it and tightened it in place.

"That's better.  Only the best for you, missy," she said patting my cheek. 
"Heel."

They led me from the room, Tasha running ahead and barely able to contain her
excitement as she shouted ahead.  "Mamma!  Come look!"

They took me into the living room and turned me about in confusion.  A second
later the toilet flushed and we heard Rose shuffling down the hall.  I saw that
she was dressed now too, wearing a soft, cotton dress in plain blue and a pair
of dark leather casuals to match-

"You girls certainly made a mess in that tub," she said as she approached.  "You
better get that cleaned up before that Beth... comes..."

It was almost hilarious to see her face drop, her eyes growing wide and blinking
as she finally looked up and saw me standing there.  Her mouth just hung wide
for a minute while the girls' giggles grew to outright laughter.  Rose adjusted
her thin glasses as she looked me up and down, trying to speak though nothing
came out at first but her heavy breathing.  She recognized just what I was
wearing as hers and licked her lips, finally closing her mouth as she stared
between her daughters.

"My god..." she gasped, her voice hoarse with shock.  "What have you done?"

"We made the doggie a maid," Jillian laughed.  "Ain't she pretty?"

"Most certainly not."  Rose scowled as she shuffled closer, actually touching me
on the breasts and running her fingers through the wig.  "SHE is gotta be the
ugliest white girl I ever seen," she chuckled, fluffing my hair into place about
my shoulders.  "She'll do though.  These all my clothes?"  The daughters nodded. 
"An' probably my best hose too." Rose frowned.

"We'll get you some more," Jillian offered.

"Damn right you will."  Rose walked off then, past us and settled to the sofa
with a tired huff.  She kicked off her shoes and pulled her legs up, stretching
out as she reclined against the plush arm, crossing her ankles with a contented
sigh.  Finally she looked at us again and gestured towards the apartment.

"Well, don't jus' stand there.  Put your maid t'work.  There's dishes in the
sink an' that bathroom's a filthy mess."  She snapped her fingers and the
daughters laughed, Tasha giving me a playful shove as Jillian led me away,
tugging on my leash...




TEN

Maid to Order



They started me off in the bathroom.  I was given cleaner and a sponge, but they
did not give me any rubber gloves I noticed.  Maybe they were out, or maybe they
did not care.  I was ordered to clean, simply and to the point, so I did.  Both
of the girls watched me for awhile, but eventually Tasha went off to do
something leaving me alone with her sister.

I scrubbed out the sink first, then moved to the tub.  I gathered up the loose
clumps of my hair and tossed them in the trash, then leaned in on my knees and
started to scrub out the bathtub.  It was slimy and dirty from my earlier bath,
and it took awhile and a lot of elbow grease.  Jillian was sitting on the
toilet, supervising me and apparently thought I was taking too long.  She would
kick me in the butt occasionally, telling me to hurry and I did.

Tasha returned just as I was finishing up with the tub and relieved Jillian in
my supervision.  I did not need watching of course- Beth had made certain of
that- but I think they enjoyed watching me slave for them.  As Jillian left the
room, her sister ordered me to scrub the toilet out and seated herself on the
edge of the now clean tub to watch.

She had changed clothes again, now wearing a pair of jeans and a tee shirt that
was snug across her breasts, and a pair of white Adidas shell toe sneakers with
pink ankle socks that matched the stripes on the shoes.  Her hair was long and
loose again, framing her pretty face.  She crossed her legs, smiling to see me
glancing at her from the corner of my eye, then directed me back to work-

"Show's over, girl," she said with a smirk and thumping me in the butt with the
toe of her shoe to get me moving again.

I was on my knees and straining, stretching to clean the filthy tiles back
behind the toilet when Jillian finally returned.  She laughed and swatted my
ass-

"That's good, girl.  But it's getting' late an' you gotta lot a work yet.  Let's
get movin'."

Jillian grabbed the end of my leash and hauled me to my feet, ignoring the
choking sounds that I made.  I saw that she had changed into black parachute
pants with a matching sports bra and her dirty black Reeboks again.  Too, she
had her hair back in its topknot like the day before as well.  She looked hot-
as did her sister, and it was damn hard to concentrate as they put me through my
paces.

The sisters both sat at the kitchen table after ordering me to clean again. 
They chatted happily as I started in on the dishes, ordering me to get them
sodas after awhile.  Jillian stopped me to light a cigarette for her too, though
apparently Tasha didn't smoke.  I licked my lips to smell the menthol billowing
about me, and for the first time in awhile felt the old craving.  Oddly I had
not thought about a cigarette in some time before that.

After the dishes were done I went about wiping down the stove, then the counter
tops and working my way around the kitchen.  It took awhile before the girls
were satisfied, but it wasn't until Rose was called in that I finally got
approval.

"Not bad, girl," she said running a finger along the stove.  "Could be better,
though, but you'll learn."  She shuffled her foot across the tiles at her feet
as she sat at the table with her daughters.  "Didn't do the floor though," she
said pointing at my feet.  I looked down, but got the hint and sponge in hand
dropped to my hands and knees...

***

It was almost three o'clock and I was on my knees 'working' under the kitchen
table when we all heard the knocking at the door.

Once Rose was satisfied with the kitchen I was made to vacuum and dust the
apartment.  I was ordered to pick up the girls' room as best I could- it was a
mess, but I did my best.  They contemplated me doing the laundry in the
basement's machines but decided that there probably was not time.  I was
relieved at that.

In the end they ordered lunch; just sandwiches and chips, and they were enjoying
the meal and talking about the good job I did as I crawled around under the
kitchen table, shifting from one to the other as I licked their shoes clean.  I
froze in mid-lick when we all heard the gentle rapping, and Rose kicked me
lightly in the head to get me moving-

"Get that, lazy girl."

I scrambled out from beneath the table and Jillian accompanied me to the front
door taking hold of my leash.  She adjusted my hair and uniform, then nodded at
me to open the door.  I undid the locks and swallowed, swinging the door wide-

Beth stood there looking fresh and happy.  She was dressed in black jeans and
her suede boots I noticed right off, along with a black shell top tee shirt
covered by a long red dress shirt.  She had a long strapped purse slung over her
shoulder, sunglasses in her hand as she smiled up at me with first confusion,
then delight-

"Puppy..." she gasped, looking me up and down, obviously enjoying what she saw. 
She reached right out and squeezed my breasts with a giggle.  "You look
fantastic.  I just knew you would."  She looked past me then and her smile
changed to one of recognition-

"Jillian?" she said with some surprise and I heard the echo as Jillian answered
in kind-

"Beth?  You're Beth?"

Beth pushed passed me and stepped up to Jillian, giving her a slight hug as they
kissed cheeks.  "I didn't know-"

"I didn't realize-"

They laughed and Jillian turned back to face her family.  "This is Beth," she
said.  "We went to school together."  Jillian was beaming as she and Beth stood
aside allowing me to shut and lock the door.  I saw Jillian link her arm through
Beth's to lead her into the kitchen, but my girlfriend hesitated, staring at me-

"Forgot all I taught you already?" she asked, sliding a foot forward as she
waited.  I knew what she wanted and quickly dropped to my knees and kissed her
feet, welcoming her.

"Good puppy," she said and finally followed Jillian into the kitchen and took
the offered last chair.  They called me in as introductions were made, and I was
ordered back beneath the table to continue cleaning their shoes as the four
women chatted.

"I really appreciate you looking after... her," Beth said as I licked at
Jillian's well-worn sneakers.  I felt Tasha's feet on my ass, and Rose rubbed
her toe along my thigh, keeping me hot.

"It was no problem, really," she said.  "It was a bit strange at first, but it
was nice to get the free help- and the attention."  Beth giggled-

"Yeah, she does like her feet.  I do want to pay you; both a reward for finding
him, and for your time-"

"Oh, that's not necessary..."

"I insist.  It's only right, and besides it's not my money."  Beth laughed, and
after a moment the other women joined in realizing whose money it was.

"Well, when you put it that way," Rose said with a chuckle, and I saw Beth's
hand as she reached into her purse hanging on the back of the chair and pulled
out an envelope.

"For your time," she said, "and the reward.  And for the outfit too.  I doubt
you want that back."

"That's true," Rose said and I heard her open the envelope.  There was a
silence, then I heard Jillian's gasp, followed by Tasha's."

"Jesus..." Jillian said, and Rose said-

"That's too much.  We can't-"

"I insist.  And like I said..." Beth jabbed me in the ribs with the toe of her
boot and I started licking all the harder.

"Well, all right then," I heard Rose say as she closed the envelope.  I wondered
just how much of my money Beth had given them- and where it had come from.  I
quickly figured that she had maxxed out my credit cards.

"We should get going though," I heard Beth say as she slid her chair back and
stood.  She ordered me out from under the table and scooped up the end of my
leash, looping it about her fist.  "My girl has a lot of work to do at home, and
I don't want to keep Joel waiting-"

"Joel?" Jillian and Tasha gasped in unison.  Beth nodded and I shivered
wondering how she knew him.

"Yeah.  I met him outside.  He knew I had something to do with... her... and he
came up.  He seemed a nice guy, and I gave him twenty dollars to watch my car."

"Jesus, Beth," Jillian said as Tasha ran to the window and peered out.  "Your
'girl' flattened Joel's ass yesterday.  Joel wants ta kill 'im!"

"That boy's bad news, Beth," Rose added.  "You ought'a steer clear of him." 
Beth shrugged as Tasha said that he was still outside.

"He was fine with me.  A perfect gentleman- and a stud," she said grinning at
Jillian.  Jillian smiled too-

"He is that, but he's crazy mad at Jimmy here.  Best you be careful.  You want
me to come with you?"  Beth waved off the offer.

"We'll be fine, I'm sure."

We all headed to the door, and the women all kissed cheeks and hugged goodbye. 
I got pats on the head all the way around.

"If you ever need a sitter..." Tasha said and Beth laughed.

"I'll call.  And you all call too.  Stop by and we'll have some fun."

Finally Beth tugged on the leash and led me into the hall with a final farewell. 
The door slammed and locked as she started down the stairs, telling me to heel.

"Did you have fun with your new friends, puppy?" she asked, and of course I said
no.  It kept me excited and on edge throughout- but fun?

"Well, the fun's just starting," she said, jerking my leash as we pushed through
the door and stepped into the sunlight.  Beth slipped her sunglasses back on and
started digging into her purse for her keys.  I followed along, trying my best
to ignore the laughter as the people out and about recognized me for who I was
from the day before, and what I was now.  I burned with shame, but I quickly
forgot that as I looked up and saw Joel smiling at our approach.

He was sitting on the trunk of MY car- Beth's car now I supposed.  He was
waiting for her, smoking a cigarette and slid off as we got closer, striking a
pose and flexing his muscles for both of our benefit.

"Hi, Joel," Beth said cheerily, tossing him the key ring.  Joel smiled and
snatched it out of the air.  "Didn't take too long, did I?"

"Nope," Joel said with a grin as he looked me up and down.  He chuckled, "It was
worth the wait.  Who's the man now, bitch?" he asked, swaggering forward and
balling his fists.  I gasped and stepped away, straining at my leash.  I looked
about for help, but though everyone was watching, no one moved to my aid.  Even
the Davis women were just watching me, lining the windows of their apartment. 
Oddly, it was Beth that came to my rescue, stepping between us and putting a
hand on Joel's chest-

"Easy, Joel," she soothed, rubbing his broad chest and scratching at his nipples
through his shirt.  "Plenty of time for that- but later.  Open the trunk."

Joel grinned again, giving me a long look as he moved to the back of the car and
popped the trunk.  He opened it wide and stepped to the side.  I just stood
there staring, shivering in fear as Beth gave me a shove forward-

"Get in, puppy," she said as I staggered forward looking first at Joel and then
into the rear compartment.  There was a spare tire within, and a big red tool
box, a jack and a bunch of rags.  I looked at Beth, pleading-

"Get- In!" she commanded, and as Joel laughed I climbed up and into the trunk. 
There wasn't that much room, and I had to curl into a ball to fit, resting my
head on the spare tire as I looked up and out.  Joel and Beth were standing side
by side, both grinning down at me.

"You keep quiet now," Beth said.  "We have a couple stops to make, but we'll be
back home soon."  Beth patted my leg, then stepped away towards the passenger
side of the car.  Joel lingered for a moment, showing off his muscles as he held
onto the trunk lid overhead while leering down at me.  Finally he grinned and
gave me an air kiss before slamming down the lid and sealing me in.

I heard some muffled talking, then the sound of the two doors slamming shut at
the front of the car.  After a few seconds the engine roared to life and I felt
the car ease away from the curb.  I squirmed a bit, trying to get comfortable
and suddenly terrified.

Why had Beth included Joel in her little game?  What did she have planned now? 
I trembled as my imagination ran wild, and after a bit I started to cry...




ELEVEN

My Master- My Girl



They drove around for awhile, but true to her word- at least in that- they only
made a couple stops.

I was terrified there in the cramped, stifling darkness of the trunk.  I was
starting to sweat again with the afternoon heat, and I was gagging on gas fumes
and exhaust as I bumped and swayed.  And God help me, I was excited too.

I could feel my erection pressing up between my legs and I moaned, wishing for a
release that would never come.  I tried to get comfortable, but it was
impossible.  When the car bumped or turned so did I, and every movement no
matter how slight made me shudder with lust.  I couldn't even concentrate beyond
my own, aching prick.  I wondered where we were going, and what would happen to
me once we got there.

Eventually- I don't know how long- the car finally turned down a gravelly, bumpy
road and I figured that we had turned into the alley that ran behind my house. 
I was certain after a few seconds as the car turned sharply and heaved, finally
rolling to a stop as the engine died.  There was low, muffled conversation and
shortly I heard the doors opening and closing again.  Soon I heard the key in
the trunk's lock.

The trunk lid swung upward and I blinked at the bright light, trying to focus on
the two shadowy figures that swam in my sight.  Slowly they cleared and of
course I saw Beth and Joel both leering down at me.  Beth smiled widely to see
that I was all right and Joel chuckled as she spoke-

"Welcome home, puppy."  I saw that she was holding a shopping bag as she turned
to Joel.  "Bring her inside."

Beth simply turned and strolled towards the back of my house as Joel leaned in
and looped my leash in his fist.  "Out, bitch," he snapped and I scrambled to
comply as he tugged on my leash, threatening to strangle me if I didn't move
fast enough.  I staggered to stand on the back lawn, actually tugging down my
dress as he slammed the trunk shut again.

Joel jangled my car keys in one hand as he looked me up and down, finally
nodding at two grocery bags at his feet.  "Bring those," he ordered and started
tugging me along even as I bent to scoop up the bags.  I hurried after his long
stride, jogging swiftly up the back steps and following him into the kitchen.

Beth was just draping her purse over one of the kitchen chairs when I stumbled
inside, stupidly waiting for direction.  She smiled-

"Put the groceries away, puppy.  Then bring us each a beer."

"Yes, ma'am," I said humbly and heard Joel's laugh-

"Shit..."

He followed Beth into the living room, dropping the car keys on the table as he
passed.  I was left alone, untied and with a straight shot at the back door and
my car.  All I had to do was grab the keys and run.  I would be free...

But all either of them had to do was yell out for me to 'stop'.  I would be
screwed, and punished.  Joel would beat the crap out of me- or worse.  I licked
my lips, trembling...

After I put away the groceries- beer and soda, snacks- I did as Beth had
commanded and brought them their beers.  I found them sitting together on the
long leather couch.  Beth in fact had one leg draped over his, her hand up under
his shirt as they broke from a passionate kiss.  Joel grinned, his expression
somewhere between lust and arrogance, thinking he had won.  Beth smiled sweetly
and pointed to the coffee table-

"Open the beers and light me a cigarette," she ordered, her hand still playing
under Joel's shirt.  I popped the tops on the beers and Joel said-

"Gimme that, bitch!"  I did, then flicked two cigarettes from the pack on the
table and lit them, passed them out.  They did not thank me and blew smoke in my
face for my efforts.

"Get cleaning puppy," Beth said.  "In the kitchen though.  Joel and I want to
get better acquainted."  Joel chuckled as he leaned in and kissed my girlfriend,
making sure that I saw it before I left the room.

There was plenty to keep me occupied in the kitchen.  Plenty to clean.  It
looked as though they had made several meals while I was gone as the sink was
piled high with dishes and there were plates and glasses scattered about the
countertops and table.  Too there was a pile of Chinese Take-out containers
littering the room as well as newspapers and magazines.  The garbage by the door
was overflowing, and there was a huge sticky stain on the tiles in front of the
refrigerator- tiles that I had just scrubbed clean a couple days before.

I sighed, depressed, wondering if that had purposely left everything for me. 
Ken was not the best at picking up after himself, but this seemed a lot, even
for him and Cindy combined.  Maybe they had had friends over.  I wondered what
my own room looked like and unconsciously glanced at the little store room where
I had spent my last night here.  I shuddered with a sudden chill.  Then I got to
work...

***

I could hear Beth and Joel as I worked.  I turned up the water, at first
drowning out their talking but before too long I could hear my girlfriend
starting to moan with pleasure.  I could only imagine what they were doing- or
actually I could easily picture it in my head as I was certain that we had done
it too.  Beth did love her sex.

Regardless I tried to tune them out, wishing that I had the courage to go in and
beat the shit out of Joel, or simply to run away.  I could not break whatever
spell Beth had placed on me though, and the constant jangling of my dog tags
dangling from my collar kept me well in my new place.

I was just finishing up the dishes when I heard a car pull up into the back
yard.  I looked up in horror to see Ken's sign truck roll in beside my old Ford
and after a moment I saw him and Cindy both get out of the truck.  Ken looked at
my car, probably annoyed that it was in his spot but he simply shrugged and
walked towards the back door alongside Cindy.

I paled, wondering what I should do.  I wanted to hide.  I wondered what he
would say to find me here, wearing a dress and slaving away at Beth's whim.  I
wondered too what he would think to find Beth making out with Joel in the living
room.  God... would he save me- finally?

I trembled, licking my lips in anticipation, wiping at the countertop to keep
from screaming.  I jumped to hear the back door slam shut, then winced to hear
Cindy's gasp of shock.

"Who are you?" Ken said in all honesty.  He apparently did not have a clue.  I
glanced at them, trying hard to smile and I saw Cindy clutching at his arm-

"Ken..." she whispered, "it's Jim..."

Ken blinked, a stupid look washing over his face.  He opened his mouth to say
something, then blinked again-

"My god..." he mumbled, then heard Beth's moan from the living room.  Ken
dropped the bag he was holding and dashed into the front of the house as Cindy
stood there and stared in disbelief.

"Oh, god, Jim... What's she done to you?"

Before I could answer we both heard Ken's shouting, almost shrieking from the
front room-

"What the fuck is goin' on?  Who the hell is this?  I told you I didn't want
this shit goin' on, Beth!  Now get the fuck outta my house!"

Cindy started for the living room, telling me to 'come on'- thankfully- so I
followed.  I saw Beth and Joel still on the couch, Ken standing over them and
shaking a fist at them.  Joel had his shirt off now, his belt undone and his
shorts just barely covering the bulge of his huge cock.  He looked pissed and
probably would have been on his feet already and fighting Ken if Beth wasn't
scratching at his chest and holding him in place.  For her part she was simply
smiling sweetly up at Ken while he ranted.  She glanced at me and Cindy and her
smile widened briefly.  I noticed there was a wet stain about the right nipple
of her shirt as she finally eased forward.

"Just calm down, Ken."

"Calm down?  Calm down!  Jesus Beth!  What the hell did you do to Jim?  He's
wearin' a dress-"

"A maid's uniform," she countered calmly, ignoring his rage.

"I don't fuckin' care if it's a gunny sack!  It's a dress!  I told you I didn't
want-"

Beth pulled an envelope from the folds of her red shirt piled beside her on the
couch and tossed it onto the coffee table.  Ken stopped in mid-rant and looked,
first to it, then back at her.  Joel was grinning widely now as she played with
his nipple.

"What the fuck is that now?"

"Open it," Beth said with a conceited grin, crossing her legs and kicking her
foot impatiently.  I stared at that, and she glanced at me knowingly.  Ken
picked up the envelope and looked inside.

"Holy shit..."

Cindy, fearing the worst left me standing there and rushed to the side of her
man.  She put a hand on his shoulder, looking at the envelope as Ken pulled out
a thick stack of bills.  Even from a distance I could see that they were mostly
hundreds.

I made a quick calculation in my head- or did my best- wondering just how much
Beth could have gotten from my savings and checking accounts.  Couple that with
four maxxed out credit cards and the amount became staggering, at least to me. 
I never finished the adding as I heard Cindy swallow-

"Jesus..."

"I've got a proposition for you, Ken.  Jim won't be needing his bedroom anymore,
and I'd like to move in."  Ken looked up in confusion, but Beth waved off his
stuttering.

"She doesn't need much room.  She can sleep in the storeroom like you had her
the other night.  Or we can keep her out in the garage- I don't care.  Point is,
there's enough money there to pay her debt that she owes, AND pay ALL the rent
and utilities, the groceries and whatever for at least a year.  ALL of it, for
two- me and you.  I'll take Jim's old room, and you keep yours, same deal as you
had before, but with me now.  We can even sell off his old junk that I don't
want and split the profits..."

"I... I..."

"There are provisions though.  Joel will be around when I want, just like Cindy. 
And she-" Beth pointed at me, "stays as she is, or how I want her, whether
that's in a dress, or naked, tied up or what.  No questions or arguments from
you.  You don't have to join in- you are welcome to of course- both of you- but
you don't tell me what to do either if you don't like it."

"But...this money..."

"I emptied out his accounts and credit cards," she said with a shrug and Joel
chuckled.  "There'll be calls and questions I'm sure.  People will come around
looking for him- but he won't be here.  She will!  Jim left as far as we know,
ran off to Mexico or Canada or wherever, we have no idea.  His sister gets the
bills, as his parents are dead.  She's still his beneficiary.  No harm, no foul
and no skin off any of us."

I saw Ken lick his lips and could not believe he was actually considering.  I
heard Cindy-

"Ken... You can't do this.  He's your best friend."

Ken glanced at Cindy sheepishly, then turned his gaze on me, licking his lips
again.  He turned back to the wad of bills in his hand and hung his head...

"Okay..."

"Ken!" Cindy shrieked as Beth grinned and clapped.

"Great!" Beth exclaimed, leaning forward and planting both feet on the floor. 
"Puppy, four more beers.  Time to celebrate!"

I was almost crying as I trotted back into the kitchen and gathered up four
fresh beers.  Ken had sold me out for what... a couple thousand dollars?  Five
tops, as I knew that rent and utilities for a year would never exceed that,
leaving plenty for groceries and emergencies, gas for his truck and plenty of
paint for his signs.

My only hope of salvation was Cindy, but when I returned to the living room she
was seated on the couch next to Beth, with Ken in a chair that he had slid
closer.  I sagged as she looked up, forcing a tight smile.  I was certain that
she was struggling with all this, but figured that her love for Ken had won out
over her sense of right and wrong.

She took her beer along with the others...

***

The day rolled on, and they kept me hopping throughout.

When I wasn't waiting on their new little clique hand and foot, Beth sent me
back into the other parts of the house to keep cleaning.  I was ever at their
beck and call of course, but I was made to keep cleaning the kitchen, and if I
got done with that I should do the bathroom.  I nodded in compliance to her
commands and went about my business- such as it now was.

I was on my hands and knees again, scrubbing at the stain on the kitchen floor
while they all chatted in the other room, getting to know one another,
especially Joel.  They were all chatty- all except Cindy who didn't say much at
all until I finally heard her ask Beth how she had done it.  I heard Beth
giggle-

"It was simple really, once I thought about it.  It was just a couple weeks ago,
right in there," Beth said pointing at my bedroom I imagined.  "I was lying on
the bed, enjoying the moment while Jimmy licked me out, down my legs, started
kissing my feet.  I thought that was pretty great, and I knew his birthday was
coming up so I wanted to do something really special that night.

"I took the bus out to that little store by the drive-in that sells the dirty
videos.  I didn't know what I was looking for really- just something to spice up
the night.  Maybe a video or some handcuffs, a gag or something.  I saw a book
on Erotic Hypnosis that caught my attention.  I didn't know what it was about,
but I thought it might be... fun.

"I thumbed through it, and god did I get hot as I imagined doing some of the
things it said to Jimmy.  It was sort of vanilla, but it explained enough that I
knew I could do a few things and give both of us a wild night for his birthday. 
I bought it- and the dog tags with my name engraved, but as I rode home on the
bus I started to think why I should just do it for a single night.  I thought
that it'd be great to just give Jimmy a gentle push here and there, make him
more attentive and loving.  It wouldn't be anything that he wouldn't want to do-
the book made that clear enough as I was just starting out.  But I had to wonder
just what Jimmy wouldn't do?  After all, he was already licking and kissing my
feet, and he had begged me to tie him up and let him be my slave- just for fun. 
I wondered how far I could take it."

"So you hypnotized him?"  I could hear the excitement now in Cindy's voice,
obviously intrigued.

"That's right," Beth continued.  "Just the next night.  I practiced a bit, but
when I had Jimmy hot and exhausted after eating me out and sucking him off it
was easy.  I used the dog tags as something for him to focus on, a candle making
them sparkle as I dangled them and jingled them.  It was hot in his room, and
dark and relaxing, and it didn't take long at all to put him under.  He was
already putty in my hands, and I just made it official."  I heard Beth giggle as
she sipped at her beer.  I heard the scratch of a match and knew they were all
smoking now, caught up in her story.

"I used the dog tags as a focus.  I told him that every time he saw them or
heard them, or even felt their weight that they would reinforce my commands and
his devotion.  I asked him questions; what he wanted from our relationship, what
his fantasies were, how much he loved me and what he was willing to do for my
love- things like that.  There wasn't a lot he's not willing to try, let me tell
you.  I used that, giving him suggestions and subliminal commands, things that
he would remember- but wouldn't if you know what I mean."

By the silence I heard I imagined that the rest were nodding that they did.  I
knew I did, starting to remember that night with the candles, Beth whispering in
my ear while she stroked my cock.  Had I really been that easy?

"I did it a few times, reinforcing my commands for over a week up until his
birthday.  I'd give him little things to do in the meantime; bring me a Coke,
light a cigarette, drive me somewhere- then I would just ignore him, not say
thank you or anything.  He whimpered now and then," Beth said with a sly grin. 
"You should have seen him last weekend when I made him stand outside the Mall
holding my pink purse up for two hours.  He was almost crying from the
humiliation.  He did it though, and I knew I had him.  On the night of his
birthday I put it all together.  And the rest is history, like they say."

There was silence from the other room as I renewed my scrubbing.  I had been
right.  Beth HAD hypnotized me, not that that knowledge did me any good now.  I
was stuck as her TG slave with no hope of escape now that Cindy had seemingly
gone to the dark side.  She was my only hope- though there was another I had
forgotten.  Yeah, I know...

"So, he'll do anything?" I heard Cindy ask after awhile.  Her voice was shaking
and timid, but still sounded intrigued, wanting more.

"So far," Beth replied.  "From what I hear he's licked feet at his job and
slaved for three black women in the 'Hood'.  My friend Jillian and her sister
tied him up and took off his body hair, and he let them."

"But how can anyone just order him around?" Ken asked sounding confused.  He was
a little slow.

"Subliminal commands, Ken.  As long as you order him, he'll do most anything. 
It's the dominance thing that makes it work.  He wants it, deep down.  Want to
give it a test?" Beth asked, and by the silence I imagined that they all did.

"Bring us four more beers, puppy!" Beth commanded, and despite what I knew, and
my best efforts I found myself doing as she ordered, trotting happily into the
other room with four cold beers.  I handed them out.  Ken took his shaking his
head, and Cindy took hers wide-eyed.  Joel just grinned and said 'Thanks,
bitch', and Beth just smiled, looking at me.

"Get down on your knees, puppy," she said, pointing to the floor right in front
of Joel.  Joel stared down at me, still grinning but looking a little confused
as well.

"Puppy..." she said sweetly and softly, "I want you to pull Joel's shorts down,
and suck his dick."  It was a request, not a command and I hesitated looking up
at her with huge, pleading eyes.  Joel for his part flushed and sat up a little
straighter-

"What the-"

"Please, Beth..." I begged, cutting him off.  "Please don't-"

"See," she said, cutting me off in turn.  I didn't order him, so he thinks he
doesn't want to.  I know otherwise though.  Watch...

"Take out Joel's cock and suck it!"

There was nothing else to do as I reached forward and tugged at Joel's
underwear.  He tried to bat my hands away at first, but Beth's hand on his arm
made him stop.  Joel nervously settled back and watched as I eased his shorts
down and his prick sprang free.  I heard Cindy gasp-

It was huge, ten inches at least and already erect and dripping.  I knew just
looking at it that it would not take much to get him to explode.  That didn't
stop me though as I shuffled forward on my knees and leaned in, opening my mouth
as wide as I could to take it all in...

"Oh god..."  I heard Ken somewhere far away.

I heard Cindy gasp again as I slid Joel's huge, fat cock deeper and deeper into
my throat.  I started gagging as it scraped the back of my throat, and it was
already pulsing as I closed my lips about its base, shoving my nose into his
pubic hair as I slid forward and back.  I looped my tongue about his shaft, just
a gentle caress and I felt his explosion.

Hot jism plowed into the back of my throat and I gagged as Beth put her hand on
the back of my head to hold me in place-

"Swallow..." she commanded, and I tried, sucking as fast as I could, trying to
breathe, not to gag as my mouth filled with cum.  After the initial reflex my
throat opened up and I was able to take it down.  I felt shot after shot burning
down my throat.  I could hear Joel moaning in pleasure and Beth laughing as she
shoved my head up and down his shaft.

Finally he subsided and I sagged back with my butt on my heels.  Beth let me go
and I eased the huge, softening cock from my throat and mouth.  I swallowed and
swallowed, licking my teeth and sucking in all I could- trying to swallow.  I
heard Joel sigh as his legs stretched out.  I looked up at him and he was
smiling dreamily, his inhibitions gone.  I could hear Cindy panting as well, and
when I glanced her way she had one hand down her pants and her other down Ken's
as they madly kissed.

"Clean it bitch!"

I looked up at Joel and saw him smirking down at me.  If there had been the
slightest doubt before it was long gone now.  He had won in the end.  He had
killed me without raising a hand, and I knew it as I eased forward and started
to lick the cum from his soft, huge cock.

I glanced at Beth, hoping maybe she would end all of this, or at least give me
the praise I craved.  She simply smiled that sweet smile I loved and leaned back
in the sofa, extending her legs.  She propped them on my shoulder and crossed
her ankles, taking first a sip of beer and then a long drag from her cigarette. 
She blew smoke in my face.

"Good, puppy..."




TWELVE

The Last Command



I didn't see Cindy much after that.  Little by little she stopped coming around
and she never really ever joined in after that first night.

That was no problem for Ken.  He went through women like socks.  In the months
that followed he brought around Cathy and Donna, Rachel and Anna, and even
another Cindy.  None of them really took to my... condition.  Except Donna that
is.

She had a cruel streak.

None of them helped me either.

Life went on for Ken, and not having to worry about bills for a year he managed
to do some great work.  He bought a new truck and got his business booming with
the free money that he took in.  I was sort of sorry that Cindy number one
missed out on his success.  She had gone through a lot.

Ken never really joined in like I think Beth hoped he would.  Maybe it was
because I was his friend once upon a time, or maybe he was more homophobic than
he wanted to admit.  I don't know.  I blew him a couple times- once at a party
when he was too drunk to realize what he was doing, and once when we were all
alone and he forced me to, just to see.

Still, he stayed there, him in his room and Beth in hers.

Joel came around almost everyday at first.  He, unlike Ken found that he loved
having control over me and demanded a blow job almost every day.  Beth loved to
watch him force me, and even more when he started duking me up the ass on a
regular basis.  Because of her, I learned to love it too.

All things must end however, and Beth eventually became bored with Joel.  She
found bigger and better cock, though he still came around on occasion for old
time's sake.  Counting him and Ken I must have blown a couple dozen guys before
too long, though Beth really never chose any of them to be an actual boyfriend. 
She did love her sex, but I guess she always kept a special place for me in her
heart.

I saw Mamma Rose only once more before she passed on.  It was that November when
Beth and I joined the Davis family for Thanksgiving dinner, which I cooked.  I
was getting pretty good at cooking- at all my domestic chores, and I had to
admit that I wanted to show off a bit.

Beth and I spent the whole day with Rose, Jillian and Tasha, and I cooked and
served dinner.  They loved it, and I blushed with their praise.  After I cleaned
up that day I got to spend the rest of the holiday on my knees at their feet,
and I loved it.  I have to admit that after all they had put me through, all the
humiliation, Jillian and Tasha really excited me, and I loved our time with them
and those times when they later visited us.

I was sad to hear when Rose died just before that Christmas.

I was sent back to work too, of course- that next Wednesday.  Beth went with me
to explain to Bill my manager how I would be coming dressed as a woman, and
after just a bit of coaxing he finally agreed.  I suppose it did not matter
whether the store's porter was a man or a woman, and as I spent most of my time
under Bill's desk no one hardly saw me anyway.

I did get to make the rounds giving foot massages and licking shoes for anyone
who wanted- usually just the female cashiers and the meat wrapper, though the
butcher did ask for a massage once.  Tammy, Rhonda, Linda and all the rest made
good use of my talents- and every week I got a paycheck.

Who could ask for more?

The creditors started calling, just as Beth predicted, all day every day.  She
had her story down pat though, and every call was answered the same-

"He's gone and I don't know where.  You should contact his sister at..."

It was only about a month before my sister, Patty came knocking on the door.

She was confused, and pissed, wondering where I was and what was going on...

You should have seen her face when I opened the door in my maid's uniform.

You won't believe what happened.



But that's a tale for another time...



The End



Story (c) Carnaj: 2005




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  carnaj


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





