BDSM Library - Bobbi




Bobbi
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bob contacts a writer of BDSM-fiction who soon turns Bob into his slave-slut. He is taken deeper and deeper until he is no more than a mere plaything, an object.
Bobbi 
by 2NN 

This story deals with extreme S&M and homosexuality, so if you are a
minor or easily offended, stop reading now. 

Chapter 1 
Bob had been searching the Net and many other places for the
right master for a long time. Mostly his efforts had been for nothing,
either resulting in nothing or a huge disappointment. He had searched
for a man, a master who could dominate him and subject him to the
somewhat extreme kind of torture and dominance he was looking for. So
far his most successful and enticing experiences had been with
self-bondage. 

Bob had also long read BDSM-stories on the Net and there were many good
stories, but few great stories. Recently, however, he had stumbled
across a number of stories that were extreme. Very extreme. And very
arousing. So Bob, remembering the motto "Who dares wins", decided to
write the man who had written these stories. If nothing else he could
tell him how much he liked them. 

Bob had written telling the man how much he would like to meet him and
how much he would love to worship the man's cock, how in effect he
wanted to submit. It wasn't a letter he had really expected a reply to,
but not long after he had sent it, a reply had none the less come. The
man thanked Bob for his kind words and regretted that he didn't live
anywhere near Bob so that they could meet. Then the email went on to
become a much more direct reply to Bob's email. The man clearly would
like to dominate Bob, even if he couldn't actually be there to do the
physical part of it. The man wanted Bob tied up, forced to wear
stilettos and chastity devices, to go through strict routines before
being allowed to even masturbate. 

Bob decided to reply in kind and show the man what he was made of. He
photographed the lower part of his body while he performed some of his
self-inflicted S&M tricks: clothespins on his cock and his scrotum
carrying a large weight by a pair of handcuffs secured around it. He
thought it was very nice and that it was bound to excite the man. Bob
described how he had used to do these things to himself. He also wrote
how he had stopped doing these things, since it would be much more fun
if someone did them to him instead. 

The reply from the man was enthusiastic, but really just more of the
same he had already written. Since the man had clearly indicated that he
lived a long way from Bob and that it was unlikely they ever meet, Bob
wrote the thing off as an arousing, but short-lived episode. He went
back to what he had done before. 

A few months went by and suddenly there was an email from the man who
had written the stories. Bob's heart began to beat a little faster as he
read the man's mail: 

Hi Bob 

I'll be coming to your part of the world in three weeks. I was wondering
if you were still up for the games we have talked about? You have always
sounded like you could need a firm hand and I am certainly up for giving
you that firm hand. 

How about we meet and talk it over? Saturday the ... is good for me.
It's your part of the world so how about you suggest a place? Then we
can talk it over and see where it goes. 

Take care, ... 

Suddenly, now that the opportunity was finally there, Bob began to get
cold feet. What if the man was creep, a complete psycho? What if he was
a disappointment? Bob wasn't at all sure he wanted to do this, even if
this was the possibility to live out some of his sexual fantasies. But
then he thought of how nothing ventured was nothing gained and decided
to take the man up on his offer. He wrote him suggesting a suitable
meeting place and time. The reply was not long coming, accepting Bob's
proposal. 

In the three weeks before the meeting Bob was filled with doubt, but he
silenced every one of them with a litany of: "We'll see how he is and
take it from there." 

When the day arose Bob had calmed his fears and was now merely excited
in the same way you would be exited about taking the new thrill-ride at
some theme park. It might feel very wild while you were on it, but
really it was nothing. 

The meeting place was a cafï¿½, not too public and not too private, with
just enough people to blend in unobtrusively and Bob arrived about
fifteen minutes before the time they had agreed on. Instead of
exchanging pictures to identify each other by, they had agreed on some
pieces of clothing to wear and Bob carried a rather distinctive bag the
man could recognize him by. Bob sat down at a table in the back and on
the precise minute they had agreed upon, a man wearing the a shirt
recognized by Bob and holding a copy of last week's Newsweek appeared.
He immediately spotted Bob and headed towards his table. 

Bob was surprised. Bob was 6'4" and in good shape had somehow assumed
that the man would be smaller and less powerful than himself. That was,
however, not the case. The man was definitely taller than Bob; perhaps
6'6" and he looked fit, well trained. His eyes were clear and piercing
and he smiled at Bob as if privately amused. Bob's heart began to beat a
little faster again. The greeting was short and after ordering a cup of
coffee, the man cut right through the small-talk Bob had been about to
start. He didn't speak particularly loud, so there was no real danger of
the tables next to them overhearing their conversation, but all the same
he clearly wasn't lowering his voice to accommodate anyone or to be
discrete. He had a slight accent that Bob couldn't place, but it wasn't
that much so Bob let it go. 

Bob liked him instantly. The man was clear about what he wanted to do
and those wishes did not deviate from what he had written in his mails.
He wanted to get Bob into a pair of stilettos and a pair of rubber
panties. He wanted to tie Bob up, crop his ass, plug it and make Bob
blow him. There were plenty of other things he wanted to do to Bob, many
of them very much to Bob's liking, but for now he just wanted to get
started. They discussed practicalities for a short while, agreeing on
using Bob's place, agreeing on a safe-word of sorts (Bob would hum if he
wanted to stop) and finally agreeing on absolutely no sexual contact
without the use of condoms. Then, having hardly finished their first cup
of coffee, they left. The man saw no reason to linger and as they left,
he made quite sure that from now on he would be in control. He would
brook no argument and tolerate no opposition. Bob would do as he was
told. 

First they had to get to Bob's place. The man simply ordered Bob to
drive ahead, while he followed in his rented car. The drive was short
and while the man parked, Bob waited outside his door. When the man
joined him he carried a very large black duffel bag. They entered and
the man said: "Give me a tour of the place." Bob turned to begin when
the man said with some force: "Stop. This is not the way I want it." Bob
turned around and started to ask what he wanted. To be honest he thought
it was a little early to begin since they had only just closed the door
behind them and he wanted to say this. As he turned to say it he found
the man standing disturbingly close to him and just as Bob opened his
mouth to speak the man interrupted: "Trousers and underwear around your
ankles. On all fours facing away from me." When Bob opened his mouth to
object, the man merely said "Now" in a very intense tone. Bob felt a
distinct submissive thrill in his stomach. Maybe moving fast was good. 

He dropped his pants and lowered his boxers until they lay around his
ankles and then he dropped to his knees and leaned forward to stand on
all fours. He heard the man opening the bag and turned his head to see.
"Eyes straight ahead, slave." Bob quickly looked straight ahead. Maybe
this was going to be good, very good even if it was a bit unnerving and
they were moving awfully fast. 

Behind him he heard the sound of rubber snapping, followed by the sound
of the man rummaging through the bag. Then a rubber-clad hand closed
gently, but firmly around his genitals. The rubber glove touching him
was cool, but the touch sensuous and Bob felt how his cock began to get
hard. A second rubber-clad hand joined the first and the hands began to
stroke and fondle Bob's genitals very gently. Bob emitted a low moan as
he got rock-hard. 

The fondling continued for a while as Bob completely forgot what he was
doing on his knees, lost in the moment. Then he felt a leather strap
being tied gently around his scrotum and the fondling suddenly stopped.
As he began to turn his head, he again heard the command: "Eyes front!"
and quickly looked straight ahead. "Now, slave, give me a tour of your
home. You will look straight ahead at all times, asking for permission
every time you must turn. Get going!" As the man got up Bob could feel
that his cock was now leashed, one more sigh that the man was in
complete control. Not that Bob needed this reminder, but it enhanced the
submissive thrill he was experiencing. 

With that Bob began to crawl through his home, showing the man the rooms
and what was in them. The whole thing would have been dreadfully boring
and a waste of time if it hadn't been for the overwhelming sense of
being controlled Bob got. In every room he was stopped as the man pulled
Bob deeper and deeper into submission. In the bathroom, the first room
they came to, the man lubed up Bob's ass and penetrated him with first
one, then two and finally three fingers. Still looking stiffly ahead,
Bob's moans increased in strength as the intrusion grew and his moans
acquired real urgency when the man used his other hand to manipulate
Bob's cock. Soon Bob was panting as he felt his orgasm approaching, but
just then the man withdrew his hand from Bob's cock and his fingers from
Bob's ass. Bob whimpered and almost began begging, but a warning sound
from the man's throat made him change his mind. 

As Bob crawled ahead of the man into the next room, his cock was still
throbbing and ready and Bob was hoping that he would be allowed to cum
this time. That, however, was not to be. Instead the man used a short,
narrow paddle to beat Bob's ass viciously a couple of time before moving
on. After that the tour consisted only in Bob being subjected to new
humiliations. A dildo, neither very large nor very small was shoved up
his ass. To the dildo was tied a string and tied to the end of this
string was a five pound weight. As Bob moved along on all fours, he had
to clamp his ass tightly shut in order to drag the weight along as
ordered. To make matters worse, a string was tied around the head of his
still embarrassingly erect cock with yet another weight on a string for
Bob to drag along. Finally the man cut away Bob's underwear and stuffed
them in Bob's mouth. Things were definitely moving too fast, but Bob was
too busy enjoying it to object. It looked like he had finally met the
real deal. 

The tour ended in the bedroom where Bob was made to kneel, face down in
a corner while the man prepared the bed. When he had prepared the bed,
the man came over to Bob and with surprising gentleness again began
stroking Bob's cock, while letting two fingers roam around in Bob's ass
after first removing the dildo in his ass and the string attached to
Bob's cock. Again he had Bob moaning with lust and again he denied him
release. Instead Bob was ordered to undress and get on the bed. The bed
had been covered with a black rubber sheet and to the bedposts chains
with cuffs had been attached. As he saw them, Bob felt shivered with
nervous anticipation. 

Soon Bob was tied down spread-eagled on the bed, his only piece of
clothes being his own dirty underwear firmly lodged in his mouth. These
the man now removed as he put on a condom and ordered Bob to blow him.
He sat on Bob's chest and used Bob's hair to pull Bob close to his cock.
Bob had been fantasizing about this ever since he had read the man's
first story and he wasn't about to pass up the chance to prove his worth
as a slave. His sucked and licked for all he was worth, in spite of the
awkward position and after a while the man moaned, laid back his head
and shot his load. He quickly recovered and before his cock had gone
flaccid, he had removed the condom and let go of Bob's head. 

Once he had disposed of the condom he returned his attention to Bob. He
declared that he thought that Bob had too much body hair, a situation he
would take of immediately. In their exchange of e-mails Bob had
suggested that the man remove Bob's body hair with wax, but he hadn't
figured on the man being so thorough or that he used no other means of
hair removal. Soon Bob was yelling and screaming as the hairs on his
body, even the very thick bush in his crotch, was pulled out using wax.
Bob was very close to humming and thus using their safe-word, but the
man seemed to know Bob's limit intimately. Every time Bob had just about
had enough, the man turned his attention to Bob' cock and soon was Bob's
mind was occupied not with the pain of hair removal, but with his
terrible unfulfilled need. Before he knew it, his front was completely
hairless and quite smooth. The man then took the time to rub Bob's skin
with some kind of massage oil, making Bob feel surprisingly relaxed, if
very horny. 

Then Bob was released from his bonds, flipped over and tied again as the
man turned his hair removal attention to Bob's back. Again it was
surprisingly painful, especially under his balls and in the butt-crack,
but again the man managed to distract Bob by manipulating his by now
very needy cock. When every last hair on Bob's body had been removed and
the man was rubbing him with oil, Bob felt surprisingly used. The man
had turned the hair removal into a much more intensely sadistic ritual
than Bob had imagined it to be. Bob was hornier than ever and had the
feeling that this was going to be much more intense than he had even
hoped for. 

The chains holding Bob's legs were slacked a little and he was made to
stand on his knees, his head pressed to the rubber sheet as his arms
were still tied wide. First the man used the slack in the chains to
equip Bob with new footwear. It was a pair of stiletto boots, made of
black lacquer with five-inch heels. They were quite small and Bob knew
they would hurt his feet terribly when he was forced to walk in them,
but for now it was OK since he was kneeling. Then the man forced a very
large, red rubber ball-gag into Bob's mouth and covered his eyes with a
thick, padded rubber blindfold. 

In the darkness Bob felt and heard how the man got off the bed and went
to get something in his bag. The darkness and helplessness was getting
to Bob in a big way. The fact that he couldn't see what the man was
doing, that he was gagged so he couldn't cry for help and the fact that
his bonds made him completely unable to resists the man scared Bob very
much. It scared him stiff in fact. Stiff, throbbing and panting with
unfulfilled need. Bob felt the man sealing his hands inside small rubber
mittens, preventing Bob from even moving his fingers and rendering his
hands useless. Then he felt the slight touch of a stick of some kind
being rested, ever so gently, against his buttocks and he knew what was
coming. It felt like a bamboo stick and at first the blows came slowly,
but gradually both the pace and the force of the blows picked up until
it became a storm of vicious cropping, making Bob scream with pain.
Right before it became too much, as Bob was getting afraid he might get
permanent scars on his ass, the man stopped his beating and jumped on
the bed. Faster than Bob would have thought possible he lubed up Bob's
ass and entered him from behind. His cock was of average size, but it
made Bob moan with lust as he felt it filling up his ass. As the man
began pumping in and out he reached around and began stroking Bob's
still very erect cock. Bob's moaning turned urgent as he tried begging
for release through the gag. Neither the man's orgasm nor Bob's was long
coming. They came almost simultaneously, the man filling up his condom
inside Bob's ass and Bob shooting his load onto the rubber sheet as he
thrashed with pure pleasure, screaming into his gag. 

Just before withdrawing the man leaned in and whispered into Bob's ear:
"You're mine now, slut." Bob involuntarily shivered with fear and lust
when he heard those words. There was no doubt that the man had meant
what he said; it was quite clear from his tone of voice. As for Bob, he
had never felt so controlled, so owned before and the words triggered
his deep longing to submit. He wasn't sure that he really wanted to
belong to this man, but he was certainly tempted to just give in. After
the man had withdrawn Bob collapsed onto the rubber sheet, smearing his
abdomen with his own cum. Not that he cared. This was by far the best
orgasm he had had in a while and he felt wonderfully relaxed, even if he
was still controlled completely by the man. 

He was allowed to rest like that for a couple of minutes, presumably
while the man cleaned himself up and then the man returned. While still
leaving Bob gagged, blindfolded and with his legs chained, the man
released Bob's arms only to secure them in a leather armbinder. The
armbinder was quite narrow, forcing Bob's elbows to touch as the man
laced it up very tightly before finally securing the straps over his
shoulders, crossing his chest. Bob was now even more helpless than
before. The man then released Bob's legs and helped him stand beside the
bed. Bob had been right in thinking that his new footwear would hurt.
The stilettos were definitely too small and he had trouble keeping his
balance in the unfamiliar heels. Still, the man insisted that he stand
with his feet together while he went to get yet another item to control
Bob with. For a few short minutes Bob stood swaying in the darkness,
certain that he would fall. But Bob didn't fall and soon he felt the man
securing a broad leather collar around his neck. Not that Bob thought he
could be controlled much more completely. Still, a collar was a very
clear signal that you were owned and Bob felt a definite stirring in his
crotch, a stirring that was only amplified as he felt the man wiping a
away the cum that was smeared over his abdomen, occasionally glancing
Bob's cock. 

When the man judged Bob clean enough, he asked Bob if he needed to go to
the bathroom. Bob hadn't been aware of it before the man had asked him,
but now he felt a definite need to pee and nodded. The man then asked
what he needed to do and following his instructions, Bob nodded once to
indicate that he only needed to pee. Holding Bob's shoulders so he
wouldn't fall in the unfamiliar footwear, the man then guided Bob to the
bathroom. Even though it was Bob's own place, the dizzying darkness had
made Bob loose his orientation completely and he was glad that the man
was there to guide him as he walked. Or perhaps "walking" was not the
right word. "Stumbling" was more appropriate as Bob tried desperately to
adjust to his new and quite painful footwear. Finally the man indicated
that they were in the toilet and that Bob should let go. With surprising
care and gentleness the man held Bob's member as he pissed, his other
hand holding Bob's shoulder to steady him. The feeling of being
controlled had never been greater and as the man gently shook his cock,
making sure that every last drop was gone, Bob felt a sudden surge of
submissive affection for the man. This affection only grew as the man's
shaking became a gentle stroking. A little tender from his recent
orgasm, Bob moaned with pleasure as he slowly felt himself grow hard.
His moaning became almost frantic as the man slipped a condom on Bob's
cock and began to lick and suck his cock. Completely taken by surprise,
Bob could only moan with pleasure as he completely forgot the world
around him, focusing only on the man controlling him, the man who was
now sucking Bob's cock as he stood there tied up, gagged and
blindfolded. 

Since he had only cum a short while ago it took some time before Bob
began approaching an orgasm, but the time and gentle care the man spent
on Bob's cock made him forget time completely. As he felt his orgasm
approach his moaning increased in intensity and his hips began thrusting
involuntarily. Bob was headed for another great orgasm when the man
pulled away. Both his mouth and his hands left Bob's crotch and Bob
actually whined as he heard the man get up, leaving Bob hanging, his
condom-covered cock twitching in the wind. He tried pleading through his
gag, but the man showed no mercy. Without a word he removed the condom,
clearly indicating that the unfinished blowjob would stay unfinished.
Then he guided Bob out of the bathroom and into the living room where he
left Bob standing in the middle of the room, still trying to plead
through his gag. 

Again the man fetched something from his bag and when he came back he
grasped Bob's balls lightly, pressing them gently together. The lack of
attention to Bob's needy cock was frustrating, but he was powerless to
do anything about it. The man first tied a narrow leather strap around
Bob's balls. Then he pulled the strap back between Bob's legs and
finally he pulled Bob's balls along until they were stretched as far as
they would go, having been pulled almost up between his butt-cheeks. It
wasn't actually painful, but it certainly wasn't pleasant, especially
since all Bob could think about was getting off, something that seemed
very remote now. The man finished the job by tying the strap around
Bob's waist, ensuring that his balls would stay between his legs, but
then he again turned his attention to Bob's cock, stroking it gently for
a while. Bob hadn't really gone soft since the gentle, unfinished
blowjob and now he quickly got rock-hard again. But again there was no
release as the man let go of Bob's cock and knelt down at Bob's feet.
Here he ordered Bob to lift first one foot and then the next as he
pulled something up around Bob's ankles. As he pulled it further up
Bob's legs in quickly became apparent that it was a pair of rubber
panties and Bob knew this meant that the orgasm he had been hoping for
was not to be. As the rubber garment went further up his legs Bob moaned
with disappointment. When the rubber was just below Bob's crotch, the
man lightly grasped Bob's still hard cock, briefly getting his hopes up.
Briefly, because he soon let go again and when his hand returned it
carried an ice pack. Bob actually screamed with shock and surprise as
the cold bag was pressed against his needy cock, which rapidly shrunk
until it was just a tiny worm in Bob's crotch. The man then quickly
dried off Bob's cock, applied a large piece of sports tape to it, led
this through his legs and taped down Bob's limp dick to his already
trapped balls. The process was very quick and didn't give Bob any chance
to resist. Right after taping down Bob's cock, the man pulled up the
rubber panties, which turned out to be shorts, rather than panties. 

As Bob groaned with disappointment, the man took Bob's shoulders and
guided him towards the hallway. Walking was now not only painful because
of his new shoes, but also because his trapped genitals were ground
painfully against each other, trapped as they were between his thighs.
It was a short walk to the hallway, but it was both excruciatingly
painful and quite arousing as his balls were ground against each other
and when he was finally ordered to stop, Bob's thoughts were both on the
orgasm he had been denied and on how painfully helpless he was as this
man's slave. Because that was what he was. Although Bob couldn't see it
himself, one thing gave his status as property away more than anything
else: the fact that he didn't even consider using the agreed safe-word.
Not that the man had exceeded Bob's limits in any way, but Bob had
simply forgotten that there was such a thing as a safe-word. He was
controlled so completely that the concept of being allowed to stop of
his own free will had been forgotten. 

As Bob stood concentrating on his genitals, the man removed his
blindfold. It took a while for Bob to adjust to the light, but after
blinking a few times he saw that he stood in front of the large mirror
in the hallway looking at his own reflection. For short while Bob
actually stopped breathing as he took in his own image. He was clad in
tight, red rubber shorts, extending from just above mid-thigh to just
below his navel and his crotch was completely smooth, the outline of his
genitals vanished. It looked surprisingly and devastatingly sexy. The
red of his rubber shorts and his ball-gag was contrasted by the black of
his stilettos, his collar and the straps of the armbinder crossing his
chest. These two colors were then contrasted by his smooth, pale and
hairless skin, glistening discretely with oil. 

As Bob stood transfixed by his own mirror-image, the man leaned in over
his left shoulder and felt up Bob's rubber-covered ass, remarking: "Nice
ass, slut." The remark made Bob blush with embarrassment as he realized
that he was just that to the man: a slave-slut. Furthermore, looking in
the mirror made Bob feel like a slut with a nice ass, dressed sexily for
his master. 

Bob didn't have time to think more about it as the man hooked a finger
through one of the D-rings on his collar and led him once again into the
living room. The embarrassment still burned Bob's face and the painful
and arousing grinding of his genitals was a distant ache as they entered
the living room, where the man picked up a bamboo crop. "It's time to
practice walking like the slut you are Bobbi" the man said and without
further ado he set Bob in motion and started giving him instructions. At
first Bob stumbled helplessly along and the punishment blows from the
crop were many. The blows rained down on his ass, his thighs and even
front and smooth crotch and although none of this had been in Bob's mind
when he had agreed to submit to the man, he didn't even think about
calling it off. Bob had submitted and now he was simply taking the
lessons that came with that submission, including the punishments and
the humiliations. 

The lesson continued for quite a while, more than an hour at the end of
which Bob had acquired a nice sway to his ass when he walked. Bob was
covered with welts from the crop, but he smiled happily as the man had
begun complimenting his walk, remarking from time to time that "Bobbi",
as the man insisted on calling him, was a nice little slut. Bobbi loved
the compliments, even though his whole crotch was now filled with a
deep, dull ache from the constant grinding of his balls. The man ended
the lesson by forcing Bob to his knees; removing his gag and making
Bobbi blow him. Bobbi loved every second as the man grasped Bobbi's head
with both hands as he pumped his condom-clad cock in and out of Bobbi's
eager mouth. From the man's satisfied groans and the way the condom
filled up inside Bobbi's mouth, he could tell he had done a good job. 

Bobbi was left kneeling on the floor as the man got rid of the condom,
but not for long. Soon the man returned and this time he guided Bobbi
over to kneel under a table. Once this was accomplished the man set up
his laptop and Bobbi realized that he would now get the chance to
worship the man's cock while he wrote one of his extreme stories of
brutal domination and complete submission. The man instructed Bobbi in
what to do, then he blindfolded Bobbi again before putting his
half-erect member, in a fresh condom, into Bobbi's eager and waiting
mouth and beginning to write. Bobbi's instructions were very specific:
he wasn't to suck or lick unless ordered to do so, but he still had to
hold the man's member in his mouth at all times, taking care to hold as
much as possible inside his mouth. It had long been one of Bobbi's
fantasies, but as it is with fantasies, it didn't turn out quite as he
had imagined. First of all it lasted longer than in his dreams. Much
longer. The man wrote for hours. Secondly Bobbi had imagined giving the
man one fantastic blowjob after another. Instead the man seemed more
interested in being constantly aroused by Bobbi's warm and receptive
mouth, than in actually cuming all the time. He wrote and wrote, his
cock almost constantly hard, but he didn't order Bobbi to finish the
job, just to hold him. Bobbi's position was cramped and he constantly
had to move his head into ever more uncomfortable positions as the man
shifted in the chair. Being property was both uncomfortable and boring,
yet Bobbi still didn't consider stopping the game. Instead he became
ever more absorbed in new fantasies of torture and submission to the
man. His genitals ached horribly after hours in the cramped position
when the man finally ordered Bobbi to start sucking. As the man shot his
load, Bobbi realized that he had finally found the master he had been
looking for. 

Once he had disposed of his condom, the man helped Bobbi stand, holding
him steady until his legs had regained their strength after the long
hours under the table. Originally the plan had been for them to play the
game for a few hours and then stop, but when the man suggested he make
dinner for them before they continued through the night and well into
the next day, Bobbi instantly agreed with a grateful "Yes Master." That
settled, the man gave Bobbi something to drink from a water bottle,
gagged him and chained him to a door handle in the hallway. Then he left
him sitting bound, gagged and blindfolded as he went to prepare dinner. 

As the smell of cooking spread in the house, Bobbi realized just how
hungry he was. He had only had breakfast that day before meeting the man
at the cafï¿½ before lunch. Although Bobbi couldn't see, he guessed that
it was after dark by now, yet that seemed like much too short a time
span, considering what had happened. Bobbi felt like he had been owned
and dominated by the man for at least a week, if not for much longer. 

When dinner was ready the man placed Bobbi, still bound and blindfolded
on his knees beside the dining table and began to eat. Every few minutes
he would spoon-feed Bobbi a few mouthfuls of the pasta dish he had made,
but otherwise he ignored him. Being spoon-fed while blindfolded was both
messy and humiliating and Bobbi was soon terribly embarrassed as pasta
sauce dribbled down his front. When the man judged that Bobbi had had
enough to eat, he gave him some water to drink and proceeded to wash
Bobbi's face and chest with a damp cloth. It was most humiliating. Then
he gagged Bobbi and left him kneeling on the floor as he cleared away
and did the dishes. 

Afterwards Bobbi heard how he sat down to his computer, but he left
Bobbi were he was, again ignoring him completely. Bobbi had no idea how
long he sat like that before the man returned his attention to him, but
the waiting had a strange effect on him. Rather than being terribly
bored or focused on the fact that his body ached from the long hours
spent in cramped positions, he had never experienced long term bondage
before, he sat completely still absorbed in his role as property. The
thought of rebelling or calling it quits never entered his mind. The man
had taken possession of him. 

Finally, after several hours of ignoring Bobbi, did the man return his
attention to him. He helped Bobbi to stand, steadying him while his legs
regained their strength and then he removed Bobbi's rubber shorts. Bobbi
heart began pounding at the prospect of his cock being freed. And this
time Bobbi was not disappointed as the man removed both the tape holding
his cock down and the strap tying his balls. But the sensations were not
altogether pleasant as blood rushed into his genitals. Before they had
been filled with an aching, but now, as fresh blood rushed in, his cock
and balls swelled up painfully, making Bobbi moan with pain. After a few
minutes the pain subsided and turned into an unpleasant throbbing, but
at least his cock was free now. 

The man was not long exploiting the situation. First he gently nursed
Bobbi's cock with his hands, stroking it very carefully. Then, as Bobbi
began to stir just a little bit, he began fondling and kissing it and
within ten minutes Bobbi was once again hard. A condom was slipped on
his cock and again the man began sucking and licking Bobbi's member ever
so carefully, making sure that Bobbi was on the edge without actually
being allowed to cum. Bobbi had no idea how long this terrible teasing
went on, but it felt like hours. As the man stood up without letting him
cum, Bobbi whined with displeasure as his cock twitched uselessly. 

Soon, however, he had other things to think about. With great care,
really taking his time, the man began applying clothespins to Bobbi's
body. First came his nipples, but soon most of his body was covered with
clothespins pinching him everywhere from his chest to his thighs. Bobbi
could feel how many of them had been placed in straight lines down his
body and he suspected that these were connected by strings, making up a
"zipper". Strangely his genitals had escaped attention, but that was
soon taken care of. Bobbi felt how one end of a pair of handcuffs was
closed around his scrotum, leaving his cock still twitching with
desperation. As the man released his grip Bobbi felt his balls being
pulled most painfully as the other cuff was no doubt connected to a
chain holding a large weight. A very large weight in fact. Bobbi had
done this as part of his self-bondage tricks, but never with this much
weight. As the weight pulled down his balls, already used and sore from
their long confinement between his legs, Bobbi moaned nervously,
wondering how much more he could take. It turned out that he could take
a bit more, as the man first tied a thin string around his cock just
behind the head and tied the other end to his collar, removing the slack
so that Bobbi had to stoop forward. To cap it off, the man covered the
parts of Bobbi's genitals still free with clothespins. 

When the man had finally finished Bobbi was sweating with fear and pain
and the exertion of just remaining standing. His only thought was when
the man would remove all the terrible things, but at the same time he
was enormously excited. It was painful, it was intensely humiliating and
it was a huge turn-on. This was what he had been looking for. And the
man didn't disappoint him. Instead of just leaving him to stand there
helpless, he ordered Bobbi to walk around the room, to demonstrate his
proficiency in walking in heels. Bobbi almost screamed when he was given
the order, but a vicious blow from the bamboo cane convinced him that he
had better get going. 

Not only was it hard walking in his stooped over position, but the heavy
weights pulling very painfully at his balls made it extremely difficult
to walk in the prescribed manner. As a consequence the blows rained down
on Bobbi, making him moan and scream with pain. This was beyond anything
Bobbi had ever tried before, at and perhaps past his limits, but he
didn't even consider calling it quits. There was no doubt that this was
what he had been looking for. 

When he was finally ordered to stop he sighed with relief. As the
weights slowly stopped swinging Bobbi wondered if his balls had been
damaged, hoping that the man would remove the weights first. No such
luck. The first things to go where the clothespins on his body making
Bobbi scream and moan as blood rushed to the pinched places. Then came
the clothespins on his genitals, the removal of which was even more
painful. After them came the string connecting his cock to his collar
and finally the weights on his balls were removed. He almost cried with
relief as he felt how his genitals were undamaged, filling with blood
and once again proving that Bobbi was a horny little slave. 

Finally release came. The man pushed Bobbi to the floor, placing him on
his back so that he rested painfully on his arms. Then he removed his
gag and Bobbi felt how the man's erect cock, covered with a condom,
entered his mouth. As he began sucking he felt how his own cock was
covered with a condom and how the man went down on him. The sixty-nine
that followed was one of the best fucks Bobbi had ever had and he
actually screamed as he came, filling his condom inside the man's mouth.
Not long after the man filled up his condom. 

Bobbi was left to rest for a while on the floor as the man removed both
of their condoms. Bobbi just lay there enjoying the warm glow of the
orgasm and the feeling of having found a master. 

After a few minutes Bobbi was again helped to stand. He was then guided
into the toilet and the man held his cock while he peed. Then, to
Bobbi's great surprise, the man actually brushed Bobbi's teeth. It was
very humiliating being treated like that, but it certainly reinforced
his status as a slave. Apparently the man had no intentions of letting
Bobbi out of his bonds for the night. He considered objecting, but
decided to go along. It had been great so far, so why not let the man
carry it all the way through? Bobbi was left standing against the wall
as the man prepared for the night and guided him into the bedroom when
he was done. 

Here, finally, his arms were released from the armbinder. Bobbi sighed
with relief as he was finally able to move his arms, trying to flex his
muscles to get the stiffness out of them. His hands were still
imprisoned in the mittens and the man gave no sign that they were about
to come off. The mittens stayed on, as did the collar, the stilettos and
the blindfold. The man laid Bobbi down on the bed with his arms down his
sides and rolled Bobbi up tight in a rubber blanket. Then he lay down
beside Bobbi and went to sleep, instructing Bobbi not to disturb him. 

Despite the fact that the rubber blanket was hot and sweat soon began
dripping from him, Bobbi slept quite well; exhausted from the many
trials the man had put him through. 

When Bobbi woke up he was drenched in sweat and completely disoriented.
Why couldn't he see, why couldn't he move, why did his body ache and why
did it feel like he was inside a plastic bag, sloshing around in his own
sweat? There were a few seconds of almost panic before he remembered
where he was and then the panic was replaced by a surprisingly violent
reaction from his crotch. His body might be aching, his sleeping
position less than comfortable and he might not exactly be well rested,
but his massive boner certainly didn't come from his need to take a
piss. Bobbi had wanted this for a long time and now that he had it, he
wanted more. 

His body heat had expanded his rubber wrapping during the night. That
combined with the massive amount of sweat inside the rubber cocoon
enabled Bobbi to work his hands into his crotch and start masturbating.
His hands were still trapped inside the rubber mittens and he wasn't
able to close his hands around his throbbing member, but he was able to
stroke it clumsily from either side and considering his enormous lust
this was proving to be adequate. He began moaning and squirming as his
orgasm approached. But his moaning woke up the man lying next to him and
he had no intention of letting Bobbi get off that easily. Bobbi tried
pleading, but the man soon had Bobbi's hands forced back down along his
sides, swearing and slapping Bobbi's face all the while. He used a
couple of straps to secure Bobbi's arms where they were and then left
him alone with a remark that Bobbi would be punished later. 

It was extremely frustrating. He had been so close, just about to
explode in fact when the man had forced his hands away, and Bobbi's
erection still pressed urgently against the rubber cocoon, begging for
release. Bobbi sighed with disappointment, but now that they were both
awake he thought he might as well take care of his equally urgent need
to piss. At first he gently and respectfully tried to beg the man to let
him go to the bathroom, but when the man seemingly didn't hear him he
tried begging louder and more insistently. Finally the man stopped
ignoring him and allowed him to pee - sort of. Without a word he first
gagged Bobbi with the ball-gag he had used on him the day before. Then,
with surprising ease considering Bobbi's size, he carried his rubber
bound prisoner into the bathroom and deposited him in the bathtub. He
placed Bobbi in a position where his legs were stretched out and his
upper body was in a half upright position. The position was a bit
uncomfortable, but that didn't bother the man. He simply said: "Pee all
you like." Then he left the bathroom, closing the door behind him. Bobbi
tried yelling into his gag, but of course the man couldn't hear him as
he presumably went into the bedroom to sleep a couple of hours more. 

Bobbi was left in the sweaty and uncomfortable darkness. His new and
somewhat cramped position pressed on his bladder and as he realized that
the man wouldn't be coming back soon, he also realized that he was going
to have to piss on himself. It took some effort to overcome his
inhibitions, but finally his need was too great and Bobbi let his
bladder go. He felt great relief as the urine left his body and even
greater humiliation as he felt how the warm urine filled up the cocoon
around his ass and abdomen, trapped by the straps the man had used to
secure Bobbi further with. It was intensely humiliating and there was
nothing Bobbi could do about it. 

He had no idea how long he sat like that before the man finally
returned, but it had to have been for hours. The urine had cooled,
mixing with his sweat and had started a most unpleasant itching feeling.
Bobbi nearly moaned with humiliation as he realized that he was
experiencing diaper-rash. Whether or not the man noticed this, Bobbi
didn't know. Bobbi heard how he took a piss and then walked over to
stand by the tub. Here he pulled Bobbi into a more upright position by
the side of the tub, removed his gag and said: "Blow me slut." Bobbi
automatically opened his mouth and felt the man's erect, rubber covered
member enter his mouth. His position was uncomfortable; his humiliation
huge and predictably so was his lust. This was just what he needed: to
be treated as dirt and "forced" to worship the man's cock. Bobbi eagerly
sucked the man's cock for all he was worth and was quickly rewarded as
the man shot his load, moaning with obvious pleasure. 

The man then undid the straps around Bobbi's rubber cocoon and removed
it. Bobbi involuntarily began to shiver as the cold air hit his sweat
skin and the rank smell of urine filled Bobbi's nostrils. Wasting no
time the man seized Bobbi's hands and quickly, meeting no resistance of
any kind, cuffed them to his collar so that Bobbi now held his hands,
still imprisoned in their mittens, just beneath his chin. The man did
however, remove Bobbi's stilettos and he sighed with relief as his feet
were freed after long hours trapped inside the uncomfortable footwear. 

Then the man stood Bobbi up, got into the tub with him and Bobbi heard
how the shower curtain was pulled. The man now stood right behind Bobbi,
encircling his waist with his right hand as he pressed against Bobbi's
ass. The feeling of being owned had never been greater and Bobbi again
shivered, this time with lust. The man then turned on the shower and
took great care washing both Bobbi and himself. Being bathed while bound
and blindfolded had to be one of the most sensuous experiences of
Bobbi's life, especially when the man began fondling Bobbi's ass and
cock while lathering them up with a thick layer of soap. It was pure
heaven. It was pure torture. Every time Bobbi came close the man pulled
away, concentrating instead on his ass or his legs, but keeping his
roaming hands on Bobbi's body at all times. Soon Bobbi was begging for
release, but the man didn't even answer him. Instead he increased the
intensity of his fondling until Bobbi could only babble almost
incoherently for release. Only then did the man whisper in Bobbi's ear:
"Had you not tried to play with yourself this morning, I might have let
you cum, but now you'll just have go without. Be a good slave for the
rest of the day and I might just let you cum before I leave." With that
his hands left Bobbi and he turned off the water. Bobbi almost screamed
out his disappointment, but he didn't since he knew that would only
decrease his chances of being allowed to cum. 

Acting as if nothing had happened the man dried off both of them and
then forced Bobbi to once more wear the stiletto shoes. His cock still
almost painfully erect and in dire need of attention, Bobbi hung his
head in defeat as the man lightly gasped Bobbi's balls and used them as
a leash, leading him from the bathroom. Bobbi had gotten used to the
blindfold so he knew that he was once again in the middle of the living
room when the man ordered him to kneel again. He offered no resistance,
just frustrated moans as the man stroked his cock before adding a few
pre-breakfast torture items. He quickly and efficiently put a number of
clothespins on Bobbi, most on his sides and back, but also a few in his
crotch. Making sure Bobbi was miserable, he again stroked Bobbi until he
was moaning uncontrollably. Then he went into the kitchen, leaving Bobbi
in pain and with a needy, twitching cock protruding from a
clothespin-covered crotch. 

The man took his time both preparing and consuming breakfast. Bobbi
could hear him read the paper as he slowly ate breakfast. Once in a
while he got up to feed Bobbi and every time he did this, he exploited
the opportunity to make sure that Bobbi's erection didn't go away. In
the end Bobbi was moaning and begging incessantly. 

Only after returning from the kitchen, where he had cleaned up after
breakfast, did the man really turn his attention to Bobbi. He ordered
Bobbi onto his knees and elbows, more than a little awkward for Bobbi
since his hands were still cuffed to his collar. As he stood there the
man removed all the clothespins with two quick yanks on the two wires
connecting all of them. It made Bobbi yell with pain and this yelling
almost turned to screaming as the man began to paddle Bobbi's ass
furiously. Only when Bobbi's ass felt like it was glowing red-hot did
the man stop. He did not, however, turn his attention away from Bobbi's
ass. With great speed and dexterity, he quickly lubed up Bobbi's ass and
entered him so forcefully it made Bobbi moan loudly as he was filled up.
The fucking was furious and when he had found his rhythm, the man
reached around and began stroking Bobbi again. This time he carried it
all the way through and Bobbi's orgasm was fantastic, making his body
almost convulse with pure pleasure. He hardly noticed the man cuming or
pulling out for that matter. He simply collapsed into a heap of deeply
satisfied slave-flesh. 

The man left him lying there in a puddle of his own juices for a good
long while, but in the end he cleaned Bobbi up and tied him in his next
position. Again he was tied up under the table as the man wrote for
hours and again he wasn't allowed to suck unless specifically ordered
to. He simply held the man's cock as he wrote, his arms getting more and
more tired from being held just below his chin. 

During the afternoon the man played some more with Bobbi: more
clothespins, weights to his genitals and seemingly endless sessions
where he played with Bobbi's cock without letting him cum. When evening
came the man had received a blowjob and fucked Bobbi once more without
letting Bobbi cum at all and as a consequence Bobbi was at least as
frustrated as he had been after the morning shower. Furthermore his
whole body now ached from the continuing abuse, the cramped positions
and the horrible stilettos. Asking the man to stop now was the furthest
thing from Bobbi's mind. This was absolute heaven. 

But as evening came the man had to go. Bobbi of course, was only vaguely
aware that evening had come as he had been blindfolded for more than a
day. He was absorbed by his overwhelming need to cum, so he was only
distantly aware that the man had packed and that he had now led Bobbi to
the front door. Bobbi was kneeling only a step behind it when the man
removed all of Bobbi's bindings except his stilettos, his collar and his
blindfold and made him stand on all fours facing the door. Here he
fucked Bobbi one final time while keeping Bobbi on the very brink of an
orgasm. Cuming he left Bobbi standing unfulfilled on all fours while he
prepared to leave. Bobbi didn't dare move and simply waited for the
man's next move. 

He heard how the man knelt down next to him, felt how he manipulated his
cock until Bobbi again was on the verge of exploding and finally he
heard him whisper in his ear: "I will be back next weekend, at which
time I will take further steps to make you my property." Bobbi's heart
leapt with anticipation at this. "Make sure that you body is completely
hairless when I come here Friday. I will be here at about three PM and
you will be wearing your new footwear - and nothing else." A submissive
thrill ran through Bobbi's body at the thought of opening the door stark
naked, wearing only stiletto shoes. "Practice walking properly in them
for at least half an hour every night until then." Bobbi had never
really thought that wearing stilettos could be a turn-on, but the
weekend's games had changed his mind and his cock twitched as a signal
that he would gladly practice while the man was away. Finally the man
addressed Bobbi's urgent need: "I have placed an alarm clock right in
front of you. I won't tell you for long it is set. You will wait until
the alarm goes off before you jerk that pathetic thing of yours off. And
don't try to cheat. I'll know if you lie the second I ask. Be a good
slave till Friday." 

With that he left. Bobbi heard the door slam and the man's footsteps
moving away. He now stood on all fours right behind his own front door,
stark naked except for a slave collar, a blindfold and a pair of
stilettos, practically panting with lust and yet not daring to do what
he wanted the most; what he desperately needed. He had no real doubt
that his face would give him away when the man asked him if he had been
a good, little slave and waited until the signal before masturbating.
Bobbi had no idea how long he waited until the alarm rang. Maybe it was
twenty minutes, maybe it was three hours. It felt like a day and the
whole time he debated with himself whether or not to just go ahead and
do it. When the bell finally rang he wasted no time. Not even taking the
time to remove his blindfold, Bobbi sat back on his heels and
masturbated like crazy. His orgasm was not long coming and as it rolled
over him, he emitted a half-strangled sound as his cock spurted jism all
over his lower body as well as the carpet. Bobbi didn't care. He simply
continued manipulating his cock until the last after-shocks were gone. 




Chapter 2 
After coming down from his fabulous orgasm, Bobbi removed his
blindfold and cautiously opened his eyes. Fortunately the hallway was
dark so his eyes adapted without difficulty. Getting control of his
senses Bobbi was most humiliated to see himself. He was half-lying,
half-sitting on the floor, both the floor and himself splattered with
semen, wearing only stiletto boots. 

However, it couldn't have been all bad since Bobbi once again got hard
when he saw himself in the hallway mirror five minutes later after his
eyes had adjusted to the light. Seeing himself with a smoothly shaven
body, splattered with cum and wearing a slave-collar and boots only a
bitch in heat would wear, sparked a new bout of frenzied masturbation,
this time resulting in Bobbi depositing most of his load on his own
image in the mirror. 

In the week that followed Bobbi was lost in haze of lust and guilt. The
weekend had been a dream come through and just thinking about it made
him horny. At least twice a day he had to go to the bathroom to jerk off
and it didn't get any better at night when he came home. At the same
time he felt guilty that he had lost control over himself so completely.
Before meeting the man Bobbi had been indifferent to high-heeled
footwear, but the man's insistence on him wearing them during those most
humiliating, most painful and most rewarding sessions that weekend had
almost over night turned him into a stiletto fetishists. It was
confusing as well as humiliating. Then there were the stains on his
carpet. The man had allowed Bobbi to cum on his own living room floor
and now there was a huge stain where Bobbi had rolled around in his own
juices. Most embarrassing. 

As the man had instructed him, Bobbi spent every evening making sure
that his body was completely hairless. Being forced to be hairless
turned Bobbi on great deal, something he hadn't expected either. Also in
accordance with his instructions he spent more than half an hour every
evening practicing walking in his stiletto boots. He still wasn't
completely sure why, but this activity now made him hard in minutes so
that his half hour of training was interrupted by frantic masturbation
at least once every night. Overcoming his humiliation he even slept with
his stilettos on for three nights running. 

He really wanted the man to come back and dominate him, but he thought
that maybe he shouldn't let him. There was no doubt that it had been one
of his most intense sexual experiences ever, but Bobbi thought that
maybe it had been too intense. The man's control over him had been so
complete that Bobbi now had new and strange turn-ons compared to before
he met the man. 

It was moving too fast and Bobbi decided that after greeting the man as
instructed (the thought of opening his front door stark naked, wearing
only his fabulous stiletto boos, turned him on a great deal and he
didn't really want to miss it), he would talk to him about maybe going
more slowly, at a pace Bobbi could handle. 

So when Friday afternoon came around Bobbi sat in his living room
completely naked, wearing only his stilettos. His body was completely
hairless and shone slightly from the oil Bobbi had carefully rubbed into
his skin to look good for the man. Hours before the man turned up Bobbi
was sporting a fine erection, which he had trouble keeping his hands
off. 

When the doorbell finally rang Bobbi scampered quickly to the door, his
heart pounding with excitement and his erect cock swinging
embarrassingly as he ran. Opening the door, Bobbi made sure to just
stick his head around the door in case it wasn't the man he was
expecting. He needn't have worried. The man stood right outside the
door, carrying his rather large duffel-bag and sporting a wicked grin:
"Stand up straight slave, so I can see you properly." Bobbi's fear of
being seen by someone other than the man was overruled and he opened the
door all the way and stepped forward, exposing his naked and hairless
body to the man. His erection actually began twitching as if greeting
the man. This did not go unnoticed and the man grinned and he stepped
close to Bobbi, openly fondling his naked body, his hand pausing briefly
to stroke Bobbi's cock, something that made Bobbi gasp with delight. 

Finishing his fondling of Bobbi, the man stepping inside and closed the
door behind him: "On all fours slave, facing away from me." There was no
hesitation and Bobbi soon stood on all fours facing away from the man as
he got something in his bag. Bobbi had momentarily forgotten that he
really didn't want things moving so fast, but as he heard the man
snapping on rubber gloves he remembered. "Please Master," he said, still
facing obediently away, "can we please move a little slower this time?"
By the sound of it the man barely slowed down in his preparations and
Bobbi continued: "Please, I'm not sure I want to be enslaved so quickly.
Iï¿½Iï¿½" As Bobbi stammered, looking for the right words, he felt the man's
latex-covered hands touching first his ass and then his genitals.
"You're not sure you want to be enslaved this fast?" the man almost
chuckled incredulously. "Your body is clean as ordered, you are wearing
heels as ordered and you dutifully answered the door stark naked, again
as ordered and you are sporting a very naughty hard-on I might add. And
now you want me to believe that you don't want this? Don't insult me,
you little slave-slut! You're practically begging for it!" 

Bobbi blushed with shame. The man was absolutely right. Why had he
followed the orders so meticulously if he didn't want the man to
continue his unforgiving control over him? Still, Bobbi felt he had to
object, at least against the heels, which had never been a part of his
original turn-on: "Master please, I don't like the heels. I don't want
to be feminized. I don'tï¿½" Here he was interrupted by the man: "You
don't like the heels now do you? You don't want to be feminized? Lying
slut!" the man spat. "If you didn't like them you wouldn't be wearing
them now and I just bet that you've practiced walking in them every
night." Here Bobbi moaned, partially in defeat and partially from desire
as the man's manipulation of his member became ever more insistent. The
man continued picking apart Bobbi's feeble attempts at resistance: "I
bet you pranced around in your pretty new heels, jerking off
uncontrollably every time you saw your own reflection." With that Bobbi
acknowledged defeat. The man was right. If he didn't like these things
why did they turn him on so much and why had he done exactly as ordered?
There was no way around it; he had wanted to be enslaved by the man, to
loose control. 

Loose control was exactly what happened as the man slipped two
well-lubricated fingers into Bobbi's ass and began exploring it, while
at the same time increasing the pace at which he was masturbating
Bobbi's painfully erect member. Bobbi closed his eyes, laid back his
head and moaned with uncontrollable lust as his orgasm approached. Just
as he felt his orgasm began to build, the man pulled away his hand and
asked Bobbi: "What are you?" At first Bobbi was completely disoriented,
unable to focus on what the man wanted, but at least he had to try. He
was so close! "I'm a slave," he tried. The man was silent and his hand
was nowhere near Bobbi's cock, so Bobbi tried again: "I'm a dirty
slave." Still no response. "I'm your dirty slave." The man didn't even
move and Bobbi tried a final desperate response: "I'm your dirty
slave-slut! I'm your bitch! Your dirty little bitch!" he shouted out in
desperation. "Finally," the man said as he began manipulating Bobbi's
cock again. 

As he manipulated Bobbi's cock, the man moved forward so he could see
Bobbi's face. Scrutinizing Bobbi carefully as he answered, the man
asked: "Did you wait for the alarm to ring before masturbating, you
filthy slut?" Bobbi blushed at being called a filthy slut, but dutifully
answered: "Yes Master." The man merely nodded and asked a second
question: "Have you been practicing walking in your pretty heels, slut?"
Again Bobbi could answer truthfully: "Yes Master." The man smiled
wickedly: "What a good little slut you are." Bobbi blushed as he felt a
completely absurd sense of pride that Master praised him for being a
good slut. 

Soon Bobbi was again approaching a glorious orgasm and just as he did,
the man removed his hand again and leaned in to whisper in his ear: "Say
that you are a filthy bitch and ask me nicely to whip your ass and make
you my property." Bobbi needed to cum so badly and there was no
hesitation: "I'm a dirty bitch! Won't you please whip me and make me
your property?" The man grumbled: "Beg properly slut. And do it so I can
hear you." Bobbi was getting desperate and shouted out: "Please Master.
Won't you please make this dirty bitch your property and whip my ass?
Please." "Alright, slut," the man replied, "Crawl into the living room
so I can get room for a proper swing." Moaning with frustration Bobbi
quickly crawled into the living room, his throbbing cock swinging,
reminding him of how desperately he needed to cum. 

Once inside the living room the man wasted no time. He immediately began
whipping Bobbi's ass with a leather belt. The blows fell hard and fast,
making Bobbi yell with pain at each blow. They did not, however, make
Bobbi's erection die down. On the contrary they only seemed to fuel his
lust and after a thorough whipping the man dropped to his knees, whipped
on a condom, lubed up Bobbi's ass and entered him hard and fast. In the
same movement he took Bobbi's needy cock in his hand and soon Bobbi lost
all control, his jism shooting all over the floor and his upper body.
Not long after the man came, holding Bobbi's hips in a vice grip as he
made the final thrusts. After cuming he let Bobbi drop to the floor as
he got up and removed his condom. As his upper body was once more
smeared with cum, his carpet was once again stained, despite his
promises to himself that he wouldn't let that happen again. 

The man didn't allow him to rest for long. With Bobbi offering
absolutely no resistance, he sealed Bobbi's hands inside mittens once
again. Just as he had done the weekend before, he tied Bobbi's arms with
an armbinder, Bobbi's elbows touching painfully. This time, however, he
put a thick, black rubber hood over Bobbi head. The hood had cutouts for
his mouth, his nose and his eyes, but the man quickly took care of
Bobbi's eyes with a thick, padded, rubber blindfold secured to the hood
itself. As for Bobbi's mouth, the man shut that with a very large
penis-gag that filled up Bobbi's mouth completely and was so big that it
took more than a little getting used to. Finally a broad collar was
secured around Bobbi's neck. 

In spite of his pledges to not let things move too fast and to not loose
control so completely, Bobbi had now lost control completely and had
done so within half an hour of opening the door like a bitch in heat.
The humiliation and sense of defeat was almost complete, and despite
Bobbi's best efforts to try and offer some resistance it felt wonderful
being defeated and enslaved so quickly. 

For the next hour or so the man amused himself with letting Bobbi show
how graceful his walk in heels had become. While he walked back and
forth in the living room to please the man, he was subjected to more and
more obstacles: clothespins were added to large parts of his body, his
balls were tied to a large weight swinging between his legs and the man
constantly cropped him with a bamboo stick, the end of which had been
split into several sharp splinters hurting Bobbi's ass terribly.
Needless to say Bobbi's cock was soon erect and throbbing and his mind
filled with desire as he took the man's directions and punishments,
moaning with both pain and lust. 

After an hour of training the man dropped Bobbi to his knees and forced
him to press his hooded face against the floor while the man fucked
Bobbi's ass. The man's hands occasionally touched Bobbi's cock ever so
gently, needlessly making sure that Bobbi was in desperate need of an
orgasm. The man did not, however, allow Bobbi to cum and Bobbi moaned
with frustration and disappointment when the man simply withdrew after
cuming. 

Bobbi's body ached from the training and the torture and his need was
great. He not only needed to cum, but also needed to rest. However,
neither rest nor cuming was in the man's plans for Bobbi anytime soon.
Instead he removed Bobbi's gag and forced him to kneel underneath the
table and hold his cock in his mouth while he wrote. The man didn't
remove a single clothespin, a single string or a single weight from
Bobbi's aching and punished body, but instead just blindfolded Bobbi and
started writing. When Bobbi started a cautious, and extremely
humiliating, whine to let the man know how much discomfort he was in,
the man merely shushed him and stepped on Bobbi's balls to let him know
he was serious. Again Bobbi was utterly defeated and there was nothing
to do but to obey. 

After what seemed like days, but had probably only been a couple of
hours, the man ordered Bobbi to perform a proper blowjob. Bobbi joyfully
sucked the man's cock for all he was worth and when the man shot his
load, Bobbi enjoyed the feeling of the condom in his mouth filling up
immensely. Only after cuming did the man remove the items used to punish
him from Bobbi's body. As the blood rushed back Bobbi screamed with
first pain and them relief. His legs useless from kneeling for too long,
the man pulled the helpless Bobbi out from under the table and dragged
him into the bathroom. Here he dumped Bobbi on the toilet and told him
to take of business. It was intensely humiliating, but Bobbi needed to
go and soon after the man was wiping his ass with surprising gentleness,
making Bobbi blush with humiliation under his hood. 

Then Bobbi was prepared for the night. First his arms were let out of
the armbinder and his hands, still sealed inside the rubber mittens,
were attached to his collar. This time there was no rubber sheet, just
an ordinary bed. The man made sure that Bobbi was rock-hard by
continuously stroking his erect member, while at the same time making
sure that Bobbi was never allowed to cum. Once in bed the man slowly and
gently fucked Bobbi's ass while lightly stroking his cock. When the man
withdrew, removed his condom and went to sleep, Bobbi just wanted to
scream with frustration. 

Only after long hours of frustration, his erection refusing to go away,
did Bobbi fall asleep beside the man. He woke up as the man pushed him
away. Bobbi had been humping the man's leg in his sleep, his overriding
sexual need taking over his dreams. Bobbi burned with embarrassment, but
the man merely chuckled as he wrapped Bobbi up in a rubber blanket,
applied a great many straps to make sure that Bobbi couldn't escape and
finally rolled Bobbi under the bed. Even now Bobbi fell asleep with an
almost painful erection. 

In the morning the man made breakfast and ate. Afterwards he fed Bobbi
the leftovers in a doggy bowl on the kitchen floor. Not that Bobbi saw
what he was eating, as he was still wearing the hood. After breakfast
the man escorted Bobbi into the bathroom where he stripper Bobbi down
until he wore only the collar and the mittens still attached to it.
Bobbi had worn the stilettos for so long that his feet had trouble
adjusting. It was the same with his eyes. He was very grateful that the
man had the lights down low in the bathroom or Bobbi feared that the
light would have damaged his vision. 

The man handled Bobbi roughly, first administering a couple of painful
and most humiliating enemas before making sure that every single square
inch of Bobbi's body was absolutely hairless. Then he washed Bobbi in
much the same way you would scrub a dirty horse or dog. Finally he
brushed his teeth and sealed Bobbi's head inside the rubber hood,
gagging and blindfolding him in the process. Then Bobbi's arms were
secured in the armbinder and Bobbi was once again forced to wear his
stilettos. Not that he minded anymore. They had become one of his brand
new turn-ons. 

Bobbi was then led into the living room and made to kneel. Bobbi thought
to himself that he would probably now spend a good deal of time holding
the man's cock in his mouth while he wrote one of his stories. The
thought filled Bobbi with a by now familiar submissive thrill. But while
the man started writing his stories as he had before, Bobbi was this
time not ordered to hold the man's cock in his mouth. This time he was
made to kneel right next to the man and furthermore he was forbidden to
sit down on his heels. Bobbi was to kneel, bound, gagged and blindfolded
right next to the man' chair while effectively standing straight up on
his knees. 

The reason for this soon became apparent. From time to time the man
reached out and stroked Bobbi's cock. Bobbi, who was already very needy
from the night before, soon reached a state where his cock was
permanently erect. Bobbi moaned and tried to plead for release, but his
muffled utterances were completely ignored by the man. Soon Bobbi's legs
began to tire, but the man did not allow Bobbi to sit down. After
several hours Bobbi's legs, knees and back ached and his balls felt like
they were going to split open from pent-up desire, from what felt like
gallons of cum just waiting to be released. Bobbi's moans had turned
into cries that were ignored with equal ruthlessness by the man. A few
times Bobbi's knees buckled a little, but the man simply grabbed Bobbi
by his extremely tender balls and pulled him up again, making him scream
into his gag. Bobbi knelt like that, in constant sexual need, his body
aching, until the sun went down unseen by Bobbi. Then finally the man
pushed Bobbi onto his side. The man had once again taken Bobbi well past
his previous limits, and again Bobbi hadn't even considered calling it
quits. The man had again turned Bobbi into a completely docile slave
boy. As Bobbi lay on his side he was filled by only two thoughts: relief
at being allowed to rest and by an overwhelming need to be allowed to
cum. The latter thought being by far the most dominant. 

There was, however, to be no release for Bobbi just yet, quite the
contrary. The man dragged Bobbi over to lie next to a table. Then he
stretched Bobbi's legs out and tied then spread-eagle to the table legs.
The he went to fetch something and when he came back, he sat down on
Bobbi's upper body, robbing Bobbi of most of his breath as he pressed
down on his chest. Then he did something truly wicked, something Bobbi
most definitely did not want. First he pressed a large bag of frozen
peas down on Bobbi's genitals and held it there. The shock was enough to
make Bobbi scream and thrash, but his position, tied down and pinned
down didn't leave much room for resistance so he merely exhausted his
breath with his futile attempts to break free. He even remembered that
the "safe-word" had been humming and started humming the first tune that
came to mind, but the man merely chuckled and told Bobbi that they were
way past that now. 

Bobbi's struggles faded and so did his erection, albeit surprisingly
slowly. Finally his cock was a tiny shriveled thing, shivering in his
crotch. Then the man grabbed Bobbi's tiny member and fitted Bobbi with a
chastity device. The device was quite simple. It consisted of a very
small, black rubber sack, tied off around Bobbi's scrotum with a steel
wire and secured with a little padlock. Once fitted it turned Bobbi's
genitals into a tiny black ball in his crotch. Bobbi tried shouting in
protest, but again the man chuckled. When Bobbi continued his protests,
the man silenced him by a single blow to the rubber ball using a bamboo
crop. The pain was blinding and Bobbi just rolled up in a tight little
ball. 

For the first time Bobbi was scared. The man's complete disregard for
their agreement and his almost careless domination of Bobbi was
frightening. But it was also arousing. In spite of the intense pain in
his crotch and his acute fear, or perhaps because of them, Bobbi had
never been more aroused in his whole life. This was the domination that
Bobbi had dreamed about his whole life, the kind he had only imagined
existed. 

The man did not give Bobbi a lot of time to reflect on this. He released
Bobbi's legs and pulled him to his feet. Then he removed the armbinder
and secured Bobbi's hands, sealed inside the rubber mittens, to his
collar and led Bobbi into the hallway. Here Bobbi was left and ordered
stand perfectly still while the man attended to whatever business he had
to attend to. Bobbi stood, his feet together and his back straight,
swaying in the dizzying darkness, not daring to move. In his crotch, his
cock stirred again only to be denied even an erection. Bobbi was
intensely aroused but his cock couldn't even try to get hard without
hurting him as it pressed against its tiny rubber prison. This only
further strengthened Bobbi's sense of being controlled, fuelling his
desire and making his cock redouble its futile efforts to break free. In
minutes Bobbi was actually whining with frustration. 

He stood like that for some time before the man returned. He briefly
removed Bobbi's blindfold and told Bobbi what was going to happen before
putting the blindfold back on. 

One of Bobbi's fantasies had always been to get used as kind of an
unwilling prostitute; to be "forced" to serve other men while being
masked and bound. Bobbi had told the man this in one of his e-mails and
the man had now decided to fulfill the fantasy. He found a place where
he could whore Bobbi out and they were going there right now. Bobbi's
heart began to pound as the man put the blindfold back over his eyes and
his cock strained against its prison to no avail. The intense arousal he
had felt before was nothing compared to what he felt now. Bobbi then
felt some sort of coat being slung around his shoulders. As the coat was
closed over his front, he suddenly realized that they were going
outside. He felt panicky as he realized that all he was wearing were a
pair of stiletto boots and a coat, which felt like it ended just above
his knees. Not only that, his head was sealed inside a rubber hood. For
the first time Bobbi thought of the neighbors and what they would think,
but by now it was much too late. The man pushed Bobbi out the door,
meeting no resistance once he had pushed him over the doorstep as Bobbi
was much too scared to make even a sound of protest. 

Instead Bobbi allowed himself to be escorted to the man's car and pushed
inside. His embarrassment only grew as he realized that the man wasn't
even going to hide him in the trunk or lying down in the backseat. He
was going to leave Bobbi sitting in the front seat the whole way, tied
up the like the filthy slave he was. Bobbi involuntarily started to sink
in the seat, but the man grabbed his imprisoned genitals and pulled him
up. There would be no hiding for Bobbi. 

Bobbi had no idea for how long they drove. His head was spinning from
the intense submissive arousal, which was further enhanced by being
forced to openly display what a pervert he was. When he was finally
pulled out of the front seat he had lost all sense of time. He had,
however, not forgotten what he was about to do. As the man actually
removed Bobbi's coat and dropped it in the car before leading him
inside, Bobbi was intensely aware that he was about to fulfill one of
his oldest fantasies. 

Wherever they were going (Bobbi correctly guessed a gay S&M club), they
couldn't get in right away. They had to stand in line outside in the
chilly night air. While they waited the man promoted Bobbi's talents as
a slave-whore: "Oh, the slut is extremely fuckable and not only that; he
can't object. He'll be tied down and ready to serve. Did I mention that
it'll be only one dollar for a fuck and fifty cents for a blowjob?"
Bobbi shivered at being discussed like a piece of meat. He had long
doubted that reality could be as good as fantasy, but so far reality had
exceeded his wildest dreams and he was beginning to think that this
might live up his high hopes. The whole line was buzzing with talk of
the new slave boy that could be used cheaply. After about half an hour,
word reached the bouncers and the man was allowed to enter with Bobbi in
tow. Causing more than a few laughs and humiliating Bobbi further, the
man led Bobbi by his genitals, sealed inside the impossibly tiny rubber
pouch. Several men remarked how tiny and useless that slave's cock had
to be to fit into that little bag. As they walked passed the rest of the
line, several of the waiting men groped Bobbi's ass and more than a few
said things like: "I'll be seeing you later, slut." The arousal was so
intense that Bobbi almost came right then and there, for the first time
in his life being close to cuming without having his stiff cock either
masturbated, sucked or inserted in someone. The situation was just so
sexually charged it almost pushed him over the edge. In fact it probably
would have pushed him over the edge if the man had not sensed Bobbi's
mounting arousal and squeezed his imprisoned cock viciously. Once again
the man's control over Bobbi was complete and uncontested. 

Inside the club the calls and the fondling continued as the man led
Bobbi through several large rooms, some pounding with music while others
were filled with the sound of whips slashing the air and slaves moaning.
Bobbi was made to stand still in one such room. The man then made Bobbi
bend over and a narrow piece of wood. Starting just above his genitals
and ending just below the line of his shoulders, Bobbi was quite
uncomfortable resting on it, but as usual he had no choice as the man
strapped him to it. Then his legs were spreads wide and secured to rings
in the floor and his folded up arms were also tied to the wood he rested
on. Then the man removed Bobbi's blindfold and stepped aside so that he
could see where he was. Bobbi was in a large empty room with mirrors on
the walls. He could see in the mirrors that he was tied to a crude
wooden horse. He was bent over at the hips, his legs straight and spread
wide, secured to the floor. Straps encircled his body and assured that
he would not escape. Apart from his heels, his hood, his collar and the
mittens were the only thing he wore. 

The man moved in front of Bobbi's face and showed him a sign. It read:
"Cheap slut. $1 for a fuck, 50 cents for a blowjob. Please administer 5
five blows to the slut's ass before starting to fuck. Condoms mandatory
at both ends." In his other hand the man held a leather strap; the one
to be use on Bobbi's ass. On one hand Bobbi wanted to scream and run
away, but on the other hand this was a sexual fantasy come through and
the urge to live out his fantasy was much stronger than the desire to
run. 

The man then hung a sign on either side of Bobbi, placed the strap on
his ass and stacked his back high with condoms, placing a cup for coins
on Bobbi's back too. Then he once again moved in front of Bobbi and
instructed him: "Only if someone tries to fuck you or make you blow them
without a condom may you speak. If I hear that you have been talking
under any other circumstances, punishment will be so severe that you
will have trouble walking Monday. Have fun." 

Then the man removed Bobbi's gag and left. As he left Bobbi could once
again see the mirrors and what he saw made him freeze with fear and
submissive lust. Already two lines had formed, ready to use him. Within
seconds of the man leaving, he heard coins going into the cup and saw
condoms being applied before his vision was once again obscured, this
time by the crotch of a huge black man with a very fat penis. As he
opened his mouth to blow the condom covered cock, he felt the blows from
the leather strap landing hard on his ass before a well-lubricated cock
entered him from behind and the fucking began in earnest. 

The fucking and sucking went on for hours, the line not stopping even
once. Every cock that went flaccid as it shot its load as was withdrawn
from either his ass or his mouth, was replaced within seconds. At his
face there was no pause, as the next man in line had pulled on the
condom beforehand and stood ready to receive his blowjob the minute the
man before him withdrew. At his ass there was a pause in the fucking
each time a new man stepped up, but that was only because Bobbi's ass
had to be whipped before the fucking could start. Soon Bobbi's ass was
so sore that he screamed when the blows landed. And still they came.
Bobbi had never imagined that his fantasy would hurt this much or that
it would so demanding. It felt like his ass was going to be permanently
damaged and his jaws felt like they were going to dislocate. He had no
choice but to play along and more importantly he didn't want it to stop.
As painful and humiliating as it was, it turned Bobbi on more than he
had ever imagined it would. 

From time to time, as one guy relieved the next and just before a new
cock was pushed into his mouth, Bobbi caught a glimpse of the man. Early
in the evening he had met a master and his sissy-slave. The master was a
handsome black man and his sissy-slave looked Hispanic. The sissy was
very feminine with long hair and cute little tits. She looked at the man
with adoration, something Bobbi could well understand. So well in fact
that he felt a pang of jealousy as the man shook hands with the master
and grabbed the sissy by her tiny member, making her squeal with
delight. 

The next time Bobbi saw them, the sissy no longer looked delighted that
the man had taken her. She looked outright terrified. She was only
wearing a pair of very high heels and her hands were tied behind her
back. Bobbi couldn't see what had happened to her, but her face was
puffy and streaked with tears, ruining her pretty make-up. She was
kneeling in an awkward position, looking up at the man with terrified
eyes as she blew him. He, on the other hand, hardly acknowledged her
presence as he talked to the handsome black master, who looked very
pleased. As the evening progress and Bobbi was fucked until it was
unbearable and beyond, the glimpses he caught of the man and the sissy
became more and more alarming. When the fucking finally stopped because
it was well past dawn and the club was closing, Bobbi saw the man hand
over the Hispanic sissy to her master. The sissy looked close to panic,
Her entire pretty body looked like one big welt, red and raw. Her cute
little tits had been tied with electrical wire and were now tiny,
bruised bulbs that looked ready to burst. Furthermore they looked like
pincushions, needles sticking out them in all directions. From a wire
tied around her genitals a large weight swung and with her ass she
dragged a baseball bat. The thin end was stuck inside her and the thick
end dragged along the floor. She emitted a constant stream of tiny
panicky screams. Her tongue had been tied up and a weight dangled from
the end of the string around it, making sure that she couldn't pulled
her tongue back into her mouth. Her hands were tied in a backprayer and
when she was handed over to her master she cried with relief. He, on the
other hand, seemed very pleased that she had been so horribly abused and
thanked the man before dragging his slave away, still bound as the man
had handed her over. 

As for Bobbi, now that one of his hottest fantasies had been lived out,
he had to say it had been better than imagined. He was sure that his
asshole would never be able to close again, and that his ass was now
without even the tiniest bit of unwhipped skin. He was unsure whether he
would be able to close his mouth, but to his surprise it was possible,
if very painful. He felt used and abused like never before, enslaved
completely and utterly by the man who had subjected him to this. The man
who now walked over to him, took the cup with Bobbi's earnings, knelt
down, counted them and said: "You really are a slut. Seventy-four
dollars and fifty cents. What a whore." He grabbed Bobbi's chin and
forced him to look into his eyes and continued: "You are mine, slut."
Bobbi shivered as the pure sexiness of the situation welled over him.
"You have performed well tonight slave and I will reward you. You may
come now." Looking into the man's eyes and realizing how true it was
that he was the property of this cruel man and how much he liked it,
Bobbi gave in to one of the best and easily the strangest orgasm of his
life. As Bobbi's whole abused body jerked and thrashed, as his eyes
remained locked by the man and he screamed his orgasm out, Bobbi's
imprisoned member shot its load, first filling up what little space
there was in the pouch and then spilling over the edge and onto the
floor. The orgasm seemed to go on and on, Bobbi unable to escape the
man's eyes and his cock, not even erect, shooting pent-up semen all the
while. 

When it was over Bobbi almost fainted from exhaustion. But of course it
wasn't over yet. First the man released Bobbi from the wooden horse and
made him stand. Getting up was hard and remaining standing was even
harder, but somehow he managed. Then the man led Bobbi into another room
where he had to service the entire staff of the club. Here the fuckings
were long and brutal and several of the bouncers fucked him more than
once. Finally the man thanked the bouncers and bartender and led Bobbi
out of the club. Before leaving the club, the man blindfolded and gagged
Bobbi. Outside it had to be almost midmorning, because even through the
hood Bobbi could hear traffic, people moving around not too far off,
something he had been unable to hear the night before. He didn't really
have the energy to think about and just let the man put the coat on him
and put him in the car. This time the seat was covered with a plastic
bag, so the cum spilling out of the pouch around his genitals and
running down his leg wouldn't stain the seat. 

The ride back to his house passed in a blur, but as the car came to a
halt Bobbi woke up with a start. It was midmorning, broad daylight, and
Bobbi was dressed and tied in a way clearly marking him for the pervert
he was. Panic gripped him as he realized that he would probably be seen
by everyone, that his neighbors would know that he was a pervert. Bobbi
wanted to hide, to run away. While Bobbi was nearly in a state of panic,
the man was completely calm. As Bobbi tried telling him of his fears,
mewling uselessly into his gag, the man simply unfastened Bobbi's
seatbelt, got out of the car, walked to the other side and opened the
door. He leaned in and grabbed Bobbi by the balls and said: "Stop your
useless whining and get out. If you don't want everyone to see what a
disgusting slave-slut you are, you will get out right now." The words
set Bobbi in motion. After all he didn't really have any choice in the
matter and waiting the car certainly wouldn't help. Moving as fast as he
could he got out with the man's help and guided by his tormentor, he was
soon pushed inside his own home, the sound of the front door closing an
immense relief. 

Now that he was inside, the exhaustion overwhelmed him again. He had
trouble remaining awake and so the man simply picked up Bobbi and
carried him into the bedroom. The man carried Bobbi's weight
effortlessly and he was gentle as he wrapped up Bobbi in the rubber
blanket and secured it with a number of straps. He then used two long
straps to secured him to the bed and finally said: "Sleep slut. We'll
talk when you wake up." With these words Bobbi fell asleep, deeply
exhausted and very, very satisfied. 

He woke up as the man undid the straps securing the rubber roll were
removed. Then the man removed his blindfold, gag and hood and helped him
stand. In the bathroom he removed the pouch holding Bobbi's genitals and
held his cock as he peed. His cock and especially his balls were very
sore and caked with dried up cum, but peeing had never felt so good.
Bobbi moaned as the urine left his body in a stream that seemed to go
forever. When it was over, the man removed Bobbi's footwear and took a
shower together with Bobbi. The man entered Bobbi's extremely sore ass,
but Bobbi's moans were not only from pain but also intense pleasure.
Being fucked by the man increased the feeling of being owned, a feeling
that was only amplified as the man grabbed Bobbi's cock and began
stroking it. As Bobbi had come to expect, the stroking did not result in
him cuming. Right before Bobbi came the man always pulled back, leaving
Bobbi hanging. This soon had Bobbi begging, but of course the man paid
no attention. After a while they got out of the shower and the man
removed his condom, no filled with cum, as Bobbi looked on in envy. 

Then the man put the stilettos back on Bobbi's feet and led him into the
living room. There he sat Bobbi down on the couch and went get some
stuff. Bobbi sat perfectly still, his hands in their mittens still
attached to his collar, wearing only the collar and the stilettos. His
cock was still rock-hard and Bobbi could think of little else but
release. When he came back the man was carrying a large duffel bag, from
which he extracted something Bobbi couldn't quite see. He then knelt
down in front of Bobbi, looked him in the eye and said: "Well, slut, its
time to make a decision. Its time to decide whether we should go on or
call it quits. Whether I take you further into slavery or set you free."

Bobbi's heart began to pound. Although the man had overstepped Bobbi's
limits several times, Bobbi had no desire to call it quits. So far it
had been the best sexual experiences of his life, even if the man
sometimes scared him. At the same time Bobbi realized that his
submission to the man would probably mean that he would be forced to
things he definitely didn't want to do, that the man would again break
Bobbi's limits. If Bobbi wanted to retain even the smallest hint of
control, now was the time to say: "stop". But loosing control completely
and utterly, having his limits overstepped again and again had been
almost the most arousing about his submission to the man. The man
seemingly knew just how far he could take Bobbi and still have Bobbi
submit without question. Except for very short periods of time, Bobbi
had been lost in a haze of willing sexual submission the whole time. And
even after these brief flashes, Bobbi had thought that it was good that
the man had forced him. In short Bobbi knew that the healthiest thing to
do was to call it quits, but that he didn't want to. Bobbi wanted
desperately to submit to the man. 

Presently the showed the item he had taken from the bag. It was a
chastity device made from clear, hard plastic. He let Bobbi look at for
a few seconds and then said: "If you want to call it quits, I'll leave
right now. There will be no hard feelings. I had a good time and I know
that you did too." Bobbi blushed at this, but didn't have time to think
about it as the man continued: "However, if we do carry on there are
number things in your life that will change drastically. This is one of
them. If you are to be my slave, you WILL wear one of these -
constantly." Bobbi shivered at this but the man merely went on: "It will
be several months at least before I come back, but if you are to be my
slave-slut, you will wear this the whole time, no breaks for comfort, no
quick removals for a little wanking. You will remain celibate for me.
There are several other things you must do, but this is the most
critical one. After you agree to become my property night and day I'll
tell you about the other things, but first you must agree to wear this."

With that he stopped talking and sat back on his heels, holding the
chastity device out so that Bobbi could see it. Bobbi knew that he
should say no. The thought of being unable to cum for months made him
want to scream. He knew that he should at least harbor some doubts as to
what the right decision was, question the wisdom of being controlled by
another man. But there was no doubt, no hesitation. Bobbi desperately
wanted to submit to the man, the man who had fulfilled so many of his
fantasies. 

So when the man asked: "What are you?" Bobbi had only one answer and it
came promptly, without hesitation, but with a quivering voice: "I am
your slave-slut Master. Please make me your property." The man smiled at
this and to Bobbi's great surprise, he put down the chastity device.
Bobbi expected to be imprisoned right away, but instead the man donned a
pair of rubber gloves and began masturbating Bobbi with one hand, while
the other began roaming Bobbi's sore ass. It was pure heaven and in
seconds Bobbi was moaning and panting as his arousal mounted. This time
the man didn't pull back and after just a few minutes Bobbi exploded in
a truly glorious orgasm, screaming and thrashing as he spurted his cum
all over himself and his couch. When it was over he feverishly thanked
the man in an out of breath voice. 

The man carefully wiped Bobbi clean before proceeding. He produced the
bag of frozen peas from the night before and accompanied by Bobbi's
groaning and whining, he held it in Bobbi's crotch until his spent cock
was tiny and shriveled, the good feelings from his fabulous orgasm gone
entirely. Then he imprisoned Bobbi's cock. The chastity device was made
of clear, hard plastic and consisted of three parts: a large, solid ring
through which Bobbi's cock and balls were pulled, a second smaller ring
on which were mounted a number rounded plastic spikes pointing inwards.
This second was made up of two halves, which were closed around his
scrotum and secured to the larger ring that had been pulled over his
cock and balls. Once his cock was inside the rounded spikes pressed down
on his cock and behind his scrotum. The final part was a closed tube
ending in a ring matching the ring around his scrotum. Once the tube was
on a tiny plastic padlock locked the three parts together. Now the cock
was trapped while the balls hung out underneath. The tube was only just
big enough to hold Bobbi's flaccid member and near the end was a tiny
hole through which urine could escape. The padlock was of the type that
once it was locked on, it had to cut off and thus destroyed. Since it
had a unique serial number printed on the front any tampering could be
detected. The rounded spikes on the second rings were not stiff enough
to ensure that a very eager little slave-slut, willing to stand some
pain, couldn't pull the whole thing off, but they were stiff enough to
prevent the eager little slave-slut to try to put it back on without
cutting the lock. The thing could be opened if he so desired, but not
undetected. 

To this the man said: "Every night you will send me a picture of your
imprisoned cock. In the picture must also be a newspaper with the date
clearly visible so that I can see that the picture is fresh. If you take
this off in any other case than a medical emergency, I will break all
contact. Do you understand?" Bobbi looked down at his imprisoned member
and swallowed: "Yes Master, I understand. I am your property." Already
his cock was stirring and his frustration setting in. 

The man smiled and said: "Good. Now for the other changes to your life.
Every morning and night you will make sure that your body and face are
absolutely free of hair. You will also wash you useless, little
imprisoned appendage and dry it carefully. Use a blow dryer. When you
pee you will have to sit down like the bitch you are." Bobbi's face
again burned with shame, but he of course remained silent. "When at home
you will wear your heels all the time, practicing walking in them for at
least half an hour every night." The man continued his instructions:
"Get a pair of very tight-fitting jeans and some equally tight-fitting
T-shirts. Together with your heels and your collar they will be your
home-wear. You will wear the heels and the other stuff from the moment
you step through your door and until you go to bed and again in the
morning before leaving for work. In case you have unexpected visitors
you may put away the stilettos and the collar, but the tight clothes
will remain. You will send me pictures of you wearing these clothes for
approval. If you are in doubt as to whether they are tight enough, pick
a size or two smaller." Bobbi began to realize that the man meant to
control his whole life, even when he wasn't there. His next words only
confirmed this: "At home you will also wear these." He gave Bobbi a pair
of very small shorts made of red rubber and a butt-plug. "You will also
wear these from the minute you step through your door at night, to the
minute you leave in the morning. You may only remove them while going to
the bathroom or while making sure that your body is smooth and hairless.
Make sure you clean them every morning." Bobbi looked at the two rubber
items he was about to get so well acquainted with. If he had doubted the
man's thoroughness before, these thoughts had now been dispelled. "I
have only two more things for you to do each day." Bobbi's heart sank.
More things to do? "Firstly, you will surf for porn on the Net for at
least one hour every night." The man reached into his bag and took out a
box containing a great many DVD's: "Secondly you will watch at least one
of these movies every night. I don't care how tired or how sick you are,
you will surf for porn for an hour and watch at least one of these films
every night." 

Suddenly Bobbi realized what the man had ordered him to do. Not only had
he ordered him wear stilettos and tight clothes, both of which were
guarantied to trigger Bobbi's submissive instincts and turn him on, but
the porn-surfing and the movies, which Bobbi had no doubt were
pornographic, would also make him extremely horny. The rubber shorts and
the butt-plug would certainly not lessen his arousal. Combined with the
hair-removal and his practicing walking in his heels, he would have
little or no time for other activities. The man was effectively cutting
off Bobbi's contact to the outside world and trapping him in a prison of
constant arousal. Constant and unfulfilled arousal, since the chastity
device ensured that he wouldn't be able to cum. As this dawned on him,
Bobbi moaned in defeat. But even now as he realized what he had embarked
on, Bobbi didn't even consider calling it off. Not only was the whole
thing a huge turn-on, but Bobbi desperately wanted to man to dominate
him, for the man to come back and claim him. 

"Well, slave?" the man inquired. Bobbi swallowed and answered in a
properly respectful tone: "Thank you Master for showing me how to behave
in a manner pleasing to you. I am your property, your slave-slut. Thank
you Master." The man then patted Bobbi's cheek and started to free
Bobbi's hands from the collar. Then he removed the mittens and told
Bobbi to crawl out in the hallway. The man's bags were packed and he was
ready to leave, but not before a final assignment for Bobbi. The man
knelt down beside Bobbi and started fondling his body. Soon Bobbi's
member strained against its prison while Bobbi moaned. The man addressed
Bobbi without breaking off his fondling and stroking: "As I said, it
will be several months before we meet again, but tomorrow you will get
the items I ordered and start sending the pictures I demand. More orders
will no doubt follow." Bobbi nodded in acknowledgement as he moaned in
passion. Then the man blindfolded Bobbi and continued: "I will now put a
dildo in you ass, so that you can recall what its like to be fucked. A
slave like you should always think about how he can improve his skills,
so practice squeezing this gently to increase the pleasure of the one
fucking you." Bobbi again nodded and moaned as the man's hand lingered
at his balls, sending shivers of lust racing up his spine. "You will
stand like this on all fours, with the blindfold on until the batteries
run out. You may not move or remove the dildo until there is no movement
whatsoever left in it. Be good slave." With that he shoved the
surprisingly large dildo up Bobbi's ass, vibrating almost violently.
Then he got up and left Bobbi standing on all fours behind his own front
door, moaning with lust and pain as the dildo assaulted his sore ass. 

Soon sweat rolled down Bobbi's naked body as he involuntarily moved with
the artificial fuck. He tried his best to squeeze the dildo and the
effort only made him sweat more as he swayed and moaned with the
mechanical fuck. He lost all sense of time as the vibrations continued
into the night and well into early morning. They didn't stop until it
was nearly time for Bobbi to leave for work, and he had to rush
breakfast and shower very quickly to make it on time. He would have made
it on time if he weren't also required to make sure that his body was
hairless and smooth. The man's orders were not to be taken lightly.
Already Bobbi ached for an orgasm and his genitals, trapped in the
small, clear plastic prison in his crotch filled up his mind, his
unfulfilled lust making his cock throb. As he left for work, sure to be
late, he moaned at the thought of wearing this for months. 




Chapter 3 
This time the feeling of being owned didn't go away with the
man. From even before he left his house that morning, the man and what
that man had done to him filled his mind. He did his job just like
before, but in the back of his mind the memory of the man was constantly
present. But this was nothing compared to his sexual need. It had been
less than twelve hours since the man locked the chastity device on him
and already Bobbi was hornier than he had ever been before. His cock
already strained against its prison, begging for release. 

On his way home from work he bought the items the man had asked him to:
A pair of tight jeans and a couple of very tight T-shirts. He remembered
the man saying that if he was in doubt, he should pick two sizes smaller
and he had acted accordingly. The result was a pair of light blue jeans
that were so small that it took him a couple of minutes to put them on.
They were so small that his breath was hampered by them, that he had
trouble even crouching in them and so tight they actually made his balls
ache. When he wore them, his imprisoned genitals stood out as rounded
bulge in his crotch, impossible to miss. Bobbi was quite sure that this
was one of the things the man had been aiming for. Also they were not
long enough in the legs, an effect Bobbi also was quite sure that the
man had been going for. It meant that the lower part of his leg would be
visible and that his stiletto boots would be more visible than they
would otherwise have been. The T-shirts were equally tiny, exposing
every contour of his upper body and leaving a strip of skin two inches
wide visible across his belly and back. 

He thought he would look ridiculous in them when he wore them at home.
In a sense he was right, but then again not. When he wore the tiny
jeans, one of the tiny T-shirt together with his stilettos and his
collar, just as the man had ordered, he looked a bit ridiculous, but
more importantly he looked sexy. He looked like the slave boy he was, a
slave ordered to dress slightly silly and very sexy for his master. He
looked like an owned boy. The outfit even made him look a bit younger
and more immature. The slave boy looking back at him from the mirror was
a boy in need of a firm hand, in need of discipline, in need of a good
long fuck. His reflection made Bobbi so horny that he moaned and began
uselessly rubbing his imprisoned crotch. The man had been gone less than
one whole day and already Bobbi's cock was screaming for release. 

Bobbi's life now acquired some whole new and arousing routines. There
was the almost constant hair removal, which combined with a vigorous
application of oils made Bobbi's skin shine slightly, amplifying his
position as a sex object. At work he was more distracted than before,
but after a very short period of time no one took notice. After work
Bobbi's world shrunk down to almost nothing, just as had been the man's
plan. He now had time for little else than the constant training,
displays of obedience and incessant grooming. All the things the man had
ordered him to do amplified his arousal and combined with his inability
to cum, Bobbi's mind was now constantly filled sexual images. In the
supermarket he saw two strong and good-looking men and imagined them
bending him over and fucking him right then and there, their strong
hands groping his body and spanking his ass. In the street he saw a
police cruiser and imagined being taken by the two good-looking black
policemen. He imagined them cuffing him and throwing him in the trunk of
car and driving him back to the police station. Here he would be raped
by the whole station population, including the prisoners. He imagined
living as a sex slave in the police station basement, a toy to be used
at their convenience. Visions of nightsticks being forced far up his ass
and equally far down his throat filled his head, making him long for a
big, hard cock to suck or to get fucked by. He went looking for new a TV
and imagined the sales clerk luring him into the back room where he
would tie Bobbi up with electrical wires before fucking him senseless.
Then he would take Bobbi home with him and keep him as a house slave,
chained to the plumbing in the bathroom. It got to be so bad that Bobbi
had trouble looking at another man without imagining how that man would
enslave and fuck him. 

At home his training consumed all his time. After dutifully removing his
body- and facial hair every morning and night, he would practice walking
in the high-heeled shoes that soon almost became part of his feet. It
now felt unnatural not to wear them and sometime he even slept with them
on. His ultra-small and ultra-tight clothes became equally addictive to
him. He soon enjoyed the uncomfortable pressure from the trousers and
having exposed skin on his stomach. The tightness of the pants reduced
his appetite and after few weeks he began noticing than he had lost a
couple of pounds. This did not go unnoticed by the man who received
daily pictures of Bobbi's ever more needy cock, secured in its clear
plastic prison. After only two weeks Bobbi's need became so great that
his cock began to dribble pre-cum at a constant rate. His cock and his
whole crotch became slick and wet with pre-cum and he had to put a pad
in his trousers to prevent the pre-cum bleeding through. It was not only
extremely humiliating, but also extremely arousing as it further
enhanced his feeling of being owned by the man. As Bobbi pranced around
his home in his ridiculous and sexy outfit always afraid that someone
would ring the doorbell and that he would have to invite them in,
wearing only his ridiculous slave-outfit, all he thought about was how
he belonged to the man, how he was his slave-slut. And Bobbi didn't walk
around his house anymore. He pranced. His walk when wearing the heels
and the tight jeans was sexy and enticing, his ass swaying in that
special "come-fondle-and-fuck-me" way the man had taught him. He simply
couldn't help it. 

When he wasn't training or grooming, he was busy torturing himself using
either the Internet or the porn DVD's left by the man. The images and
stories on the Net, images of slave boys being fucked and punished, just
like Bobbi wanted to be fucked and punished, filled him with almost
uncontrollable lust as did the DVD's depicting the very same thing.
Every night he thought about tearing the hated chastity device off and
getting some well-earned relief and every night he decided against it,
knowing that it would be much better if he earned the man's approval and
thus perhaps the permission to cum, maybe even while being fucked by
him. But more than that he felt it would be wrong, very wrong, to do so.
He was after all the man's property and as such he simply didn't have
the right to cum as he pleased. The man who owned him would have to
decide if and when he would be allowed to cum. 

After the first week Bobbi had adjusted fully to the new routines and
after another couple of weeks he performed his assignments without even
thinking about it. His thinking had become that of a slave who thinks it
is natural to be ordered to perform demeaning and painful things. 

Then the man began changing the routines. First came a new pair of
stilettos. Bobbi's old stilettos were black lacquer ankle boots with
five-inch heels. The new ones were also black and they were made of
hard, shiny plastic. They were Oxfords and had six-inch metal heels,
thinner than a pencil. They were also one full size too small, hurting
his feet terribly. They arched his feet very gracefully, but also very
painfully and walking in them took some getting used to. It didn't
matter. Bobbi loved them. Before being enslaved by the man he had never
thought of high heels as a turn-on and certainly never of wearing heels
himself. Now he loved the way they made his legs look, what they did for
his posture and he even loved the pain they inflicted on his feet,
reminding him of what he had become. But most of all he loved the way
they made him feel helpless. When he wore them he was unable to run and
had trouble walking very fast. Bending down to retrieve something had to
be done carefully and gracefully. 

The next thing the man added to Bobbi list of things to do was aerobics.
He made Bobbi buy a pair of white aerobics shoes and an exercise DVD.
Bobbi did his aerobics in front of his TV in the living room, wearing
nothing but his white tennis shoes, his chastity device and his
butt-plug. He stood naked in his living room doing aerobics; sweat
pouring down his body while he strained desperately to keep butt-plug
from shooting out of his ass and thus displeasing the man. 

After a month or two Bobbi had lost so much weight that the man ordered
him to get a new pair of jeans. The old ones were simply not tight
enough anymore. The new jeans naturally made Bobbi look sexy and
ridiculous again just when as he had gotten used to the old ones. A
submissive thrill ran down his spine as he squeezed them on for the
first time, hurting his already aching balls in the process. 

In the meantime the man had ordered Bobbi to get number of items to use
to punish himself in case he performed badly, or just in case the man
wanted some pictures of Bobbi suffering. Mostly it was clothespins,
string and weights to hang from his cock and balls, things Bobbi already
had from his long hours of self-torture. But there were new items on the
list: A very potent creme containing Camphor and a vial of chili oil,
made from very hot chili peppers. When Bobbi bought these items he knew
they would eventually go on his genitals and of course he was right.
After an aerobic session, in which there were many new moves, he had to
report to the man that he had lost the butt-plug a total of five times.
The reply came promptly. Bobbi was ordered to stand in the center of his
living room wearing only his new stilettos and his collar. Around his
balls he had to tie a string carrying a ten-pound weight. In his ass he
stuffed his butt-plug, smeared in the Camphor creme and he had been
ordered to pour chili oil into the tube holding his cock. Bobbi then had
to stand in a wide stance with his hands behind his head for an hour
before he was allowed to remove the weight hanging from his balls. As
for his ass and cock he had to reapply the burning creme to his
butt-plug before reinserting it and he had to pour a new measure of
chili oil into his chastity device before putting on first his rubber
shorts, then his jeans and his T-shirt. Then he had to go about his
business until the effect of the creme and the oil faded. This was not
until well into the night and after an evening and most of a night of
moaning, groaning and squirming Bobbi wowed to be a better slave-slut. 

The punishments, often transmitted live to the man via web-cam, became a
fixture in Bobbi's new slave life, a source of both arousal and fear.
The man still introduced new assignments. One was a Friday night thing,
often lasting well into the early hours of Saturday morning. Bobbi
positioned himself on all fours in front of the TV, wearing only his
stilettos and his collar. Then he inserted a DVD in the player and
started the movie before inserting a dildo into his ass, making sure
that is was all the way in and that it vibrated as furiously as
possible. Bobbi would now have to watch porno movies, movies where slave
boys were fucked and beaten constantly, until the batteries in the dildo
died. He would be on all fours in front of the TV, being fucked by the
dildo, moaning as sweat rolled down his body, a body that moved with the
fucking. At the same time his imprisoned cock would strain against its
plastic cage, producing copious amounts of pre-cum as it did. When the
batteries finally died, Bobbi had to watch the movie until the credits
had rolled over the screen. Only then could he sleep. Often he was so
frustrated and exhausted that he simply collapsed in front of the TV,
sleeping in a puddle of his own pre-cum. 

A few weeks after the Friday night sessions had started, the man
introduced yet another batch of new assignments for Bobbi. Three nights
a week he had to sleep wrapped in rubber, wearing a blindfold, a collar
and his new stilettos. His ass should be stuffed with the butt-plug and
he should be wearing the rubber panties. Needles to say, Bobbi loved it
as he was plunged further into slavery. 

Three months after the man had left him standing on all fours,
blindfolded and with dildo shoved up his ass, Bobbi's life only had the
appearance of normalcy. He went to work as he always had, no one
noticing anything but his weight loss. When he shopped or walked in the
street the people around him were oblivious to the fact that he could
barely control his lust. By now Bobbi wanted every male he saw and a
good deal of the females too, to tie him, beat him and fuck him. He
imagined the young girl at the supermarket teaming up with her older
colleague and tying him up naked across counter, whipping his ass
furiously before plunging her fist up Bobbi's ass until her whole
forearm disappeared. Bobbi fantasized about the guy at the gas station
and how he would catch Bobbi and beat him into submission, how he would
push his fist so far up Bobbi's ass that his hand would be visible in
Bobbi's throat. 

Bobbi's whole world had been consumed and controlled by a man who wasn't
even present. 

Another two months went by with Bobbi becoming ever more isolated from
the real world as he obeyed the man's every little command, sending
pictured or movie clips of his self-inflicted punishments. Then one
evening the man announced that he would be coming to see how his slave
was doing, and that there were a few things he wanted Bobbi to do.
Firstly Bobbi was to take a week off in about a month's time. Then he
had to rent a cabin specified by the man. Goosebumps erupted all over
his body as he realized that he would be isolated with the man for a
whole week, a mere plaything for his master. Visions of endless
humiliations interrupted by torture and eventually fuckings flowed
through Bobbi's mind along with the fervent hope that he would be
allowed to cum again. It was almost six months since his last orgasm and
he had been suffering from an almost permanent case of blue balls for
the last five of these months. A few days later the man's final
instruction arrived and it made his heart leap with submissive joy. The
man simply instructed Bobbi to get a test so that he could prove that he
was disease free. The man announced his intention to take possession of
Bobbi again and this time it would mean filling Bobbi up with his cum.
Bobbi got a distant look in his eyes and his hands involuntarily began
fondling his crotch, feeling the chastity device beneath his ultra-tight
jeans. Bobbi's mouth was half-open as he imagined swallowing the man's
load, feeling the cum filling up his mouth. He couldn't wait to feel the
man's cock in his mouth. 

The next week was a flurry of activity as Bobbi quickly made all the
arrangements. In no time he had made sure that he could take the time
off, that the cabin had been reserved for that week and that his blood
had been drawn for the test. 

After that had been done, all he could do was wait. He looked at the
cabin location. It was very remote and secluded and Bobbi shivered at
the thought of what the man might do to him while they were isolated in
the cabin together. A week after giving blood, the test results arrived
pronouncing that he was disease free, something that didn't surprise
Bobbi at all. He scanned in the document and sent it to the man,
receiving no acknowledgement at all for this. That task completed all
there was to do was to follow his daily routine until the man arrived. 

Then the message finally arrived: The man would be there the next day.
Bobbi should pack a suitcase for the trip. Apart from his toothbrush it
should contain only bondage and punishment implements, no clothing. It
was quite clear that the man didn't plan for Bobbi to spend much time
dressed, at least not in regular clothes. The man would arrive in the
evening and Bobbi was to wait right inside his door, dressed only in his
collar and his heels, kneeling facing away from the door. Bobbi was
ordered to leave his key hidden right outside the door so the man could
let himself in, and he was also ordered to assume the kneeling position
as soon as he had left the key for the man to find. It was late
afternoon when Bobbi came home and he immediately carried out the man's
orders. He quickly placed the key for the man to find. Then he
undressed, put on his collar and his heels and positioned himself on all
fours facing away from the door. Now all there was left for him to do
was to wait. And Bobbi waited for hours. It was well into the night
before the man arrived, but Bobbi wasn't bored. No, Bobbi was excited.
He couldn't remember the last time he had been this excited. His heart
pounded with anticipation and his terribly needy cock strained against
its hateful prison as a small puddle of pre-cum began to form on the
floor right below his crotch. 

As evening became night Bobbi stood on his hands and knees listening for
every little sound from outside the door, hoping desperately it was the
man coming for him. Then finally he heard the key in the lock and the
door opening. As instructed he kept his eyes to the front, successfully
fighting the urge to sneak a peak across his shoulder to see the man. He
wanted so badly to please the man, not only because he hoped to be
allowed to cum, but also because he wanted to show the man what a good
little slave boy he had become, how obediently he was capable of
behaving. 

The man took his time. Without saying a single word he came inside,
closing the door behind him. This time there was no sound of a duffel
bag being set down on the floor, but there was the sound of a pair of
rubber gloves being snapped on. As the man knelt right outside his field
of vision, Bobbi had to fight an enormous urge to look at the man. He
managed to fight this urge, but he was unable to stop himself from
moaning like a bitch in heat as he felt the man's hands on his body.
Slowly the rubber-clad hands explored first his ass and legs before
moving on to other parts of his body. After a good, long while the hands
went away only to return, one of them lubed up. As the well-lubed right
hand of the man began exploring his ass while the other cupped his
imprisoned genitals, Bobbi lost control and whimpered: "Please fuck me
Master. Please fuck me. Fuck me please Master. Please Master. Please."
The words became incoherent as the man's exploration of Bobbi's ass went
deeper and deeper, until Bobbi was just croaking imploring sounds for
his master to fuck him. However, it was quite some time before the man
granted Bobbi his wish and when he finally did, it was even better than
he had hoped for. Bobbi had hoped for a good, hard fuck up the ass, but
the man positioned himself in front of Bobbi, putting his cock into
Bobbi's eager and waiting mouth. This made Bobbi even happier than an
ass-fucking would have, since he could now see the man as well as taste
his cum, something he had wanted to do for the longest time. And he must
have done something right because as he came, the man held his head in a
vice grip as he shot a massive amount of cum into Bobbi's hungry mouth.
Humiliating himself and exposing himself as the pathetic, little
slave-boy he was, Bobbi actually whimpered with joy as he finished
swallowing. As the man rose, he patted Bobbi on the head and said: "It
looks like you have missed me, slut. Have you been a good little slut
while I was away?" Bobbi blushed at the patronizing tone and dutifully
replied: "Yes Master, I have been a good little slut." Above his head
the man chuckled and said: "Well, we'll see about that. Follow me,
slut." Then he turned and walked into the living room. On his hands and
knees Bobbi followed the man. 

In the living room the man stopped and turned around: "On your back,
slut. Hands behind your head, legs spread wide." Bobbi immediately
complied and soon the man was examining his imprisoned cock. He fondled
Bobbi's balls and tugged at the chastity device, making sure it was
securely fastened. First he used a piece of tissue to wipe away Bobbi's
freely flowing pre-cum, remarking what a disgusting, little slut Bobbi
was. Bobbi's face burned with humiliation and arousal and the remark
certainly did nothing to reduce the amount of pre-cum from his needy
cock. 

Finding everything to his satisfaction, the man told Bobbi to get
dressed; they were leaving right now. Bobbi started to put on his
regular clothes, those he wore when leaving the house, but the man
stopped him swiftly with a vicious slap to the face: "Stupid whore!" he
shouted, "Did you really think I ordered you to buy all those fine and
slutty clothes just so you could wear your ridiculous everyday clothes?
Put on clothes that are proper for a slut like you!" The man continued
slapping Bobbi until he was crawling across the floor to get his tight
jeans and tight, little T-shirt. Bobbi had packed them, as the only
pieces of clothing, in his suitcase, thinking that the man didn't want
him wearing them until they reached the cabin. As the man took his belt
and began beating Bobbi's exposed ass, Bobbi tried apologizing. This did
not impress the man who just kept up his whipping until Bobbi was
properly dressed. Bobbi now wore his rubber shorts, his butt-plug, his
ultra-tight jeans, one of his tiny T-shirts, his collar and his heels,
just as he had for the past six months. His ass and back was smarting
from the blows delivered with the man's belt and Bobbi felt truly owned.
The man had proven his dominance by punishing Bobbi for the tiny
infraction he had committed and Bobbi loved it. He loved it even more a
few minutes later, when the man pulled down first Bobbi's pants and then
his own, pushed Bobbi up against and wall, pulled down Bobbi's rubber
shorts and removed the butt-plug before fucking his ass furiously.
Clearly the sight of his slave boy dressed in his favorite outfit turned
the man on. 

The fucking was long and hard and Bobbi had difficulty spreading his
legs. His pants had only been pulled down far enough to expose his ass
and since they were very tight, it effectively meant that he couldn't
spread his legs properly to make room for the man. Not that the man
seemed to mind. He fucked Bobbi with long hard strokes, making Bobbi
groan with effort and excitement. As the man also grabbed Bobbi's balls
and began squeezing, his groaning turned to whimpering and finally pleas
for mercy. This only enticed the man, who now squeezed Bobbi's balls
until he screamed in pain. The man kept up the pressure until he came,
shooting his load up Bobbi's ass while Bobbi screamed for mercy again
and again. Bobbi's face and hands were pressed against the wall. In
spite of the pain he knew better than to try and keep the man away.
Finally the man withdrew from Bobbi's ass, reinserting the butt-plug and
pulling up Bobbi's rubber shorts. Whimpering with pain Bobbi then pulled
up his jeans and stood before the man, head down. He could feel the
man's cum creeping past the plug and pooling in his rubber shorts. His
balls hurt terribly, but because of this and not in spite of it, he felt
outrageously horny. Every little move the man did enforced his ownership
of Bobbi and the brutal and ruthless fucking had turned Bobbi on
something awful. He ached for an orgasm, but knew better than to ask. 

Bobbi stood like that for a short while until the man said: "Well slave,
we have a long drive ahead of us. Let's go." Then he led the way,
walking before Bobbi out of the door. Bobbi picked up his suitcase, now
completely devoid of clothing, turned off the few things still on in his
place and shut the door behind him. He was now outside for the first
time, wearing clothing exposing him clearly for the horny little
slave-slut he was. His ass swayed seductively as his stilettos clicked
their way to the man's car. Bobbi was acutely aware not only of his
ridiculously sexy outfit, but also of the collar so clearly marking his
status. The man, however, barely seemed to notice, looking instead like
it was perfectly normal for him to be in the company of another man who
was dressed as an oversexed teenage slave-girl, a man who behaved in an
obviously submissive manner towards him. He acted like Bobbi's behavior
was perfectly normal. 

Bobbi, on the other hand, scampered nervously after the man, placing his
suitcase in the trunk of the car with a cautious: "Thank you Master." He
then remained standing until the man indicated that he should get into
the car and sit next to him. Bobbi immediately complied, his heels
clicking quickly across the asphalt on his way. Even now, horribly
afraid of being spotted, Bobbi's ass seemed to speak its message to the
world clearly: "Fuck me. Spank me." It was all but written in red
letters across Bobbi's ass. But to Bobbi's relief there was no one
around to do this but the man, and he had already fucked Bobbi's ass and
spanked it so he just got into the car. The man insisted that Bobbi sit
in the seat next to him and that he sit upright, his chest out so that
everyone could see what Bobbi was. Bobbi's face burned with humiliation
but his crotch kept telling him that there was nowhere in the whole
world he would rather be right now. He sat with his hands folded in his
lap as per the man's instructions and felt how the cum leaking out of
his ass gathered in a small pool in his rubber underwear. The
humiliation from this feeling only amplified his mounting arousal and he
found that he couldn't wait to get to the cabin, so that the beatings
and the fuckings could continue. 

The drive was long and uneventful, except for a single incident. They
had been driving for a little under two hours and were waiting for the
light to change. The intersection was completely empty except for the
car next to them. Inside it were two young Latinos listening to loud
pop-music. The driver of the car spotted Bobbi and his slave collar. At
first his eyes looked they were about to pop out of his head and he
elbowed the guy next to him. Leaning over to see, the other guy looked
equally surprised. Bobbi stared straight ahead, trying to ignore their
attention and was very relieved when the car started moving. But a few
minutes later there was another red light on the empty road and the car
with the two Latinos pulled up next to them again. This time the driver
had a sneaky grin on his face. He rolled down his window and called
something out to Bobbi, who studiously tried to ignore him. This time it
caught the man's attention and he rolled down Bobbi's window to hear
what the driver of the other car had to say: "Hey you! What's the collar
for? Are you some kind of fucking pervert, eh?" Next to him, the man
chuckled and said to Bobbi: "Well, you certainly are a perverted, little
slut, aren't you? So tell the nice man. And be sure to address him
properly, as one of your betters." Bobbi's face burned with shame, but
he had to follow orders. He faced the man and said: "Yes Sir, I am a
fucking pervert." For a second or two the guy seemed perplexed at the
straightforward answer, but then he and his friend roared with laughter.
He was about to speak again when the man leaned in over Bobbi and said:
"He's a perv all right, but a well-trained one. Wouldn't you guys like
to try him out for size? For a dollar each I'll let you fuck him at both
ends. Both his mouth and his ass are talented, so how about it?" Again
they seemed perplexed, this time for a little longer than the last time.
There was a short, intense exchange of words and the driver said to the
man: "Sure. It could be fun." Bobbi's heart missed a beat, but the man
certainly didn't: "Fine. Pull over, over there," he said indicating a
spot where the shoulder was a little wider than normal. As the two cars
stopped along the road and the man ordered Bobbi to get out together
with him, Bobbi had trouble comprehending what was going on. It seemed
that the man was selling his sexual favors to two complete strangers.
Surely that couldn't be? But surely it could. The man talked briefly and
amicably with the two men. Then they paid him a dollar each, in exchange
for which they each received a condom. The man then told Bobbi to get
his lazy, slut ass over here and get busy. Bobbi was 6"4' and in his
six-inch stilettos he towered almost a full foot above the two Latinos.
That didn't seem to bother them, especially when they noticed that Bobbi
was enormously embarrassed by the situation. They also couldn't help but
notice that he was not only very well trained, but also surprisingly
sexy as he moved his ass just so to the sound of his sexy heels making
crunching sounds in the roadside gravel. Their eyes acquired a new gleam
of horniness as Bobbi knelt facing the driver and waited for orders. 

The newfound horniness in the two men made orders unnecessary. In no
time both had whipped on condoms and the man behind Bobbi pulled down
Bobbi's pants with a series of vicious and impatient tugs. Before
removing the rubber shorts and the butt-plug, the guy snorted with
derision and slapped Bobbi's ass to show his contempt. By this time
Bobbi was already busy blowing the driver and out of the corner of his
eye he caught a glimpse of the man looking at him with lazy interest. He
seemed mildly amused that he had managed to sell Bobbi's favors to a
pair of horny insomniacs. Meanwhile the guy behind Bobbi had managed to
remove all obstacles and with a grunt he entered Bobbi's ass. Strong
hands now gripped Bobbi's hips as well as his head and the two guys
began fucking his face and his ass, finding a common beat. Bobbi
responded by using his ass as best he knew how and by getting a firm
hold on the buttocks of the man he was blowing. It was a quite good
fuck, if not as uncompromising and ruthless as the man's fuckings had
been. When the driver came, he forced Bobbi to deep-throat him, holding
Bobbi's head in a vice-grip until he was finished. Bobbi thrashed and
fought to get free, but he was trapped and the man only laughed and his
breathing difficulties. Finally his head was released and Bobbi was
allowed to take giant whopping breaths as he tried to recover. Meanwhile
the guy at his other end was gearing up to finish as well, something he
did with a mighty groan as he pumped Bobbi's ass for all he was worth. 

As they pulled away and buttoned their trousers, a warning glance from
the man told Bobbi what he had to do. He crawled over to the two guys,
who now stood next to each other, bent his head down into the dust and
said: "Thanks you for a wonderful fuck Sirs." The two Latinos merely
laughed in derision. Then they bid the man goodbye and drove off, while
Bobbi knelt in the dust. "Filthy slut," the man said. "Clean yourself up
so we can get going. There's a long way to go yet." Shaken, but still
outrageously horny, Bobbi got up, brushed the dirt of as best he could
and followed the man to the car and got. 

Looking at the man it was hard to see that he had just successfully sold
the sexual favors of his slave to a pair of strangers and allowed them
to fuck that slave in public, at great risk of exposure. Bobbi was
certainly shaken by the experience, but that wasn't the dominating
feeling for Bobbi. The dominating feeling was gratitude. Bobbi was
deeply grateful towards the man for yet again fulfilling one of his
strongest sexual fantasies. Being whored out to total strangers turned
Bobbi on something awful and sitting with his hands folded obediently in
his lap, Bobbi had enormous difficulty controlling his arousal. For him,
the situation was quite simply extremely sexy. The urge to beg the man
for sexual release was great, but Bobbi knew better and he was still
able to control himself, although he didn't know for how long that would
last. 

They drove uneventfully for some time more before finally arriving at
the cabin. It was very private, hidden from the road behind a dense
patch of trees. The cabin itself was small, but well equipped. Not that
Bobbi had the chance to use the facilities. The second Bobbi stepped
through the door the man fell on him. Accusing Bobbi of being a filthy
slut he made Bobbi undress until all he wore was his collar and his
heels. Then he used a bamboo crop to guide Bobbi into the bedroom where
he proceeded to tie Bobbi spread-eagle to the bed, a bed he first made
Bobbi cover with a red rubber sheet. 

The man then took his time doing sort of a warm-up. Slowly and
systematically he used the crop to beat all of Bobbi's front, making
sure that no place was left unbeaten. He didn't lean into the blows, so
Bobbi wasn't covered in bleeding red welts, but still it hurt quite a
bit. Moreover it removed all traces of fatigue Bobbi might have felt
from the long day. After the warm-up Bobbi and the man were both ready
for action, Bobbi both in pain and filled up with arousal. Undressing
and putting the crop away, the man finally turned to Bobbi. The man's
erect member pointing directly at him, made Bobbi swallow with happy
anticipation. 

Then, almost making Bobbi scream with joy, the man removed Bobbi's
chastity device. As Bobbi nearly incoherently babbled his thanks out to
him, the man carefully first washed and then examined Bobbi's cock,
making sure that it hadn't been damaged during its long stay in the
tube. Satisfied he began stroking Bobbi's already hard and throbbing
cock. The touch made Bobbi arch his head back and sigh with pleasure,
now unable to speak because of the fabulous sensations coming from his
member. In no time he was on his way to most fantastic and eagerly
awaited orgasm of his life. The muscles in his legs, buttocks and
abdomen tightened and Bobbi sucked in a might breath as he prepared to
shoot his load. His cock twitched in joyful anticipation and just then,
when his orgasm was almost at the point of no return, the man pulled
away his hand and placed an ice pack he had hidden beside the bed
squarely in Bobbi crotch. 

The combination of the shock from the cold and denial of his orgasm,
made Bobbi scream. A great primal scream of pain and disappointment came
from his mouth and he began to plead with the man. The man merely
laughed at Bobbi as he held the ice pack in place. As his erection
unwillingly died down Bobbi pleaded and begged for the man to allow him
to cum and miraculously it seemed to work. After a few minutes, when
Bobbi's erection was almost gone, the man relented and removed the ice
pack. Then he resumed his manipulation of Bobbi's member and after only
a few minutes Bobbi was again lost in the haze of the approaching
orgasm. And again he was tricked as the man stopped his manipulation
right before Bobbi came. This time Bobbi's pleas became completely
desperate as he practically shouted out his pleas, tears of desperation
running down his cheeks. After a few minutes of this desperate pleading
the man had had enough. He fetched a massive red ball-gag and stuffed
Bobbi's mouth with it, reducing his pleas to pathetic mewling. 

The man now fetched two, large pillows, which he placed under Bobbi's
ass and lower back, raising it from the rubber-covered bed. He raised it
to the height where he could enter Bobbi's ass without having to strain
and after lubing it up he did just that. As he entered he once again
grabbed Bobbi's cock and began to manipulate it very gently. The result
was mind-blowing. With long, slow strokes he fucked Bobbi's eager ass
while his hands expertly kept Bobbi right on the brink of an orgasm. As
he mewled and whined Bobbi quickly lost all track of time as the man
locked eyes with him during the whole fuck. Bobbi had no idea for how
long this went on, but from the second it began it was easily the most
amazing sexual experience of his whole life. After an indeterminate
amount of time the man's thrusts picked up in speed as his orgasm
approached. At the same time his manipulation of Bobbi's cock reached a
new level and Bobbi began to dare hoping for release. As the man's pace
quickened even further, indicating his imminent orgasm, Bobbi was
approaching his own equally rapidly. Mewling with pure joy he prepared
to cum together with the man. But as the man came, he cruelly removed
his hand, leaving Bobbi's unfulfilled member twitching helplessly in
thin air. With the man still pumping his cum into Bobbi's ass, his own
orgasm now farther away than ever before, Bobbi tried pleading and
begging into his gag while his hips thrust uselessly upwards. The
movement no doubt improved the sensation for the man, but it did nothing
for Bobbi. As the man pulled away with a cruel smile, Bobbi actually
began crying with disappointment. His erection refused to die and his
cock continued its pathetic twitching for almost an hour after the man
had pulled out and removed the pillows below his lower back. 

Bobbi was extremely disappointed, not to mention frustrated, but he was
also dead tired and with surprising ease he drifted off and was almost
asleep when the man returned and, almost as an afterthought, shoved a
truly monstrous dildo into Bobbi's ass and set it to vibrate violently.
It woke up Bobbi with a start, and the intruder made his not very soft
cock go rock-hard again and soon made his hips thrust a little too, but
even that wasn't enough to keep him awake. It was more like a brutal
reminder of what he had become and so Bobbi fell asleep with the massive
dildo humming away in his ass. 

When he woke up the dildo was still vibrating at the same furious pace
and his was ass quite sore from the abuse it had received during his
sleep. Bobbi felt used and very frustrated. His cock was again at full
mast, both from arousal brought on by the assault on his ass and by his
need to pee. Bobbi figured that the man would soon release him and allow
him to pee before beginning to day's humiliations and punishments. But
the man didn't come. After a while he heard a truck driving up next to
the cabin and maneuvering for a few minutes before stopping the engine.
He heard the man talking to someone and the truck driving off again.
Then something big was rolled in through the front door, the man could
be heard working hard to place it properly in the next room. That task
finished the man ate breakfast. Bobbi could smell the coffee and the
bacon frying in the pan and hear the man turning the pages of his
newspaper. Bobbi was very hungry, but he figured that the man would turn
his attention to him in due time. 

But after finishing his breakfast the man began tinkering with whatever
had arrived and by now Bobbi's need to pee was so great that he began
mewling and whimpering into his gag. The man ignored him and after being
ignored for what he guessed was an hour, Bobbi had no choice but to wet
himself. He felt how the urine warmed up the rubber sheet and pooled
around his ass. After a while it cooled and Bobbi lay in a pool of his
own cold urine. The smell was not that nice and soon a weak itch began
where his skin was soaked in urine. Still the man just ignored him. 

Finally the man came into the room to find Bobbi soaking in his own
urine. "Disgusting slave slut," he spat and sat down on the bed next to
Bobbi, making sure that Bobbi's urine wasn't near him. He looked down at
Bobbi before grabbing him by the chin and speaking to him in very
intense tones: "Listen slut and listen good." Bobbi's full attention was
already directed at the man, but he now stopped moving even the smallest
muscle to indicate this. "I have decided that you are going to be my
slave for good." Bobbi's heart began pounding as he heard this, both
from excitement and fear. Excitement because he longed to be the man's
slave, to serve him like he had on the occasions they had been together.
Fear because the man's words sounded ominous. "For good" sounded very
final, more final even than "24/7" or something like that. The man
noticed Bobbi's excitement and continued with an evil smile: "Yes slave,
I really do mean for good. I am taking you with me this time. This time
you won't be going home. This time you are being taken away and I am
going to keep you as a slave for the rest of your useless life. You will
spend the rest of your life trying to do just one thing: please me.
Whether that is by blowing me, being fucked by me or screaming in pain
to amuse me, really doesn't matter. What matters is that from now on
your slavery is final." Bobbi lay stunned, completely silent and still.
It couldn't be. Bobbi simply couldn't believe that the man really meant
to kidnap him, make him disappear, and turn him into his slave -
permanently. But the man surely did. Seeing Bobbi's disbelief he
continued: "In the next room is a large box. In just a few minutes I'm
going to seal you inside that box, which will then be used to transport
you to my home. When I open the box, it'll be in my dungeon and I
promise you that the dungeon is going to be your last home. You will
spend the rest of your life down there trying desperately to please me.
Believe it." Finally it sank in. The man really was dead serious about
kidnapping him and turning him into a complete slave. Bobbi had
fantasized about something like this ever since his first encounter with
the man, but they had been just fantasies. Now that he was faced with
the real thing he panicked. This was not what he wanted and he instantly
began thrashing and screaming for help. For a few moments the man looked
on in amusement. Then he got tired of the noise and asserted his
complete and total dominance. He grabbed Bobbi's exposed balls, freely
accessible beneath his still very erect cock, and began squeezing them.
Calmly and in an almost conversational tone he said: "Quiet, you filthy
slave-slut. Be still." Bobbi's futile struggles continued unabated, but
when the man increased the pressure he got Bobbi's attention and soon
Bobbi lay completely still, whining with pain as the man kept up the
pressure until Bobbi had proven that he would lie completely still. 

Relinquishing his grip on Bobbi's balls, the man instead looped a steel
wire around them several times and tightened it until Bobbi again began
whining. Then he leaned in over Bobbi and said: "If you even try that
shit again you worthless piece of slave-shit, I will yank off your
balls. Understood?" To emphasize his point he pulled sharply on the
steel wire, making Bobbi nod and plead frantically into his gag that he
had indeed understood. The man seemed pleased with this and said: "Now
lie still while I prepare you for the box." Defeated, Bobbi lay
completely still, staring in disbelief as the man made his preparations.
To his eternal shame his cock was still rock-hard and twitching,
something that didn't go unnoticed by the man. While he prepared Bobbi
for the box, he several times stopped to stroke Bobbi's cock playfully,
every time making Bobbi gasp or moan with arousal. Now more than six
months since his last orgasm, it was impossible for him to deny his
arousal, to deny that even the prospect of slavery for the rest of his
life to this cruel man turned him on something awful. 

The first thing the man did was to seal Bobbi's hands inside very small
rubber mittens. The mittens forced Bobbi to place his thumb flat against
his palm and forced the rest of the fingers into a tight bunch as well.
When the thick rubber was in place his hands were small, black rubber
cones and he was completely unable to move his fingers. After the
mittens came the catheter. When the man first showed it to him, Bobbi
couldn't identify it properly. He simply couldn't believe that something
that long and with such a large diameter could fit inside his cock, much
less his urinary tract. But could and it did. Making Bobbi squirm and
scream the man relentlessly pushed the catheter in until it reached
Bobbi's bladder and even then six inches stuck out of Bobbi's abused
cock. As Bobbi whimpered with pain his urine ran out of the catheter,
his own bladder now beyond his own control. The amount of urine he now
lay in increased, as did his humiliation and feeling of complete
helplessness. The man snorted with derision. Then he released Bobbi's
hands only to cuff them in front of him. He then released Bobbi's legs
and while holding a firm grip on the steel wire around Bobbi's balls, he
helped him stand. Bobbi wanted to resist, but bound and gagged as he
was, with the man having him literally by the balls, he had no choice
but to obey. 

The man led him into the next room where he connected a chain to Bobbi's
cuffs and winched it up until Bobbi swung from his wrists a couple of
inches off the ground. His wrists hurt badly and he was quite worried
about the fact that the floor beneath him was covered with plastic, but
most of his attention was taken up by another item in the room. The man
had pushed what little furniture there had been in the room up against
the far wall to make room for it. It was a huge wooden crate, easily big
enough to hold four or five guys of Bobbi's size had it been empty. But
while there was room for a man in it, it was far from empty. Tanks,
containers of one sort or another, hoses, wiring and cabling took up
most of the space in the crate. Had it been a smaller crate Bobbi would
have suspected that the man wasn't really serious about taking Bobbi and
keeping him in his dungeon. If the box had been only just big enough,
Bobbi would have suspected that this was just another mind game the man
was running on him. Part of him still thought that, hoped that he
wouldn't really be enslaved completely, but seeing this dashed his hopes
that it was still just a game. It was quite clear that whatever was in
the crate, it had been designed to trap someone inside for days at a
time. Knowing that unless he escaped right about now that someone would
be him, made Bobbi want to scream. He realized that he had to escape and
so he foolishly tried again. This time his rebellion lasted about ten
seconds before the wire around his balls again brought him under
control. Resistance really was futile and the man laughed as Bobbi
actually cried with frustration. 

Since there really wasn't anything he could do, Bobbi just hung quietly
as the man prepared him for his stay in the crate. The reason for the
plastic became apparent as the man first administered a series of
extremely powerful enemas to Bobbi. He had a bucket to catch the
explosion of shit erupting from Bobbi's ass, but he simply couldn't
catch it all, making the plastic very practical. Also Bobbi's cock
dribbled a small stream of urine onto the plastic. Bobbi didn't really
appreciate this as he tried to cope with the enemas. Bobbi was quite
sure that he would explode as the man first filled him up with warm
water and then made him hold it inside until he removed the plug. Bobbi
actually screamed into his gag with relief when the plug was pulled and
he was allowed to expel the liquid. After seven of these enemas Bobbi
was exhausted and when the man shoved the tube up his ass for the eighth
time, he cried as he tried pleading with the through his gag. Of course
this only improved the experience for the man and it was only after ten
of enemas he stopped, this time making Bobbi cry with relief. 

After sponge bathing Bobbi, the man tugged the wire around Bobbi's balls
lightly to get his attention and moved to his front and said: "Its time
to go into the box now slut and if you want survive your stay in it, you
had better pay attention." Recognizing the seriousness of the situation
Bobbi hung absolutely still, focusing his attention on the man. "In a
second I'm going to remove your gag. Screaming or even speaking will
cause you great pain." To emphasize his point the man pulled sharply on
the wire, causing Bobbi to squeal with fear of having his balls cut off.
When Bobbi had calmed down the man continued: "After that I'm going plug
your ass and ears and seal your head inside a hood and place you in the
box. Once you are secured inside the box I'm going to put a mouthpiece
into your mouth. Bite down on it hard and keep biting down on it hard
until I've finished securing you. If you loose it, you'll probably not
be able to recover it and you will die in the box." This statement made
Bobbi go stiff with fear, but at the same time he wondered how he would
be able to tell when to stop biting down. The man must have seen it on
his face, because his next words were: "You'll know when I'm done tying
you down." An evil smile accompanied this statement and Bobbi shuddered
both with fear and arousal, unable to control his urges even as the man
took away his freedom and independence. 

Bobbi was unable to prevent his cock from twitching as the man removed
his gag, their bodies touching and the man's hands roaming over his body
as he stepped away holding the gag. He soon returned, this time with
plugs for Bobbi's ears and ass. First came the butt-plug. It had an
impossibly big and wide head, which then tapered down to become very
narrow before the base expanded. Just seeing it Bobbi knew that it would
hurt going in and once in, it would be very hard to expel. As the man
finished lubing it up Bobbi drew a deep breath. Then the man got down
and pushed the monster into Bobbi's ass. Relaxing his sphincter while he
hung from his wrists was hard and the man had trouble pushing the plug
in. This only made it more painful for Bobbi as there was only one
possible looser in that particular game. After five minutes of moaning,
groaning and struggling the plug slipped all the way in and Bobbi could
honestly say that he had never felt that full before. It felt like
someone had pushed a basketball up his ass and he had real trouble
adjusting. Not that the man took any notice. While Bobbi swung groaning
back and forth, he quickly plugged Bobbi's ears, reducing all sound to
distant murmurs. Then came the hood. It was made from extremely thick
rubber, reducing sound even further and making Bobbi feel somehow
removed from the world outside the hood. It had only two openings. The
one through which his head had been inserted and the mouth opening and
at first Bobbi had a little trouble not being able to breathe through
his nose. 

However, this seemed not to concern the man who finally allowed Bobbi to
stand on his feet and rest his arms and more importantly his wrists.
Although he was very relieved to be able to stand and hold his arms more
normally, Bobbi couldn't help but shift his position constantly as he
tried adjusting to the intruder in his ass. It was terribly
uncomfortable and terribly arousing. His cock, the evil catheter
sticking out of the tip, was still at full mast as the man led Bobbi to
the crate with a light tug on the wire. Completely controlled and docile
Bobbi followed without even token resistance. Bobbi knew he was next to
the crate when the catheter in his cock bumped against something and the
man halted him by placing a hand on his shoulder. The man then surprised
him very much as he lifted Bobbi off the grounds as easily as if he were
a small child. In one swift movement he scooped Bobbi off the ground and
placed him on his back inside the crate. It all went very fast and
before he had time to resist Bobbi could feel straps encircling his
upper body and forehead. His legs were still free to fight, but he knew
better than that and so lay completely still as the man continued his
efforts to remove the last shreds of freedom Bobbi enjoyed. 

The man fiddled with the catheter and Bobbi felt how a tube was led down
between his legs, all the way past his feet. Then the man pulled a very
tight-fitting rubber sheath up around Bobbi's feet and up his legs. When
the man reached Bobbi's ass he paused to secure his legs with a number
of broad straps. Then he loosened the straps around Bobbi's lower body
and continued pulling the rubber sheath up Bobbi's body. When the sheath
had reached Bobbi's navel the man paused to attend to Bobbi's hands.
Bobbi wanted to fight him, but he only had freedom of movement in his
arms so he gave up before the fight even began. He allowed the man to
put his arms along his body and pull the sheath up around them. Soon all
that was sticking out of the rubber sheath was his head, already sealed
inside a heavy rubber hood. Meticulously the man tightened all the broad
straps, including one across Bobbi's throat and one across his forehead,
until the only movement Bobbi had left was that of his jaw. That too was
taken away as the man shoved a very large rubber mouthpiece into Bobbi's
mouth. Remembering the man's words Bobbi bit down hard on it, thus
removing the last movement he had left, except for the ability to
wriggle certain parts of his body, such as his toes. 

Bobbi lay almost totally still, controlled completely with only very
faint sounds filtering through the earplugs and the hood. Of course the
man removed these as well. Bobbi felt how a thick and heavy liquid was
poured into the crate until it covered Bobbi completely, pressing down
on his chest and making him bite his mouthpiece even more feverishly.
Quickly he began to feel how the liquid reacted, becoming air-filled,
rigid and hot. He realized that the man was sealing him inside foam. The
process was surprisingly quick and very soon Bobbi was held completely
immobile by the rigid plastic foam, completely isolated from the outside
world. Now no sounds at all filtered through and Bobbi was seized by a
panic attack. He tried screaming and thrashing, but to no avail. No help
was coming and he wasn't even able to produce sound properly anymore.
Had the foam not been rigid he might have spit the mouthpiece out, but
now it held it in place in his mouth, removing even his ability to expel
this intruder. All Bobbi could do now was to wait and hope that the man
knew what he was doing and that he actually wanted Bobbi to survive the
ordeal. Just as he had been all along, Bobbi was controlled completely
and utterly by the man. 




Chapter 4 
Bobbi had no idea how long he stayed in the box. He guessed
that is had to have been at least a week, but it could have been a
couple of days or even a couple of weeks. There was no way of knowing.
He was provided with liquid food at irregular intervals and urine ran
out of his cock through the catheter. He felt no real urge to take a
shit for the first long while, but towards the end of his stay in the
box he felt very constipated, but completely unable to expel his waste.
The butt-plug lodged firmly in his ass, filling him up, would have
prevented him from doing so anyway. Furthermore his ass gripped the plug
so tightly that his sphincter actually began to hurt after a while and
Bobbi began to suspect that he was being fed a drug to keep him from
expelling his waste. 

Even though time was very fluid in the constant darkness as Bobbi lay
completely immobile, he was sure that he had been shipped by sea at
least some of the way. For a period Bobbi estimated to be at least a few
days, maybe as much as a week, he felt the sometimes not so gentle
movements like those of a large ship. After the trip by sea, there was a
fairly long period of travel by road or rail. Where was he being shipped
to, he wondered? Bobbi never did find out where his owner lived. 

Then one day Bobbi felt the foam material, which had held his
rubber-clad body so tightly for so long, being removed. He couldn't move
yet since he was still held down by the many, wide straps encircling his
body, but at least now he could feel a change in temperature, the first
in a long, long time. 

Bobbi now prepared himself for a fight. He was quite sure that he
wouldn't get many chances to escape or even fight considering how
thorough the man had been in the past and this might be his last and
only chance. Bobbi flexed his muscles, stiff and cramped after days of
no use at all. He felt as ready as he could feel. Had Bobbi thought more
closely about the thoroughness of the man who had abducted him, he would
have given up straightaway. This was a man who had managed to keep
Bobbi, who was after all a fairly big guy and certainly capable of
taking care of himself, under complete control almost from the minute
they had met. First by a playing to Bobbi's submissive side and Bobbi's
horniness, and then by extreme attention to detail, always making sure
that Bobbi was helpless or very nearly so. This time it was no
different. Instead of loosening all the straps before removing the
rubber sheath that held Bobbi, the man loosened just two straps at a
time. He then pulled the sheath down until it had cleared the two
straps. Then he tightened them again before loosening the next pair of
straps. This meant that Bobbi was still strapped down immovably when the
rubber sack he had occupied had been removed, leaving him shivering with
cold and more than a little disgusted by his own smell after so long
sealed in rubber. Furthermore he was still hooded and effectively gagged
by the huge rubber mouthpiece that had fed him and provided him with air
for the duration of his trip. 

Almost making him scream with extreme discomfort, he felt how the
catheter was removed from his cock. When it was gone he was enormously
relieved, but while it was pulled out he just wanted the man to stop
what he was doing. After removing the catheter, the man looped some kind
of wire around Bobbi's genitals. It felt cold and almost sharp,
something that was confirmed when the man pulled sharply on the wire,
making Bobbi yelp with surprise and fear. It had quite clearly been a
warning tug. The warning was probably not to fight him, because soon
thereafter Bobbi felt how the straps around his upper body were removed.
Because of the warning Bobbi was still thinking about whether or not to
fight when the man grabbed one of his hands and slapped a handcuff
around his wrist. Bobbi realized that this was probably his last chance
to fight back. But in the end he didn't put up a fight. Bobbi realized
that he was beaten even before the fight began: straps still encircled
his legs, his throat and his forehead and his hands were still sealed
inside those damned rubber mittens. He couldn't hear or see the man and
finally the man had complete control over his genitals as well. Bobbi
admitted to himself that he was beaten and allowed the man to cuff his
hands in front of him. A chain or a rope was obviously secured to the
cuffs, because soon Bobbi's hands were being held straight up into the
air. 

Then mouthpiece was removed and Bobbi was so relived to have the damned
thing out of his mouth that he completely forgot to try to shout or talk
to the man. He simply flexed his jaw as the man busied himself with
freeing Bobbi's legs and his head. When Bobbi felt his hands and thereby
his body being pulled into the upright position, his "only" remaining
bonds were his hood, his mittens, the handcuffs and the wire around his
genitals. 

His handcuffs pulled him up until he hung from his wrists. It hurt
unbelievably, not only in his wrists, but in his whole body. Tendons and
muscles creaked and cramped as his body tried to adjust to being in the
upright position for the first time in days or perhaps weeks and Bobbi
moaned with pain as he swung gently back and forth. He felt himself
being moved sideways and after being pulled a short distance he was
lowered until he stood on his toes, his arms still held up high. He felt
something being held to his lips and a slight warning tug on the string
around his cock and balls told him it was time to drink. The fluid
tasted extremely bad and Bobbi coughed and retched after drinking all
that was poured into him. He wondered what it was. The man had no
interest in poisoning him after all the trouble he had gone through to
abduct him, so what was this foul liquid good for? After only a few
minutes it became quite clear what it was. Bobbi had not taken a dump in
days or even weeks and he was very constipated. The liquid was a very
strong laxative and as he felt his stomach rumble alarmingly and his
bowels beginning to feel completely liquid Bobbi knew that constipation
would soon be the least of his problems. Out of pure reflex he tried to
hold back, but here too he was helpless. At first shitting hurt his ass
horribly as he expelled tiny dry turds, hard as rocks, but soon his ass
was turned into a spray gun. The discomfort was extreme as was the
humiliation and adding to this humiliation was the fact that he couldn't
help himself from moaning and begging the man to make it stop. As the
shit kept pumping out of him, completely beyond his control, covering
the back of his legs of filling the air with a horrible stench, Bobbi
actually cried for the man to make it stop. But since he could hardly
hear his own voice because of the plugs in his ears and the hood made
him blind, he didn't even have a way of knowing if the man even heard
him. As the stomach cramps finally subsided, Bobbi hung by his wrists,
sobbing with relief and humiliation. 

When he finally had no more shit to expel and the cramps had passed
completely, Bobbi felt an ice-cold spray of water hitting his body.
Although it quickly made him shiver with cold, he was grateful that the
disgusting shit covering his lower body was being removed and as was the
awful smell. Following the cold jet of water came a thorough application
of warm soapy water; a sensation Bobbi enjoyed immensely. Then he was
rinsed with warm water. After this he felt the man towel his body dry
and after the towel came a new cup being lifted to his lips. Bobbi
feared that it might be another laxative or something even worse,
whatever that might be, but he knew that he had no choice but to drink
it. It turned out to be orange juice and Bobbi drank greedily, the first
nice taste he had experienced in a long time. 

But the man was not wasting any more time on making Bobbi feel nice. To
his horror Bobbi felt how he was being given a full body waxing. Taking
large strips at a time, the man yanked out what little hair Bobbi had
managed to grow back. Soon Bobbi was groaning and yelling as his body
hairs were removed, but of course there was nothing he could. When it
was finally over Bobbi was sore all over, especially his arms, which
ached distantly as he hung from his wrists. Bobbi longed to be able to
take down his arms, but the man wasn't done with his preparations just
yet. 

First came a corset, not one of the soft and dainty types. This one was
quite narrow and made of thick leather with what felt like solid steel
supports. And Bobbi could clearly feel how the man used some kind of
instrument to tighten it, instead of using his hands. The result was
that Bobbi was soon moaning with pain as his ribs creaked and his breath
was slowly hampered. When the tightening was finally over, Bobbi took a
few minutes to adjust, but even after having adjusted his breathing was
much shallower than before. 

While Bobbi adjusted, the man used the time to fit Bobbi with a pair of
high-heeled shoes. This was no real surprise to Bobbi since the man
clearly loved to see a slave-boy wearing stilettos, but Bobbi was
surprised at how high the stilettos were and how small the shoes were.
They had to be a size smaller than the already very small shoes Bobbi
had worn before. They were Oxfords, laced up the front, black and with
seven-inch stilettos made of metal. Bobbi couldn't see them yet, but he
loved them already. Bobbi would wear stiletto shoes or boots day and
night for the rest of his life and great part of his time and energy
would be used to walk properly in them. The man hated slaves with an
ugly walk, but Bobbi already knew that and the many hours he had spent
training at home would be useful now. Then came a broad and very stiff
collar, forcing Bobbi to keep his chin up. 

Then finally, as Bobbi tried to adjust to his corset, he felt the rubber
hood being loosened. The man pulled the hood upward and forward, being
careful not to uncover Bobbi's eyes and then removed Bobbi's earplugs.
He then told Bobbi to keep his eyes tightly shut when the hood was
pulled off. Otherwise his eyes would be damaged by the light. Bobbi
believed the man and squeezed his eyes shut as he felt the hood come all
the way off and cold air touching the skin of his face for the first
time in days or weeks. Then he felt how the man put a pair of wraparound
sunglasses over his eyes and heard him say how Bobbi could open his eyes
carefully. 

At first even the weak light penetrating the very dark sunglasses hurt
his eyes and he had to try several time before he could see where he
was. He was in a room without windows. It seemed to be a basement that
had been rebuilt for one purpose: keeping and torturing one or more
slaves. In short the man had taken him to his dungeon. Furthermore it
looked to be a very well equipped dungeon. Right in front of him was a
wall, twenty or thirty feet wide. On the right side stood a high
worktable and to the far left was a very solid looking door. A large
part of the wall was taken up by a truly stunning array of bondage and
torture implements, the sight of which involuntarily made Bobbi shudder
with fear and anticipation. The man might be in the process of enslaving
Bobbi completely, of subjecting him to a life harsh and demanding
servitude, of never letting him go, but still Bobbi felt aroused by his
actions. He tried telling himself that he didn't want to be a slave for
life, but his cock certainly didn't agree. Free for the first time in
days or weeks, it twitched joyfully at full mast. To the left of him
stood the crate he had arrived in and off to the right was a bare wall.
In this wall were two doors, also looking very solid. All the walls and
the floor looked to be made of concrete, as did the ceiling. The light
was hard and unforgiving. The man spun him slowly so that he could see
the room, which was quite large. Behind him was a desk with a computer
on it and in front of it stood a comfortable-looking chair. Those were
the only normal looking objects in the dungeon. The rest of the space
was either empty or occupied by bondage and torture equipment. 

The man then leaned in close to Bobbi's ear and whispered: "You'll never
escape this dungeon, slut. I'll keep you here for the rest of your
life." Goosebumps erupted over his entire body and Bobbi involuntarily
whimpered at the prospect of spending his life in the dungeon, utterly
dominated by the man who now held his cock ever so gently. Making Bobbi
whimper, this time with joy, the man knelt in front of him still holding
Bobbi's cock. He hoped that the man would grant him an orgasm as a
reward for his long stay in the crate, but as usual that was not to be.
Instead the man started by slapping a large ice pack on his cock, before
proceeding to fit Bobbi with a chastity device once his cock had shrunk
until it was tiny and freezing. His new chastity device was more solid
and more severe than the old one made of plastic. This one consisted of
a very narrow steel tube, which the man squeezed down over the shaft of
Bobbi's now tiny cock. It was quite painful as his cock had a larger
diameter than the tube. When it engulfed all of Bobbi's cock, except for
the head, it squeezed it most uncomfortably. To make sure that Bobbi's
cock could not be stimulated a cage was screwed onto the tube, a cage
surrounding Bobbi's cock head, but not touching it in any place. Bobbi
actually whined with disappointment, but the man was not finished. He
produced a steel tube about two inches long with a fairly narrow
diameter. It had been split in two halves and hinged along one side so
that it could be closed to make up a "real" tube. The man then started
by warming up Bobbi's balls so that they weren't pulled up against his
crotch. Once they hung down a little, he grabbed them and pulled them as
far out from Bobbi's crotch as he could. Then he snapped the tube shut
around Bobbi's balls sack, thus stretching them. Bobbi's balls now
looked like a strange and straining, double headed cock at the end of a
steel tube. The final touch was locking the tube with a small padlock,
using the same padlock to secure the tube holding Bobbi's balls to the
tube holding his cock. 

Feeling the inescapable confinement of his genitals made Bobbi want to
cry with misery, but when he opened his mouth to do so, the man stopped
him before he could even begin. He simply flicked his nail very hard at
Bobbi's straining balls, hitting the left one squarely. The pain was so
bad that it took a few seconds before Bobbi was able to even scream and
he immediately forgot about complaining. 

The man then removed Bobbi's sunglasses, exposing his eyes to the full
glare of the lights in the dungeon. It took a few minute of painful
squinting but finally Bobbi was able to see the place where he was to
spend the rest of his life in the proper light. It looked even more
forbidding in the cold glare of the overhead lights. While Bobbi looked
at his new "home", aching for an orgasm, the man didn't waste any time
at all. He got up on a small stepladder and removed the mittens from
Bobbi's hands. He then washed them, dried them and quickly sealed them
inside similar mittens; rendering Bobbi's hands useless so fast he
barely had time to wriggle his fingers. Finally he released Bobbi's
hand, which then flopped uselessly to his side, numb from their long
stay in the air. Before power could return to them, the man forced them
into a backprayer, padlocking them to the back of Bobbi's collar. It was
very painful and Bobbi started begging and pleading. The pleading was
only amplified when the man used a broad leather strap to force Bobbi's
elbows together, rendering his arms utterly useless. Exploiting Bobbi's
begging the man then slipped a ring-gag into his mouth, turning the
begging and pleading into pathetic gurgles. 

After admiring his work for a few seconds the man hooked a finger
through the D-ring at the front of Bobbi's collar and dragged him into
the corner of the dungeon. The corner was apparently the combined toilet
and shower of the dungeon, equipped with a hole in the ground for waste
disposal and a showerhead directly above it. It was the only place in
the dungeon where the walls were not raw concrete, but covered with
black tiles. Here the man made Bobbi kneel right in front of the hole in
the ground and Bobbi instantly thought that the man wanted him to pee
and so let his bladder go. Peeing turned out to be most painful. Not
only was his cock still sore and raw from the catheter, but also the new
chastity device squeezed it so much he had to strain for every single
drop to dribble out. And when he had finished he discovered that peeing
wasn't the reason the man had positioned him there. While Bobbi had
strained to perform an order the man hadn't given him, the man had
fetched a few things. He seemed amused that Bobbi had peed with so much
effort, but not angry. He was more absorbed with what he was going to do
next. Employing electric shears he quickly cut off Bobbi's hair, moved
on to lather Bobbi's scalp with shaving foam and finally shaved off the
remaining stubble, leaving Bobbi completely bald. As Bobbi tried to
recover from this shock, the man used the shower to wash away the
remains of the operation, making it apparent why he had chosen to take
Bobbi to the shower area. 

Bobbi barely noticed. He was in shock over having all of his hair
removed. He didn't even have eyebrows anymore, as the man had shaved
them of too. Although Bobbi didn't know it, this was the way it would be
for the rest of his life. The man would meticulously remove all of
Bobbi's hair at regular intervals, rubbing him with special crï¿½mes to
slow down the growth. After a few months of this treatment, the man only
had to remove hair from Bobbi about every two weeks, but in the
beginning he had to do it every other day. 

For now the man seemed pleased as he stood before his bald and shocked
slave. With a smile on his face, he zipped down his fly and presented
Bobbi with his cock. Bobbi might have been shocked at what had happened
to him, but he was already well-conditioned and he took the man's cock
in his gagged mouth with only a moments hesitation. Besides, Bobbi had
actually dreamed of blowing the man while he was imprisoned in the
crate, so he didn't really need an order. Giving proper head while
wearing a ring-gag was quite difficult, but luckily the man helped out.
He grabbed the back of Bobbi's head and fucked his face vigorously;
several times forcing Bobbi to take his cock down into his throat. The
gagging feeling that followed was very unpleasant, but Bobbi knew he had
to obey. Bobbi also knew that he had to escape, break free from the
man's clutches, but his submissiveness took over as he embraced the task
of servicing his master with gratitude. Bobbi swallowed greedily as the
man shot his load, relishing in the salty taste of cum. As the man
pulled Bobbi to his feet and chained him to a wall, he was overcome with
a strange sort of guilt. He should have rebelled, refused to suck the
man's cock, but instead he had loved it. He had loved it just as much as
the first time the man had put his cock in Bobbi's mouth and with
mounting shame, Bobbi had to admit to himself that he was a complete
slut. 

While Bobbi's mind was on this, the man removed the crate from the
dungeon and a couple of minutes later he removed the chain securing
Bobbi to the wall and led him into the center of the dungeon. He looked
at Bobbi in silence for a few minutes, making Bobbi uncomfortable under
the scrutiny. Then he proceeded to feel Bobbi up, stroking and caressing
most of his slave's body until Bobbi's eyes were closed and he was
moaning with passion. With his hands still caressing Bobbi's ass and
imprisoned crotch, the man leaned in close to Bobbi's ear and whispered:
"I am going to break you, slut. Until you accept your status as slave as
final and total, I am going to torture you every waking minute of the
day. You'll beg me to stop and you'll swear that you are mine, but I'll
just continue until I am absolutely sure of your complete and utter
devotion. Remember, slut, that you exists only to please me." Bobbi
didn't know whether to moan with desire or just scream. He wanted to do
both and the resulting sound was a drawn out pathetic whine. Being
broken and enslaved for good had been both his most amazing fantasy and
his worst nightmare. He kept telling himself that he was an independent
person and that he desperately wanted to be free, but the prospect of
being broken, especially by this man, turned him on like nothing had
ever done before. He was confused, afraid and very, very horny. 

While Bobbi's mind worked overtime to trying to decide if he should be
grateful or angry, the man started his training. At first his demands on
Bobbi were deceptively simple. He commanded Bobbi to walk for him, to
demonstrate what a good little slut he was and so he had Bobbi walking
in circles. Bobbi instantly complied, but at first he was too
preoccupied with his conflicting emotions to perform properly. Forceful
application of the man's bamboo crop cured this as Bobbi's legs and
backside filled up with red welts. After an hour of demonstrating his
sexy strut, the pace of the training picked up. Bobbi was ordered get
down on his knees and up again while his hands were still unyieldingly
secured to his collar. His shoulder blades and arms were now filled with
a burning ache from being folded in a backprayer for so long. Adding
humiliation to this was the fact that his ring-gag made him drool
uncontrollably down his chest and utter even the smallest moan or
whimper as a pathetic gurgle. 

Getting to and from a kneeling position without the aid of his arms,
while wearing very high stilettos, was very hard and Bobbi fell over
many times, but after a few hours Bobbi had gotten the hang of it. By
now the pain in his arms and shoulder was a dull, throbbing ache, his
whole body hurt from the man's liberal application of the crop and his
feet were in terrible pain from the very small shoes. Although he hated
to admit it to himself, Bobbi didn't really mind the pain in his feet.
His new footwear was very sexy and he loved it very much in spite of, or
perhaps because of, the pain. The training had been going on for hours
and Bobbi was exhausted when the man called a break to get some fluid.
Bobbi was sweating quite a bit from all the hard work and was grateful
for the opportunity to drink. Only it didn't turn out quite the way
Bobbi had thought or hoped. The man did fetch a large bottle of water,
but instead of giving it to Bobbi, he drank it himself while Bobbi
watched enviously. When the bottle was empty the man turned to Bobbi and
said: "I suppose you want a drink too, slut?" Bobbi nodded eagerly and
made some pathetic sounds through his gag. The man nodded and came over
to him only to order him to his knees. Bobbi was a little puzzled, but
complied without hesitation. Then as he saw the man pull out his member,
he suddenly knew what was going to happen. He begged and pleaded and
tried to get away, but there was no way around it as the man easily held
him in place. Tears of revulsion and humiliation ran down his face as
the man forced him to drink his urine. 

When Bobbi had swallowed the last of the man's warm piss, he commanded
Bobbi to stand and the training session continued. With the disgusting
taste of piss in his mouth and still very thirsty Bobbi was forced to
continue the humiliating and ever more demanding training. From time to
time the man stopped Bobbi to fuck him or let his slave blow him, and
when this happened Bobbi had to admit he liked being abused. He kept
telling himself that he didn't want this, but when the man rammed his
cock up his ass, Bobbi moaned like a bitch in heat, enjoying every
second of it, even if he wasn't allowed to cum. After hours and hours of
hard training the man finally allowed Bobbi to stop and eat. Bobbi's
dinner was dog-food from a can featuring a happy looking canine and like
a dog Bobbi consumed it directly from a doggy bowl on the floor. It was
hard to eat while wearing a ring-gag and didn't taste very nice and
after the meal the man made Bobbi drink almost half a gallon of water,
chased down with another healthy dose of his salty piss. Drinking all
that liquid was extremely hard for Bobbi and his problems were
compounded by the very narrow and unfamiliar corset the man had equipped
him with. When he had finished drinking he felt impossibly bloated,
almost about to explode. 

While Bobbi was still trying to adjust to all the liquid sloshing around
in his stomach and the taste of the man's piss in his mouth, the man
hooked a finger through a D-ring in his collar and led him through one
of the doors. It opened into a small cell, which the man told Bobbi
would be his "bedroom". However, there was no bed in the room. There
wasn't even a chair, at least not in the conventional sense. Instead a
thick metal pole rose about five feet out of the floor. About two feet
up a solid steel bar extended about a foot straight out and on this bar
a monster dildo made of polished steel was mounted, pointing straight
up. On either side of the dildo were what looked like a small seat, so
that the person sitting on it wouldn't have rest his entire weight on
the dildo. Bobbi's heart sank as he realized that he would most likely
spend his nights sitting on that dildo, secured to the pole. In front of
the pole, three feet apart two small steel poles rose out of the floor,
about a foot in height. At the end of each pole was what looked like a
broad steel cuff, mounted at an angle to the floor. Realizing that these
cuffs probably meant that he wouldn't even be allowed to rest his feet
on the floor, Bobbi involuntarily began to whine. Did the man really
expect him to be able to sleep or even rest like that? 

Whether the man expected Bobbi to be able to rest or sleep sitting
secured to the pole was beside the point. Bobbi was going to do it
whether he liked it or not. The man was undoubtedly in charge and there
was nothing Bobbi could do to change that. So only minutes after he had
realized what was going to happen, Bobbi sat on the narrow seat, the
monster steel dildo filling up his insides, making him squirm with
discomfort. The man then secured his collar to the pole with a padlock
through one of the two D-rings on the back of Bobbi's collar. Then the
man locked Bobbi's feet in the steel cuffs mounted in front of him. When
this was accomplished Bobbi sat with the huge intruder filling up his
ass, his buttock resting on the narrow seat and his legs spread wide,
his stiletto-clad feet a couple of inches off the floor. It was by no
means a restful position. He couldn't move much away from the upright
position since this made the dildo's presence even more uncomfortable.
He couldn't lean up against the pole and his feet could find no purchase
anywhere, which meant that his legs could find no rest either. He mewled
quietly with misery when the man sealed his head inside a thick, black
rubber hood, cutting off his vision and leaving only his still gagged
mouth free. Then the man released Bobbi's hands with a warning: "I am
only releasing your arms temporarily to allow blood to circulate. Let
them hang limply down your side and do not try to move them at all. Any
movement on your part will be punished." When the strap connecting his
elbows was removed, followed by the release of his wrists from his
collar, Bobbi moaned with relief. Even though it hurt quite badly as
blood rushed back into his almost numb arms and hands, it felt good. It
felt good in spite of his hands being sealed inside their mittens and
the fact that he sat very uncomfortably on the dildo. At first moving
his arms was out of the question. Even if he had wanted to move them
they just hung limply down his side as sensation slowly returned to
them. But then as feeling returned Bobbi couldn't help but flex his
muscles just a little bit, just to see if they were damaged. Not only
did his arms work just fine, but the man seemed not notice. This was
hard to gauge of course, since Bobbi couldn't see because of the hood,
but there was no swift and brutal punishment as he flexed them, no
shouting that he was a dirty and useless slut. Bobbi began to think that
he had miraculously gotten away with it. He still thought so when the
man returned his arms to the backprayer and locked them to his collar.
Then he heard the man speak: "Don't ever think you can get away with
that shit. I specifically told you to not move your arms and yet you
disobey me. Its time to pay, slut!" When Bobbi heard this he began
apologizing, pleading for mercy through is gag, but of course none was
forthcoming. He felt how the man put large alligator clamps on his
balls, the pressure from these alone enough to make him cry and plead.
Then the man applied current and went from crying to screaming as the
electricity coursed through his testicles. The pain was unbelievable and
Bobbi lost control of his bladder as a result. The punishment went on
and on, reducing Bobbi to a crying, pleading wreck. 

Satisfied that Bobbi had learned his lesson the man removed the
alligator clamps and stood up, pulled out his cock and fucked Bobbi's
crying face, several times making him gag as he forced him to take his
cock deep into his throat. When he had shot his load, he withdrew and
left the room. Presumably he turned off the lights, but Bobbi had no way
of knowing. What Bobbi couldn't know either was that this was how he
would spend most of his nights: hooded, gagged and secured to the pole
with a giant steel intruder in his ass. Even though he was very tired
from the hard training and the brutal abuse, Bobbi had trouble falling
asleep. Not only was his position extremely uncomfortable and his whole
body aching from the torture he had been subjected to, but also the
seriousness of the situation was sinking in. The man really did intend
to keep him like this for good. He really did intend to break Bobbi in
the most brutal manner possible and he fully expected Bobbi to be broken
to the point where he only thought of pleasing his owner, no matter how
much it hurt. And Bobbi thought there was a very good chance that the
man could be right. Not only had the pain been the worst ever, the
training been more brutal than ever before and the humiliation of having
to drink the man's piss more intense than ever before. The worst thing
was that part of him loved it, relished in the pain and the humiliation,
relished in being treated as a mere object for the man's amusement. So
not only was the treatment more than he could handle, but also he wanted
to be enslaved deep down inside. Already Bobbi could see his defeat, his
complete breakdown and submission to the cruel man who owned him in the
very near future. 

As he tried to rest, the cum Bobbi had been unable to swallow dribbled
out of his mouth and down his front. He knew he had to try and rest,
because the torture was bound to get worse the next day, but the
position was too uncomfortable and his mind too conflicted. Unbelievably
his cock stirred during the night, in vain trying to escape the brutal
prison the man had placed it in. In the darkness Bobbi moaned with lust
and hopelessness. 




Chapter 5 
The next morning the man resumed his efforts to train Bobbi as
well as break him completely to his will. The recipe was quite simple:
hard training and brutal torture and plenty of both. Bobbi's days fell
into a routine: He was woken up by a slap to the face or a swift blow to
the balls. Then the man put his member in Bobbi's mouth and made him
drink his piss, insisting that Bobbi thank him afterwards. Since he now
wore the ring-gag almost permanently, Bobbi's thanks always came out as
pathetic gurgles. Then the man attended to Bobbi's hygiene. First came
his feet. The man removed the black Oxfords with the seven-inch
stilettos and washed and dried Bobbi's feet and cut his toenails when
necessary. He still left Bobbi's feet secured in the cuffs so that his
feet didn't touch the floor. Bobbi's feet never touched the floor
without high heels and in time he lost the ability to stand flatfooted.
Leaving Bobbi's feet free, the man turned to his hands and arms. First
he removed Bobbi's mittens to wash and dry Bobbi's hands and fingers.
While he did this it was forbidden for Bobbi to try to move his fingers
even the slightest bit. Disobedience was punished most severely, usually
with testicle torture of one kind or another. Direct beatings,
electrical current and inserting needles into Bobbi's balls were all
favorites, which the man employed at the slightest hint of disobedience.
When Bobbi's hands were clean and dry they were once again sealed inside
rubber mittens, rendering them useless and robbing them of all mobility.
Then the turn came to Bobbi's arms, which were released to restore a bit
of normal circulation to them before being put back in the backprayer,
which was how the man intended to keep Bobbi the whole time. Rebellion
was useless. While this took place Bobbi was always secured to the pole,
hooded, a huge intruder in his ass and his feet immovably secured. He
had no choice but to let the man have his way with him. 

The man had a plan for Bobbi's arms and hands, a reason for taking good
care of them while making sure Bobbi didn't move them, trying to use his
muscles. If he kept Bobbi's hands in mittens and his arms in the
backprayer permanently, they would soon develop gangrene or something
similarly horrible requiring medical attention the man couldn't provide.
At the same time he didn't want Bobbi to be able to use his hands ever
again. So he made sure that they were comparatively healthy, but with
the muscles and tendons steadily deteriorating to the point where Bobbi
would unable to use them and his arms and hands had adjusted completely
to their current position. Not only did it render Bobbi helpless, but
also his hands would forever serve as a reminder of what he had become
and of what he had lost. This meant that the man had to take good care
of Bobbi's hands and arms until the adjustment had taken place. In the
beginning he performed this exercise with Bobbi's hands and arms three
times a day. As time progressed and Bobbi adjusted they required less
and less attention until a quick look once every third day was enough.
By then Bobbi had long been broken completely and regarded it as the
man's right to do whatever he wished to Bobbi. 

For now the routine continued. Once Bobbi's arms were back in position
he was given a new pair of shoes. "Shower slippers" as the man called
them. They were hardly that. Bobbi's "shower slippers" were in fact
plastic mules with eight-inch heels and a two-inch platform. They were
practical when Bobbi showered as they allowed him to wear stilettos
without risking the water damaging them. After equipping Bobbi with his
new shoes, the man released him from the pole and pulled him off the
steel dildo. This was always a moment filled with both relief and regret
for Bobbi. On one hand it was a huge relief to be rid of the intruder in
his ass, but on the other hand he did enjoy being filled to the max and
the steel dildo did just that. The man then led Bobbi to the shower area
of the dungeon and removed Bobbi's hood, gag and corset. Then he
carefully made sure that Bobbi was completely hairless, both body and
head, before allowing Bobbi to squat over the hole in the ground and
take a shit. When Bobbi was done the man administered a series of brutal
enemas before giving Bobbi a shower. Bobbi hated the enemas and was
always enormously relieved when it was over. Of course the man exploited
this and the number of enemas steadily increased so that the start of
the day would be as stressful and painful for Bobbi as possible. 

The shower over, the man dried Bobbi and refitted Bobbi with his regular
shoes, his corset and his gag. Throughout all of this no attention was
paid to Bobbi's imprisoned member. Most of the time the man acted as if
it wasn't there. Only about once a week did he remove the chastity
device from Bobbi's cock to clean it and inspect it for damage. This
invariably cause for begging and pleading on Bobbi's part when his cock
sprang to life, crying for attention. Before putting the device back on,
the man always made sure to play with Bobbi's member for a while,
driving Bobbi to new heights of tearful and frustrated begging. When the
man had taken Bobbi it had been over six months since his last orgasm
and every day without an orgasm only increased his desire. He certainly
didn't get used to the situation. Every day he moved closer to becoming
a complete slave and so the pain, the discomfort and the humiliations
turned him on more and more. The man was steering Bobbi towards a
complete breakdown, a breakdown Bobbi could see coming, yet he couldn't
help but love the man more and more for it. So every day his lust grew,
a lust the man gave no indication of ever allowing release. Soon Bobbi
dribbled steadily from the tip of his cock as pre-cum marked the
beginning of an orgasm the man made sure was out of his reach. Very
early in his slavery Bobbi reached a state of almost permanent blue
balls, always an aching reminder in his crotch of his status. 

The time had then come for Bobbi's breakfast. Deeming pet food to be too
good and too expensive for the dirty slave-slut Bobbi was, the man had
come up with a cheap alternative. Once a week he cooked a great big pot
of a special porridge-like stew consisting of beans, cheap vegetables
and rice. It had no real taste and it was just a cheap and demeaning way
of feeding his slave. It provided Bobbi with all he needed to survive,
but all his meals consisted of this and only this. After breakfast the
man brushed Bobbi's teeth and then training and torture began in
earnest. 

Most of the time training was just mind-numbingly boring and painful.
The man didn't really want teach Bobbi new things before he was broken
in; primarily he wanted to have the opportunity to punish him. Mostly
training consisted of walking elegantly, correct slave-behavior and
using his ass properly when being fucked. The man was never satisfied
and used every last opportunity to punish Bobbi. After a week Bobbi's
walk was perfect and the man turned to other tasks such as kneeling,
lying down and getting up. These things were hard enough already, but
the man insisted that Bobbi be able to do them elegantly, again
providing him with ample opportunity to punish Bobbi. 

Whippings were of course always popular, as were needles in Bobbi's
testicles, but the man had a whole arsenal of nasty punishments. The
horse was among those Bobbi hated the most. The horse was a narrow
wooden beam with a large wooden dildo mounted on top. When the man
positioned Bobbi with the artificial cock filling up his ass, all of
Bobbi's weight rested on the narrow beam, all of it supported by what
lay between Bobbi's scrotum and his asshole. In minutes the pain became
unbearable and that was only one of the places on his body that hurt
during this punishment. Usually the man would also release Bobbi's balls
from the tube that held normally them, exposing them further for
beatings while Bobbi sat on the horse. To prevent Bobbi from moving
around too much and from getting purchase anywhere, the man would fold
up Bobbi's legs and secure them to the horse, making the situation even
more uncomfortable. Finally the man would add a touch of the torture
Bobbi had begun to believe turned the man on the most: breath-play. When
Bobbi sat on the horse, the man put a noose around Bobbi's throat and
tightened the rope until it kept Bobbi sitting straight up and made his
breathing so difficult he even had trouble screaming when the man struck
Bobbi's balls. The noose would always have a slipknot so every time
Bobbi moved the noose would tighten. The torture always ended when
Bobbi, absolutely desperate with pain and barely able to breathe
anymore, fell unconscious from asphyxiation. Torture on the horse was
always terrible, since it was not only very painful but also filled
Bobbi with fear. Every time he lost consciousness he was convinced that
this time the man would not remove the rope and he would choke to death.
The man of course exploited this in his efforts to break Bobbi
completely and so the endless walking got an extra little twist. Now the
man put Bobbi's head inside a thick, clear plastic bag and sealed it at
his neck with lots of tape, creating an airtight seal. Only when Bobbi
was close to passing out and in a state of absolute panic, did the man
then make a tiny hole in the bag for Bobbi to breathe through. The hole
was never near his nose or mouth, but always placed so that Bobbi would
have to take very cautious breaths to prevent the plastic bag from
collapsing and cutting off his breath. Doing the man's drills with the
bag constantly keeping him on the brink of asphyxia kept Bobbi in a
state of near panic. 

While Bobbi spent many hours in the dungeon with the man being trained,
he also spent many hours down there alone. The man put Bobbi through his
paces for an hour or two each morning, but it seemed that he went off to
work during the daytime. At night when he came back the torture resumed.
When the man was away he always had Bobbi do the same thing: nothing. He
placed Bobbi in the middle of the floor and told him to stay exactly
like that until he came home. To make sure that Bobbi did indeed not
move, he sprinkled the floor with a white powder of some sort, so that
even the slightest movement of Bobbi's feet could be seen. If there was
even a hint of a track in the powder when the man returned, the
punishment would be brutal. Standing still in the exact same spot for
ten hours or more is almost impossible, so this provided the man with
plenty of excuse to brutalize Bobbi. The first few days Bobbi shifted
his feet ever so slightly and this was of course discovered and Bobbi
punished for his infraction. Then Bobbi decided to stand absolutely
still and did so. Bobbi didn't know that of you don't move the muscles
in your legs a little bit the blood pools in the legs and you pass out
so Bobbi did just that. Striking the hard concrete floor hurt, but not
nearly as much as the man's punishment did. No matter how hard he tried
he could never stand still enough for the man and Bobbi was pushed
further towards his breakdown. 

Then one day he noticed that the dungeon door was slightly ajar. Maybe
he could escape after all, get out of the dungeon and call for help? But
if he didn't make it and the man caught him, Bobbi was sure that the
punishment would be worse than ever before. His fear and his submissive
nature fought with his desire to escape all day, but in the end his fear
won and he remained in place until the man came back, only to be
punished for shifting his feet ever so slightly. The next day the door
was closed and Bobbi nearly cried at this missed opportunity. Several
days went by until the door again stood ajar. This time Bobbi managed to
gather courage enough to try and escape and when he was absolutely sure
that the man was gone, he ran towards the door. His heels clicked
enticingly against the floor as Bobbi unconsciously ran with a sexy
strut and he didn't even notice the drool on his chest running out of
his forcibly open mouth. When he reached the door he pried it open with
his foot and walked through it. The moment he walked through it panic
gripped him. Behind the door was a very short corridor followed by a
very sturdy door, which was clearly locked. The open door had been a
trap, a setup to test him and he had failed. He tried desperately to
open the outer door, but to no avail. The man was going to find out and
he was going to make Bobbi pay for this. The thought made Bobbi soil
himself with panic. 

When the man returned he immediately saw that his plan had worked, that
he was close to breaking Bobbi completely. In the corridor was a puddle
of Bobbi's waste and a pair of white footprints leading back into the
dungeon. Inside the dungeon Bobbi was kneeling in the middle of the
white powder in a state of panic. He was crying and mewling apologies
through his gag all the while he was rocking back and forth as if to
comfort himself. The man knew he had him this time. This time he would
break the slut completely. 

The punishment was brutal indeed and it went on for an eternity. The man
used practically his entire arsenal of possible punishments and he used
it for more than twelve hours running. When Bobbi passed out from the
pain and exhaustion, the man woke him up with smelling salts and kept
him going with energy drinks and such. Special attention was given to
his balls, which were literally dark blue after three hours, and also to
breath-play making Bobbi absolutely hysterical. All the time the man
kept repeating something that he had already repeated thousands of times
to Bobbi: that Bobbi existed only to please his master. The reason he
was punished so much and the reason he didn't properly appreciate being
punished was that he hadn't yet realized this. If Bobbi would just
realize that he existed only to please the man, and that he should love
being punished since it provided pleasure for the man, life would be
much easier. If he just accepted that he existed only to please his
master, Bobbi would be happy and content, able to love being punished
and at the same time realize why he was not deserving of sexual release.

Finally after twelve hours of continual punishment, Bobbi collapsed and
could not be woken up. The man was exhausted too, but thought that he
might have accomplished his goal. He would know when Bobbi came to in a
couple of hours. To make absolutely sure that the message was being
pounded in, he secured Bobbi in his normal sleeping position sitting on
the dildo, secured to the pole. His feet were in the cuffs as usual and
Bobbi was hooded and ring-gagged. Only Bobbi's balls received a bit of
special treatment. For the night the man allowed Bobbi's balls to hang
free of the tube that normally held them away from Bobbi's crotch. They
had swollen to almost three times their normal size and were an
unhealthy dark blue, almost purple color. The man idly wondered if he
had inadvertently castrated Bobbi. It would rob him of some excellent
punishment opportunities, but a castrated slave would do as well. 

After six hours of terrible sleep Bobbi finally awoke. There was not a
single spot on his body that didn't hurt. His balls felt as if they were
about explode from the swelling and he had to take a few deep breaths to
make sure that he wasn't still being choked. Bobbi understood now. He
had been a terrible slave, not understanding properly that he existed
only to please his master. Bobbi knew that the man had been only right
in punishing him so severely and the fact that he hadn't punished more
was a testament to how kind and gentle his master was. Bobbi had
deserved so much more punishment for not submitting unconditionally
immediately, yet the man had been merciful and patient, guiding him
towards understanding with the long series of training sessions and
punishments. Bobbi was filled with love and affection for the man who
had been so kind and patient with and he felt a deep sense of guilt that
he had not responded properly to this kindness. 

Bobbi had been effectively broken, just as the man had set out to do.
When the man returned to the dungeon to find Bobbi awake he found out
just how well he had done. Upon hearing the man's footsteps Bobbi began
apologizing for his behavior, swearing that he would be a better slave
from now on and begging the man to punish him more for his terrible
behavior. Bobbi's pleas were partially incoherent since Bobbi was still
in very bad shape and besides his ring-gag made his words hard to
discern, but after listening with an amused grin for several minutes the
man understood that he had indeed succeeded. The man quietly
congratulated himself and set out to clean Bobbi up and get him through
his morning routine. The routine itself was accompanied by the inane
babbling from his newly broken slave. It was only when Bobbi, broken and
bruised and still babbling through his gag, crawled across the floor
towards the shower area that the man stopped and knelt down
acknowledging his slave for the first time: "Quiet slut. You are a dirty
and shamefully disobedient slave-slut and you will be punished for it, I
promise. But for now I accept your submission, just as long as you
remember that you exist only to please me. Now let's get you cleaned up
and repair all the stupid damage you have done to yourself." A great
sense of relief and gratitude swept over Bobbi as the man accepted his
complete and utter submission. He cried with this gratitude, swearing
both out loud and to himself that he would do anything for the man,
absolutely anything. The man just hushed him and guided his crawling
slave, crying with gratitude at his acceptance, towards the shower. 

That day the man didn't train or punish Bob. Instead he washed and fed
and then left him to stand in the middle of the floor for the whole day
and most of the night. It would surely have been best for Bobbi's body
if he had been allowed to lie down and rest, but now that Bobbi had been
broken the man felt it was best to show no weakness and let the slave
feel that he was owned and controlled. This also meant punishing him for
not being able to stand still after a whole day, but the man made sure
that punishment was light. This was quite easy as Bobbi's whole body was
basically just one big bruise and all it took was a light tap to make
him scream. The man kept this up for three days until Bobbi was
sufficiently healed for training to begin again. 

When the three days were over the man resumed the same training regimen
as before Bobbi had been broken. It had never been hard getting Bobbi to
comply with his orders, Bobbi really was a super-submissive slave-slut
at heart, but now it was ridiculously easy. His every thought was now to
please the man and to obey and he was grateful for every little bit of
attention the man gave him, even if it was a slap in the face, a kick in
the balls or a warm stream of piss deposited in his mouth. In his broken
state Bobbi had come to think of this as a token of the man's
appreciation and swallowed the disgusting liquid with obvious relish. 

The man had two more things he wanted to do to Bobbi before settling him
in properly as his slave. He wanted to remove all of Bobbi's teeth so
that the blowjobs he received would be completely smooth. Just as
importantly the loss of teeth would be Bobbi's final and irreversible
surrender. With no teeth he had nothing at all left to fight with. His
hands were useless and becoming more and more so every day. His feet
clad in stilettos were only good for looking good, certainly not for
kicking. Indeed they were hardly suited for walking, but that was part
of what made them so attractive for a slave to wear in the first place.
That and the leg and body posture. Not that the man expected any trouble
from Bobbi now that he had been broken, but it is one thing to know that
you won't fight, but an entirely different thing to know that all your
possibilities of putting up any kind of fight have been removed. Knowing
that he was completely helpless would break Bobbi even further. There
was one final twist the man wanted to add to the removal of Bobbi's
teeth. He wanted Bobbi to ask for it himself. In asking Bobbi would
prove beyond a doubt his complete devotion to the man, both to the man
and most importantly to himself. Asking for, begging for the man to
remove all of his teeth, his last possibility to fight back, would snap
even the last remnant of resistance hidden deep within the slave-slut. 

The second thing the man wanted to do to Bobbi was to make him eat shit.
It wasn't that the man got turned-on by seeing someone eating shit.
Quite the contrary. Seeing someone eat shit was disgusting and made him
want to throw up. The man was quite sure that Bobbi felt the same way.
But making him do so was to complete his degradation, to prove to him
that he was the lowest creature in the world and thereby implying that
he should be grateful for the attention he received from his master, no
matter how painful it might be. 

So while the man trained Bobbi he dropped small hints about how nice it
would be if his cock had a smooth sheath to slide in, how truly devoted
slaves had soft lips, mouths and gums, how "real" slaves gave it all up
for their masters and so forth. The remarks were soft and subtle, as
spoken to himself but Bobbi soon knew what was expected of him. He was
being a terrible slave for not asking the man to remove all his teeth so
that the man would have a nice and smooth sheath to fuck when he grabbed
Bobbi's face. Bobbi knew what he had to do. He existed only to please
the man, so if he wanted all of Bobbi's teeth removed it was only right
that they be removed. So the next morning, just as the man had removed
Bobbi's hood in the morning, Bobbi fell to his knees and kissed the
man's shoes as he cried: "Please Master. Won't you please remove my
teeth so that I may better please you, Master? I'm so sorry for being
such a bad slave and not asking you before. Won't you please remove all
of my teeth and punish me for being such a terrible slave?" Bobbi's
tears of remorse fell on the man's shoes and the man had trouble not
laughing at the pathetic slave-slut crying at his feet as he replied:
"Of course I will remove your teeth and of course I will punish you for
being such a useless little slut." Bobbi again kissed the man's feet,
thanking him profusely. Then the man proceeded to clean Bobbi as he
always did in the morning. 

After cleaning and dressing Bobbi, the man dragged him into a corner. In
the corner stood a special chair, a cross between a dentist's chair and
something used for examinations at a gynecologist. The man strapped
Bobbi into this, his legs secured wide. He made sure that Bobbi's
forehead was encircled by a sturdy strap and then asked Bobbi to open
wide. His whole body quivering with fear, Bobbi complied, signaling his
utter submission to the cruel man who now owned him. The man was not a
dentist, but he was thorough and quite brutal. Using only a pair of
pliers and no sedative or anesthetic of any kind, he methodically
removed all of Bobbi's teeth to the sound of Bobbi's pitiful screams.
After the man had removed his front teeth, Bobbi got second thoughts and
closed his mouth, whimpering with pain and humiliation. The man didn't
even get angry but merely said: "You are a complete and utter
slave-slut. My property. You owe me everything and you exist only to
please me." Bobbi of course knew that the man was right and that he was
merely being a stupid slave, so he opened his mouth and tearfully said:
"I'm sorry Master. I am a useless slut. Please remove the rest and
please punish me for this infraction." It came out with a slight lisp,
but the declaration of defeat was enough for the man who said that Bobbi
would indeed be punished. Then he proceeded to remove the rest of
Bobbi's teeth. When the final tooth had been wrenched from his mouth.
Bobbi had been reduced to a crying, whining and senselessly blubbering
wreck, just as the man had intended. He cleaned up Bobbi's bleeding
mouth and secured him in his sleeping position, with the giant dildo up
his ass and his eyes covered by the thick rubber hood. 

Sitting tied up in the dark, his mouth hurting horribly, Bobbi cried in
defeat. He cried because he had given up the final chance of resistance.
With both his hands and his feet useless in a fight, his only option had
been to bite the man. Not that the man had ever placed himself in a
position where Bobbi had had the possibility, but at least the
theoretical option had existed. No more. But Bobbi didn't only cry from
pain and defeat. He also cried with relief. Relief, that he had now
finally and irrevocably given up all chance of escape. However hopeless
it had seemed or been Bobbi had always kept an eye out for the
possibility of escape. This was gone now and he could relax, accepting
his ultimate submission. Because deep down in his heart that was what he
had always wanted. Now that there was no chance of escape ever, he could
admit to himself that this was what he had wanted ever since he had
written that first e-mail to the man. This ultimate and complete
submission, brutal and demanding slavery for the rest his life was what
he had craved. Now he truly was a slave and there was nothing he could
do to change that. As the pain receded and his slavery was a fact, Bobbi
was filled by deep gratitude towards the man. Accepting his fate Bobbi
truly loved the man. 

When morning came and the man once again prepared Bobbi for a day of
harsh slavery, Bobbi thanked him again and again and begged him to
punish him. Bobbi knew he had been a lousy slave for denying the man his
teeth for so long and so he begged to be punished for this unacceptable
behavior. Afterwards, when Bobbi was crying again, this time from the
unbelievable pain the man had inflicted on his testicles, Bobbi thanked
the man again. 

Now the man had one thing left on the program for initial Bobbi's
enslavement and degradation left. After washing and dressing Bobbi for a
new day, the man went to the shower area and pulled down his pants. Then
he squatted down and took a quite large dump on the floor. He turned to
Bobbi and said: "Clean my ass slave." There was no mistaking the man's
order, but Bobbi was in shock. However complete his submission, he had
never imagined eating shit as one of his tasks. But of course he had no
choice but to comply and almost automatically he walked over and knelt
behind the man. Still shocked and surprised he used his tongue to clean
the man's asshole, fighting back the powerful urge to throw up. When the
man was satisfied that his ass was clean, he pulled up his pants and
turned around. With a slight nod he indicated the pile of shit on the
floor and said: "You're not done yet, slut." With a horrified whine
Bobbi realized what he had to do. There was of course no way around it
and with a frozen terrified smile Bobbi began eating his master's waste.
It was the worst thing the man had done to him ever, the most disgusting
and revolting. Bobbi would rather have his balls electrified for three
weeks without pause than do this, but he knew that he only lived to
please the man and if this was what he wanted Bobbi to do, then he must
follow orders. The urge to puke was extremely powerful and several times
he had to fight back the bile rising in his throat. All that kept him
from throwing up was the thought of how he owed the man his
unquestioning obedience. The man watched Bobbi first eat his shit and
then lick the floor clean with a condescending smile on his face,
nodding every time his desperately smiling slave looked up. This was
just an act. In fact the man had to fight an equally powerful urge to
puke. Powerful as the urge to puke might have been, the man also felt
extremely aroused. What really mattered here was not the fact that Bobbi
ate shit. It was the fact that the man's control over Bobbi was now so
complete that he could make Bobbi do it. He could make him do it just by
giving an order. He didn't have to beat him or torture him to do it. In
fact he didn't even have to threaten him with any of these things. He
controlled Bobbi so totally that he hadn't even had to say the words
"eat shit". Bobbi had carried out an almost unspoken order, just because
it came from the man, his owner. The man had to agree that power was
indeed the most potent aphrodisiac of all. 

When Bobbi had finished cleaning the floor, the man washed his grateful
slave's mouth with industrial strength soap. Then he threw Bobbi, who
still had to fight the urge to puke, up against a wall and took him up
the ass. Bobbi of course loved being fucked by the man, but this time he
was hardly mentally present. The task of eating shit had brought home to
him just how low he was, just what being a slave really meant. Just as
the man had intended. The man had managed to strip away what little
pride Bobbi had left and degrade him to an unheard-of level. 

Bobbi's bruised and battered mind accepted this, confirming again that
he was a slave-slut, to be used by the man as he wished. And behind all
the revulsion and degradation lurked Bobbi's need to submit utterly.
Wasn't this what he had really wanted all along? Hadn't he really longed
to be brought this low? Since he was long past fighting such suggestions
from his mind, he simply accepted it and slipped into his role as a
disgusting slave-slut. 




Chapter 6 
Now Bobbi's slavery began in earnest. All the training and
punishment the man had put Bobbi through before had been to condition
him, to mould him into the shape that the man wanted him in. Now it was
time for the man to cash in on all the hard work he had put into the
task. The first order of business was to make sure that Bobbi's blowjobs
became the best ever. There was only one thing to do: practice. After
every blowjob Bobbi gave he received extensive critique and punishment
when needed, which is to say all the time. After a week or two Bobbi had
the fundamentals down and all that was needed now was plenty of
practice. Unfortunately the man didn't have the stamina for the number
of blowjobs that Bobbi needed in order to reach perfection - no one did.
Furthermore the man did not intend to share Bobbi with anyone. His
intentions were just as he had told Bobbi: to keep him as a slave in the
dungeon for the rest of his life. This also meant that he did not mean
for anyone else to sample the delights Bobbi had to offer. The man
wanted Bobbi for himself. So the man mounted a dildo, cast as an exact
model of his own cock, on a pole in the dungeon at the exact same height
as his own cock. When he was away from the dungeon Bobbi could then use
this for practice. When the man received the next blowjob he could judge
for himself if Bobbi had improved his technique. If not, more punishment
was in store for Bobbi. Bobbi loved this treatment. It made him feel
special, like the man really cared whether he was a good slave or not.
Again every little punishment was taken as a sign of affection by Bobbi,
who by now was completely addicted to the man. Even when he screamed in
pain from the horrible things the man did to him, Bobbi loved him and
knew he deserved it. So Bobbi set out to become fantastic at giving
blowjobs and soon became just that. 

After blowjobs came Bobbi's ass. The man again worked diligently to
train Bobbi to be able to move is ass muscles just so to provide the
best possible fuck. Using the same training technique, with Bobbi
humping an artificial cock for practice, he was soon able to do amazing
things with his ass to provide pleasure for his master. 

As the months progressed and Bobbi grew to become a better and better
sex-slave, his skills improved in other areas as well. His walk was now
sexy and elegant in practically any situation and his behavior had
become that of a proper slave-slut. Completely devoted and in love with
his cruel master, Bobbi relished in his submission and the knowledge
that he was the lowest slave-shit in the world. He was deeply grateful
for the man's attention, whether the man fucked, trained or punished
him, and thanked him for every little touch. He had even come to love
the man's very frequent and always very brutal breath-play. There were
two reasons for this. Firstly Bobbi knew that the man's touch, no matter
what shape it took, was good for him and that he should love it. Even if
the man was choking him, putting him in state of absolute panic. But
there was a second and more important reason why Bobbi grew to love
being asphyxiated by the man. On the occasions the man played with
Bobbi's breath, be it with a plastic bag, a piece of rope, a purpose
built collar or simply by choking Bobbi with his bare hands, were the
only occasions when the man took Bobbi's imprisoned member out and
played with it. When he was about to choke Bobbi he first removed
Bobbi's chastity device, inspected his cock to see if it was all right
and then washed and dried it. Then, while fucking Bobbi and playing with
his breath, he also stroked Bobbi's cock expertly; always making sure
that Bobbi was never allowed to cum. These occasions always reduced
Bobbi to a complete wreck. Feeling the man inside him was fantastic and
when the man stroked his cock Bobbi was almost in heaven. Almost. But
the acute fear of choking and the enormous frustration at not being
allowed to cum made him utterly desperate. As time passed the two sets
of emotions blended into one, transforming the choking into a fabulous
turn-on. The mere hint of having his breath cut off made Bobbi shudder
with arousal and fear. 

Eight months after arriving in the man's dungeon Bobbi had been into a
breath-play addict. It had been more than fourteen moths since he had
last been allowed to cum and his balls were now permanently heavy with
cum, aching desperately and his cock dribbled a small but steady stream
of pre-cum. Although he knew that he didn't deserve it and as such
shouldn't expect it, he kept hoping that the man would one day grant him
an orgasm. At the same time being allowed to cum seemed an ever more
distant possibility. The man loved to torture Bobbi by denying him the
right to cum, but he showed absolutely no inclination towards rewarding
him for being such a devoted slave. In fact he always expressed doubt as
to Bobbi's skills and devotion, prompting Bobbi into ever more desperate
attempts to please him. 

Bobbi had adjusted fully to life as the man's slave-slut. He no longer
thought of escape, but accepted that he really was the lowest of the
low. His hands and arms were withering to the point where they were no
longer useful and the man now only needed to free them for a brief
period of time every third day to clean them and allow blood to
circulate properly. When this happened Bobbi was of course tied and
hooded, but really there was no need anymore as he accepted what
happened and let his arms hang down limply, not even trying to move his
arms or fingers. Not that he would have been able to anyway. His arms
were simply not functional anymore. When his arms were not free, he
hardly noticed them anymore. None of the tasks he performed now required
that he use them. This did not mean that his life would not have been
much more simple and easy had he still had the use of his arms. It just
meant that the man didn't want him to be able use his arms. Whenever he
thought about his arms, and this was increasingly rare, Bobbi thought
that it would be much simpler for everybody if they were just removed.
In his dark, submissive fantasies he also thought he might look good for
his master with an armless torso. Then again the presence of his useless
and forbidden arms served as a reminder of his status and it was always
good for a slave to know how low he really was. 

The few minutes every day his feet were free somehow felt wrong to him
now as he had grown not only accustomed to, but also addicted to
stilettos. He had also adjusted to sleeping while sitting secured to the
pole, his insides filled up by the massive steel dildo. It felt somehow
right to be secured that way, tied up and hooded in an uncomfortable
situation. 

Most of Bobbi's days were mindless routine. He woke up. The man washed
him and changed his shoes, corset and collar. Then it was usually time
for a quick fuck followed by some training, not necessarily in that
order. Then the man left him for the day, presumably to go to work.
While the man was away Bobbi engaged in whatever training the man had
decreed for him that day. Usually it was an hour and a half of exercise,
followed by an hour of blowjob training and an hour of ass training.
Bobbi exercise was some sit-ups and long stretches on the Stairmaster.
Maintaining his balance on this while wearing high heels was quite hard,
but with sufficient training and brutal punishment, Bobbi soon had the
hang of it. After exercising he ate his lunch from a doggy bowl on the
floor, drank a lot of water from a bottle with a spout shaped like the
man's cock. This was more often than not heavily laced with the man's
urine. Then he was allowed to take a piss before assuming the position
in which he would wait for the man to return. In one corner of the
dungeon a short, fat dildo rose out of the floor. Bobbi would kneel in
front of it and close his lips around it. He would then remain in that
position until the man told him otherwise. Many times the man simply
didn't return that night or couldn't be bothered to deal with the
slave-slut. Then Bobbi would spend the whole night in that position. 

About half of the days Bobbi would do all this while hooded, stumbling
around in the dark. It took a while for him to get used to this, but as
usual the man provided a helpful measure of punishment to motivate Bobbi
and soon Bobbi knew his way around the dungeon in the dark. 

Often the man sat in the dungeon writing his stories. There was a desk
and a computer in the dungeon and when he wrote Bobbi would kneel under
the table, bound and hooded, and hold the man's cock in his mouth until
told to suck. Just as he had done when he had first met the man. Just as
often the man would spend the night torturing Bobbi, just for the fun of
it. He used all the tricks he had before and still focused heavily on
Bobbi's balls. 

Every so often the man would be away, presumably on business. This
changed very little in Bobbi's daily routine. He still slept sitting
hooded on the dildo, but wasn't attached to the pole. He showered and
squatted over the hole in the floor just as he always did, but without
the man watching. His meals were dry food from a cat food dispenser. The
only difference from the ones used by ordinary families to feed the cat
while they were on vacation, was that it was a hooded sex-slave that ate
the food and not a cute calico kitten. Even the food coming out of the
dispenser was the same. Bobbi exercised and trained as he normally
would, all of it in complete darkness because of the hood. He knew the
timing of these things from an alarm clock the man had set, but his
routine was unchanged. 

Bobbi lost all sense of time in the dungeon. There was no natural light,
no change in temperature, no clocks apart from the alarm that ruled his
world when the man was away and even that was invisible to. Besides it
didn't call out time, but the next assignment for him to carry out so he
didn't even have to remember what to do next. There was nothing in the
dungeon to give Bobbi any sense of the passing of time. To make it even
more confusing, the man sometimes changed certain time intervals in
Bobbi's daily routine: letting him sleep secured to his pole much longer
or shorter than normal, changing the periods of time he performed other
tasks. It all combined to rob Bobbi of all sense of time. When a year
had passed Bobbi had no idea how long he had belonged to the man. His
sense of time had grown fuzzy and sometimes he even doubted there had
been a time when he had not belonged to the man, that there had been a
time when he had not been a useless slave-slut living in a dungeon.
Whenever this happened unexplainable panic gripped him until he
remembered how the man had first captured him and all the subsequent
humiliations he had been subjected to. The memories of how he had been
gang-banged all night long and how he had been fucked by two strangers
beside an empty highway were very clear, but the memories of friends and
family, of what he had been before the man kidnapped him, got weaker and
weaker every day. 

Then suddenly one day (it was a little more than a year since Bobbi's
arrival in the dungeon) the man brought a new slave to the dungeon. He
arrived in the same way as Bobbi had, sealed inside a giant crate, his
every movement controlled by the man. The thought of having a fellow
slave excited Bobbi greatly, but it also confused him and saddened him.
Was he not enough for the man? His own well-conditioned mind provided
the answer to that. Of course Bobbi wasn't enough. How could he be? He
was just a disgusting slave-slut and of course the man would much rather
have other slaves than Bobbi, and rightly so. 

Bobbi awaited the inevitable change to his life the new slave's arrival
heralded, but for the first long while there was none. While the man
subjected the poor newcomer to the exact same training and conditioning
as he had subjected Bobbi to, achieving the same results, Bobbi's life
went along as it had for the past months. The man still tended to him in
the morning and secured him at night. The only difference was that he
now trained alone all the time, while the man brutalized the other slave
in the most unspeakable manner, just as he had Bobbi. The sexual demands
on Bobbi lessened somewhat in this period, but nowhere near as much as
Bobbi expected. The man still fucked him and checked his blowjob
technique at regular intervals and he still subjected Bobbi to frequent
sessions of breath-play, while still managing to mould the other slave
into shape. 

After a couple of months Bobbi, standing stock still, feet together,
chest out and head respectfully downcast, witness the final degradations
of the new slave. First he asked to have his teeth removed, a request
the man promptly granted. Then he ate the man's waste, obeying the order
unquestioningly and accepting his role as a filthy slave-bitch. The man
always referred to Bobbi as "slut", but the other slave was called
"bitch". When bitch's conditioning was complete the man stood before the
two slaves and told them how it would be. Both were toothless, hairless
and tied in the same manner: Seven-inch, black Oxfords, severe black
corsets and collars. Their hands sealed inside tiny rubber mittens and
secured in a backprayer. They slept in separate cells, but sitting in
the same kind of dildo, secured to the same kind of pole. They performed
the same things every day and both were hooded half the time, always
alternating so that one could see while the other could not. That much
they already knew when the man spoke: "Up till now I've been here to
teach you two worthless slaves the ropes, but from now on you'll have to
be able carry out the routine on your own. You have trained this and
even useless slaves like you should be able to do the simple things
required of you." Bobbi and the other slave bowed their heads in
acknowledgement as the man continued: "However there is one more rule:
you two are absolutely not allowed to talk to each other. Under no
circumstances are you to talk to each other. You may speak to me when
given a direct order to do so, but if I catch you two talking,
punishment will be truly horrible." He pointed to some black objects in
every corner of the dungeon: "There are cameras and sound activated
microphones all over this dungeon and if I catch even e peep of
conversation between the two of you I'll fucking castrate you." To
emphasize his point he took out a pair of heavy-duty scissors and placed
them around first Bobbi's balls and then the other slave's, making both
of them whine with fear. None of them had any doubt that he was serious
and combined with their brutally effective conditioning this meant that
neither of them actually spoke to each other. For the rest of their
lives they simply knew each other as "bitch" and "slut". 

As the two slaves adjusted seamlessly to the routine as directed by
their beloved master, he in turn introduced a few new things. First he
changed the hood routine. Now both were hooded at the same time and so
able to see each other for most of the time. Then, to make sure that the
slaves became even more miserably horny than they already were, he
introduced "the licking" as part of the daily routine. First the slaves
would kiss passionately, the standing order being to use as much tongue
as possible. Then one slave would gently and systematically lick every
square inch of the other's body, starting at the neck and moving down
the front, finishing at the heels of the shoes. Special attention was of
course paid to the balls and to blowing warm and moist breath on the
imprisoned and straining cock behind its cage. Then the licking would
move up the back of the slave, moving from the back of the neck into a
passionate kiss. Special attention was of course given to the ass. This
finished, the other slave had the chance to pay the favor back. When the
licking was over both slaves would be panting with desire and
frustration, often reducing both to tears. Although he didn't know it
precisely, Bobbi was approaching the two-year mark since his last orgasm
and he was beginning to doubt that he would ever be allowed to cum
again. When bitch licked his balls he would moan with passion, almost
unable to call out and beg for an orgasm. 

The man also began stretching the balls of his slaves in earnest.
Bobbi's balls as well as bitch's balls were already held about two
inches away from their crotches by the steel tube that was linked to
their chastity tube. Two inches didn't really stretch them that much, it
merely made sure that they couldn't crawl back in the crotch. But two
inches was not enough for the man. First he used weights. Tying one end
of a short piece of rope around Bobbi's scrotum and the other to a ten
pound weight, the man started the stretching in earnest. It wasn't too
bad for the first half hour or so, but then it began to get really
painful. After three hours of standing still with the weight pulling
down on his balls, Bobbi was sweating with the effort, on the brink of
screaming with pain. After four hours he did, his breath coming in
little, almost panicky screams. After five hours Bobbi's balls would be
almost blue and the pain would have moved up deep in his crotch and
abdomen. After six hours the man would usually stop, letting his
exhausted slaves drop to the ground, moaning and crying out their thanks
to their owner. Having their balls weighted down wasn't the only ball
stretching exercise the man did with his slaves. Another form of
stretching was to tie the slave's ankles together with a short piece of
rope, leaving perhaps six inches between them. Then he would tie one end
of a new piece of rope around the slave's balls. Making the slave bend
his legs until the upper and lower legs were almost at a right angle,
the man would then tie the other end of the rope to the rope connecting
the slave's ankles, making sure that there was no slack in the rope. Now
the slave would be unable to stand up or even straighten his legs
slightly without pulling on his testicles. The position was strenuous
enough as it was, but the man would then make the slave walk around.
This was extremely hard on the thighs and soon the slave would be
sweating with exertion, his legs shaking and the rope pulling painfully
on the balls with every step. To make it more difficult, the man would
always gag and hood his slaves when doing this exercise. After a while,
when the slave was almost exhausted, unable to go any further, the man
would let him rest kneeling on the floor. The slave was never allowed to
rest for very long and when he got up again, he found the drill even
harder to do because his legs were now very tired so the shaking and
pulling started almost at once. The man would do this drill until the
slave was completely desperate, mewling into his gag, his hooded and
almost featureless head shaking senselessly. It provided the man with a
marvelous opportunity for punishing his slaves. Walking bent over made
their asses stick out most invitingly and he often fucked them then and
there. They also provided and inviting target for a whipping or cropping
and at the same time the excuse, as if he needed one, was obvious: their
walk was terrible, not elegant at all (but quite sexy). When the slaves
were at the end of their tether, unable to go any further, he sometimes
crouched in front of them and held their balls still with one hand. He
the used the other to deliver two hard and sharp flicks of his
fingernails directly to the each testicle. The pain was unbelievable and
made the slaves scream and try to straighten out in a hurry. This was
the reason for holding them with his hands. That way he could prevent
them from standing up and ripping off their balls. The man had plenty of
other ways of stretching his slaves' balls and in the end he got
results. When he was done with the stretching, Bobbi's balls hung down
almost nine inches from his crotch as did bitch's balls. With a scrotum
that long, the man could now tie a piece of string around Bobbi's balls
and pull them back between his legs until they nestled between in
buttock, almost inside his ass. Then the man tied the string off to
Bobbi's corset, making sure that the balls stayed where they were. The
man always did this first thing after preparing his slaves for the day.
That way they had to walk around all day, their balls being ground
between their buttocks. The sensation was both quite painful and quite
arousing and it drove both Bobbi and bitch absolutely mad. When the man
came back in the evening to find his two slaves sucking on the fat,
little dildo mounted in the corner, their asses sticking almost straight
up in the air, they provided him with not only a perfect target for an
ass-whipping, but also a great opportunity to strike their balls. The
man loved it. First he would beat their asses and balls, reducing them
to whimpering wrecks and then he would loosen the string holding the
balls in place and fuck their asses. And the slaves were so
well-conditioned that they just kept on sucking the floor-mounted dildos
until he told them to stop. When their balls were not tucked up between
their buttocks, the man fitted his slaves with very narrow tubes, nine
inches long. These held their scrotums with the testicles sticking out
at one end. The testicles were almost squeezed out and looked like
balloons about to burst. It was very humiliating for Bobbi to have his
balls hanging down like that, trapped, squeezed and exposed. Furthermore
they were quite vulnerable and when he walked they were constantly being
struck by his legs, sending shockwaves of pain up to his crotch. It was
enough to trigger Bobbi's super-submissive instincts, fuelling his
already enormous unfulfilled lust and it was quite clear that bitch felt
the same way. 

A new possible addition to his slaves' outfits the man introduced was
the fuck-handles. The fuck-handles provided an easy way for him to hold
a slave while fucking him brutally. Sometimes the man wanted to use the
skills the slaves hand with their asses and mouths, but other times he
simply wanted to fuck them as brutally as possible and for that the
handles were practical. There were two variations. The first was a steel
band around the slave's corset. To the steel band, just above either
hip, two handles, just like bicycle handlebars were mounted. Grabbing
these the man could pull the slave towards him as he pounded the slave's
ass. The second variation was far more painful for the slave. Here the
steel band went around the slave's head, with the band passing over the
eyes and ears. Usually the slave would be hooded when the band was
tightened until the slave screamed in pain, but not always. The
handlebars would be mounted at the slave's ears, providing excellent
grip when the man wanted to face-fuck his slave as brutally as possible.
Often at least one of his slaves was fitted with the fuck-handles in the
morning and would wear them all day long. Sometimes both wore them and
sometimes, when the man was in a foul mood, they wore them for days at a
time. This was usually accompanied by ferocious torture sessions, so
bitch and slut feared the handles, although neither could help being
filled with submissive delight whenever they were put on. Being treated
as an object by the man turned both slaves on a great deal. 

Bobbi, or slut as he was now known, and bitch followed whatever orders
the man gave without question or hesitation. Both loved him and were
completely devoted. If the man wanted to cause them great pain, they
were both sure that it was right and good. The man continued his brutal
breath-play, combined with endless teasing of the slaves, never letting
them cum. Both slaves were extremely frustrated sexually, but accepted
without question that this was the man's right. If he thought that was
the way it should be, then they must comply. Their conditioning complete
both really did exist only to please him. Bitch and slut also grew very
fond of each other, even if they never spoke to each other and never
even knew each other's name. Bitch's real name had been Joe and he too
had met the man over the Net and had allowed his submissive nature to
get the better of him, until the man took over completely, before
finally abducting him and installing him as a toothless, hairless and
completely broken and docile slave in his dungeon. 

Bitch and slut spent a lot of time together alone. Most of the time they
carried out the man's instructions, but when it wasn't in contradiction
to the man's orders they would try to show a bit of affection for each
other. Often it was just a bit of rubbing together of their bodies, but
when they followed the man's order to lick each other all over, their
passion definitely got the better of them. The licking would develop
into frenzied kissing and licking, with lavish attention paid the other
slaves genitals and ass. When it was time to stop both would be flushed
with unfulfilled excitement and panting with lust. 

Their lives continued as an endless stream of fuckings, training and
punishments. Both lost all sense of time and eventually forgot about the
outside world and about the times and people they had known before
meeting the man. Even their names became distant memories. Bobbi would
probably have reacted if he had been called by his name, as would Joe,
but now they thought of themselves mostly as bitch and slut. 

They lived together as the man's slaves for almost five years, although
none of them had any sense of the passage of time. Then finally change
came to their lives in the form of not one, but two giant crates on the
dungeon floor. 

This time the man didn't let bitch and slut go about their business
while he prepared and trained what was obviously a new pair of slaves.
Instead he commanded them to stand absolutely still while he prepared
the new slaves. Before opening the crates he fitted bitch and slut with
a couple of huge ball-gags, wrenching their jaws apart and filling up
their mouths completely. While he removed the lids of the crates,
revealing the rubber-bound forms inside, Bobbi wondered how the man
would fit all of them in the dungeon. As it was now there were only two
sleeping poles, each in its own tiny cell. There wasn't room for more
poles in the cells, so he assumed that at least two of the slaves would
sleep in the dungeon itself. 

Meanwhile the man had removed the black rubber holding the two new
slaves and hung them by their wrists. Their heads were still covered by
thick, black rubber hoods, but already bitch and slut could see that the
man had caught two exceptionally well-trained black guys. He had caught
a pair of very muscular, black twins. They were about average height,
had extremely well sculpted muscles and very dark skin, so very smooth
and fine. 

As bitch and slut watched, the man prepared his new slaves. The man
might have abducted them, but like both bitch and slut they were more
than a little turned on by what the man did to them. Once he had removed
their catheters, their cocks stood at immediate attention and at the
man's touch both moaned with passion. The man prepared them like he had
bitch and slut and when he was done they were tied up just like bitch
and slut were. Of course they were fitted with ring-gags since they had
not yet begged to have their teeth removed, but otherwise their bonds
were almost identical, right down to the Oxfords with the seven-inch
stilettos. Almost. Because while bitch and slut were two white slaves
with black bindings, the two newcomers were black and had white
bindings. Bobbi's cock stirred as he looked at the two beautiful black
guys wearing white ring-gags, white collars, white mittens, white
corsets and white stilettos. The two pairs of slaves looked at each
other and it was very clear that each thought the other looked
devastatingly sexy. The newcomers did, however, look quite alarmed when
they saw bitch and slut's chastity devices and their nine-inch long
scrotums, held in rigid black tubes, their testicles sticking out at one
end like balloons about to burst. 

The man let the slaves look at each other for a while and then spoke
first to bitch and slut: "Well, you two worthless pieces of slave-shit,
time has come for you to retire. Meet your replacements." He nodded at
the two black slaves and continued: "Meet the new bitch and the new
slut. As for you two, I have new assignment for you." The reason he had
fitted them with gags became apparent as both bitch and slut tried
desperately to plead to their master to let them stay as his slaves. The
man, however, would have none of it. With a wave of his hand and an
unmistakable order, he silenced them and made sure they stood absolutely
still while he tended to the two new slaves. The two new slaves looked
very puzzled and scared, but offered no resistance at all as the man
grabbed the steel wire around their testicles and led them into the
cells to be secured to the poles that until recently had been occupied
by bitch and slut. Soon they were secured in position, white rubber
hoods covering their faces and huge steel dildos filling them up
completely. As the man left them they tried to adjust to the resting
position they would occupy for the next many years. Seeing the two
crying slaves outside the cells had given them a good idea of what was
in store for them and both very more than a little scared as well as
very horny. The man had been cultivating them for a long time and it was
already almost a year since either of them had been allowed to cum. 

Closing the doors to the cells, the man returned to his two crying and
soon to be retired slaves. Both bitch and slut were devastated at the
news. All they could think about was how horrible it would be to no
longer serve their beloved master. Neither of them had given any thought
to what retirement might mean for a slave. The man led them into the
middle of the dungeon and made them kneel shoulder to shoulder. Then he
removed their gags and presented them with his cock and told them to
blow him. The slaves jumped at the opportunity to show their love and
devotion to the man and locking lips across his cock they made sure that
the blowjob was a memorable one. As he pulled up his pants, the man
smiled down at his slaves. Bobbi began to hope that maybe he and bitch
wouldn't retire after all. The man gave further nourishment to that idea
when he removed both their chastity devices. Bitch and slut sighed with
joy as their cocks sprang to life. They both moaned with passion as the
man went behind his slaves and forced massive, violently vibrating
dildo's up their asses and both had to restrain themselves so as not to
beg the man to let them cum. Then the man knelt down behind bitch and
put a noose around his neck. Using one hand to stroke bitch's painfully
erect cock and the other to gradually tighten the noose, he sped bitch
towards a magnificent orgasm. Like Bobbi, bitch loved being choked,
having been conditioned by the man to do so, and as his head grew
purple, his tongue began sticking farther and farther out of his mouth
and his eyes looked ready to pop out of his head, bitch moved towards
the best and last orgasm of his life. His movements became spasmodic and
his eyes unfocused as he thrashed and jerked while shooting his last
load. As Bobbi watched in horror and with extreme arousal, bitch shot
his load, thrashing like crazy after which the man laid his lifeless
body on the ground. What Bobbi did not notice, was that the man had
loosened the noose around bitch's throat a little right after he came.
The man hadn't killed bitch, only very nearly so and thus provided him
with a truly magnificent orgasm. 

Then the man took a new piece of rope, formed a noose and turned to
Bobbi. One part of Bobbi wanted to scream and run, to try and save his
life. But another far stronger part wanted the man to strangle him while
letting him cum. First of all Bobbi knew he owed it to the man, who had
been such a kind and loving master. Secondly Bobbi knew that this was
probably his only remaining chance for an orgasm and being strangled
while cuming was an enormous turn-on. If he had to die to cum, then that
was how it would be. He had waited long enough for this. Finally Bobbi
felt very strongly that he would rather die than stop serving the man.
So Bobbi sat absolutely still as the man put the noose around his neck
and tightened the knot before beginning his manipulation of Bobbi's
member. The orgasm was easily the best in his life as he jerked and
thrashed, completely out of air and convinced that he was dying while
his cum kept spurting out of him until he lost consciousness. 

He woke up coughing. As he slowly came around he realized that neither
he nor bitch were dead. Bitch lay beside him coughing as well. The huge
dildos were still humming away in their asses but the man was in the
process of removing them. Neither slave understood why the man had not
killed them. Surely he had no more use for them? But the man had one
more assignment for his two devoted slaves. They needed a bit of
"refitting", but they would do just fine. 

Stopping the confused slaves' questions he first refitted both slaves
with their chastity tubes, making both sob with despair as he told them
that they had just had their last orgasm. He made quit sure that this
sank into the tiny minds of the deeply unhappy slaves. Then he removed
their stilettos. Both were now sitting on the cold concrete floor,
wearing only their corset and collars, their useless and withered hands
and arms still locked into the same backprayer. Their tender cocks were
once again locked away, this time never to be used for cuming again.
Then he gave them new shoes or rather boots. These new boots made the
two slaves gasp with trepidation as well as excitement. Their new boots
were ankle high ballet-toed stilettos, with impossibly thin heels nine
inches high. If they were at all possible to walk in, they would force
the person wearing them to rest all of his weight directly on his
straight and unbent toes. It would be extremely difficult and painful
and neither bitch nor slut could wait. So the man had no trouble fitting
the two eager slaves with their new footwear. But contrary to what Bobbi
thought, the man did not intend for them to walk in the new stilettos.
They were simply an attractive way of containing the slaves' feet, while
at the same time rendering them even more helpless. Not that there was
any need for that where they were going, but it never hurt to be
thorough. Besides, stilettos were one of his major turn-ons, so why not
exploit it? 

As for Bobbi and his fellow slave, the man then dragged them over to the
shower area. A few days before the man had made a second hole the floor,
which neither bitch nor slut had guessed what was for. First he
positioned Bobbi with his ass directly above the hole, sitting down on
it. Then, using long rubber straps, he turned Bobbi into a tight bundle,
his folded legs pressing against his chest. After the compression, came
a large diameter clear plastic tube, which was lowered down over Bobbi.
It squeezed him tightly all over and Bobbi began wondering what was
going on. When the tube touched the floor on either side of Bobbi, its
rim reached above his head. The tube had a wide flange at the bottom
with many holes for bolts in it. The man now positioned them correctly
before bolting the tube to the floor with Bobbi inside. Bobbi now sat
with his legs pressed against his body inside a thick, clear plastic
tube. He could see out, but still had no idea what was going on. From
above came the man's voice commanding him to tilt his head back and open
his mouth. The man then lowered a very large funnel, made of the same
clear material as the tube and with approximately the same diameter at
the top. As the end of the funnel was forced down into Bobbi's mouth, he
began to get a very bad feeling. Once the funnel was in place, the man
secured it in that position, thus locking Bobbi inside the tube with
only his forcibly open mouth in contact with the outside world. This
task completed he tended to bitch. He was mounted in the same way inside
a similar, but shorter tube, leaving his head sticking out. A plastic
lid was used to seal his body inside the tube with his head was encased
in a black rubber hood sticking out, only his mouth left free. 

The man then stepped back and informed the slaves of their future, or
lack of it: "Well, bitch and slut. You have come to the end of the line,
to the end of your careers as useful sex-slaves. That does not, however,
mean that you can't perform for me anymore. Until it is time for the two
new, black versions of bitch and slut to retire, you two will act as
their toilets." Both bitch and slut screamed, but were silenced by the
man: "Do shut up, you two useless slave-shits. You really are such
wimps. Remember that it can always get worse." That shut them up and the
man continued: "For now slut is the toilet and bitch is the toilet
paper, licking their asses clean after they've used slut. In a week I'll
clean you up and bathe you before you change places. This is what you'll
do for the remainder of your life." Both slaves cried and begged, but
were helpless as the man sat down over Bobbi's open mouth and took a
dump. When he was finished and Bobbi had swallowed everything, he moved
over to bitch who dutifully licked his ass clean. Then the man left the
to start training his two new slaves, laughing quietly as he went. 

Bobbi spent the rest of his, almost ten years, either looking straight
up at the ass that would deposit its disgusting load in his mouth, or
sealed away inside a robber hood waiting to clean a dirty asshole. Once
a day the man emptied a couple of quarts of water and some cat food in
his mouth he wouldn't starve to death, but otherwise the only attention
he received was the shit deposited in his mouth. 

He could hear the new slaves screaming and begging and was filled with
terrible envy. His new position was surely disgusting, cramped and
painful, but the worst part was that he wasn't serving the man directly.
He ate slave shit as the man had ordered, but what he really longed to
do was to scream in pain to please the man. 

THE END 2NN 

If you liked the story drop me a line at story_2nn@yahoo.com 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





