BDSM Library - Dogs R Us




Dogs R Us
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman and her mother becomes sexual playthings for her next door neighbor and her teenage son.
Dogs R Us

Both my neighbor (June) and me (Sandy) were both divorce wives living on our
divorce settlements and pensions.  My neighbor was in her late 30s and I was 25. 
Of course my pension was a lot more since I had been married to an well-educated
man while hers was, I had to admit, a bum.  My mother, however, thought she was
the greatest thing in the world and spent all her time over there visiting
instead of visiting with me.  That's was fine since I didn't want her company
anyway.  She was always complaining about my lifestyle.

It had all started after my dog had poo her yard.  One thing led to another and
we ended in a shouting match with her demanding I clean it up or she would shove
my face in it.  Her 18-year-old son (Tom), was sitting on the swing laughing at
me.  I countered with my own; calling her a chubby bitch that needed her butt
spanked and her brat kid taught a lesson.

I turned around, and was about to start walking towards the house when she
kicked me as hard as she could between my legs.  Gripping my pussy from the pain
her foot had caused, I doubled over.  Before I realized it she put her foot in
my ass and pushed me face down in the ground.  My dress was up over my waist
with my panty ass exposed to her son.  I started to cover it when she pounced on
my back with her ass weight holding me down and started to slap my big butt.

At first, I started cursing and screaming at her, but the slaps were getting
harder and I couldn't protect my ass with my hands around her big butt.    All I
could do was swat at the ground in desperation.  I couldn't find something to
pull or pinch.  It must have been a pretty sight to her son with my panty ass
bouncing all over trying to avoid the slaps.  Soon the pain was unbearable and I
started to cry and beg her to stop.  She stopped but not due to my misery.

She called her son to come over and pull my panties off and see what a slut ass
look like.  Again, I couldn't do anything except kick, which was to no avail as
he was eager to please his mother.    He sat on my hind legs, remove his belt
and started walloping my big red ass.

It was too much as the pain started from the belt.  The kid was extremely cruel
hitting with full force while I beg and cried for pity.  She made me beg to
serve them as slut and slave, which I did immediately to avoid any more hits. 
Her son soon had his pants unzipped and with his mother encouragement shoved his
chubby prick enter my asshole.  I try to protect it by clenching as hard as I
could but it made it way in with his full weight behind it.  At first the pain
was unbearable, but the kid was really good at slow pumping.  Soon, as much as I
hated it, I found myself getting wet between the legs.

Her and her son then got up before I came, and told me to remove all my
clothing.  Hell with that I thought, I going to call the police, I said.  I got
halfway up when her son hit me hard across the tits with the belt causing me to
scream my lungs out.  His mother at the same time gripped my hair in a bundle
with her hands and repeated her command.

Fearing for myself, I started unbuttoning my dress and drop it to the ground.  I
then removed my bra.  The mother, June, pushed me back to the ground and told me
I better suck her son cock clean or I'll get the belt across my big tits again.   
By now, I was in heat myself and didn't need anymore slaps with the belt, so I
complied and gave the little bastard my best blowjob in years.  He was calling
me a bitch and whore, which was also getting me, excited from the humiliation. 
His mother placed a dog choker around my neck while I was servicing him and told
me if her son pulled too hard it could break my skinny neck.  I knew what a
choker was.  I had used it myself to train my dog and knew it choked them till
they obeyed.

I heard a car dog slam at my house and was trying to get up when the little
bastard pulled the choker and demanded I get on all fours.  I had no choice but
to obey while his mother said she would go and see whom it was.  The brat jumped
on my back and slapped my ass telling me to get crawling like a good little
doggie or he'll pull the choker harder this time.  I refused to bark at first
till the slaps got worse and I had to.

When we returned to the house still crawling, I was surprised to find June
standing there holding my mother by the hand.  I started to yell for help as
June told pushed her head to the ground with her ass sticking high up.  I could
hear her slapping her large ass as arrived and knew no relief was in sight.

Mother was moaning and thanking her for slapping her ass.  June got up and
retrieved my choker lease from Tom and said his doggie whore was home.  Tom
laughed and got up from my back to mother's back.  He lifted her dress up over
her shoulder and pulled her panties down to her ankles.  He then shoved his dick
again in her ass like he did mine earlier.  With each shove, she would bark and
whine like a dog as I watched in humiliation of her.  June was laughing and told
her to whine louder.

She turned to me.  Your mother has been our doggie slave for a year and we have
trained her good as you can tell.  She very good at lapping my pussy and ass. 
Tom enjoys shoving his cock in her ass whenever he wants. You two are going to
make a nice pair of bitches for us.  Now be a good little doggie and your ugly
face in my ass and lap good before I get my belt.

I slowly got behind her as she lifted her dress and pulled her panties down.  I
pushed my face in her smelly ass and started to lap it like my dog.  She shouted
encouragement at me telling me what a good little doggie I was.   After a while,
she turned around and I shoved my face in her cunt and continued my lapping to
please my new mistress.  She finally came all over my face.

Mom was now naked as I was with a choker around her neck also.  June and Tom led
us to each other and told us it was time for the doggies to smell each other
asses.  We obeyed without question and shoved our noses in each other butts.

Our mistress and master led us dog slaves into the house by our choker leases
with mother in front and me trailing with a full view of her ass.  Like my
mother, I was in heat and needed mating.  My cunt was on fire and that brat of a
kid had something I needed.  When we got in June sat on the couch holding my
leash while Tom decided he was going to show me tricks I'd better get use to
doing.

Mother had to crawl to the center of the room with Tom patting her head.  He
demonstrated several commands.

Heel - On knees, hands bend forward, mouth open for servicing his cock.  He slid
it in her mouth several times for the effect.
Present - Head down, ass up.  He had already used that one but I had a better
view of it now.
Pet- Mother rubbed her face in his ass or cock for his amusement.
Fetch - Mother crawls after a ball and brought it back to him.
Lap - Mother lapped his feet with her tongue in long strides.
Heat - Mother laid on her back and lifted her legs up and spread and started
panting.

The last command was Tom cue to enjoy himself again as he said the rest could
wait for now.  He got down on the floor and plunged his cock in her pussy in one
swift motion while she kept panting. Both that kid could get a hard on.  It
hadn't been but 20 minutes since last time and he was hard again.

June had been rubbing her cunt the whole time I was watching and now decided she
wanted some action too.  She pulled my lease and pushed my face into her crotch. 
She masturbated on my nose for several minutes and then commanded me to satisfy
her, which I oblige.    I was hot myself and hoping her son would come over and
shove his cock in my pussy, but he was too preoccupied with mother whom I could
hear panting louder.  When she had come on my face, she went to the kitchen and
returned with two clothesline clips and a black dildo.  She then pulled my erect
nipples and clamped each one.  The pain was tough but my urge to come was more. 
She then had me bend down and pushed the cock hard up my ass.

Time to earn you meal she said and told me to crawl around the room and wiggle
by ass like a dog.  She followed behind and if I didn't wiggle to her
satisfaction, she slapped my ass.   Tom by now had sat on the couch and mother
was lapping him all over.  He was laughing at me and telling his mother that my
ass was too small.  They would have to fatten it for his pleasure.  Once the
plug slipped out, and June made me pick it up in my mouth and give it to her for
reinsertion.  When my act was done, I got to lap her ass back to the couch as
she sat done.

Let the doggies enjoy themselves she said and pointed to a pair of tennis shoes
on the floor.  Doggies get over there and rub your pussies on the shoes.  You
have 5 minutes.  Both mother and me crawled in haste.

After we had gotten off on the old pair of tennis shoes.  June and Tom used us
for about an hour more before sending us home.  Mother and me was to become
permanent full time dog slaves for them and would be moving in tomorrow.  Mother
was extremely happy, while I was thinking of ways to escape without the whole
world knowing about my humiliation.  They had plenty of photo shots to show.  On
the way, I had to pick up the dog poo and move it to my yard.

When I got home that night, I couldn't sleep hardly at all.  Everything I
thought about the experience of the day, I got horny and started to masturbate. 
The next morning, I got dressed and went to work probably looking like I had
been in a thunderstorm.  Work was no better.  All day, I was looking at people
asses wondering what it would be like.  My panties were wet and I was trying to
avoid close contact.  I knew then I was hooked and was delighted when my new
mistress called at noon to see how I was doing.  I whined on the phone in a
doggie voice while she told me not to be late today.

When I arrived home, I went immediately to her house and knocked on the door. 
When she said to come in, I was surprise to find her totally nude with a large
strap-on dildo in front and applying k-y jelly to it.

Present, she said as I dropped to the floor with my head on the carpet and ass
high in the air.  She walked behind me and lowered my slacks to my knees and
then my wet panties.  She teased me on of being such a doggie in heat for her
mistress and then shoved the dildo up my ass in two swift motions.  I whined and
barked in pleasure, knowing my ass would never be the same again.  For now, it
belonged to her and I was in my proper place.

Tom and mother came in from outside about the time June had finished rimming my
ass.  Mother was crawling naked behind him with a bit in her mouth and collar
on.  Tom told his mother she had been bad and didn't do her new tricks very
good.   June made me get undressed and crawl to her and lap her face as a dog
while she got a belt and laid it on her ass real good.  She was then instructed
to get up and prepared a meal for her while Tom taught me some new tricks. 
Mother got up in tears with the bit still in and waddle in the kitchen nude.

Tom took the belt from June while she sat to watch.  I was told to do flips over
my head and when my ass reached the highest point, he would whack it with the
belt saying too slow.  I also had to crawl around on my belly while he hurried
me along hitting me with the belt.  My tits were red from carpet burns and when
I reach June she said treat time and put her foot in my mouth.

We have cages prepared for out doggies tonight she said as I swallowed her foot
whole in my mouth.

Mother finally arrived from the kitchen to announce dinner was ready.  Tom made
her get on all fours and resume dog position while June told me to bring her
slippers to her.  I crawled around the room, picked up the slippers in my mouth
and returned.  She rewarded me with several pats on the head as we headed for
the kitchen area.  June and Tom both sat at the table during the meal, while me
and mother had to eat ours from dog bowls on the floor at their feet.  My butt
was probed several times by June slipper as I lapped by food up beside mother. 
After the meal, we were told to clean up the dishes and crawl back to the living
room for instructions.

During the dishes, mother and I were pinching each other on the ass.  Both of us
knew we were now committed and accepted to our new lifestyle and neither one of
us spoke to the other.  We return to the living room as requested.  I was hoping
Tom would fuck me instead of mother, but knew I was June dog for present.

June had us both but our heads on the floor while she explained our new
requirements.  Bathroom privileges was for them only.  We would have to crawl to
the dog and whine to go out to use the grass.   Mother was to live with them
full time as a maid and dog.  I would keep my job and return here every night to
resume my dog life till she tired of it.  They had already given away my real
dog and had gotten all my clothes moved to their house.  Both mother and me was
told to crawl to her on our bellies and lick her slipper while telling her what
poor slut dogs we were.  Tom came behind us while we were licking as started
probing our ass with his fingers.  He started telling his mother how they had to
be loosened if they wanted us to use the bathroom upon command.  I was
humiliated and excited at the same time as I licked June feet.

Tom soon got leashes as they led us out the door crawling to my house.  We had
to crawl into my flowerbed, which I was very proud of, and squat.  June then
instructed us we had 10 minutes to use the bathroom and clean our asses in the
birdbath.  A brush and bar of soap was placed on the side.  Both her and Tom sat
down and watch as we both took a dump on the flowers while straining to get
done.  Mother being looser than me got done first as I had to wait on her to
clean her ass and return to her master.  To ensure we both was clean; June made
us lick each other assholes.  June ridiculed us telling us what assholes we were
and their bitches.  To prove it, her and Tom got on our backs and whacked our
asses as we slowly crawled back to their house.  June was pulling my hair and
telling Tom how nice it would be to cut some of it and shove it up my butt.  She
said she needed to get a ring to put in my mouth so she could watch my tongue
lapping her pussy in the future.  Tom meanwhile was groping mom tits between
spanks as she barked with each grope. 

Once inside, we had to show them what we wanted.  Both mother and me put our
heads to the carpet and pushed our asses high in the air.  June laughed and
since we took too long to get done, we would be spanked instead.  She gave Tom
one of her slippers and both of them started walloping our asses as we barked in
pain.  We then had to turn around so Tom could shoved his cock in mom mouth
while my face was shoved in June's pussy.  We licked them till they came on our
faces and then had to lap each other faces.  Afterwards, they had us get on our
backs while they sat on our faces to watch their favorite show on TV.

When the show finally ended and I had rimmed June asshole completely, we had to
crawl to two dog cages which kept our knees drawn up to our chests.  We had a
carrot inserted in our asses and told to go to bed as they turned the lights
out.  I was awaked around 1 am with a cock in my mouth which I sucked on till I
fell to sleep.

Tomorrow a new day.

Time to wake up slaves.  I opened my eyes and far June legs in front of my cage. 
She was sitting on the cage top.  I started to try to stretch when I felt her
pissing on me from above.  Trying to avoid the steady stream was impossible in
the cage.  In the next cage, I saw Tom doing the same thing to mother, splashing
her face instead of her hair and back like mine.  When they finished, they
opened the cages and told us to crawl outside where they took water hose to us
washing us down.  They put our collars on and had us crawl around the yard to
dry off.  Today was my day off from work and I knew I was in for a real treat
today.

When we arrived back inside, mother had to crawl around and pick up their
clothes and bring them back to them in her mouth while I had the ugly task of
cleaning the cages.  When I got back, June had mother down on the floor and had
her huge dildo up her ass fucking her in doggie position like she had done me
several times.

I just love fucking your big ass, you uppity bitch, she said, bringing her hand
down hard on her ass while mother whined and wiggle her tail for her.  Tom was
enjoying watching the fun and had me crawl over to him as he put his cock in my
mouth and told me to be still while he rammed it in and out.

When June was done, she walked in front of mother and told her to say ahh while
she shoved the cock in her mouth and told her to clean it.  Tom meanwhile was
shooting his sperm in my mouth as I was trying desperately to swallow it all. 
It sure tasted a lot better than June pussy.

June went and got some small rope and her and Tom and me and mother crawl to the
middle of the room.  She tied both of our hair in a knot and then to each other
with about 3 inches between our heads.   She then had Tom get a bar and they put
them on both our legs to keep them in a spread position while we was on all
fours hair tied together.

I think it time we shave our hairy dogs, she said, as she left and returned with
shaving cream and razors.  They sprayed our cunts and asses and started shaving
all our body hair in those areas.  I guess they do have pussies, after all, June
laughed as they started pinching our clits.  We tried to move around but our
hair hurt like it was being pulled out by the roots so we could nothing but
whine.

Tom suggested they pussy train us and when and brought back two rulers from the
bedroom.  We was told to tell them all pussies needed fucking as they whacked
them with the ruler.  I was screaming the same as mother as our hair was pulled
as we tried to avoid the swats.

We have to put our little doggies on a diet, June said, grabbing my tits and
pulling them hard downward.  Be a good little doggie and lapped your mommy
doggie face.  We were lapping each other all over in the face when June returned
with two butt plugs.  Her and Tom glued our pussy hair to them and then shoved
them up our butts.

Wag your cute little doggie tails for us, she said, as they slapped our asses to
make us wag harder.  Nice little bitches.

Most of the rest of the day Tom and his mother kept us on leases and training us
to do tricks for them.  We spent most of it on our knees licking their feet,
fetching dildos in our mouth, or just strolling around the house outdoors.  Tom
and her would take turns mounting us when they got tired of walking and pretty
soon I was enjoying June slaps of my ass or groping of my tits.  We were
starting to really get into our new role.

After another night of restless sleep, I was awakened to get bathe, dress, and
go to work.  Work just didn't seem to matter anymore.  All I could think about
was being June and Tom dog pet and which I could stay like mother as a full time
slave.  My panties stayed wet most of the day as it was nearing an end and I was
anxious to get home to my new life.  I was just about to close up the store when
a young lady (Mary) whom I had fired months ago for being a loafer appeared at
the door and wanted in.

What do you want, I said cracking the door open.

June sent me over, she replied smiling with a shit eating grin across her face. 
I know you are her dog slave and I rented you for a night.  Cheap price too for
such an ugly dog as you.

I was totally shocked at the thought that June had told this slut what I was
doing.  Especially since I hated her so much.  I was going to say something when
she stepped in and closed the curtains around the door and posted the closed
sign.  She turned around towards me.  Present, she said.

I immediately turned around and got on my knees by instant with head towards the
floor.  She started probing my covered ass with her heals telling me what a nice
little bitch I was and how she was really going to enjoy me all night.  Her heel
dug into my ass crack and I hope my slacks would not tear from her pushing.  She
slowing got behind and lowered my pants to my ankles and pulled my panties down.

I always knew you were all asshole, she said and then got up.  She started again
to push her heel in my asshole till it was about 2 inches in.  Now wiggle that
fat ass of yours and bark for me.

Totally humiliated, I started wiggling my ass barking for her.  The heel hurt
like hell as she keep pushing it in and out.   When she finally tired, she
started towards my office ordering me to crawl after her. She sat down on my
chair and ordered me to get totally undressed in front of her.  She opened the
desk drawer and got out my ruler and demanded I present in front of her chair.

Now we are going to have a little fun, she said.  You are going to tell me I'm
fired and I am going to whack that big ass of yours with this ruler.  Do you
understand doggie?

Yes mistress, I said. 

The ruler came down hard on my ass.

Ohhhh.  You're fired.  Ohhhhh. You're fired.

My ass was in pain and I was sure I wouldn't be able to sit again for a week as
I started crying and stuttering the words.  Finally the ordeal ceased as my ass
was on fire.

Poor little doggie has a sore ass.  Let Mary see if it is okay.  I yelled as she
goosed the cheeks, clenching them tightly.  I know what doggie needs.  She's
been in heat all day and need a good fuck.  She reached in her purse and brought
out a strap-on dildo and keeping undress put in around her waist.  Getting
behind my red ass she spread my cheeks and shoved an inch in with the first
pushed as I yelp.  She gripped my tits in her hands and started to squeeze them
and told me to bark while she fucked my ass and pulled my tits.  I must rent
your mother sometime, she said finally pushing the whole dildo up my ass.  My
ass would never be the same as I continue barking to her onslaught.  Finally,
she tired and pulling off the strap-on sat back on the chair and demanded I come
and lick her pussy.

My asshole was on fire and my ass burned from the ruler, but I turned around and
shoved my face in her crotch and started licking her.  Her pussy was soaking wet
from the entertainment and it didn't take long to get her off a couple of times
as she turned around in the chair and presented her ass for me to continue. 

I continue to lap her asshole as she kept masturbating her pussy till she came
again pounding her ass hard on my face.  She got up and got my panties and told
me to bend over as she proceeded to put them up my asshole.  She picked up her
pantyhose and started rubbing the crotch and rear area of them in my nose saying
she wanted me to get the scent down so I could smell her when she called. 
Placing the crotch area in my face and holding the legs as a rein, she got on my
back and told her to ride her around the building.

I starting crawling around totally at her control since I couldn't see clearly
through the hose.  When we came to Miss Jane seat whom she didn't like much from
the start, she made me lift my leg and pee on the floor in front of her chair. 
I hope she steps in it tomorrow she said and slapped my ass to continue. 
Finally she tired of the amusement and stopped and got off.

Oh yes what a nice little doggie you are.  I can't wait to get you home with me
tonight.  Dress me and then get your blouse and pants back on.  The panties stay
in your ass till I decide when to pull them out.  If you're lucky, I may let you
massage my feet with that doggie tongue of yours. They sure are sore from
walking all day. 

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





