BDSM Library - Curiosity Killed the Cat




Curiosity Killed the Cat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman's curiosity with her neighbors lead to her own submission.
Curiosity Killed the Cat

Joan looked out the window looking for anything she could see at the neighbor
house.  There was always strange noises coming from over there and people coming
in and out at night.  Paul was working late again as usual.  It seemed these
days; he was never at home to take care of her needs.   Tonight there was only
the neighbor car there and one other.  As usual, the lights were all on upstairs
and downstairs and all the curtains closed up so she couldn't see anything.

Damn, she thought.  They must be the most popular couple in town or something
was going on.  She had met the lady only once passing along the sidewalk.  She
always had on a leather outfit, which always struck her as strange, but then
again, maybe that was her thing.  A young girl lived with her and was rarely
home as far as she knew.  She was always going off in car here and there with
someone.   Joan could tell she was in her late teen and probably boy hunting. 
Her own hand slipped in her nightgown to her panties as she thought of the days
when she had been flirting with Paul.  She was 40 now and they were only 20 at
the time.  They had even made love in his mother room while she was preparing
them a dinner.   The thought excited her as she went back to bed and started
masturbating with the images in mind.  Maybe, I'll go over tomorrow after Paul
leaves and introduced myself she thought, as she returned to more pleasant
thoughts at hand.

The next day she woke up and found a note saying Paul had to leave early again
and would be gone for the next few days.  She had a cup of coffee trying to get
the nerve to go over and figure out what she was going to say.  Her own daughter
Ann was in college and wouldn't be home till the weekend.  Finishing the coffee,
she got dressed and walked over and knocked on the door.  It was still early in
the day.  Maybe she'll ask for a cup of coffee.

An attractive lady in her late 30s opened the door.  She was wearing a black
leather robe, which barely went down, below her ass cheeks Joan noticed.

I'm afraid, I forgot to buy any coffee this week, Joan lied.  Do you have any I
can borrow?  I'm your neighbor next door.

Sure, I'm having a cup myself.  Come join me.

Joan watched the lady turn around and walk forward as she went in and closing
the door followed.  The lady had a medium size ass, she noticed, as she
continued to watch it sway from side to side.  Her legs were long and in
excellent condition making Joan fell uneasy staring down at them.

They entered the kitchen and the lady offered Joan a seat at the table while she
prepared her a cup.  When she sat down opposite Joan, she noticed that she
probably had nothing underneath as a portion of her breast showed out beneath
the robe.  She tried not to stare and decided to start talking.

My name is Joan, she said.  My daughter is in college and Paul my husband is
always at work.  I notice you have a daughter also.  Does she have a regular
boyfriend?  I always see a car picking her up.

You're very nosy, the woman said, staring coldly at her.  I'll seen you looking
out the window at night.  Do you always do such things?

Joan was taken back.  She never suspected she had been spotted all these days. 
No, she replied cautiously, I just heard vehicles and thought it might be
someone coming to see me. You know how it is.

No I don't, said the lady, giving her a stone stare.  You see, I'm a mistress
and am training my daughter to be one also.  I enjoy the life of having slaves
to use for my pleasure and as you see it pays very well.

Joan almost fell out of her chair hearing the words.  I see, she said, and
hurriedly returned to her coffee to drink it as fast as she could and get out. 
She couldn't believe the woman actually told her that.  A hooker she thought and
teaching her daughter to be one also.  What a slut she was.  She didn't say
anything till the coffee was complete and then excused herself and said she had
things to do around the house.

If you're in need someday, come visit me again, the woman said.  I would very
much truly enjoy using you as my slave and spanking that large ass of yours.

No thanks, Joan replied.  I got to go.  She got up and left the house in a
hurry.  A hooker living next door she mused.  I never would have guess.  Should
she try to get her out of the neighborhood?  When she got in, she immediately
called Nancy her friend and told her everything that had happened.  Nancy was
recently divorce and used to work with Paul till she found another job that was
better.  She figured Nancy would be as surprised and horrified at the thought as
she was, but instead, Nancy made it sound like something exciting that they
should investigate and suggested she come over that night to see for herself. 
Joan told her the shades were always down, but Nancy said she knew ways around
that.

She spent most of the day cleaning house but the thoughts of what may be going
on in that house was getting her excited.  Late that evening, she returned to
bed to get herself off again with those thoughts still in her mind.  She fell to
sleep with a smile on her face and slept good till she heard a knock on the door
down below.

Realizing she had slept for hours and that must be Nancy, she quickly put on a
nightgown and went downstairs to open the door.  Nancy was standing there
looking at her waiting.

I'm sorry, I overslept she said letting her in.

Why Joan, you look so sexy in that gown.  Now I know why the big bad woman wants
to spank your booty.  Kind of cute you know.

Joan ignored her comments and prepared a drink for both of them.

What do you think I should do, she asked Nancy?

Lets go over first and see if anything is really going on, Nancy suggested.  I'm
very good at peeking in windows you know.  She may have been just trying to get
rid of you.

Joan was disgusted at Nancy suggesting such a thought, however, the it had came
to her mind several times the last few days.  She hesitated and then told her
she would get dressed.

We'll only be there a little while, Nancy replied.  Besides, it dark outside and
no one will see us.  Go as you are.  I doubt if you're going to be see in a
neighborhood where there is only three houses blocks from each other.

Joan thought better of it but decided what the hell.  She was in a horny mood
and didn't want to have to go through all the trouble right now.  Her curiosity
made haste of the situation as they both went out the back and walked behind the
hedges over.  All the shades were down as usual, but Nancy noticed the cellar
window at the bottom was lit and wasn't covered yet.  She approached and got
down on her knees to look in.  Joan was ashamed of herself and her friend
peeking in someone window and started to run back when she heard Nancy gasp out
below.   Nancy was fully engulfed with whatever she was watching and she could
hear noises that sound like moans from behind the window.  She then heard a
swishing sound and someone scream out in pain.

Gosh, this is good, Nancy said as Joan noticed she was pressing her nose in the
glass to see more.  Let me see, she asked Nancy.

In a minute.  Not yet.  Gosh.

Joan waited impatiently for her to move her big ass so she could see.  Her
curiosity was peeked to the max and she had gone this far.   Come on; let me
see, she said raising her voice.

Shhhhhhh.  They may hear you.  Damn.  I can't believe it.

Joan waited long enough and pushed Nancy to the side and looked in.  She saw a
naked couple tied to a hook in the ceiling with their backs towards her.  They
were totally naked and had stripes across their large buttocks.  Both was in
their 50s from the white hair she saw on them.  Her neighbor was dressed in a
black leather outfit with openings in front for her pussy and tits and a larger
opening in back for her ass, which was sticking out.  She watched her striking
their butts in turns with the cat and noticing the jiggling of their ass.  The
neighbor put down the cat and walked over to the wall, which held various
objects Joan had only seen in magazines before.  She saw her pick up two small
dildos and return.  Spreading each of their asses, she shoved the fake cock deep
in their bowels as they clenched their ass cheeks in response.  She felt Nancy
hand on her own ass rubbing it as she watched and knew she should stop it but
couldn't move from the scene below.  Even when her panties were being lowered in
back, she didn't resist but thrust her ass higher in response.

The couple was then turned around as Joan gasped at the sight.  That was My
Lawyer the local banker and his wife tied to the hooks.  His wife was a real
bitch and looked down at her whenever she went to get money.  Her pussy was
drooling at the sight of both of them standing there with their asses plugged
and spanked.  Nancy hand had found her pussy and was massaging it as she thrust
her ass back and forth so she could continue.  Looking back, she noticed the
neighbor had gotten two larger dildos and pulling each by their hair back forced
them in their mouths till it was firmly inserted.  She felt her pussy dripping
in back and Nancy finger at the entrance of her asshole.  Not thinking, she
pushed her ass back on the finger till it was inserted. 

The neighbor had tied a cord around Mr. Lawyer cock and put a clip around Mrs.
Lawyer clit and then another cord.    She was pulling on the cords as if they
were a puppet string making each of them dance for her amusement.  Both were in
a heavy sweat as their genitals were being pulled to the limit.  She didn't even
care when Nancy had inserted another finger in her ass and her other hand was
pushing a finger in her twat.  She was getting so close to cumming watching the
action.  She could feel Nancy breathe on the back of her neck and knew she was
watching from atop her at the same time.

The neighbor finally had her amusement and released the couple cords.  She
unhooked them and demanded they get on all fours and attached a leash to their
necks.  The door to the cellar opened and Joan noticed the daughter entered in a
like outfit.  Her ass was smaller and tighter than her mother and her young tits
were perked out in front.  Taking the couple by the lease, she made them crawl
around the room.  Joan came at the sight and barely heard her voice to keep from
giving them away.  Nancy had gotten up thinking she was going to yell when she
came.  Joan got up and grabbing her panties starting trying to pull them up as
she ran back to the house with Nancy close behind.  Her pussy was on fire.  They
ran inside and Joan popped on the couch exhausted.  She closed her eyes and then
felt Nancy arms massaging her tits.  She started to protest by then her hand
found her pussy again as she laid back enjoying the feeling.  Nancy removed her
hand long enough to undress and then got on top in a 69 position on her.

She had never lick a woman before but when Nancy tongue found her clit, she was
beyond any boundaries now.  She brought her own tongue to Nancy blond bush and
started licking her friend pussy.  It was wet all over as she reached up
grabbing her large globes and rubbing her ass at the same time.  She licked
harder knowing she wouldn't last long trying to get her off.  She eyed her
asshole only inches above and couldn't resist the urge to push her finger in it
as Nancy moaned in pleasure from between her legs.  They both came only minutes
later with falling to sleep in that position.

Joan woke the next morning to the sound of Nancy finishing dressing.  She was
ashamed of what she had done the night before but at the same time she admired
Nancy figure as she watched her put her jeans back.  And to think, she had done
it with Paul ex-employee.  How could she ever tell him?

Nancy, about last night, she said, we got carried away.  It was just a moment...

Hush up, Nancy replied turning around to her.  You loved it as much as I did. 
I'll be back over tonight and it's my turn to get the window view.  She grabbed
her purse and walked out leaving Joan staring at the ceiling above.  Her cunt
was still pulsing at the thought and images and she was right, she loved every
moment of it.

She got up and dressed and went to town to get breakfast.  She didn't want to
cook today.  She couldn't resist the urge to go to the bank and Mrs. Lawyer was
there in her daily business outfit.  She spoke a few words to her as the bitch
replied in her normal voice angering her.  You'll get yours tonight, she
thought, and I'll see it.  Ignoring her, she completed her transaction, had
breakfast and returned on for the daily chores.  All day her pussy was damp with
the thought of going back again.  She'll get even with Nancy she thought as she
imagined herself shoving two fingers in her large ass.  She refrained from
playing with herself, as she wanted to reserve herself for tonight.  Late that
evening, she waited impatience for Nancy arrival.  She put her nightgown back on
like the night before as the doorbell finally rang.

Opening the door, she saw Nancy standing there with only robe on which she
tossed in the doorway exposing herself in a see through panties and bra set.

Hurry, she said.  I saw a car pull up a few minutes before and started walking
out the back with Joan in haste behind her.  Joan watched her as wiggling before
her just dying to get her finger in it.  They approached the house in silent
like the night early as Nancy got down on her knees and elbows and look in. 
Joan saw her ass wiggling in back and couldn't resist the urge to get behind her
and start goosing and feeling it.  She rubbed her mound and noticed her pussy
was already wet.  She was curious to what she was watching, but at the same
time, the sight of her ass was driving her wild with excitement.  She grabbed
the waistband of her panties and lowered them exposing her huge ass mounds. 
Running the fingers between them and massaging her anus, she couldn't resist the
urge to plow her face in those mounds.  She licked around the mounds and then
started working between them finding her asshole and then working her tongue
inside.  She had imagined herself all day shoving her fingers in her butt but
now all she wanted to do was lick her asshole.  She felt Nancy rocking back and
forth on her face and reached down and started stroking her pussy.  Nancy had
reached back grabbing her hair and was shoving her face deeper in her ass crack. 
She felt her cum on her fingers and asked if she could have a turn at the
window.  Nancy hesitated as she waited impatiently for an answer and then moved
to the side so she could see. 

A man in his forties with a hood on was suspended from the ceiling by his hands
and feet.  His ass and cock was fully exposed to her view.  His cock was tightly
tied around his balls by a metal clamp and his nipples had weights attached
hanging from the side.  She almost creamed at the sight as she felt her own
panties being lowered down.  Instead of a finger on her pussy or ass, she felt
Nancy slap her ass in back as she pushed it up for more.  Mrs. Lawyer was in the
room totally naked with clips on her tits and pussy and her ass was plugged
again.  She was lead to the man and then got on her knees and started licking
his ass from below.  Her neighbor was not in the room but only the young girl
who picked up a dildo and shoved it in the man mouth and started pushing it in
and out as if it was a cock.  Joan couldn't hear the words but knew what she
must have been telling him.  Nancy was slapping her ass harder in back driving
her crazy trying to keep up with the scene.  Her nose was buried flat on the
windowpane.

Her neighbor walked into the room leading Mr. Lawyer totally naked by a leash. 
She led him in back of the man and pushed Mrs. Lawyer face away.  She held Mr.
Lawyer cock upward and guided it too the man asshole.  Mr. Lawyer needed no
assistance as he pushed his cock up the butt hole and started fucking the man
from behind.  Mrs. Lawyer was then led to the front of the man where the cock
was removed and Mrs. Lawyer was told to straddle the man head so her ass was on
his mouth.  She was grinding her ass down on him and Joan knew her asshole was
being licked out in back.  Nancy had quit slapping her ass and was now putting
two fingers in her asshole as she watched.  She was closing in to cumming and
didn't want Nancy to quit.

The neighbor helped Mrs. Lawyer get off the man face while Mr. Lawyer was still
fucking his ass.  His tongue was still swiping at air so he must not have been
able to hear through the hood.  Mr. Lawyer must have come in his ass as he
withdrew his limp cock.  Mrs. Lawyer was then instructed to get on all fours
with her head to the floor as the man was released from the ceiling and led up
behind her.  The young neighbor girl held his cock in her hand, which was
pointed out at least 10 inches.  It was as big as she had seen Paul get only
once in his life.  The girl pushed him down on his knees behind Mrs. Lawyer and
guided his cock to her asshole.  Mrs. Lawyer shook as the cock penetrated her
rear.  The girl then proceeded to get a belt from the wall and strike the man
ass while he was fucking hers.  Mr. Lawyer was now on his knees licking the
neighbor ass out in back.  Joan couldn't hold it any longer and came from the
finger fucking Nancy was giving her in back.  When she finally stop shaking
Nancy helped her up and led her back to the house still weak in the legs.

Joan was suspecting the same as last night as they walked in and layback on the
couch favoring the events of the night.

Get your ass off that couch slut, Nancy shouted.

Joan was taken back by her neighbor change of voice but got up anyway.  Nancy
sat down and told her to get across her lap.  I going to spank that naughty ass
of yours she yelled at her.

Joan was excited by her tone and draped herself over her lap expecting the
slight slaps she had gotten earlier but was surprised by the hard slap on her
ass.  Oh... she yelled as the next landed.  She hadn't been spanked that way
since she was a kid but she was getting excited despite the pain.  After about
25 she was begging Nancy to quit, as her ass was totally red from her palm.

Get on the floor slut and lick my pussy.

Joan got down on her knees and put her head between her friend's legs engulfing
the scent of her cunt for a few minutes before putting her tongue to it.  She
was more excited than ever and Nancy cunt was turning her on more than Paul cock
every had.  She licked up and down the clit and then started working her tongue
in and out.  Nancy lifted her legs up and told her to lick her asshole too.

She wasted no time moving her tongue down to her asshole.  Licking around the
rim she finally worked her way in and out her butt hole as Nancy moaned in
pleasure from above.  She felt Nancy climax as she continued licking till she
climaxed afterwards.  Joan fell back on the floor and fell asleep as she dreamed
about the events of the day.

The next day, Joan awoke to find a note from Nancy that she would be back
tonight with a surprise gift for her.  She wondered what it was as she got up
and showered.  Paul called and said he would be gone only one more day so she
continued to do minor things around the house trying to kill the day waiting for
the night's events.  She felt like the night was never going to come as the
doorbell finally rang and she opened it.

Nancy was outside in a leather outfit very familiar to the woman next door.  She
looked so beautiful in the outfit as Joan stared at her.

I have a surprise for you; Nancy said laying a sack of items on the chair
nearby.  Tonight you are going to be my slave.

She told Joan to remove all her clothing, which Joan dripping in her cunt
replied with immediately as Nancy stepped behind and taking her hands handcuffed
them behind her.  Next she got an ankle chain and cuff, which she attached to
her legs so they could only move maybe 6 inches at a time.  Joan was totally
excited as she put them on hoping she would make her get down and lick her pussy
before they go peek in on the neighbors.  Next she got a leash, which Joan
watched her attached to her neck.

Taking the lease in hand she led her out the back the normal way towards the
neighbor as Joan almost came walking behind her admiring her ass and wishing she
would stop so she could lick it.  They arrived at their normal place; however,
Nancy didn't stop and walked her around to the back door.

Joan was surprised by the turn of events and asked her what she was doing.

I'll been screwing your husband for years behind your back slut and now I'm
screwing you.  Bet you never dreamed it was him last night in the hood did you>

Panic seized Joan as she realized that she had been set up the last few days. 
She started pleading and begging Nancy to let her go promising to do anything if
they would leave now.

The door opened as she was still pleading with Nancy and Joan saw the neighbor
looking up and down at her.

Well what have we here?  If I didn't know I would say it's my nosy neighbor and
dressed liked that I would think she needs some punishment.

I brought her over for training, Nancy replied, she been cumming for days
watching you and her wimp husband and his banker friends.  I think I enjoy his
cock while you play with her.

Joan was totally anger at her betrayal and most of all she was going to fuck her
husband and give her too the bitch.  She tried to get away but Nancy held the
lease tight and tugged almost choking her.

Try that again and I might shoved that pretty face of your up my john, the
neighbor laughed at her.  Taking the lease, she pulled forward on it.

Come on sugar.  I told you the other day I was going to have fun with your ass.

Despite her struggles, Joan found herself being led down the hall to the room
she had seen the nights before.  She was scare of what too expect but couldn't
do anything at the moment.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





