BDSM Library - Family Big Vacation




Family Big Vacation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife's family is requested to join her husband boss, wife, and son on a vacation trip in the country.  A vacation for the boss family that is.
Family Big Vacation I

Carol was mad as hell.  She didn't want to be on this trip anyway.  Bob boss's
Don and his wife Kate insisted they joined them at their remote cabin for the
week.  She didn't like the idea from the start but Bob said they had little
choice if they wanted him to keep his job and they couldn't afford another one
at present.  Even Ann their 18-year-old daughter hated the idea.   Especially
since Don son's Junior was going too.  He was 18 years old and a totally spoiled
fat brat as Ann referred to him.  To top it off, they had to all go in Don's
camper, which made matters even worst.

Throughout the drive, Junior was constantly feeling Ann up, rubbing her thighs
or butt. Several times he even pinched her butt, which Ann would slap him
afterwards.   Kate only laughed as Carol told him repeatedly to quit or she'll
do something about it.  When she got a moment, she told Bob who only shrugged it
off and said kids would be kids.  Hell with that she thought.

Later during the drive, he lifted Ann's dress when she was turned around, Carol
saw him and slapped him hard on the ass and told him to behave or she'll spank
his ass even if his mother wouldn't.  She didn't know Kate was behind and when
she turned around, Kate gave her an earful of how it was her daughter fault for
dressing like a slut and if she touched her kid; she would pay dearly for it. 
Carol was pissed and going to tell her off but realized that it would mean her
husband job so kept quiet and sat back down.  Neither mother spoke throughout
the rest of the drive while Ann kept complaining in back.

Finally, they arrived at the cabin in no time too soon for Carol.  The men said
something about checking the outside toilet outhouse and they would return soon. 
Nobody spoke to each other as the women and kids entered the large 4-room cabin. 
They were only in for a moment, when Carol heard noises from the bedroom and
went in immediately leaving Kate in the kitchen area of the cabin.

Junior had Ann laid out on her stomach on the bed while sitting on her back and
had pulled her panties down exposing her ass.  He was rubbing his hand on her
cheeks and she was yelling for him to get off.

Carol was furiously; grabbing Junior by the arm she pulled him off the bed and
starting hitting slapping his ass hard while he was yelling.  She was really
laying it on his butt when she felt a hard slap on her ass and released him.

She turned to see Kate standing there mad as hell.

I told you if you hit my kid you were going to pay for it bitch.  Before could
explain, Kate punched her fist in her gut.  Maybe I'll spank that fat ass of
yours for a while, Kate told her.

Carol holding her stomach looked up.  She had enough.  I'm going to get Bob and
we're going home, she yelled.  You people are sick.  Ann stay here and if that
creep touches you again, I'm going to have Bob kick his butt.

Kate let her pass.  Go ahead.  You'll find your lover boy in the john with Don
dear. Storming pass, she ran out the house.  She didn't care if they had to walk
home.  They were leaving.  How dare the bitch hit her.

She found the toilet cabin in back with the door closed.  She could hear noises
inside and knew someone was there but she didn't care.  Opening the door, she
yelled out Bob we're ...............

Carol was stunned.  Bob was naked on his knees with his head on the toilet bowl
while Don was behind him with his cock buried up his ass pumping it in and out. 
His ankles were tied with rope and his hands were tied in back.  He was telling
Don to please fuck his slave toy.  When they heard her voice, they both turned
around to see her standing there open mouth.

Don looked up.  I sorry hon., I was going to tell you.

Carol slammed the outhouse door shut.  Her own husband gay!  The bastard.  She
practically ran back to the cabin to get Ann and leave.

When she entered, Kate was in the living area of the cabin totally nude rubbing
her cunt on the couch.

Did you find your wimpy little husband?  He's been Don fuck toy for over a year
now.  I enjoy using him myself from time to time.  Guess your pussy wasn't good
enough for him.  By the way, the nearest town is over 50 miles away and there
are coyotes and bear in the woods I'm told.  So leave if you want.  Of course it
will mean Bob job.  Too bad.

You people are sick, Carol yelled at her, trying to decide what course of action
to take.  You probably get off on it, you dyke.

I just love it when a cunt like you try to talk tough, Kate replied still
stroking her cunt.  Make up your mind, either be my slave for the week or start
walking bitch.  After a week, I'll drive you home so you can run back to mummy
and cry.

Carol wanted to slap that smile off her lips put her foot in her mouth but she
didn't want to walk 50 miles either.  She knew she didn't have much choice. 
She'll kill Bob if she gets the chance, the faggot.  She had sex with a woman
before but it was on her own terms and it was just foreplay and 69ing.  This was
different.

What do I have to do, she asked biting her lip.

Anything, I want bitch.  Your nothing but a piece of shit I can use for a week. 
You should be grateful; I want that fat ass of yours.

Carol was shocked at the woman words.  The bitch had her and she knew it.  She
tried to barter her way out.

I'll agree only if you don't involve my daughter and she don't find out.  Maybe
she could escape later when Bob came to his senses.

Nonsense bitch, Kate replied.  Junior is already having fun with that slut
daughter of yours.  She was sucking his big dick minutes earlier and he's
probably porking her in the ass by now.  Now quit fucking around and get those
clothes off.  I want to see my bitch naked.

Carol was totally red and mad but had no choice.  She hoped Junior wouldn't get
Ann pregnant but knew she couldn't do anything about it at present.  She slowly
removed her outer garments and stood before her in her bra and panties.

I said naked bitch, Kate yelled.  Show those cowbells of yours and that fat ass.

Carol slowly unhooked her bra letting it drop and then lowered her panties.  She
could see Kate frigging her cunt as she exposed herself before her.

I wanted to pull that blouse off you in the camper and pulled those cowbells all
day, Kate remarked.  I'm going to have so much fun with them.  Turn around and
show me where all that shit you talked about came from.  Bend over and spread
them bitch.

Carol turned around and bent over holding her ass cheeks apart for the woman
viewing.

I knew you were all asshole honey.  At least it looks prettier than your face. 
Get on your knees at my feet.

Carol red in the face turned around and walked over getting on her knees before
the woman.  It was all she could do not to hit her and run for it.  Kate started
playing with her boobs rubbing them all over and tweaking her nipples with her
cum soaked hands.  Even Carol was getting excited by the rubbing trying not to
show it.

Grabbing her nipples with both hands, she yelled, Junior get your butt in here
now.

Please no, yelled Carol trying to cover her cunt and pull back in panic.  Kate
had a firm grip on her tits and she couldn't back up.  She heard the door to the
bedroom open and junior walk out with only his jock shorts on.

Wow what some knockers!

Carol dropped her head in shame and disgust at her situation.

Junior, my new slut Carol needs a good spanking for being naughty earlier to
you.  Ask Junior to spank your fat ass Carol; she said pulling Carol nipples at
least 2 inches forward till she yelled.  Call him master and tell him to spank
your fat ass for being bad.

Carol watched Junior walk over grinning from ear to ear.  She knew she couldn't
do anything to protect her nudity from him now and he was going to get his
revenge on her for earlier.

Master please spank my fat ass for being bad, she whispered.

Junior was laughing at her.  Turning around, he dropped his shorts to his knees.

Crawl here pig and kiss my ass for the time you slapped it earlier.  I think
fifty times should be enough, Junior yelled in excitement.

Carol slowly got on all fours and crawled over hating herself for getting in
this mess.  When she got to his back and stared at his hairy ass, he roughly
grabbed her hair pushing her face to his ass cheek.  She smacked his ass with
her lips.

When you kiss it bitch, thank me for letting you kiss my ass.

Junior wasn't going to make it easy.  Carol started kissing his ass, thanking
him each time for letting her do it.  She felt like a whore being used and by a
fat little brat at that.  Even in her humiliation, she found her own pussy
getting wet at what she was doing.  The last ten had to be done on his butt
hole, which she was dreading throughout the ordeal. 

I think the bitch loves your big ass hon. Why don't you give her fifty across
her big butt now to show her whose boss.  I want to watch that proud ass of hers
squirm real good.  She's already making a puddle on the floor.

Carol was ashamed of herself and knew what Kate said was true.  She had gotten
very excited kissing his ass and making a whore of herself.  She was even hoping
he'd make her lick his ass.  She felt Junior grab her hair in top and drag her
on her knees over to the chair.

Junior didn't need to be told as he immediately starting slapping Carol on the
ass with his palm.  She was yelling in pain and quickly forgot about her nudity
as the bastard was really blistering her ass good.  Kate was enjoying it telling
him spots he was missing as Carol squirmed all over his lap trying to avoid the
next hit.  Her ass was on fire and she started pleading with him.  Promising to
be good.  Finally, she offered to suck his cock and lick his ass if he would
please quit.  They both were laughing at her calling her whore, cunt, and pig
while she screamed in pain till it finally ended.  She was in full tears like a
baby being spanked for the first time.

Now get on your knees pig, Junior commanded.

Carol pussy was getting soaking wet as he continued to humilate her verbably. 
Slowly she got down on her knees in front of Junior.  His cock was trussed
straight up she knew what was in store for her.

Suck it pig.

Carol lowered her head still in tears and started sucking on his cock.  She was
totally ashamed of herself but at the same time getting wet between her legs as
his cock was bigger than Bob.  She hated herself for getting wet but the more
she sucked the more excited she was getting.   Quickly, he lifted her head back
slightly and shot his wad on her face as she licked her lips trying to lick his
cum.  She failed to notice that Kate was back to his side till it was too late. 
Her daughter Ann was with her and totally naked like herself.  Ann hands were
tied behind her back and Kate had a leash around her neck as they came up to her
side.  Ann was staring at her like she was a common whore.  She noticed Ann had
welts on her tits and knew Junior must have had fun while she was gone.

Junior, you know better than to feed the whores till they perform, Kate said
smiling down.

Sorry mom.  Just couldn't wait to shoot it up her fuck face.  Next time, I'll
wait and put it in her ass.

Carol was ashamed as she looked at her daughter in desperation.  There was no
way she would be able to explain what she had just did.  Ann eyes told her that
she had just under gone the same kind of treatment as both returned stares for a
few minutes.  Slowly, Kate dragged Ann by the lease to the couch and watch her
make her get on her knees in front of her.  She spread her cunt lips with her
free hand.

Come on pussy lick mommy cunt.  I can spank a lot harder than junior.

Carol watched Ann put her head between Kate thighs and hear the slurping sounds
from underneath.  She knew now they were both doomed.  She felt Junior grab her
tits from behind as she watched and start squeezing them and tweaking her
nipples.  His paws were making her cunt drip all over the floor as she watched
her daughter ass squirming.  Her own cunt needed attention bad.  Maybe if she
got Junior hard again, he'll fuck her cunt.

Master, she looked up back at Junior and hating herself for what she was going
to ask.

Master please fuck piggy.  The words just came out despite trying to stop them. 
His cock was hard still as she stared at desperately wanting it in her.

Put you head to the floor and spread your ass pig.  Wiggle that big butt or
yours and beg.

Carol lower her head to the floor and reached back spreading her large ass.  She
started rotating her ass begging her master to fuck her.

Junior watched in gleem for awhile before getting on his knees behind her. 
Placing his cock at the entrance to her ass hole, he start shoving it up her
butt with her pleading for him to use her cunt.

Get use to it pig.  I'll fuck you where I want.

Carol could do nothing to stop the onslaught of Junior cock from penetrated her
asshole.  It was loosen by her excitement and the brat wasn't going to change
his mind.  She felt her hair being pulled and held like a rein while the boy was
slapping her ass in back.  His ass felt stuffed from his cock but she was
getting more excited from it then the discomfort.  He was slapping her ass
telling her to giddiup as she rock back and forth.

That's it son.  Poke her good.  Give her a new asshole so I can drive my dildo
up her ass later, Kate encouraged him.

Carol ignored her comments trying to get off even if the cock was in her butt. 
She was close to climax when her withdrew from her ass in one quick pop.

No need to come to early, he bragged to Kate.  Quickly he mounted her back
before Carol had time to think.  A hard slap fell on her ass.

Giddiup pig. Crawl.

Carol did her best to crawl around the room with the kid slapping her large ass
cheeks.  It was more a waddle than crawl.  Her cunt was soaking wet wanting his
cock but his slaps on her butt told her she better obey or else.  Here she was
in her 40s crawling like a dog with a young boy spanking her fanny.  She knew
she wouldn't be able to sit for a week after this.

When they came around the room a second time, Kate had Ann over her lap spanking
her ass.  Her cunt lapping better improve she told her or her butt was going to
pay dearly for it.

Carol could do nothing to help her as she cried and begged over Kate lap.  She
had her own troubles at present.  Her hands and knees were totally sore from the
crawling and the brat didn't seem to want to stop.  Every time she hesitated, he
would slam his hand down on her ass harder to get her moving again.

Bring her over here, Kate said, holding some string in her hand.

Carol crawled over on Junior command as they made her get on her back.   Kate
tied her hands to her ankles so she was pinned with her cunt and ass exposed for
their view.

Honey, Kate smiled looking down, I been wanting to put your face where it
belongs all day.  She got over Carol head and slowly lowered her butt down on
her face, as Carol feared what was coming. 

Junior bring my small paddle over here.  If I don't feel that tongue of hers up
my butt soon, I going to have too beat those cowbells of hers flat.  By the way,
Ann has a nice tight asshole for you, why don't you try it out while I play with
your slut for a while.

Carol could hear Ann screams and knew Junior was going to plow her ass like he
had done hers earlier.  She couldn't breath from the weight of Kate hairy ass on
her face but a quick blow to her right tit and she had her tongue deep in her
ass in no time.  She wiggled her tongue in and out her asshole wagging it around
inside.  Anything to get it over with as soon as possible.  When she slowed
down, the paddle would land on one tit or another as she continued to pick up
her pace.  Finally, Kate got off and she lay on the floor too tire to move.  She
saw Ann bent over the couch and Junior still poking her ass except she was no
longer complaining and Carol knew she was starting to enjoy it as she did
earlier.

Kate put her foot up to Carol mouth.

Lick it slave.

Carol started licking Kate the underside of Kate big foot.

I hate to go but I promised Junior a night alone with his sluts, Kate said
rubbing her foot all over Carol mouth.  Besides, Don and me are going to have
fun in the camper tonight with your wimpy husband.  I just love to tug his cock
while he tongues my beautiful ass.  Have fun.  I'll bring the men over in the
morning so we can have some fun too.

Carol saw the smile access Junior face as he finally pulled out of Ann ass.  His
cum was running down the crawl on the floor.

Please Kate, she begged.  I'll be a good slave.  Take me.  Her hands and feet
were still tied and she knew she was at the mercy of the little fat monster. 
Her pleas fell on deaf ears as she watched Kate opened the door and exit.

Junior walked over and got on his knees beside her still grinning.  Reaching
down he grabbed her cunt hairs and pulled hard.

Owwlwllll.  Please master no more, she begged.

Junior was going to have fun.  He pulled again as she scream.

Please master.  I'll lick your cock or ass.  Please don't pull so hard.  Please
master.

I already have someone to lick my ass, Junior replied grinning at her.  Ann get
down here and lick your master ass now.

Carol watched Ann get down from the couch and crawl over behind Junior broad ass
and putting her face in his crack.  She could hear her breathing in back and
knew her tongue was buried up his ass.

Junior was gleaming in excitement.  Reaching down, he pinched her clit between
his fingers.

Owllllll, yelled Carol.  Please master no more.  I'll be good.  Fuck my ass. 
Anything.  Please don't hurt my pussy.

Junior kept up the pressure pinching her clit or pulling her cunt hairs while
Carol begged and begged for mercy.  Finally, he quit as she lay till squirming
on the floor.

I have to piss.  Where can I piss slut, he smiled down at her.

Oh no, she thought.  Not that.  Please she begged.  I'll hold it for you outside
and lick your ass while you go.

Not the right answer, Junior said pulling her cunt hair harder.

My mouth.  Please.  Use my mouth.

Beg to be my piss toilet slut; Junior said pulling her hair again.

Please master piss in your toilet slut mouth, she yelled in pain before she
realized what she said.

Junior smiled down.  Much better, he said.  Pushing Ann back her got up and
squatted down on Carol face and pointed his cock at her mouth.  Open up cunt.

Carol opened her mouth and before she could get it completely wide a stream of
piss entered her mouth.  She tried to swallow as fast as she could.   Junior had
done it before because he knew when to stop for a moment and let them swallow
before continuing.  The taste was terrible but she knew better than to disobey
in her position.  Finally he was done.

Clean my pecker, bitch.

Carol totally disgusted started wiping his cock with her tongue to get the cock
dry.  Ann was looking at her with disgust in her face but her turn would come
Carol thought continuing to tongue it till he was satisfied.

Junior got up smiling at his victory.  Ann come here and let your mother clean
my cum out of your ass.

Please master, Carol begged.  I've been good.  Not that.

Ann had walked over and Junior made her turn around so her back and butt was
visible to Carol from underneath.  Making her squat down on her mother face, he
stopped her only inches from her mouth.

First, thank me for fucking your daughter ass he told her spreading Ann ass
while his cum dripped on her face.

Thank you master for fucking my slut daughter Ann ass, she whispered.

Junior then lowered Ann down on her mother face as Carol started the unpleasant
task of cleaning her ass.  She was now only a common whore as she continued to
clean her daughter ass.  Her asshole was really loose from his cock and she had
little trouble getting her tongue inside.

Much better, Junior said raising Ann off her mouth face.  Now both of you know
your ass belongs to you better obey.  If I hear a complaint, I going to tie you
up to a tree tonight and you can sleep there with the animals.  Let me hear ya
beg to be my slaves.  Come on.

Ann and Carol both starting begging to be Junior slaves promising to do anything
her wanted while he just stared at them and grinned.

Ann come here.  Turning her around.  Beg me to play with your ass.

Please master.  My ass is yours.  Do what you want.

What about it slut, Junior asked looking down at Carol.

Yes master use the slut ass and mine too.  We are only your toys master.

Junior started to enjoy himself goosing Ann ass while she remained still and
pinching her ass cheeks.  He slapped her ass watching her butt cheeks shake with
each slap.

Are you enjoying watching me use my slut, he looked down at Carol again.

Yes master.  Spank her big butt, Carol yelled back.  Pinch her ass.  Fuck her
asshole.  Use the cunt.

Junior had heard what he wanted to hear.  Turn over slut, he told Carol.  I want
to put my big toe in your ass while I play with Ann.

Carol turned over so that her ass was pointed back at him.  She had to squirm on
her tits since her hands and ankles were still tied.  She felt his big toe at
the entrance to her asshole and then plunging inside.  She came with his big toe
up her ass and laughing at her.

Carol was so humiliated cuming from a boy fucking her ass with his toe.  She
just lay exhausted while Junior continued doing things with Ann.  Her rest was
not going to be for long however.

Junior demanded Ann go to the camper and bring back from food for him.  When she
pleaded with him to put on some clothes first, he slapped her face and told her
to get moving.  If his mother or dad wanted to use her that was okay with him as
long as she was back in an hour.

He then reached down and untied Carol still lying on her knees on the floor.

Stand up, he demanded her.

I remember that spanking you gave me and now it's my turn to have some more fun. 
He got a piece of rope and tied it to Carol hair so he could control her.  Now
we are going to play a game.  You are going to walk around the room wagging your
big ass for me while I slap it with this other rope. 

Please master, Carol begged.  My ass is sore.  I'll lick your cock till you cum. 
I promise.

Junior brought the rope down hard on her ass cheek as she yelled in pain.

Get moving, Junior said and be sure to swing that butt of yours while you're at
it.   If you don't get me excited again, I'll put you in the outhouse for the
night. 

Carol started walking doing her best to sway her ass sexy at him as he followed
behind holding her hair by the rope and slapping her cheeks with the rope in his
other hand.  It was hard to shake your ass sexy when it was being strapped.  He
made her walk around at least two times in the cabin before he led her to the
kitchen.  There he picked up a duster and told her to bend over.  Spreading her
cheeks, he pushed it in her asshole and let the rope from her hair hang down.

This cabin is dirty.  Start dusting it.

Carol look at him in shock at first but the look on her face immediately told
her that he was to be obeyed now.  She walked around bending over trying to dust
everything she could find while he stretched out on the couch to relax a while.

Soon Ann returned in the doorway holding a bag of food in her hand.  Her face
was totally red and she was walking funny.

Did Dad enjoy you slut, Junior asked her.

Yes master.  Your dad fucked my ass and shoved a carrot up it so it will be
looser for him next time.  He said to tell you that you could have boy toy
anytime you want; but he would appreciate it if you would send Carol slut over
so he could see her.

Junior was grinning.

Slut, get your ass over to the camper now and you better be back in an hour or
I'll beat your ass again.

Carol started to pull the duster out of her ass but Junior demanded she leave it
in and get moving if she wanted to make it back in time.  Carol rushed out the
door with the duster wagging in her butt and walked naked to the camper.  She
knocked on the door as Kate opened it naked in front of her.

Honey here's the slut and she's got a pretty little tail in her butt.

Kate motioned for Carol to come in.

When she entered she saw Bob hanging from the ceiling with his feet and hands
tied to the roof.  His butt had a large dildo shoved up it and his cock was tied
in cord tight.  Kate immediately walked over and sat down on his hanging face
pulling on the cock string.  From the moans Kate was giving, Bob must have been
licking good.

She didn't have long to stare as she felt the duster push up her ass slightly
and turned around to see Don smiling.

Bend over and grab your ankles bitch, Don told her from behind.

Carol noticed the stripes on Bob ass when she entered and bent over immediately
exposing her ass.  She felt the duster being moved from side to side probing her
asshole.

It's a good thing for you I just fucked your daughter ass or I'll have yours.

Don't be silly dear, Kate called.  Her asshole is so loose that Junior was in it
in one push.  You know you like them tight.  Besides let Junior play with her
first.   When you get hard again, I want it in my pussy.  Bob will get it nice
and hard for me.

Carol was ashamed and mad at Kate for her comments but she was relieved at the
same time.  Her ass was sore in back already from Junior's cock and toe and she
didn't think it could take anymore tonight.

I guess her asshole is a little worn out for me but if Junior get tire of her, I
know a few friends I can pimp her out to for an anal slave.  They'll pay good
money to fuck her big ass.

Not before I take her to the ladies club so my friends can help themselves to
her, Kate replied.  We own everything she has now so she better keep Junior
happy or we'll pimp her to both sexes.  I know a black lady who would love to
make her a ho.

Carol didn't move.  She knew now that Bob had sold them out.  Her only recourse
was to be that fat boy slave or hook on the streets.  They had said they owned
everything so Bob must have signed over the lot.  They were also rich enough to
destroy her anywhere she went.  To top it off, she had enjoyed herself tonight
even if she had been raped by an 18 year old.  It was better than the sex she
was getting at home.

She felt the duster being pulled out of her ass.

I'll keep this so Bob can clean the trailer.  Get back to your master slut
before I string you to a tree in the woods so the bears can fuck you.

Carol felt a hard slap to her ass and quickly ran out the trailer before they
changed their minds.  She didn't want any part of what was going on there.  At
least Junior was dominant freak but he didn't beat her as hard as she had seen
on Bob.  Serves him right she thought arriving back to the warmth of the cabin. 
Junior was sitting on the couch with Ann lying on her belly on the floor licking
his feet.  He had a dart pistol in his hand with rubber suction cups on the
darts.

I need to practice with my dart gun he told her as she entered.  Stand in the
middle of the room and bend over and spread your ass.  Tell me where to shoot
slut.

Carol walked to the middle and bent over with her ass spread for her master. 
Shoot it in my asshole master, she yelled back.

She felt the first dart hit her right ass cheek and cling for a second before
dropping to the floor.

A little to the left master, she called back spreading her ass wider.  I'll give
you a better target.

The next one missed but barely to the right.

Oh that's better master.  Shoot it up my big ass butt hole.

The next one hit her butt hole as she closed her ass cheeks tight on it to get
it there.

Oh, yes master.  Good shot.  It's in my big asshole.  Do my tits next master.

Bring the dart over slut, Junior yelled so I can reload.  Keep the one in your
ass tight as you bring them.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





